HOME AWAY FROM HOME

BY SHARPERGIRL

Part 4

The door opened and it was Hilda. "Susan, it's time to go back to
your room now and I will explain the dress code and the rest of
the procedures on your programme here, bring your handcuffs here
and I'll take you back across to your accommodation block. The
thought of crossing that wide open space again, naked and with
the tube attached to my clit was making me very uncomfortable.
Seconds later I was running to keep up with Hilda as she strode
back across the yard, jerking my cuffed wrist. I jogged along
with the suction tube bouncing up and down in front of me like a
little stiff cock. There were groups of uniformed girls in the
yard now, some turned to look at the spectacle of me being
hurried naked past them, others took no notice, I heard a few
laughs and jeers, I wanted my clothes badly. Soon we were back in
the accommodation block and I was being bundled back into my
room. I was shivering from the bitter cold breeze that was
sweeping across the open yard area. I stood by the bed and gave
the little rubber bulb a few pumps and watched my clit respond.
"Don't you start thinking about masturbating with that thing now,
a lot of girls make that mistake early on and they can be
punished for it, I have your tail here and I can plug you in for
a twenty if you want me to Susan!" My heart sank as she dangled
the wire in front of me and indicated the socket and a small
control box in my bedside unit. "No! Please Ma'am I was just
pumping it back up like Matron said see?" Very well Susan, but I
will be inspecting you later and you had better not be wet or you
will get it, understood?" I nodded vigorously, this was very
cruel as the stimulation of the pump could easy set me off if I
thought about nice things, and that of course was the point. We
had to train ourselves to suppress the urge, and they made it
very difficult for us to do that. Hilda had got out a pair of
white socks and the black shoes. "Here try these on for size, I
stooped careful ly trying not to snag the vac tube. I pulled on
the white socks and turned them over half way up my calves. Then
down on one knee to do the buckles on the shoes. "Walk up and
down and see how they fit commanded Hilda" I did so holding the
rubber bulb to the side and looking down at my new shoes.
"They're OK Ma'am I said." Hilda had taken a bra from the drawer.
"Here, put this on" It was a slip over crop-top which suited me
well and it was very comfortable. "Susan, your bra is designed to
show your nipples if they stand up, so you should be careful." I
looked down and sure enough the material covering that area was a
different texture and weave. Thankfully the effect of the cool
outside air was wearing off and they were only small soft bumps
and not hard and rigid as they might have been. She handed me a
skirt next, I stepped into it and fastened it around my waist. A
perfect fit, although as I'd suspected rather short. I had
noticed that all the girls in the yard had similar ly short
skirts so I assumed this was part of the policy of the place. I
had struggled with the vac tube, the plastic pipe now ran up
inside my skirt and the bulb hung over the waistband. The weight
of the skirt now pushed the tube down and I felt it tugging on my
clit, and it became quite uncomfortable. Hilda realised my
problem and promptly lifted the front of my skirt and tucked it
up over the waistband, which allowed the tube to spring back up
into it's horizontal position. I gave it a few pumps. "There you
are, that is how you will wear your skirt when you are pumping
your clitoris, and you will be required to pump during every
break time for the first month, and then as directed depending on
your progress." I blushed at the thought of joining the other
inmates in the yard with my clit poking out like this, this was
such an extreme and shameful display of my most feminine part.
"Now Susan put the sweatshirt on." She handed me the royal blue
shirt and I slipped it over m y head. It had a warm fleece lining
that I was glad of. Apart from the nagging pull of the vac tune I
felt very comfortable in my new clothes, and I tried to remember
the last time I dressed in an all new outfit, even if this one
did make me look like and over grown schoolgirl.

"Susan, I want you in the personal inspection position on the bed
now please." It took me a minute to register what she was on
about, I knelt up on the bed, head and chest down, and then
raised my backside up, and at the same time spread my legs,
remembering how I had been positioned the previous evening. The
skirt was so short that my bare cunt was already displayed to
Hilda, I stretched my thighs wide and placed my fingers so as to
open myself fully to her gaze. As I stretched myself the vac tube
lost its suction and slid off my clit onto the bed. "No need to
worry about that Susan, you can put it back on later when we
continue your introduction to the institute after lunch." I
realised I was starving hungry and the thought of lunch made me
salivate. I shuddered slightly when I felt something moving
inside my cunt. Hilda was holding the socket on the end of the
wire that connected to the contact that had been stuck over my
cervix. I heard a 'snap' and then felt a thin wire being gently
pulled up from the entrance of my gaping slit up along the crease
of my backside, she then tucked the wire under the waistband of
my skirt and left it dangling down my back. "You will wear the
tail whenever your contact is fitted. That is during the day but
not at night when the contact will be removed. The only other
times you don't have your tail connected is when you are having
your period, when you are doing Physical exercise or if you need
to be whipped." The word did not register at first, I went to say
something. "I'll tell you about our punishment system in good
time Susan, you already know how we use the contact to keep you
in line most of the time but there are also special punishments
which you will be subject to from time to time. Now, I'm afraid
the activity this morning and your new experience with the vac
tube had caused you to be in and unacceptably aroused state. You
are quite wet Susan. I heard her move away. She came back and
placed a plastic chair by the bed. "Stand up now Susan." Her
voice was strong and stern. My stomach turned over. I stood in
front of her, I was breathing heavily and my heart was thumping.
The front of my skirt was still tucked up and revealing my bare
pussy. The vac pump had left my clit swollen and obvious. "I'm
going to punish you Susan for failing a personal inspection,
please sit in the chair and hand me your tail." "Oh, oh Hilda,
Ma'am, please no. Please not that, I was only..." "Silence! You
can choose to resist and I will have you strapped down and give
you such a horrible session that you will wish you weren't born,
or you can sit down and take your punishment. I started to cry
uncontrollably remembering the horrible pain I'd felt when the
contact had been tested, I desperately did not want to go through
it again. Tears ran onto my new sweatshirt as I sat down, the
cold plastic felt nasty against my bare bottom, and I was now
acutely aware of my wetness. Hilda made me put my legs ar ound
the legs of the chair and grip the seat with my hands. She took
my tail and plugged it in to the wall socket. I watched through a
haze of sticky eyelashes as she calmly selected 20Volts. Her
finger hovered over a red button. I looked up at her face and
pleaded, "Oh please Hilda, I'm not bad I don't deserve this."
"You have a lot to lean Susan, you need to stay in the seat, if
you fall on the floor you must stay put until the punishment
ends. On no account must you try to unplug yourself." She firmly
pressed the button and then quickly held my shoulders with both
her large bony hands. The stinging shock winded me, my adrenaline
pumped, and then the intense bruising wave came from inside me, I
gasped and then had to scream as I squirmed about on the seat.
The next shock came and the following wave of pain built on the
first. I shook now, my knuckles white grasping the chair, again
the pulse hit my tender cervix and now I was screaming at the top
of my voice, again and aga in I thrashed my agony-ridden pelvis
backward and forward on the chair grinding my slippery cunt lips
over the rough plastic. The pain in my deepest inner muscle was
now humming at a constant gut wrenching level, the burning
electrical pulses superimposed on top of the overall hell. I was
losing it completely, squealing now using all my strength to try
to squeeze the pain from my body. I stared desperately looking
for a little mercy in Hilda's cold eyes as the held me there my
small body trapped by her superior weight and strength in the
chair while the electricity ravaged my insides. I thought I would
feint, and then I wanted to throw- up, my mouth drooled, my mind
went blank and all I knew of the world was the persistent and
awful pain I was experiencing. Eventually the pulses stopped, but
the nagging pain went on. Hilda released my shoulders, I slumped
over with my head down on my knees. I realised I had pissed
myself and was sitting in a small puddle which was dripping of f
the edge of the chair. My skirt was soaked. "It's all over Susan.
You took it very well. Now, you need to go to the bathroom and
clean up. Then you can put on some panties and a clean skirt.
Girls often take a pee during their first few punishment
sessions, it's quite normal. She disconnected my tail from the
wall socket and pressed it into my trembling hand. Eventually I
stood, my legs like jelly, and hobbled off to the ensuite. I
washed my cunt and legs, dried off and leaned over the toilet to
be sick. I retched and retched choking on the strings of foamy
mucus that came up from my empty stomach. I finally flushed and
walked back into the bedroom without my skirt and holding my
coiled tail. The front of my shirt was damp with tears but Hilda
did not want me to change it. There was the other skirt and a
pair of new white knickers on the bed. I put them on and fed my
tail up between my buttocks out over the waistband as before.

I was ready, now fully clothed complete with knickers. My skirt
was no longer tucked up at the front and for the first tome that
morning my pussy was not on public display. My damp shirt and my
red salt burned face were the only clues to the horrible
punishment that I had just endured. I was very conscious of my
contact, although I could not feel it in place, everything inside
my pelvis was feeling very tender. My pumped-up little clit was
now pressing against the front of my clean white knickers. I
prayed that no confusing signals would cause my cunt to start
flowing again. Hilda made me re-tie my ponytail and then lead me
out of the room toward the dining area. I felt much more
confident walking across the yard fully clothed. We went past the
fearful medical block and on to the next identical building. Once
through the door I saw three rows of tables with girls sitting at
them. All wore the same uniform as me. Some were in a line at a
serving hatch getting trays of food. Th ere was an eerie silence
about the whole procedure. "Go and join the line Susan and come
back to this place here." Hilda pointed to an empty seat on a
table of three other girls. There were about six or more
uniformed screws each carried a nasty black riding crop. As I
stood in line I heard one of the screws nearby. "You! Personal
inspection. Floor, now." A small blond girl stood up quickly and
stepped away from the table she'd been sitting at. She flipped
her skirt up and pulled down her panties. She stepped out of them
and handed them to the screw. He began to inspect them as she got
into position on the floor and opened her cunt for him to
inspect. I stared in disbelief as the rest of the people in the
room went about their business. There was a sharp whack as the
screw brought his crop down on the girl's thigh. "Punishment
chair now, you have failed" As the girl stood up I saw she had
started to cry bitterly. Her skirt was all bunched up and I could
see that she had been using the vac pump for a long time. Her
clit was clearly dangling in front of her bare pussy lips which,
even from where I stood were obviously wet. He manhandled the
bawling girl over to the opposite side of the room where several
chairs were placed along the wall. I noticed there was a wall
panel with the plug socket and voltage control near to each of
the chairs. I was getting my soup and salad when the squealing
started. I looked over and viewed with horror a girl going
through exactly the same agonies as I had just experienced. She
was being held down and was grinding her pelvis back and forward
on the seat in a desperate attempt to shake away the pain. I
thought how much it looked as if she was masturbating herself
against the chair, except of course for her squealing and
howling. I had to look away as I made my way back to the place
next to Hilda. I sat down, and in between the deafening shrieks
from the tortured girl Hilda addressed the three girls at the
table. "Gi rls, this is Susan. She started today and has been
transferred here from Borstal in the south. I don't want you
teaching her any bad habits, she has enough as it is. Now, enjoy
lunch, wait here until I come and collect you." I could not help
but wonder how anyone could enjoy anything while some poor cow
was having her womanhood scorched with electricity in the same
room. The girl's cries were not as loud now, but oh god how she
pleaded. Desperate wining pleas for mercy as we all sat quietly
watching the big uniformed screw hold her little convulsing body
in place. My three new companions eyed me with passive
disinterest. They were about my age, all of them slim and quite
pretty. One had long dark shiny hair in a plat that I would have
killed for. Next to her was a tall blond girl who looked
Scandinavian, and I sat next to a girl with very short light
brown hair, almost boyish but she had lovely green eyes. She
turned to me. "Hello Susan, I'm Trace, that's Lynn and that's Chl
oe. We've all been here 6 months, so what are you in for" I was
about to reply when the blond Chloe said "Sex" Then Lynn said,
"Drugs" and Tracey and I chorused "Rock n' roll". I smiled, they
didn't. "Well, you are almost right" I volunteered. "Yeah, Yeah,"
said Tracey. "But how long will it take you to figure out why you
are really here?" The three of them swapped knowing glances.
"What?" I was not sure what they meant. I started to worry that
they might suspect that I was serving the rest of my sentence
here to avoid the gang, maybe word had already got out. "What do
you mean?" I sounded a little shaky. Lynn piped up. "It's OK
luvvie, when you've been here a little while you will realise
everyone here has something in common, and when it dawns on you,
you'll know what we're on about." The conversation stopped there,
the three of them went back to their meals, I looked over at the
girl who was still in the last throes of her ordeal the current
having subsided but the pain o bviously continuing to knot her
insides. Soon she was being lead away by the screw who still had
her little white panties in his hand. "What happens to her now?"
I asked. Tracey turned to me her voice sounded laboured as if she
were talking to a retard. "Well, she should go to medical and
have her cunt cleaned out and be given new knickers to wear so
long as she promises not to come all over them again. But, seeing
as her screw is Robson, she'll probably get to spend the next
hour having her arse fucked out and drinking his come. If she
doesn't she'll be connected back up again for another jolt." So,
it was just like any other Borstal or prison except the
punishments were more horrible. Basically the screws could use
you just as they liked and there was nothing you could do about
it. I lost my appetite after my soup.

After a while Robson walked past us dragging his weeping quarry
off to suffer more horrors. The look in the poor girl's face was
that of someone about to face death in all it's forms. As the two
of them shuffled out past the swing doors Hilda walked in. "Come
along now Susan, we have a lot to learn, take your things to the
counter and come straight back." I did as I was told and we were
on our way across the yard in minutes. "I am going to show you
the toilet block now Susan. If you are in class or at any time
outside you room you are expected to wait until the break times
to use the toilet. You must get permission from your class tutor.
You will leave your underpants with your tutor who will give you
a pass. The pass is handed to the attendant who will sign it when
you have finished. You can only get your underpants back from the
tutor on production of a signed pass." It sounded absolutely
ludicrous. "Furthermore if you are ever found without your pants
when not in possession of a pass or a vacuum pump then you will
be punished. Also if you do not get a pass you will not be
admitted to the toilet block. If you are found going to the
toilet anywhere else, or if you soil yourself through not going
to the toilet in good time, you will be severely punished, and I
mean severe Susan, we are usually talking about thirty volts for
that offence." I was dumbfounded at how complicated it seemed to
be to simply relieve oneself. I was soon to be further sickened
by the quirks of the establishment I now found myself in.

We were approaching what looked like and old style bandstand. A
raised hexagonal platform with a cone shaped roof and posts at
each of the six corners. On the platform at each edge were two
raised posts about a foot high and three feet apart. The platform
had steps up and there was a small booth in the centre with a
screw sitting at it. Behind him was a large steel trough with the
sound of running water coming from it. "Here we are Susan, this
is where you will go to the toilet." I stared at her. "But, but
where is it?" She shook her head. "I think we will just wait here
until someone comes to use it and you will see how it works."
Sure enough as the girls were emerging from the canteen a few
were making their way purposefully over in our direction. As they
got closer some of them seemed to dawdle as they saw Hilda and I
standing near the block. One girl however continued to march
toward us. She was tall and slim with her hair in a pony tail
similar to my own. She was looking down as she approached and
when she looked up she stopped in her tracks as she saw Hilda.
"It's alright Millicent we have seen it all before, come along
now please" The girl pouted and shuffled up to the steps. As she
climbed up, the wind caught her short skirt and I got
confirmation that she wore no panties. She handed a piece of
paper to the screw. He snatched it, his hands revealed he was
wearing surgical gloves. He then gave Millicent a white plate and
a glass jar. She turned to look at me with a look of disdain. She
walked across the platform to one of the pairs of posts. Stooping
down she placed the plate and jar between them on the floor. Then
I noticed there was a thick knotted rope hanging from the roof
over the two short posts. She took it in both hands and steadied
herself with it as she stepped up onto the posts, one foot on
each. It was at this point that I noticed that the posts had
vaguely foot-shaped recesses in them. Millicent then slowly bent
her knees and waist to assume a tight squatting position. With
her feet thus spread her hips sank low between her feet. She held
the rope until she had her balance right. In this position her
skirt hung down at the back and was bunched up at the front. Her
cunt and arsehole were completely exposed and positioned over the
plate. The wire tail ran out of her vagina and dissappeared in
the crease at the top of her thigh. She adjusted the the wire
slightly so as not to obstruct either her butt or her pee hole.
Once settled her hand reached down and picked up the jar. She
held it slightly inclined towards her in front of her wide open
bare slit. She must have been quite desperate to go because in
spite of the fact that Hilda and I were staring straight at her
exposed holes a strong stream of yellow piss soon flowed into the
jar. Her shame was intense. The face was very red and a few tears
began to flow. She took a breath and as she did so her bowels
opened and the first of her turds was extru ded from her pink
sphincter and slopped down onto the centre of the plate. I felt
sick, Hilda made me look at the distressed girl do the rest of
her dirt in a pile in front of us. "All your bodily functions are
out in the open here Susan, we remind you just who and what you
are here girl and this certainly avoids all the "goings on" that
you will be used to from your borstal toilets hmmm?" The memory
of having my head placed in a toilet bowl and flushed repeatedly
while two bull dykes fucked both my holes out with broom handles
made me think that maybe she had a point. Millicent seemed to
have finished defacating and had placed the jar of piss down on
the floor next to the plate. She now squatted with her right arm
raised. The screw was walking around the platform with a was of
toilet tissue. He stopped in front of the girl who took the
tissue and began cleaning herself. She dabbed her pussy first.
Her clit was not as enlarged as some of the girls, so I assumed
she was quite new and had not been using the vac pump for long.
She spent a long time cleaning her butt hole, actually wrapping
the paper around her finger and inserting it a little way. The
used paper was dropped on to the plate of shit below her. The
screw then ran his index finger over her cunt and right down to
her newly wiped butt. He then scrutinised his latex gloved
finger. Hi looked up, then at Hilda, and then back at the girl
and shook his head slowly. The girl, wailed, "Oh no, no, I am
clean, please don't do this, I'm clean and you are only saying
I'm not so that new bitch can see what happens if you don't clean
up properly. Pleeease, its not fair I don't deserve it!" She was
very upset but neither Hilda nor the screw paid her any heed. The
screw had gone back over to the desk and was heading back now
holding a small bucket and another wad of tissue. As he got back
to the weeping girl, he withdrew a coarse scrubbing brush from
the soapy water in the bucket. I caught a whiff of disinfectant.
He shook the excess water off the brush and then proceeded to
pull Millicent's tail wire so that it passed vertically from her
vaginal opening along her slit past her clit where he held it
against her. He then pressed the hard bristles on to the
protesting girl's cunt and draw it down slowly to her arse.
Millicent started to bleat and plead with him. Her little squeals
of anguish carried across the yard attracting a small group of
onlookers as the screw continued to draw the hard brush firmly
and briskly over her exposed holes. The brush was rinsed and re-
applied several times until Millicent had a very red and angry
looking crotch. Eventually the screw took the wad of tissue and
dried the sore scrubbed flesh while the traumatised girl sobbed
bitterly. She was allowed to haul herself up and her modesty was
restored as her skirt fell back into place. She stepped slowly
down from the posts and picked up the full jar and plate. She
slopped out at the trough, and w alked rather stiffly back to the
screw who was writing on her piece of paper. He handed it back to
her, she looked at it and burst into tears. "Off you go" He
barked. She took one last look in our direction before gingerly
stepping down from the platform and walking quickly, if rather
uncomfortably, back towards the buildings. "You see now Susan,
scrupulous cleanliness is important here. And, Millicent was
insolent to the guard, so, when her class tutor reads the
endorsement on her pass she will be punished harshly for that."
My heart was racing. Poor girl, would she be plugged in and
zapped? "Come along Susan you can learn what happens to girls who
are insolent. We will go and look in on Millicent's class and see
what her tutor has in store for her when she reads the
endorsement." I looked at Hilda's face, I'm sure she was enjoying
the thought of poor Millicent being horribly treated. "Will she
be punished with the electric contact ma'am?" I asked the
question genuinely out of curiosity, remembering my own nasty
experience of that vicious punishment method and also that of the
poor girl in the canteen. "It is certainly one of the options
open to us, but I would not be surprised to find that a good dose
of the whip on the bare backside in front of her class mates will
be prescribed in this case. It is very effective, and the girls
are always shocked to see the blood Susan, you don't get blood
with the contact, it's very clean and clinical. A good noisy
whipping with some blood is sometimes needed to bring insolent
girls back into line." The words left me chilled and frightened.
There had been no "official" corporal punishment at borstal. The
screws however used to improvise, and I remembered vividly being
taught to give good head to one of them. He had schooled me with
his leather belt on my backside when I failed to suck or use my
tongue in the correct way. I will never forget how much he hurt
me and how much I had screamed for mercy as he cov ered my naked
flesh with deep red welts. He had not drawn blood though, so I
could only begin to imagine the horrors that young Millicent
would soon be subjected to. "We still have half an hour before
class starts Susan and all this talk of blood has reminded me
that I have not shown you the procedure to be followed when you
start your menstrual period. Perhaps we should go and visit
matron so that you will be prepared." I looked at her
quizzically; her tone of voice indicated that there was something
to be scared of in all this. I remembered she had discarded all
my tampons and I had told her I was due to come on in about four
days time. I started to wonder how menstrual flow would get past
the contact. It was so firmly sealed over my cervix with the
metal shaft implanted into the neck of the womb where it most
effectively distributed it's electrical pulses through the tender
muscle to the ring-shaped contact which surrounded it and rested
firmly on it's surface. I shuddere d at the thought of the
terrible device and the fact that I was wearing one which could
be plugged in and used to torture me and reduce me to a squealing
pleading wreck at the touch of a button. "Are we to wear the
contact when we get our period ma'am?" Hilda looked round at me
questioning my curiosity. "No Susan we make special arrangements
for you, all will be explained soon enough." We were at the door
to the medical block where I had had the tremendous orgasm
followed by the horror of the contact being fitted and tested. As
we went through the door Hilda caught up with the nurse that had
been at the desk that morning. "Have you got any new bleeds in at
the moment?" The nurse looked round. "Oh, yes two have just
turned up. They are in the examination room, Harris will be
kitting them out shortly." Hilda nodded and came back over to me.
"Good, you will be able to see two girls going through the
procedure which is so more instructive than having it all
explained, come with me and pay attention." We walked in to the
examination room. Standing by the couch were two girls, both
sullen and tearful. They both wore red sweatshirts and they were
barefoot. They wore nothing else but a pair of heavily
bloodstained white panties. "Here we are Susan, these two have
started bleeding today. When you are due to bleed, you report to
class without your contact fitted and wearing the red jersey. You
are not permitted to wear your skirt or footwear. When the blood
starts to flow you ask your tutor for permission to report here
for your sanitary equipment." I felt the terrible embarrassment
of the two girls and imagined walking past the guards and all the
other male staff with bloodstained pants so obviously on view.
This place took humiliation to a new level. The door swung open
and nurse Harris came in, "Hullo Hilda, Susan, come to find out
about the regulations on sanitary wear have you?" I nodded.
"Well, we are not very sophisticated I'm afraid. We like to m ake
you very aware that you are bleeding so we don't cover anything
up. Here, these two have to change out of their dirty pants and
put on as sanitary belt." She held up one of two old fashioned
belts with the two clips hanging down where the towel would be
fastened. These things went out with the Ark I thought. The two
girls carefully stepped out of their panties and stood up with
their cunt lips and clits glistening red with blood and showing
obvious signs of the vacuum pump having been applied. Each of
them was handed one of the thin belts which they fastened around
their waist and adjusted so that the clips were positioned front
and back. They were so ashamed they avoided my gaze totally.
Harris then handed them a long bulky sanitary pad each. One a day
to be worn while you are walking from class to breaks, during
breaks and at meal times. There are 'special' seating
arrangements for class time and you get to be excused from
physical exercise class in favour of a session with the
punishment mistress." All this washed over me, I could not take
it in. these poor girls, and probably me in only four days time
were made to parade around with the horrible and obvious sanitary
pad fitted for the entire world to see! God only knew what she
meant about the seating arrangements, I guess I would find out
soon enough. Also the idea of having to visit a punishment
mistress simply because of your period was quite chilling. The
girls were ready, humiliated and sobbing they were sent out and
back to their class. Hilda turned to me, "So you see Susan we
don't pretend we can run and jump and ride horses when we bleed.
A curse is a curse and by god you will believe it while you are
in our care." She really scared me with the way she said that.
The word care seemed particularly incongruent given the
circumstances. "Come along then, I think we need to run along so
we don't miss the start of little Millicent's punishment, I think
one of those two is in the same class so you can see what happens
to bleeders in the classroom. We have to make things a little
more intense for them as they have no contact fitted to snap them
into line." Hilda led me off back out into the yard thanking
Harris for her time.

