The Pool Party 
by AJPages

Part 03

"Shit!" Jack muttered, quickly sitting up on the bed in front of me, attempting to provide some cover as laughter chorused from the apparent crowd in the hall.

My instinct was to curl into a ball and roll to my side to hide myself. Then I felt the bed shift as Jack got up, making quick strides to the door.

"Alright, back off, guys. Give us some space." I heard him say.

"I thought the open door was an invitation?!" asked a male voice that sounded like Pete's.

"Just go back out to the pool. We'll be out in a few minutes," Jack grumbled.

And then I heard the door close, which muffled the sounds from the hallway. More voices and a thud against the wall as someone apparently slipped, nearly falling.

"Fuck! Can you grab me one of those towels? You guys soaked the entire floor!" Pete's muffled voice yelled.

"We did?! It was your idea to come watch!" someone else yelled back. Maybe Johnny.

The rest got drowned out as the others made their way back down the hall and out of the house.

I finally moved to sit up on the bed, then stood to put the bikini bottoms back on, tying the strings once again.

"I'm sorry about that," Jack said, coming to sit on the edge of the bed closest to me. "I should've closed the door."

I shook my head, blushing, biting my lip. I knew I was just as complicit as Jack, and couldn't let him take responsibility for what happened. "It's not your fault," I told him, trying to force a smile. "It's fine." Again, there was that crazy, out-of-control feeling I got from being with Jack that I hadn't yet been able to get a handle on. That moment felt like a kind of wake-up call in terms of how far I was letting myself go.

But then I thought about the situation from Jack's perspective and realized he must've been feeling weird about it, too. The others were his coworkers, after all. "Is that going to make things really weird for you? We can just leave if you want."

Jack looked away, shaking his head. Once again that avoidance, making me think there was something he wasn't telling me.

"What is it?" I asked, curious and a bit concerned.

Jack sighed. "I have to tell you something."

I suddenly had a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach, but my brain couldn't even compute any worse-case scenarios to imagine. I had no idea what Jack was about to say.

"I may have told those guys some things about you. Or us, I should say."

My eyes widened a bit, eyebrows raising. At that point, I had a feeling I knew what Jack was going to say next and felt a full-on flush coming on, heat already rising in my cheeks. "What things?" I asked, bracing myself.

"I sort of set this pool party up as a surprise for you, because of the fantasy you shared with me. I ended up talking to Claire about it a little first, and Johnny, and it sort of just snowballed from there."

I found it difficult to maintain eye contact with Jack at that moment, remembering the conversation he was referring to. It was during and after sex a few weeks ago, one of many times we'd discussed different fantasies we'd each had, and things we wanted to try. Jack had named some things like hooking up in his office and trying anal sex - fantasies I had readily fulfilled for him on my own since then.

My fantasies were a bit more involved, though. I had felt crazy just saying some of it aloud, but I trusted Jack, and we'd been so open with each other about everything so far that I felt safe telling him. But hearing that he'd ended up telling his coworkers what I wanted and inviting them to a pool party where they were expecting it to happen caused me to doubt my instincts.

"What are you thinking?" he asked, keeping me from getting too lost in my head.

I told him the gist of what was running through my mind at that point.

Jack shook his head when he heard my concern and clarified, "There are no expectations for today. I made it very clear to those guys that you'd be in charge and they shouldn't count on anything actually happening."

I just nodded slowly, still processing.

Jack continued, airing out some of his guilt. "I'm sorry Jess, I realize now that it was really stupid and shitty to spring this on you. I just wanted to surprise you, I guess. And to do something special for you, to let you know how much I like you and like being with you. The thing is though, lately, and especially after what happened at my place earlier today, I've been having second thoughts about all of it myself. I don't know if I feel like I'd want to share you with anyone else."

Hearing Jack's confession threw me for a loop yet again. I realized that, even after finding out that he'd shared my most personal thoughts and desires with not one but 6 of his coworkers, I still couldn't bring myself to feel betrayed by him. I trusted what he was telling me, that his heart was in the right place, and he really did just want to help make my fantasies come true.

Still, when he followed up by asking what I thought, I told him I wasn't sure. "I think I need some time to think about it."

"Yeah, of course," he agreed, easily.

But the problem remained. "Although I'm not sure there's a way to go back out to the party without things feeling incredibly awkward at this point."

Jack laughed a little, breaking some of the tension. "Maybe not."

I smiled back, feeling the heat rise back up in my cheeks, though it was feeling like more of a comfortably excited flush. The way I always seemed to feel when I was with him. "I definitely think the gold bikini would be overkill," I teased.

The corner of Jack's mouth crooked up into a grin as he shook his head. "Don't think you're getting out of that. Not until I pull those strings loose again, anyway."

I laughed. As self-conscious as I knew I would feel going back out to the pool like this, knowing what the others had all just witnessed and what they already knew. I had to admit there was a certain thrill in the idea. So I decided not to fight Jack on it anymore.

With one final check to make sure all the gold fabric was in place, I let him take my hand and lead me out of the room. We stepped carefully over puddles and towels on the floor in the hallway and made our way back out into the kitchen, stopping to get fresh drinks before heading back outside.

I poured myself a double shot of tequila, downing it before starting on my next vodka lemonade, hoping that it would take away some of the anxiety.

Jack watched as I poured and took the shot, smiling playfully at me and chuckling a little.

I laughed back. "Want one?" I asked him.

In response, Jack grabbed himself a shot glass and slid it over to me. I poured another shot for each of us, and we took them together.

***

The others were all hanging around the pool. Claire and Johnny each sat on the edge of the deck with their feet dangling into the water while the others were in the water playing a game of keep-up with a beach ball. Everyone's drinks were scattered around the edge of the deck.

As soon as Jack and I stepped back outside, there were some cheers and whistles. None of the others seemed interested in pretending they hadn't seen and heard what they did. There were some compliments for Jack, for his skills. And for me, for my performance as well.

Jack and I just looked at each other as the others continued their taunting, smiling, and letting it play out. Eventually, Jack had to speak up and tell them to knock it off, and they did, mostly.

We joined them in the pool. I got all compliments for my bikini, foremost from Claire.

"Damn Jess, that suit!" she said.

Something about the way she looked at me, or where she was looking when she said that made me blush yet again. I hoped my "Thanks" sounded casual. There was some snickering and laughing at the other end of the pool, though.

As the afternoon went on, things mostly remained casual. We all kept drinking and talking, playing different games in the pool while music emanated from speakers. They talked a lot about things that had happened at the office, of course. But they were all good about filling me in on the important details so that I'd get the gist.

But then things took a bit of a turn as we made it to evening, and everyone had had plenty to drink. I was getting another refill for Jack and I at one point, and Pete came to join me in the kitchen. I felt uncomfortable right away but tried to hide it, just smiling back at him when he came in. He got himself another beer and opened it, then stood in my path as I tried to make my way back out to the deck.

"Are you having fun so far, Jess? We haven't been boring you too much with the work talk, I hope?" he asked.

"No," I laughed. "I'd heard a few of those stories from Jack already, but it's funny to hear everyone else's perspectives."

Pete laughed along. "Yeah, I bet. I guess it's good to know that Jack's been telling you some things, too. Wouldn't want to think that the storytelling was all one-sided," he said with a wink.

Uh oh. Here we go. I felt myself tense, anticipating what he might say next. But I was also curious, so I tried to control the situation myself. "What exactly did he tell you?"

Pete's eyes widened. "You don't know?"

I shrugged. "He told me the gist of it. But not the specifics."

Pete nodded, smirking and taking a step closer. "Well, he may have told us about your little after hours adventure at the office last month. I definitely put in a word with management about getting some security cameras set up after hearing about that missed opportunity. Would've loved to see the show."

I felt the heat rush to my cheeks and neck, remembering the night Pete was referring to, when Jack had snuck me into his office after everyone else had gone for the day. There were a lot of things he could've told Pete and the others about that night. The thought caused a slight stirring between my legs, but I was still feeling stuck somewhere between excited and embarrassed. I tried to fight the insecurity away, holding my head up and asking, "Is that all he told you?"

Pete kept smiling at me, curiously. "You mean other than what you want from all of us? And the real reason we're all here tonight? Let me tell you, I was more than happy to offer my house up when Jack told us about your fantasy. Wanted to make sure I'd be on the guest list."

Fuck. Pete took another step closer, and I could feel myself reacting to him, despite myself. Still, I felt a need to hold back. "Jack also said he told you all that I'm not really sure about any of it," I said firmly, taking a step back.

His smirk turned slightly more menacing. "I find it hard to believe that you would tell your boyfriend that you want to be fucked by other people if you weren't already sure you wanted it."

Before I could think about how to respond, Jack came into the house, looking for me. "Everything okay?" he asked me, looking first to Pete, then meeting my eyes.

"Yeah, I'm fine," I told him, not sure how well I was hiding my frustration.

"Just getting a refill," Pete answered, grinning and holding up his drink.

Jack seemed uneasy watching Pete. "Can we talk?" he asked me.

I didn't answer right away, but Pete got the hint, looking between us. "I'll give you two a minute."

Once we were alone, Jack moved closer to me in the kitchen. "What was that all about?"

"I just had to hear from Pete that your friends all know about what happened at your office."

I met Jack's eyes. He looked conflicted.

"Why didn't you tell me they knew about that?"

Jack hesitated. Then, "I don't know. I said I told them some things."

I rolled my eyes. "Well now would be a great time to elaborate!"

"I'm sorry! I really didn't mean for them all to find out. I only told Claire and Johnny about it, one night when we went out for drinks after work, but I guess Johnny told Ari, and then he told Pete. And it was pretty tough to keep a lid on it once Pete found out. I've just been nervous that it might get back to our supervisor and I could get in trouble or even fired. But I'm sorry for not thinking more about how you'd feel."

I wasn't sure what to say to that, taking it all in.

"I'm guessing you probably want to go now?" Jack guessed when I didn't respond.

It felt like a jab, hearing Jack being so dismissive suddenly. I just decided to let it go and go along with what he was saying. "Yeah, I'm not sure there's much of a chance that things will get any less awkward."

Jack nodded. "Okay. Can you give me a bit to sober up? I'll start drinking water."

I shook my head. "No, it's okay. I think I'm just gonna request an Uber. You should stay."

"All the way back to the city?"

"No, just to the train station. I'll take the train home." Then, when Jack gave me a pleading look, I added, "It's fine. You stay and have fun. I'm gonna go get changed."

And with that, I left the fresh drinks on the counter and headed down the hall to the guest room again, where I'd left my stuff. I got a weird feeling, coming back into the room and seeing the bed, remembering everything that had happened earlier with Jack, and how good it had felt. It was fairly depressing letting the party end this way. I sat on the bed next to my stuff for a few minutes before changing, thinking about everything I'd found out, and everything that had happened so far that day. I knew I was trying to talk myself into staying and whatever that would include. But I wasn't sure if I really wanted to do it for myself, or if I would just be doing it to please Jack, not to mention the others. It was something I'd been thinking about for quite a while, but suddenly facing an opportunity to make my fantasy a reality was overwhelming. I tried thinking through some specifics about what might happen. What would I want? What might they ask for? What did Jack want? He'd said earlier that he wasn't sure anymore whether he was ok with sharing me. Could he have already told the others to back off? If I decided to go along with at least some of it, would he try to talk me out of it?

Just then, there was a light knock on the door that jolted me out of my thoughts.

"Jess? Can I come in?"

It was Claire. I got up and walked to the door, opening it slowly. "Hey."

"Hey," she said with a cautious smile. "Can we talk?"

I moved aside to let Claire in, closing the door again once she was inside.

She came right in and sat on the bed facing me, her towel wrapped around her waist. "I just wanted to say that I'm really sorry about how uncomfortable this whole thing must feel for you. And for Jack. I'm sorry those other guys are handling it so poorly."

I remained standing, arms crossed over my chest in a defensive stance, and shrugged. "I'm not sure I'd take too much of the blame from Jack's shoulders."

Claire shook her head. "I know you're upset that he told us anything without checking with you first, but he really wasn't doing it in a douchey way. When he talked to Johnny and I, it was really sincere. I believe that he just wanted to figure out a way to give you what you wanted, with people he trusts."

I wasn't sure what to say to that, so I didn't.

"I wish you would stay so we could at least talk some more. We don't have to talk about anything you don't want to, but I'm really enjoying getting to know you so far, and Jack can't say enough good things. You're really special to him, you know."

I felt the heat rising in my cheeks, unable to help the blush. It was nice to hear that Jack thought about me and talked about me with his coworkers and friends. And it felt nice talking to Claire, too. I could see why Jack had thought she'd be a good choice for us to explore with. She was easy to be around from the start, and even if Jack hadn't already talked her up so much, I know I would've wanted to become friends.

"You are, too," I told her. "He talks about you a lot with me, so I guess I can see why he'd feel comfortable talking to you about everything."

Claire smiled. "I promise. That's all it was."

I nodded, deciding to accept what she was telling me, and took a seat on the bed beside her. But I still felt like I needed to know more. "What exactly did he tell you? I think I got the gist from Pete, but I imagine hearing the firsthand account will be more reliable."

Claire rolled her eyes at the mention of Pete. "Yes. Don't mind him. He wasn't even supposed to be involved, but he overheard Johnny and Ari talking and then came up with the whole pool party idea. And none of the rest of us have pools or houses as nice as this, so..."

"Right," I conceded.

"Anyway, to answer your question, Jack only told me you've been wanting to try some new things together lately, and that maybe one of those things would involve another woman. I've been pretty open about different things I've done in the past, so I guess that's how he knew I might be interested."

I suddenly felt a tightening in my chest. It became difficult to breathe normally. But I had to ask. "What things?"

Claire didn't seem to flinch as she answered so casually. "I've had a lot of experiences with both men and women. And couples. And groups. I just really enjoy trying new things, and I don't see the point of feeling self-conscious about it."

I don't think I did a great job of hiding my surprise, because Claire started laughing when she saw my expression.

"I guess Jack hasn't told you as much as I thought."

I laughed, too. "I guess not."

"Hope I'm not making you uncomfortable," Claire said, resting a hand on my bare knee.

I felt a bit of a jolt when she touched me and barely stopped myself from pulling back reactively. I knew uncomfortable was not quite the right word, but I was definitely on edge. "No," I stalled, trying to gather my thoughts. "I guess I just feel like I have a million questions that I'm afraid to ask."

"Sure, that makes sense," Claire smiled, not moving her hand. "But don't be afraid. What do you want to know? Like I said, I'm an open book."

I swallowed and nodded, but kept fidgeting with my fingernails, hesitating to answer.

"You want to know more about what I've done?" Claire guessed, her thumb grazing the skin above my knee.

Somehow, I kept myself from sighing or moaning in response. I felt like I was on fire, a sudden throbbing feeling between my legs, which always seemed to happen in reaction to any good dirty talk. Beyond words in that moment, I just nodded my head.

Claire grinned. "Well, I suppose I've just always enjoyed kissing girls more than guys. I generally feel more of a connection. Not to mention going down on girls, whether they're lesbian, or bi, or just curious. And there's something about having a straight woman going down on me that just drives me fucking crazy," Claire explained bluntly.

I felt a throbbing sensation between my legs, so turned on as I pictured it: lying on my back and looking down to see Claire's face between my legs. Then lying on my stomach between Claire's legs, leaning in to taste her. I felt myself tense and knew she could feel it too, her hand still braced on my thigh. I met her eyes and saw that they were hooded with desire. Suddenly, it was difficult to breathe once again.

"And like I said before, I've been hooking up with other couples here and there. It's usually a man and a woman, where the woman is feeling curious to try things with me, and so the whole thing is generally about me hooking up with her while the boyfriend or husband watches. The guys usually want to join in too, of course. So I do that sometimes if I'm into it, and if the other girl is ok with it."

I felt my flush growing exponentially as Claire went on, somehow keeping her cool.

"I've also taken part in a fair amount of group sex, and that sort of thing. I usually find out about it through friends or someone I've hooked up with in the past. Those have been mostly coed, but I went to one party with all women. That was really fun, too."

I wasn't sure how to respond, feeling closer and closer to exploding, in the best way possible.

Claire was patient, her hand sliding ever so slightly higher on my thigh as she spoke. But she didn't push me to respond to anything she was telling me.

Finally, I felt a need to speak up, so I said, "I guess I'm curious about a lot of that stuff."

Claire's smile widened. "The you and me stuff?"

I nodded. "And the threesome or group stuff. And being watched."

Claire smiled back. "Well, I think that can definitely be arranged."

I blushed deeper still. Even with all the drinks I'd consumed that afternoon, I wasn't sure I had enough liquid courage to make a move and go for it. Luckily, Claire seemed willing to meet me where I was at.

"You know, the more we talk about this, the more I really want to kiss you," she admitted. "Would that be alright?"

Before I'd fully processed the question, I felt myself responding, agreeing with a nod.

And then Claire was leaning in and kissing me. It started slowly, gently. Her lips felt soft and warm, pillowy on mine. I was still tense, wound tight with nerves, but I tried to loosen up and get into it as I felt Claire slowly, gradually, taking things further. First, her hand cupped my face, her thumb gently stroking my cheek. Then her head tilted to the side a bit as her tongue slowly traced the outline of my lips, requesting entrance. Her other hand started sliding further up my thigh. I shivered when I felt that, lips parting, my body wordlessly asking for more. I turned to face her, one knee bending as I brought my leg up onto the bed between us. Claire turned to face me as well, and I brought my hands to her hips before my fingertips glided up her bare back, ending up in her wet hair. Together, we deepened the kiss until we were making out, soft moans passing between our mouths, hands roaming freely.

Claire's hand slid from the top of my thigh over my hip until she was grabbing and squeezing my ass.

"Your ass looks so hot in this bikini," she murmured against my lips.

I sighed, my pussy clenching with the compliment, and arched closer to her, biting my lip reactively.

Claire smiled when she noticed and kissed me again, sucking my bottom lip into her mouth and taking a turn at biting it while she gave my ass another squeeze.

My next moans came out as more of a whimper as Claire sucked on my tongue. I felt the progress of her hand, from my ass, back over my hip, then to my front. The backs of her fingers trailed over my stomach along the edge of the bikini bottoms with featherlight touches. Then she slid her hand under the fabric. I gasped and shuddered when I felt her touch, and then moaned as I felt her fingers sliding between my lips, dipping inside of me.

"Mmmm," Claire moaned, feeling how wet I already was. "That's not just from the pool, is it?"

I smiled and laughed a little, shaking my head. "No."

"What do you want, Jess?"

I sighed again, closing my eyes temporarily, to focus on the feeling of Claire's fingers rubbing me, letting the pleasure influence my response. "I want everything you just talked about. I want to feel your mouth on me. And I really want to try doing that to you, too."

Claire was smiling when I opened my eyes. "I really want that, too."

I smiled back, gasping again as her fingers pushed in a bit deeper. "Fuck."

Claire pulled me into another kiss as she fingered me, deeper and faster than before. Then she forced herself back again. "Do you want it to be just us, like this?" she asked. "Or do you want any of the guys to see?"

As distracted as I was by Claire's fingers still moving inside of me, I tried to take a moment to think about what she was asking, considering what I actually wanted. I realized that, truthfully, I knew I wanted at least Jack to be there with us. Though I wouldn't have been opposed to the others watching, too. The idea was at least as exciting as it was daunting.

"I want Jack," I answered finally, feeling unable to say much more than that with my limited focus.

Claire smiled, then pulled back, telling me to get him.

I reached for my phone, opting to text him rather than leaving the room to find him. "Come to the guest room," I typed.

As soon as I sent the text, I tossed the phone away and turned my attention back to Claire, smiling. She smiled too as I pulled her closer, into another kiss. She kept touching me, and I kept moaning and cursing into the kiss.

Then Claire's hands were on the move. She paused when she reached for the tied strings of my bikini on my hips. With a quick tug, the strings on both sides came undone, and the fabric in front and back fell away.

We both pulled back from the kiss, looking down at my bare pussy, my legs spread wide in that position.

I was breathing fairly hard, watching her every move. But I didn't stop her.

Claire pulled the suit away, looking up at me and smiling appreciatively. Then she went back to rubbing, first using the backs of her fingers to rub over my smooth skin. Then she held out her middle and pointer fingers and used them to rub along my slit.

I sighed and moaned as I felt Claire's fingers curl up to rub between my lips and over my clit before sliding inside me again. I gasped when I felt it.

Then Claire was rubbing her other hand up my thigh again, to my waist, gently urging me to lean back a bit, onto my elbows. She leaned over me to kiss me once again, cupping my breasts one at a time, pinching my hard nipples through the fabric of my bikini top.

I gasped, and felt my hips writhing a bit, grinding on Claire's fingers as she touched me.

When she felt that, Claire pulled back to keep sliding her fingers into me, picking up the pace. Her other thumb reached down to roll over my clit as her fingers pumped into me harder and harder, curling up a bit as they stroked me from the inside.

Breathing heavier, I heard a string of involuntary moans and curses pouring out as the pressure mounted, my pussy squeezing around Claire's fingers.

Then there was a soft knock on the door.

"Jess?"

It was Jack. I struggled to keep my voice steady as I called for him to come in.

Claire and I looked at each other and grinned.

"Don't stop!" I pleaded.

I turned towards the door when I heard it opening, and watched Jack come into the room, his eyes widening when he saw us.

"Fuck," he muttered, coming into the room and closing the door behind himself right away.

"It's okay," I told him. "You can leave it open."

Jack stared back at me. "Are you sure?"

I nodded and smiled at him, answering breathlessly as Claire kept up the motions of her fingers inside of me. "Yes, I'm sure."

Jack reopened the door, then moved further into the room, coming to stand near us, leaning against a desk against the wall. He just watched us, mesmerized, rubbing himself through his trunks.

I kept looking back and forth between him and Claire, and noticed that she was doing the same thing, smiling as she watched my expressions.

"I really want to taste you now," she said. "Would that be okay?"

"Fuck," I muttered, throwing my head back and whimpering. But then I forced myself to lean back up and nod, smiling up at her.

Claire pulled back then, tugging on my hand to urge me onto the bed further. She knelt up on the bed and pulled me into another kiss, her arms coming around me. One hand tugged the bottom string of my bikini top loose while the other caressed and squeezed my ass.

I moaned into her mouth and helped her to pull my top off. Her hands immediately replaced the fabric on my breasts, cupping them and then squeezing, thumbs rolling over my hard nipples. My fingertips dug into her waist while she touched me, and then I pulled the towel off of her and started helping her to peel her suit off, too. As I did, she leaned down to roll her tongue around each of my nipples, then sucking on my breasts.

"Ohhhh god," I moaned, my head rolling back again.

"Fuck!" I heard Jack curse and turned back to him to see that he had his cock out, stroking. My pussy clenched at the sight, my whole body tingling with arousal and need.

Claire pulled my attention back, urging me to lie down with her hands on my hips. I lay back with my head on the pillow, and she moved between my legs.

"God, you're both so sexy," Jack said. "It's so hot that you want this, Jess."

"I agree," Claire added with a smile as her head moved down closer to me. "You're a lucky guy, Jack."

I squirmed with anticipation and excitement, breathing hard and keeping my eyes trained on Claire. She held my thighs down and leaned in. I shuddered as I felt the first tickle of pleasure from her tongue on my lips.

"Ohhhhh fuck!" I gasped.

Claire moaned and kept flicking her tongue on me. Then she used more of her lips. I leaned up on my elbows to watch, not wanting to miss a moment. She continued teasing me with her tongue and lips, sucking here and there and dipping her tongue inside of me for a taste, moaning. My chest heaved and my stomach twitched and clenched as I watched. Then Claire gradually made her way up to my clit, using her fingers and tongue to rub over it. She had to press down on my hips as they started arching up towards her, wanting more. But then I felt her mouth pressing down harder, stroking and sucking on my clit. She kept going, licking and sucking and using her fingers expertly. It wasn't long before I could feel myself ready to fall over the edge.

"Fuck, I'm gonna come!" I moaned, throwing my head back against the pillow, reaching down to rub Claire's arm and comb my fingers into her hair. "That feels so fucking good!"

Claire moaned and pulled back just a moment to tell me to do it. "I want you to be louder. When you come, don't hold back," she commanded, her fingers still thrusting into me, curling and rubbing, pressing into my inner wall.

"Ohhhhh fuck!" I whimpered.

Jack groaned and seconded Claire's thought. "Yes. Let them all hear you coming from outside. Let them hear how loud you can be, Jess. You're so fucking sexy."

I knew that I wanted to do what they were asking of me. But beyond that, it felt out of my control. The yells and curses and loud moans seemed to flow out of me as I rolled over the edge, my hips bucking and whole body writhing, holding Claire's head down against me and rubbing my pussy against her face as she moaned appreciatively. I was still coming down, thighs shaking, when I heard the trampling footsteps coming down the hall. And then we had an audience.

I opened my eyes to find the other guys piling into the room, crowding around, their eyes on Claire and I.

"Fuck, did we miss the good part?!" Pete asked.

"Sounded like it," Scott replied.

The guys all watched Claire and I as I came down, loosening my grip on Claire's head.

"Is this cool?" Ari asked Jack, his way of asking permission to be there.

Jack looked at me and nodded. "It's what Jess wants."

I smiled back, then looked down to Claire as she pulled back from me, smiling and moaning, wiping her mouth.

"That was so hot," she breathed, licking her lips.

I bit mine, grinning back at her and laughing a little. "Yeah, it was. That felt so good."

"Better than Jack?" Pete asked, always the one to press buttons.

I looked at Jack, who didn't seem to be bothered much. He just smiled back at me. "It's okay, you can say that it was."

The others laughed along, and I did too, a little.

Claire was the one who pointed out that they already know Jack clearly has some skills, too, from earlier.

The guys had to concede to her point.

"It's definitely close," I smiled.

Jack smiled back and winked at me.

Then I thought about what I wanted next and said, "Makes me that much more excited to try repaying the favor." I sat up and urged Claire to swap places, eagerly coming to settle between her legs.

Claire grinned widely as she moved to lie down, laughing a little. "I won't say no to that."

I was tentative, nervous to have an audience for my first attempt at this. But I was excited enough to try, so I chose not to let it bother me too much.

Claire seemed to notice my reaction, looking down at me. "Has anyone ever told you they could read you like a book?"

I just looked up, surprised.

Claire laughed. "It's like I can see every one of your thoughts and reactions in your face, or sense them in your movements. It's so sexy to know exactly what you're thinking and feeling," she added, maybe to reassure me if I started looking more unsure. Then she leaned up and pulled me into another brief kiss. "It's okay, just do what you think would feel good. I promise you it will. Don't stress about it."

"Okay," I conceded with a slight smile.

Then I leaned down between Claire's legs and just went for it. I started off gently like Claire had, flicking my tongue up and down along her folds, eager to taste her. Then I gradually pressed harder with my tongue, parting her lips and moving up to her clit, pressing into it. I heard Claire's resounding moan, and it motivated me to continue. Another lick. Then another. Then I rolled my tongue around Claire's clit and sucked on her there, gently. I felt Claire's thighs squeeze around my head and reached to hook my arms around them, diving in further. I just kept thinking about what Claire said, to do what I think would feel good. So I kept rubbing her clit with my tongue and sucking on her, then flicking my tongue light and fast, then rubbing harder and slower. Claire moaned and started bucking her hips under me, so I knew I must be doing something right. Getting that feedback urged me on. I kept going, holding on and pressing in deeper.

There were some muttered curses and comments from the guys around the room.

"Damn."

"That's fucking hot."

"How'd your sorry ass get so lucky?!"

Then laughter.

Johnny spoke to Claire while I was at it. "What says the expert? Seems like Jess is doing a pretty good job there."

Another guy chimed in. Dan, I think. "Yeah, maybe we should take notes."

The others laughed.

Claire laughed along a little, then gasped. "Yeah, it feels fucking good."

After that, I felt the bed dip behind me, on my right side. A hand on the back of my thigh, sliding up to squeeze my ass. I pulled back to look and make sure it was Jack, smiling when I saw him there.

"Don't let me interrupt," he grinned, sliding his hand between my thighs.

"Would I be taking things too far if I made a comment about how fucking hot your ass looks like that, Jess?" Pete asked.

I turned around the other way to look at him, unable to hide my smile. "Oh, now you're concerned with taking things too far?"

Everyone laughed.

I let him off the hook, though. "It's fine. And thanks."

He just smiled back, and I noticed he was stroking himself through his trunks, too.

Jack's fingers started pressing into me, calling my attention back to him. I moaned, but also stopped him after a moment, not wanting to be distracted from making Claire come. So I put my hand on his arm to stop his touch. "That feels really good, but I want to focus on this first. Is that okay?"

There was some more laughter, but Jack just smiled as he retracted his hand. "Yeah, of course. It's so hot knowing how much you've wanted to do this. And that you're letting us watch.

"You know how much I've wanted you to watch."

"Yeah," he grinned. "Back to it then."

So I turned back to Claire, who had been patiently waiting, her hips still writhing slightly under me. We smiled at each other again.

"Sorry," I apologized.

She just shook her head. "Hard not to get distracted like this, I get it."

I knew she was speaking from her experience being in a group setting and appreciated her understanding. But the thought of all of Claire's experiences also motivated me to put more effort into what I was doing. I felt like I was in a contest with myself, and all the past women Claire had been with, wanting to see how fast I could put her over the edge. So I dropped my mouth back onto her and really went all out, thinking about every feeling that spikes pleasure for me and seeking to recreate it.

Sure enough, Claire started writhing and yelling out right away, telling the entire room how good I was making her feel. Then, she started narrating everything she was seeing, letting me know as the other guys started pulling their cocks out and stroking.

"Does it turn you on knowing that there's a room full of men jerking off while they watch you go down on me?" she asked. "Suck on me if you like that."

I followed directions and sucked on Claire's clit, causing her to fall back and arch her head, cursing. Then she looked back up, smiling and laughing. "Are you thinking about what else you might want to do with all of these cocks? What excites you the most? Thinking about them jerking off to you? Coming for you? Or do you want to feel them, too?"

I moaned into Claire's pussy, sucking on her again to signal my response, crossing my legs and squeezing my thighs together as I felt my swollen clit throbbing.

"You want your hands to be busy stroking these hard cocks? What about your mouth? Maybe you want them all standing around you, waiting for their turn?"

"Fuck," I cursed, pulling back from Claire's pussy just slightly, momentarily. "Yesss, I want that." I had to say it, wanting to make sure the entire room heard me.

There were some more muttered curses and groans after that. When I listened carefully, there was also the sound of hands sliding on cocks, moistened with pre-come.

"Yeah?" Claire continued, moaning again as I pressed my mouth back onto her. "Fuck, that's so good. So fucking good," she muttered. "Do you want them to fuck you, too? Taking turns? Or do you want your holes filled all at once?"

I moaned into Claire's pussy, squeezing my legs together and writhing as I focused on making her come.

It didn't take much longer. I felt Claire's legs squeezing around my head again, her hand holding my head in place against her as her hips started bucking up so that my mouth was rubbing against her clit.

"FUCK! I'm coming. Ohhhh god, that's so hot. Yesssssss!" Claire yelled as her body gave into the spasms and convulsions.

I stayed put, still licking and sucking, until I felt her coming down. When she released her grip on my head, I started pulling back slowly, wiping my face a little and smiling.

Claire leaned up onto her elbows, smiling and laughing a little. "That was fucking amazing. God, it's such a turn on knowing that was your first time trying that. You made me come so hard."

I felt my cheeks burning up as I laughed along.

Then Claire sat up further and pulled me in to kiss her again, sucking on my bottom lip, tasting herself.

I moaned, kneeling up to get closer, feeling Claire's hands on me again. She kept pulling me until we were kneeling together, her hands running all over me from my hips and ass up to my breasts, then behind my head, her fingers combing into my hair. Then her mouth started trailing down to my neck, shoulder, collarbone, and finally to my chest again. She took her time licking and sucking on my erect nipples, toying with them with her tongue before sucking them back into her mouth.

I sighed and moaned along, holding Claire's hair back. I was tempted to look around, to see what Claire had been seeing: the roomful of guys stroking their cocks while they watched us. I wanted to see it, but was also nervous about what I'd feel if I met eyes with any of them, and what they might do as soon as I acknowledged them.

Then I felt Claire's fingers trailing over my thighs, coming between my legs. Her fingertips started rubbing my clit in gentle circles. I arched into her touch, wanting more.

"What's next, then?" Claire asked as she touched me. "Time for some cock?"

"Yesss," I breathed, closing my eyes, head leaning back. "But I want to keep feeling you, too. That feels really nice."

Claire was smiling when I opened my eyes again. "Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere."

I smiled back, then forced myself to look around the room. It was overwhelming, to say the least. By now, all the guys were naked and stroking. I took in the various sizes of the guys' cocks, my eyes catching on Pete's. Of course, he was huge. Suddenly, his big dick personality made that much more sense.

He smirked back at me when he noticed my attention lingering, licking his lips. "Ready when you are, babe," he chuckled.

I blushed and forced my eyes away, looking for Jack. I noticed a bit of an uncomfortable look on his face as he took in the interaction between me and Pete, and knew I wanted to do something about that before things went any further.

"I want to talk to Jack first," I said, my eyes locked on him.

After just a moment of awkwardness, Claire spoke up to help me out again. "That sounds like a good idea. Alright boys, sling your cocks this way. Let's go back out to the pool and give these two a minute."

There were some murmurs and groans as the guys pulled back up their swim trunks and filed out, but nothing intelligible.

I moved to sit on the edge of the bed as they left. Then Claire closed the door behind all of them with a final wink at Jack and I.

"Everything okay?" Jack asked as soon as we were alone.

"I was going to ask you," I said. "Did you talk to Pete any more before I texted you?"

"No," Jack said, shaking his head. "I wanted to call him an asshole and maybe even hit him for upsetting you like that, but I know it's really my fault for not telling you everything."

"Maybe," I admitted. "But he's still being an asshole to you. Is he always like that?"

"Pretty much. I really didn't want him to be part of this. I just keep thinking about all the things I should've said or done differently, or not at all."

I softened then, realizing how much Jack was beating himself up. I stood and stepped closer to him, my hands coming to his chest. "It's okay," I told him.

"Yeah?" he asked, searching my eyes for the truth.

I nodded. "I'm not really mad about any of it. I was just surprised, I guess. But Claire told me about how it all happened, and I just appreciate how you were trying to do this for me. To make me happy."

"That's all it was," he affirmed.

"I know. I believe you."

Jack pulled me in and kissed me deeply. My hands slid over his chest and around his back as his fingers dug into my hip, the other hand cupping my cheek. He moaned, and I wondered if he was tasting Claire in my mouth.

We were both breathing hard when I finally pushed back on Jack's chest to end the kiss. I felt and looked at his hard length pressing into my stomach and ached to feel him inside of me again. But there was still something else bothering me.

"What about what you said before, about not feeling sure if you want to share me anymore?"

Jack swallowed. "I guess I do sort of feel like that. But maybe it's equal parts feeling turned on and feeling possessive and jealous."

I smiled. "Well, I only want to do any of it if you want it, too."

"Yeah?"

I nodded. "A big part of the turn on for me would be knowing that you're there watching, wanting me to do all of it, and telling me what you do and don't want me to do. If you think you'd just feel stressed or pissed the whole time, or if you're only going along because you think it's what I want, then we should just go."

Jack took a moment to think, but then shook his head. "No, I want this for you. Watching you with Claire was so fucking hot. Seeing the other guys getting hard and jerking off to you was such a fucking turn on. Knowing how much they want you. But you're mine."

"I am?" I asked, playfully. Biting my lip.

He smiled back and moaned. "Aren't you?"

I laughed. All the worry and thoughts I'd been having about not wanting to let things get too serious with Jack were still there, swirling in my mind. But at that moment, I realized it was a moot point, because I already knew how I really felt.

"I want to be."

There was that flash of light in Jack's eyes again. I felt his fingers digging into my hips again. "Then you are," he breathed, pulling me in and kissing me again, hard.

I moaned into his mouth and pulled him closer, my hands sliding up to his neck, behind his head, combing into his hair and tugging. I started winding one of my legs around him, needing to feel more of him, wanting to wrap my body around his.

Jack groaned and cursed, his hands sliding down to my ass and squeezing, then lifting me and turning me around to sit me up on the desk.

I whimpered, my arms and legs wrapping around him, squeezing, my nails digging into his back and ass.

He held the backs of my thighs, holding my legs around him like that, grinding his hard cock against me.

"Fuck," I gasped, pulling back just slightly to look down at his hard cock pressing against me.

Jack's mouth slid over my cheek to my ear, sucking and nibbling, then to my neck. "I want you so fucking much, Jess," he breathed.

"Ohhh god," I moaned, reaching to stroke him. "I want you, too. I love the way you fuck me. I always think about feeling your cock inside of me. When I'm at home and touching myself, or playing with one of my toys, I always think about your cock."

"Fuck!" Jack pulled back from my neck to grab his cock, rubbing it along my slit.

But just as he was about to push into me, I held him back, pressing a hand against his chest.

"What's wrong?" he asked. "Want me to get a condom?"

"No," I shook my head, smiling. "I think I want them to watch you fuck me, though. I want them to see how much you turn me on. And how hard you make me come when you're inside me."

Jack growled, squeezing my ass, his fingers digging in again.

I bit my lip and moaned with him, smiling. "Would that be okay?"

He nodded right away, smiling. "Yeah, that would be okay," he chucked, kissing me again.

I laughed a little too as he kissed me, squeezing around him again, affectionately.

When Jack pulled back again, he asked, "Want me to call them back in here, then?"

I shook my head coyly. "No, we can go join them out by the pool. It was a bit of a tight squeeze in here anyway."

Jack laughed and cursed again. "Fuck. Okay."

He pulled back further, hesitantly, and reached for his trunks. He pulled them back on and up, tucking his hard cock up into his waistband. Then he found my scattered bikini pieces and handed them to me.

"Thanks," I smiled, putting the suit back on and tying the strings. I thought again about how insecure I'd been just the other day when trying this suit on for the first time, and how Christina needed to threaten me into buying it in the first place. It was almost inconceivable how much everything had developed since then. As soon as I finished retying the strings, Jack smiled and reached out his hand for me to take. I did, and we left the room together, heading back out to the yard to join the others.

***

Jack and I made a stop in the kitchen first to get some fresh drinks. We joked around and laughed as we heard the others' chatter dying down outside as they saw and/or heard us come out into the kitchen. I felt Jack's hand on my hip again, playing with the bikini strings as he took a sip of his beer.

"Are you getting turned on, thinking about all of those hard cocks out there and how much they all want you right now?" Jack asked, leaning in close.

I smiled, biting my lip. "Yes. Are you?"

"Yes," he smiled back.

I laughed. "Are you ready to give them another show?"

He leaned in to kiss the side of my neck, right behind my ear. "Very ready," he whispered, licking and biting my earlobe again.

We started getting carried away again right there. I hooked both index fingers into the waistband of his trunks and tugged him closer, and he kept kissing, licking, and sucking on my neck and shoulder, driving me wild. I felt one of his hands squeezing my ass hard, the other combed into my hair, holding it away from my neck. I reached down to rub him through his trunks, then pulled the string to loosen his waistband and slipped my hand inside. I wrapped my hand firmly around his hard cock and started stroking, earning another groan against my neck.

Then I heard footsteps as someone approached the open doorway from outside. "Are you guys still busy? Up for any more participants yet?"

It was Pete, interrupting again. I knew Jack had basically made his peace with the situation, but I still felt a need to speak up, either on Jack's behalf or my own, or both. So I did. I reluctantly released my grip on Jack's cock and pulled away slightly to look right at Pete, making sure I was speaking loudly enough for the others to hear as well. "Yeah, almost ready. But I need to say something first. I know we're at your house, Pete, but I don't give a shit. I'm only into doing what Jack wants. And you pissed him off by hijacking this party and everything he was trying to plan. So if he wants you to sit out or leave, you're going to. Or we will."

One of the other guys whistled once I'd finished.

Another yelled, "Dammmmn!"

I heard Claire say, "Thank you! That needed to be said."

There was some chuckling too, that gradually died down.

Pete's face was inscrutable at first, but then his grin returned. "Fair enough," he said.

I looked at Jack then, curious what expression I'd find on his face. He looked like he was fighting back a smile and just winked at me.

Then Pete took things a step further. "You're right, I've been too pushy about everything. I'm sorry. No disrespect intended, to either of you."

I just nodded a little, looking at Jack again, to see if he'd accept the apology. Knowing he was really the one that deserved it.

When Jack didn't respond, Pete continued even further. "You've always been a good friend to me, and to everyone, really. So I'm sorry for being such a dick. I totally understand if you don't want me anywhere near you or Jess tonight, and I'll respect that. I'm happy to have you all stay either way. Mi casa es su casa, as they say."

Jack seemed to contemplate. "What do you think?" he asked me, softly.

I shrugged. "It's really up to you."

After another few moments, Jack sighed and let it go. "It's fine," he said to Pete, his hand still on my hip possessively. "As long as you don't say or do anything else to upset Jess, I don't care."

I squeezed my hand around his affectionately.

"Thanks, man," Pete said, sincerely. Then he looked back at me. "Is that okay with you too, Jess?" he asked.

I couldn't tell if it was a sincere question of consent, or if he was trying to tease me into admitting that I wanted his enormous cock. But if his words intended to taunt me, he did a good enough job of hiding it. "Yes, it's fine with me," I answered.

"Cool. So where did we leave off? Do you guys want to go back to the bedroom or hang out by the pool? Or the living room, perhaps?"

"Out by the pool is fine," I answered decisively.

"Right on," Pete agreed, then asking around to see if anyone else needed more drinks before making his way back out to the deck.
