      Good Times 

      Part I
      
      
      Lisa helped Cathy carry the last of the luggage down 
the stairs from the deck and to the car.  Lisa did not want 
it to appear that she was rushing her friend and her 
husband off, but, well, that's exactly what she was doing.  
Cathy and her husband Tom had spent Friday and Saturday at 
the beach with Lisa, Lisa's boyfriend James and with 
Cathy's and Lisa's best friend Susan and her husband 
Charles.   When the last of the Carlton's stuff was brushed 
free of sand and packed in the back of their Suburban, Lisa 
and Susan hugged Cathy and said goodbye, telling her they'd 
all get together for lunch on the following Thursday.
      Something nagged at Cathy.  She turned to Tom and 
said, "Did you get the feeling they were rushing us out of 
there?"
      "Don't be ridiculous, we're the ones that have to get 
home so we can pick up the kids.  We could have stayed if 
we wanted."
      "I guess you're right.  I just get the feeling that 
they didn't want us to stay the extra days, but you're 
right that is ridiculous.  I guess I just wish we could 
stay."
      Lisa and Susan ran back up the stairs and into the 
beach house where Charles and James were waiting.  Lisa and 
Susan both pulled their bathing suit tops off at the same 
time and struck a pose, thrusting their breasts toward the 
guys.
      "Ta da!" said Susan.
      "Its party time!" said Lisa.
      Everything started a couple of months before when Lisa 
and Susan had shopped in the morning, worked out in the 
afternoon, and stopped back by Susan's house where they 
were enjoying a pitcher of margaritas . . .
      
      "Boy," said Susan, "Did we do some damage to the mall, 
or what?"
      "That we did.  I don't know why we had to stop.  I 
still had checks in the check book." 
	"That was fun; Charles will just have to get an extra 
job or two, that's all."
      Lisa laughed and said, "Hmmm, wonder if I could find 
somebody to pay for some of this stuff."
      "Looks to me like James certainly ought to kick in for 
those panties you bought at Victoria's Secret.  I assume 
they're for his viewing and ripping off pleasure." 
	"Susan!"  Lisa took a sip of her margarita.  "Oh, if 
only he would rip them off."
      "Uh oh, sounds like girl talk time.  What do you mean 
if only he would rip them off?"
      "Oh, I don't know.  We've been going out now for about 
eight months and ..."
      "And what?  Surely, you've done the deed by now?"
      "Oh, of course.  It's just that..."  Lisa wrinkled her 
nose, and said, "How did we get on this subject anyway?"
      "Because, I am your life long friend and this sounds 
like we need to talk about sex and, well, my friend, I'm 
always ready to talk about sex."
      They laughed and Lisa said, "Of course you are you 
wanton slut."
      Susan shrugged as if to say, yeah, so what? And poured 
her friend another drink.
      "So," Susan said, "What's going on in the bedroom, or 
is it what's not going on?"
      "Yeah, I guess that is kind of it.  The bedroom is . . 
. well, not much has changed since the first time we did 
it." 
	"It's supposed to change?"
      Lisa playfully slapped Susan on the shoulder, "You 
know, it's just that, well we just don't do much other than 
the same thing, the same way all the time."
      "Well, what is it you do?"   The two friends had gone 
to high school together and this conversation was not a 
whole lot different from some they'd had when they were 
teenagers.  What did you do?  What did he do?  What did it 
feel like?  Susan remembered getting turned on by their 
conversations back then and she felt the fluttery 
beginnings of arousal now.
      "Oh, Susan, you know.  It's lovely and nice and he  

does everything, but . . ."  She blushed and said, "Don't 
you just sometimes want some good ol' down and dirty sex?"
      "Oh yeah baby.  Nothing bad about nasty sex.  Nothing 
at all." 
	"Well, I guess that's it, occasionally I'd like to get 
nasty and he just seems to be too careful of me to get down 
and dirty."
      "Oh, girl, what do you mean by down and dirty?  What 
is nasty sex?"
      "Oh, come on Susan.  You know what I mean."  Lisa was 
starting to feel the same fluttery urges that had Susan 
quietly clinching her thighs.  "He won't even come in my 
mouth.  What's that about?  I thought all guys liked that."
      Susan laughed.  "Yeah, that's been my experience.  
What does he do, make you stop?"
      "He just pulls out.  And then he's so careful not to 
come on my face.  Sometimes I might just like to have him 
come on my face."
      They both laughed and Susan said, "Yeah, I know what 
you mean.  Like I said sometimes the nasty sex is the best 
sex." 
	"I'm not even married like you are.  Does it ever get 
boring with you and Charles?" 
      Susan thought for a moment.  "No.  You know I can 
honestly say it doesn't.  Sometimes it is sweet and gentle.  
And when we want, which is usually, it gets down and 
nasty." 
	"Okay, friend of mine, what am I missing?  What is it 
that y'all do that is down and nasty?" 
	"Oh, you know, everything from coming on my face to 
anal sex.  We do it all."
      "Yeah, that's what I want.  Sometimes I want to scream 
at him to do something different, grab my ass, flip me over 
and have his way with me."
      "Well, why don't you do that, scream at him I mean."
      "It just never feels exactly right."
      "Well, you're getting me turned on just thinking about 
some nasty, nasty sex." 
	"Should I leave before Charles gets home." 
	"Hell, girl, stick around, you might just see some 
nasty sex if you're not careful."
      Lisa gulped down another drink of her margarita. Some 
unbidden images filled a corner of her mind.
      That's when Charles came through the front door.  "I'm 
home."
      "We're back here," Susan said, "Lisa and I are having 
margaritas."
      Charles made his way to the den where the girls were 
drinking their margaritas.   He leaned over and kissed his 
wife and then went over to hug Lisa.  Right in the middle 
of his hug, Susan said, "We were just talking about nasty 
sex."
      He felt Lisa freeze, just as he did, and then 
laughing, he turned to Susan.  "You were what?"
      "We were talking about nasty sex."
      "Susan!"  Lisa looked at friend in disbelief.
      Charles recognized the playful look in his wife's eye.  
"Oh, and what were you saying about nasty sex."
      "Well dear, Lisa has a problem."
      "Susan! Don't you dare."  Susan just laughed at Lisa's 
outburst.
      "It's okay, we're all friends here.  Maybe Charles can 
give James some pointers.  God knows Charles enjoys nasty 
sex."
      "Boy," he said, "Did I come in on a conversation or 
what?  What in the world are you talking about?"
      "Nothing dear, I was just telling Lisa how much you 
and I enjoy nasty sex.  You know, the kind where it's all 
about mindless, raunchy sex."
      "Ah, I see now.  It's all clear to me.  And, uh, just 
why were you sharing our darkest desires and secrets with 
Lisa." 
	"Susan, you can shut up now," Lisa said, but she was 
laughing and she was flushed and she could feel herself 
becoming more aroused.
      "Oh, Lisa, it's just Charles.  Besides we'll talk 
about it when you're gone.  You know that." 
	"Yeah, I know, fine go ahead, share my frustrations 
with the world." 
	Charles knew Susan enough to know that she was getting 
turned on.  In the past, he'd heard Susan and Lisa talk 
about stuff that made him blush.  He figured they were both 
getting turned on.  There had been more than one day when 
Susan called him at work and told him to hurry home because 
she and Lisa had been talking about sex and she was horny.
      "Frustrations?" he asked, "Are you not getting any?"
      "Yes, I'm getting plenty . . ."
      "But, she's not getting any good ol' nasty sex," Susan 
finished for her.
      Lisa crossed her arms across her chest and nodded at 
that.
      "Oh, do tell, what kind of nasty sex do you want."   
Now Charles was getting turned on.
      "I don't know.  Just sometimes I'd like to have 
something other than gentle lovemaking."
      "So, you girls like nasty sex, do you?"
      "You know I do sweetie."
      Lisa said, "I want to."
      Charles looked at Susan and she raised her eyebrows.  
He was furiously trying to interpret what his wife was 
signaling to him.  Oh my god, he thought to himself, I 
wonder.  Sometimes, when Charles and Susan were having sex 
they would whisper fantasies to each other.  One that 
recurred quiet a bit was Susan whispering in his ear and 
asking if he would like it if Lisa was in bed with them, 
doing things with them.  Could that be where this was 
headed?
      Charles sat on the couch and asked Lisa, "So what 
exactly are you missing?"
      "I don't know exactly.  Good god, just this 
conversation is nastier than what I usually get."
      "Ah, so this conversation is turning you on a bit?"
      "It is me," Susan said.
      He laughed, "Yeah, me, too."
      They both looked at Lisa.  She threw a pillow off her 
chair and Charles and said, "Yeah, okay, me, too."
      "Hmmmm," he said, "You like sex talk and nasty sex.  
Want to hear more?"  She squeezed her thighs together and 
he noticed.  "Susan, should we explore this topic in detail 
with Lisa?"
      "Of course, dear, you know I'm always up for some sex 
talk."
      He turned to Lisa.  "So, is this conversation getting 
you wet?"
      "Oh God!" 
      "Well, is it?"
      Lisa was blushing furiously.  He turned to Susan.  
"How about you dear?  I know how wet you can get.  Is this 
conversation getting you wet?"
      Susan looked almost shy when she replied quietly, "You 
know it is."
      "Do you think it is making Lisa wet?"
      "I bet it is."
      "Susan, why don't you let Lisa see how you're getting 
wet."
      There was a moment where no one moved and no one said 
a word, but Lisa was clenching her thighs tightly and 
looking at her friend.
      Susan knew what he wanted.  Often, even when they were 
out in public and she got horny, she would let him see that 
she'd become wet.
      Both the ladies where wearing shorts.  Susan had on a 
button down shirt and Lisa a pull-over t-shirt.  After a 
long moment, Susan met the challenge in his eyes and moved 
a hand to the waist band of her shorts.  Lisa's eyes 
followed every move the hand made.
      She slipped her right hand into her waist band.   
Charles and Lisa could see the outline of her hand as it 
pushed lower, until her fingers curved between her legs.  
She held the waist band clear with her left hand and pulled 
her other hand from her pants.  She stood and walked over 
to where Lisa was sitting.
      "See."  She rubbed her fingers together.  Lisa could 
see the slick wetness that Susan had extracted from between 
her legs.
      Lisa accepted the challenge that was being offered and 
took her friends wrist.  She pulled her hand closer and she 
could smell the scent of the wetness on Susan's fingers.  
She looked closely and inhaled audibly.  "Yes, I do think 
you're wet."  The scent caused her to catch her breath as a 
result of a clench of sexual tension.
      Charles looked at Lisa and said, "How about you?"
      Lisa looked up at Susan and without looking anywhere 
other than at Susan's eyes moved her hand to the waist band 
of her shorts.  She slid her hand in slowly.  Charles had 
to adjust the erection in his pants.  Lisa's hand slid 
slowly beneath the elastic of her panties and she pushed 
two fingers along the slit of her sex.  She almost moaned 
out loud when the lips of her pussy gave way to the 
pressure of her fingers.  Her fingers slid into the liquid 
center of her.  She pulled her hand out and held it up to 
Susan.
      Susan took her hand and closed her eyes as she inhaled 
the aroma of Lisa's sex.
      "Hey girls, what about me?"
      Susan pulled Lisa to her feet and walked her over to 
where Charles sat on the couch.  She pushed Lisa's hand 
toward his face.  He touched the wetness with a finger and 
made no pretense when he smelled her fingers.  Lisa thought 
she would fall her knees grew so week.  Susan reached into 
her shorts and put her hand, with freshly scented fingers, 
under his nose.  He held them both there inhaling the 
similar, but different scents of each.  
      "Does it turn you on to smell her pussy?"  He 
intentionally did not address this question directly to 
either lady.
      "Yes."  They said in unison.
      He turned to Lisa.  "Do you find it nasty to think 
about Susan in a sex way?"
      "Yes."
      "Are you enjoying this nasty sex?"
      "Yes."
      He looked at both of them.  "Will you do something 
nasty for me, will you taste yourself for me?"
      Lisa looked up at Susan, a little worried about how 
far this had gone.  She had no idea just how far Susan was 
willing to go.   With a smile, Susan reached back into her 
pants.  Lisa did the same.  They each pulled their fingers 
out and took them in their mouth, tasting their own 
wetness.
      "Now," he said, "Taste each other."
      The girls looked at each and with almost no 
hesitation, each put their hand back in their pants and 
then raised their fingers to the lips of the other.  Susan 
took Lisa's wrist in her hand and sucked on her flavors.  
It turned her on to taste her friend's pussy.  Lisa licked 
and then sucked Susan's fingers into her mouth.  It turned 
her on to taste her friend's pussy.
      "My turn," was all he had to say.
      Susan was the first to take her hand from her friend's 
mouth and push back into her own pants.  Lisa did the same, 
staring not at Charles, but keeping her eyes only on Susan 
as once again her fingers slid along the silky slit of her 
sex.  Their aromas mingled in the room.  It was starting to 
smell like sex.
      "Good God," Lisa said to no one in particular.
      Like Susan, she held her hand, trembling toward 
Charles.  He took his wife's hand and slowly slid her 
fingers into his mouth.  Susan sighed at the feel of her 
fingers being sucked into his mouth and his tongue licking 
and tasting.  Slowly she pulled her fingers out.  She 
wanted to see him tasting Lisa.
      He took Lisa's fingers.  Lisa and Charles both kept 
their eyes on Susan.  Susan smiled gently and watched her 
friend.
      Lisa felt his breath on her wet fingers and then she 
felt his lips slide around her.  Her mind was full of 
erotic sensations and she didn't know what to expect, but 
it was a surprise when he kept taking her fingers deeper 
and deeper into his mouth until the tip of her fingers felt 
like they would enter his throat.  His tongue moved over 
her fingers and her knees actually buckled just a bit when 
Susan leaned close and said, "He's tasting your pussy."
      Lisa looked to where her fingers were disappearing 
into his mouth and then looked, almost shyly, at her 
friend, "Yes, I know."
      "That makes me very hot."
      "It makes me very hot."
      Her fingers slid from his mouth and they all laughed 
nervously.
      "How was that Lisa?"  Charles asked.  "Nasty?"
      "Oh, yeah, I can't believe we did that."
      His voice was almost a whisper, "What did you think 
about tasting Susan's pussy."
      "It was nasty and it turned me on."
      He looked at Susan and saw only pleasurable lust in 
her eyes and in her smile.  She started it; he would see 
how far she would go.
      "You know, Susan's nipples get real erect when she 
gets excited."
      "Oh?  Do they?"
      "Yes.  Are your nipples erect Susan."
      "Well, I don't know.  What do you think?"
      "I think you should sit right there."  He indicated 
the hassock that was in front of the couch.  "And, I think 
Lisa should sit right here."  He patted the couch between 
his spread legs.  Both girls could see the bulge of his 
erection. 
      Susan sat where he indicated.  Lisa moved and sat 
between his legs.  The two of them were facing Susan on the 
hassock.  "My erection isn't bothering you, is it?"  His 
hands on Lisa's hips pulled her back.  His thighs pressed 
against the sides of her hips.  She could feel the hardness 
between his legs against her bottom.
      "No."  She said.  At the urging of his hands, she 
leaned back against him.
      "Susan, let her see one of your nipples."
      "Do you want to?" Susan asked her, wanting to make 
sure that this was not getting out of hand for Lisa.
      Lisa tried to speak and had to clear her throat and 
try again.  "Yes," she said.
      Susan unbuttoned her shirt slowly until it was 
completely undone.  She pulled her shirt over her left 
breast and held it there under her arm.  Supporting her 
breast with her left hand, she reached beneath her bra with 
her right and pulled her breast free of the confines of her 
bra.  
      "See?"  She asked, with her fingers she stimulated her 
nipple.  It was swollen with excitement and the intensity 
of her touch surprised her.
      "Yes.  I see."
      "Do your nipples get hard, Lisa?"  Charles asked.  His 
hands moved up and the tips of his fingers brushed against 
her nipples.  He could feel them beneath her shirt and bra.
      "Oh God."  She said and he felt her kind of sink 
against him.
      "I love looking at her nipples," he said.
      Lisa giggled just a little and said, "I think I do to.  
God knows I'm turned on."
      "But, this isn't really very nasty, is it?"
      "What do you mean?"  Susan continued to stroke and 
tease her nipple.  Lisa wanted more than anything for 
Charles to reach beneath her shirt, beneath her bra and to 
feel her.
      "Well, lots of people in everyday sex play with 
nipples.  Surely James sucks your nipples while you are 
having your non-nasty sex."
      "Yes."
      "And we're here for some nasty sex, aren't we?"
      "Yes."
      "Do you want me to make her show you her pussy, spread 
it open for you?  Or do you want me to make her show you 
her ass, spread it open for you?"
      "I don't want you to make her do anything she doesn't 
want to do."
      "That wasn't the question, now was it?  She likes me 
to make her do stuff.  Don't you Susan."
      "Yes, Lisa, I do.  I like it when he takes control and 
makes me do things.  Just like you said a minute ago when 
you said you wished James would just flip you over, spread 
your cheeks and fuck your ass."
      She didn't really say that, not in those exact words, 
but Lisa could not respond.  She was more turned on than 
she could ever remember being turned on before.
      "Oh?'  Charles said, "You like the idea of a little 
ass fucking?"
      "Well... um...  we were just talking about nasty sex and ... 
oh, I don't know."
      "Did Susan tell you that I fuck her ass?"
      "Yes."
      "She likes it."
      "I'm sure she does."
      "Would it be nasty for me to make her bend over and 
show you her asshole?"
      "Yes."
      "Good nasty or bad nasty?"
      "Susan?"
      "Lisa, just answer him, good or bad?"
      "It would be good nasty."
      "How would you like to touch her there?"
      "I . . .I don't know."
      "Have you ever touched somebody's asshole for sexual 
pleasure?"
      "No."
      "Do you like it Susan when somebody touches your 
asshole."
      "Oh yes.  I do."
      "Hmmm, what do you think, do you think Lisa would like 
it?"
      "You'll have to ask her."
      "I might just do that in a minute, but right now, I 
think you should get on your knees and bend over that 
cushion.  Let us see you do that."
      Susan got on her knees facing away from them and bent 
over the hassock.  Charles put a pillow from off the couch 
by her knees and she adjusted, putting the pillow under her 
knees.  She bent back down, her knees about a foot apart, 
her bottom stretching her tight shorts.  Charles and Lisa 
could see the lines of her panties and the cleft of her 
ass, hugged by the shorts stretched tight.
      "Man," Charles said, "I find that so sexy.  How about 
you Lisa?"  His fingers continued to only lightly caress 
her nipples.
      "I don't know . . ."
      "What do you mean you don't know?"
      Lisa laughed.  "Well, I've never seen her exactly like 
that before."
      "Well, I guess the question is, does it turn you on to 
know she's bent over showing you her ass and waiting to 
find out if you're going to reach out and touch her."
      Lisa could think of nothing to say, but she reached 
one hand out tentatively and ran it over the rounded bottom 
just in front of her.  Susan moved her hips slowly in 
response to the touch.
      "Yes," he said, "Yes, I think it does.  Feels nice, 
doesn't it?"
      She nodded.
      "Susan, lower your shorts just a little."
      Without a word Susan stood up on her knees, unfastened 
her shorts and pushed them and her panties about halfway 
down her bottom.
      "Now," he said, "Feel her skin.  Feel how wonderfully 
soft it is."
      Lisa ran her hand over the skin exposed above her 
bunched up shorts on one side and then the other.  "That's 
nice," she said.
      "Remember, you can get nasty, feel between her 
cheeks."
      Lisa felt her cheeks flush hot.  She ran her hand back 
and forth across Susan's bottom, following the curve of 
her.  She pushed two fingers between Susan's cheeks feeling 
the firm warm heat of her on either side of her fingers.
      "That is so hot," Charles said.  Lisa felt his hand 
move between him and her bottom to adjust himself.  The 
knuckles on his hand briefly insinuated themselves in the 
crack of her ass as he adjusted the position of his cock in 
his pants.
      "Susan, show her all of you."
      Susan stood up and dropped her shorts and panties to 
the floor.  She stepped out of them and kicked them to the 
side.  As she sunk back down to her knees, Lisa watched her 
carefully.  She'd seen Susan undressed plenty of times, but 
never, ever like this.  Never solely for the purpose of 
being seen and touched.  Especially for the purpose of 
being seen and touched by her.
      Lisa could feel herself getting wetter now.  When she 
moved, she could feel the slickness where it made her wet 
just beneath her pussy and on the side of her thighs.  As 
Susan bent over the hassock and spread her legs slightly, 
not only was the aroma of her arousal very noticeable, but 
Lisa could see the moisture glistening in the seam of her 
pussy.  
      Susan laid her face down on the hassock and closed her 
eyes, thinking and enjoying the thought about what Lisa 
could see.  This was so hot.
      "Do you like?" Charles asked.
      All Lisa could do was nod.  She noticed that Susan had 
a small smile and seemed to be perfectly relaxed. 
      "You can touch her.  Rub her ass."
      Lisa reached out and rubbed the exposed ass in front 
of her.  She squeezed.  She gripped it with both hands, 
each on a cheek, and squeezed.  That caused the cheeks of 
Susan's ass to part slightly and Lisa got the first glimpse 
of the puckered texture of Susan's anus.  She squeezed 
again with the intention of exposing that part of Susan.
      "It's okay," Charles said, "You can spread her ass.  
Do it.  Spread her and look at her.  She likes it.  Look 
how wet she is."
      Lisa parted Susan's cheeks, fully exposing her anus.
      Charles lips were close to her ear, his breath warm 
when he whispered, "Touch her.  Touch her there."
      Using one hand to keep Susan spread, Lisa reached out 
with one finger and ran it gently over Susan's exposed 
asshole.  Susan moaned and raised her ass higher.
      "Get your finger wet and touch her there.  Make her 
wet."  Charles intentionally did not specify how he wanted 
Lisa to wet her finger, in her mouth or in her pants.  He 
wanted to see what she would do.
      Without taking her eyes off Susan, Lisa leaned back 
and used one hand to pull up the waist band of her shorts.  
She realized that Charles, sitting and looking over her 
shoulder, could probably see right down her pants.  She 
stretched the waist band of her shorts and her panties up 
as high as she could.  Charles could see the light colored 
wispy pubic hair between her legs.  He could no longer tell 
if he smelled Lisa or Susan.  Lisa's hand went between her 
legs and after three or four strokes back and forth, she 
extracted her fingers wet and slick from her secretion.
      Charles pressed over the back of her, reaching around 
and taking Susan's ass cheeks in his hands.  He spread 
them.  Lisa rubbed her wet fingers over Susan who was 
moving sensuously beneath their hands.
      "Get more.  Make her wetter.  Use her pussy."
      Without a moments hesitation Lisa rubbed Susan's pussy 
for the first time.  Susan spread her legs wider giving 
Lisa as much access as possible.  Lisa spread the moisture 
from Susan's pussy up and over Susan's ass.  Soon the 
entire crack of Susan's ass glistened from Lisa's 
treatment.
      After a moment, Charles whispered in Lisa's ear, "Do 
you like?"
      "Yes."
      "Seeing your pussy juice on her ass turns me on big 
time.  Can you tell?"
      She pressed back against his erection.  "Yes."
      "I want to taste you.  I want to taste you off her 
ass."
      He pushed her gently so she would move and he could 
get off the couch.  He knelt beside the hassock.  Susan 
kept her eyes closed and her face flat against the cushion.  
Lisa was flushed, her eyes glistening with excitement as 
she watched Charles.  He never took his eyes off of hers.
      He laid his head flat on the small of Susan's back.  
"More," he said, "Make her wetter with you."
      Lisa didn't hesitate to push her hand into her shorts.  
This time instead of pulling up the waist band she let the 
hand she was touching herself with push her shorts and 
panties down.  She wanted to let him see.  He could see the 
hair between her legs and it excited him even though her 
hand and her shorts bunched between her legs kept the most 
intimate parts of her hidden from view.  Her fingers 
glistened as she moved them back to Susan's ass and rubbed 
them there, up and down the crack, concentrating and 
lingering over her asshole.
      She did that two more times getting Susan wetter and 
wetter.
      Charles said, "Spread her for me."
      Lisa got on her knees and grasped Susan's ass cheeks 
in her hands, spreading them wide.
      Charles kept his eyes on Lisa's eyes as he moved his 
face lower and his tongue entered the crack of Susan's ass.  
He could taste Lisa there.  He moved lower until he felt 
the textured pucker around her hole.  His tongue circled, 
licking up all the moisture that Lisa had put there.  He 
licked back and forth over her hole.  Susan scrunched her 
ass higher and a moan involuntarily escaped from her mouth.
      He sat up and asked Lisa, "What did you think?  
Raunchy sex?"
      "Oh, god, yes. Yes."
      "Do you enjoy looking at her?"
      "Yes."  She wondered what she would do because she 
just knew that the next thing he was going to do was ask 
her to kneel, raise her ass and spread herself for him.  
Did she have the courage to do that in front of him?  In 
front of Susan?  She could barely breathe she was so turned 
on.  She decided she would follow whatever lead was offered 
and see what would happen.  She asked for nasty sex and it 
looked like she was getting it.
       "You know some people say that women don't like to 
look as much as men.  What do you think?"
      "I know I'm enjoying looking."
      Susan moved and sat half naked on the floor with her 
arm draped comfortably across Lisa's knees.  She too was 
waiting for Charles to tell Lisa to bend over naked.  She 
hoped Lisa would, and she hoped that Charles knew that she 
wanted to be the one to lick Lisa first.
      He said, "Would you like to look at a man's ass."
      "Oh yes," said Susan quickly.
      Lisa's eyes opened wide and she just nodded.  She 
wondered if he was really going to let her see him.  Was he 
going to spread his ass?  She almost blanked out at the 
thought of Charles exposing himself as wantonly as did 
Susan.
