Journey to Permanently Nude
by barelin

In writing this little niche about a girl who was born with the silver spoon.   That had everything provided for her with no questions asked.   What she wanted the most, was the choice to wear the school uniform like everyone else.

Her wealthy parents took extreme pride in ensuring their daughters were always dolled up better than the Barbie doll and more like a Disney Princess.   Something she grew to dislike.  Even at home, she was always her parents' prize doll.

Started with some simple daydream, to be naked everywhere.   Some research.  She learned it’s probably from being legally recognized if its status falls under religious freedom.   Under the principle, the agreement cannot be ever reversed.  Legally nude in the clothes world.  

Here it goes.

Chapter 1 - Unraveling

Little about me, my name is Connellan Strauss or Connie as I prefer.  I was named after my great-grandmother.   Am the oldest and only daughter of James and Nichole Strauss.  

My parents jointly own one of the largest wineries in the country along with several other businesses that I learned about as I got older.  Learned at an early age that my parents would hold no expenses.   To ensure that I was always looking dressed like their royal princess.  

Think it was around my first or second year at the academy, I begged my parents for the ability to wear my princess dresses every day to school.  Not that I felt more important than the others wearing the uniform.  I just thought they were ugly and uncomfortable.  Along with my parent's influence on the boards of directors of the academy.  Nearly every day following that decision I was exempted from wearing that uniform.  

For the most part, my parents' house staff made sure that I never wore the same dresses twice with a few exceptions during some of my major growth spurts.  Even when I was out of school, the house staff ensured that I was all dolled up in some less-than-formal dresses.  Something that I used to crave until recently was that beautiful princess everywhere.  

Not sure if it was before I finished the rest of my primary year or slightly after entering my post years.  Some of the fun of always being that royal princess in those fancy dresses went away.   Around that time my parents started wanting me to continue wearing those formal dresses after school.  My parents started wanting me to attend their formal parties with several other influential families on either Friday or Saturday evenings.  Some of those parties were elsewhere and occasionally at our mansion.  Before being invited to attend, I would ensure to stay as far away during those times as possible.

The part about attending those fancy parties was the time the staff took preparing me and the formal dresses they put me in were much heavier.  Uncomfortable from the formal dresses I wear to school.   Since I didn’t want to disappoint them and be their royal princess.  I put up the biggest smiles when they formally introduced me to their guest as their precious porcelain prize doll.

Attending those parties was filled with several other similar aged well-dressed teens that attend the academy with me.  Some of many things I disliked about those parties, besides being around several strange adults.  How uncomfortable and heavy those more formal dresses felt.  It was around late spring a few months ago, following the meals served.  Several would hit the dance floor; others gather and talk.  

Mostly not very interested in either of those, so I would alone with other teens would gather along the edges of the room.  Started daydreaming like I have several times during that point of the gatherings.  What was different from all of the previous times of daydreaming?  I could see myself without a care in the world, dancing totally in the nude with the others on the dance floor.  Getting back to reality, I kept on looking down at myself before getting up to make sure that I was still wearing that huge dress.  

Returning that evening with the assistance of removing that uncomfortable dress from me.  Consider the impossible idea of achieving being naked everywhere.  That is when I almost fell over and would have if someone didn’t broken my fall.  Looking back at me in the mirror, was the reflection of my nude self, staring back at me.   Quickly looked down and saw that I was still wearing my slip and everything under it.   Looked around at all of the concerned looks of the house assistants assisting me in changing my garments.  I wasn’t in the mood to discuss anything with them.  I just happily accepted the glass of water and let them get me ready for the evening.

Following those nude daydreaming visions, I had that night at a formal party with my parents.  Become more frequently leading into the sophomore year of my post-primary year at the academy.  So much so that I started considering if something was wrong with me.  The visions or what I say in the mirrors was always just me.  Wasn’t interested in confronting anyone about what I was seeing and I always knew I was fully dressed throughout those little episodes.

In an attempt to understand what was going on, I realized that being that fancy doll princess wasn’t fun anymore.  Some possibility of powers to be telling me I should wear less, way less than I do now.  That comes to the factor of facing my parents and asking them if I could start wearing the uniform like all of the other students.  For years, overheard chit-chat from others, about my special treatment.  This has made it nearly impossible to make any more than casual friends at school.  

Leading up to today at one of those parents’ parties this time at our mansion ballroom.  About the point following the meals, I slipped back to the tables like usual.  When my thoughts were interrupted.  Standing before me were two classmates that I have seen in at least one of my classes.   One of them said something that was never said directly to me, but I was aware of.  Both of us wanted to get to know you, but we felt you were unapproachable in those dresses.

While both of them sat down and reached out their hand to me.  I was angrier with myself than anything else about putting myself into that unapproachable corner.  Coming to the fact that I wasn’t just my parent's mint condition living doll.  I was also a living princess doll around all of my classmates.  This could have something to do with my visions of me walking around fully in the nude.

During our conversation, I learned that both of their parents work directly or for my parent's business.  Hearing that, I was kicking myself for being so isolated from others.  For months both of them have been trying to gain the courage to approach me sitting alone by myself.  Learned that Ivana Ventnor, whose father is one of my parents’ business lawyers, and Lilian Thornes, who both work for my parents as consultants.  

Throughout talking, each of us becomes fast friends.   We talked about my obsession with wearing all of those formal dresses everywhere.  How it started with wanting to be that Disney princess that has gotten out of hand.  We talked to each of them about their ups and downs.   Discussed the possibility of talking with my parents about dropping wearing dresses to school and being like everyone else.  We concluded it is the end part of the fourth semester.  To continue wearing those dresses, just be more approachable.  

Then I felt comfortable telling them that little secret, I have been dealing with for months now.  Told them about the daydreaming episodes that happen just about anywhere during the day.  When I started to get worried that my new friends were to simply walk away, during the long silence.  I could see them talking with each other and looking at something on their phones.  Now really feel like some freak and considering finding another corner to hide in.  

When Ivana said, “A few months ago, with my dad, he gave me access to one of his legal databases to assist him with some research.  Both of us were doing some searches and we found something you might find interesting.”  She handed me her phone with some legal documents listed and had me select the link listed by Tami Smithers.  

Ivana broke down that link and said, “Tami while during her first year at one of the colleges in one of the New England States.  The status of being permanently nude under the status by claiming it falls under religious freedom.”  Hearing what she was telling me, I couldn’t fully understand how that is even possible or if what we read is even legal.  What I knew was that formal dress, was not only uncomfortable, it was getting unbearably warm.  

Already passed her phone back, I could see their concerned looks toward me.  While I was attempting to find a comfortable position, my mind wondered about the possibility of my stripping nude right at that table.  Felt like somehow everything I had on was drenched in itching powder.  Feeling some sweat on my forehead and under my dress was only making my discomfort even worse.

Didn’t notice that Lilian left me alone with just Ivana caressing my hands.  Standing before me, was my concerned mother listening to what I told them.  Followed by what both of them witnessed following learning of the possibility under religious beliefs.  I watched both girls rubbing the back of my dress as mom read the same legal link.  

Seeing that she finished reading, by more frequently looking up.  We're getting extremely nervous about what she will say.  Then as she handed the phone back, mom looked at me and smiled.  Then she said something that nearly gave me a heart attack.  My mom said, “you want to start wearing nothing?”

Looking at both of my new friends' mouths fully open, I knew they must have heard what I believe mom said.  I considered standing up and changed my mind before getting up.  Looking directly into mom’s eyes.  “I said, you want me to… get nude?”  

Mom changed her posture and leaned back into the chair looking both at me and the other two.  Unsure what to think, pulling on the dress fabric to get a little more comfortable.  Lilian whispered into my ears, “I am sure Ivana would agree.  If you take everything off, I’ll join you with those beliefs of living free.”   

The following minutes felt like seconds, feeling the zipper behind my back coming loose.  Couldn’t explain the relief sensation that swept over me as each of them helped lift me off the chair enough for the dress to fully drop to the floor.  While one of them unzipped my dress they unstrapped my bra.  Now only wearing my panties that were burning my skin. I felt paralyzed sitting almost naked before my mother watching everything happening in complete silence.

Not fully understanding what was happening around me, watch as both of my new friends I only really got to know.  A few hours ago, both were undressing next to me.  Both of the girls looked away from everyone else in the room, including my mom.  None of them noticed some people walking toward us.  Wanting to get their attention I moved my hands in the directions.  

Learned that those that approached us were both of the girl's parents.  Ivana’s mom said, “Nichole”, my mom’s name.  During the explanation of the events leading up to them pulling off my dress and them removing their dresses before they arrived.  

I watched each of them finish undressing.  Leaving just me sitting here with those panties.  Feeling some great sense of confidence, I stood up and pushed my panties down, and felt the best cooling sensation I haven't felt in years.   

Around that time, dad joined us as a group of adults with us three soon-to-be Juniors.  Somehow, we all have moved away from that table with our discarded clothing.  Did feel strange only holding my small handbag.  Guessing, if what we read is real.  Mine and possibly the other two lives will never be the same.


Chapter 2 – New Beliefs

All I could do was stare at mom in disbelief that she asked me to wear nothing. My first reaction should be that that brunt statement is showing some signs of embarrassment. For some reason, that could be with all that happened over the past months. With my getting more frequent visions of me being casually nude just about everywhere.

I was completely unsure how to answer that bold question of if I wanted to take everything off out here before everyone in this ballroom. Something that should be embarrassing and wouldn’t even dream of it before those nude visions. At this moment, every fabric of this formal dress feels like it is drenched in itching powder and hot sauce.

Do know that the two classmates from the academy, I finally was able to become friends. Are both staring at my mother in full disbelief with their mouths wide open in shock? Not in my wildest dreams or during any of my daydreaming. Did I ever imagine my prim and proper mother? Would in a million years ask her daughter that question? Unsure if I heard mom correctly, I said back, “did you say, start wearing nothing?”

Mom stood up from the chair and said, “Your dad and I noticed how you were showing many signs of discomfort. Been checking with our staff, if you have mentioned anything to them and they said no. Not sure if you noticed it or not, but we changed the detergent to a milder formula with no results. Our staff and we have been asking you about what you were feeling and anything we could do to help.”

Listening to my mom expressing some concerns and seeing that I was battling some unknowns. I Am relieved with my parents' hectic work schedules and relying heavily on the house staff to fill in the gaps. Both of them showed down enough to see how I was doing and feeling. Mom continued, “I felt that if you considered adopting this religious belief of always being in the nude. We have the resources to fight this at the United States Supreme Court if we need to. Following your friends showing the legal document and briefing me on how you've been feeling lately.”

For once, I simply waited to let mom speak out her thoughts without interrupting her. Somehow, I am glad I told those two classmates my deep secret about how I was feeling and seeing. Hoping until after this evening, my parents do not change their mind and have me admitted into some nuthouse. Feeling more relieved following mom leaving us girls here.

What followed mom’s leaving, was on me more than anything else how far to take this idea. Looking around at the others around the ballroom have thinned out more. Counting there now less than twenty left besides us three. While taking in everything from what mom said, and everything else. My first reaction would be to simply excuse myself and undress into something more comfortable.

To be honest with me, lately over the past month of having those nude visions. Every night's garment has been uncomfortable wearing. Resulting in some difficulty falling asleep and until now, being too nervous sleeping nude. Referring to the avalanche of thoughts rushing through my head. I am seriously considering the thought of making some grand posturing. Getting up to my feet, made some speech, and removed everything. Before all of the remaining adults and family that are still in this ballroom.

Unsure what to think, pulling on the dress fabric, trying to get a little more comfortable. I said the unthinkable to both Lilian and Ivana. I said, “I need to be fully nude and free of this and everything else. I need you to help me grab everyone's attention and begin to nicely remove everything from my body.”

Lilian rubbed my arm and asked me if I was sure about this and I shook my head yes. Was gaining different degrees of feeling uneasy and signs of being embarrassed by what was in play. Over the past few weeks, my mind played games with me, seeing me both nude and clothed. I have been relying more heavily on the house staff, so I didn't accidentally step out nude. Hoping to follow this grand announcement of going free of all clothing. Those nude visions will go away and never come back.

The following seconds felt like hours standing before everyone in the center part of the room. Listening to both girls summarizing everything about what I was going through. The considerations of adopting that belief of living free of all forms of garments. We’re doing our best to push every ounce of courage I could find to look as confident as possible. When the room filled up with applause following the girl's little speech on my behalf.

Then I felt the real reality slamming me. As I felt my zipper behind my back slowly coming loose. Feeling some great sense of relief as it fell to the floor. Only for the discomfort being switched more to the other garments remaining on me. Lifting my arms as both of them pulled the slip up over me.

Followed by one unclasping my bra and the other lowering down to pull my panties off. This left me standing before everyone in just my dress shoes and the hairpins holding my hair up. The one that pulled my panties off, assisted me with undoing each shoe and stockings. Ivana was standing behind me working to let my hair fall free. Finally leaving me standing before everyone for the first time in my true national state.

Couldn’t explain all of the relief sensations that had swept over me as each piece of fabric left my body. It also comes with the realization that this might be the last time I will ever be covered in any type of fabric. I felt paralyzed standing there looking at everyone looking and studying every corner of my nude body. Fully transfixed on some simple glass sitting on the table before me, when it was snapped back to reality. Following some claps.

Looking over both shoulders, stood both of my new friends equally naked with their formal dresses and accessories scattered on the ballroom floor. Being fully lost for words, the room filled up with applause, along with calming comments. As each of us embraced into one group hug giving each other quick kisses.

Following our little embrace, I followed the other two that were showing more acceptance of this new idea than I was currently feeling. As some that were in there for our grand undressing have left. Walked toward where my parents were standing. Along with four other adults, I am assuming that each of my friends' parents.

Again, feeling uneasy about formally meeting my classmates’ parents for the first time while being fully nude. I turned around to see if our clothes were still there. I didn’t realize it until all eyes were on me. I made some loud gasping sounds after witnessing the staff stuffing our clothes into huge garbage bags.


Chapter 3 - Reality Beliefs

I was feeling more embarrassed about gasping, than my state of dress. I have come to the realization that whatever power is. For whatever reason following this point in my young life, I came to the acceptance this will be my new normal. The three of us are standing somewhat close to the adults and my parents talking. That I couldn’t make out what any of them were saying.

Getting tired of standing, I sat down at the nearest table. Both Ivana and Lilian pulled up a chair on both sides of me. Looked at both of them and said, “Why…”. Unsure about my future, it was never my intention for either of those girls to be placed in the same situation. Of publicly stripping alongside me. What I do know, is that decision about our futures. Is now in the hands of each of the adults standing near us.

Lilian told me something I was guessing but couldn’t fully understand why they both followed me into removing everything. At the table, she said, “Both of us agreed at the moment you got up to undress before everyone. Neither of us wanted you to take this journey to permanently nude alone. Since it was a combo of both of us giving the possibility of that happening. Now all of us have to wait for each of our parents to decide our fates.”

In the following minutes, wait for the parent's finish talking. All of us trying to take attention off of our crazy decisions to undress before everyone. Now leaving it up to the adults to chart out our next path. Not sure about what I know now are my real true friends. Truly feeling sitting here naked on these plastic folding chairs. Something I cannot understand, I now feel more comfortable like this than in any of those dresses I have worn since I was little.

Wasn’t sure what the time was, just that everyone else besides our parents have all left. My bare butt was about to get up when I saw the adults walking toward us. We all watched as they grabbed chairs to sit with us. Following my friend's parents formally introducing me to them.

Lilian's mom spoke first, “What took us so long, we were consulting with some associates about what all of you girls are wanting. The question I need from each of you is, please be honest. Legally stating, the final decisions likely cannot be ever reversed. Each of us will not spare any expenses or time to live free of all clothing. Under the principal beliefs of religious freedom.”

I said while standing up, “Yes, I have been daydreaming of me being this way.” Stretched out my back, then sat down finally not caring how I sat. This wasn’t my intention to stand, both of the others followed my lead. The only difference, was before Ivana, was asked to grab her phone and hand it to her mother. We watched several of them reading the link I read earlier.

Then my mom said to me and the others, “Ladies, once each of you returns to your rooms. You will notice some changes have been made by each of our staff. We removed all clothing, including your dressers from the rooms.

On your beds, we left the mattress flat sheet and your pillows. All other bedding was eliminated, to ensure it complies with the previous decision. Each of you has agreed upon the following until we can file the legal paperwork. Each of you is comfortable with that decision.”

Watch as the other looks at me while replying with yes. While I said yes to mom's question. I also replied, “Mom, it will take some time to get used to sleeping that way. If I no longer own any dresses or anything else to wear. What about the school from this Monday onward?” Looking at both of the girls with saucer eyes.

Wasn’t sure which father said this, “I have already sent the emails to all of the academy boards of directors. With one of the directors already replying. That board member replied with it under their religious beliefs. She would have no issues with any of you being as you are on Monday morning. Ladies, following watching each of you taking the stance to be like you are now. Us as your parents. Need to accept the understanding, each of you is in agreement, we need to accept that.”

The few conversations that followed before we all were ready to leave. Before I went upstairs, both of my new friends went home. We exchanged contacts.

Walking upstairs with mom, I asked her about the dresses we all wore. Wasn’t sure if I heard it correctly. I asked mom to repeat it. What mom told me, “Those and the rest of the clothes each of you are going to be destroyed.”

Saying good night, enter the bedroom. First, I looked at my huge closet. Gone are half a dozen clothing racks that were taking up the spare jointed room. Felt strange and the realization of knowing how final that grand decision had.

Laying down on the bed, I text both of my now best friends a good night. Get a reply back from them. Lilian said, “tomorrow morning will be interesting attending church naked.” Ivana replied almost as bad, “she is going to visit one of her grandparents.” Replied, wasn’t sure what was planned.

It’s Sunday and looking down at my bare front. Was shocked at how fast I fell asleep without anything covering me. The first thing I noticed in my bathroom near the shower, was the shelf that used to be filled with towels, only left with smaller hand towels. Bringing some reality to that crazy decision I ultimately made with my new friends.

Entering back in my room, I was surprised by mom along with the two-house assistants who assisted me. Sitting down on the edge of my bed waiting for me. Following morning each of them, mom asked me how my night went and if I was comfortable. Then mom told me what was planned this afternoon. Remembering those text messages, about planning on attending church and visiting her grandparents in the nude.

Mom said, “Your dad just got off the phone with the academy board of directors and she has no issues. For legal purposes, she has arranged an emergency meeting for this afternoon with all of the directors and staff. They have asked to state what you said last night to everyone. Both Lilian and Ivana will be with you during that meeting.”

Looking back at last night seems like a blur, leading up to that decision to strip off everything. Never imagined that split decision would lead me again in less than twenty-four hours. Would end up thrusting my nude self again before another group of adults. Just like last night, many of them I have never met before and likely never get to meet again.

Pulling out my desk chair, and sitting down facing them. I said to mom, a little nervous, “are you ok with the split decision to remove everything.” Ensuring my back is straight and my legs positioned to not conceal. Trying to show that I was going to stand by my stance last night and hang on to what she is about to say.

Mom glanced over at both of the staff and me. Mom said, “Your dad and I support your decision to take up that belief. Due to the nature of that decision you and your friends made last night. Each of us parents will ensure all of our resources.”

“You can practice your religious beliefs of being free of all forms of clothing. Before we proceed with this and continue, allow us to follow through. I will need to sign an agreement of understanding. I asked Joleen and Kath to be here to witness”

I watched as both assistants left the room, leaving me alone with mom. Mom asked me to sit next to her, followed by sitting back down. I said, “mom, with all those nude visions I was having over the past months. Was worried that you or dad would think something was wrong with me and send me off to someplace. Guessing with all of those visions, when you made that suggestion to get nude. I didn’t fully reject the idea of actually doing what I ended up doing. Mom, I am standing behind my decision and asking you to be hard.”

Mom ran her fingers through my hair and replied, “I know, you are a very smart girl making one of your first major decisions. Not going to be easy and expect some quick reactions that do not agree. We will need you to gain some thick skin and will not allow anyone to trample on your beliefs. We will be hard on you to stand your ground. Be prepared following this public emergency academy board meeting email to other of your classmate's parents. That email makes its way to the local or national media.”


Chapter 4 - Religious Belief

Mom was brushing my hair when her phone buzzed with a text message. She said, “your friends are downstairs in the breakroom. If you want to take a quick shower, I’ll let them know you are coming down.” I said, “thanks mom, be down in a few” as she walked out. It's going to feel strange again, casually walking nude downstairs.

When it dawned on me if my friends were going to be signing the same agreement. Would mean the possibility of more people having seen them naked than me. I didn’t consider those facts when I said good night last night of them being nude.

Stepping into the shower adjusting the temperature. I decided to see how cold I could stand, which wasn’t much. Stepping out, it took about two small towels to dry everything but my hair. With the help of the third one, it was dry enough not to get water everywhere.

I was greeted by two naked ladies upon entering the break room. I have to ask this question to both those questions on why they still wanted to continue on that path of always being nude. For me, the second following hearing about a possible path to address those visions I have been having. If it would mean that I never wear clothes again, that will be my life from this point forward.

Sitting down following getting some food from the counter, we all sat down together. I asked that burning question to both of them, “Both of you know my reasoning for me continuing on this path to adopting that belief you read or something else that would allow me to remain unclothed. Following leaving here last night along with your parents, did any of you reconsider this, and why are you both still nude?”

Both girls looked at each other. Lilian answered my question first, “Have to admit, my initial thoughts were to assist you with your undressing. When I noticed Ivana unzipping her dress, my thoughts were on undressing with both of you. Not until after you both stated the reasoning speech, I began considering the possibilities. Hearing what you both said, I sort of repeated some and winged the rest. The car following pulled into the street. Mom leaned back and told me we are going to stop to talk about your decision at that diner just up the street.”

Ivana interrupted, “what”. For me, I was feeling back for bringing those visions up to them. If only I kept my damn mouth shut, my new friend wouldn’t have found herself in that situation.

Lilian adjusted herself and continued, “Mom asked me to wait in the car, to check if they had any issues with me. Entering the diner felt strange with enough customers there watching my every move. Felt very embarrassed being there, but I kept on pushing forward to the table smack in the middle of the main room. Following our talk, I decided this is what I wanted.”

Ivana said, “She decided to follow reading that legal decision and those few words my mom said. Once she realized I was going through with the undressing. She decided that nakedness will be the only thing she wears. Following leaving, we went straight home. Did I have to spend about an hour trying to convince them that she wasn’t stripping naked because I did?”

We talked for about another fifteen minutes when our parents appeared with three legal-size folders. Ivana's dad said, “ladies as you have all been briefed by one of your parents. In the documents, we present you to review and sign.”

“States that all of us before you, including all of our resources, will ensure that each of you is free and your rights are not fringed to practice your beliefs of being free of clothing. In the statement of agreement, you are legally signing along with us your guardians. You agree to practice and live as if you are fully granted the right to be permanently nude under your religious beliefs.”

Besides the others, glancing at what they are reading, outside of our names is the same agreement. Reading basically what they told us with legal talk and signing it. One of the adults gathered up the paperwork and we watched them sign it. Then handed those documents to some older lady who left.

Said to the other, “nudies, while we wait for it time to leave. What are you interested in?” When Lilian asked, “know where the basketball is.” Wasn’t sure, but asked one of the staff.

When the adults came out to the driveway. Ivana was winning by two points. Kind of glad it’s time to leave, I hate missing hoops. Thinking I am coming to terms with my decision. Felt like playing naked hoops visible from the street. Is something to prepare me for what is about to happen.

In the SUV, mom asked, “where are you winning, we all watch each of us taking turns throwing the ball. We are shocked at how quickly each of you has progressed. To all be fully willing and throwing hoops in the nude.” Think about it, she's right about how fast all of us have adopted this.

Making up my mind, this is the body I was born with. Everything is where it should be on my body. Nothing that I should be ashamed about others seeing. Noticed last night a few before they left kept on staring at us. Got to put in my mind that some will do that and I just need to get used to it.

Looking out of the windows, I noticed that we passed the academy building we attended wondering where we were heading to. When mom said, “some changes in venue due to Sunday services. One of the academy directors was able to rent out one of the screens at the megaplex theater near the mall off Main Street. Once we all gather outside, the theater crew will open one side lobby door to the smaller theater we will be using for the meeting.”

Sitting back in my seat, I could see every bit of confidence I had slipping away. To crawl into some small corner and never come out again. The funny thing about the way I am thinking is. I could see myself crawling into that tiny hole, without a bit of fabric on me. Whatever power to be, even in my thoughts I no longer see myself with anything.

Parents pulling into the crowded mall parking lot, I could see several people gathering around the theater entrance. Mom said after seeing my worried face, “please take a big breath, you can do this.” Easier for her to say, I thought.

Watching out the window as dad was driving closer to the main entrance area, I spotted every empty parking slot passed. Wishing he doesn’t have the idea of dropping me off nude before that crowd. At that point, I was completely on my own in front of everyone.

Guessing it was around seven or eight last night that I made my first real public strip down. Was starting to have second thoughts about this exposure thing. I knew this would be difficult but I never thought it would be this fast to be thrust into it this fast.

Dad started slowing down to the curbside, I knew it was now or never. Of what was left, I gathered up the little I had to put on the best. Then at the glance, I saw mom getting out and it was like something hit me straight on. My mother was standing outside of my door butt as naked as I was.

I was dumbfounded, as she helped me out of the door. Was transfixed on my mom being out there before the crowds fully nude. For once, after stepping out of my parent's SUV, I felt fully dressed in the invisible dress I am showing off for the first time.


Chapter 5 - Board Brief

Still very shell-shocked that mom was being undressed and all of the attention was on us. I was very overwhelmed and was relieved mom was with me to embrace. Could hear the chatter shift to the two other vehicles that pulled up. Where I saw both of the mothers that were equally nude assisting my friends out.

For the second most of the attention was off me, mom whispered, “The moms signed the same document.” With all the chatter, it was hard to hear her. Was finding it hard to understand why mom was a professional woman and agreed with this. Standing out there before everyone, I am glad all of the attention is not just on me.

A few minutes later, I was back with my friends waiting. Not paying attention to any of the comments or snap that have been taken of me. If I want to pursue living this new lifestyle of pure nudity everywhere. The feeling I need to live by nothing about my body that is currently visible is considered taboo.

Watched as more people gathered around us and our parents. Kind of shielding us from the noisy crowds and comments. When the side door opened and we all started walking past everyone looking, commenting, and having their phones up.

I followed some girl in uniform that guided the moms and us to a group of chairs with folded towels waiting. Repositioned the towel and saw the others do the same before sitting down. For this emergency academy meeting being scheduled at such short notice. Was shocked at the number of people that were piling in.

Watched as the staff worked lifting the screen and prepping the stage with tables and chairs. Followed by several individuals I only saw pictures around the office and in the booklet gathering up there. A few of them like the academy principal and a few others I did know.

Lilian was sitting between us girls and said to me, “Are you feeling good about this idea?”

Seeing some doubt in her voice, just as I and Ivana likely. I said what I thought about getting out, “I was looking as if we all were wearing beautiful invisible dresses like the real ones we had on last night.” That brought a huge smile to her and I watched her share that with Ivana, followed by another glowing smile.

In the back of my mind those visions, I was having and likely will continue. Just this time for real and has managed to drag others with it. Seeing more finding their seats on the stage. Hearing the microphone check and the position of the podium. I knew things were getting real with the possibility of us doing that nightmare of walking the hallways of the school butt naked.

The first part of the meeting was on the legality of the proposal of us attending classes under the established laws. I didn't understand most of it. Getting to our new religious beliefs Ivana's dad was at the podium. Talked about The First Amendment which protects and grants us the freedom to practice our beliefs. He then asked us all, our mothers, to stand and face everyone.

He followed with, “my wife Livian and the mothers of all our daughters have taken up those religious beliefs of living free of all types of fabric. Please allow our daughters the freedom to practice their beliefs.” Following him leaving the stage, the room filled with applause and some shouting.

What followed was several more discussions from different people justifying it and about some of the repercussions of us following those beliefs. I was finding it hard to follow the direction the meeting was going. Was thinking about many other places I would rather be than here. Following hearing my name and my friends, I looked up at the person talking. I was our principal, Mitchel, he called each of us to the stage.

Feeling knots in my stomach again, thinking to myself over again about that invisible dress. Up to the spot, he asked us to stand. In a low voice, he asked each of us how much we wanted this. Without thinking about discussing, it with the others, I said, “we all want this more than anything.” Followed by looking over at my friend's reactions.

He went back to the mic to say, “In the upcoming board vote, I am asking each of you to grant these brave ladies before us to allow them to follow what they believe in. According to their parents, each of them has decided this is the path they choose to live.”

I was having mixed feelings standing there before everyone like this as the room filled up with applause again, only louder than before. Then to my surprise, just about everyone came to their feet. As I followed the other two back down to our seats in the first roll. It felt strange embracing the other moms in the bare skin before seating.

Followed some more boring talk before the most important votes of our new journey to being permanently nude in this clothed world. Leading up to the board members' votes. Was considering the possibility of them denying us attending classes naked. That would mean I would have to attend the rest of this year and next just online classes.

When the unthinkable happened, with a vote of six to zero we were granted the right to practice that strange religion that I will now be living among all of my classmates tomorrow. Not a bit ready for tomorrow morning facing them all with those dresses. That has gotten me several unwanted comments directed to me by some.

Being fully aware of the place of this meeting is one of the largest megaplex theaters in our community. Doesn’t help the anxiety feeling of facing all of them leaving this place without confronting others. My attention is on those side doors to make the great getaway. Knowing the following series of decisions that have been made. Those decisions are no longer that easy to slip out without gaining someone's attention.

Following hearing that the meeting has been adjourned and those on the stage started disbursing. The moms and we were bombarded with hugs, handshakes, and positive comments. The most common was about our bravery and that they couldn’t do it.

Near around that time, most had exited the room, and we all followed the parents into the hallway down to the lobby. Thankfully it wasn't as crowded as earlier. It wasn’t until we exited the lobby doors the bombardment happened. Just as mom warned me earlier in my room about the possibility of the media standing there filming everything.

Following the direction of some group of adults helped guide all of us, including our parents into a large van waiting at the same curve. Sitting down on the bench, I realized that the towel was left on the chair. As we drove out of the parking lot in the direction away from the academy and our homes.

I glanced at the others with the same bewildered look wondering where we were heading. The lady up in the passenger seat said, “Congratulations on being able to practice and live by your new religious beliefs as you see fit. We are taking you to another public place away across town.”

Unsure what she was talking about and was too afraid to ask. Trying to take my attention on where or whom we are heading to. Engaged in small conversations between us girls discussing various topics. Trusting those around us are protecting us and seeing how relaxed my parents were sitting on the bench ahead of us. Was unsure, but feel it's something we can handle.

Lilian's mom leaned forward and said, “ladies, we are going to be the guest of honor at the Baldwins Ball. We arranged for our stylists to meet us there to doll us up minus the actual dresses and shoes.” That was not something I was that excited about attending another formal ball. Especially this huge formal ball that I have unwillingly been to way too many times before.

While my thoughts were on that ball, I got a nudge and glanced over at the phone. Under the headlines, ‘Naked in School. Private Charter School Board Approves under Religious Beliefs’. Below the headlines are several uncensored pictures of us entering and leaving the theater.

Checking my phone, I was blasted with text and social media messages. From why more than I know. Until last night, I haven’t made any real friends. Looking at some of their names, I have no idea who they are or how they got my number.

Looking on social media, I looked at several of us, somewhere uncensored and the others. Ivana said, “many of the comments are from closed-minded individuals. Others are downright nasty.” Looking around at the others, nearly everyone was looking at their phone. Discussing with each other what they are looking at on their devices.

Getting out of the van at the ball parking lot. We all were greeted by some of those that were on the stage. Seeing our SUV parked beside the van. The adults felt to pack us all in there to get out of that media mess. Seeing how crazy it was outside of the megaplex, was glad they thought of that. Tomorrow morning, wouldn’t be surprised if we see one or two of the media.


Chapter 6 - Nude Ballroom

Felt a weird feeling from the cool air all over, reminding me of my lack of those dresses. Us girls walked ahead of the parents that were more interested in the conversations. Then just as we were about to enter, some group of girls already dolled up and crowded before us. One of them turned to us and called us, “poor naked sluts.”

I was angered, Ivana looked stunned and Lilian took it the hardest. I could see tears in her eyes as the two of us did what we could to comfort her until the parents got closer. I do not care what that thought of us, being naked doesn’t make us a slut.

Ivana and I gave space for the adults to console Lilian. Ivana asked me, “Are you taking this public exposure well.” Giving it some thought, I replied, “coming to terms, this is my life without clothes.” We could see that she was beginning to calm down some more. Ivana answered the question she asked me, “it’s just thread and fabric, clothes don’t define me.”

After giving each other needed hugs, Lilian's mom asked us, “do you guys still want to attend this…” I was waiting for Lilian to answer, and her reply, “if you asked me before those… passed us, I would have answered no. Now I want to face each of them nude and proud. To show them that you do not need to be wearing those fancy dresses to look fabulous.”

Guessing it was everything that has happened today, that pushed her to the limits. I know from all of the unwanted dress comments, I have had for most of my school years. Have taught me not to take what people say personally. Something hard to deal with, was when some kids in the class I thought were my friends.

Was saying nasty things about me to others and it made it back to me. Especially reading the online comments and what we overhead outside of the theater, not sure which comments were worse. Know one thing, the following months the three of us were at school and elsewhere nude. Likely one of the hardest months in our lives to survive from standing up to those beliefs I still do not fully understand.

About to enter with the rest, when mom stopped me from entering with the rest that went upstairs. Mom said, “I decided to ask Joleen to stay on as your assistant with your hair and makeup for events like tonight, she will be here any minute.”

Had to say, “why, MOM!”, when I saw her stepping out of her car butt ass naked and opening the back hatch. Waiting for her to get closer, mom answered, “ask her after she touches me up.” Followed by mom greeting her and we headed to the elevator.

Stepping into the elevator, I wondered how those visions managed to get what I know five to lose the ability to get dressed and now the possibility of six. If only I kept those visions a secret, this all wouldn’t happen. Instead, I would be wearing one of those dresses like everyone else.

I found some towels and sat down waiting for Joleen to finish up touches with mom’s makeup and hair. Then I watched her bare butt leave the room after saying that I look great. While Joleen was making mom look fancier, dealing with us being nude. I was daydreaming again about walking the school hallways. Seen me looking down and seeing that I was, well naked. Others around me complimented me as I passed them for some reason.

Must have been so into my thoughts, I didn’t even see my mom leave. I felt hands undying the hair that I braided this morning being undone. Joleen moved as she was standing before me, “see you were having one of your visions.” I was taken aback by the way she said that. Before last night, do not recall telling anyone about those visions.

Giving her a strange look as she let my hair flow down past my breast. She followed with, “I see you do not remember the small talks we've been having over the past several months, about those visions of you being naked nearly everywhere.” For the best of me, I do not remember ever saying anything during those short bursts of time she has been making me look my best.

Following some makeup touching, it appeared as if she was nearly done with my face. He asked me if I wanted to get full nude makeup. Since this is my first real day undressed like this. Clueless on what she was asking, I said yes. Asked to stand by the chair, she applied some blush powder on my chest, arms, back, and legs. It felt odd having makeup applied to other places on my body, I trust that she knows what she is doing.

Back into the chair, to fix the hair. Joleen said, “This morning following seeing me wearing your best. She asked my mom if she signed the same agreement as my assistant as needed. She understood the conditions of that agreement were a lifestyle choice, not conditions of employment.”

Trying to wrap my head around why she would do that. I just hope she didn’t do it because I wanted her to be naked. At the moment, I cannot see my future without being like this. Relating to the board meeting, I see little wiggle room for Lilian or Ivana to return to wearing clothes again.

I feel there is nothing to prevent our mothers or Joleen from returning to wearing something. Looking at myself in the mirror at the wonderful job she did with my hair and makeup. Getting up as she started putting stuff back into her wheeled huge bag, she carries everything in.

I said, “you do not have to sign that contract for me. Last night, when my decision was made this was what I wanted. Never considered that both of my new friends followed me undressing. Then with our mothers and you. If it was up to me, I would want everyone including you to go back to wearing clothes.”

Joleen took a seat on the towel that I left on the chair. Watching as she positioned herself away, I was able to see all of her. “She has known me since I was very young. Now that I am on the verge of adulthood, she has known me to stand by my principles. If that requires me to do what I did last night. Not shy about picking the most difficult path, like being fully nude among those that do not do it.”

She then said after getting up and tossing the towel in the bin, “Signed that agreement, to show me she supports my beliefs.” Heading down with her to the ground level and saying bye to her. That convinced them she was making this lifestyle choice for the right reasons and not simply to be just my naked hair and makeup stylist.

Stepping onto the ballroom floor, even after seeing the neck up looking superb. It is almost impossible not to be aware that everything else about me is fully exposed. Fully aware of the blurriness of my reality, I feel that my best course is to make it through tonight into the first day naked in school. Is to see myself wearing one of those past formal dresses. Only this time, the dress is completely invisible to everyone including me.

Making my way past several others that were making unwanted comments as I passed by. Most of them just stared and others couldn’t even look at me. When I get two of those rude ladies making strange faces at me. Considered several things to say and decided on, “Possibly your next ball, you could wear something like this dress. You will find it feels better on you.”

Passing them, I didn’t care what they thought or had to say. But I did hear them grumbling with each other. That was satisfactory enough for making those unneeded words outside of the building. During my walk along the roles of chairs and tables near the walls. I reached the table with my friend's hair and makeup looked beautiful. Sitting on one of the chairs was a towel to sit on. With this new look tomorrow, I need to remember to keep those things to sit on in the classrooms.

Our parents all sat at some table closer to the wall, giving us girls room so we couldn’t overhear each other’s conversations. While more people arrived in those fancy dresses and tuxedos, none of them were wearing our skin dresses. Followed by the dimming of the lights and the music, the evening has begun.

We all sat there and watched several groups of individuals perform various dances. All of them scattered throughout the dance floor performing their signature dances. That was followed by a general dance to various songs. We saw several of the teens dancing away, neither of us was that ready to venture out there.

The serving of the main course was followed by some key announcements about upcoming events and balls planned. Remembering was getting more nervous the longer he talked recognizing different people's names. Then it happened, he called our last name as well as my friends.

Watched as our parents came to their feet, followed by us three. Standing there with the whole room looking at my naked body. The only thing I could see myself wearing was nothing, gone was that pretend dress I had on me.

Then out of nowhere three older teens in tuxedos appeared and grabbed my hands and the others to the dance floor. Know how to formal dance and mostly followed his lead around the room. Enjoying my time, I could see that pretend dress back on me flowing around as we moved.

Looking over my shoulders, I could see more and more people dancing beside us. The guy I was dancing with asked me if I was dressed this way normally. Feeling great about myself, I proudly replied yes. Just as the slower music began. He asked me if I wanted to continue dancing, with a definite yes. I learned little about him, his name is Luke and he is a senior at the public school near where we live. Following that dance we both exchanged numbers and he gave me a quick kiss as he left.

For the remainder of that evening, I was convinced by the number of times each of us was asked to dance. Most of those that asked us to dance with the typical answer yes. Were males with some females asking us to dance with them?

We all didn’t say much after that, since we have school and the parents got work tomorrow. Following us girls' goodbyes and getting in for the rides back home. Nearly before we pulled up our driveway, I was asked how my day went.

The response was, “could be one of my best days in some time.” If I saw any of those nude visions during the day, it didn’t matter. Knowing going into the difficult tomorrow, I am wearing the best assortment of invisible clothes money could ever buy.

The End
