This story is intended for the enjoyment of adults over the age of 18 or whatever the legal age is in your part of the universe. It contains fantasy scenes of graphic sexual activity.   Please, if you are under the age of 18, or if you will be offended by such material, use your intelligence and read no further - delete the file.  Otherwise ....enjoy!  


Mrs Harrison Requires.

by Nessus

FemDom Mast CB 

My husband, Edward and I have been married for almost three years. At our engagement, our friends all said we were absolutely made for each other. He is tall, dark and ruggedly handsome and I am, Im often told, not unattractive. Both from good schools and good families with a few vague remnants of old money, it was obvious we were a perfect match.

I am a junior solicitor at a small legal firm in the city while Edward is an accountant at a prestigious firm across town. From our small flat in the city, we enjoy all London has to offer with its fine restaurants and theatres.

We are both competitive and enjoy our particular sports. Edward plays squash twice a week, once in competition and the other with friends from his office. I love netball and play in a good team once a week and train one other night. I am not tall but Im fast so Im particularly suited for the position of Goal Attack. Our commitment to our sports and our business made it difficult to see each other every night but our relationship continued to flourish. Or, so I thought. Later, I realised that he wasnt as committed to his squash as I had thought.

Julia, my friend Cynthia said. Theres something I must tell you. We were having lunch and enjoying gossip with a fine wine. She looked very serious.

Of course, I said, as I knew she had been having trouble with her husband William and expected news of a pending divorce. 

Cynthia sipped her wine, took a deep breath and it rushed out. Edward is having an affair!

I was stunned, frozen with my wineglass near my lips. I beg your pardon? I croaked.

Im sorry, Julia, she said, concerned. I had to tell you.

Who?

Amanda.

I should have known. Amanda was his young secretary and a stunning woman. I started to cry and Cynthia held my hand on the crisp tablecloth until the sobbing subsided. Are you sure? I squeaked, drying my eyes with my handkerchief.

Cynthia nodded. Yes, she said sombrely. Theres no doubt. Barbara Mellows heard Amanda talking about it.

I suppose, as a solicitor, I should have approached the confrontation with Edward with detailed planning and preparation but I didnt. Although I was hurt and betrayed, I still loved him deeply.

Julia, he cried when I confronted him. She meant nothing to me. Nothing! It was just sex.
That hurt because it reminded me that our glorious love making of the past had also deteriorated into just sex.

I burst into tears but pushed him away when he tried to comfort me. Im so sorry, Julia, he murmured. So sorry.

Sorry I found out, is what you mean I sniffed.

I wanted to tell you but I didnt know how! Its over, anyway. I love you Jules, he said and I felt a rush of affection for the big oaf as he stared at me with those puppy dog eyes.

It certainly is, I said icily. You can sleep in the study.

For the next few days, I wrestled with the problem until the solution, so blindingly simple, hit me. Get me Jasmine Getner, please, I said to Wendy, my secretary.

The prostitute, Mrs Harrison? she asked, raising her eyebrows.

Our client, Wendy, I reminded her. And one that pays on time, too. Thats pretty rare these days.

 My conversation with Jasmine was enlightening and, at some points, shocking. Feeling like a naive schoolgirl, I admitted to Jasmine that I had no idea that men masturbated as much as she claimed.

Believe me, they do, Mrs Harrison, she said. Theyre constantly thinking about sex and it becomes easier to wank off in the bathroom rather than spend the time to seduce their wives or girlfriends. And that includes youre husband.

Oh, I dont know about that.

All husbands, Mrs Harrison, she said firmly. 

So, I said meekly, you think my idea is suitable?

Jasmine tilted her head back and roared with laughter. Mrs Harrison, she laughed. I think you are one devious woman. Im glad youre my solicitor.

I cleared my throat. Ah, its just that I dont know how to go about it.

Jasmine winked broadly. I think I can help you there. Youve come to the right place.

Edward had started drinking heavily after dinner since I began playing the ice queen and he was snoring loudly when I ventured into the study late the next night. Armed with a penlight I hadnt used since Girl Guides and a tape measure, I stifled my giggles as I surreptitiously measured his vital statistics. He snored through the whole event.

He approached me a few days later. Julia, darling, we have to talk, he said. We cant go on like this.

I put my copy of Country Life on the table and placed my teacup on its saucer. Absolutely correct, Edward, I said stonily. It certainly can not go on like this.

Cant we begin again? he implored. I love you so much.

Youve betrayed me, Edward.

I wont betray you again, he cried. Ive learnt my lesson.

How do I know that?

That stopped him. I dont know, he said miserably. I wish it hadnt happened, he said fiercely.

But it did. At my remark, he hung his head and his shoulders slumped. I felt so sorry for him but I forced myself to be strong, to go forward. I have a way, I said after a long silence and his face brightened.

Yes? What?

You wear this, I said, retrieving the chastity device from my handbag and placing it on the table with a dainty flourish.

What the Dickens is that? he said but I could see he suddenly realised what it was.

Its a chastity belt, darling, I said brightly. Your thing goes in this tube and I lock this around your, you know, balls, I said blushing. I lock it all shut with this special key.

My God, he exclaimed. Where did you get that from?

A client assisted me, I said airily. Dont you see, darling, this is a way I can begin to trust you again, I said earnestly.

How long would I have to wear it? he asked warily.

As long as I say, darling, I said firmly. And it will really be up to me. No asking me to take it off, either.  It comes off when I decide.

I dont know. It seems rather archaic.

Its the only way, I said coldly. Its up to you, I added as I picked up my magazine.

It took a moment but he relented. Oh, all right, he muttered. If its the only way.

I smiled at him as I lowered the magazine. It is, Im afraid. Now, go and have a quick cold shower.

Cold shower? What ever for?

You know, I said, flushing again. So your thing will shrink. Its going to be a tight fit. He strode off to the bathroom muttering under his breath and I let out a huge sigh of relief. I dont know what I would have done if he had refused, as I knew, deep down, I couldnt leave him, as I loved him so much.

With his cock safely locked, we ignored the device for the next two days as we went about our normal business. In fact, due to our commitments, I didnt see him much at all during those days.  On the evening of third day, he was so solicitous to my every need that I knew his lack of orgasm was starting to tell on him. I had no idea that constant orgasms were so important to men. We all live and learn.

As he poured a glass of wine for me, I leaned forward slightly so he could look down my blouse at my cleavage and was rewarded with a slight groan from him. I felt wonderful to be an object of desire once again.

Julia, he began nervously as he sat down. When will you take it off?

We both knew what it referred to. When I decide, I said sipping the wine.

I have to pee sitting down, he said weakly and I smiled.

So do I, darling.  What does it matter?

Please, Julia, he blurted out. Take it off. I want to make love to you.

Youre not to ask, I said firmly. I told you that. Just for that, youve earned another week, I said sweetly.

His eyes widened in shock. Julia, he demanded. Take this thing off now!

I smiled and stood next to him, knowing I was wearing his favourite perfume and the aroma was sweeping around him. You cant demand anything, darling, I said, lightly stroking his gorgeous hair.

He pushed me away and bolted to his feet, glaring down at me. Ill find the key, he shouted. Even if I have to tear this place apart!

I walked around the table, picked my wineglass up and sat down on the sofa near the fire. If you must, darling, I said. But you wont find it. Its not here. I enjoyed the look on his stricken face as the realisation of his condition sunk in. Its in a safe place, I said softly. And I decide when I bring it home and I decide when its used. Every time you ask or even beg, Edward, Ill add three days onto the sentence I have in my mind. Only I will know what the sentence is. Your task is to please me. Now, I said holding out my empty glass, inwardly shocked at my boldness. Be a darling and pour me some more wine.

Sulkily, he retrieved the bottle and filled my glass as I smiled up at him. He was so handsome in his white shirt and business suit. But, Julia, he whined. How will we make love? You love sex, he added shrewdly and he was right, I certainly did enjoy it. However, I hadnt had this delicious feeling caused by prolonged foreplay for a long time and I was going to relish it.

There are other ways, darling, I said slyly, standing next to him. Now, you clean up the dishes and Ill wait for you in the bedroom.

Sometime later, he warily came into the bedroom to find me reclining naked on the bed, propped up by our luxurious pillows. The bed linen was crisp linen and felt wonderful against my bare skin. I knew I was wet and I realised I was enjoying his predicament more than I could ever have imagined.

His eyes hungrily drank me in and I just had to see his poor cock struggling in its metal tube. Take your clothes off, I said, more an order than a request and I enjoyed a tantalising tremor as he did what I commanded. The part of his cock that was still visible in the steel tube was red and, I imagined, painful. I patted the bed and he sat next to me. Kiss me, I demanded and his soft lips caressed mine as we hungrily kissed in the way we used to before we were married.

Knowing the kissing would go on for as long as I wanted was a thrill and knowing I didnt have to take care of his needs was an even bigger one. My own needs became urgent.

Please me, darling, I said breathlessly pushing his head to my pussy and amazed at how blatant and wanton I had become. And please me he did. My pussy was his whole world; his entire focus and I languished in his delightful tongue. I love cunnilingus and, in the early days of our relationship, Edward had professed to love it too. However, his interest waned after we were married and he was more interested in the two Fs, fellatio and fucking. Now, his interest had returned and we were making love instead of simply fucking.

I revelled in my orgasms and I savoured every sensation as they rolled over me. It had been a long time since I had more than one orgasm when enjoying sex, let alone two from cunnilingus. Sated, I stretched languidly like a cat and gently pushed his head away from my now sensitive pussy. Thank you, darling, I whispered, looking deep into his large brown eyes. That was wonderful.

I watched the emotions flash across his face. Firstly, hope that I would take pity on him and then defeat as he realised the key wasnt near so there was no hope of release that night. Did I please you? he asked hopefully, his lips slick from my juices, and I gently kissed him on his nose.

Yes, my darling, I smiled. You did. A strange show of pride flickered across his rugged face and I glanced down at his red confined cock. Now, I said. Come to bed. It was a wonderful feeling to fall asleep in the arms of my strong but captive husband. 

I was surprised when I received my morning cup of tea in bed on a tray with the newspaper and a single rose. So romantic and so sweet as he rushed around getting breakfast ready for me with an earnest look on his face. On my way to the bathroom, I stood on tiptoes and kissed his cheek. Thank you darling, I whispered. So sweet. I lightly patted his confined cock, enjoyed a long shower and a light breakfast. Leaving the dishes to Edward, I rushed to the office and spent the morning in court.

And so it went on for another glorious week. Edward treated me like a queen and I enjoyed every wonderful moment. He was becoming so adept at massaging and licking me that I came to expect it every night. One morning remembering the orgasms from the night before as I applied my make up, I giggled at the reflection of he salacious woman I had become.

Deep down, I did understand it wasnt as pleasant for Edward as he struggled with his increasing frustration. I must admit I enjoyed teasing him a little more each day by walking around in my underwear, adjusting my pantyhose and bra in front of him. I would smile to myself when I heard his little sighs. 

Things were progressing nicely and I wondered if I would ever make the decision to let him go free. Did I really need his cock, I wondered when his tongue was so pleasing? 

It had been an exciting two weeks I thought to myself as I entered my favourite restaurant. It was lunchtime and the restaurant was full.

Good afternoon, Mrs Harrison. Your guest has arrived. I followed the waiter to the table and smiled as my guest looked up at me nervously.

Hello, Amanda, I said evenly as I sat down.

Mrs Harrison, she replied in that annoying Australian accent.

How are you? I inquired. Well, I hope?

Im fine, she snapped. Can we get to the point?

Point? I said innocently, signalling to the waiter to bring my favourite red wine. As he poured it, I pointed at the bottle. A fine South Australian wine, Amanda, I said

Great, she snapped. Look, Mrs Harrison, Im sorry about all of this but it was just one of those things. Ive had two weeks off looking for a new job so you dont have to worry. Ill leave him alone when I go back to the office tomorrow.

Im not worried at all, I said as I sipped the wine. Glorious taste, I thought as I let it swirl around my mouth.

It was a fling. Nothing more, she said.

Really? I raised an eyebrow and she swigged on the wine.

Well, she admitted. I wanted more but he wouldnt leave you. She looked up at me. You should know that, she said and I felt a rush of affection for Edward. . We took a moment to order and she looked steadily at me as she handed the menu to the waiter So, she said sipping at her wine this time instead of gulping.  What do you want?

Want? Nothing? I want to get to know you and find out why my husband found you so irresistible.

Amanda laughed knowingly. Legs, she said, lowering her voice as she looked around the restaurant, her beautiful face flushed from the wine. You know hes got a leg fetish? she confided.

I had no idea what she meant. Ah, well, of course, I said, smiling at the waiter as he filled my wineglass.

Amanda gaped at me. You had no idea, she said, amazed.

Shrugging, I toyed with my knife and fork. Of course I know that all men find womens legs attractive and that there are various kinds of attractiveness or, should I say, various degrees of attractiveness, I said, tailing off under her bemused gaze.

He just loves womens legs. Legs in stockings, high heels, pantyhose, whatever. A glimpse and it gets him hard, she said, tapping the side of her nose knowingly. He cant help himself.

You dont say.

I do say! she laughed. Mrs Harrison, she began but I cut her short.

Julia, please, I insisted.

She smiled gratefully. Julia, show him a bit of stocking and it drives him wild. The waiters arrived with our salads and we sat giggling together like schoolgirls until they left. Amanda became serious. So, Julia, you want me to leave the office?

No reason for that, I said mildly.

But, what if, you know she tailed off.

You drive him wild with your stockings? I finished, giggling. He wont be able to do anything about it now, Amanda. 

She appeared puzzled. Julia, I dont know what hes promised you but I know men. 

Ive put him in a chastity belt, I announced calmly and she dropped her knife with a clatter, her mouth hanging open.

What!

I think you heard, my dear, I said, sipping some more wine. You can flash your stockings as much as you like, he wont be able to do anything about it no matter how aroused he gets. You see, I said, leaning forward in conspiracy. He cant get his thing hard. I think everyone in the restaurant turned to look at Amanda as she shrieked with laughter for what seemed like ages.

Julia, she said when she finally calmed down. I think Im going to like you.

Im glad, I murmured. I think you can teach me a few things about men.

I think I might be able to learn one or two things from you, she said, erupting in a fit of giggles once again.

A few nights later I slowly crossed my legs as Edward served my coffee. I smiled to myself as he gaped at the expanse of black nylon revealed by the short skirt and the flash of lace stocking tops. Thank you, darling, I said as I accepted the cup from his shaking hand. Anything wrong?

Stockings, he grunted in anguish. Youre wearing stockings.

Yes, I said sweetly, daintily letting my skirt roll up to completely reveal the stocking tops and suspenders. Im told its the latest fashion. Do you like them?

Yes, he muttered and busied himself with clearing the cups. I finished my coffee, stood and walked to the bedroom door, my panties beginning to become wet. Ill wait for you, darling. And, seeing you like the stockings so much, Ill leave them on. He made a guttural sound as I vanished into the bedroom.

Lying on the bed dressed only in the suspender belt and stockings, I waited for my controlled husband. Slowly, he walked in, naked with his head bowed and his cock red and painful in its metal tube. We or rather I, had decided a few days ago that he should undress in the study present himself naked so he had to walk through the flat nude as he went to service his wife.

He sat on the side of the bed, holding his head in his hands. Suddenly, he started sobbing and I watched as the tears rolled down his face and his huge hairy chest heaved.

There, there, I cooed as I cradled him against my bare breasts and my nylon covered legs rubbing against his body. Whats wrong, darling? I asked innocently.

I cant stand it, he sobbed. Please, Julia, Im begging you. Ill know youll punish me for asking but if you love me, please, he cried, please give me relief!

But darling, I protested. Youve been doing so well.

You keep teasing me! he accused. And that bitch Amanda keeps flashing her stockings at me. And now, youre wearing them! Please, Julia, he begged. Ill do anything.

Anything?

Anything! Anything at all! Please.

All right, darling, I said and he looked up at with hope spreading over his tear stained face. Tonight was going to be the night, I lied and his face fell. But you do know the rules so Im going to add a further three days. That means Saturday night will be the night. If, I added, you please me really well over those days.

Of course, he cried and hugged me.

Smiling, I lay back on the pillows and spread my legs. Well, darling? I purred and he began his nightly task with gusto. Life really was wonderful. And it continued to be so over the next three days.

We enjoyed a wonderful meal on Saturday night at our favourite restaurant and Edward had been hypnotised by the flash of my stocking tops and my nylon covered ankles all evening. I took the opportunity to lean against him many times so he could feel my soft flesh through my clothes as well as caressing his leg with my stocking covered toes.

By the time we arrived at the flat, he was trembling with anticipation. Get me a nightcap, darling, I said softly. And then get naked. His hand was shaking as he handed me my drink and I sat on the sofa waiting, sipping it.

He rushed back into the room, an eager look on his handsome face. Theres an old Harrods box at the bottom of my wardrobe. Get it, please. Again, he was gone with a rush, returning quickly. Open it.

A puzzled look appeared on his face as he studied the contents and I smiled to myself. The manacles lock on your feet, darling, I said. He opened his mouth to say something but stopped quickly and locked the manacles around his ankles. Walk for me, I requested and he hobbled around the room. Perfect, I said. Take the collar and the wrist manacle and put it on. The wrist manacle goes on your left hand. 

Hobbled, with only one hand free, he stood trembling in the centre of the room, completely under my control. Come here, I ordered and he was entranced as I removed his chastity device. Immediately, his cock sprang to full attention. Now, kneel in front of me. Edward complied and I slowly allowed my legs to fall apart as I slid my skirt up around my thighs. He licked his suddenly dry lips as he stared at my black stockings, suspender belt and very wet black lace panties.

Do you like that, darling? I whispered.

Yes, he croaked.

Youve been a good boy. Do you want to cum?

Please, he whispered. Please.

You did say you would do anything, I reminded him and he nodded vigorously. Im going to let you play with yourself, darling. Until you spurt. I dont think it will take long, I giggled.

But, he protested, still staring at my panties. I want to make love, Julia. Its been so long, he moaned.

But I dont want to, darling, I said sweetly. I quite enjoy the way things are. This is your only opportunity, I said firmly. Get on with it. He looked so downcast that I felt a tinge of regret but it suddenly passed at the memory of the wonderful events of the past two weeks. If you like, you can stare at my stockings and panties while you do it, I said softly. Even kiss them, if you like, I added.

Sighing, he gripped his rampart cock with his free hand and, trembling and shaking, he started to pull it while staring fixedly at my crotch. After a moment, he leaned forward and rubbed his cheek against my stocking covered thigh while I tousled his hair with my fingers.

 I was right, it didnt take long and I giggled as his face contorted and grunting and groaning he spurted a huge load of cum over my shoes and ankles. He always did look sweet when he orgasmed.

I wrinkled my nose. Youve made a bit of a mess, darling, I giggled and he blushed furiously. I took some tissues from the box on the coffee table and handed them to him. Clean my shoes and stockings, dearest.

He wiped his cum off my shoes and ankles slowly, head bowed at his task. After a moment, he raised his eyes to look at me. What now? he asked in a monotone as if he all ready knew the answer.

Why, darling, I said brightly. You put the chastity tube back on. You see, I confided. I prefer you this way. Its so much nicer. I adjusted my skirt and my stockings disappeared from his view. Now, get a washcloth so I can clean you up before I put it back on.

Sullenly, he stared at me, resentment in his eyes. Let me explain, I said calmly. A messenger will arrive soon with the keys for the manacles. He will only give those keys to me. Those are his strict instructions. I will not accept those keys, darling, unless I can give him the key to your chastity tube to deposit for me.

He slowly hobbled to the bathroom and I noticed his face was wet from tears as he handed me the washcloth. I wiped him clean as he stood there with his head hanging and locked his flaccid cock into its confinement just as the doorbell rang. Slipping the key into an envelope, I handed it to the messenger and took an envelope in return. Shutting the door, I tossed the envelope to Edward.

Unlock your manacles, I said, undoing my skirt as I walked towards the bedroom.  Standing against the door in my stockings, suspenders and the skirt draped over my shoulder, I smiled at my captive husband. The bedroom, darling, I commanded. I believe Mrs Harrison requires your urgent attention. 
Nessus29@hotmail.com









