The Birthday Present
by BlackBunny

'Do you trust me?' he asked.
'Yes,' I lied. Well, sort of lied, because I sort of trusted him.
'Are you ready for your present?'
'That depends what it is...' I giggled nervously.
'Okay, well you have to trust me then,'
'Strip.' It was a definite command, not a request, and although I knew he'd never hurt me, I was slightly nervous.
I took hold of my own tight black t shirt, peeling it slowly over my stomach and even more slowly over my small but tingling breasts.

'Don't take too long,' he said as he walked out of the bedroom, 'give me a yell when you're naked.' I was a bit disappointed, as he was one of those guys that makes my clit tingle even when he kisses my neck, but I knew that there must be something more to it than that.
There had to be.

I took down my jeans, casually slipping them over my feet, and slowly peeled off my small, black thong panties, enjoying the fact that I was alone (sort of) and feeling strangely horny. I stood there, in my push up bra - looked down, and thought how ridiculous and unsexy I would look if anyone walked in. Right - socks first. I reached around to unhook my bra. As it came loose, I felt my breasts slowly mould back to their normal, natural position. 'Okay!' I called.

He came back in and looked at me, not a flicker in his eyes. I was disappointed. Very. 'You're not naked yet,' he said, his hand sliding over my neck chain , then my bracelet.
'You mean everything?' I asked, slightly bemused.
'Everything,' he said, 'All jewellery - bracelets, earrings - everything.'

Of course, I was intrigued, my nipples rock hard as so many scenarios flashed through my mind. What was he going to do? When? I took out all my earrings, removed my necklace, my ankle chain - everything. The first time I'd been truly naked in more than 5 years. No clothes, no jewellery - nothing. I stood there, slightly nervous, but horny, nonetheless. I moved my hand over my right breast, gently over my stomach and towards my fleshy mound. Slowly, gently, teasingly - I could already feel how wet I had become, yet I didn't really know why. Before my fingers found what I, by now, so achingly wanted, he walked back in the room and said, 'Okay, lie on the bed.'
I thought, 'Right, this is it, I'm going to get a really good hard fuck. The sort that I love, when a guy takes control and builds things up until I'm really wet, and he doesn't even have to touch me.'
But no. He rolled me onto my front, my breasts warming slightly after being exposed, proud, to the air.
I lay, face down, wondering what was going to happen.

Don't move, don't speak,' he said, then, 'hang on...'
I wondered what was going to happen. I heard a weird scraping sound, but knew better than to look up. If it was a game, I was expected to play, After all, his games had always been fun in the past.
'Lift your head back,' he said. I tilted my head back and felt his hands across my mouth. Then I felt thick electrical tape. He'd gagged me.
This was new, especially done like this. I was tingling, and my left hand moved beneath me, just to alleviate some of the tingling that I could already feel between my legs.
'Leave it!' he commanded.

So, I lay there, completely naked, face downwards, effectively gagged.
Suddenly, my hands were pulled behind me - not roughly, but, well, assertively, and my wrists were bound tightly together behind my back. My ankles were then bound too, being pulled up behind me, towards my wrists. Then he tied the two pieces of rope together, so that I was trussed like a piece of meat - hands and feet behind me, gagged and helpless.
'Am I being really stupid?' I asked myself. But, too late. I was tied expertly. He blindfolded me and said, 'Now you'll have to wait.'

It seemed like an hour, but can't have been more than ten minutes or so, when he returned.
Almost effortlessly, he picked me up - no mean feat, as I am not a small girl - slung me over his shoulder, and carried me a few steps down the driveway to his car. He lowered me gently into the boot of the car - naked, gagged and bound. I began to worry that this was one game that was going to go to far. I heard the boot close above my head. Luckily, at the end of that May, it was fairly warm, but I could feel the pimples rising all over my body. My nipples were solid and I could feel my own wetness flowing down my inner thighs in anticipation.
I was scared. Very scared in fact. I had always trusted him before and he'd never let me down. But you never know with men...

Although it was warm, I shivered slightly in the boot of the car. Partly with cold, but, in equal parts, fear and delicious anticipation. Could I trust anyone this much? Would my family get phone calls tomorrow, saying that my naked and bound body had been found in some remote place?
Then I started to get scared. I'd known him for a couple of years, but did I really know him? You hear all sorts of stories...

I couldn't kick the side of the car to get attention. I was too well tied. In fact, I could hardly move. It occurred to me then that perhaps I had been really stupid. I lay there, on the verge of tears, but not quite crying. Yes, I'd asked to be tied up several times. Yes, I'd even asked for BDSM sessions and throroughly enjoyed being tied up before. Even tortured. I loved the nipple clamps, though they hurt like hell. I'd loved the needles that were pushed deep into my navel. I'd loved being slapped, whipped, fucked hard with all sorts of inanimate objects, but this was different. Very different. I could sense the cloying smell of petrol and oil mix already. I worried that when the car started, I might suffocate. All sorts of things went through my head. Then I heard footsteps.
It was all a joke, he was going to let me out now and say 'Don't worry - got you going there'. But no. Two O'clock in the morning and I heard the car door slam, after the footsteps crunching on the gravel.
There was nothing I could do. I was helpless. 'No, he wouldn't hurt me,' I consoled myself. The car pulled away, and my nude body jerked backwards as it sped up, turning left from the driveway. At least, that's what I guessed. That's what it felt like.

The journey seemed to last several hours, though, in reality, I suppose it must have just been around 35 minutes. Towards the end, the car bumped and jostled over the ground. I supposed we must be in a car park, or perhaps even travelling across rough ground.

The car stopped. The engine died. Silence. I shivered again. Nothing happened. I lay there in the dark, wondering what was going to happen to me. Another five minutes went by. Still nothing. Then I heard the driver's door close, quietly this time. A rush of cool air played over my body as the car boot was opened. I lay there, waiting for the feel of rough hands across my back, my breasts, my legs. Nothing. He must have stood there, looking at my naked, helpless body for ages. Or so it seemed.

Suddenly, hands grabbed my shoulders. Then more hands grabbed my legs, around the knees. Oh God, there were at least two people. Who else was seeing my naked and bound body? I felt the old tingle of excitement return, as I realised that my demise was less likely! I was hauled from the car and carried, quite gently I thought, for at least ten minutes. 'That's far enough,' I heard him say. My body was lowered to the ground. It was soft, not uncomfortable, and I lay there, helpless and listened. I heard a sound. The rustle of money. 'This should cover it.' Footsteps quietly faded away, towards my left. Silence again.

Nothing was said. Had he left? Was I lying there in front of a stranger? Or was he still there? Hands pulled at the knots around my wrists, loosening not my hands, but my feet. As my legs were straightened, I could feel them aching. If I'd been able to stand, the pins and needles that I felt would have prevented me from running. Now the ropes around my ankles were being loosened. What was happening? My legs were freed now, though ropes still vaguely cut into my ankles. I heard what sounded like a tent peg being driven hard into the ground.
Suddenly, my right leg was pulled away to the right. The rope was not undone, instead, I guessed that the other end was being tied to something. Slowly it dawned on me. If I was right, I was being pegged out on the ground! The other ankle went to the left and was tied tightly. I was pulled into a sitting position and my arms freed from behind me. I hadn't heard a third or fourth peg driven into the ground. My arms were numb, so there was little I could do to defend myself. My left arm was stretched out, away to my left, pulled, to see how far my body would stretch. Then I heard the peg being driven into the ground. My arm was quickly and expertly tied - wrist to peg. Still silence. Now I was helpless again.

My right arm was tied too. Tight. My body was stretched out on the ground, I could feel my ribs hitting the skin of my chest, my belly sunken in towards the ground. I must have looked like some kind of medieval torture victim to whoever was witnessing what was happening. How many people were there? As far as I knew, only one now. I tried to remember the footsteps I had heard earlier. I had been so disorientated that I couldn't remember.

At least I was slightly more comfortable now. My legs were stretched far apart. I could feel the soft breeze slowly drying the wetness between my legs. Then, involuntarily, I would get wetter, the breeze drying me again. Still silence. I could just make out what looked like lightning from beneath my blindfold. Surely not? It was flashing from all directions. A camera! Some bastard was photographing my naked body, stretched and pegged out on the ground. And I started enjoying it, getting wetter, my nipples still as hard as granite. My nipples are small anyway, but to this photographer, they must have looked like pinpricks, I was so turned on. Well, happy birthday to me, I thought, realising that my day was three hours or so over already. In the distance, I heard a car door. Odd, I hadn't heard the engine as the car had arrived. Soon, footsteps came nearer. At least two sets.
His voice said, 'Ready?' Mumbles of assent, and I lay, gagged, blindfolded and tied, wondering what was about to happen.

'Happy Birthday, darling,' he whispered into my ear. I was trembling again now. There were at least three people looking at my prone and naked body, while I, bound tightly, was helpless to stop them. It was turning me on so much. My nipples pointed straight up towards what I knew was a bright moonlit sky. My love juices were readily flowing from my throbbing hole, as I tensed slightly in expectation of the first touch.

'Okay,' he said, and to my utter disappointment, the footsteps receded into the distance. I strained to hear something. Anything. Twigs cracked occasionally, the beat of the distant wings of some nocturnal bird disturbed the warm air in the distance. I was alone. I was sure of it. I was still turned on more than I would ever have imagined. Whatever happened to me was beyond my control. No one could call me a sl*t for this one.
I would be blameless. Guilt free. It was liberating, although I could barely move! I never believed that someone could do something like this to me and that I could get so turned on without even being touched. Turned on, yes, but unable to do anything about it. I desperately wanted to untie one of my hands, not to free myself, but purely so that I could assuage that throbbing ache between my pussy lips.

Try as I might though, I couldn't loosen the ropes even slightly. This was so unfair, but oh so exquisite. I imagined a thousand eyes, poring over my pale, naked, milky flesh, as they stared out from the surrounding woodland, for that's where I presumed I was. Well, he'd already photographed me, pegged out like this, and he always showed me the photographs he took. I would eventually see what I looked like in this wonderful predicament.
I felt like I had been lying there for well over an hour, so my guess was that it must be nearly four in the morning.
I was starting to get cold, and I shivered involuntarily. A footstep? I wasn't sure. It had been so quiet that even my small spasm in the cold had dulled my ears to other sounds. The blindfold partly covered my ears too, so I was having even more difficulty detecting what I was now sure were tiny, stealthy movements. I couldn't hear them but I could sense them. Someone was crouching over me, to my right, just at the side of my shoulder.
I sensed them getting nearer. I shifted slightly in growing anticipation. Who was it? Was it him? Was it whichever of his friends he had brought with him?

Was it just someone walking in the night? A stranger? A stranger was staring at my small, round, pert, naked breasts. They hadn't said anything, so they must be thinking they could have some fun. It seemed obvious that they didn't intend to release me, or they would have done so by now. They would have spoken. I couldn't cry out, ask who they were. The thick tape ensured that. I could barely make a sound. I was completely naked and at the mercy of a total stranger. I felt warm, thankfully clean breath on my cheek. The breath moved slightly lower down my body, yet still, no one had touched me.

I felt that warm breath getting closer to my right breast. Slowly it got even nearer, until I could feel it warming my right nipple. Closer, closer. 'Oh PLEASE suck my nipple,' I screamed inside my head. I no longer cared if this person was a stranger or not. I wanted to be touched, my body caressed, stroked, my nipples tweaked, flicked, sucked, pinched, my navel licked and fingered. I wanted to feel fingers, a mouth, or perhaps even the head of this guys cock pressing against my clit, just to give some release from such tantalisingly suppressed delight that I knew I would feel.

I was sure that at the slightest touch, my clit would* explode in an exquisite pulse of juices, that I would start to spasm, my vaginal muscles working in harmony with my womb and stomach muscles, to produce those oh so wonderful fits and contractions that would push even more of that strong, musky liquid from my body in ever growing spurts. It had been a while since I'd ejaculated when I'd come, but I knew that this time it would be inevitable.

Suddenly, I felt a hand at my right ankle. I was being untied! Sort of a disappointment, but perhaps I'd get what I so desperately needed. I felt my left leg free. Okay, I was still helpless, but at least I could move a limb! Now this person was working on the knots on the right ankle. I could move (sort of) and the sensation of my lips rubbing over my clit was heaven! I felt my legs pulled together by the ropes as the right ankle came free.

Then, without warning, this person grabbed both ropes, and hauled my ankles over my head! They the proceeded to peg me down again, each ankle pegged next to the corresponding wrist. I was flat on my back, legs spread, and arse in the air. This was unexpected... I was, again, securely tied, and unable to move, but now, in just as, if not more of a compromising position. Blood rushed everywhere, mainly to my head, and I wondered what was coming next - the fleeting relief of having my legs together was no more. They were spread apart again, with no hope of gently crushing my clit between my pussy lips again. Was that a touch? A finger? A tongue? Something had briefly stroked my labia. Just enough to tickle my lips and smear some of my wetness away from my throbbing love hole. I could feel it trickling, like a stream, where a small channel has been dug away from the main flow.

It dribbled down the back of my left thigh. I gasped, through my nose, as my mouth was still bound.
Yes, it was a finger. I could feel it. Now another - both together.* They pushed against my lips, and probed gently. Oh God, PLEASE push those fingers in, rub my lips, my clit, let me come all over those delicious fingers that would finally give me the longed for relief! The fingers went in, slowly, tantalisingly, avoiding my clit. I would have sworn, if I'd been able to... The fingers worked their way in and out, studiously avoiding my small but aching love button, pushing my lips further apart as, each time, they sank deeper and deeper inside me. They probed the front wall of my vagina, rubbing gently at where they guessed my G spot to be. They didn't hit it, but wow, it felt good. Then the fingers slipped away. Nothing. I waited, gasping through my nose, thinking that if I came, I would suffocate - I wouldn't be able to breathe like that just through my nose.

Oh Christ, no - A tongue. The stranger was licking me. He was well shaven - soft, young? Womanly? I could feel my juices being lapped up. This was someone who had done it before. Each drop was carefully licked from around my anus, swallowed (I could hear it) then they worked around my perineum. Lick, swallow, lick, swallow. Then up from between my labia in long, slow strokes, the tongue gently darting in and out with each pass. I felt hands on the backs of my thighs. Fingernails dug painfully into my flesh, as this person - woman(!) - leant further over me, each stroke of the tongue getting nearer and nearer to my clitoris. I felt the long, sensuous lick, the nails, could now smell the perfume too. Coco Chanel. Musky, heavy, but not heavy enough to disguise the hot, all pervading musk of my own sex. PLEASE, PLEASE reach my clit - I'm BURSTING!!! But no. with the last swallow, she stopped. My legs were left exactly where they were... A very feminine voice that I thought I recognised, whispered, 'Happy Birthday,' Then the footsteps faded away into the night. Again, I was alone, in an even more uncomfortable position, Still not sated, even more horny. If anyone was ever going to ram a huge, throbbing cock up me - please do it now...

This time the wait seemed endless. I had begun to expect someone else to come to me. If this was a game, then I was beginning to enjoy playing. Yes, I was uncomfortable, my legs ached, my back ached, my arms were numb again and, worst of all, I needed to pee. Again, footsteps. More than one person. Two? Three? They were around me now.
I heard the sound of zips, the rustle of clothes- trousers being removed - finally! Rough fingers dipped themselves between my legs, almost scooping the wetness from me. They massaged my anus, lubricating me with my own juices. At the same time, hands were massaging my breasts from both sides.

A finger was inserted into my anus, pushing my own juices inside me. It was uncomfortable, but not too bad. Another finger. That hurt a bit. The fingers dipped again and were inserted once more. It didn't hurt so much this time. Then, almost without warning, a large, very hard cock was pushed inside me. Slowly, but slightly clumsily. A very sharp intake of breath from me then. That hurt. It took a few seconds to get used to the sensation. I'd only done anal a couple of times before, and then, using proper lubricants, and without the fact that I was so uncomfortable. I could hear the grunting, feel my breasts being gently massaged.

The guy who was 'doing' me slowly pushed his cock the whole way into me. I could feel the tears welling up under the blindfold. It had only been perhaps thirty seconds so far, and although I really was enjoying it, I wasn't sure how long I could take this. Just as that though crossed my mind, I felt a massive spasm in the guys cock, as he shot quite a considerable load up inside me. His cock spasmed and twitched, until I'd taken every last drop. He withdrew and my legs were swiftly untied and pegged back in their previous position. Cum was dripping from me. It cooled quickly as it left my body, and I could feel it running down between my legs. A voice whispered, 'Happy Birthday,' and almost straight away, I felt the weight of another guy on top of me.

This guy was really big. And heaven of heavens, I felt the head of his cock pushing between my lips, rubbing my clit at last. Even though this guy was big, he slipped in easily, I was so soaking wet. He fucked me hard, unable to fit his whole length inside me, but trying his best. Normally, this would have hurt, but I was so turned on, I just didn't care. My clit was being rubbed so hard and so sweetly, exactly what I wanted. I came almost immediately, my body writhing under his, two mouths on my nipples, making them harder than ever. It didn't take too long for this guy to come too, and for the second time in five minutes, I felt a burning hot wad of semen spurting inside my body. As he withdrew, I lay there gasping, trying to catch my breath. 'Happy Birthday,' another whisper.

Almost immediately, another guy was mounting me. Not as big as the previous one, but large enough to fill me. He pumped away at my body, which, by now, was aching even more. I felt tired and slightly sore.
Even so, he kept going, and lasted alot longer than the previous guy. My clit ached now. It was tender and swollen. Eventually the third guy came and again, I felt that hot, sticky spurt. My nipples were getting tender from all the attention they'd had, and I started to hope that they would let me recover for a while. I lay there, dripping, my own juices mingling with those of three different guys. My c*nt was sore, my nipples ached and I lay, breathing heavily.
'Happy Birthday,' the last whisper. More footsteps. 'Are you sure?' I heard a whisper. 'Absolutely,' came the reply - the woman was back. What was she absolutely sure about? The guys' footsteps went away again. I was left with the woman. What a relief. At least I would get some kind of a rest before another granite hard cock was pushed into my body. 'You're going to love this,' she whispered. Gently, the mess of semen was wiped from my body.
I could feel the goose pimples all over my body - partly from excitement, but mainly from the slight chill I was now feeling.

The woman stroked the inside of my right arm with what felt like a bunch of grass. A couple of seconds later, the pain hit me. It wasn't grass.
The b*tch was holding a bunch of nettles. Part of me wanted to be untied, to stop this game now. The other (greater) part of me knew that no one was going to seriously hurt me and that I might even enjoy this. The inside of my arm burned slightly, the flesh itching like mad as I knew that the small red welts from the mild sting of the nettles were rising on my skin. What the hell was this going to feel like?

She pulled the nettles away from my arm. I had no idea where they were going to go next. I was shaking involuntarily again. A touch around my left nipple - God that felt weird! My nipple immediately sprung back to rigid attention and started to tingle and throb. I could feel it swelling already. The really strange thing was that the sensation had far more effect on my pussy. I was dribbling again and although my nipple was continuing to swell, I could feel my clit throbbing in time. I must have made some sort of sound - a squeak I expect, as I heard, 'shhh!'. My right nipple suffered the same fate and again, I could feel the soft, tender flesh rising in protest. Both nipples were throbbing now in unison, and I could feel my blood joining them as I noticed the throbbing in my head. The nettles were dragged down my abdomen, being gently rubbed around my navel. By now, I could hardly tell if I was still being touched or not. Then I knew. The leaves were stroked along the full length of my dripping pussy, back first, working their way right up and over my clit. The pain was excrutiating. I thrashed about wildly, trying to scream, but no sound would have come out even if I hadn't been gagged.

Suddenly the pain was replaced by the sweetest sensation I'd ever felt in my life. The initial sting had died down and had been replaced by a wonderful, throbbing ache. If you've ever been really turned on, but unable to touch yourself, multiply that feeling by a hundred and you might get some idea what it felt like. I almost couldn't bear it. I needed to be touched. I needed to have my poor, sore nipples gently sucked, my pussy to be touched. This woman must have been a mind reader, as before I knew it, firm fingers were pressing against my hole, massaging me into a frenzy. I came hard, and although my clit was so well used and sore, the sensation was wonderful.

I shuddered as wave after wave engulfed my body, nearly wrenching my shoulders as I strained against the ropes that held me down so effectively. Finally, my quivering body came to rest and I lay there, nipples, belly and love hole all tingling and breathed hard. Footsteps yet again. Alot of them. I felt my legs and arms untied, but my limbs were still numb. My body was still trying to recover from the latest marvellous cum. I was carried, face upwards, across ground, a strong hand holding each wrist and ankle. I had given up. I would just let them do whatever they wanted to do to my body.

I was so tired now. I was positioned, kneeling, with my back to a large tree. My arms were tied behind me, so that I must have looked like I was hugging the tree behind me. My ankles were tied too, so that my legs were apart, a rope tied from one ankle, round the tree, and attached to my other ankle. The gag was removed, and I breathed in heavily, relishing the cool, sweet air. A voice whispered, 'Bite and you'll get loads of this...' I wondered what 'this' was, until a large hand clamped over my mouth and I felt the sharp sting of a wooden switch across my stomach. It REALLY hurt. 'You gonna bite?' the voice whispered. 'No,' I whimpered. 'Good girl.'

Although I could breathe, I still couldn't see, and the ropes around my wrists and ankles were starting to really bite into my soft, tender flesh.

Why the hell would I bite if they took off the gag? I could hardly attack them, while I was trussed up like that. Then it dawned on me. I'd been on my knees plenty of times before, and usually only for one thing. just as that thought occurred, the head of a good, stiff cock was pushed against my mouth. I didn't really have an option, did I? I slowly opened my mouth and the guy slowly pushed his manhood in.

I closed my lips around the shaft and gently sucked, rolling my tongue around him. He withdrew slightly, then pushed back in. So this was the way he wanted it? I stopped moving my tongue, and clamped my lips round him, allowing him to gently thrust his cock in and out of my mouth. I could hear him groaning slightly, and braced myself for the moment when yet another shot of sticky cum would enter my body. 'You're going to have to swallow,' another voice said. Well, no hardship there, I thought. I've ALWAYS swallowed. It's just not polite to spit, is it? Another few thrusts and his semen hit the back of my throat.

He'd stopped thrusting and was just staying motionless, his still erect cock throbbing in my mouth. I started sucking again - I was going to suck him dry. I swallowed more, feeling the hot, white liquid flowing slowly down my throat. I don't know how to describe the sensation to a guy, but cum doesn't always go down like water... Sometimes you have to swallow several times to get it down. Anyway. This lot went down! I was amazed at how quickly he'd come, but, in a way, slightly relieved, as I was seriously worried about choking. He withdrew, and a knelt there, breathing heavily, the warm, slightly salty taste lingering on my tongue. I must have smiled slightly, as a voice asked, 'Enjoy that, did you? Well, get used to it.'

Another cock was pushed against my lips, so I opened up - no option really. I started to wonder how much cum I was going to have to swallow. I've done three guys at a time before, but there was a bit of breathing space between each time! From the whispered voices, I reckoned there must be at least four guys. Well, I'll try anything. This guy was different.

He tasted different, he was bigger, but he wasn't thrusting. His cock just lay there in my mouth. He must be expecting me to do all the work, I thought. So again, my tongue roamed around his hard shaft, my head backing away, only to return to take even more of him inside me. I trailed my tongue along the underside of him, right to the head, and tickled the end with my tongue. I continued like this for a while, each time, attempting to swallow even more of his dick. I couldn't believe how much of him I'd managed to take into my mouth, but I was enjoying every moment. That was it. The light, liquid smack against the back of my throat. Two 'down' how many
more to go?

He withdrew and I actually had some space to take a gasp for air. Being blindfolded was a real problem here. I could only use my hearing to judge what was happening and how many people were around. I suddenly realised how cold I was becoming. I was still completely naked, the only covering my body had was the tree against my back and the ropes around my wrists and ankles.

Another large, stiff cock. The guy sort of wiped the head around my lips, not pushing into my mouth. I obligingly opened up for him, but he teased the head in and out of my mouth. I licked as far as I could, but he continued to tease. After what seemed like around five minutes of this game, he thrust the whole thing into my mouth. In and out, the head of his cock hitting the back of my throat. He was big. I gagged, feeling like I was going to retch at any moment. Before I could do so, the now familiar hot, sticky wad of come hit once more. I could feel his body shudder as his seed spurted into me.*

Again, I had no option but to swallow the lot. This time, the guy didn’t become limp in my mouth - he stayed erect! He slowly started thrusting his cock in and out of my mouth, in a way that would have been very sensual if it hadn’t been for my predicament…
I ran my tongue around the large veins on the sides of his shaft, having to swallow several times to take the whole of his manhood. Eventually, he came again, though this time not quite so violently and without me having to swallow quite so much, thankfully. I’d begun to feel very slightly nauseous.

Then nothing. Not a sound. Then I heard voices in low whispers. Suddenly, my wrists and ankles were being untied. I’d lost all feeling in my hands and feet and wouldn’t have been able to walk or run anyway. I was half carried away from the tree, then placed on my back on the slightly damp grass. It was getting colder. I wasn’t tied again. This time, there were hands on both my wrists and ankles - four people holding me down.

I sensed someone standing above me. Something tickled my face slightly. I could smell a musky scent, which gradually became stronger. Then I realised, as the woman ground her pussy against my mouth. This was actually a welcome relief, at least I wouldn’t have to swallow any more cum. Tentatively, I began to lick, eventually finding her small, hard clit. Long strokes of my tongue, then tiny little flicks and darts in and out of her pussy. It must have only been thirty seconds, but she lowered herself down onto me hard, her body shaking in spasms as she orgasmed on my face, dribbling fluids around and into my waiting mouth. ‘Happy Birthday.’ She whispered, planting a soft kiss on my lips.

I was exhausted.

‘She looks a bit cold’ someone said. I thought I recognised the voice. There were mutterings and I was gently picked up and carried away. It was such a strange feeling - not being able to walk, my nipples and pussy still stinging from the nettles, the strong salty taste of semen in my mouth, mixed with the sweet muskiness of the woman. My hands and feet were still numb and my pussy ached from the pounding it had taken earlier.

I was gagged again with tape and gently lowered into the boot of the car. So, my ordeal was over - it had been scary at times, but such a horny experience, though one that I wouldn’t necessarily want to repeat too soon. I’d been fucked in every hole by at least four men and a woman - several times…

The car boot was closed above me. I heard an engine come to life,* but not that of the car I was in. The other vehicle pulled away as the engine started in ‘my’ car. The drive didn’t seem so long this time. We soon pulled to a halt and, still naked, blindfolded, gagged and with bound wrists, I was led along a gravel path, the small stones starting to hurt my feet. I recognised it - his house again. I was led inside - the warmth was a relief and I wondered if he would now untie me. More people were coming into the house though - not just the two of us. I felt the tears welling up again. I didn’t know if I could take much more.

I was led up the staircase - first floor then second. Then up again - into the attic! I hadn’t been up there in ages, not since I’d helped him move a load of rubbish out to throw away. I knew there were still a few bits of rubbish still up there and was slightly worried about tripping over. It was suddenly quite cold again. I could feel tiny wisps of air blowing through the roof where some of the tiles had worked slightly loose.

The footsteps behind me carried on. It sounded like the four guys and the woman had all joined us. I wondered what I was about to be subjected to…

I was gently positioned, standing at the side of the attic. Still blindfolded and gagged. My arms were raised up by two sets of hands and I felt my wrists being handcuffed to something. No way out now. Then my legs were forced apart and I felt them being tied into position. A weird sound. Like tearing. What was it? Then I realised, it was electrical tape, but what were they going to do with it? It was already over my mouth and I was pretty securely bound, both hand and foot. Then I felt it - strips of tape strategically placed over my nipples - it felt like they’d positioned the strips of tape in a cross shape, but I was unsure.

Why had they done that? It felt strange, as I still had the residual throbbing in my nipples from the ordeal with the nettles earlier. It wasn’t too uncomfortable, so I accepted what was happening - what else could I do? I was hardly in a position to stop them doing whatever they wanted to my sore, aching, naked body. I’d been without any clothing for a good five hours now and was shivering involuntarily. Being stretched like that actually made it feel worse.

Hands encircled my neck, putting on a leather collar. My blindfold was briefly removed, though my eyes couldn’t focus properly as I’d been unable to see for the last few hours. The blindfold was quickly replaced by another, more comfortable and of a softer material, but it was just as effective - once more, I was unable to see what was going on, but I’d caught a blurred glimpse of what I thought were at least four people seated opposite me, watching.

I stood, stretched and waiting. A hand suddenly stroked my bare, exposed belly, a finger being poked into my belly button, probing and moving around. It felt odd, but not unpleasant. Then I felt two hands either side of my navel, the skin of my belly being stretched outwards, exposing the tender centre of my button. Then I felt a sharp, stabbing pain as a needle was thrust into the centre of my navel, then another, and another. Soon there must have been five of six, I couldn’t tell, as after the initial pain, everything dulled. I was stretched there, strung up, needles sticking out of my belly button, utterly helpless. ‘You’ll enjoy this.’

I felt a slap on my belly, just below the needles. It was fairly gentle, and only stung slightly. Then another slap, just above. ‘This, you might not like.’

Another slap, this time it must have been right over the needles as they were driven at least another quarter of an inch into my body. I gasped through my nose. The feeling wasn’t painful, but had sent a shock right down my abdomen, ending deliciously between my legs. I could feel myself getting wetter again. Then, all at once, five pairs of hands were caressing my body, lips on my nipples, squeezing my buttocks, flicking against my pussy lips. The needles were roughly and unceremoniously pulled from my belly button and replaced with the sweet sensation of a soft, exploring tongue, soothing the tiny wounds. ‘My God, look at that!’ I wondered what it was that had caused that exclamation. ‘Wow, she’s SO wet!’

Well, I knew I was excited, but apparently visually so…* A hand darted between my legs for a second. The next thing I knew, fluid was being rubbed all over my naked stomach. I was soaking. Someone then started to slowly and diligently lick it all away, causing my flesh to pucker once more with goose bumps as it cooled. The whole process was then repeated. I was getting wetter and wetter by the moment.

The licking stopped, to be replaced by a hand on my left breast. They massaged gently, lulling me into a false sense of security. Without warning, the tape was ripped from my still tender nipple. I gasped again, feeling as though I would soon no longer be able to breathe. The tape on the other nipple soon followed and both felt very cold in the cool air of the attic.

A hand slid between my legs once again, gently massaging my pussy. I was so close to exploding as the fingertips slid over my clit for the fourth time. Then they stopped. I was uncuffed and laid on my back on the floor. My ankles were once again tied behind my head as before. I lay there completely exposed. Once again, a hand went between my legs, scooping up the wetness that had settled there. But instead of continuing, the hand massaged between my buttocks. Shortly, I felt something hard pushing against my asshole.

I tensed slightly, but hands held my buttocks apart and the hard, wet cock slid into my back passage. I wriggled around, trying to make him slip out as it felt quite uncomfortable. But the hands held me fast and slowly, the large, throbbing cock slid in and out of my body. He came quickly and slowly slid away, only to be replaced by another, larger, who came almost at once, then another. This lasted slightly longer, but I was distracted by teeth on both nipples, sucking, nibbling and sucking again. I felt the now familiar hot spurt inside me, fluid leaking out of me and cooling as it ran down my thighs and buttocks.

Was that the last one? No. The fourth guy entered me and pounded hard. This wasn’t as bad as it may seem, as I was now dilated and very well lubricated, plus the fact that my whole body had started to feel numb. The guy came, his seed exploding into me, his cock twitching in the last throes of orgasm. I felt pretty close myself, but was completely unable to do anything about it.

My legs were untied and I was laid out flat, but spreadeagled on my back in the attic, legs being tied once more.

I felt a soft kiss on my lips. ‘Happy Birthday’ a voice whispered. Then another kiss, ‘Happy Birthday’. Then two more, the same thing softly whispered.

I heard footsteps as the participants left the attic. Shortly, I heard the muted voices and the front door being closed. They’d left. Was I to be left here, tied in the attic? No, footsteps again, but this time, only one set. The tape was removed from my mouth and a gentle finger placed over my lips, ‘Shhhh.’ He said.

I felt a cloth cleaning me - it had been soaked in warm water and was such a relief after the chill that I’d felt. Once I’d been cleaned, I felt powerful but soft hands massaging a slightly oily liquid into my body. It was him. We were alone again at last. The sweet scented massage oil was rubbed expertly into my neck, breasts, stomach and legs. He concentrated on my belly button, a small pool of oil collecting in the small hollow of my stomach. He gently massaged it in, soothing the still slightly sore area where the needles had penetrated my flesh.

Then he entered me, his huge, erect penis pushing my lips apart and thrusting deep inside me. The sensation of his shaft against my clitoris was almost unbearable, I was so sore after being so used, but it was also exquisite at the same time. On the third thrust, I exploded in the most wonderful orgasm I’d ever felt - it had been building and building after all the time in the attic. I screamed loudly, not caring about making any noise or about who might hear. My body shuddered for some time as he continued to gently stroke me inside. In, out, in and out again. Gradually I came to a rest, unable to move.

I felt the ropes being untied from my wrists and ankles. He gently picked me up and carried me downstairs. I felt so weak, but so satisfied. He laid me in the bed, covering my body with cool silk sheets. He removed the blindfold and I realised that the first rays of the dawn sunlight were beaming through the tiny gap in the thick, velvet curtains.

I tried to focus as he kissed me tenderly on the lips. ‘Happy Birthday darling.’
