The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please! Give me your comments.

Dear Reader, This is satire.  Merry Christmas to all, and to all, a fun night!  E.Z.



CAROL'S CHRISTMAS   

Tomorrow would be Christmas.  The thought depressed me. 

In June, my husband left me for a friend of our daughter half my age. He left me with two
children, Mandy, 19, and Jason, 17. The six months since he departed had been almost
impossibly hard as I struggled to reenter the work force and keep my family together while
suffering the pains of abandonment and loss. 

I had always been a good wife, a loving and caring wife.  I worked hard to keep my body in shape
to please his eyes and his hands when they chose to wander over me. I strove to keep his house
clean, his table larded with the foods he desired, to make his home a happy and peaceful place for
him.  

I never denied him, never claimed headache or tiredness.  Never. Always, I eagerly and happily
did anything he wanted.  For all those years, I was the type of wife many men find only in their
sexual fantasies.  That is as it should be.  

I, too, enjoyed those activities.  My sex life with him had been rich and fully rewarding for me. 
My husband knew exactly how to please me, how to make me scream in pleasure. He called me
his Stradivarius.   

"I can play you like a master.  I can make you sing, Carol," he would whisper in my ear as I
groaned in joy.

I had dated many different men since he left me.  Some I bedded.  With none did I find the deep
and personal joy I found with my husband.  None made me cum like he did. I missed that more
then I missed him, I fear.  And, after six months, I desperately wished for a man who once again
could bring the songs of carnal pleasure from me. 

Is it true what they say about violins?  Do they need to be played daily to keep them at the peak
of their quality? I do not know if a violin of wood and strings is that way.  But, this violin, this
body of mine, needed to be played.

On Christmas Eve, we returned from Midnight Mass.  I kissed my children goodnight and
climbed into my cold and empty bed alone. Tears slipped from my eyes until sleep took me away.

At first, I thought it was a dream.  I felt my bed move so very slightly. I felt a faint touch on my
arms, felt them move under another's guidance, felt hands gentle on my wrists. Soft hands placed
something over my eyes. My eyes opened but I could not see. I knew it must be a dream.  Yet, I
tried to move, only to find my arms bound above me to my bed.

"What? What's happening?" I cried out.

A rough hand crushed my breast.  I felt my flesh ooze between my captor's fingers as pain
coursed through my body.  

"The big titted slut's awake," a voice said. "Let's play with her."

Humiliation crashed through me in waves of hurricane force.  My skin prickled as sweat poured
from every pore. The heat was overwhelming, making me fear I would faint. 

"No, please, no," I begged.  "Let me go."   

Hands on my legs.  I resisted vainly as they pulled them apart. Something hard was at the
entrance to my pussy.  

"Oh, God! Please!"

It pushed into me, filling me, as it was rammed into me until its head rested on my cervix. I heard
my cries as my captors yanked my legs together and bound my ankles. A hand jammed between
the soft flesh of my inner thighs made me squeal as fingers turned on the vibrator buried in me.   

"Oh, no, no.  What are you doing to me?" 

There was no response.  All was quiet except the buzzing of the substantial toy filling me to
capacity and the labored gasping of my own breathing.   Even if I had fought my own woman's
needs, it would have been in vain. But, I did not wish to fight my need as it exploded in me.  My
need.  It had been so long for me, so long since as orgasm. I twisted. I turned on my bed,
struggling against the bondage which held me, yanking against the ropes tying me securely.  Each
twist, each turn, seemed to magnify the energy wracking my body.

"Jesus, Mary and Joseph," escaped my lips as I struggled, trying to open my legs bound tightly
together.  

How cruel my captors were! How devilishly cruel on this dark Christmas morn!  They did not
touch me.  They let me squirm and twist and whimper as I struggled against the ropes, and felt
the massive toy so deep in me.  It was driving me mad with its vibrating.

"The slut seems to like this," one finally said. 

"Perhaps, she'd like to be whipped," spoke the other. 

"What did you say?"  I tried to clear my mind, tried to think.  But, the need for sexual release
overpowered conscious thought.

"Oh, my god in heaven. Sweet Jesus help me," I screamed as the lash caught me full across my
torso, its multiple strands reaching from my bloated and erect nipples and the flat of my stomach
under my navel.  

"Oh, please! Please!" I begged.   

I rolled over, my face buried, my hair in my mouth. The sheets seemed hard and rough on the
tender flesh of my breasts where the whip had caught me. I felt the lash again, then again, on my
ass and thighs exposed and available to my captors. 

"I....I... oh my god, oh my god."

In reflex, my legs jerked, bending at the knees, as the first telltale sign of a massive orgasm. 

"Oh, I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum! Oh, no.  You sorry bastards!" I yelled as my captors
grabbed my legs and straightened them.  My orgasm stopped. It stopped, leaving me in a heat and
need I could not stand.  "Please! Please! Let me cum!"

"What are you?" a voice next to my ear whispered.

"A hot slut.  A cock loving, hard fucking, hot slut! A slut who needs discipline!  A wild slut who
loves to be bound and fucked! Please.  It's Christmas, for Christ's sake!  Let me cum!"

Nails dug into my breasts, long hard nails, sharp and pointed. I squealed from the pain. 

"Do you like to eat pussy?" 

"Yes! Yes!"

A pussy covered my mouth.  It was hot and juicy, slimy with its own excretions. The smell was
overpowering as I buried my tongue in it, lapping the nectar there.   Oh, how sweet! What a
delicious pussy I thought as she ground into me.  My ankles were untied as I sucked and licked.
My legs were spread. No I wanted to scream as the vibrator was silenced and eased from me. 
No, don't, I would have said had not the pussy covering my face not rendered me speechless. I
squirmed as someone slapped me hard on the inside of my tender thighs.

The woman over me groaned.  Her hands grabbed my hair, yanking me further into her.  I lapped
frantically as her thighs spasmed around my head.  A gush of juices covered my tired but happy
face.  She groaned as she rolled off me. It seemed our mutual gasping for air harmonized,
breaking the silent night with the aftermath of sex.

A man was between my legs. I felt his prick nestle at my entrance. I whimpered, trying to get him
in me. I wrapped my legs around him, struggling to draw him into me. 

"Want to be fucked, slut?"  

"Yes. Yes!  Oh, God, don't tease me!  Fuck me!  Ram it as hard as you can!  I need it so!"

He slammed into me. 

"Oh, yes, Jesus, yes.  Fuck me with that magnificent cock!" I screamed as the muscles in my
thighs began to tighten.

"Oh, lord, lord. Oh, lord.  Please, lord.  Here I come! Here I come. Oh, please, lord. Ahhhhhhh!" 

It didn't stop! Sweet God in heaven, the orgasms didn't stop! 

"Fuck me! Don't stop.  In the name of God, don't stop!  Please!  More!  More!  Oh, god, please,
more!"

Orgasm after orgasm! Waves pounding me! Again and again and again!

Finally, I collapsed, my body inert, unable to move, to think, to orgasm one more time. I had
never been this satisfied. 

The man between my legs stopped.  I felt him crawl up me.  Then, I felt the hot spurts of jism as
he came on my face. I opened my mouth to catch it. I licked my lips, tasting him.  Hands untied
my arms from the headboard. Then, a collar was put around my neck.  The lock clicked loudly as
the collar was fastened to me. 

"We're having a Christmas Party at two this afternoon.  We've invited about ten guys and ten
girls," Mandy said.

"You'll be chained to this bed by your collar.  Anyone who wants you is going to have you,"
Jason continued. "You're going to fuck and suck and eat pussy until you can't move."

"Oh, my lord.  How did you know what I wanted for Christmas?" I replied, tears of joy streaming
down my face. 

"We love you, Mom.  We know what you want."

"Yeah, Mom. Merry Christmas."

"Merry Christmas, kids," I said, as I drifted back to sleep. 


The End and Ho, Ho Ho, to you.

Please! Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com  