



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================





 



Bred (MC, Mdom, wife, preg)
By Jenny (jdsjett@webtv.net)

re-scripted by
Homer Vargas (vargas111@yahoo.com)

with additions by
Sakka (Sakka66@aol.com)

***

This is an expanded and (we hope improved) version of the 
story "Bred by My Brother-In-Law" posted to Dark Wanderer 
by Jenny. A comparison will show this is still Jenny's 
story. HV has inserted some explanatory details and added 
dialogue. After posting of the expanded story, Sakka made 
some additional suggestions and added text that make the 
story even better, we think. 12/17/01


It all started out harmlessly enough. Ken and Suzie were 
over at our house having dinner -- again! I never 
particularly liked these occasions. Ken was resentful of 
his younger brother's success in business while he had 
remained strictly blue collar and he tried to hide his 
envy by constantly making off-color jokes and little 
references to their working class origins. My husband 
Jack, on the other hand, just liked his older brother, no 
matter, and paid no attention to the jibes. I, however, 
couldn't help but bristle. Ken was aware of, and 
reciprocated, my dislike for him by making jokes at my 
expense. Tonight he was on one of his favorite subjects.

"So, Jack-boy, when are you going to be puttin' a bun in 
the cute little oven of that prissy little girl you 
married? I'll guarantee you, the lovin' gets a whole lot 
better when a girl's got your baby in her, making her 
belly swell! They just can't get enough of the cock that 
put a baby in 'em, idn't that right, honey?" " he grinned 
and reached over to pat the prominent bulge in Suzie's 
tummy. Suzie just giggled and snuggled closer to Ken. 
"Guess that's one reason I'll be going for number four as 
soon as Suzie pops this one for me!"

Jack just laughed. "Katherine is up for junior partner 
this year, Ken. Not a good time to be starting a family. 
Besides she's is not really the 'mommy type.'"

I was grateful that Jack was sticking up for me, although 
I knew that part of him DID wish I stayed home cooking, 
cleaning and taking care of a houseful of babies, as his 
mother had done for his father and his seven brothers and 
sisters. I knew, too, he wished I'd meet him at the door 
each night eager for him to fuck my brains out. If I did, 
though, the same could happen to me as to MY mother. She 
had trained for years as an architect had been and I had 
seen the arrival of one baby after another delay and 
ultimately derail her plans for a career. I had inherited 
her wide hips and ample bosom and I was probably just as 
fertile. I was afraid even one a drop of semen at the 
wrong time would knock me up. I loved to fuck, as Mom 
must have, but worrying so much about getting pregnant 
ruined Jack's and my lovemaking. Not being able to take 
the Pill was another inheritance from Mom.

In fact, the more success I had as a lawyer, the more 
cautious I became. Even with rubbers, I seldom let Jack 
fuck me within a week of my "danger zone." Subtracting 
out my menses (Jack's problem not mine <sigh>) and the 
uncertainties of a rather irregular period, there weren't 
many nights I could relax and just get fucked. Nor -- 
knowing how easily I get turned on -- could I risk giving 
Jack head or letting him eat me in between times.

Of course, I didn't want to be a tease; I tried to keep 
Jack from getting too wound up when I wasn't going to be 
able to satisfy him. I started dressing more 
conservatively, seldom showing off my long legs and nice 
boobs in the frilly blouses, miniskirts, and strappy 
heels he loves. Fearing my own romantic reactions, I 
steered us away from candlelight dinners, wild parties, 
and going out dancing. I avoided wearing the sexy 
lingerie and sleepwear that Jack gave me for our 
anniversary and Valentine's Day and I had to be pretty 
careful about snuggling up close at night; it would have 
been too cruel. In a word, I steered clear of all those 
things that the women's magazines advise for putting the 
"spark" back in your marriage. I didn't want any sparks 
starting a fire I could not control.

Ken roared in laughter at Jack's comment. "Katie not the 
'mommy type?' ANY woman is the 'mommy type' Jack-boy, 
once she's getin' fucked properly." Jack rolled his eyes; 
at least he got that insult. "Maybe you're not be doin' a 
good enough job on Miss Society Girl. I'd say ole Katie'd 
be a regular baby factory once you go her going. Look at 
those hips! Plenty of room in there for twins or even 
triplets. And those hooters, man, that girl could produce 
enough milk for quadruplets. How about it, Sis?" He 
leered at me, knowing how I hated for him to call me 
"Sis" or "Katie." "Doesn't my caveman brother throw you 
down and fuck you 'til you don't know or care whether 
he's knockin' you up or not?"

"Now look here, Ken," Jack said; "that's out of line."

"Sorry. Just my honest opinion."

I was fuming, meanwhile, feeling my hatred for Ken 
burning in my chest. I was actually glad Jack was mad, 
too, but -- unfortunately -- he calmed down later when 
Ken apologized and promised to come around -- while Jack 
was gone on a business trip -- and help me clean up the 
garage. I tried to wave off that suggestion -- furtively 
raising my hands in an "X" behind Ken's back -- but Jack 
didn't seem to notice.

When Ken and Suzie finally left that night, I helped Jack 
pack and the next morning I kissed him good bye for two 
weeks. Knowing we might miss the next "safe" window I 
decided to risk getting a couple of condoms ready, hoping 
to get a nice "good-bye" fuck that morning, but Jack was 
in a hurry and left me feeling pretty horny. Of course, I 
knew that wasn't the only reason; I was always horny in 
the middle of my cycle.

//Damn that Ken,// I thought, remembering what he'd said 
about me; //I feel so fucking horny...!// It annoyed me 
that Ken had my number; Mother Nature had given me a body 
made for making babies and a libido to make sure I had 
lots of opportunities. I got out the vibrator once I was 
alone, but it just made me hornier; I felt like I had an 
itch I couldn't scratch. Obviously, Mother Nature didn't 
agree with my brain's decision to wait about making 
babies.

Later that day, Ken came over. He was actually well 
behaved at first. Together, we cleaned out the garage, 
and he carried a lot of our junk up to the attic. It was 
kind of weird; although I didn't really like Ken, I wore 
a tight T-shirt, shorts, and strappy white high-heeled 
sandals -- exactly the kind of thing I never wore for 
Jack. I don't think I was actively trying to be a tease -
- it was probably just my cycle, making me a little crazy 
-- but I sure got Ken's attention. Several times, I 
caught him glancing at my breasts, and nice long legs.

"How about a drink?" Ken suggested around lunchtime "I 
brought some sherry."

"Hmm. I like sherry," I admitted; "how old is it?"

"Ten years."

"Must be expensive."

"Aren't you worth it," Ken grinned, feigning to put the 
bottle back in its bag.

"I'm worth it," I said -- with a whine that actually 
surprised me. Wound up tight as I was, I enjoyed a nice 
sherry or cognac now and then. Obviously, it was 
something Jack had let slip.

"I guess we'll see," Ken said, taking the bottle out 
again. While Ken poured some glasses, I put out some 
chips and sandwiches, and both of us sat down on opposite 
sides of the bar in the middle of the kitchen. We were 
talking about nothing at all, but I got a tingle seeing 
him glancing at my chest as we ate. The fortified wine 
went right to my head; I actually felt pretty good, 
knowing I was turning him on. The sherry must have been 
older, than he said -- probably as old as I was -- 
perfectly blended with aromatic gushes of fruitiness. I 
drank two or was it four glasses, and felt the numb 
happiness of intoxication slowly come over me. I no 
longer knew what Ken was talking about. Down between my 
thighs, I could feel my pussy getting wet.

"You okay, Sis?" Ken asked.

I tried to concentrate -- but I just ended up laughing 
when I tried to keep a straight face. I twisted my feet 
in my sandals -- the high heels hooked over the rungs of 
my barstool -- and felt completely silly. "Tha's...good 
sherry," I admitted, drunkenly, "but...it mus' be more 'n 
than ten years old."

"Yes; it cost me more than you probably make in an hour."

"Tha's...a lot."

"Yes, I'm sure it is, but then as you said, you are worth 
it!" Ken said ominously, suddenly standing up and walking 
around the bar. Although I hadn't realized it, he hadn't 
been drinking nearly as much as I.

"I can't stand up," I said, trying to lift my heels over 
the rung of the barstool. Ken just smiled, kneeling down 
to unbuckle my sandals. Coming loose from my feet, they 
hit the floor -- 'clunk...clunk'. Then Ken stood to face 
me, reaching right out to cup and squeeze my boobs.

"Boy that stuff works fast."

"Wha' are you talking 'bout," I asked sluggishly.

"Just the drug I put in your drink, Sis," he grinned. 
"They said it might take another half hour to hit you," 
he replied pulling me closer and nuzzling my neck.

"Drug?" I asked stupidly.

"Yes, just a little something to loosen up my in-control 
sister-in-law to make you one sleepy, horny little girl," 
he replied taking firmer control of the breast he was 
molesting.

"What do you think you're doing...?" I asked.

"I think I'm going to fuck my horny little sister-in-
law," he said, leaning in close to nuzzle my neck.

"No, no!" I tried to protest, but Ken just laughed.

"If you're not horny, Katie, why are your big boobs so 
hard?" I hadn't even realized when he put his hands 
inside my blouse. "Do you always get turned on so 
easily?" he taunted.

"No, it's just that ..." I gasped as he continued his 
attack. I wanted to stop him -- to scream, and cry out 
"No!" -- but my arms were lead-heavy, and offered no 
resistance. Shocked, inside my own skull, I watched him 
reach around to unfasten my D-cup bra, then felt my 
breasts fall loose and heavy on my chest.

"Those are some nice tits," Ken said, cupping them both 
in his hands, then pausing to bend down and suck on my 
nipples; "Made for sucking."

"What...? No...!"

"Do you want me to stop?" Ken asked, rubbing my nipples 
with his thumbs; "If you want me to stop, why are your 
nipples so hard?" By then, I was pretty well creaming my 
shorts; I was horny as hell, and desperate to get fucked. 
//But, no -- !// I thought; //not with HIM...!//

"Why do you keep fighting it, Katie?" Ken said. "You must 
be really horny to let your own brother-in-law feel you 
up like this. It does feel good, though, doesn't it, 
Sis?"

"Oh, yes...!" I gasped, grabbing his arms.

"I thought so. But maybe we should really make sure."

"Make sure?"

"Yeah, Katie baby! Let's see how wet you are," Ken just 
grinned. Reaching down he grabbed my shorts and started 
to slide them slowly off my hips. Despite myself, I 
helped him -- lifting my butt off the barstool. But he 
didn't stop with my shorts; as those fell down around my 
ankles, he slid off my panties as well, leaving me 
completely naked and vulnerable before him. "Oh, you're a 
wet little thing," Ken said, rubbing my pussy with his 
fingers, then slipping his middle finger into my hole. 
"You're all gooey inside, like a pussy that needs a 
prick." I gasped with pleasure, looking helplessly into 
his eyes. "Fuckin' A, girl -- you're leaking like a 
sieve! I guess ole Jackie-boy didn't give you any cock 
this morning, did he? This poor pussy must need some 
help, eh?"

"Uuu No!" I was trying to fight the feelings, but Ken's 
hand on my nipple and the other in my pussy was driving 
me crazy. 

"If he knew what a hot little piece of ass you are, he'd 
have you knocked up higher than a kite!"

"Please, please stop! Why are you doing this to me?" I 
cried.

"Well, it might be that I'm a nice guy who knows you're a 
horny little slut who isn't getting the hard dirty sex 
you need from my respectful little brother." His fingers 
in my cunt had me on the verge of orgasm. I could hardly 
think. "I mean, that's what you are, right Katie? A slut? 
Would a cool career woman and proper wife be just about 
to come on a thick finger in her hot fuck hole?"

"Noooo!" I moaned, needing him to push me just a little 
further.

"Would a nice society girl beg someone besides her 
husband to make her come with his hand?"

"Noooooooo" I moaned longer and louder.

I tried to focus -- to think of something that would 
scare him off. "Don't do this, Ken," I said -- even as he 
rubbed my creaming pussy, "I could swear out a complaint 
against you so fast, it would make your head spin..."

"Oh, the feisty lawyer!"

"I'm-(unph!) -- not kidding! This is battery... Ah!" His 
hand hadn't left my pussy as I spoke

"So you want me to stop?" Ken asked, slowing his caress 
of my clit. "You don't need this?" Suddenly his finger 
was still. I felt my heart racing, and blood draining 
from my face; he had me, and he knew it.

"Oh...please...!"

"You know you're a slut, Katie. Beg me for it!"

I was crazy with lust; I would have said anything, just 
to keep him going. "Oh God, Ken...please, please ...!"

"'Please' what, Katie?"

"Please let me come!" I begged. "I didn't mean it -- I 
won't tell anyone...!"

"I know you won't! Now, show me what a slut you are. Do 
it!" he barked. "You see, I'm not a 'nice guy!'! I am 
sick of you looking down your nose at me and my wife 
'cause she is a hot, stay-at-home mommy for our two and a 
half kids while you think you're too good to give my 
wimpy ass brother even one baby. So, if you want to come 
as bad as I think you do, that's gonna change."

Then -- to my utter surprise -- he scooped me up off the 
barstool, and lifted me into his arms. I was terrified 
but aroused- he was obviously bent on some kind of 
payback -- and I was still too high from the drugged 
liquor to resist whatever he might have planned.

Carrying me up to my bed, he settled me on top of the 
bedspread, then leaned over me to handcuff my wrists to 
the bedposts. I was quaking. Ken left me for a moment to 
strip off his clothes -- but worry gave way to 
embarrassment when I noticed a video camera, already set 
up and running on its tripod. Triumphantly, Ken returned 
to the bed, hovering over my naked body. "Before I 
finish, you little slut," he said, "you're going to beg 
me to make a baby in you. I'm going to make a tape of 
this afternoon, and an edited version will make sure you 
keep as many babies as I put in your belly." 
Incomprehension must have passed over my face. "Yes, 'as 
many;'" he grinned. "What I put in your drink was a 
fertility drug. Getting cool little lawyers hot is just a 
pleasant side effect."

Finishing removing my blouse he said, "Let's see those 
tits you always are hiding form Jack."

"No...!" I cried, twisting against my restraint. My 
brain, meanwhile, was only just grasping the magnitude of 
his plan. //My God,// I thought, //he's going to knock me 
up, then blackmail me into keeping his baby!// "Oh God, 
Ken," I screamed, "please don't make me do this! I'll 
suck you off -- I'll make it good -- I'll make you come!"

"Indeed you will, Sis, in due time. Now just shut up," 
Ken said, pushing my knees apart. Practically feeling the 
bulls-eye on my womb, I watched him bend over me again, 
then start to kiss my tits and belly. I went wild, well 
aware that my cunt was drooling with hunger. He rubbed my 
pussy again, then lowered his head between my legs to 
suck and lap at my juice-slathered hole. I'd never 
allowed Jack to eat me, fearing the loss of control, but 
now I had no choice. "Ah, fuck!" I cried, helplessly 
feeling his tongue take me over the edge to a climax. 
Like a raging fire, pleasure swept through my pelvis and 
abdomen, and I tried to thrust my hips against his face, 
even as he ate me to orgasm after orgasm. Finally -- 
thankfully -- he let me rest.

With his face wet with my cum, he looked up at me 
triumphantly. "Wound up enough, little girl?" he taunted. 
"I think I can lose the handcuffs ... you're not going 
anywhere." A moment later, he unfastened the cuffs, then 
returned to my pussy. I was startled -- I didn't think 
he'd go at it again. Involuntarily I wrapped my legs 
around his head, clawing at his hair with my fingers. 
"Oh, fuck!" I said; "you're making me come...!" My climax 
was all the harder knowing a camera was watching us -- 
watching a young lawyer being reduced to a rutting woman 
getting just what she had denied so long she needed. I 
wailed as his tongue stabbed into my overheated pussy, 
and nearly passed out from one long continuous orgasm.

While I was still recovering from my fourth (?) orgasm, 
Ken slid around so his hips were over my head, and I soon 
found his cock in my mouth. It was nice -- a seven-inch 
baby-maker, bigger than Jack's, and oozing pre-cum. I 
could feel its warmth when I started to suck it, 
something I hadn't done for a man since Jack and I were 
dating. Feeling my lips and tongue on his shaft, Ken 
humped his hips to fuck my mouth. I wondered if I could 
sate him or make him incapable of knocking me up. I hoped 
so and gave him all I had, bobbing my head up and down 
beneath his dangling shaft, and trying to pull all the 
dangerous sperm from his heavy-hanging nut-sack. He gave 
me as good as he got in the meantime -- licking and 
sucking at my puss -- but soon I could tell he was going 
to come. "Oh, fuck," he said, stiffening; "swallow it, 
bitch -- if you don't want Hubby to find out."

Suddenly, I felt him start to come -- squirting across my 
tongue -- and I winced as I tried to keep sucking him. I 
really did feel like a slut now -- rivers of spunk poured 
into my mouth, creamy-thick and bitter -- and I finally 
had to take his cock out of my mouth so I could swallow 
his load. It felt slimy, sliding down my throat, but I 
swallowed every drop, holding his still-oozing cock off 
to one side. "Not bad, for an amateur cocksucker" Ken 
commented cruelly, looking down at me. "Once we've got 
that little tummy of yours nice and round, we'll have to 
make this a regular thing." Spent -- for the moment -- he 
went back to sucking my pussy. My hopes rose, but his 
mouth on my sex was so arousing I hardly realized I was 
playing with his cock, making him hard again.

Yet another orgasm flooded over me and when I opened my 
eyes Ken had turned around to lie down beside me. "Like 
this," he said and pulled me over on top of him. "So 
there'll be no doubt you wanted me to make you a mommy," 
he laughed, helping to lift me up on my knees. I was 
still giddy from the drugged sherry and my orgasms, but I 
managed to guide his cock-head into the mouth of my pussy 
before I sank down on top of him, letting the shaft sink 
suddenly deep inside me. "Oh, you're so big, so hard!" I 
whimpered, starting to hump him.

"And you're tight," Ken replied; "you really don't fuck 
often enough, Sis." I blushed, embarrassed. My big boobs 
were bouncing on my chest now, but I still felt numb and 
drunkenly stupid -- a poor slut aching for cock.

"Ugg!" I gasped, feeling him push in especially deep; "I 
felt that!"

"That's your womb," Ken said, pushing his helmet up 
against my cervix, and playing with my clitoris. "It 
wants a baby." I felt dizzy; I didn't want a baby, but I 
wanted that that cock -- it felt heavenly! I leaned 
forward slightly, and let him start to suck on my tits. 
"And my baby's gonna love these, too."

"Oh, Ken," I said, grinding my cunt into his crotch; 
"you're making me come...!"

"Yeah, bitch -- being a mommy will calm your lawyer ass 
down. Now beg for it -- beg for me to make you a mommy."

"Oh, God," I moaned, "Ken, you can do it, squirt your 
sperm in me!"

"I don't know," Ken said, teasingly stopping his own 
thrusting; "show me you want it."

"Oh, you bastard," I cried, feeling tears rolling down my 
face. "I've got to have it! I'm coming...! Can't you feel 
it? Oh, fuck...!!!" He couldn't help but feel it; my 
pussy going into spasms -- clutching and sucking at his 
cock. Arching my back, I pushed down hard against him, 
feeling his thickness pulsing inside me. Afterward, I 
still ground my hips against his, but I looked away 
shyly. I felt ashamed, having come for him like that.

"Good girl," he said, grabbing my hips; "now here's your 
BABY!" He groaned -- tensing every muscle in his body -- 
and suddenly I felt a rush of wetness between my thighs. 
I could feel his penis throbbing inside me, and suddenly 
I came again, realizing I was actually letting him fill 
me with sperm -- pulsing jets of warm, thick, baby-making 
seed -- directly into my belly. He came pretty hard 
himself -- I felt the overflow spilling down my thighs -- 
and I murmured with pleasure, knowing my fertile womb was 
soaked with sperm. Leaning forward, I kissed him. But 
even as I sat there impaled on his weapon, I cried, too, 
knowing of the terrible thing he had done to me, the 
terrible, wonderful thing I had let him do.

It had been good -- maybe the best fuck I'd ever had -- 
but now guilt washed over me as we broke our kiss, and I 
lay my head against his chest. //Poor Jack,// I thought, 
slipping into unconsciousness, //poor Jack...!//

When I woke up later, I felt Jack on me, inside me, 
pumping me hard and deep. It was wonderful! How could I 
have denied this to him, and to myself, for so long? But 
then -- my head began to clear -- I realized it wasn't 
Jack, but Ken, who was fucking me, rock-hard and up to 
his balls inside me again. Already on the edge of a 
climax, I was too far gone to resist him. I simply looked 
up -- stunned at my own helplessness -- and watched him 
use me for his grinding, humping pleasure. His balls were 
slapping my ass -- his testicles swollen with sperm, 
eager to soak my womb and fertilize my eggs -- and I came 
despite myself, wrapping my legs around his back.

He seemed to like that; thrusting especially hard, he 
ground his cock into my cunt until his own climax broke, 
then pressed in deep to squirt his sperm directly into my 
clutching, wet, unprotected pussy.

Afterward, I lay there lazily in bed with Ken's come 
oozing out of my pussy as my brother-in-law dressed and 
folded up his camera. When he bent down to kiss me 
goodbye, I accepted it, but I felt incredible shame, too.

Three weeks later my period hadn't come and I realized I 
was pregnant. Jack was a little confused about the 
calendar manipulation I used to persuade him that, 
"accidentally," he was going to be a father, but he was 
too overjoyed to think critically. Unfortunately, he was 
only going to be a daddy - I knew Ken was the father.

I wish I could say that letting Ken fuck me was a one-
time thing, but it wasn't. The day I called him to tell 
him the news, I didn't need to be high or drugged to want 
him again. As he had said, I couldn't get enough of that 
king-sized cock that had made me pregnant. I found myself 
dressing like a slut to turn him on. Once, I went over to 
his house wearing my strappy sandals, a short skirt -- 
and no panties. When he saw how hot I was, he took the 
first opportunity to bend me over the back of his couch 
and slam-fuck my tight little pussy (while Suzie was 
downstairs doing the laundry).

Ken was unemployed during the early part of my pregnancy, 
so he had plenty of time to screw me almost every day, 
often more than once. At my second appointment with my 
gynecologist, I learned I was carrying twins. Ken was 
overjoyed the fertility drug had been so effective. I was 
stunned but that didn't keep me from letting him screw me 
silly that day. Usually Ken would come to the house soon 
after Jack left early for work, and he'd send me to my 
law office with a pussy full of spunk, even when I 
started wearing the mini maternity dresses that Ken liked 
and that made the other women in the office so jealous. 
Once we even fucked in the courthouse, during a recess in 
a misdemeanor libel trial. For a pregnant defense 
attorney (four months along, I looked more like six 
months), I dressed pretty raunchy -- with a short dress, 
high-heeled sandals and white stockings. But it was 
actually a pretty good choice; the male jurors couldn't 
help but stare at my legs. Ken, watching from the back of 
the courtroom, made hand signals. I couldn't wait for the 
judge to bang a recess so we could slip into an unused 
office and he could bang my tight, pregnant pussy. It was 
certainly exciting to feel his wetness trickle out of my 
pussy and down my leg as I made the closing argument. I 
wonder if the jury noticed?

The prospect of Ken's cock inside me, made me do things 
for him I'd never do for Jack. He showed me a dozen 
positions I'd never imagined, and I giggled as he got me 
out of all those sexy things I'd never wore for Jack. I 
came to love swallowing his come, and I let him eat me 
for hours on end. Sometimes he caught our fucking on 
camera and we watched the tapes together -- giggling at 
our antics -- before fucking all over again.

With Jack, on the other hand, I felt no desire; maybe it 
was guilt, or maybe Ken was just fulfilling all my sexual 
needs. Fortunately, Jack seemed very understanding of his 
pregnant wife's quirks, and soon stopped pestering me for 
sex.

******

Almost 9 months later -- with my belly swollen huge and 
round with the twins -- I was on top of the world. My 
dangerous, embarrassing affair with Ken had ended when he 
got a construction job out of town. First in desperation 
-- then with real feeling -- I'd started letting then 
demanding that Jack fuck me two or three times daily. He 
was surprised, but pleased with his newly horny wife, and 
I was enjoying sex with Jack as never before, practicing 
with him all the things I'd learned with Ken. With my 
babies due in a week, and a junior partnership waiting 
for me once I went back to work, I would have the best of 
both worlds -- motherhood and a career.

Some of my friends from work (plus Jack, Ken and Suzie) 
gave me a baby shower at our home. Ken and Suzie stayed 
behind after the other guests left, and Ken was clearly 
pleased with both of us sporting big bellies that he was 
responsible for. Although Suzie was now pregnant with 
number four, I was amazed myself at how much bigger I 
looked than she. Even seven months along, she was almost 
trim beside my ponderous bulk. "Looks like you two have a 
lot in common," Ken said, playfully rubbing my belly. The 
babies reacted by kicking -- perhaps sensing their 
father's presence.

"So," Ken said to Jack, "You must be happy with Katie 
going to be a mommy of twins. That going to keep her at 
home long enough for you to start her on the next one?"

Jack sighed. "I tried to talk her into it; the way my 
business is going, she doesn't have to work. But ... 
she's hiring a nanny, and plans to stay with the law 
firm."

"Well," Ken said, "Maybe she'll change her mind, once the 
baby's born. Motherhood does things to women," he added, 
ominously.

A week later, I went into labor suddenly, and my water 
broke while Jack was driving me to the hospital; by the 
time we got there, I had already pushed out two beautiful 
daughters -- Jacqueline (6 lb., 8 oz) and Jocelyn (6 lb., 
10 oz). The nurses and my doctor were amazed how easy the 
delivery had been. I supposed it was because of the 
frequent, hard orgasms I had from Jack fucking me the 
last few weeks, but I just smiled and said I guessed I 
took after my mother.

Several weeks after that, I was home puttering around the 
nursery, preparing to go back to work, when Ken, who had 
been out of town again, showed up at the house. He picked 
Jocelyn right up out of the crib she was sharing with 
Jacqueline, and handed her to me. "Okay, Miss High and 
Mighty, you listen to me; get your cow tits out and start 
feeding my baby like a real mommy!"

I was shocked; I didn't know what had brought this on. 
"Now look ..." I stammered, "the babies are on formula."

Ken, sensing my confusion, bore on. "My babies deserve 
real tit mile! I've had enough of this 'career-woman' 
shit from you, Katie. If you don't want Jack to find out 
what an adulterous slut you are, you're going to leave 
your job and be a stay-at-home mommy! And I want to hear 
you're going to give him the hot sex a man needs, too."

Suddenly, I was trembling with fear -- especially 
considering how intimate we'd been. Hadn't he done enough 
to me? "No, Ken," I said, summoning my courage; "Your 
dirty game is over. If you want to tell Jack, do it. And 
... maybe it wouldn't hurt to tell Suzie, too."

Suddenly, I heard a laugh in the hallway. "Stuck-up 
bitch!" Suzie said, coming into view; "Whose idea do you 
think it was to knocking you up with these babies to 
knock you off your high horse in the first place?"

Again, Ken pushed my daughter toward me, and whispered in 
my ear. "Come on, Mommy, do it; you've got the tits for 
it."

"Yeah," said Suzie, "get some practice. I'm busy with 
three already, so you can help me out with this one." She 
smiled as she rubbed her eight-months-pregnant belly. 
"It's only fair."

"Fair?" I asked, shaking my head with confusion.

"Sweetheart," Suzie said with a cold smile, "Maybe you 
were too busy letting my husband fuck your little brains 
out to remember, but right after Ken got you pregnant you 
weren't taking very good care of your husband. Seeing 
your protruding tummy every day, poor Jack was even 
hornier than you usually left him! One day, he 
'accidentally' saw me with my blouse open breastfeeding 
little Jennifer. Of course I had 'forgotten' to wear 
panties and only had on a little smock, so he might have 
seen some hot wet pussy, too," she smirked "Before he 
knew it, I had him nursing from my other tit. Then I let 
him suck my pussy until he was drunk on my cum, put his 
neglected prick in my well used cunt, and fucked him like 
you hadn't fucked him in years!"

I was stunned -- which Suzie seemed to appreciate. "See, 
I don't think it's right for a husband to go without when 
there's a fine piece of tail right there in front of him. 
I gave him what he needed, let him empty his balls in me 
every morning -- while Ken was over at your place, 
fucking his mommy-slut silly!" She paused to look 
lovingly at her swollen belly. "Of course *I* don't make 
a man use a condom, so that's why this one is probably 
his."

"You...bitch!" I spat.

"No, darling, I'm not a bitch. I'm just a normal, sexy 
young mommy -- like you're going to be from now on."

"The hell I will!"

"Suzie's right," Jack said, suddenly walking in as well, 
"Things have changed and I think you will make a 
wonderful mommy."

"Jack...? What the hell...?"

Jack looked smug -- an odd look for him. But it was Ken 
who explained the situation.

"You can't really blame Jack," he said. "After Suzie 
seduced him, we arranged it so I would 'catch' him 
fucking her. That was our opening for showing him the 
tapes. Honestly, he couldn't believe his luck when he saw 
what a slut you were..." I blushed red with 
embarrassment. "... but I told him to play it cool, and 
he could have a horny little stay-at-home mommy just like 
I do."

"This is ridiculous," I said, looking at the trio in 
disbelief; "Do you have any idea how many laws you people 
have broken?"

"I don't care, Miss EX lawyer," Jack leered. "But do I 
know how many people you might not want seeing those 
tapes -- your old friends, your boss, your family. 
Believe me, honey not one of them looks like rape!"

I looked from one to the other of their faces, seeking 
escape, but there was none. My career-girl world was 
collapsing. Reeling, I dropped into the nearest chair in 
resignation, my milk-heavy boobs seeming even heavier 
with the weight of my surrender. Ever-determined, Ken 
stayed close to me to lift my top, and lowered Jocelyn 
into my lap to place her little lips on my left tit. Then 
a smiling Jack handed me Jacqueline as well, and I felt a 
second hungry little mouth clamp onto my other nipple. I 
wanted to feel mad -- to lash out for what they had done 
to me, but somehow, looking down at my two little babies 
drinking happily from my breasts, my anger dissolved. 
Nursing them both, I started rocking and cooing as 
abundant, fat-rich milk squirted from my boobs, and the 
girls drank it down contentedly.

"It looks like it's working! Jack exclaimed, looking at 
Ken.

"Didn't I tell you?" Ken said; "You can count on your big 
brother!"

*****

It's been a few months now, and Suzie and I are nursing 
three newborns; she had a hungry boy. The constant 
stimulation of three sucking mouths on our breasts keep 
us quite horny and ready for Ken and Jack to fuck us all 
the time. Since two guys can only do so much (and they do 
have to work, sometime <g>), Suzie and I also like to get 
together for girl/girl fun. Sometimes we have foursomes 
with our men -- when Suzie's older kids are asleep; we 
keep the babies around for inspiration. Of course our 
horny husbands never use condoms, so with all the sperm 
they've pumped into our tummies, we'll probably BOTH have 
twins next time!

Sometimes I still think about my old life and plans, but 
I know that life is gone forever. I love playing with and 
nursing my little girls and could never give up the hard, 
frequent sex I'm getting now. The other day, Jack told us 
he and Ken intend to keep Suzie and me pregnant, horny 
mommies for years to come.

We giggled and nodded in agreement.

The End

Comments please to
Jenny
jdsjett@webtv.net
or
Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com
or
Sakka
Sakka66@aol.com

