The Fateless ch 5: Choices

Written by James Marcus

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

comments_readers: Feedback and suggestions appreciated


	Adam stood before the Fates with a bit of concern awaiting their attention. The three females stood before a tapestry that extended forever in every direction. After a short wait, the three women finished the work they were doing and turned their attention once again to Adam. "How may we help you, Mr. Hunter?" Lachesis asked.

	Adam felt nervous as he stood before the fates. He was not sure why, considering how well the last visit went. Maybe it was because he was not angry this time and did not have the adrenalin running through his veins, or maybe it was simply because this time he had come to ask for advice. He felt a little better as Miranda, Illisis and Mrellia came to stand beside him. Adam stood up straight and stared into Lachesis's eyes, almost getting lost within the twin pools. "I have come to ask the advice of the Fates." He stated "We have come to a conundrum of sorts and everyone is making a good point. It was suggested as interested, yet impartial, parties you may be inclined to offer advice on the subject."

	Atropos turned from the skein and stood beside Lachesis. "What is your question, Mr. Hunter?" She asked, as Clotho also came to stand with them.

	"It has come to my attention that even though I have Mrellia's powers and I know how to use them, I do not know the intricate and subtle uses of those abilities, combined with my being a Fateless, Mrellia believes that I could become a danger to them, myself or others unless I am properly trained in how to use the abilities I posses." He stated as the three ladies nodded.

	The three Fates turned to look at each other and then back at Adam. "And your question is?"

	Adam took a deep breath "We are at a loss over how I should be trained. Illisis thinks that I should practice on her and Mrellia and Miranda so as not to hurt any innocents. Mrellia feels that she should train me by using my powers on unsuspecting people in order to hone my abilities to a razor edge and Miranda feels I should allow Mrellia to train me but with a lot of restraint. It was decided to ask you what we should do." 

	Clotho looked to Lachesis and Atropos and then back to Adam. "We will talk over your request and get back to you" she said, and with a wave of her hand Adam found himself back in Jan's living room.

	"Well, what did they say?" Jan asked as she stood from her couch.

	Adam looked towards Jan and then at Mrellia, Illisis, and Miranda as they too appeared in the living room. "They said they would get back to me. I think we should all go to bed. I will be back tomorrow to pick you and Ginger up and take you to your car," he replied as he kissed her on the cheek.

	Jan quickly grabbed Adam's face and locked lips with him, giving him a long passionate French kiss. "You didn't think I would let you get away that easy did you?"

	Adam smiled at Jan and shook his finger "I told you, it's too soon, Thomas just died today. There is no way I am going to do anything with you or Ginger until you two have had time to properly grieve his loss." As he finished his rebuke of Jan, Adam turned to the three Spirits. "Ladies," he said as he vanished, to be followed by the three women.

	...

	A lone figure stood unnoticed across the room staring at Jan. It watched her for a short time, a look of concern and sadness on its translucent face. As it stood there a second figure materialized beside it, this creature was also translucent, with reddish skin, two small horns on the top of his head, and glowing red eyes. As he whispered into the first figure's ear, his forked tongue slipped out of his mouth, tasting the air. "I told you that you would not like what you saw. She is already replacing you."

	Thomas looked at the reddish being. "She is not replacing me, Abreth, he has done something to her, I can feel it. Besides, he has rejected her every time."

	Abreth chucked and smiled. "You call that rejection, it did not look like he was rejecting her to me, that was one hell of a kiss, and I would know."

	Thomas shook his head and turned away from Jan. "Leave me alone, I don't want to hear your garbage any more."

	"That was not the deal, Thomas. The deal was we let you come back and aid your wife and daughter, but I get to come along for the ride."

	Thomas scowled at Abreth "Yes, that was our deal, but you did not bring me back. I am still dead."

	"We never said we would bring you back to life, just that we would bring you back. Be happy we made a deal at all. Be glad we don't just take your lovely wife and daughter and make you watch."

	Thomas scowled once more and walked through the back wall of his home and into the garage. As he walked away from his wife, Abreth was forced to follow, as his hold to this world was bound to Thomas's spirit. Jan also left the room as she headed upstairs to her own room and bed.

	...

	Adam woke up in his own bed, slightly confused, as he felt the shape and heat of three other bodies lying in the bed with him. One to his left, one to his right, and a third was lying with its head on his lap. His eyes snapped open as he felt a warm mouth engulf his member and looked down to see Miranda sucking on his cock. She smiled and lifted her head off his hardening rod. "Good morning Adam, sleeping with my head in your lap all night gave me wonderful dreams. Once I woke up to the sight of this wonderful toy, I could not resist." She stated as she once again sucked his cock into her mouth and down her throat.

	Adam laid his head back and enjoyed the sensations running through his cock. Miranda was quite skilled at what she was doing and it was not long before she was swallowing his cum. "Mmmm, wow that was so nice, I could do this all day." Miranda purred as she crawled up Adams body licking on his stomach and his nipples.

	"I would be careful how often you do that Miranda." Mrellia said as she rose up from the bed on one arm. "The sexual fluids of a spirit of desire have addictive qualities, the more you take it in the more you want it. If you consume too much you could become a slave to him."

	Miranda looked at Mrellia and then into Adams eyes. "I don't see a problem with that." She stated with a smile as she lowered her head once again to his cock and started sucking.

	Illisis looked up at Miranda with a devilish grin. "Stop teasing Adam, you know that is the last thing he wants."

	Adam looked around at the three women in a state of shock. "What do you mean my sperm has addictive qualities?"

	Mrellia grinned at Adam as she pulled off her top and leaned in to lick his nipples and then down his stomach. "It's another one of the subtle abilities of a spirit of desire. Anyone who consumes your sexual fluids will slowly become addicted to them, until they crave them so much they will do anything you ask in order to get more. They won't be mindless slaves or sex addicts, but they will do anything to make you happy, so that they can get more of your fluids. The effect is not permanent and will fade over time with no ill effects to the individual. However, if you were to cum inside them during anal or vaginal sex while they were your slave, then the effects would be permanent.

	Adam looked down in shock at what Mrellia had just said, even more so when he noticed his cock was rock hard, and not just from the efforts of the two women. "Well, maybe my assessment of him not being interested in sex slaves was a little off," Illisis stated with a chuckle.

	Adam turned towards Illisis, as Mrellia slid beside Miranda and the two women took turns sucking his cock for all it was worth. "Illisis! You are supposed to be my conscience." 

	Illisis grinned at Adam as she rubbed her fingers along his chest. "As a spirit of conscience, I only feel something is wrong if the person I am working with feels it is wrong. As long as you do not find anything wrong deep down in your core about the subject, then neither will I. If I were to fight you or effect you about things you truly felt were right, it would do no good." She stated as she began to play with Adams erect nipples "Besides I was just giving you a hard time my love. Deep down you know that the idea of enslaving a woman against her will is wrong, but it does turn you on."

	Adam leaned in and gave Illisis a deep passionate kiss as he brought his hand up to massage her breast. "I love you Illisis." He whispered as his lips met hers.

	Their fun was interrupted by the sudden appearance of Clotho in the room. "Oh sorry about that, I guess I interrupted something." She said with a grin.

	Mrellia and Miranda both looked up from Adam's cock and then went back to what they were doing. Illisis sat up on the bed and straightened out her top as Adam tried his best to disentangle himself from the two women in his lap. "Mrellia, Miranda, stop that. Excuse me a second Clotho." He proclaimed as he pulled himself out of Miranda's eager mouth and pulled his boxers back over his rock hard cock.

	The two women groaned in frustration as their toy was taken away from them. "My, that is definitely an impressive specimen of man flesh" Clotho proclaimed with a whistle. "Oh, did I embarrass you? I am so sorry, but it's been a long time since I have had an opportunity to partake of the pleasures you are so readily enjoying."

	Adam stood up from the bed, turning red from head to toe over the scrutiny of the young teen admiring his body. He quickly grabbed his pants and as he pulled them on "I assume you came here because you had an answer to my question, or did you need something else?"

	Clotho smiled at Adam with a devilish twinkle in her eye. "Oh, I defiantly need something, especially after that little scene I just walked in on. But there is no time for pleasant distractions right now. Yes, we have an answer to your question. Mrellia is correct in her statements. Even as a Fateless there are consequences for your actions. The things you do will affect those around you, and not always in ways you want them to go. The only way to ensure this never happens would be for you to take the time to read the fated consequences of your actions on those still affected by Fate before you make a single decision," she replied as she walked around the bed towards Adam. "I don't think you want to spend all that time checking out the outcome of every decision you make, life would quickly get dull and boring. The only other option is to make uninformed decisions and then do your best to live with the consequences. You, of course, can change the consequences if you don't like how things are going, but then that will cause more consequences, good or bad."

	Adam stood and stared at the teen spirit of fate as she walked towards him with a very seductive swagger to her hips. "This answers my question how?"

	Clotho simply smiled at him and pressed her palms onto his chest while rubbing her fingers and hand along his muscles and stomach. She continued, "The consequences of your current actions makes you a Fateless and a Spirit of Desire with no training or knowledge of the subtle uses of said powers. If you were just a Fateless it would not be a huge deal and we could afford for you to learn your powers as you go while dealing with the changes you would make to the universe as we had to. However, as a Spirit of Desire and a Fateless, we can not allow that to happen. The consequences of your taking Mrellia's powers into yourself are that you now must learn how to use them. The only person who can teach you her powers is her," she stated as she gently kissed his chest. "You have two chooses now. Either you submit to Mrellia as your teacher and do whatever she requires of you for your training, or you give up her powers and return them to her. If you choose the training and you fail you will be stripped of the powers and they will be gone forever, you will not be able to return them to Mrellia.

	Adam looked down at Clotho with a frown. "So ether I submit to Mrellia and trust her not to do really bad things, or I give her back her powers and trust her not to do really bad things."

	Clotho pouted at Adam for a second and then lowered her fingers to the snaps of his pants "Oh, it's not all that bad. Besides, Mrellia will know that if she screws up with your training her powers are gone for good." She replied as she pulled Adams cock from his pants and started to stroke it with her hand. "If she gets her powers back then she will be working for us again, and well we still owe her a punishment for the things she tried to do with you. She really caused us a lot of issues. Issues we are still fixing."

	"Um, ok, can you please stop doing that?" He asked her as her fingers continued to work on his hardening cock. "It makes it hard to concentrate."

	Clotho grinned as she bent down and gave the tip of his cock a light kiss and then tucked it back into his pants. "Goodbye for now, but I will defiantly want to play with you later," she told it.

	Adam backed away from Clotho and began to pace the room. When he noticed Illisis start to speak he held up a finger to silence her, "Fine I have made my decision, I will submit to Mrellia's training." He stated as he turned to Mrellia and knelt on one knee. "I Adam Hunter swear to abide by the teachings and orders of Mrellia the Spirit of Desire for the duration of my training, until such time as I have completed said training or I have failed and had my powers stripped from me. I also return all powers that I took from Mrellia to her for the purposes of training me in their use only."

	Illisis and Miranda both sucked in a breath and stood staring at Adam. Mrellia simply smiled down at him "I accept. Rise Adam, we have much to do and little time to do it."

	As Adam rose to his feet he and Mrellia suddenly disappeared from the room.

	Clotho looked at the two remaining women, "neither one of you is to interfere with his training. As a matter of fact we have some things you can do while you are waiting for them to get back, you are still spirits of Fate after all, and that means you still belong to us." With a snap of her fingers all three women vanished from Adam's bedroom.

	...

	Thomas stood in his living room and looked at his wife and daughter as they ate breakfast in the dining room. It was a quiet and somber meal. Ginger stirred her cereal with her spoon as she stared into the bowl. "I still can not believe all that happened yesterday. I can't believe he is gone, I keep thinking I will look up and see him come walking down the stairs in his pajamas. He will stand in the doorway and groan, then start complaining that there are no eggs and sausage, just cereal." She said with tears in her eyes.

	Jan got up from the table and kneeled down beside Ginger so that she could give her a hug and hold her as she cried. "I know you miss him. I miss him too, but we have to move on with our lives..."

	"Is that why you were hitting on Adam so bad last night?!" Ginger retorted as she pushed her mother away. "He is not even in his grave and you were already all over Adam!"

	Jan gave Ginger a pained look as Ginger pulled away from her. "It's not what you think..."

	"Then what is it?" Ginger growled as she stood up from the chair and paced into the living room. "You thought I was sleeping last night but I wasn't and I saw you kissing on him and sucking on his penis. You and the other three women, you were all over him, like dogs in heat..."

	"GINGER MARIE WINTERS!!" Jan yelled at her daughter. "That is enough. I am not sure what you saw last night, but I assure you we were not all over him like dogs in heat. I am not even sure about all that happened last night. It was a very emotionally charged night!"

	Ginger turned on her mother and charged her. "He is mine I tell you mine! You can't have him!" She yelled as she tackled her mother to the floor.

	As the two women hit the tile floor in a pile of limbs and fists, Adam and Mrellia appeared in the living room. Adam took one look at the two and immediately went into action. "What the hell is going on here?! You two stop this right now!" He hollered as he grabbed Ginger by the scruff of her pajama top and pulled her kicking and screaming off of her mother.

	Ginger was in a blind rage, kicking and creaming as Adam pulled her away from her mother. Adam could see the same look in Jan's eyes. "Mrellia restrain her please?" He stated as he saw Jan prepare to charge Adam and Ginger.

	Mrellia jumped between Jan and Ginger and immediately started talking in a calming tone, but it seemed to have little to no effect on the enraged woman. "Something is not right here Adam, Back to your house NOW!" Mrellia yelled as she grabbed the enraged Jan and vanished.

	Adam held onto Ginger as she thrashed and kicked and then she too vanished. 

	Thomas simply stood and watched the entire encounter as Abreth materialized beside him "See, I told you, they have been influenced by him. He is taking your family away, just a touch of my presence and they were fighting each other, trying to kill each other over him."

	Thomas shook his head and tried to clear it of the influence of the Demon. "No, I don't believe it, you caused that. At first they were mourning me. You made them fight over him."

	"No, I simply allowed them to express their true feelings; I did not force them to do anything. I am not allowed to. He, on the other hand, has been given free reign to do as he pleases with whomever he pleases. You were a hindrance to his plans for your wife and daughter so he had you removed."

	Thomas's face darkened with anger and as he continued to stare at the spot where Adam had stood holding his daughter, his precious baby girl. "He will pay. I will make him pay!"

	Abreth hid a sinister smile as he whispered into Thomas's ear; to Thomas the words he whispered meant nothing, but they had an effect none the less.

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.