Title: Costumes
Author: Nosfertu Zodd
Keywords: m,f, inc, cons,

This sucks. I shouldn't have even come to this. I sighed and slumped against the wall, music blaring and the loud, but calm buzz of chatter that symbolized the start of the party. I squinted in the faint light at my watch, 10:30. I should have at least come at 11. The worst part was, that I couldn't even complain to someone because all my friends bailed on me, leaving me not only bored, but bored and alone. Trying to pick out people I knew in the crowd was impossible, every single one of them had shown up wearing a costume, masking their identity. They weren't very extravagant, well, some were, but even a little bit of makeup can drastically change someone's appearance.

I was one of the many people who dressed as a pirate, which is probably the worst, most cliche costume in the history of Halloween, but to be fair, I did a fairly good job at it. I managed to scrounge around the house and find a bandanna, a pirate hat, and a toy sword, I'm lucky that I had a childhood to help me out on this one. My makeup was done by none other than my older sister, who promised that she would do it for me If I went to the Halloween party and it was god damn frightening how good she was at it. She'd spent an hour delicately painting on my new face while I twiddled my thumbs and spent an hour staring at her cleavage. I of course tried to look away, but she'd just re-adjust my head so I was right back where I started. It was torture. The way she's been teasing me recently is a whole new level of brutal. Always finding an excuse to bend over, leaving her panties on the bathroom floor, having the door just a little bit open when she's having a shower. To make matters even more worse, she was one of the hottest girls I have ever seen in real life with an impeccable body - nice tits, great ass, and whatever else a man would want. I sighed again. It's time to leave.

Just as I had made up my mind, the party seemed to be picking up. Some random pop song was turned up a notch louder than it already was, and those who were drunk enough - the majority of the people there - started dancing. It was dark, hot, and it already smelled like vomit in the room, but despite how badly I wanted to leave, my sister was suppose to be driving me back home and would freak out if she thought she lost her 'baby brother'. My major roadblock, however was the fact that I had no clue what her costume was, as I was out of the house before she had put it on. I sighed for the third time this night and wondered how I was persuaded into this for the fourth or fifth time this night. I wandered around for a couple of minutes until I saw the girl with long brown hair, and great ass I was looking for dressed as what appeared to be a vampire. I grabbed the back of her arm lightly. "I'm leaving, take as long as you would like here" I shouted over the music in her ear "Wha- oh" I heard behind me as I walked to the bathroom of the house to rinse my face-paint off.

I felt guilty listening to the drain gargle as I washed the last bit of my sister's precisely painted canvas off my face. Oh well, at least I filled out my part of the deal. I turned the tap off, then the light, then made my way out of the bathroom. I walked straight into a delicate frame and bounced backwards a couple feet. "Oh, sorry!" we yelled at the same time. Nervous laughter followed. "I'll just get out of your way" She said something that I couldn't exactly hear. 'Are you making your way out' maybe? "Yeah, I'm leaving, something came up" I quickly lied, flashing a smile she wouldn't be able to see anyways. "Same, this party's a drag." Wow, bold "Agreed." I replied, nodding unnecessarily once more. She was closer. "I'm a little bit disappointed, these are usually good, you know?" I really didn't. She said something that I didn't hear, but she was closer than before. "Party's are great place to make memories, I find, but I don't think I'll make any out there" She said gesturing. She was as close as she could be without bumping into me again. Her hand touched my chest and slowly made its way down to my crotch she cupped her hand and put her lips by my ear. "But I might be able to make some in here."

My skin was on fire and my blood was rushing. Am I really just going to fuck this random stranger that I haven't even known for a minute? Well, she did have a good point about the memory thing and jerking off to this would be better than jerking off to my sister every night. "Well not, you know, in here here" I grabbed her hand and she navigated us to the master bedroom, stealthy avoiding the suspicion of any of the party goers, not that it would have mattered. The progressive silence was music to my ears the farther we ventured into the house. She jumped on the bed and was attempting to tear off her skeleton costume, but it proved more difficult than she thought. I fumbled around for a light switch, but found none. Hearing her cute noises of frustration at taking off her costume further aroused me, and I gave up on my task, locking the door and jumping on the bed. I'll certainly help her take off her costume.
Our lips met and we were locked in a kiss as my hands unzipped the back of her costume. She blossomed out from it and pushed me back until our positions were reversed, while on top of me she undid her bra, still never breaking the kiss. I grew even harder feeling her massive breasts against me. I took one in my mouth - then the other. My ears perked up as the girl spoke in a desperate whisper. "Please"
I needed no further encouragement. My hand reached to her damp panties and lingered there for a moments before slipping them off and throwing them behind me. I laid a trail of kisses down her stomach to her shaved pussy.

I quickly pulled off my pants and my member lept to attention. I slowly entered her, my hands clenching her shapely ass and slowly moving up to her sides. This time, I let out my breath in pleasure not in pain. I began a slow deep thrust trying to savor the warmth I hadn't experienced in far too long. To the edge of my vision was a lamp on the nightstand, I reached for it eagerly with one hand, the other on my lover. Turning it on was a bad idea.

Considering neither of us had experienced full light for many hours. We grunted and waited until our eyes adjusted, but I picked up my pace slightly, the wet slapping of skin at a nice rhythm. I opened my eyes and my cock jerked dangerously in excitement.

Was I seeing this correctly? Was something slipped in my drink earlier? Because here I am fucking my older sister. Is this the best luck of my life? Or the worst? A few seconds later, she opened her eyes too and matched my face of confused horror, but it slowly melted into a face of smug satisfaction. She bit her lip and began to move her hips with my thrusting. I'm still fucking her...

I sped up further, seeking the satisfaction of watching her tits bounce. "Oh..it's you, it's you, baby brother. Fuck me...fuck me, brother!" This was too much. I could feel my cum beginning to rise. "Fuck yeah, sis" I said breathlessly. I tried my best to think of something else other than my cock inside my older sister's vagina until she spoke up. "Please, can my little brother fill me up with his hot cum?" Hearing her saying that made me cum regardless. Pleasure filled me to the bones and I shot long, sticky ropes of cum inside her until my well ran dry. I slumped forward, and felt my cock soften and pop out of her pussy. Panting heavily I bathed my sister's large breasts with my tongue and sucked on her nipples, something I'd wanted to do since I found out my sister was also a girl. I rested my head on her sweat slicked chest and we both sat there, naked, and breathing deeply for while.

"How did you like fucking your older sister? Fun right?" She said cheerfully, stroking my hair slowly. "Mhm" I said lost in my thoughts, the comforting petting motion further deepening my state. "Later can we -" "Of course we can, any time you want, little brother, but first..."
She began to sit up, and I reluctantly did the same. She took my soft cock in her mouth and tenderly, but thoroughly cleaned off the cum. I played with her hair, enjoying the feeling of my cock being licked clean. My sister slowly moved her mouth off of my cock and gave it a farewell kiss. We put on our costumes again and kissed deeply my hand smoothing the costume across her ass. She made for the door.
"Wait, you forgot your panties!" I called out, gesturing to the sky blue pair on the floor. "Those are for you, but I don't know if you'll need to, you know, use them anymore." She said, leaving me momentarily stunned with that thought in my mind.

"I don't think she'll need these anymore either." I tossed them behind me and went to catch up with my beautiful sister. It's true what she said earlier, party's are a great place to make memories, and I certainly won't forget this one, or rather, my sister won't let me forget this one.