Ellen's Sex Shop 1: Mara's Plot

      Amber was simultaneously incredibly turned on, and extremely irritated. Oh, she loved working at Ellen's Delights, she really did. For an adventurous young woman, there were very few things that could top working at a high-end, well respected, sex shop like Ellen's. It was safe, fun, and paid exceptionally well, for the rare few whom made it through Ellen's selection process. Add in an amazing boss, cool coworkers, a few free or reduced cost gene mods, discounts, and pretty much guaranteed daily orgasms, and she couldn't imagine ever quitting.  In point of fact, and relevant to her current situation, she even enjoyed most of the sales drives, demos, and other events that their boss arranged.

     Indeed, she didn't even have a problem with being singled out for this particular event. Technically, Amber was a switch, but she was full well aware that she leaned heavily to the submissive side of the switch spectrum, most of the time. That meant that, of the entire staff, only Cheryl was more submissive-oriented, and thus Amber was pretty high up the list for any drive or demo involving the more sub-oriented equipment and behaviors. Drives like this one, which was focused on a new line of hi-tech bondage equipment from Eros Mark, with the big ticket items being some nice new dungeon/playroom furniture. 

     With Cheryl, the shop's only hardcore sub, out for the day getting her quarterly medical, it made total sense for Amber to be the floor model demonstrating the new product line. She'd done plenty of similar things before and, in truth, she'd been fairly excited about it. She made no secret of her enjoyment of bondage and being played with while helpless. Plus, she trusted her fellow employees, and every single employee of Ellen's Delights knew the rules of what was and wasn't allowed. The other shop girls, or Ellen herself, would manage any problems with customers trying for more than they were allowed, and Amber would have an enjoyable, safe, day in bondage, with plenty of friendly stimulation. It had sounded like a perfect day at work to her. Hell, she wasn't just getting paid for this, she even got a percentage of the sales for the items she was demonstrating. Given just how much some of it cost, she stood to make a nice little bonus, while safely enjoying some of her favorite kinks. Who could argue with that?

     Unfortunately, Mara had added a wrinkle to the day that Amber hadn't expected. There were only five girls currently working for Ellen: Alice, Amber, Cheryl, Mara, and Trisha(Tinker). Of that number, and even including Ellen herself, only Mara was a pure dominant. Somehow, she'd leveraged that bit of expertise, Ellen's mischievous soul, and likely a few bribes of some sort for Alice and Tinker, into an added rule for Amber's day in bondage. Namely, that they could work her up, play with her, whatever, as much as they wanted, but they couldn't make or let her cum. That honor would be reserved for some of the remote control features of various bits of the new gear they were trying to sell. Her passionate, charismatic, and totally bullshit argument had been that seeing Amber is a state of high arousal, ready to cum at the drop of a finger, would sell the product better. That, furthermore, the fact that she would cum at the drop of a finger when the customers tested out the products, would encourage the customers to buy these obviously effective, and visibly enjoyable toys.

     So, with Amber already trussed up in her first set of gear for the day, which had suspiciously included a bit-gag curtesy of Mara, the rest of the staff had agreed to the idea, with more than a few wicked sparkles in their eyes. It had been thus that Amber's day of delightful, horny hell had begun. The first few hours of her 12-hour shift had been the worst. The early hours after opening were almost invariably slow hours, and the entire shop had amused themselves by playing with her. Occasionally in turns, but more often conspiring together.

     Amber had worked at Ellen's for nearly two years, and every single one of the girls knew her weak points, preferences, and kinks almost as well as they knew their own. Tinker, Amber's best friend and frequent lover, when neither of them had a boyfriend, had been the best and worst, with Mara and Ellen close behind. They'd had her positively frothing, outright begging to cum, after the first hour. It had been another two before she'd actually gotten any release. A couple of customers had given her a few jolts before then, but neither had been regulars, and both girls had been too shy or uncomfortable with the idea to play with her much. Thankfully, the third had been a guy. He'd been a newbie as well, but hadn't had any qualms about sending her through a trio of blissful climaxes while he'd been there. That had taken the edge off, but Mara and the others had made sure to put said edge right back in place.

     She'd had a few breaks, several more orgasms, and a couple of changes in her setup since then and despite her frustrations, generally couldn't say it had been a bad day, overall. But now...now she was slowly being driven out of her mind. It was her current setup that was, mostly, to blame. The hi-tech bondage stand that was her primary display item was made of a specialized memory-metal, manipulated by low grade current that could reshape it to a surprising degree. Mara had been in charge of posing her, and had placed her standing, feet a bit more than shoulder width apart, hands laced behind her head with elbows out. The hand/arm placement arched her back slightly, pressing her large C-cups forward to prominence. She'd then activated the bondage stand, and the metal had warped around Amber's body from the central vertical bar aligned with her spine, and the secondary, ankle-height horizontal bar. The vertical bar had flowed around her like metal ribs, then formed together in a tight mockery of a bra, lifting and squeezing her tits with gentle but firm pressure, forming and shaping them to be put on perfect display. Which, of course, meant covering nothing. A metal collar to lock her head in place, and a connection from collar to wrists and wrists to bar ensured she couldn't move her arms. A metal waist belt and thigh cuffs had formed next, then the ankle-height bar had shackled her ankles in thick manacles, before sprouting a long pedestal mount for a toy, pointed at her spread pussy like a dagger.

     That, unfortunately, was only the beginning. Mara had taken full advantage of the fact that Amber had piercings in both nipples, her navel, and her clitoris hood. She'd hung vibrating clamps from her nipple-rings, then used a thin chain to tie both clamps to the third ring horizontally placed through her hood. She'd armed the attachment points on the stand's pedestal with a pair of the high-tech toys from the promotion, a moderately-sized beaded anal affair, and a longer, thicker vibe for Amber's pussy. All of the toys were not only remote capable, but from the same designer brand and could thus be tied into a sophisticated master control panel. Which they were, right in front of her, where the customers had easy access to all their options. Just to add insult to injury, Mara had gagged her, and used the jewel piercing in her navel to stick a happy little sign labeled "try me" to Amber's naked belly.

     So, there she was, not a stitch on her and forcibly bared to the world, for neither the toys nor the metal covered anything of any consequence. Worse, the evil bitch, whom Amber was mutinously planning revenge upon, had set the master controls to randomize a program from their collective defaults to take her right to the edge of climax, then leave her hanging, repeatedly, when their sensors warned them she was about to cum.

     It was bad enough, to be blunt, that Mara knew she had a fairly large exhibitionist streak. She'd have been dripping just from the body-baring pose. That she was now following a vicious cycle of being driven to a mewling, moaning, mess, before crying out in gag-smothered frustration as the stimulation backed off to let her cool down, was taking her evil machinations entirely too far. She would rue the day! Rue it! After, that is, this nice person she saw walking toward her helped her cum, hopefully more than once.

     It was a moment after that half-distracted thought that Amber's eyes widened, having gotten a better look at just who it was striding towards her. Telira Ulii was a regular in very good standing, who often requested her personally for toy demos, and Amber had no idea if what was about to happen was very good or terrifying. She knew the woman well, was at the very least friendly with her, and could possibly even count her a friend. But Telira was, to be perfectly honest, a complete nymphomaniac who casually tried to seduce anyone she liked. Given that she very much liked Amber, having long ago declared her "utterly adorable," she had no idea what her pseudo-friend would do with her rendered completely helpless and at her mercy like this. Though, the flickering fire in her lust darkened eyes as she stepped up to the master control panel told Amber that, whatever she did, it was going to be interesting.

     Telira looked over the control panel, tapping through a few screens of its advanced features. Her smoky eyes occasionally glanced up to ravish her friend's form, and her free hand began openly massaging her own breast as she read. She looked up, licking her lips. "Oh my, you poor dear, you've had a rough few hours haven't you? Edged fourteen times without a single cum! Well, we'll just have to see what we can do about that." She bit her lip, flushing, "Though perhaps not right away...."

     Amber gulped, but that's all she had time for. Telira stabbed a finger down and the monster stretching her cunt roared to life at full intensity. She'd been just out of a "cooling down" period, and she instinctively tried to lurch away, despite her bonds, as her body, conditioned over the last few hours to expect a slow build, was sent hurtling down the track to climax at breakneck speed. Her eyes bulged, then rolled back in her head, she was almost-- The sensation stopped, and she tried to cry out again, around the gag.

     Telira chuckled. "Now, now, that wouldn't have made good use of all that edging, such a crude climax would have undone such a marvelous buildup." She flicked her finger and the nipple vibes started, sending a pleasant tingle through her nipples, then down to her clit as it translated through the chain. Another flick, and her anal toy did something new, going cold as ice, drawing a gasp at the surprise sensation. It was joined a moment later by warmth flooding from its forward companion, and Amber groaned as her battered and confused body tried to make sense of the various sensations. When both toys began vibrating, it decided on pleasure and she felt her orgasm coiling tightly inside her, again. Her eyes, closed in the confusion, opened to plead with the woman holding her pleasure hostage.

     Another spike of pleasure flooded her, as she processed what she was seeing. Telira wasn't touching the controls at all. Instead, she had one hand under her tight halter top, and the other down her unbuttoned pants, and presumably panties. The slightly older woman had her gaze riveted to Amber's heaving chest and was panting lightly herself, her unsubtly moving hands clearly pushing her near to her own climax. Amber's anal intruder warmed, matching the nearly to-hot temperature of the other toy, and both increased the power of their vibrations. It must have been preprogrammed, and her dazed mind noted there was no way she was coming back from this one.

     Telira's eyes wrenched away from her tits, and locked themselves on Amber's own, she winked, then closed them tightly and moaned lowly as she went over her own edge, shuddering lightly. The sight of the other woman getting off was the last straw for Amber, her mind went blank as she finally rocketed past the point of no return, howling into the gag as her whole body convulsed. A second climax ripped right through the first as the dam burst, and she lost all sense of time. She might have passed out, purple was edging into her vision, but both vibes abruptly went ice-cold, dragging her forcibly back into the here-and-now.

     A here-and-now in which she was utterly slumped into the metal of the bondage stand, unable to even think about holding her own weight. It was surprisingly comfortable, despite its tight metal nature, though that might be the haze of pleasure she was struggling to think through. All sensation ceased for a few moments, and temperatures returned to normal, but as Amber's mind began to clear a low buzzing returned to her nether regions, her pussy vibe gently starting up again. Her mind solidified enough from its liquefied haze of pleasure to shift her eyes to her friend.

     Telira's eyes met hers, full of mischief. She smirked. "Fifteen edges, and two climaxes, let's see how close to equalizing those numbers we can get, before you pass out."

     Amber's eyes widened slowly, as the thought sluggishly processed. She wanted to shake a frantic "No," but it was far too late. A command from her friend set the spinners inside her pussy-vibe off, causing it to writhe like a snake inside her. It bumped her G-spot and she tried to lurch against her bonds again, frantic noises of denial dying in her throat, overtaken by a lewd moan made lewder by her gag. Her eyes squeezed closed, soaking in the new sensation, thoughts of protest completely lost, and she bucked the little bit she could against the toys. Her eyes snapped open as a mouth engulfed her right nipple. Customers couldn't-- But it wasn't a customer, it was her boss, Ellen's raven haired form unmistakable against her chest. A moment later a second head, of spikey blue and purple hair, Tinker's, joined her boss by latching onto her other tit.
 
     Ellen's mouth released her and she smirked up at Amber. "That was ridiculously hot you know, made me soak my panties. Or, you know, it would have if they hadn't been so soaked from watching you all day that I took them off at lunch. Now, how about I apologize for letting Mara loose on you all day, hmm?" She returned to her nipple of choice, nibbling and sucking on the painfully hard bud, removing the vibrating clamp and pulling at the nipple-ring with her teeth. The other clamp came free in Tink's hand, and Amber let out an unconscious sigh as the weight faded. They'd been getting surprisingly heavy. The writhing inside her calmed to a more calculated orbit, even moving a bit with its own memory metal, Telira trying to guide it back to her accidently stuck G-spot. The build towards her peak became much gentler, almost loving, and as Ellen added skilled hands working knots out of Amber's muscles, her muffled mewls and moans turned plaintive, longing. The fading of the day's stress buildup under those skilled hands enhanced her arousal in the most pleasant way possible.

     Ellen left her nipple, kissing and nibbling her way down Amber's flat stomach, removing the note pinned to her piercing and wriggling her tongue into the belly button below. Amber giggled a bit at the ticklish sensation, then she moved on, downward, detaching the last chain connection at her clit and swiping across the exposed button with the tip of her tongue. Amber jerked in her bonds again, and whimpered in need. She felt Ellen grin against her, and the older woman pounced on her largish, throbbing clit, sucking on it like a tiny cock. One of Tink's hands had risen to the newly freed breast, and she pinched Amber's nipple hard, biting the other, right as Ellen went for the kill. Under their joint assault Amber's eyes rolled back and she came explosively, but the pleasure only lessened, it didn't stop.

     "Three." She heard distantly, and knew it ought to mean something. Something both terrifying and thrilling at the same time.

     Tinker's head and hands finally left her tits and she kissed her way up as Ellen had headed down. She stopped to suck on Amber's collar bone, then again at her pulse point, hard enough some half-aware part of Amber's mind knew she'd have bruises. Then blessed relief, a pleasure all of its own sort, flooded her as Tink's hand's removed her gag, tossing it away. Her jaw automatically tried to work, but was frozen, and pain lashed through the relief. A gentle sound in her ear from Tink eased the spike, and massaging fingers along her jaw brought unimaginable bliss. A nip at her ear, a gentle nibble, kisses along her pleasantly aching jawline, then Tink was at her lips with a gentle but passionate kiss.

     Ellen had backed off, but kept up a gentle pleasure by nibbling at her inner thighs and teasingly caressing her clit with the lightest of touches. She let the kiss linger for a few moments before pressing in for another assault, swirling her tongue around the still-engorged clit, then folding her tongue around it, moving her head back and forth, tongue-fucking the large bundle of nerves. Amber groaned loudly into Tink's kiss, but it wasn't quite enough, not as worn out as her body was from the long day. Then Telira's methodical efforts found her g-spot and the repeated brush of the twisting vibe against it slammed into Amber like a runaway train and threw her violently back over the edge. 
"Four." Stated the distant voice through the fog, but Amber couldn't think what it could mean.

     Ellen and the vibe hadn't let up, and Tink had shifted to leaving more hickeys on her sometime lover. In less than a minute a spasming, howling Amber was convulsing through another orgasm.

     "Five."

     The anal vibe turned on at full power, and it trigged another climax almost on top of the last.

     "Six."

	Amber was shouting mindless expletives, barely clinging to consciousness, and Tink pinched both of her nipples. Another shudder. Then she stilled, and slumped.

                                 ***

     "Seven. Pity, she seems to have blacked out." Telira's voice was almost absent-minded, and when the other's glanced at her, it was clear why. She had shamelessly shed her pants and was visibly fingering herself, drenched thong pulled to one side. "Shall we let her go? Or do we wait for her to return to the land of the living for the other eight?"

     Ellen blinked, then chuckled. "That's a hard question, I suppose it depends on how long she takes to awaken, and if her mind is still there when she does." There was a twinkle in her eyes at the last, dispelling any real concern. This was hardly the first time one of her employees had passed out from cumming too hard or too often. Their ability to handle such was actually something their medical evals had to show before she hired them.

     Telira's fingers had slowed, but not stopped, gently teasing herself as she gained a thoughtful look. Suddenly, she grinned. "Or, perhaps, it depends on what you still need to demo?"

     When Ellen cocked an eyebrow at her, she clarified. "Well, obviously, I'm going to buy one of everything she was using. Including the stand. But I'm still not so sure about anything else from the product line. It is, however, quite possible she might convince me, with another eight climaxes that hot."

     Tink made a choking noise, but Ellen coolly stood. "I imagine that could be arranged, why don't we settle the initial purchase? Then I can show you the remaining options." She waved at Tinker. "Tink, get her down, cleaned, and apply some nano-gel." She moved off, Telira following, their customer not bothering to put her pants back on.

     Tinker blinked, then grinned and snapped off a mock-salute at her boss's back. The nano-gel was a highly capable healing agent that would, along with the recovery mods that all of Ellen's employees got for free, take care of most of the physical effects Amber was likely suffering. Add a protein shake, a stimulant, plus the incentive of such a huge commission, and Amber would almost certainly be willing to at least take a stab at the rest of that climax count. She shook her head and set about getting her friend down, and into a rough approximation of ready. Somehow, Tinker thought the remaining hours until the store's closing time would be even more interesting than usual....

                                 ###

Authors Note: If you enjoyed my story, check out my new erotic novel Freedom in the Sky, available on Amazon or Smashwords. You can also get updates on my work, including information on new Free releases(Like the rest of this 6-part series) on my Facebook Page.

Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01BHDLANY?*Version*=1&*entries*=0

Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/612869

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Jaylee-Coglin-210793212603170/
