Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Sixty: Into the Labyrinth
Summary: Kurtis, his sisters, and mother enter the labyrinth for the final test.
Keywords: MFF MF oral anal A2P monster fantasy magic viol
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Labyrinth, The Empire of Shizhuth

I led my two sisters and mother into the Labyrinth at a jog. My armor shifted around me, my helm strapped tight. I had my tulwar in my sheath, ready to draw it at a moment's notice. The tall, stone walls rose over us. The way behind was shut.

It was find the middle or die trying.

And I had too many counting on me to fail.

The pressure rested on my shoulders, but I had the strength to handle it. I would push on through. I would persevere and conquer all the obstacles in my way. Nothing would stand between me and victory. Nothing.

Friendly place, Pyrriah said as she jogged up beside me. She was armored, too. 

Oh, yeah, I said, glancing back at Lasla and Mother.

My dragon-mother's boobs bounced. I left the chastity belt and collar on. I didn't want to dismiss them and give away that there was anything special about my dragon-mother. She was the ultimate trump card.

If things when horribly wrong, I would unleash her on the nagas and hope she was strong enough to get our family out of here. Then we would spend the rest of our lives hunted. Drakin Castle deep in the Haunted Forest was the only refuge I knew about.

My Queen Tinia and her fairy children were making that place safe, but Throwia knew about it. I had to finish her quest, free my father, then retire to my castle and live with my family. Breeding my women. Breeding their daughters. Giving others of my daughters to my sons.

On and on and on.

I slowed to a stop as we came to the first branch. Lasla panted. She wasn't in as good shape as Pyrriah and me. Sure, she could fuck all day, but running. We had to slow down. We couldn't blitz our way to the center. Minx and Xerathalasia needed us to buy time so they could free Solja and Tharaka's mother.

Oh, and stop the breeding program.

But I promised those two I would save their mothers.

So I couldn't go through this too fast, and yet I was in a race. It was so much to balance as I looked right and left. The right would take us toward the duallahan we were racing, and that just felt like a terrible idea.

So I went left. I made a decision and I went with it.

We moved through the labyrinth at a brisk walk now. The ground was crumbled stone. Gravel with tufts of grass growing here. It was dark but lightning as the sun climbed higher and higher into the sky. Every time we came to a turn, I chose the one that I thought would lead us to the center.

Sometimes, we hit a dead end and had to backtrack.

We looked around for any traps, too. We had no idea what we would find here. We just knew we had to be on our guard. This place was not to be trusted. My shoulders itched as we moved through the labyrinth.

After an hour, it was getting hard to keep watch with vigilance. To scan the ground for any signs of disturbances or threats. Maybe there was a concealed pit or a trip wire or something else I couldn't even think about.

There could be spells, too.

Keep a watch for any strange shadows, I warned my women.

Yes, Master, Mother said.

We know, Pyrriah said. She was already feeling the pressure, her head moving around. You told us that fifteen minutes ago.

Sorry. I slowed to a stop and rolled my shoulders. It's just... We have to get through to the middle.

We will, Lasla said. She came up beside me with a soft smile on her lips. We're going to get through this to the middle. We won't be stopped.

No, we won't, said Pyrriah. 

My two sisters both smiled at me. They were so supportive. Mother hugged me from behind. I couldn't feel her boobs thanks to the armor, but I knew they were piled against my backplate. She stroked the front of my breastplate.

We're going to win, she said. You never lose. You have too big of a cock to lose. You're cocky. She giggled.

Cocky? I groaned. That's terrible.

I know. She released me. But cocky men with big dicks get things done. Now, let's defeat this labyrinth.

I nodded and resumed walking. I would crush this place. I would fuck my way through it. Just use my big-dick energy to pound through the walls if I had to. I smiled at the thought as we moved deeper into the labyrinth.

Soon, we came to another dead end. We rounded the corner and took a few steps in when it became clear this wasn't the way to go. I sighed and turned around only for the ground to burst behind us. We all shouted. I grabbed Lasla, throwing her behind me as...

A wall rose up and up and up, fifty feet in the air to match the height of the wall. It stopped, dirt spilling down it. We were trapped. We had walked right into a trap. 

Gods damn it, I cursed as I backed away from the wall, keeping Lasla behind me. Then I looked over my shoulder. Get ready!

Right, said Pyrriah, her sword whipping out. Red light flickered over her head.

We moved to put our dragon-mother and sister between us as I drew my sword. I looked around, expecting something to ambush us. My heart pounded in my chest, and my body flooded with exhilaration. I was so ready for it.

So ready for the fight.

Only...

Nothing appeared.

I frowned as I realized nothing was coming to attack us. I felt disappointed. Even foolish. I stood there, waiting for danger to pounce on us, and it didn't have the decency to oblige us with. That was so annoying.

I relaxed and looked around. Are we stuck in here?

There's a hole in the far wall, Mother said, pointing to the dead end.

I looked in that way and saw nothing. I didn't realize how good her eyesight was, but she was a dragon. She probably needed to see well to hunt. I led my women to the wall. As we got closer, I could finally see what she'd spotted.

There was a hole not much bigger than my fist. It was blacker than the stone around it. Real darkness. I studied it, my stomach twisting with apprehension. I understood instantly what we had to do here.

Still, we looked around for another alternative than sticking a hand in the hole.

Let me reach in, Master, Mother said. I can do it. I'll be fine.

No, I said. I'll do it. None of my women are going to risk themselves.

And you should? asked Lasla.

Yes. I moved to the hole. I'm in charge. I'm doing this. Pyrriah, you know what to do if something... I swallowed. You and Mother know what to do.

Kurtis, Lasla said.

I'll be fine, I said, my heart pounding a mile a minute. I raised my left handwilling to risk it over my right handand stopped right before the hole. I just had to reach in. It would be easy. Trust me.

Kurtis, she groaned. You don't know that.

What's our alternative? We can't climb out.

Lasla arched an eyebrow at me and her eyes darted to our mother.

I shook my head ever so slightly. I knew right now that Empress Szialianith and her sycophants were watching us, taking such pleasure in our squirming. They knew what would happen. Maybe nothing. Maybe I'd lose my hand.

Or die.

I drew in a deep breath and pushed my hand into the hole. My stomach curdled. My right hand clenched. Sweat dripped down my brow as I pushed

Pain exploded in my hand.

I snarled, my knees buckling at the agony that engulfed my hand. Flames burned through every finger. I gasped through clenched teeth. The pain blazed down my arm. An intense torment. Pure torture. 

In my mind's eye, I could see my hand burning. The skin crisping like frying pig skin. Cracking. The pain burned deeper. I wanted to yank my hand out, but I had to keep going. I had to reach deeper and open the way for my family.

Gods damn it! I snarled, pushing deeper.

Kurtis! both my sisters gasped.

What's happening? Mother asked.

It's nothing, I snarled, sweat pouring down my face. It soaked the under tunic I wore beneath my armor. I'm fine!

Gods damn, I hurt so much. Tears stung my eyes I pushed deeper and deeper into the abyss. The pain snarled up my arm. Flaming fangs rent my flesh as I thrust my hand into the depths of torment. I sank up to my elbow and reached deeper.

I pressed my forehead against the rock as I pushed against the agony.

I ground my teeth together. My hand was a blistered, ruined lump of flesh. The fire blazed up my arm. It spread over my chest. I had never felt anything like this. There weren't words to describe the intensity of my agony.

Gods damn it all! I snarled, pushing deeper, searching for the key.

Pull your arm out! Lasla gasped.

No! I roared. 

I was in pain. Nothing but pain. Agony. I wanted to pull my arm out. To withdraw, but... I had overcome pain once before. When Pradu had plied me before Queen Athirmi. The third of my trials. I had overcome the torture then.

I had learned to face it. I would conquer this torment.

I thrust my hand deeper, snarling out the pain. I didn't fight the agony. I let it flow through me. I roared through the unending suffering. There was nothing in the universe but this torment as I pushed deeper.

I plunged into molten agony.

I thrust my hand into Throwia's flames. I suffered. I endured for my family. They were counting on me. Just a little more. I had a few more inches of my arm out of it. I screamed and pushed deeper. Two inches to go. 

Kurtis! Pyrriah screeched. Please, please, stop it!

NOOOOOOOO! 

I thrust the last two inches, my arm all the way in and found something. A handle. My burned fingers grabbed onto it. Molten metal seared my hands. I should be smelling burning flesh. My entire arm was blackened. Charred to the bone. I shouldn't be able to do this but...

I pulled.

I heaved on the handle. It slid out as my fingers melted. I screamed and threw back my head. My feet pushed on the base of the wall. I yanked with tall my might. The handle shot out a foot. A mighty click echoed.

I lost my grip and collapsed on my back.

I sobbed as I stared at my hand. It wasn't burned. Instead, it was covered with dots of blood. I had been pricked by a hundred needles from my hand to my elbow. I flexed them, the pain fading. I shuddered as the wall before us groaned.

It lowered to the ground, the earth shaking beneath my feet. It moved slowly, inexorably, opening the way for us to press forward and complete this task.

Kurtis! my sisters shouted. 

Lasla dropped to her knees and hugged me. 

I'm fine, I groaned, my arm still throbbing. The pain retreated, but I could still feel all those needles that had pierced my skin and made me feel such agony. I shuddered as blood dripped from me in places. I'm fine. It's okay. I did it.

Don't ever do that again! Lasla all but shrieked. I was so terrified.

His arm, said Mother. We have to attend to his arm! Look at what it did to him.

Right. Lasla grabbed the hem of her robe and started tearing off strips from the purple cloth.

Once she had enough, she wrapped them around me with a gentle touch. I sighed at the cool cloth binding my wounds. Blood bled through the cloth in spots, but I wasn't wounded that badly. Just a lot of little pricks. They didn't matter at all. 

She wound up my entire arm and hand, knotting the bandages. I stared at it, just the tips of my fingers thrusting out of the cloth. I flexed my left hand and winced at the pain. I wouldn't be able to use this arm for a while.

Good thing I fight with my right hand, I said, grinning at my sister.

What? she said, staring at me in shock. You're making jokes.

Yeah, I said. I fight with my right hand, finger pussies with it, and spank rumps. So I'm fine. This won't even slow me down.

She shook her head at me. I can't believe you would say that. She glanced at the way forward. I don't even know why I'm surprised by the cruelty of that trap. You were in such agony. I could tell. It was more than what you endured with Pradu.

Way more, I said and forced myself to my feet. My face felt sticky from the drying sweat. I just wanted a bath. I would love to soak my arm in warm water. That would feel amazing to just let the soothing liquid wash away this ache. But instead, we had to press on and conquer this task.

I led us the way forward, trying to ignore the dull throbbing in my left arm. I went back to look for traps or signs of ambush. There had been nothing any of us had seen with that last trap, which scared me. What if there wasn't any way to detect these traps.

How much more pain and suffering would this cruel maze inflict on us? Just what would the toll be to pass through here? How much would we lose? These questions rippled through my mind as we headed deeper.

CLICK!

I froze, my heart leaping up into my throat as the sound came beneath my feet. Before I could even react, Pyrriah jumped forward and slashed her sword, her red hair burning bright. She struck something streaking out of the wall with a loud thunk.

The object shot before me and hit the ground, furrowing the gravel. I gasped as it was a javelin, a gouge in the hard ash wood from her sword. The broad point had bent from the impact. Dust billowed from the disturbed ground.

What! yelped Lasla. She grabbed my arm.

Nasty, Mother said. Very nasty. The spring on that was powerful. That would have ripped through an elephant.

What's an elephant? I asked, my heart racing. The shock held me, yet I felt disconnected from my body. I couldn't believe that had almost happened. 

A large creature that lives on the savannas south of the Halani Desert, said Mother. Doesn't matter. Just... Matar's big cock, you almost died, Kurtis.

How did you even move like that? I asked my sister.

I'm the phoenix, she said, smiling at me. She was my sister and this creature that was reborn again and again. Every time as a twin sister. I was glad I had her. I have to keep my twin brother alive.

Thanks, I said. Remind me to pamper you once we're back on the Treasure Box.

She purred her delight.

We kept moving on down the tunnel. There was another javelin trap that Pyrriah's quick reflexes blocked. Then a pit trap that she pulled me back from falling to my death. The gravel covering the trapdoor clattered amid the spikes at the bottom of a deep pit.

Stop! Mother said a few minutes later. There's a pit trap before you.

There is? I asked, staring at it hard. I drew my sword and poked at the gravel. My sword hit wood. Gods damn, there is. How did you spot it.

I think I'm seeing the subtle differences, Mother said. 

That keen eyesight of her was becoming more and more necessary. I was glad she had it as the traps grew thicker the deeper we went into the labyrinth. And not just the javelin or pit traps. There were sprays of arrows that would hit all of us, blasts of fire that would roast us alive, and eruptions of ice that would freeze us.

Mother started walking at my side to point out the dangers as we moved deeper into the labyrinth. 

As the day wore on, the sun rising higher and higher, it grew brighter in the labyrinth. We were no longer in the shade of the walls towering around us. The sun was on us, the warmth making the armor I wore uncomfortable.

But we kept going. Footstep after footstep as the day grew warmer.

I flexed the fingers of my left hand, my arm still throbbing. The pain came in waves sometimes. Prickling annoyances washed up and down my arms. I ignored it as Mother found another pit trap. We skirted the edges of it and pressed on.

The pulsing waves of pain were joined by an itching heat. I wanted to scratch at my left arm. I tried to ignore it, but it became more and more persistent. I glanced at my left arm and noticed a yellow discoloring in spots. The fluid had melted through. My fingers looked swollen, too. I smelled moldy cheese.

I ignored it and kept going. I didn't need my left hand.

The bandages grew uncomfortable. Too tight. They dug into the burning flesh. The prickling pain grew more common as the sun passed its zenith and started to descend the other way. I couldn't wait for the shadows to be on us again. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

It was an hour after noon while I trailed along behind my brother, sister, and step-mother when a roar froze us all in our tracks. I whipped my head around as the sound echoed through the tunnel. It was a deep and guttural beast.

I felt for other creatures' desires and felt them coming from above. I gasped and pointed up at the top of the maze wall high above us. A manticore!

I recognized it as it jumped off the wall. A lion's body with the leather wings of a wyvern and the tail of a scorpion that curved over its back. A human-like face twisted in fury as it soared down at us. The bloodlust raged in it.

Its tail came up.

No! Pyrriah gasped and shoved Kurtis to the side.

The stinger struck her in the arm. She gasped and dropped limply to the ground. Her helm tumbled from her head. Her eyes were open, twitching. She was alive, breathing, but paralyzed by the venom of the manticore. 

Pyrriah! gasped Kurtis. He reached for her, horror on his face.

It'll wear off, I shouted. 

Yes, said Mother Azuliana. She'll be fine, but Kurtis. That's a fast beast. You need a spear to fight one properly. That sword doesn't have the reach.

I don't need a spear to tame it, I said and opened the purple robes I wore. I let it fall off me, my breasts bouncing free. I stepped up to my brother as he readied to fight it. 

The creature landed and fired another stinger. It struck my brother in the chest and burst, filling the air with an acrid scent. Kurtis went to lunge forward, but I held his right wrist tight. He glanced at me, fear in his eyes. Fear and anger.

This is why I'm here, I purred. I can feel his lust. After all, he's one of Las's sons. He's a nephew.

Fine, Kurtis said, trusting me. That made me swell with such joy and love. I smiled.

I thrust my lust into the creature as I marched forward. I hit his bloodlust. His desire to kill without thought didn't come naturally. His instinct was to breed, of course. Manticores were burst from my father's jizz. However, this anger was an unnatural shadow on his mind.

So I fanned his lusts to burn so bright, the light banished the shadows. He stared at me with lust in his eyes as I came closer. My round, full breasts swayed before him. He scratched at the ground. He growled at me, sharp fangs in his eyes.

His cock emerged from its sheath, red and covered in spines. v
That's right, I purred. I'm

Its stinger struck me in the thigh. My entire body went limp. I collapsed into a heap on the ground, unable to speak. I could breathe, but I couldn't talk. My heart pounded as I stared up at the sky. The creature snarled and bounced at me.

No! my brother shouted and charged forward.

The manticore's attention shifted off me. He growled in warning at my brother. They were about to fight anyways. That idiot. I had the manticore ready to fuck me, but no matter how horny the monster was, he couldn't ignore my brother coming to my rescue.

No, Master! Mother shouted. That's how they mate. They paralyze the woman and fuck her hard. Feel your sister's lusts. See if she's afraid or wet and ready to be fucked.

My brother stopped. Gravel spilled around his feet. His touch stroked over my desires. He felt me aching for the manticore. I wasn't afraid. I knew this. I knew the manticore wanted to fuck me, not hurt me. He burned for me.

Gods damn, growled Kurtis. Fine. She's yours. Fuck her. My sister wants to be taken hard by you. So you better fuck her hard. She needs that dick in her cunt!

I did. I thrust my lust into the manticore again. I seized his desire for me and yanked it forward. He snarled. As my brother retreated, the manticore advanced. I was so ready to be fucked by him. Just a ragdoll being used to satiate his pleasure. He would fuck me so hard and make me explode.

He pounced on me. I gasped as his lion paws pushed me over on my back. I lay there limp, my round boob jiggling. He stared down at me, his swarthy, human face twisted with such bestial expressions. This creature wasn't human despite those features.

He ducked his head down and latched onto my nipple. I whimpered. I could make sounds of wordless pleasure. His hot mouth suckled on my nub. I loved it, my cunt clenching as he flicked his tongue around me. 

I groaned. My pussy burned hotter.

He nibbled on my nipple. I felt his sharp teeth brush my nub for a moment. He could rip me apart, but he wanted to fuck me. I was so helpless. Literally unable to move. This was even more exciting than bondage.

My pussy dripped juices that trickled down my taint to form a puddle beneath my rump. 

He ripped his mouth off my right nipple and darted for my left. He engulfed my nub. I groaned again, not a bit of my body moving I just stared up at the sky as the monster suckled on my nipple. He loved me with his hot mouth.

His suction was so powerful. The delight shot through my body and burned through my cunt. I trembled, my twat clenching as he kept suckling on me. He did such wicked, wicked things to me. I loved this so much. It was so exciting.

He lifted his mouth from my nipple and licked my lips. I trembled as he kissed me. His furred body pressed down on mine. I loved the softness of his coat on my breasts and stomach. His hard cock nuzzled into my bush and found my pussy lips. He knew how to fuck a woman lying helpless on her back.

He thrust his cock into my snatch.

I squealed in delight.

His cock buried to the hilt in my pussy. That thick shaft stretched me out as much as the centaurs' cock had. I trembled, loving the feel of that wonderful cock in me. He drew back. My eyes would have bulged if I could move. Those naughty spines massaged my cunt on the pullback.

The stimulation sent heat rushing through me. I loved the delight of massaging my cunt. He thrust back into me. It was fantastic to have him pumping away at me. My twat clenched about him as those spines tickled my insides.

I moaned and gasped.

He growled and snarled.

His fur rubbed on my nipples as he tickled my twat. I whimpered as that cock pumped away at me. My body felt so alive as I lay helpless on the ground. He drilled his cock to the hilt in me again and again. He fucked me hard and fast.

The power of his thrusts melted my cunt. I loved that. The heat soaked my body as he rammed into me again and again. My twat quivered on the pullback. Those marvelous spines of his made me feel so amazing.

Gods, it was incredible.

I swelled toward a mighty orgasm as he fucked into me with all that he had. He buried deep and hard into my snatch. I savored every second of that wondrous cock fucking me. My cunt squeezed down on him.

I wanted to hug him.

To hold that furry from to my round tits and hard nipples. His coat tickled my boobs and stomach. All I could do was lie there, though. Just savoring that big dick fucking me. Those naughty spines sent shivers racing through me.

I would cum so hard. I ached for it. I craved it so much. It wanted to just burs with delight I couldn't wait for the pleasure to erupt in me. I would have such a big burst of pleasure. That would be perfect. 

He pumped harder and faster into my snatch. He fucked my cunt with all that he had. It was a magnificent bliss. I loved it. My heart pounded in my chest. He buried deep and hard into me. I savored the thrill of that mighty cock plunging away at me.

My brother watched me. So did my step-mother. I was so glad to have them staring at me being ravished by this sexy monster.

He growled.

Snarled.

The beast rammed that thick cock into me. My orgasm swelled in me. I couldn't last much longer. This stimulation was so much. My cunt clamped down on that thick, spiny cock. I shuddered as he thrust into me.

When he pulled back, I burst.

My cunt went wild around his cock. I gasped out in delight as the pleasure swept through me. It was fantastic. The heat swept through my body. Even paralyzed, I bucked on the ground, my mind drowning in the ecstasy of this monstrous orgasm.

My orgasm was too much for the palatalizing poison. I was twitching, spasming. My cunt rippled around that big dick. He snarled as he fucked my writhing twat. He buried to the hilt in me and howled out like a beast. He filled me with all that dick. I rejoiced.

His cum spurted hot and thick into my pussy.

I mewled in delight as his seed splashed against my pussy. But he couldn't breed me. He couldn't knock me up. I was beyond all of that. I quivered on my back, my eyes rolling back in my head. The rapture surged through me as a torrent of his monstrous jizz flooded my cunt.

I shuddered in delight as all that monstrous cum tried to breed me. I wouldn't let it. Only my brother could fill my womb with a baby. But I did enjoy all that jizz spurting into me. I writhed on him, my body twitching. Spasming.

I mewled in ecstasy as he snarled.

My naughty cunt's spasms drained his cock, but he still burned with lust. His last blast of jizz fired into my twat. Then he growled and ripped out of me. I shuddered as he did that. It felt so wicked of him. He flipped me over a moment later.

Anal. He wanted anal. Yes.

My fingers twitched as his cock pushed into my butt-crack. Lubed by my pussy cream, he would pound my asshole. I ached for him to do that. He had to fuck himself out on me. Be thoroughly satiated. I played with his lusts.

He growled when he found my asshole and thrust.

My anal ring quivered. I groaned here, my toes twitching. Control started to return to my body as my asshole stretched and stretched. I shuddered, my eyes blinking. My sphincter widened and swallowed his spiny cock.

Esh, I slurred as his thick shaft penetrated my bowels.

His thick cock penetrated deeper into my bowels. I shuddered in delight at that thick shaft filling me up. When he drew back I gasped, my boobs rubbing into the ground. My fingers twitched more as the spines tickled my asshole now.

Syo gyuuh, I whimpered, reveling in the manticore's thick cock fucking my bowels. 

He pounded me with that delightful cock. I shuddered as he rammed into me again and again. He thrust away, churning up my bowels with the force of his thrusts. He plowed deep and hard into me. I squeezed my bowels down around his dick. 

I noticed Mother was before Kurtis. Her blue hair swayed as she bobbed her head. She serviced my brother as the manticore fucked my bowels. I loved the sight as I took that big dick into my asshole again and again. The spines massaged my anal sheath.

My velvety flesh quivered, savoring those spines. They were wonderful to have teasing my bowels. I shuddered, rejoicing at that thick shaft fucking me again and again. I wanted him to keep hammering my bowels. I didn't want him to stop.

The heat melted to my pussy dripping with his cum. His seed leaked out of me. All that monster jizz. I groaned, my legs quivering. I blinked my eyes, my movement returning. Pyrriah was already sitting up, coming out of her paralyzation.

So was I.

Fyuck me, I groaned. Yesh, yesh, fyuck me. So hard. That's it. Yesh!

The manticore hammered my asshole. His spines teased me. The stimulation melted down to my cunt in such an exciting way. I loved it so much. He growled as he fucked my asshole. He pounded me with such force.

He held nothing back. I made sure of that. I twisted his lusts to have him hammer my bowels. He slammed into my anal sheath, my butt-cheeks quivering. His fur rubbed into my back and shoulders. I squirmed on my belly.

Yes! I gasped, able to speak freely. Oh, yes, yes, you hung manticore. Fuck my naughty asshole. Just hammer me!

I humped up into his thrusts. He buried harder into me now. He growled as he loved that delight I gave him. I clenched about him, savoring him fucking me with all that he had. I was so eager for him to just bury to the hilt in me again and again.

He rammed that dick hard into me. He made me quiver in delight. I loved this so much. He hammered me so hard. He plowed to the hilt in my anal sheath. It was outstanding. I quivered with all the joy his big dick gave me.

All the passion.

The thrill.

The wonderful ecstasy.

The heat swept through me. I loved it so much. I savored that passion with all my heart. He buried to the hilt in my anal sheath so hard. My brother groaned as he enjoyed Mother Azuliana's hot mouth. He watched me getting fucked.

That's it, big boy! I moaned, squeezing my bowels around the manticore's thick shaft. That's it. Just fuck me so hard. Pound me with such force. Ooh, you're hammering my anal sheath with all that you have. I'm going to cum!

He snarled as he fucked me hard. He pumped his big dick in and out of me. My pussy melted with the heat. His cum spilled out of my cunt, trickling over my clit. I shuddered, my nipples throbbing against the hard ground. I groaned, the ecstasy building and building me toward that wonderful moment when I would burst.

I humped up against him, my bowels clamped around him. He slammed into me. He fucked me with such passion. He snarled, his heavy balls brimming with cum. This was it. This was the moment that I was hoping for.

I climaxed.

Yes, I gasped.

He growled his cock into my writhing bowels. His spiny dick teased my convulsing flesh. Juices gushed out of my pussy while euphoria drowned my mind. I trembled on the ground as he drew back his cock, his nuts so heavy with his cum.

He plowed into my spasming depths and erupted.

His hot cum spurted into my convulsing bowels. It was fantastic to have all that spunk flooding my anal sheath. Just an awesome treat. He snarled as he filled me with his seed. My eyes rolled back in my head as he flooded me.

Las's big dick! I moaned.

Gods damn! Kurtis growled. I felt his orgasm erupt, his cock dumping cum into Mother Azuliana's mouth.

I shuddered, my bowels convulsing and spasming around that delicious cock. The heat washed through me. It was pure delight. I savored it drowning me. I shuddered there, my heart pounding in my chest. 

He growled and ripped his cock out of me. I had all his cum in my anal sheath. He stumbled to the right, curled up, and went to sleep. I pushed up my elbows and grinned at my brother. Sweat dripped down his face. He was flushed.

Wow, he really got into getting blown by his dragon-mother. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

Lasla had a lightness to her steps after the manticore had ravished her. She was happy. Kurtis walked on, his jaw growing tighter and tighter as we walked for the next hour. I kept glancing at his bandaged arm. The yellow seeping through didn't look good. Nor did how swollen and purple his fingers were.
Finally, I asked him, How is it?

Fine, fine, he said, waving her away. 

It's not... I trailed off as I heard something click. Not a trap, but something else. Something from above. I stared up and cursed.

Three creatures fell down and landed on the ground in a clatter of metal. They had just the frames of bodies made of bounds of iron forged together in the shape of a person. Inside, clockwork gears churned. Automatons.

Cheap ones.

All of them raised crossbows.

I didn't think. I drew my sword and my brother's, ripping it out of his sheath before slashing them in an arc before me as the crossbows twanged. I struck all three fired bolts with the two swords. The quarrels hit the ground out at my feet.

Gods damn! cursed Kurtis.

I charged forward, a tulwar in each hand. They each drew a pair of swords. Clicking, they faced me. They had no heads at all. They were eerie as they sprang at me. I slid to a halt and swept my swords before me and parried.

I gasped as metal clanged. Sparks burst from the swords as they struck. They attacked fast. A blur of speed. It was all I could do to keep my swords moving. The impacts shivered up and down my arm. I gritted my teeth.

My hair burned with righteous fire.

These disgusting clockworks wanted to hurt my family. They were right behind me. My twin brother. My sister. My dragon-mother. I wouldn't let them touch them. My swords blurred before me, gleaming with the reflected fire burning in my hair.

I drove back their attacks. Barely. I burned hotter and hotter with my passion for my family. My twin-brother. My husband. My lord who I would not let be harmed. I snarled in rage. I parried. Blocked. My swords danced before me.

A blade slashed at me. 

I didn't block this one. It struck me on the shoulder. My armor rang. I felt the impact shiver through me. The metal dented from the hard strike. My sword plunged forward in that instant and into the body. Right into the gear mechanism.

Metal ground. A horrible, ear-splitting shriek of iron ripping apart. Bits of gears and burst springs exploded from the middle of it. The scraps pinged off my breastplate. It collapsed to a quivering heat on the ground, the barrel spring still trying to turn the rest of it. A gear burst off the power train and struck the second clockwork in the wooden leg.

It didn't care.

The other two kicked me.

I gasped as they struck me hard before I was ready. I flew back and hit on the ground. My helmet tumbled free. Flaming hair burned around my face. The clockworks raised their crossbow bolts to shoot me as I struggled to get up.

Bastards! roared Kurtis.

A rock struck the crossbow of the first one, knocking it to the side. Another rock hit the second in the shoulder. More flew over my head. He pelted them with thrown stones, distracting them just enough for me to recover.

They shifted their aim to my brother. I snarled, the flames burning in me. I rose to my feet, the fires burning down my arms and to my swords. I threw both blades as they caught alight. The flamings tulwars spun through the air and crashed into the clockworks.

The blazing swords melted through the frame of iron and struck the whirling gears. Both of the constructs glowed cherry red. Molten metal flew out of their interiors to smoke on the ground. They collapsed as their innards ran out of them and cooled in puddles around them.

I raced over and ripped the blades free. The molten gears dripped from them then the fires went out, both blades intact. I turned around to see my brother had dropped to his knees. He groaned, his face red.

Kurtis! I gasped.

I think... those needles... were poisoned, he growled. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

The poison in my arm sapped my strength. The weight pulled at me as we trudged through the maze. A feverish heat boiled across my mind. Pain throbbed constantly from my arm, and it grew worse and worse. An hour after the fight with the clockworks, I was in agony.

I wanted to cut off the bandages. My arm was too tight.

But I had no choice. I had to keep moving. I had to keep marching on. There was no choice. I had endured pain. I could do so again. So I walked on, my stomach growing. I licked parched lips as I stared ahead.

There's a trap! Lasla gasped and stopped me. Kurtis! Didn't you hear us warning you?

What? I asked. Sorry. The pain consumed my awareness. What trap?

Just move with me, she said, guiding me around a pit trap. We should stop.

There is no stopping, Mother said. We win or we die here. 

Lasla shot her a glance. There's another way.

No! I gave my sister a fixed glance. We're winning. That's the only way. I'm fine.

You're going to lose your arm!

Good thing I fight with my right arm, I growled.

That wasn't funny the first time you said it. She slipped her arm around me. Come on, I'll make sure you don't step into any more traps.

I sighed and leaned on my sister. I had to conserve my strength. I would need it all for when we reached the end. And we had to be getting close. I hoped. The shadows were growing long again as the sun sank toward evening. We had definitely bought enough time for Minx and Xerathalasia to rescue Tharaka and Solja's mother.

We rounded another bed. Ahead, the tunnel ran straight for the longest stretch I could ever remember seeing. I didn't like that at all. I swallowed, my arm throbbing. I pulled from Lasla and marched without her. She huffed but didn't object.

I drew my sword. Pyrriah had hers out. The surge of excitement dulled the throbbing in my arm and sharpened my senses once more. I could focus on the problem at hand. And that was to get us out of here without dying.

I looked around at the walls looming above us. The way out had to be here. We just had to find it. And we would find it. The tunnel led to what looked like an open space ahead. That made me even more nervous.

And hopeful.

You think that's the middle? I asked as we marched down the length.

I think it is, Mother said. I think we've reached it, Master.

Then we better get ready, said my twin sister. There's going to be something rough ahead. I can just feel it. This won't be pleasant at all. I don't like this. You're badly injured.

Then you'll have to pick up the slack, I said, smiling at her. I'll make it, though. The pain's fading. I'm ready for the fight. Whatever it is, I know that we can take it down. And if we can't take it down, Lasla can just fuck it.

Yep, Lasla said, trying to sound enthusiastic. I didn't feel any lust coming from her at all. She wasn't horny one bit. Damn.

We covered the last hundred feet of the corridor to the large room. We stepped out into a vast arena. It was covered in soft sand that rippled and undulated like dunes. I scanned the battle arena and spotted a vast pile of rocks in the middle.

Only these rocks were moving.

They reared up. My jaw dropped at the size of its legs. They were massive pillars that must be wider than I was tall. They lifted the bulk of the gargantuan creature from the sand. What I thought to be rocks was a massive shell like it was a huge turtle. A turtle that had a head adorned with horns. It shifted its feet, turning to look at us. The ground shook beneath its step.

Gods damn, I groaned. Is that an elephant?

That makes an elephant look small, Mother said. That makes... a dragon look small. I did not think that would be here.

What is that? gasped Lasla.

One of the rarest creatures in the world. So few of them exist, and only in the remotest of deserts. That is a tarasque. Mother Azuliana shook. It is said to be all but impossible to kill. I don't think we can even kill it.

You just have to survive it, hissed from above. Empress Zianamilizzi sounded so excited. And it looks like the other challenger has arrived. Good luck, my beloved. 

From another tunnel intersecting the middle room the duallahan appeared. She held a bloody sword in her hand. Her head turned to stare at us. She had such fury in her eyes. Such rage. I shuddered. This would be a fight.

To be continued...
