FAMILY IN BONDAGE

BY BONDAGEBRIAN

He was sitting watching young girls walking to school one summer
day and was so hard and horny I decided to kidnap a young girl
and molest her that night, during the day I watched movies listen
to books on tape, my a favorite was who's watching the girls, and
kiss the girls, and lots of movies with duct tape bondage after I
watched them I turned my basement into a closed dungeon where it
was sound proof and so well hidden that no one could ever find
it. Then about 3 pm I went back up stairs and waited for the
perfect little victim to kidnap and molest she had to be a least
8 no older than 10 because the older the better for a her to put
up a bigger fight, she had to be a cutie pie. Had to have long
blonde hair blue eyes, she had to wear a school uniform which was
a white collar down blouse tight short skirt and a neck tie which
I could use to tie her hands and legs together. I sat by the
window and waited, it was now 3:30 and no girl insight, then
about 3:45 a saw a young gorgeous little piece walking down the
sidewalk she was about 4'3 weight about 75lbs nice and slim build
long blonde hair blue eyes, and she wore a white collar down
shirt with a tight blue denim skirt with belt and wore a red and
blue neck tie, she had a bandana in her long blonde flowing hair,
after she walked across the street she was walking toward my
house were I act fast I went to the garage and waited for her in
the back alley, I watched her walk to the garage and I waited for
her I took some chloroform I had to use to in a biology
experiment in college I soaked the handkerchief I held in my hand
and waited till she passed my garage. As soon as I poured the
last drop in the cloth I watched her walk past me I then took it
came from behind her took my hand and covered her mouth with it
dragged her back into the garage and held it over her sweet mouth
till she passed out in my arms. I then laid her down on the floor
in my garage and took the cloth away I then turned her over and
duct taped her hands behind her back, turned her over and taped
her mouth with the cloth in it so when she can around she would
pass out again. I then took her bandana out of her soft blonde
hair and tied around her mouth and then taped it over, I then
took her belt off tied her legs and hands together then took her
neck tie and put it in my pocket till I was ready to use it
later. I then carried her over my shoulder and took her into my
house, then I carried her to the basement and laid her down on
the mattress I then took her white collar down shirt and skirt
off and took off her training bra and pink panty, I then stood
there and looked at her laying there nude bound and gagged she's
was mine and no one else all mine and she was my little cunt to
do whatever I want to do with, so no one knows where she is and
what I am going to do with her now. I then took my video camera
out set it up on the tripod and recorded every thing I did to her
my little sex slave, but she didn't know what I did she was out
the entire time.

After I took her clothes off I looked in her backpack and found a
notebook it said on the front cover this book belongs to Emily
Smith so know I knew her name and maybe I can use it later, so I
then went up stairs and watched outside and sure enough I saw a
young woman walking down the sidewalk and she was yelling for
Emily! So I thought to myself that must be the mother, so I
waited and sure enough she walked up to my front door, I answered
it and asked my I help you ? Yes have you seen my little sister
Emily age 8, she walked home from school and was wondering if she
walked in the alley, why mom told her not to, but you know how
children are, they don't listen. I sure do I have a girl my self,
she is in her room let me ask her if she has seen your sister
waited here? Ok thanks so much, I walked back into the house and
yes why not let me take her sister too and so I can have two to
do experiments with two is better than one. I walked out the back
door went to the garage and grabbed the chloroform and duct tape
I walked back into the house and went to door, say she told me to
tell you your sister is here playing with my daughter and they
are playing nice, if you want to talk to her come in. Ok thanks
so she walked in and she was about 21 and she had one hell of
body she had long brown hair, hazel eyes, and she wore a blue
denim shirt with button collar down and tight blue jean shorts,
she walked past me and I told her the room was down the hall and
to her right, so she walked to the room, she knocked on the door
and a little voice said come in, so she opened the door, and
walked in. When she walked in she was no one there what the hell
is going on here? Where is everyone? I turned power off light
went out and in the room, I walked in and knocked her out with a
wrench she fell down on the bed and I then laid over her back and
covered her mouth with the cloth soaked with chloroform and held
it till she passed out on the bed under me. I laid there while
and was getting really hard I wanted her right there and then,
but I felt that would leave her till I had fun with her sister
Emily. I then duct taped her hands behind her back turned her
over and taped her mouth and legs together and stared at her for
awhile with wearing that collar down shirt and tight blue jean
shorts I know that she would be a great subject for my experiment
I still wanted one more and know I know who to get to complete my
fantasies for my female domination experiments. Their Mother will
be the final one! After I took Emily's sister to the basement, I
called their mother to tell her that her daughters had been
arrested for shoplifting and they were waiting for her at my
store. So I quickly undressed Emily's sister and then turn her
over duct taped her hands behind her back, turned her over duct
taped her mouth and legs together and laid her next to her sexy
sweet little cunt of a sister Emily who was tied naked too. I
then turned my video camera on and taped every move they made
while I went to get their mother. Across from town Stephanie
smith was just leaving work were she got the message about her
two daughters, she hurried up and got home took off her work
clothes and dressed into a pink and white collar down shirt wore
a short denim skirt no nylons and had long blonde flowing hair
with a red scarf in her hair. Stephanie was a single mom who
lived with her two sexy daughters and her ex who moved away a
couple of years ago never contacted her or her daughters ever
since he left. She then moved here with her two daughters Emily
and Amy who were her two Angels she adored them to death, That's
why she wondered why they shoplifted a store, so she hurried up
in her van and drove off to the store. When she arrived at the
store I watched as she walked out of her van, she was stunning
gorgeous with long blonde hair and with the collar down shirt and
tight short denim skirt wow she's a hot bitch. So I stood behind
the counter and watched her walk into the store and she stood
there beautiful as ever. So I asked can I help you? Yes someone
called my daughters are here they shoplifted your store earlier.
Oh yes I said they are in the back office the officer is talking
with them now, can go in too, sure so I showed her were the
office was and before she came in the store I rigged a chloroform
tank so when she open the door it fills the room quick with gas
and she should be out in seconds. So when I showed her the office
I told her to go in I have to get something first, ok thank you
as soon as the door opened the room filled with chloroform and
she walked in she fainted to the floor I then put on the gas mask
I had in the other room on, and walked into the room and stuck a
cloth in her mouth, duct taped it shut and turned her over taped
her hands and legs behind her back, turned her over and started
to kiss her all over French kiss her and then I carried her to my
van which was parked in the back of the store. I laid her in the
back and wrapped her up in plastic and then drove off with
Stephanie in the back of my van. While I was driving I looked
back in the mirror time after time, to see if she was waking up,
but no movement, So I said to her Your mind bitch and so are your
daughters. Your going to be my Family, We are going to have fun
together and have fun each night with new and exciting games to
play, I am going to have fun first with your youngest one Emily
she is my sex toy and so is your oldest girl, I can't wait to see
what you have in store for me too. I am the kind of man you tell
your kids to watch out for I am the guy that every women dares to
met a dark alley, I am the guy who is going to have you and your
girls forever and ever.

A few hrs later I arrived at my house, Stephanie was starting to
move a little but I took out the chloroform and covered her mouth
with my hands and held it over her mouth for a while and then
duct taped it over her mouth too, so she would not wake up till I
was ready for her. I carried her in the house and took her to the
master bed room and untied her and then took off her clothes and
then retied her up with handcuffs around her hands and legs
behind her back, turned her over and duct taped her mouth and
with cloth in her mouth she would not wake up for a few hrs yet.
I then tied her to the bed and shackled and chained her body the
end posts and let her lay there nude, while I went to check on
the girls. I walked down stairs and sure enough they were both
still tied together and both were still out from the chloroform,
I then took Emily's sister first I looked in her shorts to see if
she had ID I look and found her Drivers License and her name was
Amy Smith I said wow nice name. So I took Amy to a different room
and duct taped her hands and legs together tied her nude body the
bed with straps and duct taped her mouth with the cloth shoved in
it. I then walked into the main room in the basement where sweet
sexy Emily laid with her little hands bound and legs bound with
handcuffs and duct taped her mouth duct taped her legs and hands
behind her back and strapped her to the mattress. He then un tied
her hand and legs held them down with his hands and knees and
took hi hard rock cock and stroked himself over her nude little
body, down her little tits and down her stomach and to her little
clean clit and pussy which he licked clean so he could stick his
hard cock in and rape and molest her till he would cum in her
after he was done cumming her he then tied her back up duct taped
her hands behind her back and duct taped her mouth and chained
her legs together and then took her to a side hidden room and
strapped her to the bed in the room and then turned on the video
camera and let her lay there in the nude tied bound and gagged.
He then thought to himself I am still very horny and I want more
much more, so he went to he room where Amy was laying and untied
her straps and let her hands and legs still tied with duct tape
on and then got on top of her and took his hard cock felt her all
over, first he felt her big succulent breasts and then moved down
to her hairy pussy and felt around and started to jam her hard
harder and the hardest he could while jamming her over and over
he felt his load go in her and after he let his load go in Amy he
kissed her all over and licked her clean and her breasts over and
over again, till he cum in her for the 45 time he stopped and
then thought to himself I want more and more and more much more
so he then re tied Amy up to Emily tied them together nude tied
their hands and legs together behind their back and taped her
mouth together so they would be tied bound and gagged together he
would molest and rape them late after he had lots of fun with
their mother Stephanie.

He then got up from the basement and said to himself that he was
going to have fun with Stephanie and do much more with her than
he did with her two daughters. He first walked to his garage and
got his battery charger and voltage device he then took some more
duct tape he found rope chains straps handcuffs ball gags and
other items he had for this moment. He then walked into the house
walked to he room where Stephanie was tied bound and gagged to
the bed , he opened the door walked in and took off his clothes
and stood there and looked at the lay there tied and gagged nude
she was HOT so he first hooked the voltage device up and hooked
up to her breasts and then tied rope and chains to her hands and
legs and strapped her down tight to the bed, turned it on and
shocked her over and over till she woke up and started to scream
in the cloth duct tape gag he had taped over her mouth with the
rope and ball gag ready to be but in her mouth after he turned
the device off. He then got on top off her took her gag off and
kissed her over and over with his tongue in her mouth she would
try to scream and cry but no luck no one who would hear her. He
then took the ball gag and straps and tied her mouth tight and
her eyes he duct taped them shut while he laid on her nude body
her took hi hard cock and felt her all over and then jammed it in
her asshole and fucked her so hard and so fast he had cum in her
439 times in a few hrs after he was done he got up and went down
stairs and took Emily and Amy up stairs to the room their mother
was in he then tied them all together and raped and molest them
over and over each day and night as long as they lived with him.
He would tied the youngest one with her arms tied behind her back
tape over mouth and her legs spread apart while he would fondle
her sister while raping their mouth he would touch Emily and Amy
while raping Stephanie was tied bound and gagged on the table her
breasts were shown and her pussy too she he can fuck her over and
over while touching her two young girls. He would love to feel
each other while he would cum over each of them.

A few years later They were still a hostages of him and sure
enough every night he would duct tape and tie them up together
and rape them and molest them and over and over again each day
and night with them tied and gagged they lived in horror forever
and ever.

