Jaejoong got up, then moved to straddle Changmin's chest. "Come on, Changmin! It's me! It's Jaejoong!" The Darkness rumbled.

Yoochun froze. Jaejoong looked around and then down at Changmin before he raised his head and shouted, "JAEJOONG!!"

The rumbling grew louder.

"Yoochun!" George shouted over the rumbling. Yoochun turned and George held out an arm to draw him back. "I have another idea!" The rumbling was growing louder with every repeated shout from Jaejoong, and Yoochun ran back to her.

"Like on the plane?" he asked, her meaning dawning in his eyes. She nodded, and he leaned down to speak in Yunho's ear.

"I need to see the apartment," he called over the churning of the darkness. "I need to see the rest of the livingroom."

Yunho snapped his fingers, and suddenly they were between an apartment in Seoul on one side and the pit of hell on the other. Yoochun ran to a table in the corner, grabbed a pack of cigarettes and took one out. He lit it in one flick from a lighter on the table, and reached for a bottle sitting nearby. He thumbed the cap off the bottle and took a swig, set the bottle down and turned back to her. The cigarette between his lips, he shrugged out of his jacket, and came in close.

"Incense and a libation offering," he answered the question in George's eyes. "A very old idea."

George understood. "Junsu doesn't smoke," she whispered.

Yoochun took a long drag and held it, shook his head and blew smoke out of his nose. "Nope." He exhaled the rest of the smoke from between his lips and ground out the cigarette on his jeans. "Think you can stand it for a few minutes?"

George nodded. "Absolutely."

Yoochun closed the distance between them, and with one last glance at Junsu lying unmoving in the pit, said, "Then let's get him back." He wrapped one hand around her neck, and the other found her shoulder blades. George closed her eyes, and let go.

Kissing Yoochun had been sensual, sweet even, up to now. But...this. Yoochun was holding onto her--to Junsu's body--with an intensity that weakened her knees. He devoured her mouth, tongue slipping in and tasting. George returned the kiss, threading her hands in his hair, and a low growl vibrated through both of them. Yoochun's hands roamed lower, and he cupped her ass, pulling her tightly against him. George moaned, and Yoochun began to rock against her, causing concentration-shattering sensations that spread from her groin to every part of her body. Somewhere on the periphery she felt fingers wrap around her ankle...

George was falling. Her knees buckled and she collapsed backward. Strong hands caught her and carried her to the ground. There was a voice murmuring in her ear.

"You're alright. Don't fight it. Remember your own body, and let it remember you." Yunho's fingers were gently stroking the base of her neck. George did what he told her for a few seconds, then tried to pull herself upright. Yunho had his hands on her shoulders to stop her from getting up, but she saw what she was looking for--Yoochun was still kissing Junsu.

And Junsu was kissing him back.

"One down. Two to go," Yunho whispered, giving her shoulder a squeeze before moving back to Jaejoong's side.

Jaejoong had stopped yelling, George realized. The rumbling continued, but Jaejoong sat still, straddling Changmin, sword in hand. He was studying Changmin's face.

"What's he doing?" she wondered out loud.

"I think," Junsu answered, falling to his knees beside her and dragging Yoochun down beside him, "He's thinking."

"He'd better not start the apocalypse again," Yoochun murmured, wrapping one arm around Junsu, and laying the other on George's back. She met his eyes, and saw the gratitude in them.

"You're welcome," she mouthed to him, and Yoochun gave her a small smile. He wrapped both arms around Junsu, pulled him closer, and turned back to the scene in the pit.

Jaejoong stood up. He looked around at the swirling, rumbling blackness, and ran his fingers over the length of his sword, rolling it deftly through his hands. With one more look down at Changmin's face, he closed his eyes, and gripped the hilt in both hands, blade pointed down. Jaejoong took a breath, wings unfurling wide. "CHANGMIN!" he shouted, raised his sword above his head, and plunged it into Changmin's heart.

There was fire. It blinded George, and when she closed her eyes, the light from it still burned into her. The roar that accompanied the fire was nearly as deafening as the light was blinding, and she covered her ears. After a moment, the light diminished and she was able to open her eyes. Changmin's soul was gone, and standing before them was a dragon.

He was big, George couldn't help but think. Black scales tinged with greens and blues, wiry muscles roiling beneathe his skin, Changmin huffed deep breaths of grey smoke, tail swinging threateningly from one side to the other, dark eyes full of fury. With claws sharp like black diamond, he scratched at the sword in his chest, anger rising. There was another deafening bellow when claw met blade, and he drew himself to full height in pain.

"JAEJOOOOONG!"

The word vibrated in the darkness, and the rumbling stopped. A flash of white from out of the engulfing blackness shot up before the dragon. Jaejoong hovered in the air facing Changmin.

"You called?" Jaejoong asked. George could tell he was grinning from the tone of his voice.

"Get this thing out of me," Changmin hissed, "Or you'll do more than wear one of my claws around your neck."

"Gladly," Jaejoong answered. He took hold of the sword, and with great delicacy, slid it free from Changmin's chest. Changmin roared again, but it sounded more annoyed than furious to George. He blew smoke at Jaejoong, who let it swirl around him before a breeze cleared the air once more. Jaejoong reached a hand out to affectionately rub the dragon's neck. "You ready to get out of here?"

"NO." The voice came out of the blackness and then, "He is mine," the coalescing form of a familiar man said. "I have claimed him."

Jaejoong dropped to the ground, started toward the Yunho-clone and swung his sword in a menacing circle. "Believe me," he said through gritted teeth, "You don't claim Changmin unless he's already claimed you."

The Yunho look-alike held up his hand. "You will be still," he ordered Jaejoong. Nothing happened, and Jaejoong kept moving toward him.

"Jaejoong," another voice said softly, and now Jaejoong froze. The dragon was gone, and Changmin was standing in his human form, watching the being with Yunho's face. "Jaejoong," Changmin said again, voice growing stronger as he came forward.

"No!" Yunho's look-alike shrieked. "No! Not that name!" His face began to twist and waver.

"Show yourself," Jaejoong growled. Changmin came to stand behind Jaejoong, and wrapped his hand over Jaejoong's on the sword.

"Kim Jaejoong," Changmin said, full-voiced and sure, curling his free arm beneath Jaejoong's wings and around his waist. Jaejoong's sword caught fire.

The likeness of Yunho melted away. What George saw next was an enormous graveling whose image expanded with a shriek, before the ash swirled and collapsed into the form of another man. This time, she did not recognize him. But Jaejoong did.

"Lee," he snarled.

"You arrogant, selfish ingrates," Lee snapped, folding his hands in front of him, and glaring at Jaejoong. "I gave you everything. Made you all that you are. Built an empire around you." He lifted his lip disapprovingly. "But you couldn't even show respect for your elders. Couldn't be satisfied with your due."

"Yunho," Yoochun said quietly. "They're coming for us." Thunder rumbled outside the apartment. The ground began to shake slightly.

"Take Junsu," Yunho told him. "I will stay here with George." She watched Yoochun help Junsu to his feet, and with a tight smile at her, they went outside.

"I am so tired of this." Changmin said flatly. "When I stayed, but wouldn't cower, they brought me here. They have no claim on my soul, Jae. Let's finish it."

Jaejoong turned his head in the darkness, looked directly at Yunho. "Your Realm, Your Lordship."

"The End is Sanctioned," Yunho spoke, and it echoed through George's soul.

Jaejoong took a step forward with Changmin, and together they swung.

It was a soul-ending blow. Ash mixed with the blackness around them, borne away on gusts of air, swallowed by darkness. Changmin's legs gave out, and he clung to Jaejoong's shoulder.

"Jae," Changmin whispered, exhaustion overtaking him.

Jaejoong turned, refurled his wings, and caught Changmin before he could fall. "Min," he answered, pulling Changmin to him, and resheathing his now lightless sword.

"Come home," Yunho said into the silence. Both Jaejoong and Changmin looked up.

Jaejoong steadied Changmin on his feet, then stepped back, turned and spread his wings. He looked over his shoulder. "Come on Minnie-ah," he said, mouth quirked, patting his shoulder. "I won't drop you, I promise."

Changmin laughed, and it turned into a cough. "I hate you, Kim Jaejoong," he said fondly and wrapped his arms around Jaejoong's neck.

"I love you, too," Jaejoong whispered, and leapt into the air, carrying Changmin out of the pit.

Somewhere nearby, a clock chimed midnight.

"Your Realm?" George asked Yunho, once the darkness faded, and the apartment appeared around them once more.

"The Death of the Soul," Yunho answered. "I am master over physical death, but I also hold the authority to smite the fundamental nature of a being. To end their soul."

"He was a graveling," George said.

"Yes," Yunho agreed. "He was. A very old, very nasty graveling."

"Have I always had your permission to destroy gravelings?" She'd never thought about it as anything more than an ability.

Yunho smiled. "You would not be possessed of the power to do so if you did not already have my permission. Jaejoong asking me for permission was his way of knowing for sure I would have dealt the blow with him had I been at his side."

Lightening struck so close then, the windows rattled. It was deafening. Yunho grinned. "He's coming into his power."

George jerked her head toward the door. "Yoochun is doing that?"

"He's a storm god," Yunho said reverently. "When he sheds tears, the heavens weep with him." The lightening struck again and again.

"He's a pissed-off storm god," George murmured.

"Indeed," Yunho agreed, eyes bright.

George went to a window and looked out. Yoochun was standing with his legs apart, arms raised to the sky. Junsu was wrapped around him at his back, head turned and resting against Yoochun's neck.

"He's grounding him," Yunho told her before she could ask. The flashes of lightening and crackles of thunder were occurring at the same moment now, and George pressed her hands over her ears and watched. A dark cloud very low to the ground was coming closer and closer. The lightening illuminated it enough that she could see what looked like creatures made of dust hurtling toward them. It took her a moment to see that they were gravelings, much like Lee had been before he took human form again, large and furious.

Just as they were closing in on Yoochun and Junsu, the rain came. It was a whirlwind of water, drops coming hard and near-sideways, flickers of electricity punctuated by the occassional peal of thunder. The ground shook, and so did the apartment. And then it was over. The gravelings were gone, and the sky, while still swirling with clouds, was settling back toward a stormless night.

The quiet was nearly as unsettling as the storm had been. The door opened too loudly, and Yoochun and Junsu stumbled inside, giddy smiles on their faces. George rubbed her eyes and swallowed, letting her pulse slow. She turned to see Junsu's eyes fall closed as his head lolled back against Yoochun's shoulder.

"Not yet, Junsu," Yunho said softly, reaching a hand to keep him upright. Junsu sighed, but let Yoochun help him to stay standing. Yunho rose and ruffled his hair, and Junsu attempted a face, but quickly closed his eyes again and leaned against Yoochun once more.

"Incoming," Junsu murmured, and Yoochun laughed.

"I can feel them," he said with wonder in his voice.

So could George. It was a metaphysical version of a falling meteor heading right for her. With serious deja-vu, she braced herself for an impact, but at the last moment, Jaejoong seemed to slow, and they landed easily on the livingroom floor.

Changmin slid down Jaejoong's back, and fell to his knees in front of his body. Junsu moved to help him, and Changmin murmured something George couldn't hear.

"Roll," Junsu suggested, and Changmin lay on his side next to his body. Junsu reached down and gently touched Changmin's chest. Changmin's soul fell backward into his body and he started to breathe again. He coughed and Junsu knelt down, held a hand over Changmin's heart. "It's going to take a day or two for that to heal," he said thoughtfully.

Changmin reached up and put his hand over Junsu's. "I could hear you the whole time," he said softly.

"Who's going to do me?" Jaejoong asked.

Yoochun crossed his arms. Junsu lay down on the floor next to Changmin, and turned his back on Jaejoong. Yunho sat down on the sofa.

"George is," Yunho said, reaching for Yoochun.

"I--what?" George looked up at Yunho, certain she'd heard wrong.

"You're going to put Jaejoong's soul back where you found it," Yunho told her, pulling Yoochun down onto the sofa with him. Yoochun smiled at her and curled up next to Yunho.

"I don't do 'putting back,'" George said. "I'm a Reaper. I take souls."

There were snickers all around the room. Even Yunho smiled.

"Georgia Lass," Yunho said with affection. "Have you learned nothing in the past 24 hours?"

"But--" But what, Peanut? She heard from somewhere inside her. Haven't you learned yet that the one constant in life is change? George met Yoochun's eyes--the eyes of a newly-become god. "You're like me," she remembered.

Yoochun's smiled widened. "I'm like you," he said with a nod.

"You know, George," Daisy had said to her once, "You have your very own saint."

No, Daisy, George thought, moving to stand in front of Jaejoong, Today, I AM a fucking saint. She grinned, and Jaejoong's eyes widened as her hand shot out and she shoved him backward, soul falling back into place.

Jaejoong grinned back at her from the floor and stretched.

Miracle. Fucking. Three.