Our Beginners Guide to Exhibitionism
Some friends of ours many years ago said that after a while naturism can become pass’e and the mind begins to drift thinking of ways to make your naturist activities just a little more exciting. It was during the many trips to our two local beaches that we always attracted the voyeurs, properly due to our smooth states. Whilst we were initially put off by their voyeurism we decided, for a bit of fun, to let them enjoy their favourite pursuit by purposely positioning ourselves so that they could get a better view. You will find a story in our personal pages of our exploits at the beach.
It was our fun with these beach voyeurs that lead us down another interesting avenue of fun and excitement. It is also a well known fact that naturism does educate you to be more at ease with your body and nudity. Heather has always enjoyed wearing revealing clothes that are worn both provocatively and daringly depending on the occasion. Other times Heather wears as little as possible like short mini-skirts, revealing tops and definitely no underwear. This soon lead us or should I say Heather into daring acts of, first partial nudity and then full nudity in public places at parties or in a carefully controlled atmosphere. Our mutual appreciation of exhibitionism provides us with stimulation and an adrenaline rush fuelled by the excitement and the danger that Heather could be viewed at anytime by the unsuspecting public. Although we try to ensure that Heather does not get caught unintentionally, we do not go out of our way to shock or upset those who may find her displays offensive.  We are very much into mood and atmosphere and if the location is right then Heather is happy to shedding her clothes and can become very adventurous and daring. Heather is an exceptionally attractive woman with a beautiful bodily features, a wonderful and daring personality and a sense of adventure and a lets try it attitude. And I’m very proud to be her husband.  All our ideas are thoroughly discussed beforehand and if Heather has any doubts or feels uneasy at any time we drop the whole idea. These times are rare, but we have to weigh up the enjoyment and excitement against the risks involved. Of course, flashing in public, the situation can change very quickly and if Heather feels uneasy she quickly covers up. There are often times when we are out and about when an unexpected opportunity arises which normally gives us an even greater buzz. We recall an event one summer afternoon last year, we were driving back from Brighton along the seafront after a photo shoot when Heather suggested popping down to the unofficial naturist beach at Shoreham for an hour. On arriving at the beach Heather jumped out of the car, climbed down onto the beach stripped off and ran around naked before going for a swim much to the delight of other beach users. 
We always take our camera to capture Heather in all her glory. When we an opportunity does arise we set up the shot with Heather just wearing a coat or dress and when no one is nearby Heather slips off her coat or dress and click, another photograph for our album. Most of the photographs displayed on our personal exhibitionist pages are taken from our own personal photo albums.
For us exhibitionism is an all year round activity, during the summer months Heather wear just a light front buttoned summer dress which she can quickly slip off and on. In the winter months, Heather wears a long coat, stockings and shoes or boots. The only downside to our exhibitionism is that Heather would like me to exhibit myself, whilst I find her suggestion most inviting the risks would be just too great. Of coarse it is a lot easier for the girls to flash than it is for us guys, you girls can walk about wearing just a coat and shoes and no one would know you were naked underneath. 
We found the following article on the net, we do not know who wrote. As this site is no more we have decided to re-publish it, re-write parts of it and added some of our own suggestions and advice for newcomers to exhibitionism.

Exhibitionism of your partner can be a fun activity for both of you. If you have never tried anything like this, there are one or two potential problems with it.  Firstly, depending on exactly what you’re doing and where you are doing it can be illegal, if a man exhibits himself, or flashes at unsuspecting passers by they are committing a criminal offence and could likely end up in court. If a woman does so, it is unlikely that much would legally come of it. However, you should be aware that this is, legally speaking, still a criminal offence. The main reason being is that if you are involving other people, without their consent and they may be unhappy, disturbed or annoyed at this and understandably so. There is a very thin line to be drawn, therefore, it is up to you as to where you draw it. Of coarse the only safe area is an official or unofficial naturist beach, but even they are getting fewer in the UK, many exhibitionists however don’t consider these daring enough but it can be a good place to start.  
Displaying your partners body, or getting her to do it can be a very potent and arousing activity. Normally, we spend a lot of time clothed, and letting someone else see your partners naked or partially naked body is exciting, dangerous and very erotic. Initially you partner may not be all that keen on the idea, so it is best to approach this in slow step-by step stages, it may take several years to progress from one stage to another. However, you are not in a race with anyone else, so do not feel that you’ve got to end up getting your partner to walk naked down the high street within a few days or weeks! Taking it slowly allows you both to discuss it, and decide to stop at a point at which you both feel comfortable. So, although we are talking about a series of stages, do whatever you feel happy with; we are not advocating what you have to do, merely some of the things and ideas that you can do. 
The first stage is to wear normal everyday clothes, but without underwear, initially Heather felt a little vulnerable at first but soon became accustomed to the freedom. If she wears a shirt or blouse with buttons, or a short skirt, so much the better. Encourage her not to button up all the way; in fact to wear the blouse with one more button undone than usual. You should be able to get a nice view when she leans over, and you should both get a thrill out of the fact that you can see rather more of her than you’d expect to in a public situation!  Choose your location/s carefully, since one of the exciting things is that someone might just see a little more than they would do normally. Go somewhere quiet and get her to perhaps undo all the buttons on her shirt, that way if someone happens to come along, its still possible for her to cover up quickly, and its unlikely that anyone will notice anything. Its very interesting, people see what they expect to see, and although people probably wouldn’t notice her desperate attempts to hold her shirt together, you don’t know for certain, and neither does she. 
What ever you do, do not force her into something that she is not happy about doing or does not want to do. Encourage her, but remember to praise her, but do not mock her. As we said earlier take it slowly and allow her to find her own level and what she is happy with before suggesting other or more daring ideas and locations.
Ideas and locations can be endless, here are a few ideas in order to get more comfortable with flashing in an environment in which she still has a lot of control over the situation: 

A clothing store: 
Get her to change into something else in a cubical, but leave the curtain just slightly open, so that if someone is at the right angle, they might be able to see into it, and at her. There are lots of levels of daringness here, the extent to which the curtain is left open, if she’s wearing underwear, and indeed what she is changing into. 

Sunbathing: 
Lying on her front with the strap of her bikini undone. She can then sit up, either a little or a lot, depending on who is around and how brave she feels. 

In a train carriage: 
Once people get settled in their seats they don’t often move around. Choose a quiet time of the day, and wait until the train has moved off. Then she can undo her top, or pull up her skirt for you to see. Of course, you can vary this depending on the time of day, so that it is busier, or with the number of people around you. 

In the car:
Have a look next time you are driving along, its actually quite difficult to see what passengers in other cars are wearing, unless you are a lorry driver of course. Start off slow, perhaps without jeans/skirt and get braver by not wearing a top. Try it at night first and then progress until you feel confident in doing it in daylight.
 
We have labelled all of these as ‘novice’, with some twists in there. We are sure you can think of further ideas and there’s plenty of others you could do as well. However, really they are not ‘novice’ - if that’s all you want to do that’s fine, just go with what you feel happy doing.  

Intermediate exhibitionism.
The next stage is a little more dangerous, and perhaps a little more exciting.  Up until now, it has been reasonably easy to cover up and to act as though nothing happened. You might want to try some situations where it is not quite as easy. 

At the beach: 
Wearing a bikini into the water and ‘loose’ the top, or the bottom or both, it looks accidental, and it is unlikely, anyone would mind that much if they did happen to catch an eyeful. For added excitement, place your beach mat a little way up the beach, so she has to walk back. For a little more safety and for the less adventurous have the beach mat closer to the sea and have a towel handy.  Wear a low-cut t-shirt, the athletic body builder types are good for this, the ones with the large armholes. Difficult not to flash in that situation, and if anyone is particularly interested, they can work out for themselves the best position to stand in to get a good look. Wear it to the supermarket, and lean down into the chill cabinet, which has added results! 

Bodypaint: 
This is a great one. You can buy cheap Bodypaint in toyshops, and a little bit of practice should result in a reasonable hand painted bikini top. People will ‘see’ the bikini, they do not see that there is not one, especially from a distance. All you need to do is get your partner to wear a bikini top then draw around it, remove it and colour it in.

Oopps: 
Choose an old dress (for reasons as you will see), with nothing underneath or just a g-string and then accidentally catch the dress in the car door when getting out, and walk away, ripping it off. You might need to do some work on the seams for this to work properly. 

Water: 
Choose a top that goes transparent when wet. Plenty of ways to get it wet. 

At night: 
Go out late evening during especially in the summer, cool night air is lovely against the skin. Try walking along a quite country road with nothing on under a front-buttoned dress or light coat. Open the coat, or remove it entirely. Walk some way away from your naked partner. Don’t go too far just in case a car does come around the corner, you want to be in a position to cover her quickly, you don’t want the driver to think she’s been attacked. 

The woods: 
Take a walk in the woods, off the beaten track. Discard clothing as you go. If you find a nice suntrap, lay out a blanket for some nude sunbathing. If anyone does come by, it is unlikely that they will be too distressed. 
  
Photo booths:
Are not just for taking photographs to put into your passport!
 
Advanced exhibitionism.
Still with us? Good, because now is where it starts to get really interesting.  If you’ve been patient and encouraging and your partner has built up enough confidence you can really start getting daring. We are at the point of no return now… if she gets seen, well, she gets seen and there isn’t a damn thing to be done about it. 

Back to the woods: 
Wear some old clothes, once into the woods, rip them off, there will still be material available for covering up, but its going to be increasingly difficult to remain modest. If you feel really adventurous find a spot off the beaten track and remove your partners clothing and walk away. There are plenty of variations to this idea, start off by leaving her wearing just her bra and undies, but each time walk a little further away. As your partners confidence grows leave her with just her undies and then completely naked, this was one of our favourites and Heather has had many a 500 hundred-yard or more dash to her clothes. Another tip is to hide her clothes :) 

An early morning or late evening walk: 
Sunday, 6am or midnight. Most people are in bed, but you never can tell. 

Celebrations:  
Get a little too excited at an open air party… people don’t usually care what happens when they’re celebrating England winning an important football match, or listening to their favourite band at an open air concert. 

Car-parks: 
Visit a car park at night multi-stories are good.  Car parks can be great fun, if done correctly. You need to discover the right car park, which might take some time. Try and find one located at a tourist spot or, you guessed it, a wood. Park up and wait. Sooner or later a car will drive in and park. A little while later you’ll probably hear a rustling as the peeping tom gets a bit closer, at which point you can turn the car light on, or use a flashlight. Display, play, whatever, with a willing and enthusiastic audience. 

Driven naked:
This has got to be one of the most exhilarating acts of exhibitionism, driving your partner around completely naked at night or if your have the courage during the day. You will be surprised just how much you can get away with and how unobservant people are. If you both want to be really daring both should be completely naked.

Hotels: 
Big time fun, get accidentally locked outside the room for a few moments or longer. Go into the hotel sauna with just a towel on, fun on the way there and on the way back. 

Involving other people.
This is where you really have the moral dilemma, of course. There are a few things that can be done though. In case you are wondering. We did not include car-parking in this section, because the voyeurs are there for a specific reason, which is to watch. This section is to flash people who weren’t expecting it, but as we said, you don’t want to upset them. However, it is always worth being in mind that if you flash quickly, most people won’t believe their eyes. 

Escalators: 
Flash the people going up as you go down. Or vice versa. 
 
On the train again: 
Stand up and flash passengers on the opposite platform as the train leaves the station. They probably wont believe what they have seen. 
Nudist beaches: 
 
People obviously expect nudity on a beach. Some come specifically to look for it, and you can soon tell. They tend to circle, getting closer and closer or just walk by you numerous times. They can be encouraged, if not a simple glare will usually warn them off. The only downside to this one is voyeurs may assume that all naked women on a nude beach want to be watched, but that isn’t always the case of course. Use discretion, and be considerate of the fact that encouraging people to look at your partner is different to implicitly encouraging them to look. 

Sentry duty: 
Locate someone who cannot leave their post this maybe an ice-cream van, a 24-hour garage at night, shopkeeper etc. Get her to wear something revealing, which shows enough, but not everything. You will soon get an idea about their level of enthusiasm, and if they are interested, engage in chit-chat. They will be happy to do that, trust me. 

Photographs: 
It’s always fun to have a memento of the event, but don’t forget that you’re still involving someone else, if you have to get the pictures developed. As long as it is just straight forward nudity there shouldn’t be too much of a problem, since the developers have seen it all before. If in doubt ask. Or, for greater fun, choose a developer who develops the photographs as they come out of the machine into the window (not Boots though). Make sure you and partner are there to watch the photographic evidence being shown in a front window for anyone to see. They probably won’t, but you can never be sure, can you?.  Those above are just a few of the things you might want to try. They can all be amended for greater or lesser exposure depending on how you feel.  The Rascals golden rules for exhibitionism. These are just our rules. we don’t expect anyone else to follow them, and we are not saying that you should. 

Check out the location before you start. 
Plan an escape route or explanation if the worst happens.  Remember that other people may not like it, so be respectful of them, and remember that you can get away with more than you think.  Have something available for cover up. 
Go at a pace that is comfortable for both of you. 
A daring exhibitionist is a confident exhibitionist.  This only comes as a result of experience, so don’t rush it. Spend longer looking around and less looking at her, just so that you can see if someone is coming. 
Always be on the lookout for good sites. 
Enjoy it! 

Are You an Exhibitionist?
This test was developed to test your propensity toward exhibitionism. Score one point for every answer that you can truthfully answer “yes” to, total up your points, divide by 2.00, and use the chart below to figure your rating.  
(0)- Total innocent only your doctor and your parents have seen you naked and your parents have not seen you naked since you were five years old.  (1-10) - Fairly innocent in addition to your doctor and parents, your spouse has seen you naked with the lights on, but only after a lengthy courtship and five years of marriage. 
(11-20) - Innocently exposed your spouse or partner has talked you out of your clothes outside of your house to go skinny-dipping or out hiking in the woods.  Anyone else who has seen you naked was purely accidental and you are still ashamed of the incident and blush furiously when it is brought up.  (21-30) - Bashfully exposed there are people other than your spouse or partner who have seen you sans clothes purely by accident. However, you have to admit to a secret pleasure in having been seen naked. 
(31-40) - Accidental flasher to tell the truth, most of those times that someone “accidentally” saw you naked were not really accidental at all.  (41-50) - Playful flasher you have been known to play strip poker and have been talked out of your clothing to go skinny dipping on occasion around close friends. You don’t mind being naked, but are afraid you’ll get into trouble.  (51-60) - Casual nudist in the proper situations, you do not have any problems with being naked and there are close friends that you are comfortable being naked around, but you shy away from public nudity or having strangers see you naked. 
(61-70) - Vacationing nudist in addition to your casual nudity, you have been known to let loose on vacation and get naked in public since nobody knows you anyway. 
(71-80) - Full nudist you spend much of your personal time in the nude. Your Household is clothing optional for family and friends, you do not own a swimsuit, and even casual acquaintances remember you from when you got naked at that labour day party. 
(81-90) - Total show off you think nothing of dropping your clothes at a moment’s Notice. You enjoy being naked and look for opportunities to take your clothes off in public. 
(91-100) - Total exhibitionist it is rare to find you in clothes on your own time. There are few friends, family members, business associates, etc. That have not see you naked. People have to clarify to you that when they say “casual Dress” for a party, that it means you should wear clothes. When people are given word association tests, they will link your name to the words nude, naked, and so forth. People often tell you that they did not recognise you with clothes on. 

Here are a few general guidelines for interpreting the questions: 
The words “naked” or “nude” generally mean that most of the body is unclothed and that the male chest, genitalia, and buttocks or female breasts, genitalia, and buttocks are fully exposed. Garments such as hats, gloves, and shoes are allowed, as they do not cover much of anything.  “Exposing oneself” generally means showing off the socially forbidden parts of one’s body long enough for someone to get a good look at you. These include the male buttocks and genitals or the female buttocks, genitals, and breasts.  A man with his shirt off is not exposed, but a woman with her shirt and bra off is exposed. One does not have to be fully “naked” to be “exposed.” Socially permitted nudity such as that experienced in doctor’s offices, locker rooms, dressing rooms, and such is generally not counted unless under exceptional circumstances. Being naked in a locker room while they are filming a story for the evening news would probably count for something. The concept behind “flashing” is that you are generally covered up, but expose yourself (see above) to someone briefly for a certain shock value. “mooning” is flashing your buttocks and is not considered to be quite as shocking as flashing other parts. 
The concept behind “streaking” is that you are naked and run past or through a group of people for the shock value. 
Participating at a nudist event means at least being naked for some period of Time, but generally assumes going the whole way and getting fully naked for an extended period of time. 
In the situations described here, a “friend” is considered to be in a Non-sexual relationship with you. The words “partner” or “spouse” defines a sexual relationship. a “friend” may be either the same or opposite sex from you. 
You will notice that there are series of questions that share a theme. It is assumed that you will notice this and some information may be left out of the subsequent questions after being stated earlier. Read back through the questions immediately before a particular question if it seems that you are missing Information. 

Have you ever... 
1.Been naked in your house in a room other than the bedroom or bathroom (or between
these two rooms)? 
2.	Regularly slept in the nude? 
3.	Danced around the house in your underwear (i.e.: the movie risky business)? 
4.	Danced around the house nude? 
5.	Bathed with a partner (full nudity, shower or bath)? 
6.	Bathed with a same-sex friend? 
7.	Bathed with an opposite-sex friend? 
8.	Used the toilet with someone else in the bathroom with you (private bathroom, Not public.
9.	Lounged around home naked (watched tv, read, etc.) While alone? 
10.	Lounged around home naked with a partner or spouse? 
11.	Lounged around home naked with a same-sex friend? 
12.	Lounged around home naked with an opposite-sex friend? 
13.	Greeted your partner at the front door wearing strategically placed bows or Ribbons? 
14.	Greeted your partner at the front door naked? 
15.	Greeted someone else at the front door naked thinking that it was your Partner? 
16.	Been caught naked at your home unexpectedly by a delivery person, 
17.Maintenance person etc. or purposefully exposed yourself to a delivery person,
maintenance person, Meter reader, or other workman etc 
18.	Done household chores (vacuuming, cooking, etc.) In the nude? 
18.Stripped naked to do messy chores for ease of clean up (painting, cleaning, Bathing
children or pets? 
20.	Worked out (lifted weights, aerobics, etc.) In the nude? 
21.	Done outside chores (gardening, mowed the lawn, etc.) In the nude? 
22.	Washed your car in the nude (backyard, driveway, garage)? 
23.	Washed your car in the nude at a car wash? 
24.	Practised household nudity (clothes are optional at any time inside your House. 
25.	Practised household nudity within a select group of friends? 
26.	Been naked in your yard after dark? 
27.	Been naked in your yard in broad daylight? 
28.	Been naked outside in the rain? 
29.	Been naked outside in the snow? 
30.	Sunbathed nude in your yard? 
31.	Sunbathed nude on your house or porch roof? 
32.	Sunbathed nude on the roof of a commercial building (your office, store, Etc.)? 
33.	Sunbathed nude on the roof of a college campus building? 
34.	Sunbathed nude on an apartment or hotel balcony? 
35.	Sunbathed nude at a secluded beach? 
36.	Sunbathed nude on a private boat (lake, river, ocean, etc.)? 
37.	Sunbathed nude at a public (non-nudist) beach? 
38.	Sunbathed nude on secluded public land (State Park, lakeshore, etc.)? 
39.	Sunbathed nude on accessible public land (town park, college campus, etc.)? 
40.Sunbathed nude in a highway median (preferably one of the wide grassy ones, Not the little
concrete ones)? 
41.	Sunbathed nude on a billboard catwalk? 
41.Gone skinny-dipping in a private pool (backyard or otherwise limited to just People you
know)? 
43.	Gone skinny-dipping in a public pool (hotel, club, town, or city pool)? 
44.	Gone skinny-dipping in a public hot tub (hotel, club, or gym. 
45.	Gone skinny-dipping in a public outdoor fountain? 
46.	Gone skinny-dipping in a public indoor fountain (mall, hotel, etc.)? 
47.	Gone skinny-dipping in the wild (pond, lake, stream, etc.)? 
48.	Gone skinny-dipping in the ocean? 
49.	Gone polar bear skinny-dipping (below freezing weather)? 
50.	Participated in a swimsuit, wet t-shirt, or best buns type contest? 
51.	Shown it all to win a swimsuit, wet t-shirt, or best buns type contest? 
52.	Got naked as the dare while playing truth-or-dare? 
53.	Got naked for losing a bet? 
54.	Got naked for (or as a result of) a radio contest? 
55.	Played strip poker or other card game (including strip trivial pursuit)? 
56.	Played strip checkers, chess, or other adult board game? 
57.	Played (as an adult) a strip version of any young children’s board 
58.Played a strip version of any outdoor one-on-one game (basketball, tennis, Lawn darts,
etc.)? 
59.	Played a strip version of any bar game (darts, pool, etc.) At home? 
60.	Played a strip version of any bar game (darts, pool, etc.) At a bar? 
61.	Played twister naked? 
62.	Played golf in the nude? 
63.	Played any indoor team sport (racquetball, basketball, etc.) Naked? 
64.	Played any outdoor team sport (volleyball, soccer, softball, etc.) Naked? 
65.	Played co-ed touch football naked? 
66.	Played co-ed tackle football naked? 
67.Had amateur nude photographs taken of you (photographed by partner, spouse, Friend,
etc.)? 
68.	Had professional nude photographs taken of you (hired someone)? 
69.	Been photographed nude in the natural outdoors (woods, lake, etc)? 
70.Been photographed nude in the populated outdoors (town, city, etc. When nobody was
around)? 
71.	Been photographed nude in public (people are around and can see that you are Naked)? 
72.	Been photographed nude next to a national landmark? 
73.Kept a collection (a dozen photos or more) of photographs of you Naked at places that you
have been to? 
74.Either shown any nude photographs of yourself to friends or displayed them (prominently)
in your home. ( Had a nude photograph of yourself published (reader’s column or on the internet etc.) 
75.Found nude photographs of yourself posted on the Internet by someone else from a public
nude episode. 
76.Found nude photographs of yourself posted on the Internet by someone else from a private
nude episode (i.e.: you were naked at the party, but you did not realise that anyone had
taken photographs)? 
77.	Found nude photographs of yourself posted on the internet by a voyeur 
78.	You did not realise that anyone saw you naked, much less photographed you)? 
79.	Had your own web site devoted to naked pictures of yourself? 
80.	Been featured in a nude magazine (paid for the photos)? 
81.	Been videotaped nude? 
82.	Been videotaped nude outside? 
83.	Had someone videotape you flashing someone? 
84.	Had someone videotape you streaking someone? 
85.	Shown any videotape of you naked to friends? 
86.	Sold, swapped, or otherwise distributed any videotape of you naked? 
87.	Slept in the nude in a tent while camping? 
88.	Slept in the nude in a sleeping bag out under the stars (no tent, cabin, Etc.)? 
89.	Gone rafting or tubing naked? 
90.	Gone hiking naked? 
91.	Gone rock climbing naked? 
92.	Gone jogging naked? 
93.	Gone roller-skating / roller-blading naked? 
94.	Gone skiing naked? 
95.	Bungee jumped naked? 
96.	Parachuted naked? 
97.	Ridden a bicycle or motorcycle naked? 
98.	Ridden a jet-ski or other personal watercraft naked? 
99.	Ridden a horse naked? 
100.	Mooned someone? 
101.	Mooned someone in public (other people around)? 
102.	Mooned a passing vehicle? 
103.	Mooned someone from a hotel balcony? 
104.	Mooned a group of six or more people? 
105.	Mooned an authority figure (parent, teacher, boss, cop)? 
106.	Flashed someone? 
107.	Flashed someone (intentionally) while changing in a dressing room? 
108.	Flashed someone from a hotel balcony? 
109.	Flashed someone from a glass elevator? 
110.	Flashed motorists from the side of the road or from an overpass? 
111.	Flashed motorists from another vehicle? 
112.	Flashed someone at a bar or party? 
113.	Flashed the crowd at a concert? 
114.	Flashed someone from an amusement park ride? 
115.	Flashed an authority figure (parent, teacher, boss, cop)? 
116.	Streaked anyone on a dare? 
117.	Streaked a group of six or more people? 
118.	Streaked an opposite sex restroom or locker room? 
119.	Streaked any of your high school or college functions? 
120.	Streaked your high school or college graduation? 
121.	Streaked your office or other place of work? 
122.	Streaked a golf course? 
123.	Streaked a public gathering? 
124.	Streaked a shopping mall or department store? 
125.	Streaked a wedding or wedding reception? 
126.	Streaked your own wedding reception? 
127.	Streaked a rock concert? 
128.	Streaked a classical music concert or symphony? 
129.	Streaked a professional sporting event? 
130.	Streaked an event being televised live? 
131.	Been part of an organised streak (twenty people or more)? 
132.	Done a striptease alone in front of a mirror? 
133.	Done a striptease for a partner? 
134.	Done a striptease for a friend? 
135.	Stripped for a group of friends? 
136.Stripped for a crowd (amateur night at a strip club, wild party, wet T-shirt contest that got
out of hand, etc.)? 
137.	Stripped for an unknown crowd (i.e.: intentionally left drapes or curtains 
139.	Open for anyone walking by to see 
138.	Stripped professionally? 
139.	Stripped while blindfolded so that you could not see who was watching? 
140.Been blindfolded, taken some place, and told to strip; not knowing where you were or who
was watching? 
141.	Been blindfolded, taken some place outside, and told to strip; not knowing where you were. 
142.	Been seen naked by your mother or father-in-law? 
143.	Been caught naked in a hotel room by a maid, room service, etc? 
144.	Bathed while someone watched you (erotic situation, not locker room)? 
145.	Bathed in a co-ed shower (full nudity, not bathing suits at the beach)? 
146.	Been naked under only a coat in public? 
147.	Been naked under your gown in either your high school or college Graduation? 
148.	Greeted your partner at the bus or train station or airport wearing only a Coat? 
149.	Changed clothes in a moving car in traffic? 
150.	Changed clothes in a parked car (in a parking lot or along a fairly busy Street)? 
151.	Changed clothes outside of a parked car? 
152.	Been naked as a passenger in a car in traffic (in broad daylight)? 
153.	Been naked as the driver in a car in traffic (in broad daylight)? 
154.	Been naked in a limo while it was being driven? 
155.	Been naked in a taxi while it was being driven? 
156.	Been naked on public transportation while it was in operation (subway, bus, Etc.)? 
157.	Been naked on a chartered bus trip? 
158.	Been naked in a convertible with the top down in traffic (in broad Daylight)? 
159.	Gone through a drive-up window or full service gas station while naked. 
160.	Been naked on a commercial aeroplane flight (not in bathroom)? 
161.	Walked out of a store dressing room in your underwear (into public area)? 
162.	Walked out of a store dressing room naked? 
163.	Stopped a public elevator to change clothes in it? 
164.	Got naked in a public elevator? 
165.	Come out of or otherwise accidentally lost your swimsuit in public? 
166.Used a public toilet with someone else in the stall with you (other than one of your
children)? 
167.	Been naked in an opposite sex restroom stall? 
168.	Been naked in an opposite sex restroom (out in the open)? 
169.	Been naked in an opposite sex locker room? 
170.Stripped to your underwear at a Laundromat to wash or dry the clothes that you had been
wearing? 
171.	Stripped naked at a Laundromat to wash or dry the clothes that you had been wearing? 
172.	Exposed yourself in an adult theatre? 
173.	Got naked in an adult theatre? 
174.	Made a phone call in a public phone booth while naked? 
175.	Used an automated teller machine while naked? 
176.	Waited at a bus stop naked? 
177.	Hitchhiked naked? 
178.	Gone into a highway rest stop naked? 
179.	Gone into a gas station, convenience, or fast food store naked? 
180.	Trimmed your pubic hair to better “display” yourself when naked? 
181.	Shaved your pubic hair to better “display” yourself when naked? 
182.Got a tattoo on or near your genitals mainly so that you can show it off And thus expose
yourself? 
183.	Participated in a situational nudist setting (mardi-gras, biker week, spring break, etc.)? 
184.	Participated at a nude beach or nudist camp? 
185.	Been a member of a nude beach or nudist camp? 
186.	Put in a hot tub, sauna, or similar item as an excuse to get people naked at your house? 
187.Been to (or hosted) a nude social gathering (naked participants, not Necessarily anything
sexual)? 
188.Been to (or hosted) a body painting party (people are naked and encouraged To paint upon
one another)? 
189.Been to (or hosted a massage party (people are naked and encouraged to Massage each
other)? 
190.Been to (or hosted) an adult halloween party (costumes with sexual themes Or partial to
full nudity. 
191.Been to (or hosted) a New Year’s eve party where everyone got naked to Welcome in the
New year? 
192.	Been to (or hosted) a shower party (works best with a dorm or locker room Shower)? 
193.	Been the only naked person in a group of three or more other people of both Sexes? 
194.	Been the only naked person in a group of three or more other people of the Opposite sex? 
195.	Been the only naked person in a group of more than a dozen people of the Opposite sex? 
196.	Had sunburn on your private parts from outdoor nudist activity? 
197.	Had poison ivy on your private parts from outdoor nudist activity? 
198.Got a splinter, cut, brush-burn, etc. In a “delicate” area while naked?  Been arrested for
any nudity-related incident? B Been strip-searched? 



