Whatever We Say Until Midnight
by TheBlushingPrincess

Whatever We Say Until Midnight (Part 3)

You know when you’re naked right after having had an orgasm? You just don’t mind being naked. It’s actually very pleasant. Nothing embarrassing about it. But after a little bit, the aura of the orgasm wears away. And then there you are. Just naked. Now that can still be nice if, for example, you’re lying there with a partner who is also naked. That’s a very cozy feeling. But that’s not what was happening here. Not at all.

I was tied spread-eagle to the bed, not a stitch of clothing on me. My post-orgasm high had dissipated, and I had fully returned to reality. And to top it off, my two friends were just standing there looking at me, plotting out the full menu of humiliating tasks they could force me to perform over the next three-and-a-half hours. So this was not a cozy kind of naked at all. This was simply, “Hi, everyone. Come and look at every intimate detail of my body. Yup. It’s right here for you. My boobs. My thighs. My vag. My feet. Just step right up and see the one and only Kelly, the Post-Orgasm Tied-Up Naked Girl.”

So as I laid there, naked and helpless (and maybe starting to get a little cold, with goosebumps forming and nipples poking), Nick looked at Sophia and offered a suggestion.

“Sophia, since Kelly needs to stay tied up until midnight, I was thinking we could at least switch things up a bit and get a different view.”

“Sure, Nick. Sounds intriguing. What did you have in mind?”

I followed Nick with my eyes as he walked over to my right leg. “Well, look.” He held my ankle in his hand. “I was thinking we untie her feet and then retie them up by her hands. You know? I mean, really get her butt out in the fresh air. What do you think?”

I was totally not into that idea. Much too compromising and exposed. (I know. How much more exposed could I be. But still, some things are crossing the line, and that would be one of them.) Sophia looked at me. I looked back at her and covertly blinked two times, slowly. Without sharing my secret signal with Nick, Sophia simply said, “I have a different idea.”

“Alright,” Nick inquired. “What’s your idea?”

“I say we flip her over. You know? Tie her up face down.”

Okay. Well, that was yet another nightmare of mine. And I’ll tell you why. You’re going to think I’m a broken record, but it’s the feet thing again. Tied up face down? My soles are once again just open to the world. It’s a crazy feeling. But it’s like total vulnerability. On the other hand, I do have a really nice ass (or so I’ve been told by more than one observer). So I guess that was kind of a silver lining.

Nick seemed genuinely enthused about Sophia’s idea. “Absolutely. Re-tie her face down. Oh, that’s perfect!”

So it began. They left my wrists and ankles tied to the scarves, but untied the scarves from the headboard and footboard. Then, in an impressively dexterous exchange, they had my wrists secured, arms spread wide, face down, ass up, and feet exposed, in what felt like three seconds flat. Such impressive friends I have. Aren’t I the lucky one!

Before they tied my ankle restraints to the bed, Nick was curious about something. He stood at the foot of the bed with his hands securely around my ankles.

“Sophia, I was thinking, we could certainly tie her legs spread-eagle again…” He spread my legs wide apart to demonstrate to Sophia what “spread-eagle” means.

“Right,” she said. “I mean, that does give us a nice view of her butt hole.”

I’m glad I was face down for this. I really couldn’t have looked them in the eye.

Then Nick continued. “Or on the other hand,” and he brought my feet together, “we could just tie them together like this.”

Sophia thought about it. “Hmmmm. I don’t know. Show me the options again.”

Nick was happy to oblige. “Sure. We can do spread-eagle, like this,” and he spread my legs as far apart as he could, “or we could tie them together, like this,” and he brought my ankles together one more time.”

I audibly grumbled. “Okay, guys. I think we all know what the options are. Can you please make a decision?”

Sophia couldn’t resist. She said to Nick, “I’m sorry. Can you show me the options one more time, but a little slower?”

“Absolutely.” He very slowly, at a snail’s pace, spread my legs as wide as he possibly could. “You see, we could tie her legs apart, like this.” By now, I had turned my head as far as I could, straining my neck so I could get a better view of the deliberations. It was beyond crazy, as I’m seeing my ass in the foreground and my two friends not far behind.

“Actually,” Nick mused, “I think we could get them further apart. I just can’t reach it on my own. Here, Sophia. You take this ankle,” and he passed my right ankle off to Sophia, “and I’ll take the left. Now let’s see how far apart we can go.”

Well, that’s all it took. They stretched my legs apart with my ankles on completely opposite sides of the bed.

Sophia took a look. “I like it. What do you think?”

Nick nodded. “I like it too. It provides a great perspective. I mean, a really nice vista.”

“Let’s do it!” Sophia exclaimed.

Okay. So I was actually okay with them tying my ankles like that. Well, I mean, not exactly okay with it. But what was I going to do? It certainly could have been worse. But what I couldn’t take, and what was getting worse by the second, was my soles being so exposed. Then I came up with a brilliant idea.

“Sophia, Nick, wait a second.”

“Yes, Kelly? Did you need something?” Sophia asked, seemingly annoyed by the interruption.

“Actually, yes. My feet are getting kind of cold. Could you grab me a pair of socks?” Genius idea. Pure genius. I was so proud of myself.

Sophia turned to Nick. “Aww. Kelly’s feet are cold.”

Mockingly, Nick said, “Aww. Poor Kelly. Her little feet are so cold.”

Sophia said to me, “Well, I would give you socks. I would be happy to. But you see, then you wouldn’t really be naked anymore. And I think you need to stay naked and tied up until midnight. But I don’t want you to be cold.”

Shit. Where was she going with this?

“So Nick,” she said, “let’s just rub her feet to keep her warm!”

Damn it. Just damn it. This was the worst. To have them touching my feet? I mean, not just the tickling of it, but simply the fact that they would be looking at the soles of my feet and touching them. And I’m tied up and helpless to do anything about it. But okay. Focus, Kelly. Focus. You can do this.

They started touching and rubbing my feet. I mean, deep pressure, light pressure. Rubbing the soles. Rubbing the toes. Between the toes. Good heavens. I could hardly take it. And the thing is, they weren’t even trying to torment me. They were genuinely just trying to warm up my feet. It was ironically one of the kinder things I expected from them tonight. It’s just that I hate when people touch or look at my feet.

I was holding on. But I was growing more anxious by the second. I started to feel all goose-pimply and tingly. It was building and building. Finally, I said, “Okay. You can stop touching my feet now.”

Nick rebutted, “But your feet are still so cold.”

“No, really. You can stop.”

Sophia protested. “Kelly, don’t be silly. We need to get you warmed up.”

I went silent and bit my lip. But then it just burst out of me.

“YOU HAVE GOT TO STOP TOUCHING MY FEET!”

They were shocked and surprised. After a stunned second, Sophia asked, “Why?”

And then I did the worst thing possible. I simply wasn’t thinking it through. But I blurted out, “BECAUSE I CAN’T STAND IT WHEN PEOPLE TOUCH OR LOOK AT MY FEET! IT MAKES ME FUCKING CRAZY!”

There was silence. Absolute silence. Holy fuck. What did I just say? What did I just tell them? Oh no, oh no, oh no. No, no, no, no, no. Take it back. Take it back.

But it was too late.

Sophia gently released my foot and climbed up on the bed next to me. She kind of laid down alongside me. She got right up in my face and sort of gently and lovingly stoked my hair.

“Kelly?” she asked.

“Yes, Sophia?” I nervously responded.

She continued calmly stroking my hair. “What’s this about people touching or looking at your feet?”

I was in trouble now.

“I don’t like it,” I said meekly.

She gave me a very sincere look. “Can you tell me more about that?

“When I sense that people are looking at the soles of my feet, it makes me crazy.”

“How so?”

“It just makes me nervous all through my body. I get all tingly. I can’t take it.”

“Why?”

“I don’t know. Maybe because I think I’m about to get tickled? I don’t know. But I get all crazy when people are looking at my feet.”

Still stroking my hair, she said, “Does it turn you on?”

“Maybe. It can. It depends. Not necessarily. It just makes me all weak and quivery inside.”

I have no idea why I thought it was a good idea to spill my guts about this. But the damage was done.

“I see,” she said. “Good talk.” She gave me a little kiss on the forehead. Then she got off the bed and looked at Nick. “I think I know what we’re doing for the next 20 minutes.”

“What’s that?” Nick asked.

“We’re going to sit and stare at Kelly’s bare feet. We’re going to tie her feet to the bed, pull up a couple of chairs, and just sit and stare at them.”

“No, please,” I begged.

She continued. “We’ll just sit and stare. Maybe if the mood strikes us, we’ll just gently glide our fingers over the soles of her feet. Doesn’t that sound fun?”

Nick loved the idea.

“Guys,” I pleaded. Nobody heard.

Before I knew it, my ankles were secured to the footboard once again, with me flat on my belly, ass-up, and Nick and Sophia comfortably seated on a couple of chairs just staring at the bottoms of my feet. I totally felt their eyes on every inch of my feet. I was burning up inside. I mean, just forget that they had an unobscured view of my lady parts and my ass. Irrelevant. They were just focused on making me squirm by focusing every ounce of energy on my feet.

“Nick, don’t you think Kelly has pretty feet?”

“Oh, absolutely.”

“I think we should take a moment and really study them. Get to know them intimately. Maybe we start with her arches.”

So off they went. They just looked and looked, happily discussing every intimate detail of my feet. They talked about how cute my toes were. They chatted about the little lines in my skin when I would flex. The hypothesized about where on my feet I might be most ticklish. It was pure evil, I tell you.

And as if that wasn’t bad enough, then came the touching. The gentle gliding. The teasing. The tickling. I was totally squirming around. Nick must have really been enjoying the view of my writhing ass wriggling in the air in response to the foot teasing. They weren’t even full-out tickling me. They were just touching. Nobody else in the world would have cared. But for me, this was torture. Absolute torture.

I looked at the clock. Thankfully, I only had to endure another ten minutes. Fuck.

-----

Well, not a second too soon, midnight rolled around. It was time for me to be untied. Hooray. So yes, they kept their word and untied me. It was most pleasant. I excused myself to the restroom where I thoroughly enjoyed a long-overdue tinkle. So that was great. Then I emerged from the bathroom, clad in my comfy, terrycloth robe.

Sophia looked at me. “Whoa, whoa, whoa! Who said anything about putting on a robe?”

I said, “But you said at midnight!”

“I said that at midnight we’d untie you. I didn’t say anything about covering up.”

“You mean I need to stay naked until 3:00???”

“That’s exactly what I’m saying.”

The three of us stood there, staring at each other.

Sophia looked at Nick. “Nick, would you be a pal and relieve Kelly of her robe?”

I just stood there, motionless. Come on, man. Naked for another three hours? Really?

Nick was all too happy to literally disrobe me—for the second time tonight. Then he was getting ballsy again. He said, “I think she needs to put her hands on her head again until we decide what to make her do next.”

You are kidding me.

I looked at Sophia, hoping she would put an end to this nonsense.

“Good idea, Nick.” She looked back at me. “Hands on your head, Kelly.”

Shit. Okay. Fine. Hands on my head. So there I was. Then came another round of brainstorming.

Sophia said, “It’s nice to see Kelly’s front again, isn’t it? I mean, after having been tied face-down to the bed for so long.”

Eying my breasts, Nick said, “I’m always happy to see Kelly’s front.”

Sophia sat down on the edge of the bed. “So what to do… what to do…”

Nick offered, “How about she makes us some eggs?”

Sophia countered, “Nah. Not really hungry.”

They thought and thought. Then I saw a lightbulb go off over Sophia’s head. This wasn’t going to be good news.

“How cold is it outside?” she asked. Shit. This really wasn’t going to be good news.

Nick said, “I don’t know. Like 18… 19 degrees?”

Sophia got up and looked out my bedroom window. It was a two-story apartment building with four apartments on each floor. My window overlooked a small courtyard which was accessible from all eight apartments. The first-floor apartments could access the courtyard by sliding door, and the second-floor apartments by staircase.

Sophia wondered out loud, “How deep is the snow?”

Nick said, “I don’t know. Four or five inches, maybe?”

Sophia walked right up to me. “Guess what, Kelly.”

Shit. “What, Sophia?”

“Let’s head down to the courtyard.”

“What???”

“Let’s head down to the courtyard. You’re going to make snow angels!”

“No. Way.”

“Yes way. Need I remind you? Whatever we say until 3:00 am.”

“Okay, but I’m putting on boots.” I had to draw the line somewhere.

“Nope.”

“What if someone else is out there?”

“We’ll be quiet. There’s not going to be anyone else out there.” She looked at her watch. “It’s 12:15 am and 17 degrees. What person in their right mind would be out there?”

“Exactly.”

“So it’s settled.” She turned to Nick. “Bundle up, Nick. Kelly’s making snow angels!”

Nick and Sophia started to put on their boots and outerwear. I wasn’t so sure about this. I wasn’t going to “safe-word” my way out of it, but I wasn’t so sure about it either.

“Hold on a second,” I protested. “This is taking things up a level or two, don’t you think? Potential public nudity? Freezing weather? Making snow angels??? I’m going to need something in return.”

Sophie and Nick looked at me, still standing there stark naked with my hands on my head. (Not the most commanding negotiating position, I realize.)

“I’m not making any promises,” Sophia said, skeptically. “But what did you have in mind?”

“I’ll go out there in the freezing snow and make naked snow angels. Fine. But when we get back in, I get to strip one of you.”

They kind of froze. Neither of them were expecting that! There was quiet for a moment.

Then Sophia said, “Which one?”

I looked back and forth at them. “Not telling. I’ll let you know when we get back from the snow.” I smirked at them. “I’ll let you sweat it out a little.”

They looked at each other and kind of nodded in agreement. They looked back at me. Sophia said, “Deal.”

“Deal,” I replied.

“To the snow!” Sophia shouted.

“To the snow!” answered Nick.

So they marched me to the door. Nick chivalrously opened the door for me, and wow! A blast of artic air hit me like a ton of bricks. The cold. The wind. Seventeen degrees, my ass. It felt like it was negative 50. I (literally) froze. Sophia playfully slapped my butt and said, “Keep moving, Kelly. Down the stairs.”

Good heavens! I stepped my foot onto the landing at the top of the stairs. So fucking cold! Damn!

“Just keep moving, Kelly. It won’t feel so cold if you keep moving.” Reassuring words from the girl who was bundled up in five layers. But I did. I can’t tell you how erect my nipples were. But that was the least of it. It was so damn cold. Fuck!

Down the stairs I went, as fast as I could on the snow without slipping.

Once we were all down in the courtyard, Sophia said, “Alright, Kelly. On your back. Let’s see some snow angels.”

I’ve got to point out that even though it was the middle of the night, it was almost like daylight in that courtyard. There were these motion-sensor floodlights that came on as soon as we descended the steps. That, coupled with the fact that it was a crystal-clear sky and nearly a full moon, there was zero cloak of darkness. Had any of my neighbors decided to look out the window, they would have gotten quite a show.

I plopped down on my butt and leaned back in the snow. I think I was so cold at first that it numbed me so I didn’t even feel anything. They stood over me.

“Flap those wings!”

“Let’s see those legs move!”

I made the best snow angel I could. I wanted to get it over with as quickly as possible. When I was done flailing around, I held out my hands so they could lift me up. (I mean, I didn’t want to put my hands in the snow. That would have ruined the snow angel!)

But when I stood up, that’s when the cold hit me. That damned wind. Wow. I was totally shivering.

Sophia looked at the snow angel. “Nice job, Kelly. Awesome. Now just two more!”

“What???”

“I said snow angels! Plural! You’ve just made one. I want two more.”

I didn’t have time to argue. It was too cold, and I would have lost anyway.

So I ran over to the other side of the courtyard, plopped down, and frantically waved my arms and legs in the snow. Then, without wasting a second, I got up and ran to a third location. I plopped myself down again (my butt must have been bright pink from the cold) and made the third angel. I stood up and ran back to Sophia and Nick.

“Are we good?” I chattered.

Sophia and Nick gave me a thumbs-up. “We’re good! Nice job!”

I ran up those stairs as fast as I could, opened the door and collapsed on the couch. Nick and Sophia weren’t far behind. They brought me a couple of towels to warm me up and then they started to rub my arms and legs with their hands. It felt kind of nice.

The three of us sat on the rug for a minute recovering and laughing, me just saying, “Cold. Cold. Cold. Cold.”

Nick, now getting a look at my body with the towels removed, said, “You are so pink!”

I stared at him. “Yeah. I wonder why that is.”

We sat for another minute while I regained my composure.

Sophia noticed my feet were pink. She slyly offered, “Do you want us to rub your feet for you?”

I stared at her and said, “Good one. Nice. Nice. But no. No, thanks. I appreciate it.”

Another moment of sitting.

And then I said, “Okay. You got your snow angels. Time to pay up.”

It got tense, with Nick and Sophia not knowing who I was going to make get naked.

“I need you to both stand up in front of me.”

They looked at each other nervously, but then they did stand up.

“I have decided which one of you will be getting naked.” I looked back and forth at both of them. It was fun to be calling the shots for a change. “I thought about it long and hard. And I have decided that it will be… Nick!”

There was a great look of relief in Sophia’s eyes. And the look of fear in Nick’s eyes was a real treat!

Sophia sat down on one of the recliners. I went and joined her in the other recliner.

Ah. So now the tables were turned. This was actually kind of a rare moment for me. For the most part, I’d been on the receiving end of being stripped. But to have the chance to do it to someone else? This was going to be fun! I mean, granted, I was still naked. Let’s not forget that. But still… to have just a little bit of payback?

Come to think of it, I don’t know why I hadn’t done it to anyone before. Ah, well, now I think I remember why. It’s because in my relationships, I’ve usually been the shy one. And I guess it’s more fun to strip someone who is shy about their body. You get a better reaction. After all, I don’t know if stripping someone is even about seeing their naked body. I think it’s more about seeing their reaction to being exposed. And I always provided a genuinely bashful and embarrassed kind of reaction. A let-me-try-and-unsuccessfully-cover-my-boobs-and-privates-with-my-hands kind of reaction, which must have been what my boyfriends liked so much about it. And conversely, for the most part, I had dated guys who were not shy about their bodies. They would walk around naked in front of me like it was nothing at all. So where would the fun have been in stripping them anyway?

But Nick was different than those guys. And as willing as he was to do it, he seemed pretty nervous and anxious about taking his clothes off. So I was now starting to understand what my boyfriends had found so exciting about it. Nick was willing, but also scared at the same time.

He obediently followed my instructions. Sweatshirt off. Socks off. Tee-shirt off. Pants off. No issues.

So there he was, wearing nothing but his powder blue briefs with a navy waistband. From what I could tell, he was semi-hard. I thought that was kind of sweet, and maybe even a little arousing. But I didn’t want to let up with my newfound confidence and dominant personae.

“Alright, Nick. If we’re going to turn the tables, we’re going to turn the tables. We’re going to go into the bedroom, and I want you to lie down on the bed, face up, and I’m going to tie your hands to the bed before I take off your shorts. Oh, and believe me, I’m going to do it nice and slow. Just like you did to me.”

“Okay,” he said quietly.

He clearly was pretty nervous about this. I was kind of surprised by the sensation, but I was actually enjoying his nervousness, seeing the look in his eyes, knowing that in just a moment he would be helpless on the bed while I lowered his underwear and took a good long look at him, just as he and Sophia had been doing to me all night. Sophia was smiling about it too. At the same time, however, I was starting to wonder if he really wanted us to do this or not. But I pressed on.

Using the same scarves they had used to restrain me earlier, I bound his wrists and secured the scarves to the opposite ends of the headboard. He did look pretty cute like that. His arms and chest were a little more defined than I would have expected. He really wasn’t bad to look at.

Still naked, I climbed on top of him, my legs straddling his hips. My breasts inches from his face. I kneeled above him, looked him in the eye, and said, “Are you ready to say goodbye to your modesty?” It was odd to be in such a position of power, even while I was the only one naked in the room.

He said, “Yes,” but he was visibly shaking. Not a ton, but kind of shivering a little. At first, I thought maybe he was just cold. But I looked in his eyes and he genuinely looked kind of scared.

I looked at Sophia. “Can you give me and Nick a minute alone?”

She didn’t know what was going on, but she said, “Sure,” and she walked out of the bedroom and closed the door.

I rearranged myself, sitting down on the bed next to Nick. Sort of breaking my dominant character, just coming back to regular, plain-old Kelly for a minute, I said, “Do you not want me to do this?”

He was surprised by my question.

“No, I do. I think I do. I don’t know. I’m just a little nervous about it.”

“Because I won’t if you don’t want me to. We can wait a minute and I’ll call Sophia back in and I can say that I took a look even though I didn’t.”

“No, I do want you to. I really do. But, if we’re being honest, I’m a little scared.”

This was becoming a deeper conversation than I had anticipated. But okay. I decided to keep going. I held his hand gently. (It was a sweet gesture on my part, but also kind of silly, as I was naked and his hand was tied to the bed.)

“Can you tell me what you’re scared of?”

He was quiet for a minute.

“I’m afraid you won’t like what you see.”

Wow! I was floored. Such honesty from a guy. I don’t think I’d ever heard a guy say anything like that to me. They’ve usually been like, “Okay, Kelly. Here’s my dick. Have at it!” But no. This was sweet and kind of refreshing. And frankly, a little surprising coming from Nick. He didn’t really strike me as the sensitive type. And certainly not as someone who was insecure about anything. (Maybe “insecure” isn’t the best word. Maybe “anxious” is a better word than “insecure.”)

“Tell me if this is too personal,” I said, “but have you been naked in front of a girl before?” I had assumed he had. I know he had dated quite a bit. But I guess you never really know unless you ask.

“Well, yeah. I have. Sure. But never like this.”

“You mean all tied up?”

“Well, yeah. That’s new for me.” He playfully pulled at the restraints. “I’ve never done this before.”

“What do you think?”

“I don’t know. It’s different. It seems like it could be fun, I guess. But that’s not what I mean.”

“Okay. So what do you mean, ‘never like this?’”

“I guess I mean that when I’ve been naked with a girl, she’s never really seen me. It’s been with the lights low, or we’ve been under the covers. You know? This is just so ‘out there,’ and you and Sophia would just be looking at me. Like you would be judging me. So yeah. Different.”

“Listen. First, nobody is judging anybody. Second, we totally don’t have to do this. We’re just being silly. We don’t have to at all.”

“No, I want you to. I really do. I’m just nervous.”

“Okay.”

We both let the silence hang there a minute. Then he added, “Just don’t say anything about it.”

I kind of pulled back, surprised. “What do you mean?”

“Like, don’t say that it’s small… or that it’s funny looking.”

I was really taken aback. This was completely new to me. I’d never seen a guy so concerned. The handful of boyfriends I had in college didn’t seem to care what they looked like. And believe me, not all of them were great looking… especially naked. But because of that, I just figured that’s how all guys were. I guess it was kind of shallow of me to have made that generalization. But now, all of a sudden, I was learning that men can actually be concerned about what they look like naked. Maybe I had lived a sheltered life. Maybe I was lacking experience. But in that moment with Nick, it was a major revelation for me.

I looked Nick straight in the eye, and very honestly said, “It would never enter my mind to say anything like that. To be honest, I can’t imagine I would even think anything like that.”

“Well, you’re a little different then, I guess.”

I tried to lighten the mood. “Yeah. Well, that’s me. A little different!” I comically shook my breasts in his face. He laughed and so did I.

“So are we doing this or not?” I asked.

“Yeah, we are.”

“You ready?”

“Yes, I’m ready.”

I stepped back into my character for the evening. “Excellent. Because I am going to embarrass the shit out of you!”

He had stopped shaking and seemed relaxed about it. Then he softly said, “Hey, Kelly?”

“Yes?”

“Just one thing. Can we just have it you and me? Can you ask Sophia to wait outside?”

I nodded. “Sure. Of course.”

I cracked the door open and told Sophia we needed a few more minutes. She said she was just reading and to let her know. Easy enough.

I walked my still-naked body back over to the bed and stood at the side of the bed, leaning over Nick.

“Do you remember how slowly you took my panties off, Nick?” I asked with a little faux-mean twinge in my voice.

“Yes…”

“Well, I’m going to go even slower.”

I climbed on top of his legs, straddling his knees, facing him. I started tracing his waistband with my forefingers. Front to back, back to front. Really teasing the hell out him.

“I’m going to start by hooking my forefingers under your waistband. Just kind of like this…” I hooked my fingers under his waistband.

“But I’m not going to pull them down yet. Oh, no. I’m just going to wait a while. And the longer I wait, the longer the anticipation is going to grow… and grow… and grow. Until you’re not going to be able to take it anymore. You will be begging me to take them off.”

For a full minute (at least), I just took my forefingers, and with them hooked on the inside of his waistband, I ran them the length of the band. Down and up and down and up. Each time, pulling his briefs a little further away from his body, but never down. I would just look into his eyes and grin.

Then I looked down at his shorts. He was starting to get hard.

“You know what I think, Nick?”

“What?” He was totally mesmerized and I was having so much fun! He was putty in my hands.

“I think you find this arousing. I think you like the idea of me looking at you so much that you’re getting hard.”

That really did embarrass him. He got a little red. But I could tell he was okay with it.

“I think it’s time to take just a little peek. So don’t worry. I’m not going to pull your shorts down… yet. But I am going to lift them a little and take just a little sneak peek at the coming attractions.”

I could see his heart beating through his chest. I pulled his waistband up into the air and leaned over for a quick look. “Peek-a-boo,” I said to his penis in kind of a sing-song voice. Then I dropped the band back down.

I looked at Nick. “I just had a little chat with your penis. And you know what it told me?”

“What?” he asked, softly.

“It told me, ‘Kelly, I want to come out into the open so you can look at me.’” I said it in kind of a silly, cartoon penis voice (whatever that sounds like).

Playing along, Nick said, “Well, I guess you better do what it says.”

“I guess I better.”

He was fully hard now. I could see the rigidity of it through his shorts.

I held onto his waistband and started to lower it. First the tip kind of popped out. I said, “Well, hello! What do we have here?”

I lowered them further, bringing his full penis into view.

Even lower, exposing his balls.

And then down his legs, over his feet, and off. I said, “You won’t be needing these anymore!” and I playfully flung his shorts across the room.

Then I sat down next to him and looked in his eyes. “Nick, you know how you’ve been staring at my whole body all night?”

“Yeah?”

“Well it’s time for me to return the favor. I’m going to look at your penis now. I’m going to look at it for a while. You’re going to feel like you’re on fire under the weight of my eyes. But you know what?”

“What?”

“It’s going to feel good. Trust me.”

“Okay, Kelly.”

I slowly turned my head and looked at his penis. I just stared at it. Marveling in it.

He timidly asked, “What do you think?”

Not taking my eyes off it, I said, “You don’t need my approval. You don’t need anybody’s approval. But if you must know, I think it’s beautiful.”

“Is it too small?”

“It’s perfect. Absolutely perfect.”

I meant every word. Then something popped out of my mouth before I even knew what I was saying.

“I want to squeeze it. I want to wrap my hand around it and squeeze it.”

He was surprised, but he said, “Okay.”

You might think this is strange, but I actually really love just squeezing a guy’s dick. It’s an amazing sensation. I don’t care if it’s hard or soft or in-between. I just love the feel of them in my hand. If they’re soft, I kind of squeeze them gently. But if they’re hard, I squeeze with all my might, thoroughly reveling in the warmth and firmness. I love it. Absolutely love it. I remember as early as sixth grade, there was this boy I had a crush on. And I would imagine seeing him naked and squeezing his soft penis. And since then, it’s been a thing for me. And sorry, but while I’m on the topic, something else I love about it is squeezing it while it’s soft and then feeling it grow to a full erection while I’m holding it. Feeling the way it transforms and expands and warms up. Feeling each new pulse of blood as it enlarges. It’s so incredible. And sorry again, but one more thing, which is kind of related but kind of not related. One of my absolute favorite things is putting a guy’s soft penis in my mouth and feeling it get hard inside my mouth. Wow. Just wow. It’s simply miraculous. Like a little piece of heaven.

Okay. Sorry for the tangent. Let’s get back to Nick.

With his permission, I took my right hand and wrapped it around his shaft. It was totally hard and I just squeezed with all my might. It felt so amazing! I just held it and held it. Clearly, he was enjoying it too. He started to kind of squirm around. And the more he squirmed, the stronger I held it. I wasn’t stroking it or anything like that. This wasn’t a hand job. And I wasn’t doing it to tease him. We were just both enjoying this shared moment of warmth and deep pressure.

Then, still squeezing it, I said, “You know what I think?”

“What?”

“I think it’s time to have Sophia come in.”

He looked kind of panicked. “No, I don’t think so.”

“Oh, but I do. I think it’s time for Sophia to come in and look at you. I think it’s just what you need.”

He didn’t say anything at first. Then, after a pause, he said, “Are you sure?”

I smiled warmly and lovingly. “Yes. I’m sure.”

“Okay. Okay. That’s fine. Okay.” I think he was trying to reassure himself.

I grabbed a small hand towel from the bathroom and threw it over his erection. “Let’s just put that there. I want you to have the fun of her removing the towel so she can see it fresh!”

He looked so nervous. But he was okay with it. I could tell.

“You ready?” I asked.

He nodded. “Ready.”

I opened the door and called for Sophia to come in. “Sophia, Nick has something he wants to show you.”

She sauntered in. The only one of the three of us still wearing clothes. It was kind of funny. She saw Nick with his hands tied to the bed and a hand towel over his penis. She kind of covered her eyes and giggled.

I told her, “Nick is excited for you to look at his penis. He told me.”

Sophia slowly walked toward the bed. She stood next to him looking down into his eyes. He just looked right back at her. He was so nervous, but I could tell it was in a good way. And I could see his hard penis twitching under the towel.

She kind of caressed his chest with her finger tips. “Nick? Kelly said you have something you want to show me?” She was eyeing his entire body as she spoke. He couldn’t get any words out. He was truly speechless, as he focused on her eyes looking at him.

“What was it you wanted to show me?” she asked.

Nick didn’t say anything.

I said, “Nick. It’s rude to not respond when you’ve been asked a question. Sophia wants to know what you want to show her. Can you tell her, please?”

Nick summoned some courage and said, “I’m ready for you to look at my body.”

She couldn’t resist the opportunity to toy with him a little. “To look at your body? But I’m already looking at your body. I see your legs and your chest and your arms. Isn’t that it? Or was there something else that you wanted me to look at?”

He was so incredibly nervous. And his penis was still hard as a rock.

“Go on, Nick. Go on,” I said.

Finally he spoke. “I want you to take the towel away and look at me.”

Sophia continued to play her part. “Towel? What towel?” She looked around the room. Then she gazed in the direction of his mid-section and said, “Oh, that towel? You want me to take that towel away?”

Shaking, he said, “Yes. Yes.”

Sophia smiled. “But Nick, if I take that towel away, I would see your penis. Are you sure that’s what you want? You want me to take that towel away and look at your penis? To really study it. To memorize everything about it so I have the image with me every time I see you?” She gripped the edge of the towel with her fingers and tugged it slightly without removing it. He jumped a bit.

He looked at me for encouragement. I smiled, nodded enthusiastically, and gave him a double thumbs up.

“Yes, Sophia. That’s what I want. I want you to look at it.”

Sophia dramatically took a deep breath. “Okay. Just because you asked, Nick, I’ll do it.” Then she started to narrate her every action.

“I think first, I’ll just pull this towel down a tiny bit. Oh my! It looks like you’re hard! Are you hard because you’re excited for me to take a look?”

He nodded a little.

“Well that’s very flattering. I’m just going to pull it a tiny bit more. Oh! Hello! There’s the tip of it popping out. It looks very friendly, Nick. From what I see of it so far.”

I was laughing on the inside (and maybe a little on the outside too). Sophia was playing her part so well. Teasing him terribly, but doing it in such a respectful way. This was exactly what Nick needed.

Sophia continued to pull at the towel, ever so slowly. She started pulling upwards now. “Okay. Now let’s take a good look at your balls. Oh, they’re nice. So tight! Wow. Really nice.” She pulled the towel a little more. He was almost completely exposed. “And there’s your penis. I can almost see the whole thing. Just one more little pull… and there it is. All out for me to study.”

She leaned in. She got like a foot from it. Just taking her time and studying every inch.

Not taking her eyes off of it, she said, “It’s nice, Nick. It’s really nice.”

He was still shaking a little. “You think so?”

“I do. I’m not playing. It’s a good-looking penis.”

He just looked at her face while she looked at it. He looked so peaceful. A little nervous. A little scared. But still peaceful.

I took a step closer to Nick and said, “Can I ask you a question?”

“Of course.”

“Have you ever had someone play with your nipples?”

He was surprised by the question. “I can’t say that I have.”

“Do you mind if I try?”

“I don’t mind at all.”

I started to untie his hands. “I’m untying your hands because when I start playing with your nipples, if you react the same way I do, you might want to touch yourself. So you’ll want to have your hands free for that.”

He just looked at me, but didn’t say anything. He didn’t know what to expect.

I sat down between his legs, with his thighs over mine, and my feet up against the sides of his body. I reached over to my nightstand and put a tiny bit of lube on my fingertips.

Then I looked at him. “You’ll have to let me know what you think.”

And with that, my fingertips descended on his nipples. Just light little circles at first. It was fun watching him react. He squirmed around a little at first, not knowing if he liked it. But after a minute or two, he settled in. Just like Sophia had done to me earlier, I took my fingers and cascaded them across his nipples. It made him kind of twitch a little, in a good way. I just kept going, relentlessly teasing his nipples. He was totally getting into it, letting the sensation fill his body. I was so enjoying watching his face. His eyes closed, just delighting in it.

I could tell he wanted to touch himself. I looked at him and said, “You can go ahead and touch yourself if you want. I won’t mind at all.”

He didn’t move his hands at first. I think he was shy about it.

After another minute or two, seeing that he was still fully hard, I said, “Really, Nick. You can touch it if you want. I absolutely don’t mind. I want you to, if that’s what you want to do.”

With his eyes still closed, he reached his right hand down and held his erection. He didn’t start stroking yet. He was just holding it.

He opened his eyes and looked at me. “You really don’t think it’s too small?”

Still caressing his nipples, I said, “Despite what you might think, I have not seen thousands of them. But I guess I’ve seen my fair share. I’ve seen some that are big and I’ve seen some that are small. I think yours is absolutely perfect. And I’m not just saying that.”

He looked at Sophia for a second opinion. “Sophia?”

“I agree with Kelly. It’s absolutely perfect.”

He didn’t respond. But I think he was okay with what we said. He closed his eyes again.

Then I added, “And I think it wants you to start stroking it.”

So he started. I was very much enjoying watching him touch himself. At one point, I stopped touching his nipples. I didn’t want to get in the way. But he gently took my wrists and brought my hands back to his chest. So I kept going.

He had been stroking for a couple of minutes. As he got closer, he would shift his gaze back and forth. From my eyes… to Sophia’s… and back to mine.

His breathing started getting louder. His face started to contort. And finally, he released. I lifted my fingers off his nipples, not wanting to overstimulate him. It looked like it was a good one. A really good one.

He sank into the bed. I laid down next to him on one side and Sophia laid down next to him on the other side. We just laid there for a while. It was so peaceful. Just three friends who, with the right timing and a little luck, had the opportunity for a most unusual and special evening.

When he recovered from his orgasm, he took a couple of tissues and cleaned himself up. Then he turned his head and looked at me. “Now, Kelly, you still need to do whatever I say until 3:00, right?”

I was a little concerned about this. Did he want more of something? I didn’t know what to expect. But I said, “Yeah, I guess that’s right.”

“Well, I have one more task for you,” he said.

“Okay. What’s that?”

He paused and got kind of a mischievous look. “I want you to help me strip Sophia.”

I smiled.

Sophia said, “What? No way!” And she jumped off the bed and dashed out of the room.

Nick and I immediately chased after her. Both of us naked, his dick flopping between his legs and my breasts bouncing wildly as we pursued her. We ran after her through the kitchen, the bedroom again, the living room. All three of us were laughing and screaming. Finally, we pinned her down on the floor. With me holding her arms, Nick wrestled her jeans and panties off of her. She was struggling, but she was no match for me. “No! No!” she was yelling through her laughter. I tickled her a little to help subdue her. Then he held her tightly around the waist while I relieved her of her top and bra. She was fighting, but not too hard. The three of us laughed and laughed as we rolled around naked on the floor.

Finally, I stood up. “Alright,” I announced. “Get your boots on.”

They looked at me, puzzled.

“We’re making snow angels!”

So we all hurried to put on our boots, and otherwise completely naked, we ran down those stairs to the courtyard as fast as we could. Shivering and laughing, we must have made a hundred snow angels in that courtyard. It was the very best.

Freezing cold, we ran up to the apartment again, dried off and started to get dressed, still laughing hysterically.

Sophia walked over to me, away from Nick, as I was finally putting my shirt back on after almost six hours of being naked.

She looked at me, perhaps a little suspiciously. “Kelly?”

“Yes?”

“Just curious about something. Before tonight, I had never beat you in a game of chess. Not once.”

“Yeah? So?”

“I hate to ask, but did you lose the chess game tonight on purpose?”

I just gave her the biggest hug that a friend could give.

The end.
