Jennifer’s Day
by Oran

It was valentine’s day and Jennifer was in the company of a male companion. They were at the endpoint of the date. The dinner was over, the bottle of champagne was finished, but the sweet smell of her vanilla perfume filled the air of the hotel room.

Lewd sounds from the joining of their bodies, along with intermittent moaning echoed through the room. Her partner laid on top of her, periodically kissing her neck and lips and with every thrust he made into her, Jennifer kept getting more and more lost in the moment.

Beep Beep, Beep Beep…

Jennifer gets up and turns off the alarm on her phone. She wipes her eyes and stretches her neck and back. Her usual sleeping clothes, consisting of a short vest and cotton panties, are on her body. She sits on her bed for two minutes to gain her composure, then she sticks her hand into her panties and touches her vulva. Her skin there was dry. She then pushes her middle finger in-between her labia minora, and she feels her body’s love juice on her vaginal opening.

She gets up, takes off her clothes and heads into the shower. She washes her face first, being careful not to let her coarse african hair get wet. She then lathers the rest of her skin before rinsing off.

She is ready to leave the shower, but she doesn’t want to leave yet. She turns up the hot water in the shower and picks up the hand held shower fixture. She aims the water at the slit between her legs.

“Ohhh”, she moans. After only about a minute, her breathing starts to become deeper and heavier, and her body more sensitive. She leans on the shower wall, as her legs start to get weak. A familiar amazing feeling is approaching her.

Beep Beep Beep, Beep Beep…

Beep Beep Beep, Beep Beep…

The sound of the phone startles her, making her lose focus. The amazing feeling that she wants to have, must now wait. She walks out of the shower without even grabbing a towel and looks at her phone. Meeting at 9:00 AM her phone reads. She takes a glimpse at her living room clock, the time is 8:30 AM. She looks at the shower area in the bathroom, then she watches down on her naked body and ponders for a moment. She sighs, shakes her head, then grabs a towel and dries herself.

While dressing, Jennifer sticks her hand deep into her panties drawer and pulls out a pink cloth bag. She opens it and takes out a small bottle of sanitising liquid and her favourite toy, a medium sized purple rubber vibrator. She puts it into the handbag that she had already chosen to use today, one that matches her dress.

One hour later Jennifer is at her workplace. She places her handbag on her desk and heads straight into the conference room. Four of her co-workers are already there, including her assistant, waiting for her to start the meeting. This meeting goes on for an eternity. Charts are displayed, historical data is shown, suppliers are contacted and decisions are made. All this mental work means that Jennifer’s libido is now considerably decreased.

It is now 11:45 AM, and Jennifer is seated in her chair, inside her office, when she glances at her open handbag. Anyone who walks in could clearly see her vibrator as it was at the top of her packed handbag. She gets up to close the zip.

While stretching to close the zip, she notices her assistant moving strangely. Her assistant is making motions under her desk, like if she is taking off some tight clothes from her waist. Jennifer thinks back as to what she had seen her assistant wearing on her lower body today and remembers that she has on a skirt that her blouse was tucked into.

The young lady outside the office then places a brown paper bag on her desk, next to her work laptop, with the top of the bag folded. Based on her movements, this bag seems like an item she would have placed into her drawers if she had any at that fancy desk. She then gets up and leaves the area, presumably heading out to get lunch. Jennifer gets up and walks to her assistant’s desk. The paper bag had unfolded itself and was opened slightly. Jennifer walks past it, and she sees a pair of blue cotton panties looking down into the bag.

She looks around. She is the only person in the office at present. She casually walks back to her desk and looks at her now closed hand bag for a few seconds thinking. She then places the bag’s strap on her shoulder and leaves the office area.

She goes into the female toilets, and stands in front of the large mirror over the sinks. What the meeting had done to her libido is now getting reversed. She starts thinking of what her assistant is doing at this very moment with no panties on. It had one obvious answer. She takes out her vibrator and turns it on to test it.

BZZZZZZZZZ! It echoes in the enclosed room. Jennifer quickly turns it off. It obviously is too loud for the workplace bathroom area.  It could get mistaken for an electric toothbrush, but she would have to use it in a toilet stall, where you obviously won’t be brushing our teeth. She places it back into her bag and exits the room. She brainstorms as to where she could go to use the vibrator, and not be disturbed. The perfect place comes to her mind… the storage room.

Jennifer walks down the corridor to the storage room. She slowly opens the door and walks inside, closing the door lightly to make sure that no one outside hears her. She sits down on a wood box next to the door.

“Ahh!” Jennifer hears. Curious as to what she had just heard, she walks around a row of clothes that is hanging on a large rack in front of her. She peeks around the clothes and gasps!

She is watching the orange hair of her assistant moving up and down on a long table. She takes a closer look and realises that there was a man lying on the table. Her assistant’s body on his waist, her hands on his chest, balancing her as she moves her body up and down. The young lady breathes heavily in between her moaning, and the sound of aroused male and female genitalia interacting.

Jennifer stares at her with interest, no longer having to imagine what her assistant is doing, but seeing it for herself. The copulating couple still has on all of their clothes, just some slightly opened. Jennifer raises up the bottom of her short dress and starts to rub her vagina’s inner lips over her panties.

She suddenly pulls away her hand from her panties, and tries to leave the room silently. She opens the door as silently as possible, but kicks the wood box by mistake on her way out. She closes the door and heads back to her desk.

Twenty-five minutes later, Jennifer’s assistant enters the office area. What she sees causes her to be flabbergasted. A technician is seated at her desk on her laptop. She almost drops her lunch on the floor. She sprints to her desk, rests down her food there and looks around worriedly in the area for the paper bag. The bag is nowhere to be found, it is gone. Her face starts to turn pale.

The assistant catches sight of Jennifer sitting in her chair, gesturing to her to come into her office. She walks in. Jennifer gets up from her chair, walks to the other side of her desk, and closes the office door. With her next hand she produces the paper bag that was on her assistant’s desk. A feeling of relief overcomes the young lady as she takes the bag. Then as reality sets in, her face turns red and she tries to use one of her hands to cover it as much as possible. She keeps her head bowed and tries not to look at her supervisor in the face. Jennifer shakes her head, then opens her office door and her assistant to leave.

The time was now 1:45 PM and Jennifer and her assistant are in the photo studio room of their company. There were at least a dozen models there, split evenly between males and females. There were also photographers, videographers and make-up artists.

The time moves quickly during this part of the day. Some of the models pose by themselves, while others pose in groups for pictures. Three videos are shot while Jenifer and her assistant look on, monitoring the production and editing.

While reviewing the third video, Jennifer watches the raw footage of a scene with a male and female model on a bed that they had just shot. She raises her right arm into the air, and moves her hand in a circular clockwise motion. Everyone resets themselves to reshoot the last scene. This time Jennifer watches a live feed on the computer.

The scene starts. After just ten seconds of video, Jennifer raises both of her arms and crosses them. The scene stops and everyone involved looks at her. She then spreads apart her arms and points at the two actors in the bed and gestures to them to move, which they do. Following this, she points at a curly haired actor and shows him a beckoning signal. He follows her as she walks towards the bed.

Jennifer scans the room and she notices that she has everyone’s attention. The curly haired actor is in front of her, and they are at the foot of the bed. She grabs onto his tie and tugs him. They both fall onto the bed. She opens her legs and guides the male actor’s right leg in between hers. Still holding onto his tie, she crawls backwards on the bed until, until her head reaches to the bed head.

Her co-actor keeps crawling too, until eventually his lower thigh touches her crotch. She lets out a sweet, sexy moan and starts breathing noticeably heavier. Everyone there is watching attentively. Jennifer closes her eyes and holds the back of the actor’s head, and brings it down on the nape of her neck. His lips touch her, and she lets out another moan, while wrapping her legs around him. He adjusts his body to her legs, which makes him press further on her crotch. She keeps in the moan this time and tries to steady her breathing.

Everyone starts to clap.

Jennifer opens her eyes again. Blood is rushing to her face and her cheeks swollen. Because of her dark skin tone, this is mostly undetectable. She lets go of the actor with both her legs and hands. The bottom of her  dress is raised up to her thighs and the top of her dress has slipped down past her bra. Everyone saw her sexy red lace bra and panties. They properly cover up her nipples and crotch, but they were designed to cater more to fashion than function. She slowly fixes her dress and gets off the bed. She notices her assistant watching her with curious eyes, unlike everyone else, who is amazed with her performance. Jennifer is unfazed by her assistant’s staring at her. She avoids eye contact with her as the last scene is being shot.

Jennifer rests her hand bag on her in front of her desk clock, now reading 6:50 PM. She opens her bag and just stares at the item to the top of it. She hears loud steps in the office area. It is a little girl running. Jennifer gets up and walks to her office door. The girl runs excitedly towards her and hugs Jennifer’s thighs, because she was too short to reach any higher. Jennifer is surprised by this. A man walks up to her following the same path as the girl, but slower, and stops in front of her. He hands her a duffle bag, nods his head, turns and walks back along the path he came from.

Jennifer walks back into her office and sits in her chair. The little girl continues to run in and out of Jennifer’s office, and all around the main office floor. The area is empty of people, except for the little child, Jennifer and her assistant. Jennifer slams her hands on her desk. Her assistant hears that and watches Jennifer behind her desk.

Jennifer puts her hands on her head, like she is frustrated and starts to think deeply while watching her desk clock. The time had changed to 10:05 PM, and she was now watching a similar clock in her bedroom. She was dressed in her underwear, and had just put the little girl to sleep in her bed.

Jennifer got up, and searched her hand bag for her special toy. She then turned off all the lights and headed to her living room’s couch. Laying herself down in a comfortable position on the couch, Jennifer’s hand with the vibrator inched closed to her panties. The vibrator however, never reached there. Jennifer had fallen asleep and her desires couldn’t be fulfilled.

Knock, knock!

Jennifer opens her eyes as she raises her head off her desk. She instinctively wipes her eyes as she glances at her desk clock, now showing 7:08 PM. She then looks at the doorway. Her assistant is standing there with the young girl seated in her hands smiling at her and laughing. Jennifer stares confusingly at her assistant. Her assistant nods her head. Jennifer seems to be more confused.

The assistant sighs, then uses her free hand to point at Jennifer’s bag, without the child noticing. Moving her head slightly to the side, Jennifer glimpses at her open bag, and sees her vibrator at the top of it, then gazes back at her assistant, who winks at her and then smiles. Her face even starts to turn red like earlier today.

Jennifer gets up, grabs her hand bag, and walks past her assistant. She then turns and watches the child looking very joyful in her assistant’s arms. Her assistant then glances at Jennifer’s desk clock then back at Jennifer. Jennifer nods and heads out the door.

