Dads leave, while JJ increases his chance of becoming one himself.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 8 (mfF, anal, bi, creampie, inc, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"So why couldn't you sleep?" JJ asked Marti as she calmed down from her overwhelming orgasm, her body still impaled on his softening penis.

"Umm...I just have trouble sleeping sometimes," she answered noncommittally.

JJ felt something was wrong. He pulled her chin up so they were face to face. "What aren't you telling me?"

Her mind, sloshed and suggestible due to extended exposure to his pheromones, complied. "My stepfather...he comes into my room when I sleep. He...touches me..."

JJ went cold. "He rapes you?"

Marti wouldn't look at him now. "He...one time, a couple months ago he took my virginity. Said it was his right to help me get rid of it. It hurt, and I cried a lot. Now he just...touches my body...cums on me. I hate it, JJ!" She hugged him fiercely. JJ's soft penis chose that moment to finally slip out of her spermy vagina. "Oh!" she exclaimed.

"Have you told your mom?"

She shuddered, crying and holding him tight. "She wouldn't listen. I think maybe he did the same with my big sister, too, but Mom's in denial."

JJ thought for a moment. "When was your mom's last period?"

"Our periods are synced, so a couple weeks ago, just like mine and my sister's." She sat back up and looked at him. "Why are you asking?"

JJ smiled grimly. "I'm coming over tomorrow at 6. Tell them all it's a family meeting."

---

After school, JJ got home to find a note from John:

Hey JJ,

I'm sorry I can't stick around to say goodbye, but I can see my effect on your mother is fading, so I have to go. I want you to know that you remind me of myself at your age, and I think you're going to enjoy life with our gift, as I do.

Things will get tough, too, for the same reason. Looks like your stuff just started to kick in this month, based on what your mother said, and I doubt you want to have sex with her. Or maybe you do...I wouldn't blame you. Same for your sister. If you stick around, they may not give you a choice, and your stepdad won't understand.

I've never tried covering my scent before, but maybe you can find a way to stay at home until you graduate. Tea tree oil, perhaps? Or maybe just a lot of Aqua Velva?

Now, for the last important bit of info: you may get a visit from the feds, looking for me. It seems my antics got noticed over time. Please believe me when I say that I haven't broken any laws! Women just throw themselves at me and sometimes I take advantage, but it's not illegal. I don't know what branch of the government these agents represent, but I'd say it's off the books. Don't let them know you're like me, or they'll "disappear" you too. I barely got away. You should burn this note.

I'll give you a call soon, once I get a phone.

Love,
Dad (John)

JJ wiped his eyes. His dad had only just arrived, and he only got to have one real conversation with him before he had to go again! It made sense, as being in the same room with the guy made them hate each other due to their competing pheromones, but it wasn't fair.

"You okay, JJ?" his mom asked as she saw him.

"Yeah...Dad's gone...I mean John."

She came forward to give him a hug. "I know, sweetie. He told me he has your phone number, though, so he'll call, right?"

JJ nodded and let go. He looked at his mom's eyes and noticed that her pupils were getting a little bigger, but not like the previous night. Her fertile time was indeed drawing to a close, he figured. He was glad of that; he didn't want to be fighting her off.

He tried to remember when Regan had been acting weird around him, asking for a backrub and unhooking her bra. Maybe a couple weeks earlier? He figured that meant that her period would be arriving soon.

Sitting in her room, worried, JJ's sister was hoping for that very thing.

---

"What's your last name?" JJ asked Marti as she let him into her house.

"Everett," she told him. Then the two of them went into the living room, where the rest of her family was waiting. They had risen from their chairs when JJ arrived. "Everyone, this is JJ," Marti introduced him. "JJ, this is my mom, stepdad, and my sister Lina."

JJ gave them all a smile, and was surprised that, other than their age, Lina and her mother looked like Marti, all with curly auburn locks. Then he took another look. While Marti was very slim in her romper, her sister Lina had a more curvy body in a button-up shirt and jeans, and her mother was positively voluptuous in a blouse and knee-length skirt. It was like the story of the three bears, but with body types: too small, too big, and juuuust right. Except that was a terrible analogy, as all three women were sexy in their own way.

He realized he was staring. "Um, pleased to meet you, Mr. and Mrs. Everett, and Lina."

"What the hell is this all about?" That was Mr. Everett. JJ turned to see a tall man with balding salt and pepper hair and a muscular build. He hoped tonight worked out as well as he hoped, or he might take a pounding from this guy.

"Mr. Everett, would you please be so kind as to head to your bedroom and close the door? I need to speak with the ladies of the house for a few minutes, and then we'll call you down." JJ held his breath.

The man scowled. "What? Marti said it's a family meeting and I'm not even invited? Fuck this." He crossed his arms across his broad chest and didn't move.

JJ heard Marti's mom sniff, and saw her sway a little. "Please, Mrs. Everett?" JJ asked, "I'll explain everything."

She blinked. "Oh, it'll just be a few minutes, Bill. Go look at your girlie magazines." She made a shooing motion with her hands toward the staircase.

Bill Everett frowned, but after a moment mounted the stairs, grumbling.

When JJ heard an upstairs door slam, he let out his breath. "Okay, gather close, everyone..."

---

"Bill!"

After he heard his name about 10 minutes later, Bill Everett left the bedroom and headed back downstairs. If this wasn't good, he figured he'd throw this plain-faced punk out the door for wasting his time. When he got back to the main floor, he could feel that the energy of the room had changed somehow. JJ was standing behind his wife and Lina as they sat on the couch next to Marti.

"What's going on?" he asked tentatively.

"You raped me," Marti accused him.

His blood went cold. "I didn't!" He turned to his wife. "I told you before, Robyn, she's lying because she hates me!"

"You also raped me," Lina stated.

"I...Lina, honey, you said you liked it..." he began.

Mrs. Everett rose to her feet. "So it's true?! You fucking asshole!"

He backtracked. "No...I mean..." Then he saw the smug look on JJ's face. "You! You did this!"

JJ's smile fell. "If anyone 'did it,' it's you, Mr. Everett."

The older man stepped toward JJ, but then all three women were there, holding him back.

"No, Bill!" his wife shouted. "You get upstairs, pack your shit, and get out!"

He stepped back and leveled a steely gaze at her. "You can't keep this family together without me."

Mrs. Everett stared him down. "I thought that too, but not anymore. Go."

He went, and a few minutes later brought some suitcases and bags down the stairs. He opened the front door, and as everyone gathered to see him leave, he dropped everything and dashed at JJ. He grabbed the small teenager around the neck and lifted him up. "What the fuck did you do to them?!" he yelled into JJ's face.

Then he collapsed, his arms now busy trying to protect his testicles from the rain of kicks coming from all three of the women surrounding him. "Urghhh..." he cried out, almost barfing. Finally, they managed to kick him all the way back to the front door, where he crawled out. His former stepfamily tossed his suitcases and bags after him, and then closed and locked the door.

"And we'll be changing the locks tomorrow," Mrs. Everett stated, symbolically washing her hands of him.

JJ sat down onto the sofa, hard. His windpipe felt bruised. But it had worked! His dad had been right...he could convince women of things when it was their fertile time of the month!

Marti knelt at his feet. Lina and Mrs. Everett sat on each side of him. Oh, right, he thought, I made a deal.

A few minutes earlier, with Mrs. Everett's and Lina's pupils opening wide from his scent, JJ advised them of what they would have to do, and what they would get in return. He hoped he was up to it.

Marti pulled at JJ's zipper, freeing his hardening cock. "Ooh..." Lina moaned at the sight. Mrs. Everett -- Robyn -- turned JJ's face to hers and kissed him passionately. Marti took JJ's cock into her mouth, making him gasp into her mother's.

After a few minutes, Lina spoke up. "Oh, get out of the way, Marti, and I'll show you how to suck cock." The younger girl moved back, and JJ moaned as the senior high school student pulled his jeans off and started to lick and suck his cock with intensity, finally wrapping her tongue about his shaft as she buried it in her mouth.

"Me first," Robyn said as she stood up and pulled her skirt down, revealing shapely legs clad in nylons and garters. JJ's eyes bulged at the sexy woman's gear as she unhooked the garters, pulled her underwear down and off, and then fastened the garters back up. She pushed her older daughter aside and clambered into JJ's lap, quickly engulfing his incredibly hard cock with her wet pussy. "Oh yesss..." she moaned.

JJ unbuttoned the MILF's blouse and her daughters helped her shrug it off as she started to ride him. A few seconds later, her bra was also off and JJ took a hold of her MILF melons. He had wanted to fondle larger breasts since his mother had--

Nope! he yelled in his head. He wasn't going to think of his mom right then! He pulled Robyn in for a kiss as he squeezed her sizable mammaries, making her moan into his mouth. She increased her movements, and JJ realized that he was going to cum already. He pulled back. "Um...um...we should get a condom...?"

"No...nooo..." Robyn moaned as she pulled his face to her breasts.

JJ figured that suffocation by boobflesh was probably a pretty good way to go, but then his orgasm overcame him. "Unh! Ohh..." he moaned into her tits as he blasted the MILF's fertile insides with his sperm.

"Oh-HHH!" Robyn cried out as her own orgasm blossomed, not-so-coincidentally timed to JJ's ejaculation. Her ripe reproductive system sucked on his cock, pulling some of the teenager's virile seed into her defenseless womb, where both Lina and Marti were conceived years ago.

Robyn fell to the side, still twitching in orgasmic release. A now naked Lina jumped onto JJ's lap next, rubbing the lips of her trimmed pussy along his wet shaft. As she sank down on it, she came hard. "Ohhgghaaa! Howww?" she cried out as she thrust her hips at him hard, and soon his cock was buried all the way inside her.

Oh, right, JJ remembered, his dad said their sperm made women cum, and there had been some left on his cock when Robyn had dismounted. It was now inside Lina's fertile pussy.

She collapsed forward onto him, shaking, her medium sized breasts pressed to his face. Not as overwhelming as her mother's, but very nice. He took one of her nipples into his mouth.

"Ohh..." she moaned, having an orgasmic aftershock.

Despite this sexy creature embedded on his cock, he could feel it wilting. "Err...I think I need a break before we keep going."

"Ohh...but you promised..." Lina whined, sounding much less mature than her 18 years. She tried rolling her hips but it was no use. She pulled off of him.

He checked his watch: 7:00 PM. "We still have time...I just need to get recharged."

"We can help with that!" Marti said as she stepped out of her romper, revealing her almost too-slim form in bra and panties, which also quickly dropped to the floor. Now all three auburn-haired women were naked, the two youngest standing, expectant, with their mother lying next to him on the couch, relaxed and well-fucked. "Lina, you go down on Mom," Marti directed her sister.

Lina looked at her, aghast. "Marti! I will not!"

"But it's to help JJ get a stiffy again! It'll be so hot that it won't take any time at all, right, JJ?" They both looked at him. He nodded, intrigued.

Lina still looked hesitant. "But I've never...with a woman...Mom..."

"Just get in there!" Marti commanded. "It'll feel real good, licking his stuff out of her. Trust me!"

Lina looked at JJ's cum as it played peekaboo from inside her mother's pussy in time with the woman's heavy breathing. Lina licked her lips and then climbed onto the couch on her hands and knees. JJ made room, and then he was staring at Lina's pussy, still wet with some of his leftover cum, as the eldest child shoved her face into her mother's cooch.

"Ohh..." Robyn moaned. "Ohh, Lina..." She ran her fingers through her daughter's hair.

"Umnnn!" Lina moaned in orgasm as she extracted a dollop of JJ's cum from her mother's pussy and swallowed it. As JJ watched, Lina's pussy lips became even more wet, this time with her own juices, as she sucked more of his sperm out of her mother and came again.

Then Marti was kneeling next to him. "JJ, I remember you asking about our periods," she whispered into his ear. "This time of the month, you may have already knocked up my mom, you know."

He knew. He had tried to convince them to go get a condom...

She continued, "You might have knocked me up yesterday, but if not, your spermies are still alive inside me, swimming around, looking for my egg..."

JJ turned to Marti, surprised, and she kissed him passionately. Robyn and Lina continued to moan. Marti broke the kiss and hissed into JJ's ear, "I want you to put a huge, hot load inside my sister, JJ. I want you to knock her up with twins, triplets...hell, make her the new Octomom. I want to watch her stomach get soo big with your babies...fucking do it, JJ..."

"Oh, God..." JJ moaned, and he looked down at his now steel-hard cock. Marti took a hold of it and pulled him forward, nosing the tip between her older sister's welcoming vaginal lips.

Lina felt it, and raised her head. "Ohh, yesss..." she moaned as JJ pushed forward, spearing his dangerous cock into her vulnerable, fertile pussy.

Then Marti was behind him, still whispering in his ear. "Don't you even think about asking for a condom, JJ. Now grab those 18-year-old hips and fuck!"

He did as directed, eliciting gleeful gasps from Lina as he thrust into her hard and fast. Once the eldest daughter got used to the movement, she dipped her tongue back into her mother's pussy. JJ felt Lina's pussy squeezing his cock as she came again.

JJ was happy that he was able to hold out longer the second time. Then he felt something touching his butthole. "Marti?"

"Just gonna help you out a little bit," she replied as she pushed her spit-slicked fingertip into his anus. Then the first knuckle went in.

It felt strange to JJ, but also kind of good! "Um..." He had to slow his thrusts to accommodate her invading digit.

She pulled her finger back a little, and then pressed in further. Soon she had her entire index finger inside him. "Keep fucking her!" she commanded him.

He felt Marti's finger moving, as if looking for something, and then she moved her mouth back to his ear. "Shoot your little spermies as deep inside her as you can, JJ. Give them all the best chance. Oh, I think I found it!"

JJ felt a strange pressure inside his ass, which somehow made a connection to his cock, and then suddenly he was ejaculating, hard! "Oh, fuuuuckk!" he yelled as he thrust all the way inside Lina and held himself there. His sperm burst forth from his cock and spewed powerfully inside the pheromone-addled teen's vulnerable reproductive system, the deluge of seed inundating her cervix. As she felt his sperm once again inside her, except this time in much greater quantities, Lina cried out and came hard. As her cervix spasmed open, some of JJ's seed slipped through, invading her most private of places.

"Ohh, she's gonna look so beautiful pregnant..." Marti moaned into his ear. "We all are, JJ...Gwen too."

JJ remembered Marti's lesbian friend Gwen, who Marti had held down and pushed a lot of JJ's sperm inside her pussy, two fingerfulls at a time, making the Black girl cum continuously. His cock gave a little twitch at the thought, and Lina gasped in another mini-orgasm.

Finally, Marti pulled her finger out of JJ's anus, allowing him to withdraw and for Lina to roll to the side and collapse onto the floor. Robyn, their mother, looked like she had passed out in her corner of the couch from too many orgasms.

JJ looked at Marti's dirty finger. "What did you do?" he asked.

She had a naughty look on her cute face. "Manipulated your prostate. Read about it online."

"Why the hell would you want to read about something like that?" He lay back on the couch, thoroughly exhausted.

"Why wouldn't I?" Marti asked as she went into the kitchen to wash her finger. When she came back, she took a look at the three of them laying there and held out her fingers as if framing a photograph. "I can't take a picture or it'll probably show up in ol' Bill's cloud album. Or maybe I should anyway?"

"No!" JJ yelled.

After some cuddles with Marti, after which it was obvious that his cock was done for the night, JJ went home. Marti gave him a kiss as he left.

She returned to the couch to find her mother still unconscious and her sister not far off. "I didn't get any..." she whined, and pushed two fingers into Lina's cum-filled cunt, making her sister gasp. Marti extracted some of JJ's seed, put one of her legs onto the couch, and pushed those dripping digits into her own hot, wet pussy. She instantly felt one of those amazing orgasms blossom from the seminal contact. "Unhh! Ohh..."

As her orgasm waned, she knelt down and retrieved more. Not as good as when JJ came inside her directly, she thought, but still pretty good. Soon, after multiple orgasms, she collapsed next to her mother, JJ's second-hand sperm soaking into her fertile insides as well.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)