Summary: Emily deals with her boyfriend's sweet tooth and continual dietary indiscretions with... discipline.
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom
Author: Rick_oh
Title: Emily

Story: Emily (F/M)

Emily calmly listened as I told her of my week's dietary 
indiscretions.  I was already totally undressed and she was fully 
clothed.  She stood with a paddle in her hand.  That's how these 
sessions always started.  

"So you had a candy bar from the machine every day this week, and one 
day you had two!  And twice this week you had pie for dessert.  This 
is going to be pretty severe."

Yes, I knew this would be severe.  I was trying hard to lose some 
weight and in general become healthier but was having a very hard 
time avoiding the sweets.  One day Emily suggested the plan of 
encouraging me with discipline sessions.  After I agreed she insisted 
that I promise her that I would tell the absolute truth in my weekly 
"confessions", and I did so.  Emily would have complete freedom to 
choose the method of punishment, and the severity.

Even with my transgressions this week, I had made some improvements.  
It was usually two or three candy bars from the machine every day.  
This was progress.  But not good enough.  Emily mentioned that she 
will give a good paddling if I confessed to any transgressions, and 
each individual indiscretion would merit additional attention.  

"Each individual candy that you got had an effect on you when you ate 
it, and each one will have an effect on you during this session," she 
remarked.

"Okay now, bend over the back of the sofa here.  And don't you dare 
get up until I tell you to, or you'll get extra!"

I looked at Emily's long black hair which was made into a braid that 
went down her back.  I looked with admiration at her black blazer and 
short black skirt, accentuated by the plain white blouse.  Then I 
took the position as she instructed.  I'll tell you, I was nervous.  
Although I was very excited, I knew that her discipline would be 
painful, and I wanted to be able to take it gracefully.

Emily stood to my left, and, placing one hand on my upper back, she 
started the paddling.  Emily never gives warm-up strokes.  From the 
beginning, it's always the real thing.  The strokes were hard and 
brisk, and were timed so that there was a genuine urgency to my 
reactions.

"Owww!   Owww!  Jeez, Emily, not so hard!  Oh!  Stop!" I exclaimed, 
while she dispassionately kept up the paddling, encouraging me to 
stay in position with some pressure from the hand that she placed on 
my back.  After a considerable time, she stopped, told me I could get 
up, and stood calmly for a few moments.

"That was for your indiscretions in general," she said.  "Now we'll 
deal with the individual incidents.  Go get the wooden hairbrush from 
my bedroom."

I gave her a pleading look.  As if she was reading my thoughts, she 
replied, "You made a commitment, remember?  I expect you to follow 
through.  Now, the hairbrush."

While I retrieved the wooden hairbrush from Emily's bedroom, she 
brought a chair from the kitchen table into the living room and was 
seated when I handed it to her.  She slowly pulled her skirt up, and 
then, with her lips pressed tightly together in a look of authority 
and determination, she motioned for me to get across her lap.  When I 
was positioned to her satisfaction, she started to speak.

"Seven candy bars this week, at ten strokes each, is seventy swats.  
Pie for dessert twice, at fifteen strokes per, brings the total up to 
a hundred.  And I just might give you extra to make an impression on 
you.  Now do you want them all at once, or would you like them in 
sets with pauses?" 

Feeling rather awkward laying across her lap, I responded, "With...  
with pauses."

"Good - I'll give them to you all at once," she stated.

"What? ...But you asked me..."

"I know I asked you," she replied.  "But this is punishment, 
remember?  You don't get things the way you want them when you're 
being punished.  I decide how to punish you.  Keep still now, and 
don't interfere.  I'm going to start!"

With that, Emily began the lengthy hairbrush spanking of my already 
paddled bared backside, delivering hard, hot, sharp, strokes in a 
brisk, regular cadence.  During the entire fustigation she lectured 
me.

"I am (smack!) doing this because (smack!) you need to (smack!) learn 
some (smack!) self discipline. (smack!) I intend (smack!) to make 
this (smack!) an unforgettable (smack!) paddling (smack!) for you 
(smack!) in hope that (smack!) you will learn (smack!) some 
self-control. (smack!) You are across (smack!) my lap now (smack!) 
because time (smack!) after time (smack!) you ate what (smack!) you 
shouldn't have. (smack!)  (smack!) (smack!) (smack!) I want you 
(smack!) to remember (smack!) each and every (smack!) candy bar 
(smack!) and piece of (smack!) pie that you (smack!) ate that is the 
(smack!) reason you are (smack!) getting this (smack!) spanking. 
(smack!) (smack!) (smack!) Every week (smack!) that you do (smack!) 
this I'm (smack!) going to (smack!) give you (smack!) a good (smack!) 
hard (smack!) spanking that (smack!) I don't want (smack!) you to 
(smack!) forget. (smack!) (smack!) (smack!) (smack!) You need to 
(smack!) learn your (smack!) lesson and (smack!) I'm going to 
(smack!) do my best (smack!) to see that (smack!) you learn it. 
(smack!) (smack!) (smack!) Before I (smack!) let you up (smack!) I 
want to (smack!) hear you say (smack!) that you will (smack!) try 
(smack!) extra hard (smack!) to stick (smack!) to your plan (smack!) 
for becoming (smack!) healthy (smack!) and losing (smack!) the weight 
(smack!) that you want (smack!) to. (smack!) (smack!) (smack!) 
(smack!) Think of (smack!) each (smack!) and every (smack!) candy bar 
(smack!) that you ate (smack!) and if this (smack!) is worth (smack!) 
the price (smack!) you're paying (smack!) now. (smack!) (smack!) 
(smack!) (smack!)..."

Through it all I was struggling to take what she was dishing out.  I 
could not help pleading with her:

"Ow!  No, please!  Please not-so-hard!  Ggghghhhgr!  Mmmmffff!  Stop, 
Emily!  Just for a minute!  Ow!  Please Emily!  Auuughh!" and so on.

Finally she stopped!  Panting loudly, I took a few moments to calm 
down.  All the while she kept me across her lap, without saying a 
word.

"I want you to tell me that you'll try extra hard to eat right," 
Emily instructed.

I mumbled something to the effect that I would, and she let me up.  
Emily told me to stand in the middle of the living room.  After 
sitting quietly for a couple of minutes, Emily put the hairbrush 
down, stood up, walked in front of me and turned around.

"Undo my hair!" she commanded.  I unraveled her beautiful braid and 
ran my hands through her hair.  She turned around to face me.  I was 
trembling with excitement.

"Now undress me," she said.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
