Later around 7:00, my cell phone rang. Reluctantly, I reached over and grabbed it off the bedside table, Not even caring to look at the caller id, I flipped it open and pressed it up to my ear. "Hello," I breathed out.

"Selena!" Jessica's cheerful voice came on the other end of the phone.

"Jessica!" I fake mocked her.

She immediately sensed my mood and it brought her mood down, too. "Is everything okay?" she asked, trying her best to sound worried.

"No, I answered simply.

"What's wrong?"

I briefly explained everything to her. She didn't say a single word until after I was finished talking. That's what I like the most about her. Unlike most vampires or people for that matter Jessica always listens.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, Selena," she said as sympathetic as possible.

"Thanks, Jess." My mood lightened the slightest bit. "So, what were you calling for?" I asked, sounding somewhat enthusiastic.

She was silent for a second before answering, "Never mind. It's not important."

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah, I'm sure! I'm just going to let you go now. I'm sure you have a lot on your mind to think about right now."

"Yeah, unfortunately I do."

"I'll talk to you later."

"You, too, Jess! Bye!"

"Bye, Sel!"

I smiled at her calling me Sel. No one ever called me that before. It was always just plain old Selena.

Hanging up I place the phone back where I always put it and got out of bed. I refused to be one of those girls who lays in bed all day and night sulking over her guy problems. Or any problems when you come to think of it.

Not even bothering to change out of my pajamas, it was 7:03 in the evening and I wasn't going anywhere, I made my way downstairs. Sookie was in the living room pacing back and forth, occasionally looking peaking past the curtain and outside, with a love sick smile on her face.

I was miserable at the moment and just for fun I decided to mess with her a little, I know it's wrong of me, but there are so many things that she did to me in the past that I owe her back for now in the future.

"What's got you in such a happy mood?" I asked, already knowing the answer, but in order for my payback/fun to work I had to pretend I didn't.

She acknowledged my presence and smiled at me. "Bill's coming to stay over tonight!"

I tried my best to sound annoyed, "Oh god!" In order to add on to my fake act, I rolled my eyes.

She looked at me confused, "I thought you like, Bill?"

"Oh, I do! As long as he makes you happy I'll like him! But, sometimes...wait! Cross that out! Most of the time he makes you...way too happy."

"What do you mean?"

I smirked for the first time in almost 24 hours. Using my best sexy voice I answered, "Oh, Bill! Yes! Yes! Oh...Oh...Ohh! Yes, Bill, yes!"

Sookie's eyes widened. "I do not sound like that!" she exclaimed, defensively.

I chuckled. I totally beg to differ. I honestly wasn't even playing around anymore. It was the god's honest truth. "Unfortunately, cous...I beg to differ with you!"

"I can't believe you listen to us!"

"I do not listen to you two! You're a screamer!"

Sookie's eyes widened even more than they already were. Her face turned beet red and she left the room in complete embarrassment.

"There's nothing to be embarrassed about, Sookie!" I called after her.

--------

About 20 or so minutes later Bill arrived at the house.

"I'll get it!" Sookie exclaimed when she heard the doorbell ring.

"It's for you anyways!" About 30 seconds later I walked into the foyer. "Ew! Gross! Get a room you two!" I exclaimed sarcastically, walking in on them kissing.

They pulled away instantly.

"Good evening, Selena. How are you after this morning?" he asked, caringly.

I shrugged, "Evening to you, too, Bill! As for the answer to your question...I'm a lot of things."

"We're going to go stay at your house tonight," Sookie told Bill with a small smile.

Curiously, he asked, "Why? Is there a problem?"

Sookie was quick to answer, "Oh. no! There's not really a problem!"

As if she thought I couldn't see and hear her she whispered to Bill, "I'll tell you the whole story later." Then she once again spoke out loud. "I've decided that everything that's happened to her lately, Selena deserves a peaceful and quiet night in the house by herself."

I smiled and pulled her into a hug. "Aww! Thank you!" I said, pretending to be extremely happy. "Now you two have fun. But, not too much fun," I continued with my tease from earlier. "If I hear you from all the way over there then we've got a maximum fun problem!"

Sookie turned beet red for the second time tonight. "Selena!" she exclaimed in embarrassment. She grabbed Bill's hand. "We'll be going now! I'll see you tomorrow. Goodnight." They made there way out the door. Sookie exited the house first, pulling Bill effortlessly along behind her. He was letting her for sure. Otherwise, it would've never been possible.

"Goodnight!" I called after them as they got into Bill's car and disappeared down the long driveway. I walked out onto the porch and watched them leave. I had nothing better to do. I was just trying to kill time any way I could.

As I was walking back into the house the feeling of someone watching me overcame me. Unlike the feeling I got when Eric would watch me, this time a really bad, uneasy feeling accompanied the sense of being watched.

I ran into the house clearly spooked. I slammed the door shut behind me and locked it. Then I went and made sure that the back door. It didn't stop there. The windows were next. I went around the whole entire house to make sure that every window was closed and locked. The upstairs windows were included.

After assuring myself that every door and window was locked, I relaxed a bit. In order to distract myself from whatever was bothering me, I put on my favorite horror movie. Yeah, I know! Not exactly the type of movie you'd watch to calm yourself down. But, for some reason this certain horror movie always had a way of calming me down.

I curled up on the couch with a blanket and a pillow. Once I was comfortable I snuggled up to my stuffed teddy bear, yes when I'm scared I resort back to my childhood. There's nothing wrong with that.

About half way through the movie I wound up falling asleep for the first time in 24 hours. Goodness! It felt amazing to finally get even the slightest bit of sleep. If I could sleep for two or three days straight right now I would have totally done so.