This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 16 - Eudora (MF, MFF, anal, bi, caution, cons, inc, magic, oral, f-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Demie didn't come back for a full week. Kate was quite glad for the attention, though I was getting a bit tired of ass fucking. Gets your dick covered in shit, y'know? Had to shower every time.

Demie stood in the apartment entryway as the door closed behind her, arms crossed. She looked at me, still seeming pissed.

Knock knock!

Annoyed at the interruption, she turned and opened the door. She still looked human so she wouldn't freak out...

...the demon on the other side of the door! Another succubus by the look of her, red-haired, with the ubiquitous red skin, horns and tail. She wore a dark evening dress that framed her curvy body, old-style pumps on her feet, and a necklace of dark stones. She also seemed to radiate authority.

"Mother?" That was Demie.

"MOTHER?" That was me.

"Daughter..." the other succubus responded, pushing past her. She didn't look much older than Demie. She looked around my apartment, barely glancing at me, and sniffed, that brief sound oozing disappointment.

Demie had closed the door after making sure that no one else was in the hall. "What the Hell are you doing here?!"

The woman turned back and took hold of Demie's shoulders. "Why, daughter, I've come to see how well you've done for yourself here on Earth. I expected better. And you are?" She had turned to regard me, and I longed for those moments a few seconds ago when she had barely noticed me. Her gaze was intense!

"I'm...Tom," I said with difficulty.

"My master," Demie said as she disengaged and rushed over to me. "Master, may I please speak with you in the other room?"

Master? I let Demie pull me into the bedroom.

For the first time, she seemed...embarrassed?

She looked at me pleadingly. "You have to pretend I'm your slave, okay? If you don't, then she'll figure out the summoning spell went wrong and I'll be sent back to Hell." She then caught my thoughtful look. "Along with your soul, dummy!"

I stopped being thoughtful and nodded.

We stepped back into the living room. Demie's mother had sat down on the couch, but even there, her presence made it seem like she was still standing. "Welcome to Earth!" I said grandly. "Would you like a drink?" At the older demon's nod, I commanded, "Demie, fix your mother a vodka soda."

Demie gave me a squint, unseen by her mother, and then headed to the kitchen. I sat at the other end of the couch and smiled my best smile.

"What may I call you, my lady?"

She watched me appraisingly.  I couldn't tell if that was good or not. "Eudora."

I frowned, momentarily dropping my airs in confusion. "Like the old email program?"

"The what? Oh, this world has changed so much since I was last here. What is email?"

I was about to explain when Demie came back with Eudora's drink. The older demon took a sip and nodded in appreciation.

Demie stood in front of the couch. "*How* are you even here, mother?"

Eudora took a longer gulp and then put the glass down on the coffee table. "Well, since you were already on Earth, I accepted the next summoning when it came."

Demie rounded on me. "You used the book again?!"

I looked at her. "I thought you had the book."

Both of us turned back to Eudora. "Who the fuck has the book?" we yelled.

---

54 days ago...

Detective Aaron Bilson held his nose. Even though hours had gone by since the fire had gone out, the smell of burning flesh was still strong around the remains of the melted tent which had become a makeshift shroud for the homeless immolation victim.

"Aw fuck..." Bilson gagged. He went around the corner of the alley to hurl. As his stomach calmed, he noticed something stuck between two piles of wooden pallets. He reached down and plucked out...an old hardcover book?

He opened the tome. Lots of pages had been torn out, but the pages that remained...

His eyes widened. This...spell?...was why the perp had burned someone alive! He read it more closely. Power could be yours... Power? He liked the sound of that.

---

37 days ago...

Bilson slammed the door as he arrived home. "Fuck!" he yelled. That goddamned lesbo! he thought. Calling me a walking donut. And what the fuck happened to that woman who thought she was a cat? A real cat had come out of the holding cell and he had looked like an idiot!

If only there was a way to get even with Dykeanna Shepherd... There was...he knew there was, but the price...

He went to the hidden cubby behind his furnace where he kept the more interesting things he never checked in to evidence, and pulled out the book. He read the pages again. Draw the circle, say the words, and sacrifice a life to the fire...

He put it away. No, he swore to protect and serve. Still, he wished someone would serve him sometimes.

---

4 days ago...

"Hey, Dykeanna..." Bilson sing-songed as he sauntered into Detective Dianna Shepherd's office.

Shepherd bolted from her desk. "Uh uh...y'know what, Bilson? Not today! Get your fat, bloated carcass out of my office!" Then she grabbed him by his collar, an unnoticed static electrical spark arcing between them, and then she shoved him out into the hallway, hard.

"What the fuck...?" he said as her door slammed in his face.

Bilson tried to keep his mind on his work but he lost energy and interest fast. In the end, he went home early. When he woke up from his nap he pulled the book out of its hiding place again. Yeah, it's time, he thought.

---

Last night...

Seamus Tarley stumbled to his door. Who the fuck was banging on it at...he looked at the clock...2 AM? He opened it to find...

"Bilson?"

"Hey, Seamus, you're comin' with me." Bilson raised one of his arms above his head, and before Seamus could do anything, the butt of the detective's gun came down on Seamus' head, hard.

He woke up strapped to a chair. It was dark. "Ow, fuck!" he spat, his head pounding. Then he smelled it: gasoline. He was dripping with it. "Bilson?"

Detective Aaron Bilson stepped around from behind Seamus, smoking a cigarette.

"You tryin' to scare me, Bilson? We had a deal!"

Bilson knelt in front of Seamus and the restrained man noticed the chalk circle and strange writing around the chair. "What the fuck...?"

Bilson took a drag from his cig. "Yeah, Seamus, we had a deal. I keep wraps on the evidence that you raped that girl so it's only her word against yours, and you keep paying me every month. It was a good deal..."

He stood up. "...but I got a better one." He tossed the red-tipped cigarette and Seamus only had a moment to open his mouth before his entire existence became red hot searing pain. He screamed until he was out of breath, and when he breathed in, the flames rushed down his throat, cutting off his air and, within a few seconds, his life.

Once the rapist stopped moving, a busty feminine form detached itself from the shadows. "How may I serve you, master?" the classically dressed red headed demon asked as she fell to one knee.

---

The demoness had marveled at all the gadgets inside Bilson's car, and how tall the buildings were as they made their way across the city. With her strange behavior and 1920's style clothing and makeup, Bilson figured that she probably hadn't been to Earth in 100 years.

Safely back in his condo, Bilson asked her, "Okay, what now?"

She moved forward and he could smell her perfume, a scent that seemed familiar to him. In fact, her face also seemed familiar, though he couldn't place it. "Anything you want, master," she explained.

"Oh, hell, yeah," he said, grabbing her hips and pulling her to him. He tried to kiss her but she interposed a long-gloved hand.

"Ah ah ah! The kiss of a succubus will kill you, master. That's your one and only warning."

He ogled her boobs as they pushed out her evening dress. "But I can put my mouth on other parts of you, just not yer lips?" At her nod he pulled the top of her dress down, revealing her perfect breasts, and dove in, nibbling and sucking.

"Ah, that's nice, master," she urged half-heartedly, looking around the room. She had heard of television, but the one on the wall was so big and flat compared to the stories. And there was a smaller, foldable TV on his desk? Strange.

Bilson picked her up and tossed her onto the couch. He quickly pulled his clothes off, leaving his sweating, fleshy nakedness for her to see.

Ugh, she thought. Oh, well. Her dress and gloves disappeared, and Bilson jumped on top of her. Soon he was thrusting his little pecker inside her, and not much after that he came, grunting.

He lay upon her, gasping, as she stroked his thinning hair.

"Wonderful..." she lied as she felt him grow smaller inside her, not that his penis had to shrink much. After a few minutes he started to snore.

"Hmp..." she hmped, and then used her shapeshifting ability to slip out from under him. Her clothes reappeared. "You'll be out for a few hours, so I have some time to myself." She found a telephone book and quickly found the name she was looking for. It began with "Tom".

---

Eudora finished her story, "I ate a couple of meals along the way, and eventually managed to find your abode."

I winced. 'Ate a couple of meals' meant two dead people. "How did you know my name?"

She finished her drink. "The moment you made the demonic pact, your name was recorded in the Hell accounting books. You're a liability for us until you die and your soul is collected...in the proper course of your life, naturally." She smiled demurely.

Of course Hell has accountants, I thought. Then we sat there, looking at each other.

"Sooo..." I didn't know what to do now that the story was done.

She got up, moved past Demie, and sat next to me on the couch. "Tom, my master isn't a very good lover. Before I go, I was wondering if you might do me the honor...of doing *me*."

I gulped. Eudora's boobs were larger than Demie's regular form, and her classic 1920's noir dame look was working for me, so my cock was already hard. But she was Demie's mom! I looked past her to Demie, but her daughter was just sitting back and looking amused. She gave me a thumbs-up.

"Lie back," I said, and Eudora did, her head plopping down next to Demie's lap.

She looked up at Demie and then back at me as I dove under the folds of her dress. She was wearing thigh-high nylon stockings with garters and no panties, and I freakin' loved it. I buried my face into her hairy twat.

"Oh!" I heard, and then another, "Oh..." as my tongue delved into her hot pussy and my nose bumped her clit. "Mmm..." she purred.

I then remembered that she had fucked her master a few hours ago, but I didn't taste any semen in her puss. I guess her body had absorbed it? Whatever had happened, I was glad. I moved my tongue to her clit and then started to push my fingers into her pussy.

"Ah-hahh..." she moaned, and her dress disappeared. The stockings and garters remained, though. Love that look!

Demie was naked now, in full demonic red, and playing with herself while she watched me going down on her mom. This was so weird!

Well, not as weird as some of the other things that had happened since Demie had come into my life. This wasn't even in the top 5, really.

Eudora pushed my head away from her pussy. "Get up here and fuck me!" she growled, her eyes glowing and sharp teeth gritted.

I quickly yanked my pants down to free my hard cock, eliciting a sigh from Eudora, and shoved it straight inside her. She was well lubricated so there was little resistance, but once I was all the way in, her pussy tightened up and she was gasping. She was cumming already!

Damn, demon pussy is hot! Like, literally; a much higher temperature than human women...almost painful on my cock, but pleasurable too. I rode out the gorgeous elder succubus' orgasm, and then when she was coming down from it I began to give her long, slow strokes. Her master had just stuck it in and cum quickly, but I wasn't going to make that same mistake.

"Mmm...ohhh..." she moaned, her eyes closed as my member luxuriously caressed her insides. "That's different..."

"Tom's a pretty good lover," Demie offered, and I looked up to see her grinning at me as she shoved three fingers inside her own pussy. I almost came right there, but I really wanted to hold out.

"Enough," Eudora grunted as she pulled away from me and dislodged my cock. She then pushed me back into a sitting position and impaled herself on my cock. "Suck on these..." she commanded, pushing those fantastic melons into my face.

She had small areolae and pointy nipples, and I took one into my mouth, sucking. "Yesss..." she hissed, and started to bounce in my lap.

I felt the couch shift and then a few seconds later Eudora cried out. "What--? Oh doG!" I could see Demie behind her, her hands on her mother's hips, and she was thrusting her pelvis into her mother's behind. Angling myself a bit more, I could see that Demie had grown a cock of her own and had shoved it up her mother's asshole!

"Ohhh...shittt..." Eudora moaned, her tongue lolling out.

"This cock is shaped just like Tom's," Demie said, "He's in your pussy and ass at the same time, Mom."

"Yesss, oh yesss..." Eudora gurgled.

I don't know why I didn't cum right then, feeling Demie's copy of my cock moving through the intervening barrier of flesh, but I held on until I felt Eudora's pussy tighten up again. Her breathing became ragged and her thrusts frantic. Then we fell like dominos:

I cried out, blasting my cum deep inside Eudora's pussy. She gasped and shook in her own orgasm, milking the sperm from me. Demie grunted, thrusting hard into her mother's ass.

Finally, Eudora fell to the side, shaking. Demie's temporary cock shrank down to nothing and then she was fully female again. My cum-covered cock started to deflate, but then Demie leaned forward and took it into her mouth. "Oh fuck..." I moaned. Demie was so good at blowjobs...

"You...are a naughty girl..." Eudora said shakily as she sat up, watching us.

Demie paused the fellatio. "Learned from the best, Mom." Then she engulfed my entire cock with her mouth.

A few minutes later, with Eudora nibbling on my nipples with those sharp teeth, I shot my second load into Demie's mouth.

Eudora's clothes flashed back into existence as she headed toward the door. "Well, thank you for your expertise, Tom. I may be back; actually, count on it." She winked at us as she left.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)