Surfing Old School
by shmeckle

Surfing Old School (Chapter 1)

Kari sat on her board, bobbing up and down, her long dark brunette hair flowing in the offshore wind. She waited for her shot at a wave. She watched her rival, Ashley Sanderson, pop into a crouch on her board and catch the latest wave. Kari couldn’t help noticing her skimpy bikini bottoms, peeking out from under her neoprene shirt, that showed a lot of cheek. Most of the female pro surfers were wearing them now. Her coach recommended them, but Kari refused. Just imagining herself showing that much of her ass made her blush. Her brow furrowed and she absentmindedly tugged on her full-cut bottoms.

They were competing in a surf tournament at Hermosa Beach, CA. Earlier the waves were small, so the surfers’ scores were so far unimpressive. Late in the day the offshore wind picked up and the surfers were impatient to get the bigger waves. Kari was next. She got into position as the wave reached her and managed to catch it just right. As she dropped into the wave, she thought ‘Yeah! I can tell this is going to be the biggest one yet.‘ Her energy building, she knew if she did this right, she’d win this tournament easily.

Back on the beach, her coach, Mona Tahani, shared her excitement. She watched her star pupil get the right wave at the right moment. Over the PA she heard the announcer telling the crowd, “Next up is our favorite goofy-foot, Kari Kaimana. Originally from Hawaii, she’s been surfing since she was five. She and Sanderson are going toe-to-toe for a shot at the WSL Qualifying Series Tour. A win here is a must for both of them.”

Kari was in top form as the large wave started to curl over her. She slipped into it backside and crouched to avoid the crest. Everything seemed to be perfect and she got more excited by the second. The end of the barrel was in sight when she crouched just a little too low. As her butt pushed into the wave, water funneled into her bikini bottoms, making them balloon out like a parachute. Finally, the weight of all the water snapped the right-side tie.

Before she knew it, her bikini bottoms were pulled down to her knees. She panicked and grabbed them to pull them up. She felt an unexpected thrill run through her as the water rushed between her bare ass cheeks and labia and then right over her clit. That one second of inattention cost her; her surfboard’s nose swiveled into the wave. The rest of the board flipped over like a catapult, throwing her into the surf. As she hit she lost her grip on her bottoms.

Back on the beach, the announcer yelled, “Oh! And she’s axed!”. Mona wondered, ‘What the hell went wrong? That should’ve been so easy for her.‘ Mona started toward the surf. A win here would not only have moved her closer to the World Championship Tour, it would’ve attracted sponsors with deep pockets. As it was, they were scraping by from one contest to the next. ‘I’m not sure how we’re going to make it to Hawaii.‘

Kari was able to orient herself and get to shallow water. Her mind was racing — ‘Oh my god! Where are they?‘, as she covered her pussy with her hand. Her face went pale as she stared at the crowd on beach. A vivid image raced through her mind, of her walking through them naked from the waist down.

‘This can’t be happening!‘  She shook the image out of her head and thought, ‘I’ve got to find them!‘ She couldn’t risk going any farther in than waist-deep until she found her bottoms. She grabbed the leash around her left ankle and pulled her board toward her, while the images of her walking bottomless through the beach crowd refused to leave her mind .

She thought, ‘Okay, calm down. The right side broke, so it has to be somewhere around the leash.‘ She pulled it and felt up it until the board was right next to her, but no bikini. She waded a little farther in and flipped the board on its side to shield her. Then she saw it; the leash had tangled in the fins and her bottoms were hooked between them.. She pulled the looped leash and heard a sickening rip. Watching in horror, she saw the bottoms split into pieces and drop into the churning foam.

Her knees instinctively clamped together and, in spite of herself, her nipples started poking forward in her wet nylon T-shirt. ‘Oh God, I AM going to have to walk through the crowd bottomless!‘

She could see Mona walking toward her, a frown on her face. Her coach was usually kind to her, but when it came to surfing or training, she was a real hard-ass. Kari steeled herself, held the board tightly in front of her nakedness, and walked out to meet her.

“Kari, what the hell happened?”

Kari looked panicked and said, “My bikini bottoms got ripped off!”

“Where are they?”

“They got shredded by the fins. They’re gone! What am I going to do?”

 

Mona went around behind her and saw her bare bottom. Kari repeated, “Mona, what are we going to do?” She couldn’t help admiring Kari’s ass, full and round, but still tight and toned from her physical training. ‘It’s a shame she has to keep it covered up. Most women would kill for an ass like that.‘

“Well, let’s get you right to the locker room. I’ll walk behind you and try to keep you covered.”
They started off across the sand. Unfortunately they had to walk past a group of the other surfers congratulating Ashley on her good score. In spite of her coach’s efforts, as they passed by, Ashley could see that Kari was bottomless.

She said, “Hey Kari. I see you took my advice and ditched those old granny panty bottoms you always wear.” The rest of the women laughed. She added, “I would have done it before the tournament, but whatever…” Kari blushed as she and Mona hurried to the lockers, the other women’s laughter echoing behind them.

*****

A few hours later, Kari was sitting in a beach bar, looking out at the surf. She and her roommate, Jessica, were commiserating over a few beers. Jessie and she both studied business in college; it was clear that Kari’s heart and mind were set on surfing, but Jessica excelled in their classes. Now that they were out, she was acting as Kari’s manager and PR person while she was looking for a good job.

“So you came out of the surf bottomless?!”

Kari frowned and said, “Yeah. I had to hold my board in front of me and Mona walked behind me.”

“Wow, how awful.”

“Yeah, and that bitch Ashley had to get a dig in at me. What an awful break.”

After a few sips of beer, she said, “Did you know my Hawaiian ancestors used to surf naked?

“Really?”

“Yeah, when Captain Cook’s sailors first saw surfing it was in Hawaii. They wrote that the Hawaiians riding the waves alongside their ship were the most beautiful people they’d ever seen, and as naked as Adam and Eve.”

Jessica looked at her with a raised eyebrow and said, “Oh yeah?”

Kari continued, “Yes, and then the missionaries came. They banned surfing and forced the Hawaiian women to wear full-length muumuus.”

Jessie said, “Kind of like when the militants in the Middle East take over and force all the women to wear burkas.”

Kari replied, “Yeah. Those damned missionaries found something beautiful and destroyed it.”

 

She took another sip and then joked, “Now if we were all surfing naked, I never would’ve lost.”
The remark caught Jessie off-guard. She was secretly thrilled at the thought of her beautiful friend surfing in the nude. ‘I give anything to see that…‘

As casually as she could, she asked, “Hey, why don’t you? You could say you’re honoring your Hawaiian heritage. Or protesting the treatment of women. Or both…”

Kari blushed, wide-eyed. Just the thought of it made her cross her arm in front of her chest and put her other hand in her lap. ‘Surf naked? I was bottomless for just one wave and freaked out! ‘

Her nipples stiffened and strained against her thin t-shirt, which wasn’t lost on Jessie. She thought, ‘Part of her really is turned on by the idea!‘

 

“Jessie, I was just kidding. You know I can’t do that! I can’t even stand to wear the skimpier suits all the other surfers are wearing now.”

Jessie put down her beer and pointed at Kari. “Now that’s because of those missionaries you were just complaining about. If you really think what they did was wrong, you should go back to the old ways & surf naked.”

Kari blushed even harder and said, “I could never do that. I’d freeze up. Besides, Coach Mona wouldn’t agree to it.”

“Agree to what?”

They looked over and saw Mona approaching, beer in hand. Mona was also half Hawaiian and had been a pro surfer back when there were a lot fewer women in the sport. When she stood next to Kari, you would think they were sisters. They had the same olive complexion, the same long dark brown hair; they were both taller than average, with Kari just an inch more at 5’7″. Their only notable differences were Kari’s slightly fuller breasts and hips, and her hazel eyes, instead of Mona’s brown.

As she sat down, Jessie said cheerily, “Let Kari surf naked. Like her Hawaiian ancestors did.”
Mona’s eyebrows arched, and she said “That sounds like a great idea.” She looked over at Kari. “I’m surprised you would suggest it, though.”

Kari looked shocked and started to protest, but Mona continued, “You know, I’ve thought the same thing — if we wanted to do this sport right, we should do it old-school and surf nude.”

Jessica’s eyes twinkled as she asked, “Do you think the officials would allow it?”

Mona said thoughtfully, “Maybe. Our next competition is in Hawaii. I may be able to convince them to let you, as an homage to your Hawaiian heritage.”

Kari was too shocked to respond, and Jessica excitedly said, “That’s wonderful!”

Kari finally was able to protest, “No! You wouldn’t make me surf naked, would you?”

Mona could see she was alarmed, so she shook her head and smiled. “No, would I do that?”
But in her mind a plan was coming together. She liked to push her students out of their comfort zone; it would always spur the best ones on to keep improving. She knew Kari was so close to joining the top rank of surfers. This might be the nudge she needed. And the extra publicity wouldn’t hurt. She made a mental note to call one of her old surf buddies in Hawaii, and then ordered another round.

 

Their conversation turned to other things, and Kari told herself that they were just teasing her with the threat of surfing naked.

*****

The next week in Hawaii, the Governor was feeling embattled. He had always had to deal with activist groups of one stripe or another. His latest was a group calling themselves Hawai’i First who were demanding the state turn over the island of Kaua’i as a preserve for native Hawaiians. Failing that, they wanted 3 billion dollars for reparations, to protect and promote their native culture. The Governor was indignant. He had some Hawaiian ancestry, way back when; at least that’s what his grandmother told him. How dare they question that?

 

Normally, this would be another little annoying gnat of a problem that he could swat away. Unfortunately, some rich lawyer from California, who had a second home in Hawaii, started working with the group. He offered his services pro-bono. He was a formidable opponent, and even though the Governor knew they would never prevail, the haole could make his life a nightmare in the court of public opinion for years. He needed some way to show he supported Hawaiian culture without caving into their demands. And he needed to make sure everyone would notice.

 

Just then his phone rang. His assistant said, “Someone from the surf tournament committee wants to speak with you, sir.”

*****

That Thursday found Kari, Mona, and Jessie flying from LAX to Honolulu. Mona had been in contact with the surf tournament committee, who informed her that the Governor had taken a special interest in Kari’s idea; he had given them first-class flights and a luxury hotel suite for their stay. All he asked in return was for them to attend a meeting with the press.

 

And so there sat Kari, in first-class, trying desparately to calm her nerves. As she sipped her third glass of wine, she thought, ‘They’re really expecting me to do this. And the Governor thinks it was my idea. ‘ Her hardening nipples and tingling thighs told her that some part of her was excited about it. She took another sip to get the thought out of her mind. ‘To have any chance of getting into the World Tour, I have to compete in the tournament in Hawaii. And without sponsors, we can’t afford to get there on our own. But naked? How the hell am I going to talk them out of it? ‘ Soon the wine sent her nodding off to sleep.

 
Surfing Old School- Honolulu (Chapter 2)

They were met at the airport by a limousine. A chauffeur and a liaison from the Governor’s office greeted the women and loaded their luggage. They made an odd spectacle as they drove through downtown Honolulu with Kari’s board strapped to the top of the limo. Kari hadn’t been back to Hawaii since she was ten. She watched the city sights roll past nostalgically, trying to put out of her mind her upcoming very bare performance that was the reason for her homecoming.

They stopped at their hotel to unload. They walked into the lobby; the front half was two stories high, with wall-mounted waterfall sculptures on either side. The liaison nodded to the desk clerk and led them straight to their suite on the ground floor . The women were in awe of the opulent surroundings, and it was hard to keep them focused. Their suite had a large sprawling central living room with three bedrooms, and had sliding glass doors that opened onto the swimming pools that surrounded the hotel. Jessie whispered to Kari, excited, “Have you ever seen a hotel this fancy?” Eventually, the Governor’s liaison had to herd them out and back into the limo. A few minutes later, the liaison whisked them through the State Capitol building and into the lobby of the Governor’s office.

Another few minutes later, the Governor came out of his office. He was followed by a man in traditional Hawaiian dress, with a large flower and leaf headdress on; he was bare-chested with his lower body wrapped in a long yellow pareu that had images of sea turtles and fish in black. Mona looked closely at the second man, trying to place him.
The Governor introduced himself, turned to his companion, and said, “And this is David–” Mona interrupted him, exclaiming, “David Kamealoha?” He looked pleasantly surprised and they ran to each other and hugged.

He said, “Mona. Mona Tahani.” David looked at the two younger women and said, “Mona and I grew up together on Kaua’i”.

The Governor looked on, secretly pleased. ‘Great, this changes things. If I get on her good side, this pain in the ass might back off.‘

Once they quieted down, the Governor said, “So, Ms. Kaimana, I hear you want to compete in the surf tournament, er, naked?”

Kari blushed and thought, ‘No! I really don’t want to. But the free flight … and the hotel …‘ She paused, knowing the Governor was waiting for an enthusiastic response. ‘I guess I should play along and try to find a way out later…‘

She stuttered out, “Uh, yes, I thought I would, um, like my ancestors…”

Jessie watched her friend falter and thought ‘Sweetheart, you have to do better than that.‘ , so she stepped up.

“Hi, I’m Jessica Morris, Kari’s manager. She told me it was a shame what the European missionaries did to Hawaiian culture. It was so beautiful and natural. She said the Hawaiians who invented surfing did it naked, and that she wanted to honor them by doing the same.”

Kari looked at her, grateful that she stepped in to make her feel less awkward, but still thinking that her friend was helping to push her toward something she didn’t want to do.

The Governor said, “Yes, well, I welcome every opportunity to honor Hawaii and her traditions.”, shooting a quick glance at David. “I’ll support you in any way I can.”

Kari raised an eyebrow and asked, “But isn’t it illegal?”, hoping to get off on a technicality.
The Governor said, “Actually, no. The only anti-nudity law we have says it’s a crime to expose your genitals in order to offend or shock someone. Since you’ll be nude for a legitimate reason, you won’t be breaking the law. And I can do a lot to make sure you won’t be bothered.”

Mona said, “Well, where can I have her practice? I don’t want her first time surfing naked to be at the tournament, and I don’t know of any good surf spots near nude beaches.”

The Governor said, “I’ll have one of my aides make up a special ID for you, with the state seal and my signature. It will let everyone know you’re allowed to be nude on any beach in the state. And if anyone tries to stop you, you can have them call my office.”

He motioned to his assistant, “Have someone from the Documents office take Kari down for her ID.”

A few minutes later, the three women were led down one flight of stairs to the ID room by a young woman. Kari walked behind her in a daze.

‘I don’t know how I’m going to get out of this! It’s like I’m hurtling toward it and powerless to stop it.‘

They stepped into a small room crowded with electronics. Their host motioned to an X in duct tape on the floor and said, “Please stand right there for your picture.” Kari did, and then the aide said, “Oh, the Governor says you’ll need to have your picture taken naked. Since you’ll be naked when you need it.”

Kari blushed and her heart started pounding. She reached for the top button on her blouse, but couldn’t work up the nerve to go farther. ‘They can’t expect me to strip naked here, right?!‘
She crossed her arms over her chest and looked at Mona unsurely.

Mona said, “She’s right. Start stripping.”

The assistant saw she was unsure, so she said, “Well, this will only be from the waist up, so you could leave your skirt on.” Kari’s hopes rose at the chance of a little temporary reprieve from her complete exposure.

Mona shook her head and said, “No, you should strip completely.”

Kari pouted and pleaded, “Why?”

Mona said, scowling, “In a few days, you’re going to be surfing nude. In public. In front of thousands of people. You need to start getting used to the idea NOW.”

Kari nervously began unbuttoning her blouse. She had known she’d be meeting the Governor, so she had dressed more formally than she usually did. She slowly slipped off the blouse. She kicked off her shoes, bent over, and slipped off her thigh-high stockings. Her hands went to her bra, then to her skirt, as she looked at the other women. She finally decided it would be easier if she closed her eyes. Then she unzipped her skirt, pushed it down, and let it drop.

Kari took a deep breath, stepping out of her skirt while her hands went to the hook between the cups of her lacy bra. She could feel her heart pounding and her skin getting flush. As she unhooked it and swept her arms back to let it slip off, she felt like she was flashing her tits to the entire world, even though she was alone with these three women. She thought, ‘It’s hard enough for me undressing in a locker room full of women. But here?! Getting naked in a public building just feels so wrong…‘

If she had opened her eyes, she would have seen all of them looking intently at her. They saw her small areolas, the color of dull copper, shrink and pucker, and her nipples stick farther out. Goosebumps formed on her mocha-colored breasts as they swayed back and forth while the bra slipped off and fell to the floor.

Mona thought wistfully, ‘I remember when mine looked like that.‘ She had kept exercising and eating like she did when she was surfing full-time, so she was still in excellent shape. Still, she thought, ‘Gravity is not kind to tits.‘

Jessie was just looking on and longing to fondle them; she had never told Kari how attracted to her she was. But seeing her so exposed and vulnerable, she couldn’t help herself. She wanted to hold her breasts in her hands, feel how heavy and warm and soft they were. She imagined how her nipples would taste and feel against her tongue…

Meanwhile, the aide was just grateful for a lovely distraction from her regular boring work-day.

Kari hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties and paused. She opened her eyes and looked, pouting, at Mona, as if silently asking, ‘Do I have to?’ Her coach said, “The quicker you strip, the sooner we’ll finish.” She sighed and pulled them down. Jessie gathered up her clothes and the aide had Kari stand back on the X. She said, “Okay now, hands at your sides & look at the camera so I can take your picture.”

Just as she did, the door swung open and the Governor and Mona’s friend stepped inside. Kari gasped when she saw them, her arm quickly covering her tits and her other hand over her pussy, and then the camera flashed.

“Dammit!” the aide yelled. “Stand still! We’ll have to take another one.”

The Governor, eyeing her happily, said, “Oh don’t mind us. I’ll just need to sign your ID and put the seal on it to make it official. Please continue.”

Kari shot a quick glance at Mona for moral support, but saw a stern look in her eyes that said, ‘Just get on with it.‘ The aide said, “Arms at your sides and stand up straight.” Kari forced herself to do it, while a blush spread from her face to her chest and over her whole body. The aide said, “Kari, try to smile.”

She put on her best fake smile as the camera flashed again.

She looked around for her clothes as the Governor and his aide went over to a desk piled high with computers. Kari saw Jessie had her clothes and was about to go grab them, when the Governor motioned to the chair beside him. “Please, have a seat.”

She looked at him, and then at her clothes. She was aching to get into her clothes again, but didn’t feel she could ignore the Governor. Mona saw her indecision and stepped between her and her clothes, and pulled the chair out for her. Kari walked over as calmly as possible and sat down. The feeling of the cool leather against her bare skin made her feel even more naked.

The Governor leaned forward as the aide pushed the printed ID toward him. He signed it and put the state seal on it. The aide took it back and said, “Now we just need to laminate it.”
As she busied herself with the task, the Governor turned to Kari and said, “Now, I’d like to have a short press conference before the start of the tournament. I’d like you to be there to answer questions.”

“Do I have to be…”

“Naked? Oh, yes, of course.”

David said, “I thought for the press conference she could wear traditional Hawaiian clothes.”

Kari thought, ‘Yes! Thank you, David!‘

The Governor shrugged and said, “If you wish.”

“You know, Kari, I’d love it if you could dress that way for your entire stay,” David said, “I can get you a full wardrobe.”

Kari smiled. “Sure, I’d be happy to.”

Finally the aide handed the ID to Kari. It was on a lanyard, and had the photo of Kari from the waist up. Right below, it read “By order of the Governor of Hawaii, the bearer of this ID, Kari Kaimana, has the legal right to be nude on all of Hawaii’s beaches.” It even had a phone number to call with questions. The Governor said, “Please, try it on and see how it looks.” She slipped over her head. It hung right between her tits. The Governor smiled and said, “Perfect.”

Finally he stood and said, “Well, I have other things to attend to. I’ll see you in a few days.” He walked to the door and turned to David. “So, Mr. Kamealoha, can I do anything else for you?”
David answered, “No, I’ll schedule another meeting later in the month. Now I’d like to catch up with Mona here.” In the background, Kari was scrambling into her clothes.

They were all escorted through the Capitol building, with David and Mona walking close together and talking animatedly. When they got back to the limo. Mona told the other two, “David and I are going to go out to dinner to chat. Would you like to join us?”

Kari just wanted to retreat after her latest exposure so she said, “No I just want to get back to the hotel.” Mona and David wandered off on foot while the other two got into the limo.

Back at the hotel, the Governor’s liaison was kind enough to escort them to their suite. Before he left, he said, “Please enjoy your stay. The restaurant & bars, gym, gratuities, everything, is all being taken care of by the Governor.” As the door closed, they looked at each other speechless, amazed at their good luck. They ordered champagne, oysters and lobster from room service.

After they finished the feast and their bottle of champagne, Jessie said, “Did you see that gorgeous series of swimming pools surrounding the hotel? Want to go have a dip before bed?”
Kari, slightly tipsy, said, “Sure — wait, I don’t think I replaced my swimsuit since my, uh, wardrobe malfunction last weekend.”

Jessie said, “Oh, don’t worry. I know your size, so I got you a replacement.” She went to her suitcase as Kari started undressing. Jessie finally said, “Ah, here it is.”, and tossed a small bundle to Kari.

Kari, standing in her underwear, picked it up, confused. “It looks like a bundle of string.”

“It’s a micro-bikini, from this company called Manic Meerkat.”

“How does it go on?”

Jessie grabbed it and said, “I’ll straighten it out while you get those undies off.” Kari watched Jessie as she undressed. When they were both done, she saw the swimsuit spread out on the bed. It looked like three small triangles of white connected with black string.

“Do you actually expect me to wear that?”

Jessie said, “Yes. You don’t have a choice, unless you want to go naked.”

“No, I’ve been naked enough today.”

“Besides, once you’ve worn this a few times, those other skimpy bottoms won’t feel so revealing. Think of it as practice.”

Kari rolled her eyes as she tried it on. The bottom triangle just barely covered her pussy, and the back was only two strings, one that fit very snugly between her butt-cheeks. No matter how she tied it or tugged on it, she couldn’t get it to fully cover her landing strip all the way. “See, Jess, I can’t wear this without flashing my pubes.”

“Oh, I can fix that.,” Jessie said, rummaging around some more in her luggage. She pulled out a razor and some shaving foam. She told Kari, “Take that off and sit on that chair.” After she did, Jessie knelt down between her knees. She told Kari, “Scoot forward and spread your legs wide so I can work.”

Only after Jessie started applying the foam did she think, ‘Wow, I must be drunk. I’m letting my best friend shave my pubes. Weird.‘ The feel of the razor brought her out of her thoughts.

“Don’t take off too much.”

Jessie frowned and said, “You know, most of the other surfers take it all off.”

Kari blushed and said, “Yeah, I know. I just don’t like that. It looks indecent, like you’re trying to show it off.”

“Well, if you do go smooth, you don’t have to worry about hair peeking out of any swimsuit.”

“No, I don’t want to. I have to be naked at the tournament soon. I’ll feel even more exposed if I don’t have some hair down there.”

“Suit yourself.” Jessie said as she finished up.

Kari stood and pulled the suit into place. “Jessie, I can’t wear this in public! It just covers my…vulva.”

“Yeah. It looks sexy.”

“It’s like it’s designed to let me get as naked as possible without getting arrested.”

“Yeah, Manic Meerkat bikinis are famous for that. Try the top on.”

The top was the same — the top covered her areolas, but that was about it. Her entire breasts were exposed on either side and below the white triangles. “You really expect me to wear this outside of this room?”

Jessie looked amazed at her friend’s appearance. She grabbed her by the elbow, and dragged her toward the bathroom, saying “You have to see how sexy you look.”

Kari got a real shock when she saw her reflection in the full-length mirror. She started to blush, seeing just how much of her was bare. Jessie ran to her luggage saying, “Just let me get my suit on.”

While her friend was putting on her swimsuit, Kari turned her back to the mirror and twisted around to check out the suit from behind. She saw she was nearly naked except for a few black strings, but that was not what caught her eye. She looked at the reflection in the mirror, amazed at the incredibly sexy figure she saw. Long legs rising up to a full and beautiful round ass, a sinuous spine and a strong back, curving around to show a full breast in silhouette. For a few seconds, it didn’t register in her mind that it was her. She thought, ‘Wow! That is so beautiful! ‘

Jessie interrupted her reverie, pulling her out of the bathroom, exclaiming, “We are going to go show you off!”

A few minutes later, Jessie and Kari were poolside. As they walked around, looking for a good spot, it was all Kari could to do to keep from covering herself like she had at the ID photo that morning. ‘At least it’s not too busy now that the sun is down.‘ They passed a few groups, and every time the guys would stop and stare wide-eyed at Kari’s body. It got her a few icy stares from their girlfriends and wives, too.

They found two lounge chairs out of the breeze and plopped down. “I can’t believe you talked me into this,” Kari whispered.

Jessie said, “Just think of it as an ‘undress rehearsal’ for your nude debut later.”

A woman next to them got up and started gathering her things to leave. The girls were surprised to see she was topless. When she saw them staring, Jessie asked, “Is it okay to be topless?”
The woman replied with a slight French accent, “Yes, it is.” She looked up and down Kari’s body with an arched eyebrow, then picked up her things and left.

Jessie said with a twinkle in her eye, “You should go topless!”

Kari put her hands on her hips and said defiantly, “I will if you will.”

Jessie blushed and dropped it. She said, “Let’s go for a swim.” and dove into the pool. Kari followed.

Once she was in the water, she relaxed, feeling not so exposed. She swam lazily for a while, enjoying the feeling of the water caressing her nearly nude body. She smiled and thought, ‘I had no idea swimming basically naked would feel so good. It’s like I’m aware of every inch of my body, but nobody’s watching.‘

After soaking for a while, they swam to the shallower end, where there was a series of steps out of the pool. Jessie watched Kari’s bare ass sway back and forth as she went up the steps. At the top, Kari turned and asked Jessie, “Feel like turning in?”

Kari saw Jessie staring at her chest in amazement. “Whoa, Kari, check out your suit! It’s see-through!”

Kari looked down and saw her hard nipples poking forward. The white triangles were so sheer when they were wet that they almost looked like clear plastic. She leaned over and saw the bottom one was the same way: she could clearly see her pubes and pussy.

‘Holy shit! I might as well be naked!‘. One arm covered her breasts and the other hand went to her crotch. She blushed and hurried over to their gear, thinking, ‘God! I wish I could disappear!‘.

The guys they had passed earlier were all staring, enjoying the sight of a beautiful embarrassed woman in a transparent bikini. She saw their girlfriends glaring at her, and then turning to their boyfriends and scowling at them for staring. She grabbed a large towel and wrapped it around her, and then hurried to their suite. ‘I just want this awful day to be over. I don’t know how I’m going to make it through this trip.‘


3