He saw Brian on the ground as if he had fallen into the bushes lining the walkway to the car. 

Dear God… " Jesus!… no! NO! " Michael quietly begged like a child. About a billion medical conditions scrambled through his mind… save one. " Brian! " He kneeled, his thighs brushing up against Brian's back. He wanted to cradle him, hold him close, do something rather than sit here defenseless. He looked down and glanced about Brian's body. He didn't want to move him until he was fully awake again. Which he would be… yes, he would be . A dry sob formed in Michael throat, why in Heaven? Why? " Honey… c'mon… Brian… wha--? " He couldn't see what had happened… why? There wasn't anything around Brian to be suspect. Thank God Brian was breathing, the up-n-down motions of his chest were showing that fact. It… well, it basically looked as if Brian had fainted, because he appeared to be somewhat asleep. 

Jenny? Where was she? She was… as Michael glanced over his shoulder, peripherally, he saw her… standing silently, crying, wringing her hands on the porch. Oh, God… baby… sweetheart. " Sweetie… Jen… c'mere… " He held out his hand. 

"Daddy… I'm sorry… I didn' know…" Jenny grabbed her father's hand like a lifeline. She tucked her whole body into his side, as he stayed knelt on the ground. She simply sobbed in shock.

"Hey… hey… calm down… he's okay. You did fine to come get me. Just… baby, tell me what happened?" Michael held Jenny's face in his hands, making her look into his eyes. To focus, assuage the fear of looking at a still and quiet Brian. He brushed back her dark ringlets.

"… I wuz…" Jenny pointed toward the car. "… we got here... an'… I walk'd there... but Brian stopp'd an' then he…" She squeezed her eyes shut. She put a little palm to her temple. "… he went like this... an' fell..." She didn't dare look yet, so she simply gestured with her head.

"Jen, I need you to do something for me. Look at me." Michael moved Jenny's chin again for her to raise her head. "Go into the house. Bring me -- two…" He held up two fingers. "… two bottled waters, from the fridge. And bring me a towel… one towel… I washed some last night so they should be folded and in piles on the kitchen counter. Got that? Two bottled waters and a towel from the kitchen." He needed to give her busy work to keep her occupied and feeling useful. “Can you do that for me, Jen?”

"Yes, Daddy." Jenny reached up to squeeze her father's hand on her shoulder. "I'm sorry." She bit her top lip to keep back tears and scurried off.

Michael released a huge breath of relief. Dear God… Oh God… Brian had simply fainted, losing consciousness from the bump he had received on his head from the bed frame scrollwork. Once Michael had water, he could wake Brian up with no problem. But for now, he would take a few seconds to deep breathe and find his heart on the ground, probably laying under Brian. Michael wanted to kick him and kiss him at the same time.

A couple of curious neighbors, who had heard Jenny scream and yell for her "Daddy", stood on their porches in curiosity. None curious enough to call an ambulance or the cops.

Michael knew as long as he didn't freak out, no one else would.

"… here, Daddy." Jenny handed her father the towel first, watching him lay it down on his thighs. Next was one bottle, then the second. She tucked a flyaway piece of hair behind her ear. She had found a ponytail scrunchie, discovering she couldn't be active with hair in her face. "… is Brian gonna--?" She put a hand to her mouth.

"Die?" Michael smiled sweetly, then opened the first bottle to dampen the towel. "No, Jen. He'll feel awful, kind of like he wants to die, but no. He's gonna live."

"… can I help?" Guilt pushed Jenny to try to do anything she could for Brian to be okay. Her voice sounded shaky, nervous.

Michael decided that Jenny appeared calmer, somewhat. He didn't know when it happened, but she was okay on the surface, just a bunch of jumbled nerves and fear, underneath. "You can hold his hand. Sit over--" Jenny found herself a spot, taking Brian's limp hand in hers and placing palm to palm. "… yeah, that's good. He'll want to see your face when he opens his eyes."

Jenny wrinkled her brow. "Why?" She cradled her hand, with Brian's, to her corduroy jumper front.

"When he wakes up, he will feel as bad was you do, maybe worse. And he's gonna apologize… a lot." Michael lightly chuckled, then poured the rest of the water over Brian's head and face.

Brian sputtered awake, stunned and a bit disoriented. He felt wet and dirty, learning he was laying curiously on the cold hard cement… and his hand was in Jenny's clasp. "Jen… wha--?"

"… you fell, Brian." Jenny replied, reaching to smooth out his wet hair from his head. She made a face at the bruise growing on his temple. Something told her it wasn't a good thing to touch.

Brian rolled his eyes, earnestly ashamed. "Was I graceful? Or did I lop over like a marionette?" He didn't like the film of tears in Jenny's eyes and the way she tightly held onto his hand. Like he could have been on his deathbed. "Your fath--Mich--" He looked over his shoulder, already feeling the intense warmth at his back. "Oh… hey…" He shrugged his shoulders, like it was his usual morning workout to faint on the way to the car.

"Ask Jen… she saw everything."

"Jenny… no… sweetie…" Brian tried to move, but the world became wobbly and titled. "Whoa!" Michael was able to catch him, settling him back on his chest.

"Here." Michael opened the second water bottle, off to the side. "Drink this. Losing consciousness gives you dry mouth." He handed the bottle down to Brian. "Jen?"

"Yes, Daddy?" Jenny let Brian's hand loose, wiping an entire sleeve under her leaking nose.

Brian had to look away, shutting his eyes. 

"One more favor." Michael held up one finger.

"... 'kay." Jenny mumbled as she stood up, not sure she wanted to leave Brian's side, just yet.

"Go inside the fridge again. I need you to bring Brian something fizzy to drink. Like Ginger Ale… or Sprite… 7-Up…"

"… 'kay." Jenny was about to move, but she bent down to kiss Brian's forehead. "Sorry, Brian." She softly petted his hair again, picking out a piece of wood shaving from the landscaping.

"No… wait… no…" Brian tried to grab for Jenny's hand, but she was too springy and gone. "… shit…"

Michael latched onto Brian's shoulder forcing him backwards to lay on him. "Ssshhh… lean against me."

"Michael, I think she has some idea she almost killed me." Brian kept trying to move, but it was like something was holding him down. “I need to--”

"Quit it! No. Sit still or you'll--"

"Or I'll what--?" Brian attempted to sit upright on his own, his eyes almost rolled back into his head again. He leaned over to his left, proceeding to up-chuck the food he had eaten for breakfast in the bushes.

"… or you'll throw up." Michael heaved a sigh. He glanced down at Brian's forehead, moving the spiked locks to see the bruise forming on the temple. "You hit your head harder than we thought." He stopped speaking, tightening his mouth from overwrought emotions.

"I was fine before."

"You were running on adrenaline, Brian. I should have insisted you stay home today."

“I can't.”Brian sat back against Michael's chest, drinking water and taking the offered moist towel. "Even though it's a light day, we still have contracts to work on and clients' wishes to fulfill. I--my work is never done, even when I want it to be."

"You want to do all this while being brain damaged?" Michael knew it sounded stupid, but Brian sometimes had no common sense about his own health.

"Michael--" Brian wasn't offended, but there was a point of not being too dramatic about this. He just fainted. Simple.

"No. I'm taking you to the Emergency Room. A quick check up to see if you're okay and then… maybe… I'll allow you to go into your office and work. For a few--a few… like four hours." He held down "four" fingers for Brian to clearly read.

"So… what? You're going to cancel all those interviews you had set up, close the store… for me?"

"If it helps to make sure you stay alive or upright all day… healthy and conscious… shit yeah! I'm the Boss. I can do what I want, when I want!"

"Yes, Bossman!" Brian had to laugh. He couldn't see Michael's face, but he knew it must be on fire.

"Sorry… I used my indoor yelling voice inappropriately."

"It's okay." Brian sang sweetly, pushing back against Michael. “It was buffered with love.”

Michael snaked his arms about Brian, from behind. "You fuckin' scared me." He muttered near Brian's ear. He kissed the non-injured temple. "Don't ever do that again."

Brian took his empty hand to sooth Michael's forearm over his belly. "Thought you'd lost me?"

"Yeah… 'bout a million-n-one things went through my mind. I even looked for a sniper's gunshot wound."

"Well… Christ! That's not encouraging."

"Daddy…" Jenny returned, slowly walking up beside her father on the sidewalk. She was carrying a glass filled with ice and some fizzy soda. In her other hand was a half empty can of the same soda, but a bendy straw poking out of the open spout. "… is this okay for Brian?” She had brought the “fizzy stuff” two kind of ways, unsure how Brian would want to drink. “... you drink brown bottle stuff wit' no glass, but… sumtimes you have iced tea, like Daddy, an' there's a straw... then othur times you like ice… so here…" She held out both items for Brian to have.

And in that moment of thoughtfulness, Brian knew exactly what Michael had meant about waiting patiently for love and happiness to come to him… finally.

"Jenny… have you ever wanted to visit a hospital's emergency room?" Brian decided he would suffer the tedious consequences for Jenny's sake and to save himself from Michael's wrath.

What we won't do for love, huh? 

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Brian was grudgingly laying on the ER bed, one railing side down. They were going to put both up because of his recent fainting tendencies, but he gave Michael a look that told him… let's compromise… and he had gotten his way. Laying on his left side, he was pushed against the railing, his arm folded and drawn up under his head. He was looking across at Jenny, who was seated at his bedside in a chair.

Jenny looked smaller, a little fear still in her eyes. She was trying to soak in her first experience in a hospital. Hands folded properly in her lap and her legs crossed at the ankle. They had drawn the privacy curtain around Brian's ER cubicle. They could only see feet shuffling about.

Brian was dressed in a hospital gown, naked upper torso, but he had resigned to keep his trousers on. He darted his eyes over toward Jenny, wishing she could look at him without wanting to tear up. "Were you scared?"

Jenny's head quickly glanced up, her shoulders shrugging. "… yes, when you fell... but then Daddy came an' say by you... he knew what to do, how to help…" She sighed shutting her eyes and shaking her head, the memory so clear in her head. Her emotions in her throat, the fear and the intense pain in her heart. "… nope... but 'm worr'd 'bout you...”

Briann settled further into the pillow, he made enough room for Jenny to climb up. "I, uh…" He hadn't apologized to her, because he was trying to formulate the best response to make her feel better. He doubted he could, but he would damn well try. 

"… no… don'..." Jenny slid down, got off the chair and walked to the bed edge. She stood next to the frame, making sure she wouldn't get in trouble for wanting to crawl next to Brian. "… do you—can I--?" Her fingers barely skimmed the hospital bed sheets.

Brian smirked, coming closer to hold out his hands. "I'll tell The Doc the best cure for me is Lady Jenny. I'm the patient, I rule my care." He found a force of strength in him to pull her up. His arms were accidentally open wide and Jenny simply crawled within the circle. Her ear purposefully resting on Brian's heart, hearing its strong beat. He dipped his head, pressing a kiss to the top of her soft plait of hair. God… she felt right being in his arms -- a sudden sense of love, loving. He knew he didn't have to say a thing to make it right with Jenny. She had found a way to make it right for herself. "And…" He spoke through her hair, settling to rest his cheek on the raven locks. "… now I'm fine."

Jenny tucked her body into herself, snuggling into Brian. "… you goin' to work?" She felt the tears surface, but she liked their talking more.

"Nah…" Brian began to comb through the dark hair, fanning it out on his body. Every so often, he twirled a piece around his fingers, making poor excuses for curls. "… I'm thinking of taking some good advice given to me and using a 'sick day'."

"Neato." Jenny smiled against Brian's chest, she began to think of what they could do together. "… we can watch cartoons an'… Nick-lo-deon Jr.… I like the shows… or we can read… play games…" She knew Brian wouldn't agree to her Barbie-s or her dolls, so she hushed about them.

Brian wasn't keen on any of those, but suffering through them was his way of making up for things he couldn't say. Just being able to see Jenny smile or laugh, he would put himself through worser tortures. "Are the cartoons educational?" He could go for South Park or Ren & Stimpy. He would even watch Animaniacs or Pinky & The Brain. But if she made him watch something… toddler-oriented… he would pretend to faint again and go sleep in his bedroom upstairs. Yes… he was a wuss.

"… w'a's that?"

"Hey… what about Sesame Street? I haven't watched that in a month of forevers."

Jenny lifted her head, looking at Brian's face. Her eyes huge. Brian knew… Sesame Street? "Big Bird? Bert & Ernie? Oscar, The Grouch? Baby Bear? Elmo?"

Brian had nodded his head, until the last two puppet characters. "Of course. It's been around since I was your age, an' even before that."

"Really? I watched it when I was younger."

Younger? What the--? "Lady Jenny, may I remind you… you're only four." 

Jenny sat on the mattress, still within Brian's arms. "In two months, I'll be five." She said it proudly, as if it were thirty-five.

"… oooo… soooo old." Brian teased, feeling the tiny elbow jut into his gut. "Ufff…"

"… imma be oldur than I wuz..."

"Jenny, savor the age you are, no matter what. When you become old like me, you'll regret the losses." Brian rubbed the back of one finger down Jenny's flushed cheek.

"Old? Older than five?" Jenny was curious to know how old Brian was, he acted younger than he made himself sound.

"Much… much older." Brian saw a hand come between the part in the curtains, Michael slipping through backward to pull the section closed. "… Mich--" His voice caught at the look on Michael's face, the paleness… the shock… the, uh… dread? What had--? "We wondered where you got off to." He tried to make light of his own worry. The way Michael appeared surely couldn't be concerning his medical condition. There was nothing wrong with him, he was fine. He felt fine, besides the big lump on his forehead and the funny sensations in his stomach. The dizziness had lifted, but he was a little shaken when walking upright. As long as he had someone next to him to hang onto, he was fine.

"I was nowhere." Michael didn't mean to sound cryptic, but this really wasn't the place he wanted to discuss his news -- shocking, jaw-dropping news. He wished he could tell Brian his appearance wasn't because of the news the Doctor told him. He was fine; Brian was as healthy as he had been before arriving. "Did the doctor come in to talk to you, yet?"

"No. Just me an' Jenny… the last forty minutes or so." Brian joked, trying to make the scene lighter. He hadn't been bored, he was bewildered by how long Michael had been gone, wishing he would come back soon.

"Oh…" Michael then realized he stayed away too long. "Well, maybe he was waiting for me to come back, so he could--"

Come back? Where in the hell had Michael gone? 

"Mr. Novotny…" The tall, elder salt-n-pepper haired doctor strolled through the curtains. "… the nurse told me you'd returned. So… okay…" He seated himself on a rolling stool. He patted his thighs, having set Brian's medical records and some x-rays on the bed.

Michael looked behind him and rolled over the bed table for the doctor to use as a desk.

"Hey… thanks." The doctor pushed up his glasses on his nose. "… here are the Pros…" Taking the x-ray negative films -- a head series: including head X-ray and head MRI. He rolled over to a plastic box on the wall, reaching up to turn on a halogen backlight. "X-rays are fine. Both. No severe bone fracture shown and no internal cerebral damage." The doctor lifted up his eyes to see the little girl slip closer into Brian's clutch. "I, uh… saw..." He rolled over to pick up Brian's stack of charts they had collected. He opened the top one up first. "… from your old charts that you had testicular cancer. Your growth was removed – found to be benign. And you received some fairly intense, radical chemotherapy and radiation treatments." He then looked up to see Mr. Novotny slink up to stand behind Brian on the bed. A small hand coming out to lay on Brian's arm on the railing. The doctor waited for Brian to reply, but he saw so much more than he heard.

"Yes, but…" Brian got a little uncomfortable. Michael had never been around for his initial treatments for his cancer. This was new for him. Damn, this was not the way he wanted Michael introduced to his medical health. "… I had a 99% chance of recovery. And, so far, I've been in remission state. Well, since the ending of those series of treatments and then a follow up biopsy, just recently." He had never had anyone in the room with him during his cancer scare. This would be as new to him too.

"I know… and your chart clearly shows that. Look, I don't need to tell you how rough those treatments are, because you went through them and survived. But my point is this -- being a prior cancer patient puts you in a constant high risk category no matter how long ago the cancer struck. You have to realize… remember those drugs, they were not a walk in the park. What they do and did to your body. Especially your bones and joints. They were severely weakened. Not only had they seeped out every ounce of your energy, they stamped your mobility's future as being iffy. That would depend on how well you took care of yourself. The residual effects can sometimes last only weeks, months… Some even years following the treatments ending."

Brian sighed, leaning his head back on the pillow. Damn… He closed his eyes, feeling Michael's other hand come up to brush back his hair. He looked over at him and gave a bittersweet smile. They were both understanding the news, good and bad. Brian would, literally, have to slow down.

The doctor could see the little girl's intense gaze on him. Brian must take her to the playground often, so he knew how to ease everyones' fears a tiny bit. "So, Brian…" His patient raised his head back up. "… no swings or jungle gyms for you."

Brian raised his eyebrow. "That's not a Con?"

The doctor chuckled. Brian had a good disposition, despite hating the very sight and idea of hospitals. And he didn't seem to have much thought to doctors, but he respected their talents. "No Cons. Other than a lumpy forehead in a day or two. You don't seem too vain of a man…" He didn't catch Brian and Michael's little snickers under their breathes. "… there will be a dark red bruise first, followed by our traditional black and blue hues. Then our nasty, yucky greenish-yellow blend and shortly thereafter it will dissipate. The 'knot', as we medical professionals call it, will be filling with blood and/or puss. Which hopefully disappears on its own. If not, you'll come back here and have a cut-n-drip."

"Excuse me?!"

"Sorry… ER/Trauma lingo…" Using his hands and the tip of his pen, the doctor demonstrated on his own forehead. "We'll slice a cut on the skin of the knot and drain it. Best example… it's like a big pimple popping."

"Yuck." Jenny made a sour face.

Brian and Michael chuckled at Jenny's show of disgust. Yeah… it hadn't sounded appealing to them, either.

"You can't do that now?" Brian didn't want to whine, because he didn't feel like returning anytime soon.

The doctor quickly got up, walking toward Brian. He was tall enough to reach over and be able to touch Brian's temple, without Jenny being in his way. She still moved, a little. "Right now… the blood is beginning to work its way in." He lifted the butterfly bandage off to peek, then show Mr. Novotny. "See… kind of spider web-looking and severely red. Those are the blood vessels coming to the surface." He shifted, putting his hands in his labcoat pockets. "By tonight, it should start to darken, then tomorrow… Brian, you'll have a nice, shiny boo-boo."

"That's it?" Brian wasn't spooked, minimally overwhelmed. He watched the doctor sit back on the rolling stool. He was reopening Brian's newer ER chart, scribbling things.

"I have your discharge instructions here." The doctor tore off a color-coded copy for his patient. He then took out his pen and wrote lower on the paper. "I'll give you my beeper number, for emergencies." He clarified while looking over the entire paper again. "Pretty much what I discussed with you already, but I will add… no work for the rest of the week. Take these days, and even the weekend, to rest… relax. See how you feel on Monday."

Brian opened his mouth to disagree, but Michael tightened his hand on his arm.

"Let him finish, Brian."

Brian tightened his lips, allowing the doctor to proceed.

The doctor understood why Brian was frustrated. So he thought he would make a good enough plea. "What worried me the most was the delay in your dizziness and the fainting spell. It should have hit you once you woke up this morning or immediately after you hit your head. But, there are some medical oddities I can't define, so I leave that up for you to figure out. I know you don't want to come back here… nor do I or Mr. Novotny." He stood to hand over the DC instructions to Mr. Novotny's hand. "We're sending you home with some extra bandages and pain medications. You may develop a headache, but it's not a guarantee. It's a small supply of both, so only use them if you really need to. The nurse will have those bags for you when you're ready to leave."

"Thanks, Doctor." Michael responded as he held out a thankful hand toward the distinguished medical professional. He folded the discharge paper, stuffing it in his pocket to peruse later.

"Thank you, Mr. Novotny." The doctor was passing by the bottom of the bed, and all he did was lay a cold, yet gentle fatherly hand on Brian's leg. He shook it quickly. "Take care, Brian."

"Yeah, thanks…" Brian waited until the doctor was entirely gone. "… thanks a lot." He then swiveled to glance over at Michael. "You hear that? Three days… no work? Does he know who I am? Does he think I just magically pull money out of my ass?"

Michael had both hands around the top railing, he was ready to talk about something else. What had truly been on his mind when he first came into the ER cubicle. "Brian… hush up. Focus."

"Focus? On what? Losing clients? Possibly… losing my business?"

"Well, you're only human and I've never truly seen you take a vacation. 'Sides, what could go wrong if you leave Ted and Cynthia in charge? I'm sure they've gotten capable of knowing more about clients and their contracts than you do."

Brian turned onto his back fully, staring wide-eyed at Michael. "What is that supposed to mean?"

Michael snickered, shaking his head. Brian's ego was so fragile when it came to his business sense. "I don't know, but stop complaining. The problem is being fixed as we speak." He reached into his jacket pocket, pulling out his cell phone. "I already put in a call to Cynthia. Anyway…" He was pushing some random buttons. "… Brian, I need you to concentrate on something else."

Brian was happy for the change of subject. Anything to get his mind off where he was and having to skip work for three days. "What? What is it? You've been preoccupied since you came back."

"You'll understand why… once you hear this…" Michael tossed over his cell phone, watching Brian pick it up.

"Michael, what--?" Brian listened to the automated woman's voice saying to enter a voice mail code. "The code." Michael told him the numbers and he pressed the asterisks button. He could barely hear the voice. By plugging one ear, he discovered he recognized it as Melanie's, coupled with a lot of sobbing. "Whoa! What the hell did she say?" Two words stuck in his head, but he didn't believe them.

Michael came around the other side of the bed, climbing up to sit with Jenny and Brian on the mattress. "Wait until the end, you'll get a prompt to repeat the message."

Brian did exactly that, able to focus clearly on Melanie's words. "Oh… my…" He looked as if he was deflating air. "I, uh… when--?" He understood now why Michael looked so flabbergasted and bewildered.

"She must have called late last night. I finished up some laundry, before I came up to bed… and put my phone in the charger downstairs. I never heard it ring."

Brian fiddled with the phone, wishing to play the message again… just to be sure everything was true. "Did she seem coherent to you? I mean… beyond all the teary, blubbered words."

Michael shrugged, unable to believe how Fate could have turned on a dime for him. "I don't really know. I'd like to think so. That's probably why she was crying. Finally getting a clear head and all."

"This--" Brian turned his head to look directly at Michael. "This is--"

"… too good to be true?" Michael smiled, lopsided. He really didn't know how to react. Good news and bad at the same time.

"Like a miracle." Brian glanced down at the back of Jenny's head, realizing what this meant. "It's exactly what you--what we've wanted." His hand came up to brush through the long hair. Weird that his skin tingled now from the silky sensations.

Jenny was… Jenny would soon be… 

Michael sidled closer to Brian's legs, leaning slightly on their strength. He looked at Jenny who innocently smiled up at her father. Michael couldn't even say the words. His hand slid up Brian's leg and reached out for a reassuring touch. Brian quietly obliged, squeezing the fingers.

By the end of the week, Melanie will have sent legal papers to Michael's lawyers office, giving him full custody of their daughter. His parental rights reinstated.

Jenny would be his… as she was always meant to be.

Michael leaned on Brian, hanging on for dear life… in case he decided to faint too.

Jenny crinkled her brow slightly, seeing a change in her father's features. His eyes danced with wetness. "You okay, Daddy."

"Yes, baby… never better."

"… see…" Jenny reached over to pat her father's thigh. "… Brian's all better... thanks to you." She nodded once in silent agreement with her own words. She sat between her father and Brian… content.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Both Ted and Cynthia had completely understood about Brian needing to be away from the office for the rest of the week. They were earnestly concerned about their Boss, but not willing to constantly be on a "fainting watch" or possibly catching Brian doing further injury to himself. Not that they couldn't handle it, if it happened, but just nice to not have the worry at all.

Brian was slouched on the couch, dead center, staring ahead of him into the fireplace. "Should I be hurt… or worried… or relieved that my troops feel better prepared without me to deal with our clients?"

Michael chuckled, he was scooting in between the kitchen and the living room, putting things away. Cleaning up the mess from breakfast, packaging the food to reheat later on. "Brian, it's not a reflection of your work ethic. In fact, you specifically chose these two people to work closely at your side. They knew one day would come where they had to be you when you can't."

"No one can be me, but me." Brian muttered, wishing he had enough energy to want to sit correctly, but he was oddly comfortable, crooked and sloppy on the cushions.

"Thank God for that!" Michael teased, waiting for the moment Brian would stand and try the stairs. He wasn't willing to allow Brian to chance gravity that much… maybe later… when it was time for bed. "Feel like something for lunch?" He easily offered. The plates were still on the table for a meal of some kind.

Brian did something -- he furrowed his brow. "Is it really that late?"

“Almost noon.” Michael glanced at his watch. "I'm feeding Jenny. I could make you--"

"I'm actually not that hungry. Something about seeing my digested 'breakfast' on the ground. Kind of quells hunger for awhile." Brian found if he shifted a little… he gained momentum to sink deeper into the cushions.

"Oh, yeah… what do you want to do about tonight?" Michael had his cell phone in his hand. He came out to the living room, standing near the end of the couch.

"Huh?" Had Brian missed a piece of conversation?

“Your potential client. If you know the number, I can call and cancel the reservation.”Michael was leaning on the edge of the couch, anticipating a phone number. He found that if he was still, his hands actually shook. What was wrong? Was it nerves? Over what?

"Michael… c'mere…" Brian was seated upright, patting the empty section of cushion beside him.

"I have to--" Michael made a weak gesture with his phone and hand, toward the kitchen, where all the food was to make lunch. "Jen--she's--"

"Jenny's outside, Michael. Preoccupied with her toys like every kid usually is." Brian didn't like the look to Michael's features, like a deer caught in headlights. "C'mere… I need you to do something for me."

Michael tentatively walked closer, knowing what Brian might do. "I don't need you to coddle--" He moved quickly, caught between Brian's large knees and the coffee table. He was stuck, looking for an outlet. Brian had trapped him, right and good. "Look, I'm fine." He choked on a swallow. Only because now that the shock of knowing Jenny was finally going to be his daughter, for real, he could now refocus on what had scared him before leaving for the hospital.

Brian -- still and not moving. Jenny's scream and her tears. The sheer fear of what he might have lost had things gone differently. Always wondering… why me? But he could clearly see Brian smiling and looking utterly gorgeous and… alive… living, breathing… wanting to touch… being. Michael wasn't sure he hadn't fallen more in love with Brian in this one second simply knowing he existed, right in front of him. Here to see another day. He only knew something in his mind had switched, one thought for a new one.

Brian shook his head, seeing the telltale light shaking of Michael's hands as he clutched the phone to his chest. He was frightened of something, possibly something from earlier this morning. "No… you're not. If you don't come here, I'll have to get up from my very relaxed position… and make you." He wasn't sounding forceful or commanding; his voice was actually soft, like a whisper. He knew exactly what Michael needed from him. If only he would move… dammit…

Brian motioned for Michael to take his outstretched hand. When he reluctantly did, Michael was brought down. He lay crossways on Brian's chest, half on and half off the couch. It worked for them. It looked awkward and uncomfortable, but it was often their way to simply lay on one another, even if it didn't look right. If they wanted, they could easily slide down to the cushions and lay spooned, Michael's back flush with Brian's chest. Only now, Brian was sitting straight, clutching Michael to his deeply breathing chest.

Michael had a stranglehold of Brian's forearm across his upper torso. He could feel the face tucked, lips hibernating in his neck, warm breath flowing down his naked skin under his shirt. His initial fear of seeing Brian on the ground… sputtering him into talking. For the first time about his fear of long ago. "I stumbled upon Vic, much like you. So still… not moving…"

"Jesus… Michael…" Were apologies worth much in this scenario? Brian shut his eyes, feeling the empathetic pain and heartache of entering the room where someone you loved had just died… and you didn't know. The constant suffering of always willing to be the survivor of a loved one's death. Vic… Ben and then Hunter, but surprisingly Michael almost skipped out on his own best friend's uncertain outcome. Brian held that as his most regretful action. Michael had never known, never got to "be there" for someone he loved.

"Don't." Michael soothed a hand along Brian's naked forearm, feeling the light hairs under his palm. He needed to feel Life under him. Needed the touch of someone who loved him. It was the only way he knew he could speak. "You carry no fault here. Nor do I. I seem to attract Death. Death likes me. Likes to see me suffer and fumble, falter. Death's so unforgiving." He wasn't sure he could do this, but he was going to try. "But I fight it back, knowing I'll cope." He began to dry sob, memories flooding him of the very day. "Only regrets now." He bowed his head, the real tears falling unchecked.

Brian knew what was coming next. He tried to prepare himself, but felt Michael needed him more.

"Vic was in his chair, like he'd been watching TV for hours. He was cold… so cold. Like ice. I touched him… I thought--I thought he was just asleep, but the second we connected, I was chilled. Ice through my veins. I didn't know what to do or say, but I knew. He was gone. Just gone. Nothing. No more. I was too late. One minute earlier… would he have been alive?" Michael shook his head at what he had suffered for everyone. Keeping silent while trying to remain strong. Of wanting to crumble under the stress, needing the warmth of a friendly pair of arms. Not to talk, but just to let him be… sad. "Did I say anything to upset him? Had I said enough of how I felt, so he knew how much I loved him... wherever he was going? He left me and I didn't get to say goodbye." He leaned back on Brian, trying to control the wetness on his face. He wanted to scream, but this time he felt content to simply whisper the truth toward Brian. Only for him, so he would understand. "But then… can we ever say enough 'g'byes' to make the feelings last a lifetime? Just so the memories never fade away?"

“I'm so glad you told me.” Brian secured both his arms around Michael, as he sunk them down to lay on their sides, spooning. "I knew there was something else besides--" Michael rolled to face Brian in his arms. His hands snaking up the folds of the shirt to touch flesh. Brian didn't know if he could find his next breath. Feeling those small hands on him, seeing Michael so enchanting, smiling yet with tears on his face. So deeply puzzling, yet captivated by his charm. "… uh, Melanie's call." Hazel eyes darted to-n-fro collecting images along the way. The back of his hand caressed down Michael's flushed cheek. "I can't promise I won't unexpectedly die on you. Don't make me…" Brian was positively caught by how intense Michael's stare was, but not on his face alone. Like he was trying to remember right in the moment. As if he would easily forget what Brian looked like.

Michael didn't lift his eyes. He touched Brian's mouth, tenderly, watching the lips move… speaking so much of what was felt in the steadily beating heart under him. He thought he heard his name. "I know. I'm not expecting you to promise me the impossible. That's asking too much of anyone."

"If I could…" Brian kissed the grouping of fingers, tracing his lips down the inside of the wrist, letting the hand rest on his face. "… know that I would do anything I could to live forever. If only for you."

Michael shook his head, fingers lost in the satiny tangle of Brian's hair. "You shouldn't say that."

"Why?" Brian quirked up one eyebrow.

"Because that's what I wanted to say for you."

Foreheads fell… meshing, like always. The energy… the jolt… the connection building and churning between both men. The love… genuine love… powerful love… intense and painful. Making the other breathe differently, knowing how much of a long empty road to their future they had together, but still feeling as if every second had to count, turning minutes into elongated hours.

Wanting… Needing… Existing together.

"Stop crying." Brian grabbed Michael's face in one hand as he was the first to lift his head, breaking the connection. Never letting his eyes move from Michael's. "Jenny will get worried. She's had enough scares for today."

Michael wanted to savor every inch of Brian, images imprinted to make sure he could recall the intricate looks to the adored face before him. Never forget… always there. "I never knew. I didn't know that in one second of seeing you on the ground that I could lose you that quickly. I knew in my head, but seeing, with my own eyes. It just knocked me down. I wanted--" Michael felt the tears grow again, wanting to be closer to Brian, even in their clothes.

Brian hugged Michael to his body, finally allowing him to bury his face. Giving him the justification to hide. "Ssshhh… ssshhh…" He felt the sobs on his chest, knew they would be the end of him. "Oh, Mikey… you fuckin' break my heart…" He rubbed and soothed Michael with his hand on his back, not knowing what to do to make it all better. He felt his own eyes pooling, never knowing tears fell. "I'm alive… touch me… feel me." He knew Michael could take good instructions, so the nimble hands search for skin. "No cancer. Just a knock on the head that might do me some good." He pulled back, caught up in having an emotionally wrought Michael in his arms. He couldn't help but want kiss it better. "We're fine." The first time he knew he was crying… he tasted his tears on Michael's lips. Felt the soft hands tenderly scrape his face, pushing and pulling, wanting more. Needing to know… for real… that Brian was here. "I've got you…" His hands surrounded Michael's face, holding it precious in his grip. "… you're in my arms for good. You're already in my soul… my heart… my body…" He dipped again to take a simple taste of Michael's lips. "Christ… you're my fuckin' next breath… you're everything to me… and so much more…"

Michael put out a hand to fully cover Brian's mouth, making him stop speaking. He replaced fingers with his own lips. He was resigned now to ask out of sheer fear of wanting to know. Was this how Brian had felt? As his mouth found distance, he asked, "Marry me?" He didn't allow Brian to answer quickly, his lips were back… searching for his heart's fulfillment. "Before… after… during Ted's wedding… in, whenever, that…" He pointed behind his head, where the shelf carried the Terracotta planter. "… stupid-ass fugly plant sprouts, I don't know, buddin' fuckin' blood red roses… you are weddin' me… right and proper." He nodded his head in his own agreement. "I can't lose you…" His lips came down for another taste, but Brian wouldn't allow it.

Brian wasn't angry. He was in thoughtful contemplation, but he was a little shocked. Hadn't they already broached this subject earlier? "I didn't hit my head to make you feel sorry for me. I'm not marrying you because you can't bear to see me die."

"No… I don't mean that…" Michael touched Brian's face, gently caressing.

"Well, then… what do you mean?" Brian raised an inquisitive eyebrow. "Does the question matter more from you than from me?"

"No, please, Brian. That's not--don't be upset. God--" Michael shut his eyes in silent frustration. He thought he felt Brian try to get up, but he had read it wrong. "No… don't… don't let me go…" He buried his head in shame, pulling Brian closer. Was this how he made Brian feel… for simply asking… wanting to know? "Stop me from talking. I'm scared. I'm babbling. Don't listen to me." As he shook his head, he felt the hand clamp his jaw, bringing his face up with lips connecting, softly. Michael sighed, resting against Brian's chest. "I love you… you're alive… I love you… you're safe… that's gotta be enough… yeah, I think so…"

"Michael…" Brian whispered against Michael's mouth.

"Hmm?" Michael opened his eyes, seeing hazel eyes grow darker.

"You are so adorable when you ramble incoherently."

"Hold me. I'll shut up."

"Mikey…" Brian sang out sweetly, almost playful. He traced his index finger over Michael's face.

"Brian…"

"I figured it out."

Michael heard the pride in Brian's voice. He looked into his face. “What?”

"This…" Brian made a gesture to show the situation they were in, not to mention the position. "I think we've come to a weird compromising conclusion." He saw the wonder on Michael's face. "We're at a neutral point. This relationship is never going to be enough… for either of us."

What was Brian trying to say? "But it's what we want ." 

"Exactly. But we keep discovering there's so much more buried underneath."

"So when do we know when it will be enough and there isn't any more?"

"I guess… when the time is right. But we seem to want the same outcome." Brian wasn't going to say it. It seemed a sore subject for them both.

Marriage… seemed to be something they had both thought about and wanted with one another, but there was something in their way. 

"And when will we know the time is right?"

"Later." Brian made a motion to show way, way into the future. "We have to be patient enough to know when the time is right." He saw Michael's worry on his face. He could say something, but not mention the exact wording. "Michael, it's in us both. To make the offer of our hands to the other, but we keep missing the beat."

"But we're okay?"

"Yeah." Brian kissed Michael to make him feel better. "We're stronger than we've ever been."

"We can't be on the same page because the other person feels it's the wrong time?" Michael was slowly realizing what Brian was saying and it made sense.

"Yeah."

"We suck."

Brian chuckled deeply, hugging Michael. He fixed them on the couch. "Nobody's perfect." He was now holding Michael on top of his chest. One of his favorite ways to sleep with Michael, wanting the gentle weight on his body.

"Oh, well… you are sometimes."

"Why, thank you." Brian got an elbow to his gut. "Ow." He made a sound with his mouth, like letting out a gulp of air. "Ego deflating."

Michael didn't move, laying like water over Brian, surrounding him with every one of his body parts. "I'd enjoy being here with you like this, but Jenny will get hungry soon and I have to feed her."

"Are you really prepared for this house to grow?" Brian combed back Michael's spikes. “You'll have two kids to feed soon.”

"You mean the addition of Gus to our lives?"

Brian nodded, kissing the top of Michael's head. “You do know this isn't permanent?” He moved his legs slightly, trapping Michael's between his.

"Yeah, but… even for however long he's here, we still have a lot to accomplish."

"And that was 'code' for?" Brian snickered, feeling Michael join in his laughter.

"Fixing the damage that's been done. Making sure Gus knows we love him… we want him here… and, above all else, he's worth all the trouble we're going through."

Brian grabbed Michael's biceps, lifting him upward and then along his body so their faces were inches apart. "I say the words almost secretly in our bed, but if I could ever tell you I love you more than that second… it would be now." Michael pecked Brian's lips, smiling on the skin. Brian crossed his arms down Michael's back, holding him captive. "Means a lot that you're willing to open your home to my son."

Michael hovered over Brian's face, his hands on the couch arm above Brian's head. "Wherever I am will always be a home for you and Gus. I'd like to think of him as ours, you know… if it all works out for us in the end."

"We should talk with Jenny soon."

"Bedtime?"

"If we told her about her own situation now, we could probably use tonight at the restaurant as a semi-celebration."

Michael nodded his head. "And save the news about Gus until bedtime?"

"If you want."

"I think it's a great idea." Michael lifted one hand from the couch armrest, to tenderly touch Brian's face, simply fascinated. 

Brian felt trapped, bound and gagged by Michael's gaze. "Yeah… glad you thought of it."

"Brian?"

"Yeah?"

"You can let me go now. I'm okay."

"Oh… sorry…" Brian had forgotten he had bodily caught Michael. He loosened each of his muscles and bones, becoming limp and flexible under Michael.

Michael had only moved his legs onto the floor, his chest and arms were still on Brian's body. "Don't apologize for that." He dipped his head to kiss a spot on Brian's neck. "I know exactly how you feel." He whispered his last words near the available earlobe, distracting Brian with a bite.

"Ow…" Brian pouted to see Michael totally remove himself. "I'll just… lay here… and look good enough to eat." He attempted to put on a "sexy look" for Michael.

Michael busted out laughing on his way back into the kitchen to start making a meal for he and Jenny. "You… crack me up… so… so funny. I think I'll keep you."

Brian watched Michael leave, a little saddened to lose his presence, even though it was only in the next room over. He could close his eyes and listen to Michael as he puttered about the kitchen. He covered his face with both hands. Forgetting about his bruised temple. "Ow… fuck…" He flipped to his side, curling his body to find a comfortable position. His eyes looked up at the ugly-ass plant, realizing something peculiar. He lifted his head, looking at the plotted plant dead-on straight.

On the floor, lay an overturned photograph frame. Glass shards littering the hardwood floor. Had that happened early this morning or when they were gone from the house?

Brian looked back to Michael, who was still in the kitchen, opening the backdoor to take out some garbage. Brian kept in a crouched position, staying low to the ground. What he wanted to do was pick up the glass so Jenny wouldn't step in it. As he drew closer, the sheer curtain moved and -- if he hadn't hit his head and fainted today -- Brian would have thought he saw the shelving unit shift. The plant was… uh, literally growing before his eyes.

Kind of like Audrey II in "Little Shop Of Horrors".

Brian even heard a creaking sound, like someone trying to fit in a smaller size of jeans. Before the plant could eat him… (well, that's what Audrey II did to grow further)… he swept up the glass pieces with the back of the photo that had fallen out of the frame. He found some bowl to place the glass shards in, laying the photo on top. He picked the frame up, righting it to face him. He tried to catch the bigger glass that fell out, but wasn't expecting a metal scroll key to fall into his hand.

A key? What? 

Brian then glanced at the photo he had sat off in the distance… and paled.

Vic had his arm around somebody. A strange man. But the picture was faded, from another time period. It looked to have been taken on board a ship or caught in a severe windstorm. Vic could clearly been seen, for his light blond mop of hair. He was facing the camera. But the second man… his hair was blowing in disarray over his face. His back was to the camera, but he had turned his head at just the right moment to have the side of his face caught in frame. The pair of them together were striking, light and dark contrasting.

Why would Michael have had this particular picture in his home with Ben? 

Brian glanced over at the frame again and hadn't realized a second picture having fallen at the exact same time. Two photos in one frame? The one that had been on top was one of Michael's school class pictures. Looking pathetically dorky, but so fuckin' cute at the same time. Brian rubbed a finger over Michael's young teen face, recalling this being the one vision that had helped him fall in love, originally. He pocketed both pictures and the key, meaning to find out some peculiar secrets that seemed to have been hidden.

What did this mean? 

Brian heard the backdoor reopen, Michael coming back inside. He quickly hopped back onto the couch, hoping he lay in the same position as Michael left him. But he added his usual flourish of a dramatic arm over his eyes. Just for the right effect. Pretty soon Brian felt the tender care of a light blanket being placed over him… the kiss on his cheek and the scrape of a warm hand on his face… a finger curious to make sure he wasn't bleeding from his bedroom "war wound". He wanted to open his eyes, glancing up at Michael, if only to see love shining back at him or simply just to see his smile… but he was more exhausted than he realized.

Michael would wake Brian in a half hour, making sure he hadn't passed out, only slumbering his pain away. He sat for a bit longer, watching sleep overcome Brian… lost in thought… Brian and him, their relationship… the addition of Jenny to the house… soon Gus joining them… and two occurrences where they both were ready for something pretty big… it wasn't that it would be overwhelming. Michael knew they could do it. Make the marriage work like they were making this relationship work. What he wasn't sure of was if he was enough for Brian? Would it be too much at some point? Would he one day wake up and find an empty space next to him in bed… no explanation to why… just dead air?

No matter how often Brian did or said things to reassure Michael, his fear was there. See the rule was… everybody leaves Michael Novotny at some point and he's supposed to move on, be a better person. He will allow that person to leave, because he thinks they will be better for it. Somehow he had been destroying their life, not the other way around. And when they leave, he should be reassured because there's something better around the next corner. 

Or there was always Brian to fall back on, as his best friend, to make it all better. 

But for once in his life, Michael knew… beyond a shadow of doubt… he would do everything in his power to keep Brian. Even if it meant letting go of everything he believed he wanted for himself. Now though, if Brian left… he didn't have his best friend to fall back on, because he was in love with his best friend…

So… what does he do? Michael was afraid to find out, so he would rather not make it happen at all. 

What he didn't know was that Brian felt the exact same way: same fears, same wants. And Brian would take the same measures to keep Michael happy. Even forgoing his bullshit bravado over gay marriage and "straight people values". He would marry his best friend without looking back with regrets, because Michael was the only man he had ever considered building a life with. The only person he would ever love completely. He was, also, pretty certain he was never enough for Michael… and one day he would wake up and get tired of Brian's crap… and he would be gone. No reason, just vanished into air. And Brian would be destroyed.

But for once in his life, Brian knew… beyond a shadow of doubt… he would do everything in his power to keep Michael. Even if it meant destroying every shameless, selfish idea he ever had of being alone. Now though, if Michael left… he didn't have a best friend to fall back on, because he was deeply in love with his best friend.

And that was just not the kind of shit he wanted to deal with, while coping with a broken heart. 

So they both clung, telling themselves they were both staying, only to allow the other the chance to leave. A silent battle neither man knew they were fighting and winning at the same time. The more time they were together, the stronger their love became, until they both felt like bursting from the pressure.

It might take them awhile to figure it all out, because well… it took them this long to get here, so why rush things?

~~TBC...