Jade Gets Caught
by zetacon4©


Her name fits well. Her bright greenish eyes flash as she grins mischievously. 
They contrast beautifully with her long, blondishly red hair that, when down, 
extends to her mid-back. Most of the time, you will see it tied up tight in 
lovely braids. My favorite style is a high ponytail tied with a ribbon and bow.

Exhibitionists love to expose any and all parts of themselves just to see what 
people will do. And Jade is among the best of them. She knows how to target an 
unsuspecting audience and bring the full impact of her beauty and sensuality 
into play to tease and excite them. Without voyeurs, exhibitionists would have 
no fun. And that's where I come in. 

I have been living next to Jade now several months. I first learned of her 
desire to show off herself to others the day I moved in. I had just finished 
unpacking and putting my stuff away. Needing a break, I looked out my bedroom 
window, curious about what and who was next door. Lucky me! Her bedroom window 
faced mine. I noticed a young girl looking to be 20. Her very shear window 
curtains were mostly closed, leaving a small opening where they did not quite 
meet. She was sitting on the side of her bed and playing with her breasts and 
tickling her pussy. Her eyes were closed and she tossed her head back and forth 
every so often, flipping a luscious mane of red hair. 

I quickly jumped over to my desk and grabbed my video camera that I kept loaded 
with fresh tape. Focusing on her and zooming in, I was able to get premium 
footage of her enjoying herself. I could hardly hold the camera still as she 
clenched her legs together and bit her lips, crying out lightly as she came. My 
cock was pressing on my pants so hard, I needed to free up one of my hands to 
adjust the situation. Let me give you a closer view.

Jade fits the typical Irish lass image. Bright red hear, green eyes, high plump 
cheeks and cute button nose. She really doesn't need lipstick. Her lips are full 
and very colorful. They were very red at this point from the biting she had 
inflicted. As it was still early spring, her skin was creamy alabaster with tiny 
freckles twinkling here and there.

Jade could easily model for a living if she chose to. Her breasts are full, 
D-cups and slightly upturned. I was very excited to see her dark areolas were at 
least one and a half inches in diameter, topped with nicely protruding very pink 
nipples. She seemed to keep them long and hard by constantly pinching and 
playing with them.

After cumming so nicely, she lay back on the bed and continued to rub her pussy 
for about five minutes. As you can imagine, by now my erection was throbbing. 
But I just couldn't put the camera down to relieve my ache. The site of her wet 
pussy with her fingers going in and out and rubbing all over it just drove me 
nuts. The artist in me made putting the camera down an impossibility. My buddies 
would thank me later for my sacrifice.

The pussy play ended and she got up to get dressed. Rummaging in her closet, she 
decided on a cute little springy number that barely contained her cute boobs. It 
was sort of tight and her sweet ass cheeks pressed tightly against the fabric, 
showing off her curves and crack. I don't think she could actually bend over in 
it without busting the seams. The hem came to mid-thigh height. Her delicate 
feet loved the black sandals with straps and small gold buckles. The toes were 
polished a lovely shade of maroon. She soon left to go out, and I didn't see her 
until later.

That was day one.

After putting the camera back on the desk, I took my very needful matters into 
hand and shot a good long cum just remembering the vision of her playing with 
her sweet wet pussy. The next several days seemed to just fly by. Every 
afternoon, about four, she would strip naked, go take a shower, come sit on her 
bed and masturbate to some very nice orgasms. I don't know if she knew I was 
videotaping her or not. She never seemed to notice that small opening in the 
curtains. I yet had to learn of her fetish for getting off where she knew others 
might see her.

One afternoon, things changed. As was my habit by now, I looked over at Jades' 
window. She had a visitor, a girl perhaps just a bit older than she. The girl's 
dark brown hair was medium-length and wavy. Her eyes were dark and her 
expression seemed to say she wouldn't take any guff from anyone.

In her excitement to entertain her friend, Jade hadn't even bothered with 
closing the curtains. I now had a great view of them, as they sucked each 
others' tongues hungrily. Their boobs were mashed into each other's chests and 
fingers ran through each others' hair making a shambles of it. They soon made a 
squirming, sucking mess of female flesh in the middle of Jade's bed and licked 
and sucked each other for a long time.

I now had my video camera permanently mounted on a tripod, which always pointed 
straight into her bedroom. I had added a dish microphone to pick up all the 
beautiful sounds associated with all the next-door fun. Now that mic came in 
very handy. They squealed and grunted and laughed and slurped and I caught it 
all on tape. My buddies loved my tapes so much, I had to charge them a small fee 
to help pay for the tapes. We met weekly on Sundays to enjoy the previous weeks 
recordings. I even provided paper towels to keep them from making a mess of my 
place when they shot their spunk during the viewings.

I remember the first time I actually ran into her on her way out the door. She 
was fumbling in a small purse to see if she had remembered to bring something. I 
was out checking my mail.

"Hi neighbor!" I called to her. At first, she just ignored me and kept looking 
in her purse. I walked closer and tried again.

"My name's Garrison, yours?" She paused and looked up. Frustrated and annoyed to 
be interrupted, she scowled and said, "Whatcha want?"

I looked for an opening. "Sure hope you didn't forget your keys!", hoping to 
lighten the mood some.

"None o' yer business what I'm looking for." With that she turned and ran back 
inside, leaving me with bewilderment plastered all over my face. I had a lot to 
learn about her fiery attitude. The red hair should have been a tip-off. It was 
several days afterwards that I learned her name.

It was mid Saturday afternoon and Jade had been sunbathing in the back, lying on 
one of those aluminum folding lawn chairs. She looked hot. The red bikini she 
wore covered almost nothing, giving me a great view of her breasts. Little 
rivulets of sweat ran down into the cleavage, the top having pulled her breasts 
together. I knew she must be thirsty, so I quickly made some instant iced tea 
and poured each of us a tall glass.

I carried the glasses out the back door and over to where she lay sunning. I 
made enough noise so as not to startle her. She opened her eyes and looked up at 
me.

"You look like you might be thirsty. Care for some iced tea?"

"Uh, Ok!" She reached out and took the glass I offered. This time I just sat 
next to her in a vacant chair and waited.

"Well? " she said after the first couple of long swigs on the tea.

"Well, what?" I responded. I figured I would play her little game this time.

"Whygya bring this tea over to me?"

"I know a thirsty person when I see one. Is it Ok?" I wasn't going to give her 
the satisfaction of putting me on the spot.

"Yea!" she snipped. Still not able to be civil and act friendly. I thought of a 
way to steer the conversation, such as it was, around to her and her body.

"Are you a model? You have the body for it!" I figured that would appeal to her 
ego. She seemed to be completely self-absorbed. It worked.

"Naw. Just a junior in college. What about you?" Well, well. The first nice 
thing I had heard out of her mouth.

"I work part-time over at a wholesale warehouse while attending the local 
college." I needed to get her talking about herself.

"Is this your home town?" I hoped she would get more comfortable with me.

"Yea. Lived here all my life and went to Bellview High. Where did you go to high 
school?"

"John Glenn in Pittsburg, my hometown." Now things were going more smoothly. I 
thought I would try for her name again.

"I'm Garrison. What's you name?" I said, hoping she would be more friendly than 
the last time I asked.

"Jade" she said not looking up, but continued to drink little sips of the tea. 
She looked more relaxed now, having refreshed some from the tea.

"That's a cool name. Is it a nickname or your giving name?"

"I think it was my mother's idea. Turns out my eyes are very green, so seems to 
fit me ok," she blurted out her first normal sentence. I had the opening I was 
looking for.

"Open your eyes some more. I can't see." I said, hoping she would not feel 
pressed. She sat up some and looked me well in the face. I looked closer and 
smiled at her.

"Damn! Those are very nice green eyes. I like how they contrast nicely with your 
hair." Hoping the complement would keep her mood soft. She looked at me now and 
smiled just a little. She took another sip and leaned back and closed her eyes. 
My eyes wondered over her yummy D-sized breasts and stomach and meandered down 
to her crotch. The skimpy bottoms of her suit were pressed very tightly into her 
pussy lips, making them very prominent and easily noticed. I looked her legs 
over well, especially her cute feet. I was about to make my way back up to her 
pussy when she laughingly said,

"Like what you see?"

I looked quickly back at her face and smiled very broadly. "You better believe 
it!" I said, hoping the positive comment would make an opening for more.

"Everything about you is very hot. I don't think that tea will cool you down at 
all!", joking with her a little. I wanted to keep the subject headed toward her 
sexual activities.

"Looks like you’ve been have a real good time. I see your friends come by quite 
often. They sure are cute." I offered more encouragement.

"Yea, I party a lot. School bores me so much, I have to do something to forget 
about it. I've seen your buddies coming over a lot too. Are you gay?" She almost 
got me with that one. I wasn't sure where she was going with that question.

"No. Love girls very much. The guys and I just enjoy watching some of the videos 
I make every week. Definitely X-rated. You ever watch that type of video?" This 
had to be the bait I wanted her to take.

"Of course! I love to watch the lesbos eat each other out. That's what makes me 
the hottest. What do you like to watch best?" She probed.

"Well, I love watching people have fun any way they like; licking, sucking, 
fucking. You name it, I love to watch it", I told her. She looked over at me and 
smirked a little.

"I really enjoy watching people when they don't know they are being watched. 
Especially girls masturbating." I had to throw that in just to see if she would 
bite.

"You do, do you?" She laughed back.

"Yes," I continued. "I really enjoy watching you masturbate. You do it so well 
and I love to see you toss your hair around when you cum. You look wonderful 
naked with your fingers in your pussy." This had to get her attention. It did!

"What are you talking about? When have you ever seen me? You perv! I should call 
the cops!" she blasted back.

"Yea, right!" I said, knowing she was all show.

"You know it’s fair game to look if someone leaves access to see you from a 
public place," I reminded her. She looked a bit pissed and yet, I saw that 
expression in her lips that seemed to say, "Damn, I am good!" She was a true 
exhibitionist and she knew it.

"What do you think I have been showing all my buddies these last several weeks?" 
I knew she would be hot now!

"Damn you, have you been fucking videotaping me in my room?" She swore, quickly 
sitting up and looked like she wanted to hit me.

"Sure," I shot back. "Did you think that I would keep all that good viewing to 
myself. Besides, I whack off too while watching you. You are so hot and the guys 
love you too. They beat their meats furiously watching you over and over fucking 
your cute little twat with those nice fingers of yours. You make great X-rated 
movies!"

She just looked at me for awhile, thinking of a plan. Then she began to threaten 
and bargain.

"You better go get all those tapes right now and give them to me, or I will call 
the cops!" She threatened.

"I already told you that wouldn't work. But I have another plan that will" I 
shot back.

"Oh, yea?" she fretted.

"I will give you one tape everytime you come over to see me. I want to eat your 
sweet pussy. One long good pussy licking for one tape. Is it a deal?" I offered.

"She almost frowned, hesitating, but then remembered how horny she always was 
after a boring day at school. She squinched up her mouth and looked hard at me 
for several seconds....

"Well, you drive a hard bargain, but I do love my puss licked and played with. 
How many tapes have you made of me?" she ask, getting a bit wet even now 
thinking about it all. I noticed a small dark spot forming at the juncture of 
her pussy lips.

"About 200 now, I think. One for every afternoon of finger fucking and several 
at other times when you were fucking your friends. It's a great library. Want to 
come over and see what I have?" I just knew her curiosity would get the better 
of her at that suggestion.

"Sure!" she said, and got up from the chair. I took the empty glass from her and 
we walked over to my back door and up to my apartment.

I led her into my room. She could immediately see all the equipment I had setup 
for taping her through my window. She looked around in amazement. She went over 
to the window and looked out. Even now she could see into her room right at the 
bed. She turned to me and grinned a big sheepish smile! I laughed just a little, 
then said,

"Sit here while I cue up a tape. Let me show you one of my favorites!" I pulled 
a tape cassette from one of many shelves that held volumes of tapes. She sort of 
whistled as she saw how many I had made of her. Her ego got bigger by the 
second.

"Here it is," I said, shoving the tape into the deck and powering up the monitor 
connected to it.

"This is one of your 'just after shower' episodes with your favorite girlfriend. 
She is really hot too." I grabbed the remote and pressed play. "What is her 
name, by the way?" I just had to know.

Her eyes were glued to the monitor as the tape made it to the start of the 
scene. Her friend was kissing her lustily and fingering her wet pussy. Jade was 
pinching the girl's tits and fingering her too.

"Sue," she said softly without taking her eyes from the monitor. She said it 
lovingly as a lover would. She began to lick her lips and reach down to touch 
herself. She seemed to be lost in the moment of the scene and soon forgot I was 
even in the room. The sound of them cumming and sucking and such was so intense 
she just took off the bottom piece of the swimsuit and began to masturbate 
vigorously. I watched her, then the video and then back at her. She wanted to 
close her eyes to concentrate, but didn't want to miss any part of her session 
with Sue. I was getting really hard by now, and wondered how I was going to make 
my way onto those sweet pussy lips, those very wet, suckable lips I had for so 
long been watching and longing to lick.

I realized how distracted she was by the video and her own approaching orgasm, 
so I just quietly got down on my hands and knees and moved softly over in 
between her legs. I tentatively licked one of the lips to see if she would stop 
or be upset. She didn't even miss a stroke. I licked harder now, and pushed my 
tongue deep inside her pussy. She gasped loudly and clenched her legs together 
quickly. I knew she was about to cum and I fucked her sweet hole rapidly with my 
tongue as her orgasm overtook her. She squealed and bucked and her eyes were now 
closed and she tossed her head from side to side just as she always did when 
cumming so hard.

I reached up and began playing with her nipples and squeezing her breasts. Her 
orgasm continued and I now inserted two fingers inside of her and sucked hard on 
her clit while using my fingers to stimulate her g-spot. She seemed lost in 
waves of wonder and ecstasy. I sucked her sweet juices as they flowed over my 
fingers and ran dripping onto the floor. I tried to get it all into my mouth, 
but she just oozed too much too fast.

Eventually, Jade came around to reality. She looked down at me, my face 
completely slick and dripping with her juices. She giggled sweetly and pulled my 
face to her and kissed me deeply, licking the juices from my face also.

"Well, Jade, do you have a place to hold all these tapes?" I teased her, hoping 
she would let me keep them for her here in my room.

"Not right now. Can I come over everyday and watch some?" she ask, hooked on the 
videos.

"I wouldn't have it any other way!" I said, smiling and kissing her lightly 
again. She gave me a quick hug and stood up to leave.

"Thanks for that licking. You are very good! I think that's the best time a guy 
has ever eaten my pussy. I'm going to like coming home now more then ever. You 
better have a tape cued and waiting when I get here." she threatened sweetly.

"You can count on it," I promised.

"And I want to sneak and watch your buddies jerk off to my tapes next time they 
are over, Ok?" she said.

"You got it. But you will have to be very quiet when you cum or they will know 
you are here and want to party with you." I wanted to see where that idea would 
go, but she just laughed and said she had to get cleaned up for the evening. She 
went out almost every night, as I knew all too well. I saw her to my back door, 
then she noticed she had forgotten to put the bottom piece of her suit back on. 
She giggled and I ran back up and got it for her. I helped her hold it in place 
while she tied the strings. Her pussy was still very warm from all the fun we 
had enjoyed together. I watched as her cute little ass sauntered back into her 
yard and up the back stairs to her apartment. Wow, I thought to myself.


Chapter Two

Jade and I met nearly every afternoon and enjoyed watching a tape and having hot 
oral sex. She even gave me a blowjob now and then. Unexpected, but very welcome. 
She was great at that too. We began to have conversations about voyeurism and 
such. I marveled at how much she needed to be watched and I was more than happy 
to be the watcher.

One afternoon, Jade surprised me by bringing her girlfriend Sue over to watch 
with us. When Jade introduced me to Sue, she referred to me as the watcher. I 
liked that and so did Sue, turns out. She traveled a lot in her work as a 
technical advisor and made this stop here at Jade's whenever she was in town.

Jade explained that she was the submissive of Sue and that Sue had something 
special planned for this evening. I was very pleased that she had chosen to tell 
me about it. Sue explained that she was going to place a collar around Jade's 
neck to symbolize Jade's choice to continue their Domme/sub relationship. I had 
read about this lifestyle, and thought that the two made a nice couple, and told 
them so.

I had a feeling that while Sue was in town, I wouldn't be licking Jade's sweet 
snatch. I put in a tape of the two of them and they really loved watching it 
together. They laughed and commented on what each of them was doing in the 
movie. Sue thanked me repeatedly for taking the time to tape everything so 
clearly. She immediately asked for a copy, and I told her I would have one ready 
for her when she had to leave.

"Sue, since tonight is a very special night for the two of you, do you want me 
to tape all or most of it? I can be very invisible and you will have a great 
record of your special night." I hoped she would think this a keen idea.

"What do you have in mind?" she probed, curious as to what I might suggest.

"Just let me sneak around and you pretend not to see me. I will be as quiet and 
invisible as possible. Then, you can come over afterward and help me edit it. I 
know it will be a great night." I said, with as much enthusiasm in my voice as I 
knew how. She looked at Jade and Jade tilted her head and looked questioningly 
back at Sue. They began to smile at each other and I then knew they would have a 
blast and even better time knowing they were being taped.


"Ok! But if I say quit, you gotta stop the camera, Ok?" she bargained.

"Sure, but I bet you wont' even be aware of me. You have fun and when the night 
is done, you can edit out takes you don't want included in the final tape."

So with that decided, the two of them left to plan the evening.

I went about getting the tapes and equipment ready. I was already a bit horny 
from viewing the tape I had cued up for them. Now, thinking how much of their 
sex play I was going to capture on tape, I got even hornier. I loaded everything 
except the loaded camera and a small tripod into my truck and locked it. Then I 
went up to shower and dress for the evening. As I looked into Jade's window, I 
could see her and Sue discussing the plans for the night. I knew my job for the 
night was going to be very unusual and tough. I had to get good views and still 
keep out of site. But I live for a challenge!

Knowing I had to be quick or miss good scenes, I hurriedly showered and dressed 
in a black shirt and pants. Everything was black. I wanted to be a shadow. I 
made a quick sandwich, ate it and drank something. Then I closed up the 
apartment and took the back stairs down and over to her back stairs. I was very 
quiet and snuck inside her back door. I heard the shower running and followed 
the sounds to the bathroom. It was too steamy inside for my lens so I stayed 
just outside the door leaving a small crack through which to shoot.

The two of them were washing each other and laughing and kissing and just being 
cute girls. The shower doors were steamed up and allowed a very foggy view of 
them. Every so often, one of them would bump into the glass doors and their butt 
and shoulders and boobs could be clearly seen. This was such a tease as you 
could never know which body part would be pushed up against the glass next. I am 
quite sure they did not know I was there.

The water turned off and the door slid back. The two water nymphs tumbled out 
and played with each other some more. They grabbed their towels and began to dry 
each other off. I had a hard time keeping them in frame as they bumped each 
other around the room. I had to crack the door even wider. They must not have 
noticed. They just kept playing. I stopped recording and went into Jade's 
bedroom. I knew they would be there in a moment and I wanted to catch all their 
hot sex together. I skipped the obvious closet, as they would be sure to open it 
and see me there. I grabbed a light blanket and pushed a table over a few feet 
towards a chest of drawers. I used the blanket and the table to make a blind 
from which I could film without being seen.

Soon, they ran into the room laughing and jumped on the bed. Jade looked out the 
window and said something about 'wondering if Garrison was taping them yet'. I 
almost couldn't squelch my giggle. She left the small opening in the curtains 
anyway and the two of them kissed softly for several minutes.

Sue began the session in earnest by demanding that Jade get on all fours with 
her ass facing the window. Jade, as usual, argued with Sue, but did it anyway. 
The angle was still pretty good from my vantage point. Sue bent down and 
proceeded to whack Jade's butt cheeks soundly with her hand. Every few whacks, 
Sue would pause and rub Jade's pussy lips and sometimes insert a finger and 
stroke her several times. This continued until Jade's ass was a very nice shade 
of dark pink. I knew it was going to be a tough night for me, as my dick was 
already jerking in time to the whacks on Jade's ass cheeks. How was I going to 
stand being this close to two gorgeous girls having great sex and not be able to 
do anything other than film it all? I just clung to the thought that later on, 
Jade and I would be watching this tape, and I would be licking and sucking that 
cute pussy that now was getting spanked and fingered.

When Sue was satisfied with the color and heat of Jade's ass, she pushed Jade 
over onto her back, stood over her head and squatted down straddling her face. 
Sue pushed her pussy into Jade's face and began small rocking motions with her 
pelvis. Jade submissively allowed Sue to fuck her face, stopping every so often 
for Jade to suck Sue's clit into her mouth and tongue it and pinch it. This 
action always drove Sue crazy with lust, shaking and moaning loudly. As I zoomed 
in on Sue's butt, I could see her juices trickling down Jade's chin and puddling 
on her chest between her breasts. The rear view of Sue's pussy lips and anus 
were so provocative I nearly lost track of what I was doing. Juices even dripped 
from her pussy lips. Jade saw that and reached her tongue back under the lips 
and licked them repeatedly to get at the sweet nectar.

"Oh Jade! I can't take anymore. I'm cumming, I'm cummng," Sue yelled as her body 
shuddered from the sweet waves of a pounding orgasm. It continued for a minute 
or two as Sue clung to Jade's head by her bright red braids. Sue had pinned her 
crotch so tightly against Jade's face that it cut off all her air. Jade shoved 
Sue back onto her tummy and gasped loudly, panting. Sue laughed heartily at 
Jade's predicament. Finally catching her breath some, Jade joined Sue in 
laughing at their fun. Jade wiggled her hips, tempting Sue to play with her.

Sue repositioned herself between Jade's legs and began eating her pussy with 
lots of sloppy slurping and licking. She paused only long enough to insert two 
and then three fingers into Jade's very wet pussy. She thrust them in and out to 
some wild rhythm that only she and Jade could hear. Jade was so aroused by all 
that had happened that, within a minute of this finger fucking, she bit her 
lower lip as usual and cried out with her orgasm. Sue took the clue and sucked 
her clit completely into her mouth and tongue thrashed it unmercifully. It was 
several minutes before Jade's orgasm subsided enough for her to open her eyes 
and sit up. She and Sue squeezed each others' breasts and kissed long and hard.

Sue went over to the dresser and picked up a small package wrapped in pretty 
paper.

"Jade, I think it’s the right time for this," Sue said, looking lovingly at 
Jade. Bouncing up from the bed, Jade knelt in front of Sue. She trembled 
slightly in anticipation. Sue handed Jade the package and Jade took it and 
eagerly tore the wrapping from the small box. She slowly opened it and slid the 
lid under the bottom and held up the box to Sue. Sue reached into the box and 
picked up a sterling choker collar. She moved closer and placed the collar 
around Jade's neck and ran one end through the ring at the other end and pulled 
it tight. Jade's face burned brightly with shame and humiliation. She wanted, 
no, needed Sue's treatment of her. She found her greatest sexual fulfillment 
when in submission to Sue. The collar was Jade's acceptance of Sue's authority 
over her and Jade's need to be dominated. Jade leaned forward and licked Sue's 
pussy like a dog lapping at your hand. Sue drove Jade's face hard and deep into 
her pussy and told her in a stern tone, "Lick it, You better Lick It Good! You 
dirty little slut."

Jade's face grew even redder, if that was possible. She grabbed Sue's butt 
cheeks with both hands and ate at Sue's cunt with eager, noisy suckings and 
licks. Sue began to shudder and moan. She was soon taken completely in a hard, 
fast orgasm. She grunted and whined and finally wound down from another hot time 
with Jade attached to her cunt.

Sue pulled Jade up to her and the two of them hugged each other warmly and 
kissed long and softly. I could tell they each found what they were looking for 
in this yin/yang sort of pairing. The moment spilled over with emotional 
intensity. Something suddenly blurred my view. I had to clear my eyes to keep 
filming.

The two broke their kiss and Sue reached into a bag close by and pulled out a 
long black leash. She came over to Jade and snapped the leash onto the collar. 
She gave the leash a little sharp tug. Jade grinned and knelt in front of Sue. 

"Go put on that dress I have chosen for tonight, and no panties. I want your 
pussy open and accessible to me at any moment the whole night. And wear that 
little black jacket that makes your boobies look so hot for me." Sue ordered 
Jade about. Jade went over to where the clothes were laid out and stepped into 
the thin wool pleated mini skirt. It came to mid-thigh and was just the right 
length to flip up and show off her cute ass or shaven pussy, which ever Sue 
wanted to do at any moment. She slipped a cute pair of matching heels on and 
pulled the black jacket over her shoulders and buttoned the three buttons. Her 
breasts appeared to be stuffed into the jacket and you could easily see the 
sides of her breasts between the buttons.

"Ok, Jade. That looks good. Now come here, I want to give you one more thing." 
Sue instructed. Jade walked over and waited in front of her with head hung. Sue 
turned her around and told her to bend over. Sue flipped up the skirt and took a 
small oval shaped vibrating egg that was remote controlled and easily pushed it 
up into Jades vagina. She was still very wet from all the sex and play. Sue's 
humiliation of Jade kept her wet. Now Sue could turn the vibrator on and off at 
will, keeping Jade in a constant state of arousal. Sue got dressed. She wore a 
white loose-knit top and short leather skirt. Her hair was done up beautifully 
in curls and bangs, making her oval face picture perfect. She finished off the 
effect with knee high leather boots with two inch heels. The two soon finished 
with their make-up and stuff and a horn sounded out in front. I discovered that 
it was a limo to take them to a theater. I followed in my truck as quickly as I 
could.


Chapter Three

About half way to where they were headed, the limo pulled over into an empty 
parking lot. I grabbed my camera and started shooting. Sue pulled hard on the 
leash attached to Jade’s collar, guiding her over to a lighting pole. Sue 
ordered Jade to spread her legs. Sue reached down into her cunt and pulled the 
egg vibrator out and then told Jade to pee right there with her skirt pulled up 
high so anyone coming by could see her peeing. I quickly zoomed in and centered 
on her crotch. It took several seconds for Jade to relax, but finally a small 
dribble of pee fell from between her legs. It soon got going and became a nice 
strong stream. They both looked down at it and enjoyed the sight and sound of 
her peeing. Jade looked around to see if anyone was close enough to see her. No 
one but me and the camera. But she was not looking at me. I was off in the 
shadows, using the zoom to get in close on them.

I couldn't really see this, but found out later that Sue made Jade lick the seat 
where she had been sitting just before they stopped at the parking lot. Seems 
Jade had cum and leaked her cum all over the seat from that vibrator egg and Sue 
punished her by making her lick it all up. Now, she couldn't even wipe the pee 
from her pussy. She just had to get back into the limo and ride on to the 
theater.

The limo let the girls out and pulled away to find a parking place. I shot into 
a spot that was too small for the limo and grabbed my gear, locking the vehicle 
and ran inside. After paying for the ticket, I eased into the theater. The 
trailers were playing and the brightness of the scenes on the screen made 
locating the girls a bit easier. They were way down in front. The very first 
row.

I carefully found a seat nearby just behind them and eased down into the seat. I 
took the camera out and held it close in front of me so as not to attract 
attention. I set it on low light setting and tried to focus. The light level 
went from almost black to very bright, making it hard to get a good picture. Sue 
fingered Jades pussy, her legs spread wide open. They crouched down in their 
seats, giggling a little. Soon the movie started. Sue sent Jade out to get 
popcorn and drinks. She was gone awhile and came back with her hands full. As 
the movie got underway, the two of them got more and more vocal and soon people 
were shushing them. It became obvious that the two were doing something totally 
unrelated to the movie. I was close enough to smell Jade's pussy. It was a 
strange combination of smells; popcorn, soda pop, dirty theater floor mess, 
Jade's leather jacket and then Jade's cunt juices. Wow. I didn't know whether to 
be turned on or disgusted at all those scents.

Soon, the pop and water Sue forced Jade to drink made its way to her bladder and 
Jade needed to pee. The two got up and trapsed out into the lobby. I followed, 
because I knew they would be taking their little party with them. I caught the 
two of them heading up some stairs, Jade's ass showing clearly from under that 
short skirt, as Sue followed close behind. At the top was a hallway. There were 
restrooms up there and Sue told Jade to go into the men's facility. Jade looked 
at her like she was nuts and Sue shoved her inside. I pushed open the door and 
carefully aimed the camera around the partition.

Sue had Jade standing at one of the urinals and peeing. They were both laughing 
and Jade got some pee splashed on her. Sue had her go into a stall and wipe 
herself. Sue then just walked out, passing me and winked. I ducked back out and 
slipped back down into the theater. When the two were seated again, Jade 
whispered that a guy was surprised by her coming out of the men's door and 
brushed up against her. They giggled at that.

Soon more drinks and more finger fucking and giggling. The few people that had 
showed up for this late viewing were getting a bit tired of the girl's antics. 
They had to shush the girls repeatedly. Up they popped again to go pee. The same 
routine as before. Jade and Sue into the men's and this time I went in right 
behind them, as they both knew I was there. I got a great shot from behind 
looking up from knee level of pee gushing from Jade’s pussy. She shook from the 
tingle of relief. I knew this would be one of the great scenes of the night. As 
the stream diminished to a trickle and then a couple of quick spurts, she 
sighed, looked over her shoulder at me and jutted her ass out at the camera and 
wiggled it some. My dick just kept getting harder. I was in real pain by now. 
She grabbed some tissue from a stall and wiped, then began to wash her hands. 
Some guy came in. He looked at her washing up with that way too short skirt and 
walked up behind her, flipping it up in back, laughed and said a few choice 
comments. He looked at me and asked what the hell was I doing. I told him we 
were making a girls gone wild movie. He thought that was cool and proceeded to a 
urinal to pee. We left, returning to our seats.

On Jade's third time to the restroom, she went by herself. She wasn't gone too 
long and when she came back, I overheard her tell Sue that "a sort of older guy 
burst into the stall when I had just started to piss. I didn't spread my legs 
for him, so he told me to, and then I did. I felt so ashamed and dirty and kind 
of sexy. I don't know why I did, maybe it was because we have been having sex 
all day. He even helped a little by pulling my thighs open. . . I was just so 
shocked. That kind of made me wake up. So I spread my legs for him, and he got a 
pretty good look, and wouldn't let me leave until I wiped up". She giggled with 
embarrassment and the two of them began to play again. This time, Sue was very 
insistent. She kept at the finger fucking until Jade made a big loud noise while 
cumming. They were really loud this time and the other viewers shouted at them 
to shut the fuck up or get out. I don't know why, because the two girls were a 
lot more intertaining than the movie.

The girls scooted out of the movie just as it was about to finish and dashed out 
the door. I made a beeline for my vehicle and followed close behind. The limo 
stopped in front of Jade's place and the girls got out. Sue had the limo wait. 
It seemed to soon for this very special night to be over. The two stopped just 
outside the front door and kissed and giggled some more and then Sue made Jade 
kneel down right there in plain view of anyone, me and the limo driver or 
whomever might walk by and had her eat her pussy one last time for the night. 
When Sue, having to lean on the door to steady herself during her orgasm, was 
finally satisfied, they kissed and Sue hopped back into the limo and sped off 
into the night.

Jade’s eyes followed the limo as it sped away, then, lowering her head, went 
inside. I tried not to cry as I saw her wiping her eyes at Sue’s leaving, but 
was unsuccessful. I was tired, but happy about the night’s taping. As I hauled 
my stuff up to my apartment, I stumbled briefly on a stair step and cursed 
softly. Must have been that mist still blurring my vision. I soon drifted off to 
sleep dreaming wonderful visions of Jade!

---------------

Epilogue:

It was several days later that I called Jade over to view and help edit the 
tapes of her night out with Sue.

She slammed the back door, ran up the stairs and burst into my room.

"Hey! What if I had been naked in here?", I complained in mock shock. She 
giggled and said, "Tough"!

I had the first cassette already loaded and pushed the play button. We looked at 
it some and she started adding commentary here and there to the scenes. She 
laughed at herself as she saw herself cumming and eating Sue's pussy. She really 
enjoyed watching herself. When we came to that nice piss shot, she laughed and 
poked me in the side. “I like that shot the best of the peeing ones!” she said, 
with obvious satisfaction beaming from her eyes! Even as an exhibitionist, she 
also had a great voyeur instinct. We played and marked spots for editing out and 
finally she seemed to tire of the job. I stopped and ask if she would like 
something to drink. She giggled, thinking back on all the peeing she did in the 
movie!

We went into the kitchen and I poured us something cold from the refrigerator. 
She sat on a stool just opposite me and smeared the cool glass around her face, 
leaving trails of condensation over her forehead and cheeks. I noticed that she 
let her other hand slip down between her legs. She was wearing a pair of extreme 
jeans cutoffs. There was not enough crotch material left to cover much at all. 
She easily pushed the cloth aside and ran her fingers over her lips. I watched 
for a little bit and then got the hint. She wanted to masturbate for me, and I 
decided to add to her pleasure.

I unfastened my shorts and let them drop to my ankles. She looked at me, grinned 
and made a lewd remark about me not getting that sticky stuff on her. I began to 
stroke my already hard shaft. She was very turned on and her pussy began to 
leak. I watched the sweet clear liquid run down onto the stool seat. She got 
frustrated with the shorts being in the way, and shucked them off quickly. We 
were now sitting on our stools, very nude and rubbing our naughty parts in 
complete enjoyment of each other. She fingered herself and rubbed her clit 
around and around. I used my spit to slick up my cock. It was very red, hard and 
shiny. She couldn't take her eyes off it. I stroked it faster and faster to the 
same speed and rhythm of her strokes. We looked briefly into each other's eyes 
and grinned. She closed her eyes and her breath caught sharply. She began to 
shudder and I knew she was cumming. I needed no more encouragement and brought 
my cock into the home stretch. I stood up and got close to her pussy. I squirted 
my cum right on her pussy lips as she shook with a great orgasm. She felt my hot 
jism on her fingers and lips and looked down to see them all splattered and 
running with cum. This sent a new wave of spasms running through her. She moaned 
and shook even harder.

I wiped my fingers and cock on her tummy. She smeared her fingers generously in 
it and licked them clean. We laughed and played with my cum on her tummy some 
and I went down and licked the rest of her skin clean. I continued to lick her 
clit and pussy lips. They were so wet and tasted wonderful. She moaned again in 
complete abandon as she found another very nice orgasm. After I finished eating 
her delicious pussy, I led her to my bathroom and we took a nice shower 
together. She has the most beautiful tits and I played with them and soaped them 
up and rubbed my hands all over her cute body. We kissed and touched and played 
and finally rinsed off.









