Entry 434  

Gotta reopen this day for one last thing:

   Just now I was in the little shower we have here in the dorm, and first I should say I was mad because the floor was wet and as she got out Brandy hit my clothes and knocked them off the bench. SOO, I sat my big fuzzy robe on the little white lawn chair in the corner, with my purple flannel pajamas, undies, and my Shrek Donkey head slippers deciding to end my day with my usual relaxing hot shower.

   (That is if the water heater was working which it sometimes isnt.)

   The last of the four little stalls has kind of a window, and two concrete walls, one plastic one kinda, and the little sort of clearish plastic sheet, not really see through but not like white or some other color. We have to leave it open or the walls get really really funky. The window not the curtain, ok Ill try to make sense of this but im writing too fast!

   So I start the hot water, step into the corner and add the cold till it was the warmest I could take. I curl and twirl my hair up, pull the curtain closed behind me, and stand like most people I think, facing the wall, water blasting my neck and back till I got used to the waters heat and pressure. The little white tiles get slippery from all the conditioner everyone uses, so youre careful turning or walking, any moving your feet at all. I stood there for a few minutes, my hands on the wall, leaning away from the water, and toward it, making it hit at my very tired shoulders,  then down to my tailbone, then back.

   I had the water blasting at about my navels height, when I slowly turned to face the water. I had set my body wash on the ledge of the little window sill, and was leaning over to it, but the water was too hot and hit me in the sensitive area (guess where) and having just shaved, it was VERY sensitive. So I just leaned back  toward the water. Up the splashpoint goes, massaging my tummy, right hip, my sternum, my chest, and it happens.

   Are you my girlfriend? This deep, sexy mans voice says, from like, the window behind me. I chilled, stood there hoping it was a mirage, daydream, I get those as you know Diary, so I do the steps, like I was taught. I said aloud in a low voice, almost a whisper, shes not here now, call later for her. No response. I slowly started to turn, but it was really slippery by the edge where my foot was, so I looked down to find the drain. Its not as slippery on the metal drain strainer thing.

   Two really big hands reached around from behind me, under my arms, and cupped my puppies and  started squeezing them. I nearly fell to the floor, but the stall is so small that two people probably cant fit in it, certainly a man with hands that big wouldnt fit through that window. But maybe his hands could?

    Are you my girlfriend? His fingers were tweaking my nips and playing with them, hands still massaging, lifting, really arousing me harsh, and I was like, maybe its my phantom lover returned!

   Yes Im your girlfriend I said, and just stood there while he played. I remember sighing once or so, but Im not sure how long I just stood there.

   Carol had walked in the shower and was standing right outside the plastic sheet of mine, unknown to me till she said Wendy, I know you cant drive, but I dont think I can drive the whole way, how would you feel about switching off maybe, after the Jordan border?

   I tried to lean away, to step out of the shower, but his hands were huge, and the little tug-tug thing on my nips was buckling my knees, and I had managed to bite my lower lip pretty badly to stay quiet. I reached out my left arm and could just barely touch it. I inhaled deeply, while he rolled my breasts around like hands from shiatsu heaven.

   Maybe for a little while, if the road is good, driving scares me. I closed my mouth and pursed my lips tight as the hands pulled me toward the wall and the window. I was so impressed with how much I managed to say and how well, unaffected kinda it sounded. I tried to keep up with the hands pulling, hoping my feet wouldnt hit a slick spot. The cool wall tickled my butt and my shoulder blades, and I closed my eyes while the hands began to move around, little finger movements,  scratches, rolling circles, tugging, kneading. Carol talked and talked about the last drive we went on, as she tried to get out of her job again, like usual, and blaming it on being older, which is just not fair.

   She added, Remember its a family visit, wear something, well, you know. Whyd she have to go there? I know how to dress churchlike, been doing it for years, hello! Right then though I didnt want to wear anything, I could barely think of anything except how amazing he was making me feel. I heard her saying thank you and the door squeak open, and the door shut with a thump. The hands instantly disappeared at the sound of the thump, and I was left trembling in a frenzy, soaked and washed, milked and caressed and aroused to shivering all over. I was a total mess. Why was it so wonderful?

   I did a quick dry off, threw the robe on me, and rolled up the other clothes. I clutched them under my arm and stumbled to my room down the hall, where just after putting on my new dance CD (right now Dip It Low is playing by Christina Milian- if you are a dancer you can NOT stand still to it) I pulled my book out and wrote this in my journal while Toxic played. 

   NOTE
   I changed the name and I changed what he exactly said in my ear, but the rest is the same as the journal.
