Let Them Watch Me
by lilylush

A young Lily discovers she's an exhibitionist

Lily was a shy eighteen-year-old girl who'd been living in an apartment complex with her family for most of her life. It was a rather large place in the middle of a big city, made of sixteen buildings, each with dozens of apartments. The leisure areas were plenty, too. A huge swimming pool, sports courts and the like.

It wasn't a place she enjoyed living in, though. All the other people her age seemed to hang out with their friends, and she was the only one left out. Even though it was summer, she was afraid to go swimming alone and end up looking like a loser.

One day when arriving home, though, she realized she might have a chance to turn her social situation around. A group of six guys, who looked to be about her age were hanging out near her building when they saw her coming. Lily had a skinny build, short black hair and beautiful pair of B sized boobs. To complete the view, she was wearing a very tight pair of black shorts that let the bottom of her ass cheeks on show. Lily wore her clothes innocently, not aware of the effect it had on men.

When she noticed they were looking, she smiled shyly. It could be her chance to at least make some acquaintances, she thought, so she might as well be friendly. A few of them waved, smiling excitedly. After she passed she heard part of their comments, between laughs, containing words like "hot", "cute" and, surprisingly, "cameltoe".

Lily was shocked at the last word. She picked up the pace, rushing home and going straight to her bedroom. Staring at her body mirror, she realized she was, in fact, displaying a cameltoe, result of her tight shorts and her puffy innie pussy. It wasn't at all her intention to let it show and she suddenly felt ashamed of going out like that. Her face felt warm and she just wanted to disappear. Passing my those guys like this? She thought. What a disaster!

As she thought about it, her thoughts moved from her shame to the guys' reactions. Wait. What were they saying again? Hot? She distinctly remembered hearing the word hot. Maybe they were just making fun of her. Yeah, that's probably it. But on the other hand... what if they were being honest? No, nobody finds me hot. That can't be it.

Lily tried her best to forget what happened but she couldn't. Deep inside her mind there was a glimpse of hope that those guys actually found her attractive. She stared at herself at the mirror again, this time with different eyes. Her slim body, her shorts and her exposed legs could actually attract a man's attention. Her shame and anxiety were slowly turning into lust. Were all those guys really thinking of her like that? The mere thought made her wet. A group of guys attracted to her, checking her out.

The next day, Lily had a plan. She had never come so hard as she did when she masturbated the previous day. She needed more of that attention. Maybe, she thought, she could get even more than just new friends.

She dressed up for another hot summer day: a loose shirt and a new tight pair of pink shorts. She made sure to not wear any panties so nothing would be in the way of her shorts and the shape of her pussy and ass. Before leaving, she looked at herself in the mirror to make sure her cameltoe was showing. She even pulled her shorts up a bit just to make it even more evidenced. Her heart was racing at the thought of what she was doing. It felt dirty and daring at the same time, and it was her secret: nobody knew she was doing it on purpose.

As she left her apartment, she started walking around the property. The place was quite large with lots of areas under the sun, sports courts, the pool and a huge area in the woods. To her surprise, she didn't have to walk much to find the same group of guys again. They also seemed to be on vacation, she thought, as it was early afternoon and they were all hanging out there. She took a deep breath and started walking in their direction, feeling a bit nervous.

As soon as they noticed her, they all stopped talking, almost too suddenly. Lily approached the group, waved and said "Hi," her voice failing a bit. They replied in a friendly way, introduced each other and soon they were making small talk.

Lily had a mission, though, to make sure they were noticing the outline of her pussy on her shorts. She made sure to look at them in the eyes to catch them looking. From time to time, she would see one of them staring for quite a few seconds. She wondered if they were trying to guess, in their minds, what her pussy was like. The thought of having all these guys thinking of her, curious to find out about it was slowly making Lily wet.

After a while, some of them had to leave. They all exchanged numbers with Lily and she said goodbye. As she walked away, she purposely looked back to see if they were looking at her and of course they were. They waved awkwardly, and she smiled at them. She was already horny from the thrill of showing off her body, and now she could feel her pussy soaking as she walked.

The next day, she started getting dressed to hang out with the guys again. She would have to be more daring this time around. She tried on a very loose white mini skirt that was barely enough to cover her ass. As she looked at herself in the mirror, a thrill came through her as she had the craziest idea. Her heart started pumping and her whole body felt warm. She took a deep breath and pulled down her panties, throwing them on her bed. She was now wearing nothing but a shirt and a loose mini skirt. Even the lightest breeze would be enough to lift it up and show her ass to whoever would be looking. She raised her skirt a little and took a good look at her soft, innie pussy she always kept shaved. One of those guys will get to see it for real today, she thought.

Lily left her apartment on another warm, sunny afternoon. As she walked outside she could feel the air passing by her thighs. The mere thought that her pussy was just barely hidden by that skirt was almost too much to bear.

When she met with the guys, they almost couldn't say "Hi." The older one, Chris, who was usually more flirty towards her seemed to be in heaven now. He got up from the bench they were sitting on to give her room. Lily sat between two guys on the bench, while the other four were standing in front of them. She realized as she sat that her skirt went up quite a bit. That was not planned, and Lily suddenly got nervous. She could feel how her skirt left her ass almost completely naked on the bench and, on the front, she had to keep her legs close together not to show off too much. Her skirt could barely make a small cover for her pussy.

Making small talk, they all agreed that Lily looked particularly gorgeous today. When hearing the compliments, Lily knew what they meant, and she knew her choice of clothing was a success. She still felt nervous about being almost naked and surrounded by six guys but, at the same time, she was hornier than ever. She kept it under control, talking as if her outfit was nothing out of the ordinary. As they started to become more focused on their conversation, Lily decided to open her legs slightly for a few moments in order to make the move to cross them.

As she made the motion to separate her legs, she could see from the corner of her eye the four guys in front of her were looking directly at her pussy. She purposely took forever, and then finally placed one leg on top of the other. Lily continued to talk, pretending she did nothing exceptional. She could feel her pussy getting wet as she moved her legs.

Chris, the older guy standing in front of her, took his cell phone and started using it. That was not uncommon, but as he was right in front of Lily, she realized he might try to snap some pictures of her. At first, she thought that might be too much, but then she ceded to her lust. To give him the chance, she waited a few seconds and made the same motion again but, this time, she let her legs spread a bit more, and for a bit longer. Her wet slit was now on display for the four guys in front of her, and for Chris' camera. She then made a wide movement with one leg to put it over the other. If Chris had his cell phone ready, he could have taken at least two or three pictures.

After crossing her legs the second time, Lily noticed her skirt had moved up a little bit more. It was now very hard to keep it from showing her upper thighs and ass. Talking and laughing, pretending to not notice what was going on, she let the boys enjoy the view for several minutes. They were all fighting back their instincts, trying not to stare at her legs for too long. When she just couldn't hold it anymore, she announced she had to go home. More than ever, she needed to touch herself.

As she got up from the bench, her skirt had lifted so much she was displaying half her ass to the two guys who were sitting down and her pussy was on view to the four guys in front of her. She didn't even mind pulling her skirt back down. If they all grabbed her and started groping her right now, she wouldn't fight back. In fact, that was all she wanted. But in public view, nobody dared to make the move.

She said her goodbyes and left, leaving all six guys without a reaction. She walked back to her apartment still with her pussy and ass on show. A guy passed by her and discreetly looked down at her pussy. After he went by her, she looked back, just to confirm he was catching a glimpse of her ass. Lily simply smiled, letting the men enjoy the view of her exposed body. They must think I'm some kind of prostitute, she thought. At home, the girl masturbated like never before.

Over time, Lily became obsessed with her new hobby. Not only the attention she got from men was amazing, she realized she also exerted power over them. She discovered a whole new way to explore her sexuality and started planning her next adventures.
