Bobby stays with Sam for a week, and by the end it seems like they’re having shouting matches every other hour. Sam doesn’t remember arguing this badly with his father: not even during those last volatile months before he left for Stanford. It’s funny because he doesn’t actually feel angry. He is done with numbness—his encounter with the demons and his subsequent failure to summon them back has left him with a constant, deep-seated ache in his chest that makes breathing painful—but that doesn’t mean he’s any closer to understanding why he feels so driven to fight with Bobby.

It’s a relief to both of them when Bobby finally throws his hands up in the air, announcing that he’s taking the book with him and telling Sam not to ‘try any more dumb ass shit’. He doesn’t understand that Sam was never in danger in the first place, and Sam sure as hell isn’t going to tell him. He knows full well what Bobby would say about any power that gives someone the ability to command demons.

The prospect of being alone again soothes Sam slightly, and as he watches Bobby pack, he feels calm enough to ask the question that’s been running through his mind on again and off again over the past few weeks. He closes the laptop and then leans forward a little over the table.

“Bobby?”

Bobby grunts an acknowledgement from his position by the queen bed he’s been using. He doesn’t look up, though, and he doesn’t pause from shoving the last of his shirts into the open rucksack on the bedspread.

Sam looks between the beds—two queens not because Bobby is here, but because no matter how strained his finances have been he can’t bring himself to ask for a single—and then asks, “Why did you tell me?”

Now Bobby stops what he’s doing to glance over his shoulder. His brow is furled with cautious confusion. “Tell you what?”

“That Dean wasn’t dead,” Sam clarifies, leaning forward on the table where he’s sitting. “I’m not doing anything you couldn’t have done on your own.”

Bobby’s mouth thins with pain and then smoothes out again. Dropping his eyes, he turns away and shoves the priest’s book into the rucksack on top of his clothing. The zipper won’t go easily with the bag this full, and he struggles with it, muttering things that are probably swears under his breath.

“Bobby?” Sam prods after a few seconds.

When it comes, Bobby’s answer is so soft that he has to strain to hear it. “I told you because Dean deserved to have someone looking for him for his own sake. And I didn’t—I didn’t trust myself to do that for him.”

Sam wants to hate Bobby for that admission, but he can’t. He can’t because Bobby has turned to face him again and there are tears running down the man’s face. His hands tremble on the straps of his rucksack.

“It isn’t because I don’t love him, Sam. I love both you boys like you were my own sons. But I—I’m weak.” His voice hitches in something horribly like a sob, and when he continues his voice is slow. Reluctant.

“There’s a part of me sometimes that doesn’t want to find him because then I wouldn’t have to end him. It isn’t a big part, but it’s there, and I wanted—I wanted someone else looking for him. I wanted someone looking who wouldn’t hold back anything, no matter what the consequence.”

Finished, he stands there looking at Sam with damned, dark eyes. He’s waiting for something—for some kind of absolution or forgiveness, maybe—but Sam has nothing to offer. After a minute, Bobby seems to realize that and, hauling in a deep breath, nods.

“You find your brother. But I can’t handle losing the both of you together, so you keep yourself safe. No more demons.”

“We’ve been over this,” Sam says. His voice sounds strange in his own ears: too cold and harsh to belong to the man he thought he was. The man he’s rapidly leaving behind.

Bobby tugs his cap lower over his face, shoulders slumping. “Yeah, I guess we have. You’ll call me if you need anything?”

It’s a promise Sam can’t make so he just sits there with his mouth shut, and after a few moments Bobby gets the message.

“Take care of yourself, Sam,” he offers clumsily, and then he’s gone.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Now that Sam is alone again, it’s easy to fall back into his old patterns. The ache in his chest doesn’t lessen, but he starts to get used to it. Sometimes he sits on the subway and thinks about Dean—a tilt of his head; the way he sometimes hunched over his food like he was afraid Sam was going to steal it from him; those slow, genuine smiles Sam saw all too rarely. He lets the memories prod the sore place inside him like an amputee victim relishing the phantom ache of his missing limb, immersing himself in the only sensation left to him.

He wonders when it’s finally going to become too much and push him over the edge. When that band connecting him to Dean is finally going to snap and break him open beyond repair.

And then, almost a month after Sam’s disastrous attempt to conjure himself an answer, his phone rings while he’s picking listlessly at the turkey club he ordered for lunch. The caller id tells him that it’s Bobby. He considers letting it flip over to voicemail and then picks up instead because he’s feeling restless. He’s been spoiling for another fight for the last week or so, wanting to take his mind off of the fact that Dean has been missing for a little over six months now: that it’s been over a year since he last saw his brother alive.

“What,” he snaps.

Either Bobby doesn’t notice the tone of his voice or he thinks Sam is entitled to a little sharpness because his response is level and smooth. “I’ve got a name for you, Sam. I can’t believe I didn’t think of her sooner, but I really think she might be able to help us find Dean.”

“What?” Sam says again. It’s a whisper. A prayer.

Bobby gives him a name and a warning: “She might be able to help, but you be careful with her. She’s not in the same business we are: she’s a mercenary. Keep your guard up.”

“Yeah, I’ve got it,” Sam says, tossing some money down on the diner counter and pulling on his jacket. “Just tell me where I can find her.”

“Well, that’s the best part. She lives in Queens.”

Sam is already on his way to the bus station when he hangs up with Bobby. He doesn’t know how he’s supposed to pay this mercenary’s fees with his nonexistent funds, but this is the first concrete chance he’s been offered and he has to at least try.

Bela. Bela Talbot.

The name sounds like salvation.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“I wondered how long it would take you to show up.”

It’s the first thing she says to him, beautiful and sprawled on a white sofa that probably cost more than all of Sam’s possessions combined. Her place looks like crap from the outside: a six story brick building with the front door hanging askew and the lower windows boarded up. The first three floors are empty; the last three aren’t really separate floors at all but one big loft.

Even in the midst of his anxiety, Sam finds it a little mind-boggling. It must have cost a small fortune to set this up: buying a building and renovating the top floors. Doing it quietly enough that she wouldn’t have to deal with petty thieves trying to rip her off all the time.

“You knew I was coming?” Sam asks, edging inside cautiously. The loft isn’t cramped by any means, but he’s never been more aware of his size and occasional bouts of clumsiness. Keeps thinking of the way that the employees of the curio-shops Jess liked to poke through looked at him with slight, worried frowns whenever he stepped through the door.

Bela offers him an amused smile that tells him she knows what he’s thinking and says, “Shut the door before you let the cat out.”

Sam does and then stands there awkwardly, looking at all of the art she has hanging on her walls, and the statues, and the display cases of mystical crap that all has to be worth a fortune, and not a small one either. He isn’t worried about breaking something anymore, too overcome with the devastating realization that he isn’t anywhere close to affording her. Absurdly, he finds himself thinking of Lucy and Charlie Brown and that damned football.

“Can I offer you a drink?” Bela asks. She rises and pads into the kitchen and Sam follows, chest twisting with the urge to throw himself at her feet and beg—offer anything, everything, if she’ll just help him get his brother back. Everything is bright and clean in Bela’s kitchen, the counters immaculate and the cat prowling along them as impeccably groomed as its mistress.

Sam stands next to the island with his hands shoved into his pockets like a grubby-fingered kid and is too bewildered—too frantic—to do anything but blurt, “I need your help.”

Bela spares him a glance, one eyebrow arched, as she sets two glasses on the counter. “Of course you do. Otherwise you wouldn’t be here, would you?”

“Yes, I.” Sam makes himself stop, takes a moment to collect his thoughts, and then says, “Bobby Singer gave me your name. He said you might be able to help me find my brother, but I don’t know if I can afford—”

“Whisky on the rocks,” she interrupts, handing him one of the glasses. He takes it with the same ingrained response on which people who hand out flyers on street corners rely and she tips her own glass against his with a musical clink. “To profitable ventures. Cheers.”

Sam can’t find it in him to return the sentiment, but he doesn’t want to annoy her so he forces a mouthful of the whisky down. It stings all the way.

“Look, my brother’s missing,” he says as soon as his mouth is free. “He was taken from—”

“Powder, yes I know.” She gives the cat a single, absent pet and then heads back into her living room while sipping on her drink.

“Did Bobby call you?” Sam asks, confused. Bobby hadn’t mentioned anything like that, but he can’t figure out how else she would know so much about Dean’s kidnapping.

“No,” Bela says, and then lets out a short sigh as she stops in the middle of the living room and turns around. “Look, you’re going to hear about this sooner or later, so let’s cut to the chase and make it sooner. I know where Dean was taken because I helped set up the removal.”

Sam hears his glass break on the floor before he knows he’s moved. He sprints across the room, not feeling clumsy at all at present, and collides with Bela, dashing her own glass out of her hand. It thuds onto the rug but doesn’t break as he shoves her backwards and down onto her expensive sofa. She goes, unresisting, and a moment later he has the muzzle of his gun pressed into the soft flesh underneath her chin.

Distantly, Sam is taken aback by how angry he is—even angrier than he was that day six months ago at Bobby’s—but he’s too overwhelmed by rage to think of much beyond the red pulse of Bela’s beautiful, calm face. Bitch.

“Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t kill you,” he snarls, and almost hopes she won’t be able to come up with one. Months of searching, and he finally has his hands on one of the fuckers who took his brother. Who lured him and drugged him and shoved him, unconscious and helpless, into the back of an unregistered SUV.

“Tad cliché, aren’t you?” Bela asks. Her voice is far too calm for Sam’s sanity and he shoves the gun harder into her skin until she winces. “All right, you’ve made your point. Look, I can help you get your brother back. Or aren’t you interested in that anymore?”

Sam’s finger strains at the trigger—he wants to pull it, wants to hurt this bitch who hurt his brother—and then he forces himself to shift back. His muscles are trembling, and he’s so angry that it’s making him nauseous. “Where is he?”

Bela puts one hand on his chest, edging him back enough so that she can sit up. “I’m not precisely certain,” she says, adjusting her hair. Then, before he can shove her back down, she adds, “But I can find out.”

“Do that,” Sam says. “Now.”

“My sources are a tad shy. We have to wait until dark to contact them. While we wait, we can talk fees.” She offers him a broad smile.

“You sold my brother out and now you want to charge me to get him back?” Sam demands incredulously.

Bela rolls her shoulders in a shrug. “I’m a businesswoman, Sam. I can’t do something for nothing.”

“How much did you charge them?”

“It was a ‘him’, actually, and three hundred thousand dollars.”

It’s more than Megan Capel was paid, and it still isn’t anywhere near enough. Sam’s rage crests to a painful, blinding flare of white—needs some form of release—and he reaches out and grabs a glass statue sitting on Bela’s coffee table. Tosses it across the room where it shatters on the floor. He stares at the shards, breathless, and sees his brother’s staggering, drugged form mirrored in each one.

“If it would make you feel better, you can smash everything in here,” Bela tells him.

Laughing hoarsely, Sam buries his face in his hands.

Bela is silent for a few minutes, giving him time to try to collect himself, and then she says, “About a year ago, I was approached by a client who wanted to make an acquisition.”

“Name,” Sam demands, lifting his head again. The shards of Bela’s statue glitter at him, empty.

“Vincent Camargo, not that it would mean anything to you. You don’t exactly move in the same circles.” It isn’t said with any particular condescension: just a statement of fact. “Do you mind if I get myself another drink?”

“Knock yourself out,” Sam mutters, adjusting his grip on the gun. If she tries to bolt for the door, he’ll shoot her in the leg, but he doesn’t think she will. She knew he was coming, after all. She could have run before he got here. She could have refused to buzz him in. She could have shot him as he walked through the door.

He’s going to have to trust that she’s at least willing to talk to him: give him some answers. Of course, this ‘Vincent’ could be on his way here right now to take care of Sam himself, but that’s a risk Sam is going to have to take. He needs Bela’s help, as distasteful as that idea is, and they both know it.

Bela rises smoothly, and as she heads back toward the kitchen she continues, “Vincent told me that the target was very dangerous and not to be harmed, and I did some research and worked out several scenarios for him. He chose the one he thought would have the best chance at succeeding, paid me for my time, and here you are.”

She falls silent and Sam watches as she pours herself a new glass of whiskey. He looks at the graceful line of her neck, and the sweep of her hair. He’s never hit a woman, but he’s really fucking tempted to hit this one. One bruise for every day Dean has been missing. It wouldn’t be justice, but it would at least be a start.

“You can have details if you want them,” Bela adds as she screws the cap back on the bottle.

“No,” Sam rasps, and then clears his throat and repeats, more loudly, “No.” He saw what happened to Dean: he doesn’t need anything more specific. It won’t help get Dean back, and it’s only going to unbalance him further. He’s having enough trouble keeping his temper already.

Bela nods and then stands there sipping her drink. Her glittering eyes watch him over the top of the glass. Calculating. Cautious.

Letting him know that it’s his move.

Sam knows what he has to ask. What he both longs to know and yet dreads to uncover. His eyes drift back to the glass littering the floor and he makes himself say it.

“What did he want Dean for? What’s he been doing to my brother?”

“I don’t ask that kind of question,” Bela answers. “It’s bad for business.”

Of course it is.

But Sam feels a tiny pulse of relief all the same. For a little while longer, he doesn’t have to deal with the knowledge of just how Dean is being tortured, or used, or broken. He’ll be seeing the damage soon enough, now that he’s found Bela. Whether she wants to help him or not.

He tightens his grip on the gun.

“I’m sorry,” Bela says into the silence.

Sam’s jaw clenches and he looks up to find that she’s moved a little closer and is standing in the no-man’s land between the kitchen and the living room. She’s looking at him with a sincere, genuine expression of pity and regret, and she doesn’t get to look like that. Not after what she’s done.

“You’re sorry?” he repeats, pushing himself up to his feet and advancing on her. “Twenty two people died so that you could lure Dean here—”

“I didn’t have a hand in that,” Bela protests, but Sam keeps right on going, backing her up against the island and looming over her.

“—and you sold my brother. You fucking sold him! Like some kind of animal.”

He doesn’t touch her. If he touches her, he’s going to hit her, and if he hits her, he’s going to end up using the gun he’s still holding in his right hand. He needs her alive. He needs her help to find Dean. That knowledge is enough—barely—to keep him in line, but it isn’t enough to stop the furious, vengeful tremors from wracking his muscles.

“You’re right, I did,” Bela agrees, looking up at him with liquid, honest eyes. “And I can’t undo that. But I can try to make amends.”

She sounds so sincere, and Sam wants to believe her—God, does he want to—but this show of repentance is almost too genuine. Like a play put on for his benefit.

Or maybe he’s just finding it difficult trusting the person who’s responsible for his brother’s kidnapping.

“Why should I believe you even give a shit?” Sam demands. “You didn’t have a problem selling him six months ago.”

“Put the gun away and I’ll tell you.”

Sam hesitates. He doesn’t know her. Doesn’t—can’t—trust her.

Bela rolls her eyes, moves suddenly, and is holding a small revolver—where the fuck did she get that?—against his chest. She offers him a tight smile as he blinks down at her.

“Now, I’ve been very cooperative, Sam, and I understand that you’re worried about your brother, but I don’t appreciate being held at gunpoint in my own home.”

It takes all of Sam’s willpower but he manages to put the safety on and tuck his gun away at the small of his back.

“Good boy,” Bela murmurs, offering him a smile that doesn’t reach her eyes. She lays her own gun on the counter and then slips away and heads over to the bookcase sitting kitty-corner in the living room. Pausing in front of it, she trails one hand along worn spines that belong to antique books that look just as expensive as everything else she owns.

“I’ll help you get your brother back for the Colt,” she announces.

“The Colt?” Sam repeats stupidly. He’s have difficulty keeping up with the conversation, too preoccupied with keeping the urge to tie Bela down and bleed her for what she did to Dean under lock and key. God, he almost wishes she wasn’t cooperating.

“Non timebo mala?” Bela prompts. “Kills demons?”

“But it’s useless: there aren’t any bullets left.”

Bela tosses a pitying look over her shoulder. “You haven’t ever bargained with someone before, have you?” she says, and then before he can respond, adds, “Are you willing to trade the Colt for your brother or aren’t you?”

“Of course,” Sam says. “You can have it. It just, uh, seems a little too good to be true.”

“Well, the gun is just part of my payment. The other half is freeing your brother.” When she turns around, she’s holding a book in her hands. It’s bound in dark red leather and there’s an arrow on the front cover. No, not an arrow: a rune. Teiwaz.

Sam’s breath catches. “That’s—”

“Tyr’s Bible, yes. I acquired it two months ago.” She soothes her hands over the cover lovingly.

“I thought it didn’t exist. I thought it was just a legend.” If he had even suspected otherwise, he would have torn the world apart looking for it.

According to legend, the book that Bela is holding was written by the god Tyr himself. It describes his battle with the wolf Fenrir, and the battle’s aftermath: describes the first union of man and animal spirit. If there’s a cure anywhere—some way to reverse the soul bleed—then it’s there.

Dean’s salvation in Bela’s well-manicured hands.

Sam moves forward, reaching, and Bela immediately holds the book over her head. As if that’s going to stop him from taking it. As if anything but death is going to stand between him and that book.

“It’s warded,” she says quickly. “If anyone but me touches it, it’ll be no more than a pile of ash.”

That stops him.

“There are quite a few interesting things in here,” she continues when she sees that he isn’t going to come any closer. “If I’d known what it meant that the wolf chose Dean, I never would have taken the job. Not for any amount of money. I don’t traffic in human souls.”

She’s telling the truth about refusing the job: Sam can feel it in his bones. But she’s lying about why.

Does it matter? he asks himself, staring at the book. The answer—of course it fucking matters—comes back instantly.

Bela’s after something here, and it isn’t absolution. She lied to him about knowing what Vincent wanted Dean for, and she’s lying now about why she’s willing to help Sam get him back for nothing more than a gun that no longer works. She’s dangerous, and can’t be trusted.

But she’s all he has.

Sam licks his lips and asks, “Is there a cure in there? Some kind of reversal ritual?”

Bela regards him blankly for a moment and then her lips twitch up in a too-bright smile. “Why, would you like to buy it?”

“I … how much?”

Bela stares into his eyes, and Sam knows she can see the desperation there. His need. Then she turns and slides the book back into its proper place on the shelf.

“You can’t afford it,” she tells him. “But I might be willing to sell it to your brother, once he’s his own man again.”

Sam doesn’t know what Dean could possibly offer Bela that he can’t: has a feeling that he wouldn’t like the answer if he did. But it’s a chance.

“So, are you going to let me help you?”

Sam meets her eyes and admits, “I don’t have a choice.” The words grit against his throat like sand.

“No, you don’t.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
In the end, Bela’s mysterious ‘sources’ are anticlimactic. She picks up a black ball, shuts her eyes, and shakes it. Then she turns it over, squints down through a window in the bottom, and says, “Las Vegas. Why am I not surprised.”

“Your ‘source’ is a magic eight ball?” Sam demands.

“No, my sources are the spirits. The magic eight ball is just a conduit.” She tosses the ball onto her couch and flops down beside it. “Be a dear and make us some reservations, will you? First class? There’s a boy.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
It’s tomorrow morning and they’re 37,000 feet up and well on their way before Lewis Ferron’s bloodied, pain-wracked face suddenly fills Sam’s mind. He glances over at Bela, who is half-dozing in the seat next to him, and asks, “How come you could find him?”

She blinks heavy lidded eyes at him and then arches one eyebrow. “Sorry, I don’t quite follow.”

Frowning now, with his muscles tight and thrumming with Bobby’s warning, Sam presses, “The other psychics I tried couldn’t find him.”

Understanding sparks in Bela’s eyes and she shrugs and looks back out the window. “I expect that Vincent has him warded against scrying. But I wasn’t looking for Dean: I was looking for Vincent.”

“How the hell is that supposed to help?” Sam demands. “You can’t know they’re in the same place.”

“Wherever Vincent is, Dean will be,” Bela announces. “Trust me, Sam.”

Sam’s stomach gives a roll at the lazy assurance in her voice, leaving him with the illusion that the plane just hit some turbulence. Trust her, she says. The woman who sold his brother to Vincent without a moment’s hesitation. The woman who’s almost certainly lying to him, who knows Vincent well enough to know that he’ll be with Dean.

What am I doing? he thinks, staring at her profile. What in God’s name am I doing with her?

But he knows what he’s doing: saving Dean the only way available to him. He’s just going to have to be careful. Keep his guard up and both eyes on Bela.

I’m coming, Dean. Just hang on, man.

Sam leans back against his seat and stares up at the ceiling while the plane speeds on, carrying him to Vegas on swift, silver wings.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
They touch down after a bumpy descent just a few minutes before noon. Sam is impatient after months of waiting, can feel Dean’s nearness as a steady pressure on his skin, but Bela brings them first to the Bellagio, where she throws some money and some names around and books them a suite.

Sam tries to insist on having another bed brought up—he wants the assurance that there’s going to be a third person with them soon to use it—but Bela gives him an overly cheerful look and says, “You don’t really think we’re going to be hanging around here once we meet up with your friend, do you?”

It’s a measure of how stressed Sam is that he’s halfway to correcting her—my Dean, my brother, when we rescue him—before belatedly realizing that, although the desk clerk seems to be busy entering information into the computer, he’s undoubtedly listening to their conversation. Sam forces an ‘aw, shucks’ smile on his face. It feels plastic and fake, but Bela’s eyes brighten encouragingly and she turns back to the clerk.

“So,” she says. “I think the Presidential Suite will do just fine as is.”

Sam’s a little taken aback by the sheer size of the suite. It’s bigger than Bobby’s house, it seems, with a foyer and a living room and a dining room with a full bar set up at one end. An honest to God fountain in the foyer. Solarium with an adjoining indoor garden. Across from the L-shaped bar is a long, official looking room that a tiny gold plaque on the wall helpfully labels the ‘Conference Room’.

“Base of operations,” Bela says, opening the Conference Room door and peering in. “I’ll let the maid service know it’s off limits. It would be helpful if you left your weapons in here when we’re out.”

It’s possibly a little ungrateful, considering that it’s Bela’s case he used to package his semi-automatics in compliance with airline regulations, but Sam tightens his grip on the metal handle. “Who said I was going anywhere unarmed?”

Regarding him calmly, Bela taps one nail against the plaque. “You don’t honestly think that a couple of guns are going to make any difference against these people, do you? If we’re going to get your brother out, then we’ll need brains, not brawn. I was under the impression that you were going to be an asset in that department.” She pauses, tilting her head. “Or was I wrong?”

Sam lets all of his mistrust and hate show on his face for a moment and Bela is startled into taking a single step back before she catches herself.

“They’re not for them,” he says.

Bela’s mouth firms. “I’m not the enemy here, Sam.”

Sam is surprised into a laugh. He doesn’t know if she thinks he’s naive enough to believe that or if she’s just hoping he’ll be blinded by a pair of pretty eyes and a body to match. As if anything she has to offer would ever come close to measuring up to Dean.

“You sold my brother to some rich fuck for three hundred thousand. You helped them drug him, and drag him off the street like an animal. I think I’ll decide who the enemy is.”

“I’m also the one who’s helping you get him back,” Bela points out.

Sam drops his duffle off his shoulder, leaving him unburdened except for the weapons case, and narrows his eyes. “And why is that, again?” he asks.

“I told you: I didn’t have all the information at the time. I’m trying to make up for a mistake.”

“Bad girl with a heart of gold wants to redeem herself, is that it?”

“Of course not,” Bela replies disdainfully. “I’m not a saint, and this isn’t some storybook tale. But that doesn’t mean that I don’t have a conscience, and I’d like to be able to sleep properly at night.”

She looks slightly angry, as if she doesn’t like having to admit to such a weakness. Sam wishes he could believe that the expression is genuine, but it feels too much like a new variation on an old theme. He’s only known Bela for a little more than twenty-four hours, and he’s already tired of pretending to believe her bullshit.

Setting his mouth in a hard line, he demands, “What did Vincent want my brother for?”

Bela’s eyes sharpen for a moment, and then her face eases back into its normal, carefree emptiness. “I told you, Sam. I don’t know. Now toss your things in your room. We’ve got some shopping to do before tonight.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
They don’t go far: just a few blocks over to a gaudy stretch of the Strip that seems entirely devoted to high-end fashion. Sam spots a Dior, and an Armani’s. The women who are strolling down the street are wearing fur and diamonds and carrying tiny, jewel-collared dogs. The men are dressed in suits and impeccably groomed.

Sam is wearing an old pair of jeans, a flannel shirt and three days worth of stubble. He understands, in a vague way, that if he still cared about anything aside from getting Dean back that he’d be feeling a little out of his depth right now. As it is, he just glances at Bela and asks, “What are we doing here?”

“Getting you some proper attire,” Bela answers, taking Sam by the arm and leading him into a shop with a pink, flashing Andre’s over the door.

A man with fuzz-short blond hair and a white suit appears in front of them before Sam can press Bela for a straight answer. The man adjusts his tie, which is as pink as the sign out front, and gives Sam a despairing look. “Oh, honey,” he says, sounding more than a little devastated.

Bela gives Sam a little shove forward. “This is Sam,” she announces. “Sam, this is Andre.”

Andre’s hands twitch forward and Sam starts to take a nervous step backwards, only to run into Bela.

“It’s all right, Sam,” she assures him with no small amount of amusement. “Andre’s the best.”

“I should hope so,” Andre sniffs. He reaches out again and starts unbuttoning Sam’s shirt. Sam slaps the man’s hands away. Utilizes the utmost restraint and doesn’t follow up with a right hook to his jaw.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” he grounds out.

“Grouchy, aren’t you?” Andre says with an affected pout.

“Bela,” Sam growls over his shoulder.

“Just let him do his job, Sam,” Bela says.

Andre reaches forward again and Sam halts him with a frown. After a moment of consideration, he undoes his buttons on his own and shrugs out of his overshirt. Andre whistles low, tracing his eyes over Sam’s chest.

“Well, well. You’re certainly going to clean up nicely.”

Sam glances over his shoulder to glare at Bela again, but she’s drifted off to stroke a black, slinky number that probably costs more than the Impala. He considers leaving now that he isn’t being herded, but he’s reasonably sure that Bela didn’t bring him down here for her own amusement, so instead he clenches his jaw and stands still while Andre whips a strip of measuring tape around his shoulders, waist, and biceps. Finally, after a measured glance between Sam’s hostile face and his crotch, Andre takes a step back and asks several embarrassing questions about length and ‘which way do we normally hang, gorgeous?’

Sam stutters out answers and then lets himself be led to a fitting room that’s larger than some of the motel rooms he and Dean have stayed in. Andre leaves him alone for a few minutes and then reappears with a pile of pants and jackets in his arms. As he hangs them up on the wall, he’s followed in by two other men with similar burdens. Then, with a final wink and an admonition to ‘call if you need anything, hon,’ all three men disappear and shut the door behind them.

“How are you doing, Sam?” Bela calls somewhere between the fourth and fifth suit.

“Fine,” Sam answers shortly, and then pulls off the jacket and tosses it across the room.

He doesn’t know how Andre expects him to be able to move in those things. They’re practically plastered to his skin. Make him feel twitchy and uncomfortable. Exposed. After trying on three more suits, he finds a pair of pants that actually fit and reaches for the shirt and jacket with a certain amount of relief. Then he gets them on and realizes that it isn’t a suit after all.

“What the hell do I need a tux for?” Sam calls as he tries to figure out the bowtie. He hasn’t had to knot one of these since his senior prom, and he couldn’t manage it then either; Dean had to do it for him. His hands stutter and then stop as he remembers the look of amusement on his brother’s face: the easy, methodical way he worked through the looping knot.

Dean’s always had clever hands.

“Because you want to fit in tonight,” Bela says.

Sam jumps, whirling around to find her in the dressing room with him. He pulls the jacket closed. Feels a flush creeping up his throat. “How long have you been there?”

“Long enough to tell that you’re hopelessly inept. Here.” She steps closer and lifts his chin up with one hand, eyes focused on the dangling ends of the bowtie. Her fingers perform some intricate dance—faster than Dean’s, more impatient—and Sam is suddenly having difficulty breathing.

“Little tight,” he gasps.

Bela steps back and smoothes down his jacket. “It’s supposed to be.” She draws her gaze up and down his body with a critical tilt to her eyebrows. Then, pursing her lips, she gives a nod. “You’ll do. We’ll take this and, hrm, five of the suits—any of the black or charcoals. I’ll have Andre pick out some ties.”

She turns to leave, but her words have finally sunk in through Sam’s bewilderment. Grabbing her wrist, he yanks her back from the door.

“’Fit in tonight’?” he says. “Where the hell are we going?”

Bela’s mouth goes thin and hard. “Let go of me,” she insists.

Sam just tightens his grip. She isn’t going to pull a gun on him in the store, and she isn’t going to call for help if he gets a little violent. If she did, the police would inevitably get involved, and she needs him just as much as he needs her. That realization stuns him for a moment, and he rolls it around in his head, tasting it.

For the past twenty-four hours, he’s been so focused on how much he needs her that he completely missed out on the fact that the reverse is also true. She wants something from Dean, and in order to get it she needs to get him away from Vincent. And to do that, she needs Sam’s help. She needs him and she hates it, and she’s been keeping back information because she knows it’s driving him nuts and she’s deriving some bitter satisfaction from pissing him off. Amusing herself with his pain.

Smug, sadistic, sociopathic bitch.

“Tell me,” he demands. “Tell me what’s going to happen tonight.” When Bela remains defiantly silent, he twists her wrist hard enough to make her arrogant mask slip in a wince.

“Vincent Camargo is an entertainer,” she says, voice clipped with anger. “He caters to the wealthy, anything they want. Exotic hunts, illegal substances, high class prostitutes, gambling.”

“Which of those categories does Dean fall under?” Sam can feel the bones in her wrist grating together: she’ll be wearing his fingerprints like a bracelet in a few hours. He finds the thought oddly satisfying.

“I told you, I don’t know.”

“You’re lying.” Sam draws her closer and offers her a tight smile. “Now, you can either start telling me the truth, or I can break your wrist. Your choice.”

Bela hisses in pain as Sam bends her hand just a little bit further and then snaps, “He wanted Dean for the Arena.”

“The Arena,” Sam repeats. She tries to pull her hand out of his grip and he hangs on. Digs his nails into her skin. “Which is what, exactly?”

Bela gives up struggling and stands there panting, her cheeks flushed with a combination of pain and anger. “Think of it as human cock-fighting,” she bites out.

Sam stares at her. He doesn’t know how he’s supposed to feel. On the one hand, it’s better than he was expecting: better than Dean being tortured or fucked or hunted like he’s nothing more than exotic game. On the other, it’s just so totally and completely fucked up.

“You sold my brother to some kind of underground fight club?” he blurts. “Are you insane?”

“If this is how you’re going to react, I’m glad I told you now,” Bela hisses back. “Pull a scene like this tonight and you’ll completely blow our cover.” She tries to pull her hand free again and Sam refuses to let go. He just had a nasty, unpleasant thought.

“To the death?” he says. “Is it to the death?”

“Vincent modeled the Arena after the ancient gladiatorial contests. He lets the audience decide the fate of the loser.”

Sam thinks about the type of person liable to seek out ‘entertainment’ like that, and knows that if Dean’s still alive, he’s had to kill. More than once. If there’s a way to hurt Dean more than that—to shove a knife inside of his soul and shred up everything that makes him who he is: protector, champion, hero—Sam doesn’t know what it is.

“I ought to kill you,” he grates.

“But you won’t,” Bela responds immediately. “You need me to get you in.”

Sam stares down at her and wants to do it anyway. He’s never hated anyone before, has never known how, but Bela’s a good teacher. He could leave her a red smear on the dressing room wall and sleep nightmare free.

In the end, though, she’s right, and necessity forces him to open his hand.

She steps back as soon as he releases her, rubbing at her wrist gingerly, and stands just out of reach.

“Can we get him out tonight?” Sam asks.

Bela shakes her head. “I’ll need at least a week to set things up. And I need to get a look at the facility; see what kind of security we’re up against.”

Sam nods, jaw locked on a frustrated scream. After a moment, the pressure in his throat lessens and he’s able to say, “If he dies—if you fuck this up or double cross us in any way—I’ll kill you.”

Bela blinks at him, that high color still in her cheeks, and then nods. “Fair enough.”