Title: My Girlfriend Is Such A Tease




Summary: My girlfriend drives me crazy




Keywords:  oral, fiction,incest





My girlfriend and I have been going out for over a year. She's the biggest tease on the planet. We'll be making out and getting all hot and heavy and she'll get me all excited, but then will say "she's tired or not in the mood." I have blue balls most of the time, because she never has sex with me. It's not like she's a virgin or anything. She's nineteen and just likes me to pleasure her.

A few times after a lot of begging, she will suck my cock for a little while. Sometimes, I just get so excited and have to come down her throat. She hates that and always spits my come out. She's really starting to give me quite a complex. 

I dont know why she does these things, but it really pisses me off. I guess the reason I put up with her is because shes a knock out. Shes absolutely gorgeous and has a set of knockers that are to die for. 

Of course, she enjoys lots of attention to her and her body, but never puts out. Im getting tired of it and Im really needing to get laid. I do love her and we see each other every day. Im always hoping that shell be horny and would want to fuck around. We haven't had sex in months.

** 

David, that feels so good. Lick my clit some more. Im going to come soon. 

You know, I want you to give me a blow job! Ive been licking your pussy for hours. Im getting tired of you always saying youre tired after I make you come. 

I suck your cock plenty. Im going to get lock jaw, if I do it anymore. 

Honey, if youd get lock jaw that would be an improvement. Ive never seen a girl be such a tease. Weve been dating for over a year. If you dont start putting out soon, Ill find myself another girl who will. 

Good luck with that. Im tired now and need a nap. 

Of course, you are. Im going downstairs to get a beer. 

Fine! Ill be asleep when you come back. 

I grabbed my boxers and then went downstairs to get a beer. I of course had an erection. Lisa never really ever takes care of my needs. When I grabbed the beer, who is standing in back of me, but Lisas stepmother. 

Jesus! You have an erection and are walking around in your underwear in my house. What the hell is wrong with this picture? 

Mrs. Redner, I didnt know you were home. Im so sorry! 

This is my home and I can be here whenever I want to be here. 

I didnt know you were here. Im really sorry! 

Looks like my stepdaughter didnt take care of you. 

No! She rarely does. Lisa is the biggest tease on the planet. 

Well, maybe you need an older woman to have sex with. 

With that, Mrs. Redner started to rub at my boxer shorts. She pulled my boxer shorts down and held my cock. 

What are you doing, Mrs. Redner? 

Im going to pleasure you. It seems my stepdaughter doesnt know how to pleasure her boyfriend and has left him with a huge erection."

Mrs. Redner was wearing her blue business suit and her heels. She got down on her knees and stroked my cock. She moved her fingers up and down my hard shaft. She looked into my eyes and wrapped her pink lipstick lips around my cock. She seemed to like my cock and brought it down as far as she could take me. She didnt gag once, like Lisa did. She was holding my balls while she stuffed her mouth with my meat. 

She had my entire cock in her mouth. She was making all kinds of wet, sucking, popping noises while she blew me. I had never had such an amazing blow job ever in my life. I held her hair to watch her suck my cock. Her cheeks were bulging, spit oozed from the corners of her mouth. She was holding my hips and I started to fuck her face.

She kept pace with me and then she pushed two of her fingers into my anus. I never felt anything like that before. In fact, when she did that, I felt a lot of pressure which made me want to come. I let out a moan and started to ejaculate in her mouth. 

Fuck! Im coming! Fucking hell! 

Mrs. Redner swallowed the load of come that I blew down her throat. 

Fuck! That was fucking amazing! 

Mrs. Redner stood up and started to kiss me deep and passionately. I could taste my come on her lips. She had her hands on my cock and continued to play with my dick. She stroked my cock over and over again. I felt high having this woman touch my cock like she did. It didnt take long for me to get hard again. She seemed horny and interested in fucking me. I sure as hell wasnt going to say no. 

Ive got to fuck you now. Help me take my clothes off. 

I unbuttoned Mrs. Redners suit jacket and unbuttoned her white blouse. I unclasped her bra and released her gorgeous and very full breasts. I unzipped her skirt and she stepped out of it. She was wearing thigh high stockings and her heels. She wasnt wearing any panties. Her bald pussy looked scrumptious. 

We continued kissing and I started to rub her bare pussy which she seemed to like. 

Finger fuck me! Get my pussy wet, so you can fuck me! 

Mrs. Redner put her heel up on the kitchen chair and I stood behind her and pushed my fingers up inside of her pussy. I finger fucked her cunt hard. 

Fuck! That feels so good! 

Your pussy is so fucking wet. Fucking hell! 

I fingered her cunt and then brought my fingers to her mouth and she sucked on them. Mrs. Redner then walked over to the island in her kitchen and bent over. I went behind her and pushed my cock into her dripping wet pussy. I moved my cock in and out of her wet cunt. 

Fucking hell! Fuck me harder, David! Spank my buttocks! 

Spank, Spank, Spank 

Fuck! Do it some more! 

Spank, Spank, Spank 

I couldnt believe how wet Mrs. Redner was getting while I spanked her. Her pussy was dripping wet while I thrusted in and out of her pussy. 

Oh God! Finger my asshole! I want to come for you. 

I pushed my fingers into her asshole while I jammed my cock in and out of her pussy. 

Ive got to come! Where do you want it? 

Come in my mouth! 

I pulled out of her pussy and Mrs. Redner got back down on her knees and I stuffed her mouth with my cock. 

Fuck! Im coming! Holy hell! 

I blasted her mouth with more of my come. Mrs. Redner swallowed it all down and then the worst thing happened. Lisa was standing in the hallway with her robe on and her mouth wide open. 

What the fuck is going on here? 

Im taking care of your boyfriend. You know Lisa, you cant tease men all the time. Theyll look for others who will please them. This is your own fault. 

I cant believe you had sex with my stepmother. I wondered where you went. 

I told you, I cannot lick your pussy and get you off all the time. A guy needs to have sex too. Weve been going together for over a year. All you do is tease me. I go home with blue balls every damn night. Youre hot stepmother wanted to fuck me. I sure as hell wasnt going to say no."

I just dont like sex as much as you. I have a headache now! Im going to bed. You better go home tonight, David. I cant look at you right now. 

I dont want to be here with you either. Im sick of your shit. Just because youre a hot girl, dont think that I cant find another girlfriend. In fact, Im breaking up with you. Im going to get myself some pussy and its not going to be yours! 

Please dont break up with me. I promise to try harder. 

Im still leaving for now. I cant look at you right now. Were not breaking up, but you better put out or get out. I mean it, Lisa. Im tired of all your nonsense. Youre nineteen and not a virgin. You act holier than a god damn nun. Thank you, Mrs. Redner. I had so much fun. 

Youre welcome, dear. 
**

David went back upstairs to Lisas room and got his clothes and then he left. I knew I had to do damage control with my stepdaughter. I knew she needed a little love. Lisa wasnt crying, but I could tell she was very upset. Lisa ran up to her room and slammed her door.

Knock, Knock 

What do you want? Youve fucked my boyfriend! He obviously wants you now. 

Let me in, I want to talk to you. 

Lisa opened the door and then went back to her bed and pulled the covers over her head. 

You know it was going to happen eventually. You cant always tell people no. Men do not like teases. 

I just dont like sex so much. I cant stand that he always wants to have sex. I love oral sex and love for him to do that. 

You cant expect him to give you oral sex all the time. You need to relax a little. Why dont you come into my room and will go into the Jacuzzi tub together. Ill put some bubbles in and Ill get us some wine. 

You arent going to put the moves on me? Youre my stepmother. 

I may be your stepmother, but all that means is were not related. Let me show you how to enjoy sex. 

Fine! 

Lisa pulled the covers off and got out of bed. She was in her silk robe and followed me into my bedroom. She sat on my bed while I got the tub ready. I put some bubbles into the Jacuzzi tub and turned the water on. I made sure the water was nice and warm. I then ran downstairs and opened a bottle of wine and got some wine glasses and brought them back up to my room. I poured the wine and put them on the ledge by the tub. 

Lisa is nineteen and moved in with her father and me when she was seventeen. Her mother passed away and she needed somebody to live with. Her mother was battling lung cancer and finally died. 

Lisa has just floundered a lot after her mother died. She was taking classes at college, but then decided to take a few years off and find herself. She does have a job, but nothing that pays real well. She has gotten used to her father giving her money and taking care of her. 

Lisa, the bath is ready. Come on dear, get in. 

Okay! 

Lisa then took off her robe and slipped into the warm bath. 

Oh! This feels so nice! 

I then got into the tub with her and also took a glass of wine. We both drank our wine while enjoying the warm bubbles. 

I want to wash your hair. 

That sounds so nice, Kathy. 

Itll be my pleasure. 

Lisa has the most beautiful blond curls. She has shoulder length hair with these amazing spiral curls. She has the bluest eyes youve ever seen. She is 56 but very petite. Lisa has been blessed with an amazing chest. She always wears very tight shirts and has gotten used to the attention she gets with people eyeballing her breasts. Shes a complete flirt, but an absolute tease. 

I took a pitcher that I had by the side of the tub and rinsed my stepdaughters hair. I then squeezed some nice smelling shampoo into my palm and washed her hair. I gave her a wonderful scalp massage. I then filled the pitcher with more water and rinsed her hair. I grabbed the conditioner and squeezed some into my palm. I then started to scrub her hair to get the conditioner all into her scalp. 

That feels so nice! 

I grabbed the pitcher and rinsed her hair again. She had drank two glasses of wine while I washed her hair. She seemed really relaxed. I moved closer to her in the tub and moved her face towards mine. I leaned in and kissed my stepdaughter. She opened her mouth right up to me and I shoved my tongue down her mouth. Our tongues danced in each others mouth. 

Youre the best kisser, Kathy. 

Sit on my lap, Lisa. 

Lisa then moved and sat on my lap. I continued to kiss her and now I held and rubbed at her big and beautiful breasts. I pulled her nipples and made them stand at attention. 

That feels so good. You have amazing hands. 

I know you love to have people touch your breasts. 

I really do! It makes my pussy so wet. 

I squeezed her breasts together and then I moved my head down to suck at her nipples. My stepdaughter was moaning and groaning. She then took my hand and put it over her pussy. 

Finger my pussy, Kathy! 

I knew my stepdaughter loved all the attention on her. I was massaging her breasts and fingering her pussy. She was drinking her wine and acting like Cleopatra. This is what shed do with her boyfriend. Of course, she never puts out. But, today she was going to be putting out for me, she just didnt know it yet. 

Lets go to my bed. I want to pleasure you now. 

Okay! 

We both got out of the tub and we wrapped the fluffy towels that I had put out for us. We dried each other and then walked to the bedroom. We stood in front of each other and shared a passionate kiss. 

I took Lisas towel off of her and she got comfortable on the bed. I removed my towel and got between her legs. She had the sweetest little pussy. I rubbed her pussy all over and spent time on her clitoris. 

Fuck! That feels so good. 

Relax! Let me take care of you. 

Okay! 

I played with her pussy with my fingers and her cunt was reacting and starting to get wet. She was moaning as I rubbed her clitoris. I then pushed my tongue up inside of her and began to tongue fuck her tight pussy. 

Yes! Thats it. Fuck! 

I tongue fucked her and she had wrapped her legs around my neck. She was moaning and groaning and enjoying all my efforts. She let out a scream and came on my tongue. I lapped up all her delicious cream. 

Please dont stop! Keep licking my pussy! 

Ill be right back. 

I got up and went into my closet and pulled out a bag. I went into the bathroom and put my strap-on cock on and then went back to the bed where Lisa was. 

What the fuck is that? You know I dont like to have sex! Come back and lick my pussy. I think Ill have a few more orgasms, but you need to lick my pussy more. 

Its a strap-on cock and youll be having sex. Im going to fuck you very slowly and youre going to love it. Let me show you how to love sex. You cant expect that boy to be your boyfriend forever with you not fucking him. Youre not a damn virgin. Stop acting like one! 

Fine! 

I then went back to the bed and I held my stepdaughter. We kissed passionately while I held her beautiful breasts. Lisa put her hand over my hand and we played with her breasts. We both were cupping and massaging them. I then put my fingers back inside of her pussy and started to finger her some more. 

Fuck! 

She really loved to be eaten out and fingered, but for some reason did not enjoy sex. I got her all nice and creamy and then I got on top of her and slid my cock into her wet pussy. I continued to kiss her and play with her breasts, while I started to thrust into her pussy very slowly. He legs were now at her sides and my cock was deep inside of her. Her pussy was making all kids of squelching noises. She seemed to love my cock deep inside of her. 

Fuck! Your pussy is so wet. I want you to come on my cock. Fuck me back! Move your hips while I fuck you. 

My stepdaughter started to move her hips and was working with me. We were in good rhythm with each other, while I thrusted my cock in and out of her cunt. I sucked and bit down on her nipples which was making her moan and groan. Lisa was fingering her clit while I fucked her nice tight cunt. 

Im coming! Fucking hell! 

Lisa had an orgasm and came hard on my cock. I continued to fuck her hard. She was moaning and groaning. 

Get on your hands and knees! 

I pulled out of her and she got on her hands and knees. 

I got behind her and slid my cock into her pussy and fucked her hard. She seemed to really like getting fucked. I had no idea why she had been holding out on her boyfriend. She was like a little sex kitten now. Her pussy had orgasm after orgasm on my cock. 

Do you like being my little bitch? 

Yes! Fuck me harder! 

I continued to fuck my stepdaughter harder with my cock. She was moaning like a cat in heat. Her pussy was making all kinds of noises. 

Youre so wet and seem to love my cock. Come for me again and Ill lick your pussy. 

In and out I was fucking my stepdaughter. I would take my cock out and then jam it harder back into her bald pussy. I pushed my fingers into her anus while I fucked her wet cunt. 

Fuck! Im coming! 

I pulled out of her pussy and rolled her over. I drank her pussy juices down. I was slurping on her sweet juice. I pushed my tongue up inside of her and her dream cream came pouring out of her. 

Kathy, youre amazing with that cock of yours. I dont think David ever fucked me like that. 

You never let him. 

Well if I did, hed never be able to do it like you. 

Try him some time. Hes a wonderful lover. I think you might be surprised. 

Id rather you fuck me with your cock. 

Maybe invite him over and we can both fuck you. I bet youd like one in your pussy and one up your ass. 

Perhaps. For now though, just lick my pussy and play with my breasts. 

Im done licking your pussy and playing with your breasts. Why dont you get between my legs and lick my pussy? 

Im not a lesbian and I dont eat pussy. 

Really! So its okay for me to eat your pussy, but you wont lick mine? 

Yes! 

Youll get between my legs and lick my pussy. Ive licked your pussy for hours. Now I want to come. 

I dont want to lick your pussy. 

Get between my legs now and lick my pussy! 

No! 

Do it now! 

What will you give me to lick your pussy? Im not licking it for nothing. 

What do you have in mind? 

How about you lick my pussy for another hour and then Ill lick your pussy. 

Im not going to lick your pussy for another minute. Youll get between my legs and lick me into an orgasm. Do it now! 

I want you to lick mine again. 

Lisa, get between my legs! 

I stood up and removed my strap-on cock and got comfortable on the bed. I was still arguing with my stepdaughter to lick my pussy. I really was finding her to be quite high maintenance. 

We can lay in sixty-nine position and we can both lick each others pussies. 

That sounds better! 

My stepdaughter got on top of me and she finally started to lick at my pussy. Her tongue went up and down over my pussy lips. I did the same thing to her moving my tongue all over her sweet lips. She really did have quite a lovely pussy. 

We both pushed our tongues inside of our vaginas and tongue fucked each other. We were both grinding our pussies into the others face. We licked and sucked on each others pussies. My stepdaughter had several orgasms while I licked her cunt. I drank her juices down. 

I finally had an orgasm and Lisa was drinking my juices down too. We were enjoying each other for an hour or so. My stepdaughter loved to have oral sex and continued to have multiple orgasms. I could see why her boyfriend got tired of all her games. I was kind of getting tired of licking her cunt too. 

Lisa, get off of me now. I cant lick your pussy any more. Im exhausted. 

Fuck! I licked your pussy and still require more. 

I need to take a shower and prepare for my case tomorrow. Ive licked your pussy enough. Why dont you fuck your boyfriend and perhaps hed lick your pussy. 

I dont want to fuck him. I like when you do it. Please will you lick my pussy some more? 

Maybe tomorrow! I really have to shower now. 

Where is daddy? When is he coming home? 

Your father is out of town tonight. Hell be back in a few days. 

Youre not going to tell daddy about us being together are you? 

Lisa, why would I tell your father that we were together? I dont think he would approve. 

Okay! Just dont tell him. I dont want him thinking I like girls. 

Its okay to like girls. Theres nothing wrong with it. 

I dont really like girls, I just like you. 

I have to shower now. Goodnight, dear. 

Goodnight, Kathy. 

Lisa finally got up and went back to her room. I couldnt believe what a high maintenance princess my stepdaughter was. She really needed an attitude adjustment. I wondered if shed be with her boyfriend, or if I now had a new lover. I guess time would tell.



to be continued....


pics---->> http://bit.ly/1D1q3qp
