Masturbation Nation
byslavetocuckold©

She often loved to masturbate.

In fact she loved it so much that if the urge took her, no matter where she was she would always find a way to masturbate. She was incredibly attractive, in her late twenties with a fit, toned body, tanned skin, very long legs, she had shoulder length black hair and big brown eyes. 

Born a natural exhibitionist she really didn't care much if any one noticed when she had the urge to play with herself, after all that was a good part of the turn on for her, the thrill at the thought of getting caught, or better still to actually be caught. Even the thought that somebody was watching her even if she could not see them.

She first discovered her "kink" at around the age of 16 while still living with her parents. She would often sneak into the lounge room late at night to watch old horror movies where there would be some helpless woman being stalked by Vampires in a white sheer negligee with heaving pale breasts that could barely be contained by the woman's night wear. The crotch of her panties becoming more and damp as she watched. At first she would gently tense her thighs just slightly making the warm, wet tingle between her legs intensify. Then as she became more aroused she would slowly tease herself, softly stroking the damp material of her cotton panties with her fingers with the softest, lightest of touch until the point came where she could no longer stand it. Well aware her strict Christian parents would punish her severely if she were to be caught she would slip her hand down her panties and relish in the hot, slippery first touch of her now fully aroused cunt.

At the age of seventeen whilst her older brother was visiting home on a break from university with his room mate she made sure the room mate who she thought was cute, accidentally got a good view of her laid on her bed with her panties pulled aside and three fingers buried deep in her cunt. From across the landing from her brother's room he had an uninterrupted view while she frigged herself slowly, her eyes fixed on the bulge in his shorts.

Later after she had experienced college life and grown more mature sexually having had several sexual partners both male and female she took a gap year and went travelling. She longed to escape the claustrophobic town of her upbringing. She saved money from her job at the local greengrocers, bought a tent and set off around England in her car stopping off at all the places she had loved whilst on holiday when she was a child.

One of her favourite "times away," as she called it, was while in the far Southwest she pulled onto a campsite she was familiar with from childhood found a good spot away from the population and pitched her tent. Tired from her seven-hour drive she zipped up the door and fell straight to sleep,

The next morning she woke to hear voices outside and emerging from her tent she discovered a young couple had set up camp just a few meters away, both seemed nice people, around her age, the three greeted each other and after a few days had become friends. 

One particular night she lay in her tent reading her book, when she heard the couple in the tent opposite talking and giggling quietly. It was a hot summer night so she just had the mosquito net door zipped up she could see their tent through the mesh and the silhouette of the couple inside she looked back at her book. A few seconds later she heard a groan. She looked up from her book and could clearly see the man inside the tent with a full erection and his young wife on all fours with her ass in the air gently sucking on the tip of his impressive cock.

She smiled to herself and quietly put her book down to watch the couple. It didn't take long for her to begin to get aroused and lying there in the dark she began to stroke her nipple through her vest top, it became stiff and tingled at her touch. She opened her legs slightly and began to gently rock her hips as she watched the couple, the woman clearly enjoying her husbands cock, as she sucked stroked and licked she had her own hand between her legs fingering herself.

This was getting too much laying here watching and listening alone in the tent, still teasing her nipple she slid her other hand down her tummy and began to softly stroke her damp panties like when she was at home. Her cunt lips began to swell and her clit tingled. She traced her juicy slit through her wet panties with her finger down then up again, her crotch suddenly flooded with her juices. She lifted her ass up and hooking her thumbs over the elasticated waistband of her panties she pulled them down her thighs and kicked them off into oblivion. The moans from the other tent intensified and she could now see the wife straddle her husband and guide his cock into her pussy she slowly lowered herself down his long shaft and began to fuck him slowly her breasts gently bouncing with each undulation.

Legs spread wide now as she watched the couple fuck she spread her cunt with one hand and stroked her soaking slit with the other teasing around her soft hole first with one finger then a second, spreading her hot juices up her slit and slowly wetting her clit. Then teasingly with her fingers gently dipping just the tips into her hot cunt hole. She let out a soft moan as her cunt tightened gently gripping her fingertips. Then she tasted herself, something she loved to do, she loved the taste of her own cunt and in the past she had experimented with her female friends and the first time she ever tasted another females cunt she loved it.

She licked her sweet juices slowly from her fingers if there was something she loved to do it was take her time she loved to tease herself very slowly it made for a more intense orgasm. She returned her hand to her cunt slowly circling her clit with the tip of her index finger. She felt a hot shiver run over her whole body and followed the course of her now burning slit down to her aching hole teasing around it slowly before gently pushing her fingers deep inside, "ohhhhh fuck!" She exclaimed as a mini orgasm gripped her.

She had become so caught up in her own pleasure she had completely forgotten about the couple who were fucking in the other tent. Suddenly she heard the woman say, "SHHHH! Did you hear that?"

The sound of the door being unzipped did not stop her she was far too caught up in what was going on so much so that she did not even notice the couple staring in through the mesh door of her own tent at her open legged fingering her cunt slowly. They had the perfect view of her as she finger fucked herself into what was obviously a mind blowing orgasm. The couple just sat and watched her for a few minutes in stunned disbelief before returning to their tent.

Several years later she found herself working in Ibiza as a rep for a night-club there, she loved it and often she would explore the coast by moped seeking out quiet coves and beaches where she would masturbate sometimes alone sometimes whilst being observed. On one occasion she found a nice secluded spot and after some time of playing with her self became aware of another young woman watching her the young woman shyly smiling at her so she beckoned to this young lady to join her. The pair of them masturbated together watching each other as they came over and over again never once touching each other but just enjoying watching and coming together.

On a separate occasion she ventured up into the hills this time as she fucked herself she was joined by a group of eight young guys. As she lay on her blanket massaging her wet cunt they grouped around her all of them stroking their hard cocks, watching her as she came for them, she asked nothing more than that they shower her with their hot spunk and as she writhed in ecstasy stroking her tanned body and squeezing her tits with her fingers in her cunt each of them gave her what she wanted. Her naked body drenched in their cum, laying in the hot sun as she fucked out the dregs of one of the most intense orgasms she had ever had with her own hand, sounding a little like a puppy pining for food.

It was around this time in her life that she realised this was really her thing, she liked sex but she loved to masturbate more than anything and masturbating with an audience!

She came up with an idea as the club she worked for had been struggling to make any business and it was at this point that she walked into her bosses office with a plan to save his club.

When he asked her what this "great idea" of hers was she was only too happy to show him.

She walked over to the couch he had at one end of the office and sat, facing him as he sat behind his desk. She perched on the edge of it sitting straight upright with her legs together and her hands on her knees Looking him right in the eyes she slowly opened her legs revealing a perfect up skirt view of her lacy black panties. The boss raised one eyebrow, he could just make out the little black stripe of her neatly trimmed pubic hair through the black, sheer triangle of her panties.

She started squeezing her tits together in her tight black blouse that was unbuttoned so that her tanned cleavage cupped in black lace almost looked like it was going to burst out at him, running her fingers trough her hair and caressing her body pretty much as a lap dancer performs. After a few minutes of this she stands and strides over to the bosses desk crawling up onto it and laying down with her legs spread wide so that the boss is sitting, looking right at her little black panties. She begins her hypnotic tease for him slowly stroking her cunt through the lace of her panties, slowly teasing her slit softly, so softly. When she could feel her cunt becoming nice and wet she slowly hooked a finger around the crotch of her damp panties and gently pulled them aside revealing her beautifully shaven cunt to him, he was so close he could even see her shimmering juices glistening where her cunt hole was, then she spread her cunt for him, her lovely pink hole oozing wet. It was at this point that she instructed him that there would strictly be no touching only watching to which he open mouthed nodded in agreement.

She began to tease her cunt just a foot or so away from his face so close that he could smell her horny, delicious scent. She slowly circled her plush, pink hole with one finger as her juices trickled out lapping them up her slit to her throbbing, swollen clit. Drawing back her clitoral hood so that her sweet little button peeped out at him she gently rubbed at it before slowly plunging her finger deep inside her cunt. Taking her glistening wet fingers she slowly licks her juices from them and returned her hand to her cunt this time she rammed three fingers deep inside repeatedly, fucking herself into an orgasm.

Her back arched off the desk as she cam over and over in a blinding multiple orgasm she pulled her fingers from her creaming cunt and licked at them hungrily, this was such a turn on to her she had always wanted to wank right in a guys face.

She flipped herself over on the desk kneeling up on all fours and spreading her legs wide cocked her gorgeous round ass into the air, she slid all four fingers along her dripping slit rubbing in a circular motion slowly introducing them into her hole. Her cunt began to squeeze her fingers as another orgasm approached and she let out a shout of delight. Once again she withdrew her fingers and tasted her handy work.

She turned and sat on the desk smiling at her boss who was still sitting open mouthed with a huge hardon in his trousers. She went on to explain that her idea was to once a week hold an event for people who were the same as her. And that she loved people watching her masturbate and she loved to see others wank too. And that at some point when the clientele had been established for this event she wanted to enter the it for a world record, the largest number of people masturbating together in one place!

Her boss just nodded open mouthed.

The next month was spent working hard canvassing the island, drumming up interest for the weekly event. Sooner than she had liked the time was quickly upon her and it was opening night!

She wasn't even sure how this would all begin and as the club rapidly became full for the first time in her masturbating life she felt nervous. At around midnight the DJ announced the arrival of the "entertainment" and to the sound of the cheering crowd several very attractive males and females appeared on podiums around the club. The pounding music began and the podium dancers began their act. Plenty of people were already positioned in dark areas of the club masturbating and watching and as she walked around she could feel this was going to be a great debut. The female podium dancers were already stimulating themselves and the males fully erect slowly wanking their stiff cocks, grinding and dancing. More and more club goers were getting into the swing of thing too.

As she walked round the club she became overwhelmed with lust to join in and found herself a good spot at the bar between a young attractive couple she ordered a drink and looked the female up and down smiling at her. She hopped up onto the bar sitting between them both the guy was already stroking his hardon through his trousers. She opened her legs wide for the pair of them to get a good view up her short, black dress revealing that she had no panties on they could both clearly see she was already soaking wet. From her viewpoint she could see most of the club now from up on the bar and everywhere she looked she could see hard cocks being stroked and open legged women fingerfucking themselves.

As she looked back down from the bar at the couple the guy already had his cock out and in his hand slowly stroking it, his gaze fixed on her glistening little cunt. With that she lay back on the bar and slid her dress up her thighs, letting her fingers softly stroke the short trimmed stripe of pubic hair she shuddered as her cunt begged her for more attention. The female of the couple positioned herself on a bar stool and took off her pink panties and began to massage her sweet little clit.

Laid out, spread eagle on the bar she gently let her fingers brush her neatly trimmed pubic mound her cunt ached and she tingled from head to toe. She had never felt this horny and excited before this was her ultimate there were hundreds of people around her all now masturbating and the air was heavy with the smell of sex.

She gently parted her cunt lips with two fingers and as she did she could feel the vibrations of the bass in the music stimulating her even more. She slid her fingers along her slit very slowly and could not believe how wet she was. This was getting too much and she gently pushed two fingers just inside herself, she felt like she could just cum at any second as she made a beckoning motion inside her cunt pushing her fingertips gently into her G-spot. Her juices were now gradually running down her fingers and butt crack. Her first orgasm was on its way, she wanted to cum slowly so she resisted the urge to speed up her play she held the slow constant pace. This was going to feel awesome coming on so slow she felt heat filling her body as she gasped in short breaths. The sensation as she started to cum made her head pound and she let out a loud cry of pleasure. She had to taste and began to lick her fingers the sweet taste of her cum made her want to lose control and she quickly returned her hand to her slippery wet cunt massaging her clit with rapid circular movements.

She became aware that there were many more people around her now compared to when she began. All she could see was a wall of men with the odd female here and there she had never seen so many hard dicks in one place and she knew that she wanted to feel their hot cum on her skin.

She climbed down from the bar removing her clothes and got down on the floor. She laid back and began fucking herself again the crowd of men closed in around her.

She felt the first hot jet land on her, streaking across her tits making her cum again at the sensation.

Again another hot wet shower, and another one by one everyone around her shooting their cum over her until she became drenched. She lay there rubbing all the spunk over her body as she wanked her little cunt into a frenzy.

Eventually the night wound down and people gradually left the club. She went upstairs to shower her head buzzing. Her ultimate fantasy had come to light and smiling to herself as the hot water tricked over her body she knew she had reached her goal. She was so happy and content.

Her club nights carried on and indeed to this day. She still aspires to gain recognition for a world record but she can take it or leave it.

She never would have thought all those years ago that playing with herself would turn out to be so much fun!

The End
