The Marathon
by RichardKimble

When a quest for self-improvement takes unexpected turns.

The Marathon Ch. 01

Tori startled awake for the third time in a week. The shock from her recurring nightmare lingered, as she tried to regain her composure. In the dream, she was desperately reaching for a hand hanging on for dear life from a nondescript ledge. As in the other dreams, the hand slipped from her grasp. Just as it faded from view the image was of a young version of herself falling out of sight. A not subtle metaphor for her life, she thought.

"My life is great, I am incredibly fortunate!" she said to herself, trying to will away the image of her youth literally slipping from her grasp.

She cherished her family, truly. But no amount of placating or positive spin could change how difficult it felt for her as an over-worked mom of two girls (eight-year-old Ashley and ten-year-old Charlotte), with more activities in a week than there were days in a month.

Her husband of thirteen years, Paul, carried far more of the load than any husband she knew. She was the envy of all her married friends and was all too aware that if not for Paul, her life would completely unravel. He was her reliable, trusty rock. Imagining even their easiest day without her unsinkable buoy made her shudder. Her work as managing partner in an ambitious, growing consulting firm placed demands on her that stretched well into most evenings, frequently losing a weekend a month to some unavoidable crisis. Her travel had increased from quarterly to monthly as well. Yet affable, unflappable Paul was always there, enthusiastically solo-parenting at the drop of the hat in her absence.

Despite his best efforts, even vacations that he planned from door to door never quite took the edge off for Tori. Even when all she had to do was just show up, things wouldn't reset for her. Not even five-star luxuriating could fully cleanse the baggage she carried into the trips. She returned feeling overwhelmed by imaginary crises building at work in her absence.

"I swear, Tori, you're the only person I know who needs a vacation from vacation," her closest friend Rena said when Tori complained once after returning from the Bahamas. "If you tell me one more time how stressed you are after you go on a dream trip, I will literally murder you. I know, deep down, you're not an ungrateful bitch, but you can certainly act like one."

Tori understood and resolved again to tone herself down and show more appreciation for all that she had going in life: two adorably sweet and precocious girls, a doting and handsome husband, a challenging and well-paid job, and an honest, albeit pain in ass, best friend.

Despite all of the positive affirmation, Tori still felt she couldn't ignore her recurring nightmare, feeling like her vitality was literally slipping out of her grasp. She couldn't pep talk away the fact that she had let herself go for years. Paul never said so, as he showed the same interest in her as ever.

Tori knew she was a long, long way from her soccer playing days in college or the marathon running of her late twenties. Her gym membership had gone unused for more than a year, and eating well felt impossible with her demanding schedule. If not for Paul's healthy habits and cooking, she felt like she'd be a whale.

There was the lack of attention as well, and it was glaring. Paul was reliably there to boost her ego when she needed it and he doted on her in every way. But even his unwavering affection and adoration couldn't replace what was missing: frequent attention from men. Sure, the odd leering look would come her way, but it was not even in the same ball park as it once was.

So many men (and some women) used to remind her of her appeal in not-so-subtle ways. It used to be such a pervasive part of her life that its absence now felt glaring. Despite adopting a stand-offish persona and a conservative fashion style to limit the extreme advances, she still received suitors of all kinds for most of her adult life. She didn't miss the lecherous, uncouth advances or cat calls. Nonetheless, she did notice it was absent. Although conflicted, she missed the ego boost.

The need for an intervention of health in her life was coming to a head. She had to take her health back, and if her appearance would rebound, then all the better. Approaching forty years old, she thought, a little attention seeking is normal and healthy.

"Rena, I need you to help me get back into shape," she texted her best friend one late night.

"When did you send me this text?" replied Rena the next morning. "You need to start sleeping better. Start with that. You can't get in shape if you don't sleep."

"Sorry," replied Tori. "I know! I worked late, had fast food for dinner (ugh) and realized after I got home after eleven that I can't continue this unhealthy life. Can we train for a marathon again?"

"YES!" replied Rena. "But only if you take it seriously!"

Three days later, they began nine months of training for the marathon. The first few weeks were stop and go. Tori knew she was out of shape, but was surprised by her appalling lack of conditioning. Rena was floundering as well. After a particularly lackluster effort to run just three miles, where each of them walked more than they ran, they decided outside help was needed.

Sitting in Tori's kitchen contemplating their setback, Rena popped up, startling Tori, "That's it. I'm not having this crap. We can't do this on our own. We need professional help. Now!"

Rena whipped out her phone and searched for running coaches, and found a glut of results nearby. "OK, there are almost too many options," she said, chuckling. "Given our sad state, I'm not sure we need to be picky. Any with good recommendations within a half-hour should do fine."

Their trainer had Rena and Tori feeling like world-beaters in short order. They focused on whole-body improvement, not just road sessions. The trainer had them blasting their cores and cross-training more than they would have ever considered on their own. She was a diet guru as well, helping them manage intermittent fasting without losing energy or relapsing.

Eight grueling months later, the results were undeniable. Both Rena and Tori were well past their lap and timing goals. The combination of whole-body fitness and diet had them both feeling like much younger versions of themselves. Tori had dropped twenty-five pounds, her lowest weight since well before her first child. She felt more developed and fit than even her college soccer days. She was also in need of a whole new wardrobe, having dropped two sizes and five inches around her waist.

She asked Paul what he thought about her new abs one day as she stood in front of the mirror.

"I'm so impressed with you, gorgeous!" he said. "I'm proud of you, and pleased that you feel so good!"

"But can I be totally honest sweetheart?" he asked. Tori became concerned.

"I'm starting to feel a bit self-conscious around you now," he continued. "In some ways, I miss the old you. I know you're the same wonderful, amazing woman, but I can't help but think that you now look at my dad-bod and you'll feel it's not good enough anymore."

"I love your dad-bod!" she answered emphatically as she rubbed his slight paunch. Catching herself, Tori pulled back her hands, hoping to soothe the wounded look from her husband, "You are my sexy man, Paul. You're perfect for me."

------------------

With two weeks to go before the marathon, Tori felt the onset of shin splints. Rena had them a few years back and warned Tori that they could be debilitating. She booked an orthopedist an appointment immediately. The doctor advised her to stop training and rest for a minimum of ten days, rotating rest-ice-compression-elevation several hours a day. He warned her against running the marathon, but Tori could not be deterred. She hadn't trained every-damn-day for nearly nine months only to give up at the very end and let herself and Rena down.

It was not easy to juggle her daily routine and keep her legs inclined and iced up that much, but she managed it, in no small part thanks to Paul, always supportive and helpful. He did all the driving, including shuttling Tori for work and errands. He cooked and cleaned up and doted on her in such a way that she nearly teared up each time he brought her ice or a healthy snack. She was amazed at how endlessly caring and wonderful he could be with her. She found him so handsome with his touch of gray at the temples and the playful twinkle in his golden-brown eyes. Tori could hardly believe her luck with this man.

As the race approached, Tori was feeling cautiously optimistic. She thought the shin splints might have been just the course correction she needed, helping her rest and avoid over-training right before the race. Even with slight soreness in her shins, she felt very good about herself.

Tori and Rena went shopping a few days before the race for coordinating outfits. They wanted to commemorate the event properly, and a bit of retail indulgence was their jam.

At the trendy fitness-clothing store, they both tried on a variety of outfits. They agreed on a traditional running combo of a loose-fitting tank and relaxed running shorts in coordinating teal and black. It was practical and would be very comfortable for the race. However, they didn't go out only looking for practical clothes. They had fun picking out a few outfits for each other and modeling them. The store carried everything from jackets to swimsuits. They spent close to an hour shopping, trying on a dozen outfits each.

As Tori emerged from the dressing room in a two-piece swimsuit Rena had picked out, her friend was a bit stunned that conservative Tori would even try on the low-rise, hipster bikini with open sides.

"Damn Tori," she said as she ogled her friend. "If I were bi, I'd be coming on to you so hard right now. We need to get you on insta, girl. You're a stunner. I never noticed it before, but with your weight loss, you look so much like Rachel McAdams."

"Who's she?" Tori asked, feeling uncomfortable, but a bit flattered by the attention.

"Seriously, you don't know Rachel McAdams?" remarked Rena. "I swear you are so clueless. You know her, I know you know her. "

"Ugh. Look, here, look at her and then look at you in the mirror and tell me you don't see it," said Rena as she searched a picture on her phone and held it up in Tori's face, faux aggressively.

"Oh, her," chuckled Tori, blushing slightly. "She's kind of my favorite, actually. I loved her in The Notebook. OK, I admit it, I see some resemblance. But my boobs are bigger." They both laughed as Tori eyed herself in the mirror, jiggling her breasts playfully.

"Don't look now," Rena whispered. "But the hunky clerk guy has been eyeing you. He's seriously staring."

Tori reflexively beamed with pride in herself, having worked herself back into top shape. She took a furtive glance toward the counter and was startled to see a twenty-something, solidly-built hunk openly ogling her. Tori blinked rapidly as she fought to look away from his large shoulders, built chest, and sculpted arms bulging out of his tight shirt.

Out of the side of her mouth, she quietly said to Rena, "He's really staring at me. It would be kind of creepy if he wasn't so hot."

Embarrassed but excited, she quickly retreated to the dressing room and thought about how long it had been since she received such overt sexual attention. She began to take off the swimsuit, looking at herself in the mirror.

With a playful thought about undressing so close to the hot guy, she slowly undid the top, then stood admiring her upper body in the mirror. She flexed her stomach a bit, turned to the side slightly, and raised her heel up with her knee angled. She then started to work the hipster-cut bottoms down over her hips. Feeling randy, she peeled them down to her knees, then bent at the waist. She slid the bottoms all the way to the floor, then spread her feet shoulder length apart and looked at herself bent over in the mirrors. She was incredibly turned on, she had to admit.

Reflexively, she reached for her phone. She stood up, posed seductively again with her hand on her hip, her heel raised. She flexed showing her ab muscles and taught quads. The outline of her muscular round ass was well framed as she snapped a pic of herself in profile that reflected back in multiple angles in the mirrors. She felt an incredible rush of excitement in the fitting room. For a brief moment her mind wandered back to check-out guy as she caressed her breast, then slid her hand down toward her small patch of bronze hair. She looked at herself and proudly thought that Rachel McAdams would wish she had these muscles and curves.

She was instantly brought back to reality, as her phone pinged. It was probably a text from Rena, wondering why she was taking so long. She looked at the phone and saw a unfamiliar notification on the lock screen. It was a new phone, her first iPhone, a recent gift from Paul.

The notification said, "Airdrop: Received item from CalBax95." She had heard of Airdrop before but never used it. Despite the unfamiliar name, she assumed it was from Rena, and automatically clicked to accept the item as she unlocked her phone.

Tori's jaw dropped as she let out a startled gasp. It most certainly was not from Rena. Instead, she was staring slack-jawed at a pic of an enormous, erect dick. Stunned, she struggled to get a handle on her emotions. She was definitely a bit offended, somewhat confused, but also seriously curious and surprisingly aroused.

A hand was holding the giant cock next to a can of Red Bull, which it dwarfed. It was slightly wider than the can and a few inches longer. There was a slight bend to the thick pale shaft, and the smooth pink head bulged, tapered to a glistening peak.

She couldn't move or think straight as she just held the phone looking at the photo of the biggest dick she had ever seen. Whoever sent the photo either had a huge cock or thought she wanted a photo of one. She checked the message below the photo, which said, "Seeing you in that bikini did this to me!"

A few beats longer and she inhaled a startled breath. She realized the pic was from the check-out hunk, just twenty feet away through a flimsy louvered door, behind which she had taken her first naked selfie. She was so conflicted, she didn't know what to do next. On the one hand, she basically had just been sexually harassed. On the other hand, she was incredibly flattered and aroused, as excited as she could remember in years.

Taking a few deep breaths, and slowing her heart rate, she resolved to compose herself and get out without causing a scene. She quickly put her clothes back on, picked up the practical, relatively conservative top and running shorts, then popped out of the dressing room, leaving the swimsuit behind.

Rena was waiting for her and said a little too loudly, "Took you a while. What were you doing in there? Admiring yourself in the mirror?"

"Be quiet!" Tori quietly hissed. "He can hear you."

"Oh, I know!" said Rena.

Tori stared daggers at her friend, then motioned with a nod for them to move out of sight of the counter.

"Look, Rena. I'm not in the mood for any games. Can we just pay and go please?" she pleaded.

Rena acquiesced with a conciliatory smile and they walked up to the counter, Tori nervously trailing her friend.

Just as they reached the counter, Rena stopped abruptly and started to pat herself down, then announced, "Oh shit! I left my underwear in the changing room. Tori, honey, please buy my stuff for me while I go get my panties!"

Tori realized that Rena had set her up.

"Happens every day," check-out guy said as he coyly tucked a strand of dark hair over his ear, leering at Tori with a sidelong glance.

"I'm sure it does," she replied and wondered what she even meant by it.

As Tori placed their clothes on the counter, he asked, "Aren't you buying the suit?"

"No thanks, this is all we need," she replied in the most monotone, unflinching voice she could manage.

"Well, that's a shame because you looked really hot in it," he said, dispensing with any doubt about who airdropped the dick pic.

Tori was starting to lose her cool and beginning to feel a lack of impulse control that she was worried might spill out in unintentional ways. She willed herself to just remain calm as she mechanically handed her card across the counter. The card cluttered onto the counter as she dropped it. She was looking down at the counter when she noticed the can of Red Bull just to the side of the register and heard herself let out a small gasp.

Check-out guy looked up at her, then down to the can, and back up with a furtive grin. He parted his lips slightly and bit the side of his lower lip, showing a crooked, confident smile.

She stood staring at him, noticing her lips drying, a flushing feeling in her face and across her shoulders and chest, pulsing into her abdomen and groin. She could hear her breathing and thought that surely he could as well.

An intense moment passed and Rena startled them both as she reappeared at the counter. She placed the swimsuit in question on the counter, and said, "You're buying this too. No arguing, Tori."

"That wonderful suit gets my manager discount," said the check-out guy with his leering smile. He picked up Tori's card off the counter and took another glance at the can. He deftly processed the ordered.

Tori was practically overcome with embarrassment, arousal, and confusion. She mumbled something incoherent and hurriedly signed for her purchase, clumsily accepting the bag from the clerk. She couldn't get away fast enough as she turned to walk out, and Rena followed her with an amused look.

Tori briskly walked out of the store in silence, and waited a few doors down in front of a book shop. Her mind was racing, her pulse rapidly firing; she knew she must be beet-red from blushing.

As Rena approached, Tori tried to ignore her friend's playful, teasing smile.

"OK, spill it!" Rena demanded, poking her friend in the ribs. "What was happening when I walked up to the counter?"

"Give it a rest, please Rena," Tori said trying to deflect.

"Oh no! I'm not giving this a rest. Tell me why you look like you just walked out of a sauna. You are flushed and practically panting. Check-out guy had your motor running, were you flirting with him? What did he say that got you so hot and bothered?"

"Stop, Rena, please. Let's just get going, please!"

"You said please twice. That's one of your tells. What are you hiding? What happened?"

"Damn it! OK. It's so awkward. I don't know how to even say this. Here, just look," Tori held out her phone to Rena, showing her the dick pic.

"Ho Damn!" Rena exclaimed. "That is huge! Fuck me sideways and poke out my kidney. Holy Fuck! Tori, where and when did you get this? Is it...Check-Out Guy? It is! He sent you this dick pic! OH. MY. GOD! That's a verifiable monster cock! That is literally the biggest one I've ever seen."

Tori nearly fainted as her embarrassment took on swooning levels. Rena noticed and held her friend's elbow, escorting her to a nearby bench.

"I got it while I was in the changing room," she said. "He airdropped it and I foolishly opened it. Then, right before you walked up, he caught me glancing at the can of Red Bull on the counter. Oh God, Rena. I couldn't help it. I was blushing and it was obvious that I was looking at the can. He gave me a look back as he caught me and I dropped the card. I couldn't help thinking that he had THAT his shorts just across the counter and he knew that I knew and...Oh God! I'm happily married! I have two kids! I'm not supposed to be looking at that kind of pic and flirting with check-out guys," she said in a stream of consciousness.

"Well, screw that!" Rena countered. "You are one of the sexiest, prettiest women I've ever seen in person. You deserve to be a flirt every now and then. Admittedly, dick pics are usually super gross, but this is the exception to all rules. This is truly a dick pic worth admiring. So what? You saw a picture of a big cock and it got you excited. You should feel flattered and enjoy this. We are forty-fucking-years-old. You deserve this kind of thrill. Hell, I'm jealous! Send me that pic, now!" Rena laughed.

Tori just shook her head bemusedly at her friend, praying that no one would walk by and overhear the incredibly embarrassing conversation.

Rena nudged her again and demandedly pointed at the phone. Tori reluctantly touched at her screen, agreeing to share the pic. Her finger inadvertently swiped and her photo album scrolled to the pic of Tori in the dressing room.

"Wait! Stop! What is that?!" Rena practically shouted. "Holy shit, Tori! You took a naked selfie in the dressing room? You dirty girl! Fuck yeah, Tori! That's what I'm talking about!"

Tori looked around begging for no one to be within earshot of this further embarrassment.

"Wait, was this after he sent you the dick pic? Did you send this to him?"

Tori shook her head no, emphatically.

"Give me your phone," Rena demanded as she reached her hand out. Tori stared at her in shock.

"Give it to me, or I will murder you," she growled and Tori relented, shaking her head in disbelief.

"What are you doing?"

"Tit for Tat, or Tit for Dick, technically," Rena said as her fingers swiped quickly and effortlessly across her friend's phone screen."

Before Tori had a chance to react, the deed was done and Rena said, "There, done. You've just shared your first nude pic."

"What the Hell, Rena! Why would you do that?!"

"Because you wouldn't."

"Of course I wouldn't! Why would I ever send a naked picture of myself to a total stranger, what the hell is wrong with you?"

"Admit it, Tori, just be totally honest with me about this. You are seriously horny right now, aren't you? Like crazy horny. You are a fountain down below, I'd bet. You haven't felt like this since Sophomore year in college, when you banged the two hot Argentinian guys on our ski trip to Breckenridge. That kind of horny," Rena said as she glared at her friend.

"Stop it, Rena!" Tori commanded. "I'm completely embarrassed and totally mortified, that is what I am."

"Looks to me like your neck and face are telling a different story," said Rena pointing out the red flush to Tori's upper chest, neck, and face. "That's the look I get from an orgasm. The flush doesn't lie."

Tori couldn't look at her friend. Her mind was swimming, overwhelmed with emotions. Among those, if she was totally honest, was arousal -- serious, knee wobbling excitement.

"Can we just go now," pleaded Tori. "I have to get home. This is just too much, Rena."

"OK. OK. I'll give it a rest, but if he sends you any more pics, you have to promise to share them with me!"

"Oh no, I'm not coming back here, ever. I'm also disabling Airdrop. That's the last unsolicited dick pic for me, thanks but no thanks," Tori said, but then she hesitated. "Wait, what did you do?"

"I may have shared your contact card," she said with a sly grin. Tori punched her hard in the arm and stormed away toward her car.

"You'll thank me for all of this after you and Paul get it on like Donkey Kong tonight," Rena hollered after her upset friend who was almost out to the car.


The Marathon Ch. 02

The quest takes a very big turn.

Tori returned from the shopping trip out of sorts, understandably. Ever thoughtful, Paul perceived her flustered appearance and distracted demeanor as evidence of pre-race stress. Of course, the cause of her distraction was something much different.

Paul volunteered to read to the girls before bed, as he often did. He also, very considerately, encouraged Tori to soak in the tub and rest her legs up for the race in a few days.

Tori gladly accepted the offer. In part she needed the soak, but she also wanted to doll herself up for action with Paul later. The excitement from the shopping adventure had not worn off much since the afternoon. Her libido was running incredibly high.

While in the bath, Tori had her phone on the floor outside the tub. It pinged a few times early, which she ignored. After she had washed her hair and begun to soak, it pinged twice again. Comfortable and relaxed, she decided to mute the phone, but when she looked at the screen, she paused.

She had four notifications from an unknown number. She thought about the joke Rena had pulled earlier in the day, saying she had given Tori's contact info to the hunky clerk, then wondered if maybe it hadn't been a joke.

Without a lot of thought, Tori swiped open the phone, then went to her messages, opening the string of texts.

She nearly dropped the phone into the tub, startled by the images jumping out at her. In the first, a hand is holding an erect cock at its base, an enormous shaft and head protruding out above it. The caption says, "Looking at your photo, can't help myself."

In the second photo, his hand is near the head of the huge cock with precum spread across a finger.

In the third photo, he's holding up a large photo print of Tori's nude pic from earlier in the dressing room.

Tori's heart is racing as she scrolls down to the fourth image and sees that it's black with a play button in the center, obviously a video.

She nervously clicks on the video and the first few frames are dark. She hears a sound and immediately turns down her volume. The video lighting adjusts and she sees her nude photo sitting on a counter top and hears the unmistakable sound of a man groaning and a repetitive sound. The image pulls back and she gasps audibly. His huge cock comes fully into frame, glistening as he strokes the massive erect length with his hand. He continues the long strokes along the full length of his cock as Tori reaches down to her nipple, pinching it lightly, sending shivers down her whole body.

The man is groaning in the background as he quickens his pace and shortens his strokes. The entire long cock and photo are still within the frame and Tori has moved her hand between her legs, beginning to stroke her clit in circles. Tori masturbates along with the video for about thirty seconds, then presses pause as she hears a door down the hallway. She hears the distant sound of feet walking across the hall, presumably Paul going the bathroom. Shortly after, she hears the muffled sound of him walking back into the girl's room.

Nervous, but relieved, she closes her eyes to contemplate what is happening. In her head, she hears Rena's voice telling her that she deserves more thrill in her life. She also thinks back to her threesome with the Argentinian guys from the college ski trip.

Fired up again, Tori presses play on the video and sees that it has about two minutes left. She begins stroking herself again and resumes the video. The man continues his steady pace of masturbation, as she begins to quicken her efforts. She pauses for a few beats, resumes, then realizes she might orgasm well within those two minutes.

The man quickens his pace again, moaning and breathing in staggered fits. Tori notices the head of his cock has become nearly purple and the shaft is pulsing, with the vein bulging along the top as he strokes. She senses that he is about to cum and she furiously rubs on her clitoris. Normally, she can't take direct stimulation for long, but she is compelled to do it at the moment, enduring the over stimulation in order to force her climax.

Just as Tori is about to tip over her edge, the man groans on the video and the camera wobbles slightly. Tori gasps as a long rope of cum shoots out of the huge cock onto her naked picture, covering most of her rear and onto the side of her back in the enlarged photo. Tori muffles herself as she also cums. Three more long ropes of cum shoot out of the huge cock as Tori holds onto her mons as she rides out the after-waves of her orgasm.

He lays his huge, heavy cock down across the cum soaked photo of Tori, saying, "Next time, I want to do that with the real you, gorgeous." As the video ends, she clicks off the phone, drops it onto the bath rug and slides down into the water to soak. An overwhelming post-orgasm bliss spreads through her as she feels the warm water envelop her.

A few minutes later, as the water begins to cool, the reality of what just transpired begins to set in. She first wonders to herself how she would feel if the role was reversed with her and Paul. She knows that he masturbates frequently. Even with their relatively active sex life (for a working couple with kids), it was simple reality. She had, in fact, walked in on him more than once in relatively compromising situations, but she had made light of them each time, remarking that he better be working her into his fantasies.

When they talked about it at later points, he insisted that he did, in fact, have many fantasies about her. They discussed them casually, but not in depth. Most of the fantasies he described were vanilla, relatively superficial cliches like nurse or teacher or light exhibitionism. They'd enjoyed acting out a few of those, and Paul happily remarked that he would be coming to her with more ideas, since she seemed to be enjoying them as well as himself.

However, there's a stark difference in this situation, Tori admits to herself. Sexting was crossing a distinct line. Because Rena had sent the nude pic she couldn't claim to solely be on the receiving end and it was no longer entirely unsolicited. She would clearly draw the line with Paul over something similar, and should have done so herself.

Yet she felt so conflicted about the thrill and rush that she was feeling. She felt ten years younger in the moment. To feel like a wholly sexual being again was so gratifying and life affirming, surely, she reasoned, this would benefit them both.

Resolving to prove something and seize these feelings, she rationalized that they would help boost her relationship with her husband. She finished up her bath with a plan to rock Paul's world.

Tori was still revving with lust. She decided to test Rena's theory that her new swimsuit would get him going. She dried her hair out with a towel, put it up in a bun, then tried on the new suit. Her nipples were at attention and poking through, clearly visible. She admired the way she filled it out looking at herself in the mirror, feeling really good about her defined shoulders and arms with a visible six-pack for the first time since college. Turning to look at her rear, she slid the hems in slightly to expose more of her cheeks.

She dimmed the lights, but kept enough light on so Paul would be able to admire her when he walked into their room. Sitting at the edge of their bed, she was eager to put on a bit of a show for him.

The minutes ticked by and he was a no show. It was not unusual, often the girls would egg him on to read extra chapters. He was such a charismatic reader, able to voice characters and create the illusion of bringing the book alive that he was reading. After a half-hour had passed, Tori slipped on her robe and tiptoed down the hall to check on things.

The room was quiet, both girls were sound asleep, as was Paul. The book had slipped into his lap, and his head lolled back onto the chair. Tori stood for a moment just admiring this scene of familial bliss. She walked over and gently placed a pillow propping up Paul's head, covered him with a blanket, then turned off the lamp nearby.

As she slowly closed the door and quietly walked toward her bedroom, feelings of guilt invaded her mood again and wiped out the comfort she felt from seeing Paul with the girls. She chastised herself for indulging a ridiculous sexual fantasy while her family was nearby in such a wholesome scene. She resigned herself to delete all the photos and videos and block check-out guy. This would be a one-time dalliance, she said to herself.

*****

Tori felt happy on the crisp fall morning of race day, even if experiencing a bit of soreness in her shins. The adrenaline of the race had kicked in and she and Rena kept up a quick pace to start, keeping up respectably with more seasoned runners. They didn't talk much during the first half of the race, but the few exchanges they shared buoyed their happiness.

At mile fifteen her shins flared; it didn't affect their pace, but Tori took notice. By mile twenty, the pain was significant. She tried, but couldn't hide it from Rena, who made them stop and walk intervals of one minute for each five minutes of running. This helped out some and Tori felt hopeful that she could finish with the interval pacing. She begged Rena to go on without her, but her friend wouldn't leave her side.

It became an almost Sisyphean effort, with each progressive mile slower and more painful. By the end, Tori could barely jog a hundred yards at a time. Rena begged her to stop with a half-mile left, but Tori could not be deterred. For the final quarter-mile, another runner joined to help and they practically carried Tori up to the last stretch of the race near the finish.

Tori insisted on finishing the final hundred yards or so on her own. Paul and the girls were just past the finish line, watching on. At first they felt immense pride upon finally seeing her, but then noticed that something was seriously wrong. She was obviously laboring, barely lifting her feet in a shuffle walk. With twenty or so yards left, she collapsed to the ground and much of the crowd gasped. She then started to basically crawl. By the finish line, the crowd of several hundred were all cheering their loudest for the woman crawling over the line, but Paul and the girls watched in shocked silence. They had never even seen her so much as flinch from pain. She was the toughest person Paul had ever known. To see her in such a state was beyond worrying.

*****

The diagnosis was tibial stress fractures of both shins. She would get casts on both her legs and be on crutches for six weeks. With both legs non-functional, she wouldn't be able to drive or walk much.

The pain was unrelenting, difficult even for Tori. By the second week, she asked Paul to take her back to the doctor for an extension to her tylenol-II prescription. The doctor assessed her pain and declared her in extreme pain. She received Vicodin, a three-week supply.

She took her first dose immediately upon picking it up from the pharmacy on the way home. They had a fifteen-minute drive to home and by the time they got out of the car, she was able to alternate weight on her legs and made it inside the house on without assistance for the first time.

She felt an incredible sense of euphoria, savoring the relief and relaxation in her body. She instantly gained control back over her life, immediately thinking about going to bed early that night. After two weeks of severe pain and insomnia, she couldn't wait to get into bed to sleep. The next morning she woke up so relieved after her first full night's sleep in weeks that she was moved to tears.

The pain-free, blissful three weeks went by quickly. When the three-week supply ran out (a few days early, which she hoped the doctor didn't notice), she received an additional week's supply. She also received a lecture on the very real danger of opioid addiction, and an emphatic warning that it was her last prescription. Her casts were about to come off, and she was ecstatic to be able to drive and walk around on her own. The pain had been under control and she felt supremely confident about getting her life back in order.

The next week she was out of the casts and off the Vicodin, and it was a mixed bag. She wasn't sleeping as well, and even maxing out ibuprofen and avoiding caffeine she could only sleep a fitful 4 hours. She'd wake up in pain, palm more ibuprofen, and then get another hour or two of fitful sleep, if she was lucky. It was a grind, but she could feel some improvement in her legs and was able to force herself, literally, to limp through a month.

Then the physical therapy started and Tori felt the wheels starting to come off again.

A colleague at her office, a cross-fit enthusiast since its infancy, swore by a physical therapy practice near the office. Apparently, cross-fitters get injured a lot. Tori accepted the referral gladly and went to her first session the same week.

There were a group of three therapists and two assistants. The practice owner, Sean, met her on the first day. He was very well put together, an obvious athlete. He reminded Tori of Paul's younger brother James, who played soccer in college and semi-professionally in lower leagues for a few years.

Her first few sessions were very, very painful. Even though Tori tried her best to hide it, Sean could sense her pain was truly intense. By the third week, her recovery was faltering and she was again starting to have difficulty sleeping from the recurring pain. Sean refused to treat her after learning about all of the issues she reluctantly revealed, and advised her to go back to a doctor for a follow-up evaluation. Reluctantly, she did as he asked.

The doc said she was to resume rest-ice-compression-elevation or be on the fast-track to surgery. Tori said she would follow the advice but begged for help with her insomnia. The doc prescribed over-the-counter melatonin. It didn't work.

Tori was becoming desperate. Out of ideas, she stopped by the physical therapy office hoping to ask if they had any advice on sleep aids or pain relief. She told Sean she couldn't sleep even with maxed-out ibuprofen and melatonin. She had tried the PM versions of various painkillers as well, even Nyquil. Nothing was working she confessed, as she held back tears. She told him her doctor said she couldn't have more Vicodin, but that was the only thing that had worked to help her sleep.

Sean was a good listener and very sympathetic. She felt unsure about approaching the clinic before then, but his reassurance eased her anxiety.

Tori had always joked with Paul that if he ever kicked the bucket, she was going after his handsome, perennial-bachelor brother, James. Consequently, she felt self-conscious and a little awkward around his doppleganger Sean, catching herself staring at frequently. He had a bit of a David Beckham appearance with a laid-back demeanor that fascinated her. It felt like a school-girl crush at first, but it was becoming something more all of the sudden.

He offered her Endodan, as he said, "We've had many patients who have used it successfully to help with short-term pain management."

Tori accepted the pills, thinking that she'd give them a try, but really all she could think about was how careful she needed to be around Sean. She had to keep her guard up because he was becoming a bit of an obsession for her now.

*****

Pushing aside the distracting thoughts about Sean, Tori was relieved and optimistic again. She took the Endodan for a blessed, pain-free week.

By the end of the week, her pain subsided enough she felt she was able to resume the physical therapy. She was anxious about returning to the practice and seeing Sean, but she rationalized that she could focus on her recovery.

After the return appointment, she anxiously asked about another week's supply of the Endodan, but Sean said he was all out. She should come by the office the following day, a Saturday, after he received his supply around lunch.

"Aren't you closed weekends?" Tori asked.

"I do maintenance and paper work on Saturdays," he replied with a big smile that reassured her. "I'll be done with most of the work by lunchtime. Stop by anytime after that."

Tori asked Paul to chauffeur the girls on Saturday and he was more than happy to do so. Tori was feeling guilt and self-conscious about spending part of a weekend away from her family, but she desperately needed another week like the last.

She had slept only half the previous night without the Endodan, and knew the week would be unbearable without relief. Subconsciously, she was excited to see Sean again. She woke up frisky that morning, which Paul noticed and appreciated, but reluctantly rebuffed as he had to get out the door for an early with the girls.

Tori arrived at the physical therapy office just after lunchtime and hoped she wouldn't seem too eager. There was a note taped to the door telling her to come on in. She assumed Sean would be in his office, so she walked through in that direction. As she passed one of the treatment rooms, she noticed a light on in the back of the room. She walked toward the light and heard the sound of water running. She assumed that Sean was cleaning up from his lunch as she walked back to greet him.

Tori turned the corner and stopped still. In a mirror she saw Sean stepping out of a shower. Her face and upper chest flushed at the sight of this objectively wondrous specimen of man, dripping wet, stark naked. His reflection faced away from her and Tori took in the sight of his hard, muscular body. She gawked at his tight ass, thin waist, and well-defined back that formed a magnificent triangle of muscle in her view. Tori bit down on her lip as she strained to take a full breath.

She knew that she should hurriedly leave, yet she was frozen to the spot. She couldn't resist the temptation of staring at this gorgeous, naked man, who was casually drying his hair with a towel. She thought he definitely had the appearance of toned athlete with a muscular butt and powerful legs. As he rotated toward her, still with the towel to his head, she had to stifle an involuntary moan. She stared on mesmerized by his large cock hanging downward in a relaxed arc. It was as large now as Paul was erect, but much thicker. She immediately thought of the check-out guy's pics and thought they might be comparable.

"Oh. My. God," she silently mouthed, continuing to stare. She felt blood coursing through her body, becoming slightly light headed.

She realized that Sean might become aware of her presence and the thought jolted her into action. Tori quietly slipped out of the room and silently went back outside to her car.

Flushed and disoriented, Tori drove a few blocks to a gas station. She parked, shut off the car, and tried to calm down with slow deep breaths. She couldn't believe how exhilarating and nervous she felt. Adrenaline and endorphins pulsed through her. She closed her eyes, leaned her head back against the seat and just let her mind wander. The voyeuristic image of Sean's incredible physique as he turned towards her was playing through her mind in slow motion. It was all she could do not to touch herself in that moment, but the noise coming from the traffic and gas station were enough to bring her back to the present.

She sat there for several more minutes practically in shock. As the adrenaline started to wear off, the pain in her legs began to resurface. She had to get the meds or she would be a wreck by dinner. She took a series of deep breaths, then formed a plan to call Sean's office, pretending to be en-route. Sean picked up and sounded courteous and encouraging, confirming that the pills had arrived.

Walking back into the office was easier than Tori expected, she simply focused on the pain of each step in her legs and the relief she needed. She noticed first that Sean was fully clothed in a modest track suit, though she did allow herself a very brief moment to undress him in her mind. "Damn he is gorgeous," she allowed herself a quick thought, and then switched right back to thinking about the pills.

Sean handed her a small bag of pills and just by the weight, Tori knew it was less than a week's worth.

"I'm sorry it's a little short," he said as he sensed her disappointment. "This week's supply was less than we expected, so I'm rationing them for now. However, from what I've seen, you're tough, Tori. I think this will be all you need to push on through for your recovery. Let's talk again later this week after a few full training sessions and see how you feel."

Tori tried to hide her disappointment, quickly thanked Sean, then made an exit before her emotions -- a weird mix of annoyance, paranoia, nervousness, and (she had to admit) lust -- tripped her up.

*****

The afternoon was a happy blur. On a literal high from the Endodan, Tori worked up her determination. She resolved to throw herself into her family's activities, mostly to distract herself from the recent events. Tori felt no pain, was very happy, and in total control of her world again. She rationalized that being with her family was all the painkiller that she needed, but the truth was that it had a lot do with the Endodan.

Tori slept very well that night. She had an incredibly vivid dream. In the dream, she was back at the physical therapy office and Sean was again stepping out of the shower.

*****

Sean turned towards her and casually smiled as though he had been expecting her. Tori tried to pull her eyes away, apologizing for intruding, but not without stealing another glance at Sean's body and his cock, specifically.

Her breathing was ragged and blood flooded her face and upper chest. She was cursing herself for having worn a v-cut sundress, as there was no hiding her arousal. She could feel that her nipples were hardening, poking through.

Sean stepped out of the shower room and tied the towel low around his waist just above his pubic hair. It was a thin white towel, pulled tight; the very large bulge was obvious and practically obscene, Tori thought. She couldn't hide her wide-eyed arousal and nervousness.

"I was a total mess after maintenance this morning," Sean calmly apologized for his state of undress. "Sorry I didn't finish up sooner, but I got a late start this morning."

Tori tried to respond but just mouthed a few words and mumbled something that nearly sounded like a moan of desire.

Sean glanced down at Tori's chest furtively, then looked back up into her eyes with a knowing smirk.

"Do you need to get your clothes?" Tori asked as Sean began to walk out into the room toward her.

"I'm heading there now, my clothes are right behind you," he said.

She couldn't move. He was moving straight toward her, getting close enough she could smell his sandalwood-scented body wash. She inhaled audibly, realizing that he would know she was admiring his smell.

He nodded towards his boxers on the table next to her and asked, "could you give me a hand?"

She turned toward the boxers, picked them up and as she turned back her eyes dropped again to his body and noticed the bulge under the towel was growing.

He looked down at himself, smiled, and then abruptly dropped his towel.

Sean's body was softly illuminated by the bathroom light; Tori was unable to form words or look away from his impressive, expanding size.

All she could think to do was hold the boxers out with her right hand. Instead, he reached for her left hand, saying, "maybe you can help me with this one instead."

He guided her left hand onto his enormous, growing cock. As she touched it, she felt it throb in her palm, her hand barely able to wrap around the thick, hot shaft. She struggled to breathe and was starting to slightly quiver. Blood rushed all through her, as she felt a small wave of pleasure. She was becoming highly aroused, moisture flooding her.

Sean placed a hand on her shoulder and gently applied downward pressure. She noticed her hand begin to stroke him, almost on its own. She became preoccupied with this involuntary motion before she realized that she was not hesitating to kneel.

Her face was now inches from this tremendous cock, throbbing in her hand as she compulsively stroked him.

"Suck me, Tori. I need your mouth on me," Sean breathed.

He moaned in pleasure as Tori put her lips over him, and then swirled her tongue around the head, tasting him and salivating with desire.

In the moment, Tori had barely a thought in her mind. All she could think about was how he would feel inside her. "I am going to feel this huge cock inside me," she thought.

She very much enjoyed the taste and feel of him in her mouth. His warmth and size and smell combined with the appreciative moans he made with her rhythmic sucking, were making her incredibly satisfied and aroused.

Tori alternated sensuous movements of her mouth and tongue around the head while staring up into his grey eyes; then she tried swallowing as much of him as she could into her throat. She could only get about half of his length in, but she was undeterred and tried again. After several attempts she could feel his length well into her throat. "Mmmh," he moaned in appreciation. Her infatuation with this man grew with his vocal expressions of pleasure. She kept this up for what felt like minutes as Sean gradually built towards a climax.

A sound invaded the space, as Tori desperately tried to block it out and coax him to cum.

"Is that your phone?" he asked, and Tori pulled back gasping for breath.

-------------------------------------------

Tori awoke to her phone's alarm. She lay in shock, overwhelmed with lust from the dream. It was so vivid and real that she could sense the smells and tastes. She was so aroused that if she didn't get relief immediately, she felt she couldn't begin her day.

Paul appeared to still be asleep. Tori slid down under the covers, driven by lust, and found the fly of his boxers. She quickly found him with her hand, and gently began to stroke. Paul sometimes would awaken startled, so she was pleased he didn't react reflexively to her touch.

Tori then found him with her mouth and heard him moan lightly as she began to lick and kiss along the shaft and head. He was responding and quickly becoming erect. She couldn't help but compare the images in her mind of Sean's and check-out guy's cocks with her husband in the moment, a very noticeable difference. Paul was definitely not as thick as a Red Bull can, and just about the same length as the six-inch can. She cataloged the thought but still continued with enthusiasm, fantasizing about the dream she had just experienced, imagining in her mind (despite the size difference) that this was Sean. She teased Paul until he was fully hard and then tried to take him down her throat.

With Paul's roughly average size, Tori was able to swallow his entire length into her throat. She had never tried before, and when she felt her nose tickled by his hair she heard confirmation that Paul was awake, as he exclaimed, "Holy Shit, Tori!"

This spurred her on. Tori was thrilled at her newfound skill, as she started to explore how long she could hold Paul into her throat. She shocked herself at only slightly choking after a prolonged effort, backing off to rest, swirling her tongue around the head. She was excessively salivating, and her hand had become slick as she enthusiastically stroked him in a rotating motion (another new move to her own surprise).

Paul was beginning to groan loudly with pleasure as Tori alternated her attention from the head to various depths and intensities of pressure along his shaft. As she felt the signs that he was moving toward climax, without thought, Tori pushed her head forward, taking him in as deep as she could. Her nose was pressed firmly into his pubic bone as she began to tongue his ball sack. Neither of them could believe it, as Paul howled in pleasure at his wife's new kinky inclinations.

It wasn't long before Paul announced his imminent climax, "Oh my God, Tori! I'm COMING!"

She swallowed it all into her throat. She had to pull her tongue back into her mouth and some cum nearly shot up her nose, but she kept him fully down her throat. As she gulped down the final burst, it was one of the most erotic feelings she had ever experienced.

As Paul lay satiated with a wide-eyed grin, Tori rolled over onto her back, gasping and feeling intense arousal.

She then started to brazenly massage her clitoris and folds. She had never masturbated in front of Paul. but she was too aroused to be shy in the moment. She kicked off the covers and Paul stared on dumbfounded with awe and pleasure.

She didn't care much in the moment how Paul would respond or if he might even join in. Tori was not in control of her lust. She closed her eyes and imagined Sean's head between her legs, alternating licking the length of her folds and clit. She felt Paul's hand on her breast, imagined it was Sean's and began to moan.

As her arousal built, she felt the orgasm was not long off. She pulled her knees up towards her chest and adjusted just enough to use both hands. Her left hand continued to massage her clit and folds, and with her right arm underneath, she began stroking deeply into herself with one, then two fingers. With the proper angle she could plunge her fingers in pressing firmly against the upper wall, which was engorged with arousal.

It didn't take long to orgasm once Paul started to lick and pinch her nipples, which she again imagined was Sean. With a deep, guttural moan, she shuddered out one of the strongest and longest climaxes she had ever experienced.

After a few minutes of blissful silence, Paul finally remarked, "Damn Tori! That was incredible! Whatever book you've been reading, I hope there's a sequel!" he said and they both laughed.

"Just consider that a small reward for everything you do for me," she replied.

"I look forward to seeing what the medium and large awards will be," he replied.

Tori thought, "me too."

