Daddy Cream for Breakfast by Chris Hailey and Lewd Lexi, Copyright 2021

Story codes: DD/lg, oral, audio script

Summary: You don't have to do anything, you can just lie there like a lazy old Daddy and I'll do all the work. That's what littles are for! We do all the work, so that Daddies feel special.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Author's note: This is an audio script I wrote for my favorite audio artist, Lewd Lexi. If you'd like to hear her recording of it, go to https://psstaudio.com/post/c662f35d87de4b02bd98beacbaac397e. Be sure to also visit Lexi's website at https://lewdlexi.com and leave a comment so that Lexi knows that I sent you there!



Good morning, Daddy!

Yes, I know you're sleepy, Daddy. That's what you get for staying out so late with your friends last night! I know you want to go back to sleep, but I wanna play!

Daaaaddy, take that pillow off of your head! You're so naughty! Come on, I have something I want to tell you.

There you go, Daddy, isn't it better to not have a pillow on your head? Now I can see your face, and you're so cute I just want to kiss you. [Exaggerated kissing sound]

What? Oh, right, I had something I wanted to tell you. Hmm... I don't remember what it was any more! Seeing your cute face made me forget! Maybe if I kiss you again, I'll remember. [Another exaggerated kiss]

Oh yes, I remember now. I wanted to tell you that I love your cock!

Daaaaddy, don't put the pillow on your head again. I'm serious, I love your cock! Last night when you were out with your friends, I couldn't stop thinking about your cock, so I got my favorite dildo, you know, the one that you gave me that's exactly Daddy's size? And I opened up the pictures of your cock that you texted me last month. Remember those? Then I put the dildo in my mouth and looked at your beautiful cock and I pretended that I was giving you a blow job. I was sooo turned on! It wasn't nearly as good as the real thing, but you were out with your friends so I couldn't have the real thing. But even so, I was so turned on, just pretending that I was giving you head, that I didn't even need to touch myself. My pussy was dripping wet, just from pretending!

I know you're a sleepy Daddy, but I have an idea that I think will help you fall right back to sleep. You always get sleepy after you cum, right? So I'll help you cum! I'm Daddy's little helper, and I want to help relieve all the pressure that I know you're feeling right now, and then you'll be able to go right back to sleep, and you'll sleep like a little baby Daddy.

Please, Daddy? Pretty please, can I please play with your cock and help you cum? Then I promise I'll leave you alone so you can sleep. Pleeeease?

Oh, you're so cute when you're sleepy Daddy. I'm gonna assume that your little groan means "yes," because no decent Daddy would ever tell his little "no" when she wants to play with his cock in the morning. Especially when she begs! I should take my nightgown off, though. I wouldn't want to get any of your gooey semen on my nightie! Yes, I know I'm supposed to get all in my mouth when you cum, but you always cum so much! And I'm a bad little and even though I try, I don't always catch it all.

Besides, if I take my nightie off, then you can look at my titties. We both know how much you like titties! You won't be able to lie there and pretend that you're asleep when you have titties to look at!

Oh! Look, Daddy! Now that I've got my nightgown off, you can see that your naughty little forgot to put my panties on last night! That's what happens when you go out with your friends and I can't play with you and I have to pretend. I get naughty and I take my panties off and play with myself and forget to put them back on. But that's okay. You like it when I'm naked. You like looking at my little pussy, don't you? I bet your Daddy dick has gotten all hard from looking at my little pussy. Take your pajama pants off, Daddy, and get your big hard dick out. Will you do that for me? Please?

Oh my gosh, Daddy! You have such a handsome cock! So strong and broad and tall. He's just the kind of cock that every little dreams of. Sleepy Daddy might be saying, "Not now, Lexi, I'm too sleepy," but Daddy Dick is saying, "I'm wide awake and ready for a good little to play with me all she wants!"

Don't you worry, Mr. Daddy Dick, I'm the bestest little ever, and even if Daddy is being a poopy because he wants to sleep more, I'm gonna play with you and make you feel good!

Now Daddy, take your dreamy Daddy dick in your hands and start to jack off for me. Just rub him nice and slow. That's a good Daddy. Nice and slow, jack off for your little. Can I kiss your dick while you jack off? You might be sleepy, silly Daddy, but your cock wants me to kiss him, that's for sure! I'm going to start right at the tippy-top, and give your cum hole a little kiss. [Kiss] I love your cum hole so much! Keep rubbing yourself nice and slow while I kiss and lick your cum hole. [kiss] Mmm, I taste some precum! You're not as sleepy as you pretend to be, Daddy!

Now I need to give your big thick Daddy cockhead lots of kisses, all around your velvety crown. [Kisses] Your cockhead is perfect for kissing! He's perfect for licking, too! I'm going to give him lots and lots of sweet slobbery licks, all over your big fat head while you jack off for me. Look at that, Daddy! Getting your head licked by your naughty little is making your cock even harder!

Daddy, I know your cock is anxious to be inside my mouth, and I can't wait to suck him. But first, I want to look at your balls. Oh, your balls are so big and manly. They're so anxious to give a good little all their sperm. Is it okay if I kiss them while you jack off? I need to kiss them, so that they know how much I love them! [kiss]

Hello, Daddy's balls! You are so big and handsome! You are the perfect balls for a little to kiss. [Kiss] I think Daddy's balls need some licks, too. I love giving them big slobbery licks and kisses. [Kiss, slurp sound] And Daddy, I know you like it best of all when I suck your balls. Is it okay if I suck them while you jack off, Daddy? Mmm, your balls so big I can hardly get them in my mouth! Mmm. Yummy!

There! Now everything is all wet and slobbery! And every little knows that a wet Daddy dick is a happy Daddy dick! And Daddy, do you know what a slobbery wet dick is perfect for?

Titty fucking, that's what!

Oh, Daddy, don't moan and groan like some sleepy old man! It's true, you are sleepy and you are kind of old! But still, no self-respecting Daddy moans and groans because his little wants to titty fuck his slobbery dick! You don't have to do anything, you can just lie there like a lazy old Daddy and I'll do all the work. That's what littles are for! We do all the work, so that Daddies feel special.

Ooo, Daddy, your cock fits just perfectly between my nice big boobs! And Mr. Daddy Dick is all slippery and slobbery from my kissies and my licksies, so I can just slide up and down, squeezing my titties around him. Up and down, just like my boobs are a pussy. My boobs are a hungry little pussy that wants to fuck her Daddy! It's fun to watch your cockhead poking up between my billowy breasts. I can tell you like it, Daddy, because I hear you groaning now, but not because you want to go to sleep! It's because you want to cum! Not quite yet, though, Daddy! If you cum on my titties now, then I won't get Daddy cream for breakfast, and you know I'll be pouty all day long if I don't get your cream for breakfast!

Don't worry, though, my beautiful horny Daddy, you'll get to cum. Just hold out a little longer. And I know you're sleepy, so you don't have to do anything at all. You can just lay there and let me service you, okay? I love servicing you, Daddy, it's my favorite thing to do. Lexi your little service girl! So you just lay there, like a good little Daddy, and let me suck your cock.

Oh, Daddy, your cock is so wonderful. So suckable! I'm getting so wet, just from sucking your cock. I think I might cum! How about you, Daddy? Are you getting close, too? Maybe we can cum together? Let's cum together, Daddy, please! I'll be your cum girl, and I'll cum for you while you fill my mouth with your hot gooey sperm. Daddy, please! I want your Daddy cream for breakfast!

I think I'm ready, Daddy. I can't help it! I'm not good like you, I can't hold it off any longer. I just have to cum, right now! Will you cum with me, please? Will you fill my mouth with your hot Daddy cream? Feed me your cum, Daddy, now!

[Ad lib orgasm]

Oh Daddy, you shot so much cum in my mouth! And I swallowed it all, like a good little girl!

Now Daddy, I know you're sleepy, so you should snuggle with my titties while you fall asleep. They can be your pillows! Or you can suck on my nipples like a baby.

There you go, Daddy, snuggle and suck while you fall asleep. My good Daddy! My sweet sleepy Daddy, who always feeds me his Daddy cream, whenever I want it.

Bestest Daddy ever!



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com Thanks!]
