Author: mypenname3000
Title: Mind-Control Panties Story Two: Brat's Kinky Punishment
Summary: A girl who dresses like a spinster is mind-controlled into showing off her sexy delights!
Keywords: fsolo Ff exhib public voy oral 1st toy D/s

Copywrite 2019

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

The figure entered the outlet store. It was one step above a thrift store, not the sort of place that panties in the style that the figure made were sold. No naughty delights to titillate a teenage girl's budding desires. No trendy clothes were sold here, which was exactly why the figure knew these pair panties was needed here.

The figure wasn't noticed by any the shoppers. Nondescript, ordinary. On a shelf that sold packets of plain, boring panties, so similar to the type worn by the last girl the figure had changed, a new pair was left behind. Vibrant, cherry red panties with those bold, blue letters surrounded by a shimmering silver border. 

Sexy Delight.

The figure kept walking, knowing that special girl, Heather Miller, would be along in moments.

Heather was a tall girl, sixteen, wearing a baggy, gray dress to hide the fullness of her figure. Curvy and lush, her bounty overflowing. She had the sort of body that boys would drool over. The type of ripe delight that would grace their wet dreams and fuel their masturbatory fantasies. 

Not that Heather would ever be allowed to show off her figure. Not with her mother, Honor Miller, ensuring that her daughter wore the blandest, most unflattering clothes possible. 

Her daughter would stay pure.

Heather didn't mind. She was a quiet girl who obeyed her mother. Shy. She wasn't like one of those flashy girls. All started out, her mother would like to say. You're my good, daughter. You would never be one of those painted harlots.

When Heather saw the pair of panties casually draped over a packet of boring underwear, she knew there must be a horrible mistake. Those panties did not belong here. She had popped into the store to run a quick errand. Normally, she would never shop for clothing without her mother's being present. She only passed this particular kiosk by happenstance. She snatched up the panties merely to deliver them to the proper store worker. As she gripped it, she noticed the words printed on them, Sexy Delight. The sight stirred a strange, wistful longing through her soul.

The braid of long, black hair swung down her back as she stared at those glittering letters. Would anyone ever think I was sexy? she thought.

Her mother certainly never believed she would be. I always gave thanks to God that I had a Plain Jane for a daughter. None of the boys will ever sniff around you. You're going to be pure.

Heather knew she shouldn't do this. That it was wrong. Without wistfulness surged through her. She found herself folding up the panties and pressing them to her purse. She pushed it deep, burying it beneath all the accouterments rattling around in her purse. Her cheeks burn with shame, but she rationalized her action by simply reminding herself that these panties clearly weren't the store's merchandise.

It wasn't stealing if she found them.

She hurriedly collected the new potato peeler to replace the one that had broken last night and paid for it as quickly as she could. She hurried home, her purse feeling extra heavy despite how little the pair of panties weighed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

<strong>Heather Miller</strong>

Why did I take these?

I'd asked myself that hundred times since the previous evening. I couldn't explain it. Right now, I was supposed to be getting ready for school, but I hadn't even gotten out of my nightgown. I wanted to put these exciting panties on. They were so different than anything I've ever worn. So bright and colorful. They were for a pretty girl. A painted harlot. Not for a Plain Jane like me. 

There was a wet heat between my thighs. It was something I rarely paid attention to. Sometimes, I felt that shameful warmth when in the shower and washing myself down there, or when I allowed myself to stare at a particularly handsome boy at her school. The type of boys my mother always warned me about. 

Boys like my father.

You don't want to ever marry a boy, Mother often told me. He'll leave you. Just like your father did. They want painted harlots, not a Plain Jane like you. I was beautiful, and your father still chose that big-breasted cow. You won't ever leave me, right?

I shuddered as I pulled off my nightgown. I could hear mother making breakfast downstairs. I had to get dressed. My large breasts swayed before me as I pulled down the pair of light-blue panties I wore to bed, the shade of periwinkle so faded it practically was white. I worked the cotton off my thighs and glanced at the garish pair. I couldn't believe I was going to wear them. I must be mad. Maybe for one day, I could pretend. 

Was there anything really wrong with that?

It wasn't like any the boys would notice me. They would never know I had them on beneath my long skirt. That I was wearing something with those naughty words on it.

Sexy Delight.

Just thinking of those two words increase that warmth between my thighs. I glanced down at my black bush, gasping at the sight of moisture beading on my pubic hairs. My cheeks burned. This hot shame rippled through me. I grabbed the cherry-red panties and stepped into them fast. I pulled them up my legs, the strange, electrical tingle racing ahead of them. I whimpered, the heat building and building inside of me.

What was wrong with me?

I whimpered, my large breasts swaying, slapping into each other as I wiggled the tight panties up my legs. The fabric clung to my thighs then my rump. I had to work the stretchy fabric up and over my plump rear. I shuddered, my hands adjusting the elastic waistband about my hips. They rode lower than they should. They fit so tight. Where they too small for me?

Heather, it's time for breakfast! Mother shouted from below.

I had no time to change. Just a minute!

I already had my outfit for this day laid out. A long, dark skirt and a gray blouse that button all the way up to my neck, the sleeves going all the way to my wrist. It was loose to hide my breasts. I grabbed my bra, the type that was designed to constrain such unwieldy, large boobs like mine. I slipped the band around my torso and fastened it behind me. I groaned as my breasts were flattened, pressed against me so the boys wouldn't realize just how busty I was.

Even a plain Jane will have the boys sniffing around her if they realize she has big breasts, mother would say. Just like that harlot cow who stole your father.

I pulled on the gray blouse that I'd selected, working the buttons up with the rapid motion. It fit loose on me, just the way it should. I fastened it all the way to my neck then smoothed the collar. The tails fell to my mid-thigh. I grabbed the long, black skirt. I stepped into it as my mother called my name again. I hurriedly drew it up and tucked the tails of my blouse into it. The skirt zipped on my left side and fit snugly around my waist. I smoothed the fabric, my bare toes flexing. I grabbed my socks and pulled them on as fast as I could.

Heather Miller, Mother cried for a third time, why are you dawdling?

Sorry, Mother! I called back. 

I rushed to the door, my black hair swaying a thick braid behind me. I was so nervous after taking those panties home, that I forgot to undo it before I settled on the bed. Lucky me, I didn't have to spend the time to read braided this morning.

Those naughty panties gripped my rump as I headed down the stairs. The fabric seemed to slip between my butt-cheeks, molding to my flesh. It felt so wrong. So naughty. That heat between my thighs swelled and swelled I came downstairs.

My mother peered at me from the kitchen, wearing a long, pale dress decorated with paisley flowers. It was as conservative as mine, the collar snug about her neck, the sleeves descending to her wrist, and the hem falling down to her ankles.

Well, there you are, she said. Let me have a look at you.

I came close to her, waiting for her inspection. There could be no way that she knew about the naughty, rebellious panties I had on. Her hands slid from my shoulders down to my elbows, smoothing the fabric into my skin. She gripped me there, eyes flicking up and down my body. She frowned. 

The tingles rippled through me.

Is something wrong, Mother? I asked.

No, she said, slowly. Her brow furrowed more. Everything looks fine.

I trembled. I wanted to confess what I'd done. To tell her what I was wearing beneath my skirt. I was being naughty.

Well, I'm sure whatever it is, I'll figure it out, she said.

My stomach roiled. How could she know? Was it how I was standing? Was it the warmth glowing in my cheeks?

Well, come on, your breakfast is getting cold.

Yes, Mother, I said as I headed into the kitchen to where a small breakfast nook lay. There were two bowls of cream wheat, plain and unseasoned. It wasn't that stuff made from instant. This was homemade. Healthy. 

I sat down, spooning up the white porridge, hoping it would help settle my stomach. Mother stared at me the entire time across the table, hardly touching hers. Her spoon stirred through the thick substance, her gaze resting on me as she seemed lost in thought. My naughty sex clenched. My breasts felt so tight in my bra. Constricted.

I just can't put my finger on it, Mother said when I finish. She stood up, her breakfast only half eaten.

On what? I asked, my stomach so tight.

On you, she said, bustling up to me. To my shock, she undid the top button of my blouse.

There you go, that's better.

I blinked in stunned surprise.

You know, you're such a delight. Maybe, I have been a little *too* strict with you. You're sixteen. Almost a woman. I forget that sometimes.

Oh, it's okay, Mother, I said. I don't want to be one of those painted harlots. 

Mother pursed her lips. Her hands were on my shoulders, rubbing me. All the warmth of her fingers bled through the cloth. I swallowed as she kept touching my arms. It was so... strange. Then her hands moved to the front of my blouse. I gasped as she unfastened a second button.

Okay, that's perfect, she said. Let's get you to school.

I nodded, my skin feeling so exposed. I mean, the open blouse only showed off my collarbone. The reverend's wife showed off this much skin. I shouldn't feel at all strange about it, but my mother orchestrated this. Bemused, I followed her out to the car, my shoes scuffling along as I dragged my feet. My thoughts whirled. The world felt so topsy-turvy today.

I slipped into the passenger seat, buckling up. The seatbelt pressed my blouse tight against my breasts, revealing just how ample I was. Mother glanced over me, her lips tightening. My cheeks warm. I hated reminding her of that chesty harlot who stole Daddy from our life. Her eyes flicked up and down me as we drove to my high school. 

She spent half the time just glancing at me. I squirmed. I had this certainty that she knew about my wicked panties and was trying to draw the truth out of me. It was like undoing the top few buttons of my blouse was some sort of strange torture. A way to get me so uncomfortable I would confess my sinful behavior.

Soon we pulled up at the school. There were a few boys hanging out front, including Chris. My cheeks warmed more at the sight of him. He was such a handsome boy, tall, his hair dark and short. I tried not to think those unwholesome thoughts about him, but when my sex was feeling so warm and juicy, his face would appear in my mind. It made me want to touch myself. To abuse myself. 

Not that I ever would.

Now, that's just not right, Mother said. She reached out and did two more buttons. I gasped, as she opened my blouse wide, revealing more of my skin. I could see the top slopes of my breasts. If she undid another button, people would see my bra. 

My cheeks went flaming hot.

Mother? I gasped, my voice choking.

You need to relax, Mother said. You're such a delight. Why, I bet the boys will love you.

My eyes were so wide at that. Boys? Are you okay, Mother?

No, she said. I'm feeling great. Just staring at you is making me feel all warm. Like how I used to feel when I was your age before your father ruined everything.

She stepped out of the car and rushed around to my side. Normally, she stayed in it when she dropped me off. I sat there, my book bag on my lap, not sure what to do. My mother opened the door and beckoned me out. Chris was over there. He would see my cleavage. He would know that I had big breasts. Then he would start to lust after a Plain Jane like me. 

Swallowing, I stepped out of the car, my long skirt rustling. I was so aware of my exposed cleavage. I felt my breasts jiggling like they were fighting to escape my bra. I wanted to melt away. This wasn't me. 

What was my mom doing?

Hi, boys, Mother said, taking my hand and leading me towards Chris and the other two boys. Doesn't my daughter just look pretty?

My eyes widened. Mother?

Isn't she just such a sweet delight? Mother asked. Her hand swept down my back and over my rump, smoothing my skirt. I know she hasn't dressed for it, but you can see it, can't you, boys?

I wanted to melt in shame. What was going on? Had my mother gone insane? 

All the boys were staring at me, noticing my cleavage. I tried to take shallow breaths, not to let my bosom swell, but I suddenly felt so breathless. I was gulping in the air, my chest swelling as my mother's hand smooth across my rump again.

Yeah, you do think she such a wonderful delight, don't you, boys? Mom said.

Well... Chris scratched the back of his head. Yeah, I guess, Mrs. Miller.

You guess? Mother said, sounding exasperated. Then, to my shock, she undid another button. My cheeks burned. Chris, and the other boys, could see the cream color of my bra peeking out. I want to faint. This could not be happening. Mother open my blouse further, her hands brushing across my bosom. My nipples were hard. I felt her hand rubbing across them as she adjusted my out. Wicked tingles raced through me.

Now what you think? mother asked. I know she's not wearing the most flattering clothes, but you can't deny how beautiful my daughter is. And look at those delightful breasts.

She hefted them. She lifted them up in my bra, giving them a little jiggled. The boys were all staring at me like wolves. Like they wanted to eat out me. Especially Chris. My cheeks were so warm. I wanted to faint. Mom's thumbs brushed my nipples again, my pussy growing wet. I could feel it. These naughty juices were leaking out of me. They were absorbed be these wicked panties I wore.

Now, Heather, have a lovely day, Mother said. Don't worry, I'll do something about your clothes. You're going to be such a delight.

She had to know about the panties. She kept saying that word: delight. I could feel those letters burning across my rump.

Mother whirled away and headed back to the car, her skirt swirling. I trembled there, the boys staring at my exposed breasts, my bra peeking out of my unbuttoned blouse. My pussy was so hot. I wanted to touch myself. To abuse myself like a sinful girl.

I swallowed, heading towards the school. The boys parted around me, almost engulfing me. I felt their eyes running up and down my flesh. They knew I was chesty. That my breasts were bountiful. They liked it. They liked me. I swallowed, the strange exhilaration shooting through me.

Boys liked me. 

Chris liked me.

This fluttering warmth shot through me as I entered my high school, other students noticing me. Girls gasped in shock while boys leered. They were all staring at me. They were all discovering how delightful my breasts were. My braid of hair swept behind me down to my rump. It swayed with my steps. My mother's touch burned across my skin. The panties were so tight, cupping my rump, my pussy.

I felt so naughty down there. I felt like instead of a pussy, I had that filthy word between my thighs. That C word.

Cunt.

Heather! my friend, Vivian, gasp. The redhead rushed towards me, her scoop-neck blouse showing off her modest tits. Oh, my oh, you're... Wow, that's a lot of flesh for you to be showing.

Mother thought I should... show off my delightful breasts, I moaned, my cheeks burning with my embarrassment. It was all so strangely exhilarating. I couldn't help but thrust my tits out before me. I was enjoying the attention. All the guys looking at me. Hungering for me. 

Vivian fell in beside me, her eyes wide. Your mother did that?

I nodded, heading towards my first class. I know, it's so strange, but... I shuddered. She wants me to be a delight. For everyone to know that I'm not just a Plain Jane.

Ugh, you never were a Plain Jane, Heather. You're cute. You'd be hot if you tried, and... I would kill to have tits as big as yours. She looked around. All the other girls are staring at you. They're seeing how busty you are? They're all jealous.

Of me?

My friend nodded. This is just wild. Your mom's gone crazy?

I don't know, I said, too scared to mention the panties and the D word printed on them. I drew in a deep breath, my chest rising and falling. My breasts rising and falling. Boys groaned as they drooled over me.

This was... incredible. I always wondered why girls want to show off their flesh and attract boys' attention. Now I was starting to understand it. It made me feel so naughty. So wicked and wanton. They desired me like I was a delight. A sexy delight. A shiver ran through me as I entered my classroom and my teacher, Mr. Beauregard, blinked at the sight of me.

I smiled at him.

I sat down, back straight like always, wishing my bra didn't squeeze my breasts so much. Then everyone can see just how big they really were. Mother wanted me to do this, then it had to be okay. I always listen to my mother.

Chris sat down beside me, a roguish grin on his face. Hey, he said, nodding to me. You look cute today.

I couldn't help the girlish giggle that burst from my lips. I had never made such a sound before in my life, but it made him grinned larger. I was feeling so wicked. I was feeling like one of those painted harlots.

Mr. Beauregard gathered himself and went into his lesson. I focused on his lecture like always. I felt all those boys staring at me. They were paying attention to me, not the teacher. I couldn't help the smile on my lips. I couldn't help taking delight in it. This was perfect. I wish I had done this before. My pussy was so juicy and itchy, maybe I would actually do it.

Maybe I would actually masturbate.

It was near the end of my lesson when the door opened and my mother walked in holding shopping bags. Everyone's head snapped over. The plastic rustled. I blinked at the sight of her as she hurried over me. 

I bought these as fast as I could, Mother said. I'm so sorry for making you wear that baggy dress. Don't worry, your mother will make you into a sexy delight.

Mom, I gasped as she stopped before me. 

It's okay, she said, a broad smile on her lips. She dropped the shopping bag of clothes on the desk. Mother is going to make everything right. Now, stand up and let's get those clothes off of you.

Here! I gasped as I found myself standing up, a naughty, wild tingle racing through my pussy.
 
Yes, here, Mother said. She glanced at Chris and smiled. All the boys want to see what a sexy delight you are.

The world had gone utterly mad today.

I groaned. This wonderful heat rushed through me as Mother attacked the final buttons of my blouse. Everyone was staring at me, seeing me. Was Vivian right? Was I actually cute? Even hot? That my mother was keeping me plain by dressing me frumpy and not allowing me to wear makeup? Did she lie to me about being attractive?

Why did my new panties cause her to realize the truth?

She clicked her tongue as she opened my blouse, shaking her head in disgust. This bra is not going to work. I'm sorry, but I've been buying you bras two sizes too small. I was just trying to tame these things.

As I shrugged out of my blouse, Mother reached behind me and unfastened my bra. I groaned as the pressure was taken off my breasts. They spilled out, large and pillowy soft, hanging with their heavy weight. Both my nipples were hard, and it wasn't even cold in here. They thrust out fat from my wide areolas. Every boy in the classroom, Chris included, groaned at the sight of them.

Damn, Chris muttered, a big smile on his face.

Mr. Beauregard stared at me with this look no teacher should have for his student.

My back straightened as I drank in the attraction. 

My mother squeezed my breasts. I know, Mother said. I was such a bad woman for hiding these lush breasts. Mmm, isn't my daughter such a sexy delight?

Hell yes! groaned Chris.

Mother beamed as she gave my breasts the final squeeze, even me tingling. Her hands and slid down my torso, caressing my skin, sending waves of heat washing down to my juicy snatch. My cuntthat was such a naughty word to use for my pussy; it made me feel so wicked thinking itclenched. I had this deep ache inside of me. I needed something to penetrate my virgin depths. I glanced at Chris, sighting the bulge of his cock.

I excited him.

Mother's hands reached my skirt. She fumbled at the waistband, searching for the fastener. She found it while my body trembled. My large, exposed breasts swaying. Every boy watched them, their eyes tracking the slightest movement of my bountiful tits.

I can't believe I made you wear this garbage bag, Mother said as she yanked the skirt down my legs. But, ooh, what are you wearing? You naughty girl.

SMACK!

I gasped as her hand spanked my panty-clad rump. Her hand lingered on my butt-cheek. I groaned as she squeezed my flesh, her fingers digging into my crack.

Sexy Delight, Mother read. So you already knew. I should've let you wear stuff like this years ago. I'm so sorry, Heather. I'm going to be a good mother now. Mmm, you're going to be my sexy delight.

I didn't fight as she grabbed my hips and turned me, letting all the boys see those naughty panties clinging to my ass. Her hand pushed down on the middle of my back, bending me over halfway. My breasts swung before me while my ass felt like it thrust out at whoever was behind me. Chris groaned, his voice so throaty. Mother's hand kept caressing over my rump, squeezing my butt-cheeks, making my pussy ache. I grew so wet.

SMACK!

I gasped, my back straightening after the second spank landed.

Mmm, yes, you are a sexy delight, Heather. Now let's get you dressed in your new clothes. Obviously, you have the perfect pair of panties for this skirt!

Her hands darted into the shopping bag. She pulled out a tight, black skirt. It possessed so little fabric to it. I gasped at how short it was. Would that cover anything? 

Mother smiled as she knelt down before me, stretching wide the waistband of the skirt, ready for me to step into it. My large tits jiggled as I did just that, my braid swaying down my back. First, my right leg and then my left leg slipped into the skirt. She drew it up and up, pressing my against my sleek calves, brushing my silky thighs. 

I groaned as her touch climbed higher and higher. I knew I shouldn't enjoy my mother touching me, but it just felt so naughty right now. All the boys were drooling over me. A few had stood up and moved closer, staring at my swaying breasts with glossy eyes.

Mother pulled the skirt up and over my rump. The waistband hugged low on my hips, the skirt barely falling down to cover my ass. If I bent over, I would flash my naughty panties and whoever was behind me. They would get to see what type of girl I was now. I moaned at that realizing, a wicked whimper that had my large breasts swaying and brushing together.

My nipples throbbed. I wanted to touch them. I wanted to touch my pussy, but I was surrounded by my classmates. No masturbating right now. I would have to wait until I got home to enjoy myself for the first time.

Mmm, let's get your top, Mother purred. I didn't quite know what your bust size was, so I skipped the bra. I don't think your classmates will mind. Right, Chris?

No way, Mrs. Miller, groaned Chris, his eyes locked on my swaying tits.

Naughty boy, Mother said and then tweaked my nipple.

I gasped as she pinched my nub. Then she rolled it, making me shudder. This wicked heat shot down to my naughty pussy. I groaned as my panties felt so soaked. I breathed in and smelled something. A spicy, exciting aroma.

Was that my pussy?

Mom pulled out the top from the bag. I goggled at it. The top had as little fabric as the skirt. There were no sleeves. It looked like a tube of bright-red cloth, the same hue as my panties. How could that cover anything?

Arms up in the air, Mother said. She giggled as I did that. All the boys loved how that made your tits jiggled. Ooh, they're all hard for you. My daughter is a busty, sexy delight.

Mom pulled the tube top down my arms and worked it down my head. There was a flash of red that filled my vision, and then she was pulling the stretchy material over my large breasts. I gasped as my hard nipples drank in the rasping texture of the cloth. I groaned as Mom adjusted the fabric, making sure that fit my large breasts perfectly.

There you are, Mother said, beaming. She clapped her hands on my cheeks. My sexy delight.

I gasped as she gave me a kiss on the lips. It was quick, almost motherly, but it sent this wild rush through me. All the boys exploded into applause. They whooped and hollered, sounding like a pack of apes. I shuddered as the sounds rippled around me, making me squirm.

You enjoy your day at school, Heather, Mother said, giving me another smile. I'm going to be busy shopping and buy you a whole new wardrobe. I'll pick you up some interesting things to show you.

Thanks, Mother, I said, my pussy tingling. Gosh, I really, really want to play with myself. My fingers itched should just slide beneath my short, short skirt.

Have a good day, Chris, Mother said as she whirled around and sauntered out, still dressed in her bulky, unflattering clothes.

By, Mrs. Miller, croaked Chris.

His eyes flicked to me, stirring with hunger as I sat down. My big breasts bounced and jiggled. It was like I was naked. Just expose for everyone to lust over. The cloth gripped my breasts, letting them swing free. They were without support for the first time in my life. I could feel everyone staring at me. Wanting me.

I was a sexy delight.

That day passed in a horny daze. I was so frustrated. So eager to do things. I was never alone. The boys followed me around from class to class like a hungry pack of dogs. When I slipped in to use the restroom, I could feel them pacing outside, waiting for me to emerge so they could swarm. Chris took the lead, salivating. He was always licking his lips, his cock hard.

My virgin pussy ached to be filled.

I was so aware of my body in my new clothing. When I had to bend over, I could feel my skirt sliding higher and higher, revealing the bottom slope my rump, then more and more of my round butt-cheeks cupped by the naughty panties. I knew some of the glittering letters were peeking out, bright-blue characters printed on cherry-red fabric.

My breasts would sway at the slightest movement. The stretchy tube top molded to them, highlighting my nipples. My areolas. The fabric was so thin you could see everything. I was so wet. My panties gave a valiant effort to soak up my cream, but I started feeling the naughty juices trickling down my thighs. My skirt was so short, the guys had to see the sticky gleam.

I didn't have to buy my lunch today. All the guys were so eager to do it. They were all around me, keeping my friend Vivian from sitting with me. This was so incredible. I felt like the sexiest girl in the world. I had never been happier. I hummed in delight, my shoulders swaying, making my titties bounce for the boys' enjoyment. I groaned as they drooled like hungry dogs.

When lunch ended, Chris came up to me. Hey, he said, this wolfish grin on his lips. Would you like to come over to my house? You know, hang out. Listen to some music. Just relax.

I wasn't an idiot. I was sheltered, but not that much.

I would like to, I groaned, my pussy clenching.

He grinned at me, and then the naughty boy gave my ass a squeeze. He felt my rump, making me shudder.

I was giddy all through my last few classes. Chris wanted to make love to me. He wanted to enjoy my sexy body while all alone at his house. I couldn't wait to tell Mother. I was so breathless, I thought I would pass out. Sometimes, I would just clutch my desk, my entire body shaking, all the boys tracking the sway of my huge tits.

Finally, school was over. Chris was ready to claim me. He slid his arm around my shoulder as I emerged from my biology class, marking his territory. A naughty shudder rippled through me. Vivian gave me a strange look as I passed her in the hallway. She seemed confused. I didn't care. I was going home with Chris. 

My poor, virgin pussy would finally get the satisfaction I needed. Craved. I would go insane if I didn't get something inside of me. I quivered beside Chris as we headed through the halls, my breasts bouncing before me, my ass swaying.

Chris grinned with satisfaction while all the other guy scowled.

I was sure I would go home with them soon. But today I was Chris's.

My mother was waiting for me outside. She had a new outfit for herself. I blinked, staring at the leather skirt and matching corset she wore, the dark garment lifting her own surprisingly large breasts into lush mounds. She had healed, thigh-high boots and looked so powerful.

What are you doing? Mother asked.

For a moment, I thought she was talking to me.

That's my sexy delight, not yours, Mother said, marching forward, her hips swaying. The leather skirt was so short that barely covered anything. You're lucky I let you look at her, boy. But don't you even think you get to enjoy her. She is mine!

Mother seized my arm and dragged me to her. I gasped as I stumbled, almost falling into her abundant cleavage. She stared into my eyes as her free hand cupped my face. Then she kissed me. Right on the lips. But it was different from the earlier one. There was no mistaking this for a motherly kiss.

Her tongue jammed into my mouth.

I quivered there, the heat of rushing out of my pussy, my panties tingling around my pussy and rump. I whimpered into her mouth, shuddering while the watching boys burst into the whoops and hollers. This was so bewildering. I couldn't believe this was happening. Mother was kissing me. I trembled, my boobs pressing into her corset, my nipples throbbing and aching.

Mother broke the kiss, her eyes wild. I've been thinking about you all day! she groaned. How sexy you are. How delicious you look in those clothes. Your breasts. Your ass. I've been thinking about your pussy. Oh, god have I been thinking about your pussy. You want to see how wet you made your mother?

Mother? I gasped. 

I squeaked as she forced me to my knees. So powerful. In control. She'd dominated me my entire life. I was conditioned to obey her. I stared up at her, her breasts rising and falling, almost popping out of her corset. Her skirt swayed before me. I could smell that wicked scent of leather. There was another aroma beneath it. Spicy. That same musk drifted from my pussy.

That was my mother I was smelling.

Lift my skirt and see what you've done to me, Mother moaned. Oh, god, shopping for all your new clothes, imagining using all your new toys, just thinking about your sexy delight has me soaking wet. Oh, god, get your face buried beneath my skirt and see how wet you made your mother!

I lifted the front of mother's skirt. I stared not at a thick, brown bush but at a hairless vulva. She looked freshly shaved. Her pussy lips were thick, thrusting out of her plump sex. They gleamed with her juices, that spicy scent filling my nose. I quivered as I stared at her cunt, drinking in her appearance. I spotted this little bud peeking out of a sheath. I whimpered, so shocked by all this.

So turned on.

Eat your mother's cunt! a guy howled.

Just devour her, you sexy slut!

God, your mother's a filthy dyke!

Eat that dyke-mother's cunt!

Yes! Mother hissed. I've been a dyke all my life. I tried to fight it. I tried to pretend I wasn't. When your father ran off with that big-titty whore, I wanted to bury my face between those lush breasts. I wanted to be the one to revel in them. But now I have you, my sexy, busty delight. Now get that face buried in my snatch and make me cum. You have to love me for all the clothes I bought you today. All I've done for you.

Yes, Mother! I moaned.

I pressed my face into her pussy. I licked and lapped and caressed her folds. Her spicy juices coated my tongue. Cunt was like nothing I'd ever tasted. Ever experienced. My hands grabbed her hips as I stroked my tongue through those thick lips. Her cream coated my chin. My cheeks. She moaned as I feasted on her before the entire school.

My tongue lapped at her pussy, stroking her folds and brushing that little bud. She gasped and shuddered when I did. She liked it when I played with her clit. I stroked my tongue around it, flicking it, making my mother gasp and moan. I made her feel amazing.

I pleased her.

That's it, my sexy delight, Mother moaned. Play with my clit. Oh, yes, play with that little bud.

God, Heather, you're just a slut for your mother's cunt! Chris howled.

That's right, Mother groaned. She's all mine. I get to enjoy her. I get to pop her cherry.

How could she do that? Mother didn't have a cock.

I didn't know. I didn't care. I just pressed my mouth into her thick pussy lips. My tongue flicked and licked and lapped at her. I darted my tongue into her depths, swirling around inside the very hole that had birthed me. More and more of her spicy cream poured into my mouth. The flavor ignited my taste buds. I trembled, clutching to her legs, gripping her as this wicked sensation rippled through me.

I loved it. I loved this incestuous flavor. This wicked, wanton delight. 

Everyone watched me as I pleased my mother. The cheers rippled around me, spurring me on. The boys wanted to make my mother cum. That dirty, nasty word for that thing I was never allowed to have. The delight I missed out on by never masturbating.

Would mother make me cum? I hoped so. It sounded so amazing. Like the greatest thing in the world. I wanted to give her that pleasure. I nibbled on her pussy lips. I sucked on her clit. I made her gasp and moan, her large breasts almost spilling out of her corset.

That's it, slut, eat me out! moaned Mother. You're a little dyke like me! 

I am! I moaned.

MAKE YOUR MOTHER CUM! shouted from the boys.

I had to make her explode.

I sucked on Mother's clit. She gasped and squealed out in delight. She whimpered. Her beautiful sounds echoed through the air. Her juices gushed out of her. Just a flood of them. They spilled over my lips and ran down my chin and cheeks. I tried to lick them up, but there was so much spicy cream.

Oh, yes, my sexy, pussy-licking delight! Mother howled. I'm cumming!

Mother sounded like she was in heaven. Just consumed by rapture. Sounded so wonderful. I couldn't wait for my turn to experience it. I kept licking and lapping at her juicy twat, gathering up all the incestuous cream that spilled out of her. My body trembled from the thrill of this naughty, wanton act.

Holy shit, Heather actually made her mother cum! the boy shouted.

Way to go my Heather! You're such a dyke!

Buff that muff! whooped another boy.

I shuddered at their naughty words, my body trembling as I kept licking. Mother shuddered, her breasts jiggling in the corset. With a moan, she took a step back, pulling her pussy from my face. I trembled, my large tit jiggling in my tube top. I licked my lips, savoring that spicy flavor of her pussy.

I've bought just the toy, Mother said, wrenching open the passenger door. 

She reached into a bag, the outside sleek gray with a pair of black lips on the front. She wrenched out the bright, pink object. It was kinda like a U with one end that thrust out like a penis. A dick. A dildo. I gasped, staring at the shaft. It had segments almost like a caterpillar's body. My virgin pussy clenched, wondering what that would feel like in me. The other end was capped by a smooth ball. Mother whirled around, her right breast popping out of her corset, her nipple dark red.

She thrust the bulbous end of the dildo up between her thighs. She groaned, shuddering as she clearly pressed it up inside her pussy. Her eyes widened as the other end of the dildo thrust out from beneath her skirt. It was like she had her own cock. 

Her own way of popping my cherry.

Oh, you're getting that cunt broken in, Heather! a guy yelled.

Damn, Chris, you almost got that joy, another guy said and laughed.

If you had, I'd have to whip your ass for touching my sexy delight, Mother said. Now you, bend over the hood of the car, dropped his panties, and prepare for Mother to love you.

Yes, Mother! I moaned, so eager to obey.

My tits heaved as I hopped to my feet. My short skirt flared, flashing my cherry-red panties and those naughty words at the boys. I darted for the car, my big tits heaving before me, nipples throbbing. I reached it and bent over, pressing my boobies into the hood. My nipples throbbed at the contact, drinking in the wonderful feel of the engine's warmth bleeding through the metal. My hands flicked up my skirt, my hips wiggling as I felt all those eyes on me, especially Mother's.

My thumbs hooked the waistband of my panties. I thrust them off my rump, groaning as I exposed my juicy pussy, my bush soaked by my excitement.

My mother clicked her tongue in exasperation. All that hair has to go, she said. When we get home, I'll teach you how to groom your cunt.

Yes, Mother! I gasped, so eager for that. 

I just came, but I'm still so wet to pop your cherry, Mother moaned. You'll be my little, sexy delight. My slut-daughter whore. You're everything I want, won't you?

Yes, I moaned. Just as long as I get to look hot. Just so long as everyone gets to see me.

I'll have that tattoo on your lower back. A tramp stamp that will let everyone know that your mommy's slutty little delight.

I groaned, my pussy clenching.

The tip of the dildo pressed into my hot flesh. I gasped as it slid up, brushing my clit before pressing on my hymen. I quivered, my toes flexing and curling, so ready for Mother's fake cock to ram into me to make me feel amazing. I just knew she'd give me such pleasure. She'd have me howling and gasping and screaming out in rapture.

Just like I made her.

I licked my spicy lips, savoring the flavor of her pussy as all the boys cheered: POP THAT CHERRY!

POP THAT CHERRY!

POP THAT CHERRY!

Mother thrust.

I gasped as my cherry popped. I felt my hymen tear, a sharp flash of pain that was swallowed by a tidal wave of rapture. The dildo slammed into my depths, the segmented body caressing my silky flesh. I groaned, my deflowered cunny squeezing down on her thick toy. Her crotch smacked into my rump, my body shuddering atop the hood of the car. My nipples throbbed against the metal.

I squirmed as she drew back, my pussy clinging to the shaft. I felt each one of the segments pop out of my pussy, leaving just the tip in me. With a groan, Mother slammed back into me. She buried that big, thick dick into my cunt, the pleasure rippling through me.

My face scrunched up with bliss. Stars burst across my eyes. I gasped and groaned, my hips wiggling, stirring my pussy around her thrusting toys. She panted and moaned, slamming into me hard, burying the dildo into me again and again.

I threw a look over my shoulder, watching her right boob bouncing, the left wanting to break free of her corset. Her face twisted with such while pleasure as she pounded my deflowered pussy. She rammed into me. She fucked my sixteen-year-old cunt hard and fast.

What a slutty daughter I have! she moaned. I'm going to pierce your nipples and lead you around by a leash!

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, my pleasure growing. Her every thrust brought me closer and closer to that magical moment.

You're gonna wear makeup and look like a painted harlot. My painted harlot. I'll buy you a breast pump. You'll use it every day until your boobs start lactating. You drank my milk, now I want to drink yours!

Oh, god, yes! I howled. Just fuck me, Mother!

I was delirious. Feverish. Her every thrust brought me closer and closer to that wonderful explosion. My first orgasm. I was so excited for it. She slammed the thick dildo so deep in me, the segments caressing my silky flesh. She churned my cunt up. I hurtled towards that rapturous moment.

Cum on your mother's big dildo, you sexy slut! growled the cheering boys.

Fuck your daughter until she comes like a whore!

Oh, my little slut's gonna cum hard, aren't you? Mother hissed. She grabbed a fistful of my hair and yanked my head up. My breasts bounce before me as I gasped. My pussy clenched around the segmented dildo.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned as her hand shot around my body.

She shoved my tube top up, my heavy breasts spilling into her squeezing grip. Her fingernails bit into my left tit as she controlled me. It felt so wonderful. She was in charge of everything about me. How I dressed. How I groomed myself. 

How hard I could cum.

Let me hear you scream out in rapture, my little slut-daughter.

Yes! I howled and orgasmed for the first time.

It was amazing.

Fireworks detonated inside me as my pussy convulsed around the dildo churning me up. My flesh spasmed and writhed about that amazing shaft plunging over and over again into my cunt. It was beyond words. She turned me churned me up, stirring me a hot froth as the pleasure rushed through my body. I whimpered, shuddering.

Waves of rapture slammed through my body. They drowned my mind. I came so hard, spots of light burst before me. I gasped and moaned, shuddering, my heavy tits heaving, my left breast clutched in mommy's tight grip. Her right hand gripped my hair, keeping my head pulled back as I cried out my rapture for the entire school to hear.

You're such a slut, Heather!

A dyke slut for your Mother!

Way to go, Mrs. Miller! You made that little whore cum!

Yes, I did! Mother howled and buried her dildo deep into my climaxing cunt.

I gasped and moaned as my flesh rippled and writhed around the dildo. Mother cried out with me. She joined me in rapture. We were both cumming for the entire school to see. They cheered us on. My mind melted as I reveled in being my mother's sexy delight.

The panties bunched around my knees proved exactly what I was. I was so glad I found them. Whoever accidentally left these kinky panties behind had changed everything for me.

I'm my Mother's slutty, sexy delight! I howled as my orgasm peaked in me.

I was going to enjoy the rest of my submissive life.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The figure smiled, glad that the panties were appreciated. The figure was eager for the next pair to be found. A tie-dyed, psychedelic riot, the colors all blending together in a swirl of psychedelic passion. A single word, each letter printed in different, garish color, ran across the panties.

Colorful.

The figure stroked each character, eager to go shopping again.

To be continued in the next tale of Mind-Controlling Panties...