Dean’s been keyed up ever since they hit the wendigo from both sides and ripped it apart. He was showing off on the run back to the car, he was fidgeting on the ride home, and now he’s all but frisking up the stairs. Sam can smell the high-energy arousal on his mate—pre-mating musk mingled with something like lightning and cinnamon—and even if the hunt hadn’t left him in the same mood he’d sure as hell be in it now, after having spent the last four hours cooped up with that maddening scent.

Once they’re inside the room and the door is shut behind them, Sam drops all pretense of casualness: catching the back of Dean’s shirt and pulling his mate flush with the front of his body. Dean comes willingly, giving an enthusiastic little wriggle against him and reaching back blindly to grab Sam’s ass.

“How do you want it?” Sam breathes in his mate’s ear.

He asks ‘how’ because ‘do’ isn’t a question. All four of them are panting for it—the cougar literally so, making harsh, needy noises inside Sam’s head and rolling restlessly through his body. Geri is being similarly distracting inside of Dean, Sam can tell, because his brother is completely loose against him in a way he only ever gets when Geri is close.

The only thing left to debate is the specifics—lube or not, upright or on the bed. Although really, with how Sam’s feeling right now, the bed might not make it through the encounter if that’s the way Dean wants to opt.

Dean doesn’t speak as he lets his hand fall away from Sam’s ass and eases out of his arms. Letting Dean go is difficult, especially when he smells like this—like warmth and desire and home and mate and pure, crackling energy. Somehow Sam manages, but he can’t quite bite back the low, agitated growl that swells in the back of his throat. That’s the cougar’s doing, not his, although the cougar is somewhat mollified by the view as Dean pulls off his shirt and pads to the bathroom.

Their mate pauses in the doorway, sending a quick, playful glance backward that’s nothing but Geri. The wolf’s damned near insatiable when it comes to Sam, likes teasing him almost as much as Dean, and the flickering heat it’s putting in Dean’s eyes right now says ‘come get me’ louder and more succinctly than Dean could manage with just words alone.

Sam doesn’t need asking twice.

Shucking off his own clothing, he hurries to join his mate—who has finished stripping in record time—just outside the shower. Dean has his arm stuck under the spray, checking the temperature. Sam only means to wrap around him from behind, maybe give him a grope or two, but the cougar seizes control (all water’s the same as far as it’s concerned, no point in waiting) and knocks them into Dean from behind. The collision sends them both stumbling into the stall.

The water’s still a little too cool, especially in contrast with Sam’s body temperature, which is running a little hotter than normal these days, and he reaches out to turn the temperature up while biting down on the side of his mate’s neck.

“’S fucking cold,” Dean complains, giving his shoulders a little shake.

Sam grunts in agreement and bites down again, harder this time, which makes Dean swear and jerk. He isn’t trying to get away, though, and when Sam bumps his aching cock against Dean’s ass, Dean cants his hips back for it while bracing himself against the side of the stall.

“Can I?” the cougar asks as it comes forward again and noses at the fresh bruise Sam just left on the side of Dean’s neck. “I wish to mate you.”

Sam’s surprised by the cougar’s initiative—it doesn’t usually do this, contenting itself with watching from the back of Sam’s head—but then again the moment fits all of the andi’s usual requirements for active participation. It just isn’t bold enough to ask their mate for this when Dean isn’t already far enough gone not to really care how he gets it anymore. It’s too afraid of being turned down: afraid of alarming Dean and spoiling the moment.

Sam’s pretty sure that their mate has moved past whatever issues he might have had with the cougar in the beginning, but he understands its caution. They have time to ease into things, after all. Or they will, as long as they survive the coming war intact.

Dean groans, pushing his ass back against Sam’s cock. There’s water in his hair—stray droplets since Sam is taking the brunt of the now-steaming spray—and he gives his head a shake while splaying his fingers against the wall in a helpless motion. Sam can practically taste his mate’s arousal now, lying thick and wet in the air.

“Please,” the cougar begs with their shared voice. Pushing their hand between Dean’s crotch and the side of the stall, it grips his full cock and gives it a pull. “Deanmate.”

“What the hell do you want,” Dean demands as he bucks his hips in rough, frantic movements—trying to get Sam’s cock where he wants it, or maybe Sam’s hand to move faster on his dick. “An engraved invitation?”

“Permission,” the cougar answers. Somehow, it’s ignoring all the signals Dean is sending out to lightly stroke his side. “I would not mate you without—”

“Just—Christ, Garfield. I don’t give a shit who’s driving, but one of you better fuck me right now, damn it.”

Sam knows from little pulse of contented anticipation the cougar sends his way that it’s going to accept that as permission enough and settles in to enjoy the ride. Sure enough, the cougar doesn’t wait before hauling one of Dean’s thighs up and stretching him wide. Agile as ever, Dean keeps his balance on one foot while continuing to rub back against them with eager, enticing squirms.

He’s moving insistently enough that it takes the cougar a couple of tries to hit the mark. Once it finds what it’s looking for, though, the cougar pushes in immediately. Sam always makes sure to prep their mate when he’s in charge—at the very least, he gives Dean the benefit of lube—but the cougar isn’t following anything but primal urges as it enters and takes.

Dean grunts with the force of that first thrust, insides painfully tight and twitching around their cock. He doesn’t stop moving, though, and his own cock gives an interested jerk where it’s still cradled in Sam’s hand.

“Fuck, furball,” he pants. “Little warning’d be nice.”

The cougar growls in the back of Sam’s throat, getting a firmer grip on Dean’s thigh with the hand not holding his cock and hoisting it still higher. “We will mate you now,” it announces, and then it bites down—hard—on the back of Dean’s neck and starts to move.

The cougar isn’t as inventive as Sam—not because it doesn’t know how; Sam has felt it studying his technique and knows it understands the merits of foreplay. It just asks for this rarely enough that the pent up energy and desire burning inside of it spill out into rough, claiming thrusts and this single bite—deep enough to mark and draw blood. Dean hisses against the side of the stall as their teeth sink into his skin, but he’s still doing his best to move with them, pushing back and down as the cougar snaps Sam’s hips forward and up.

It’s good—being inside of Dean like this is always good—but the angle is awkward in here, the space cramped. There’s water spilling down on Sam’s back (he doesn’t care, but the cougar isn’t thrilled with that one) and he can sense the cougar’s mounting irritation and frustration with the situation.

It’s distracting his own enjoyment—getting in the way of paying attention to Dean—so Sam takes a moment to suggest, sink?, and is immediately answered with a pulse of grateful assent.

The cougar pulls out of Dean just as roughly as it entered him, and their mate lets out a shaky swear, angling his head back over his shoulder to rasp, “Why’d you stop?”

“Come,” the cougar orders instead of answering, grabbing him around the waist and hauling him out of the spray.

Dean follows without a fight, although the way he twists around in their arms and starts kissing them is more than a little distracting. Sam can’t help coming forward a bit himself at that: mingling with the cougar until he isn’t sure which of them is trying to unhinge their mate’s jaw and get their tongue down his throat.

It’s the cougar who finally pulls back with a growl, though: spinning Dean around and shoving him at the sink. Dean grunts at the impact, but he gets with the program right away, hefting one leg up onto the counter without being asked and pushing his ass back like a bitch in heat. He even whines as the cougar steps back into place and fucks home, filling Dean with a single smooth thrust. It’s like sliding into warm silk, and Sam can’t imagine how he lived so long without having this, or even imagining it possible.

“Harder,” Dean moans as the cougar starts to move. “C’mon, open me up already.”

The cougar obliges while leaning down and catching the nape of his neck in their mouth again. It rolls the skin around on their tongue, teeth sinking in and worrying enough to bring a flood of coppery blood. As their hips speed even further, Dean’s muscles give a ripple before surrendering and loosening a little around them.

“Fuck,” Dean swears helplessly as a second, stronger ripple takes him. “Oh, fuck.”

The wave of arousal inside of Sam is peaking now: cresting high and driving the cougar insatiate with their thrusts. It isn’t thinking about Dean’s comfort anymore—isn’t thinking about anything but mating—and the rational part of Sam’s mind winces as he sees the counter crack with the force of a particularly rough thrust.

Dean’s still panting for it, though, and he smells just as needy as he did before, which means he’s into it. He’ll probably complain later—just for the sake of complaining, as far as Sam can tell: or so he can guilt Sam into hand-feeding him snacks from the kitchen—but for now Sam keeps his mouth shut and his mind to himself as the cougar finishes for them both, spilling into Dean through thrusts that are finally faltering.

After, it doesn’t pull out: leaving their cock buried deep within Dean the way it always does. It claims to like the intimacy of the sensation, but it can’t actually lie to Sam and he knows that there’s instinct driving this habit—keep the seed buried deep and the mate is likelier to catch. Not that Dean’s going to be managing that one.

A rumbling, sated purr fills Sam’s mind as the cougar licks and nuzzles at the bite on the back of their mate’s neck. It’s finished—they both are—but Dean is still hot and squirming beneath them and now the cougar uses their hand to bring him off, holding their mate’s cock as it finally spurts its own release against the broken counter. Finished, Dean drops his head down and goes limp.

The cougar’s contentment takes on a fond, amused edge as it continues to lap the salt and traces of blood from his skin.

“Nnmph,” Dean manages after a few minutes.

The cougar responds with a gentle nuzzle to the side of his face before pulling free (Dean groans) and scooping Dean up in their arms. Sam watches from the background as the cougar carries their exhausted mate into the bedroom and lies him down on the bed. It doesn’t bother getting a wet cloth to wipe them both down the way Sam would have, instead crawling in next to Dean and starting to clean him with slow licks along his skin—starting with his throat first and then working its way down the to the rest of his body.

“Mmmm,” Dean drawls, shifting lazily. “Feel free to stop that just about never.”

It’s a measure of how far the four of them have come that Dean lies there easily as the cougar licks him clean. His eyes are closed, his face lax. When they get down to his legs, he parts his thighs with a low, aroused moan that draws Sam’s attention to the fact that his mate is more than ready for round two. His own libido gives a mirroring jump—and now that the initial rush of energy has been sated, they can take their time. Savor the connection.

As it licks along the inner crease of Dean’s right thigh, head turned sideways and nose brushing the full sacs of Dean’s balls, the cougar sends a questing thought Sam’s way. For several, tempting moments, Sam considers accepting the offered control over their shared body (Dean’s fucking irresistible when he’s as unselfconscious as he is right now) and then eases deeper instead.

I think you’re doing fine, he says.

The cougar continues to hesitate—the after-mating cleaning is routine, but it always cedes to Sam for the encore—and then Dean’s hand finds their hair and pats clumsily.

“Why’d y’stop?” he slurs.

“I thought you would be more comfortable if Sam continues,” the cougar confesses. It sounds a little nervous—worried that Dean’s going to be upset it hasn’t withdrawn already—but Dean only scrapes his nails against their scalp and smiles.

“For an all-knowing cat, Garfield, you’re pretty dense.”

For the first time, there’s no accompanying throb of annoyance at the nickname from the cougar. It watches Dean’s face steadily, searching for a hint of the lie it’s sure is there. But deeper, trapped down inside Sam's chest, come the first, faint stirrings of hope. Sam winces and wishes he had control of his hand right now so he could rub away the yearning ache.

Well, what’re you waiting for? he asks, giving the cougar a mental shove. Go get ‘im, tiger.

The ache spreads as the cougar realizes that this is happening, that Dean is offering this—offering himself—and then eases into joyful, trembling warmth. Sam breathes a soft sigh of relief and retreats as far as he's able, giving the cougar this moment for itself. He'll have plenty of time to rejoice with it later: plenty of time to be with Dean.

No matter how deep he goes, he can still feel the cougar purring.