Best Laid Plans (Chapter Eleven)

Angel lips. Lips of Angel. Cool, delicious, skillful lips of Angel.

Willow wasn’t really sure why this was happening, but hey, she could say that about half the stuff that had ever happened in her entire life - at least half the stuff that had ever happened in her entire life. And unlike most things she couldn’t find a good reason for, she was enjoying this - quite a lot, actually. Angel could kiss. Of course, he’d had lots of time to practice, but she still had to give him a big round of applause for technique. Maybe she only had three people to compare him to, but she had the feeling that even if she had three hundred, she’d still think he was tops.

Oh gosh. She’d only kissed three people before. What if she was such an amateur that Angel was disgusted? But wait, if he was disgusted he wouldn’t be pulling her closer and making those neat little moans that were making her pull him closer. And oooh! Hands! Hands in new places! And not just his...

Oh god. Oh goddess. Whatever. She’d never had any complaints about Oz in the size department, but Angel, from what she could feel, definitely outranked him. She was thinking porn star right about now...especially since she couldn’t seem to stop stroking it and it just kept getting bigger. Was that a vampire thing or was Angel greatly endowed as a human? And why was she thinking about this? She and Angel were so not going to have sex...were they? Making out was one thing; sex would definitely be bad. Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.

Then Angel’s hand started doing this really amazing thing and there were fingers in surprising places and...would sex really honestly be such a terrible idea? After all, it wouldn’t technically be cheating on Tara because they were sort of broken up and hey - she was bisexual! Shouldn’t that mean she was allowed to have one of each?

Wait a minute. She and Angel barely knew each other. Okay, they had in fact known each other for a long time but still, they hadn’t really had an in-depth conversation that wasn’t about Buffy until yesterday and...

Buffy. That was a bracing shower of cold water and Willow found herself actually able to think rationally again. She did not want to be a consolation prize, the girl Angel used to soothe his wounded ego because the girl he really wanted was off getting spanked by his ex-lover, and she didn’t want to use Angel either (though the fact that thinking of Tara had not caused her nearly the distress that thinking about Buffy had was extremely worrying).

“Angel,” she panted as his mouth moved in this really distracting way down her neck. “Angel. We need to stop.”

She wasn’t sure whether she was happy or sad or maybe even a little insulted (and okay, yeah, there was a frustration thing happening too since he’d been getting her into a pretty turned on state) that he stopped immediately. But then, he could be feeling the exact same way since she was the one who initially slammed on the brakes. And what was up with the car metaphors lately?

“Willow...”

“No, Angel, we really do need to stop. I mean, not that it wasn’t neat and all. Because you’re a really great kisser and I was...well...I was really big with the liking of what you were doing and I’m sorry about my hand and everything and letting you...you know...with your hand, because you probably got the idea that this was gonna go a lot further, but...”

“It’s okay.”

“It is?” And did she just sound more offended than relieved? Oh no.

Angel chuckled, and while it was still darn sexy, it was not good for Willow’s ego at this moment. “I want you, Willow. I want you badly. But you’re right. We should slow down, figure out what’s happening between us. And there’s Tara. I don’t want to do anything that will ruin your relationship with her.”

Huh? No mention of Buffy? That was a bit confusing. Of course, he had said that he wasn’t sure he was in love with her anymore, but she hadn’t really believed he meant it. Maybe he did. As for Tara...

“There isn’t a relationship with Tara. Not now, anyway.” This was the point at which Willow’s mouth and mind started moving at the same speed, thus her words were as new to her as they were to Angel. Even she wasn’t totally ready for them. “I don’t know how I feel anymore. I mean, when I found the spell book, to be honest, all I could think about was how doing that spell was going to make Buffy forgive me and get Tara to want me back because she wouldn’t see me as a bad witch who could never be around magick anymore. But then when I got to L.A. and I saw you and we started having these kind of weird moments and feelings and... It’s so confusing. I mean, just a few days ago I could have sworn I was gay and that Tara was all I wanted, but then you...and the thing just now with the kissing...and...”

She stopped. First off, she needed air. Second, she couldn’t form the words to say what came next. Her brain had sort of shorted out what with the shock of realizing she might not be in love with Tara anymore. She still loved her, but it was a fondness now, and it was...exactly like what she felt for Oz.

When had this happened? Where had she been when it did? How had it happened? And why? Tara was her girl - they were a forever kind of couple and...this was precisely what Angel was going through right now. What were the odds that two people could have this exact angst at the exact same time? Why was she even asking that question? They were on a Hellmouth. The odds were great.

“I understand, Willow. Before you came to L.A., I thought I still loved Buffy; I thought I might be falling for Cordelia.” Willow tried to stifle a snort, but obviously didn’t succeed completely. Angel gave her a smirk before continuing.

“Then you showed up and...I feel like there’s something special between us. Like you know me. Like I know you. It might not seem like I paid much attention to you before, but I did. I just didn’t know...I didn’t...I didn’t really know how to talk to you. But now, now it’s different. And I’m sure you think it’s because of the spell and I know you think this has something to do with Buffy and Spike but...” Angel held up his hand to forestall her protest at the exact second Willow opened her mouth. Damn he was good. And really, he was right, so she needed to just keep her mouth shut. “But it doesn’t, Willow. It doesn’t. I wasn’t thinking about Buffy at all when I was kissing you. And believe me, I was attracted to you long before you ever did that spell.”

Now that was new. Okay, the other stuff Angel had said was technically more important, but what was this about being attracted to her before?

“Yeah, I was.”

Okay, she knew for a fact she hadn’t said a thing out loud. Once again, the intuition thing was getting to be a bit too much. And there’d been the chuckle too, which was way too heavy a strain to put on her poor, beleaguered hormones.

“When?” She might as well just go with the flow and ask her questions.

There was that chuckle again. She needed to remind herself that it would be a bad idea to rip off her clothes and jump him right this minute.

“That night when I came to your room? You remember? To ask you about Ford?”

“You were attracted to me then?”

“Oh yeah.” Angel seemed lost in the memory for a moment and Willow felt a pang of jealousy...of herself? “You had the longest legs...peeking out from under that thin white shirt...the cute way you hid that bra. Innocent and sexy - quite a combination. Mmmm.”

“But you were in love with Buffy then. Really in love with her.”

“Yes, I was, but that didn’t mean I wasn’t a man, Willow, a man with a good pair of eyes.” Willow snorted again, her mind going back to the days when no one even thought she was female, let alone attractive. She had just been a walking, talking brain.

“Believe me, I had to change the sheets more than one day after the dreams I had about you.”

There were dreams? Really? About her? Oh gosh. And how pathetically shallow was she? Because this frivolous revelation served like sandpaper on her memories, smoothing the rough, painful edges of those moments that were still so fresh, moments that still hurt her to recall. But not now, not knowing that while Cordelia was mocking her and Xander was ignoring her and every boy in school treated her like a sexless geek, Angel was having naughty thoughts about her. As much as she should feel guilty about him lusting after her, even if it was only slightly, when he was Buffy’s boyfriend, she couldn’t make it happen. It was too much of a blessing to have this - this glorious redefinition of her identity.

Her eyes welled up with tears and she started to turn away. Angel’s hand under her chin stopped her. “Don’t cry, Willow. You’re a beautiful woman, you always were. Xander...those other boys? They were idiots.”

“I know, it’s just...”

“It’s just that you don’t believe it. Not really. I wish you could see yourself the way I do, Willow.”

They sat, staring into each other’s eyes, for what seemed like an eternity but was probably only a few seconds. Then Angel spoke again.

“I guess this feels pretty sudden, doesn’t it?”

Okay, kind of a non sequitur, but apropos, certainly.

“Yeah, I mean...yeah.” And what her reply lacked in eloquence, it more than made up for in lame. Sheesh, Willow. Try and come up with something a little more in keeping with the intellectual you’re supposed to be. “It’s just...I’m not used to sudden. With Oz...with Tara...it grew over time and it was kind of a slow, steady, building up kind of thing. I’m not used to things that I haven’t had a chance to get used to, you know?”

Way to go, Willow. There sure wasn’t anything lame about that...except for every single word of it. Did sexual frustration make women as stupid as it did men? Or was it that deep down she was basically an idiot and was just now finding that out?

Angel smiled. “I know. This is kind of weird for me, too. But it’s a good kind of weird. And it’s a weird I’d like to explore some more. That is, if you want to, I mean.”

Those last words gave Willow a little bit of a shock. Angel was...insecure? Uncertain? Angel? There was something about that which made Willow find him all the more attractive. Or maybe attractive wasn’t quite the word. It made her find him more...she couldn’t really find the right word. She just knew that she felt closer to him somehow, and her heart felt safer.

Whoa! Hold on one minute there...her heart? When had they gotten to the heart place? And where had she been during the trip? Oh goddess. Sudden didn’t even begin to describe the way this was going.

“Yeah, I want to, Angel.”

What was she saying? She didn’t even know if Angel was really interested in anything serious. What if he figured out that she was kind of, sort of, maybe having deep type feelings for him and freaked out?

“I’m not looking for a casual fling, Willow. If you’re not sure...”

Oh my. He’d been thinking the same sort of things that she had been? Once again with the “how weird was that?” and with the wondering about this intuition thing and how deep it went.

“I’m not really a casual kind of girl. I don’t even think I’d know how...to be casual, I mean. You know? Because I’ve never even been on a date with somebody who I wasn’t in a serious relationship with or who I ended up being that way with. Not that there have been that many, just Oz and Tara. And okay, yeah, there was the fluking with Xander, but that doesn’t really count because we never dated and there was only kissing and...oh my gosh! Cordelia’s going to kill me!”

Angel looked extremely perplexed and for a moment, Willow wasn’t sure why. Then she realized that she had kind of gone off on a tangent at the end there and maybe Angel wasn’t as hyper-aware of her shared past with Cordelia as she was.

“This makes the second time I’ve sort of stolen a guy from her.”

Angel still looked perplexed.

“Xander? Remember? They were together back in high school?”

“Oh yeah.”

“Well, the fluking thing was what broke them up. She walked in on us kissing when Spike was holding us captive in that warehouse.”

“I remember that now.”

“Yeah, well, Cordelia’s not going to like that it’s happened again. I mean, if we’re together. Because maybe I misunderstood you, but I kind of thought you meant we were sort of a couple now and I just don’t think it’s going to be pretty when we break the news...if there’s any news to break that is. And did I just make a gigantic fool out of myself?”

Angel laughed, his hand going around the back of her neck to pull her close. He kissed...the top of her head. Darn.

“She’s changed, Willow, she’s changed a lot. Besides, we weren’t actually together. It was pretty much some tension and a little flirting. Loneliness more than anything. Believe me, it wasn’t serious and she won’t hate you.”

Sure thing, Angel. Cordelia absolutely had changed that much. And Willow was going to walk into the Magic Box and find out that Anya had become a nun and given all her money to the poor.

Was Angel delusional? Oh no. Was he? Was that why he suddenly found her attractive? Was this like that time he’d mistaken her for Buffy? Looking into his eyes, though...he looked sane. He also looked a bit doubtful. Okay, this was good. He had a solid enough grip on reality to at least know inside that Cordelia probably wasn’t going to help plan their wedding...not that they were going to get married. After all, she figured vampires probably weren’t so big on the whole “‘til death do us part” thing, what with already being dead and all.

This was all getting very serious and complicated and worrying. She needed to clear her head. Plus, she figured it might be a good idea for them to do something other than sit there in an empty house all alone. As much as she wanted him (and her body was cursing her in eight dead languages and five demonic ones right now), she knew that sex would probably be a big mistake so soon after first discovering they were even attracted to each other.

“Wanna take a walk with me? I mean, I might as well take advantage of having a really great bodyguard to go for a walk and get a breath of that clear, Hellmouth-y night air.”

“Yeah, sure. I’ve kind of missed the charms of moonlit walks in Sunnydale.” That intuition thing suddenly seemed like one heck of a blessing to Willow. He understood. And he was okay with it.

She’d left her bags in Angel’s car, so she ran upstairs to her old room, grabbed a jacket from her closet, thanked the goddess that it still fit, and bounded down the stairs. He was smiling as she took his hand and led him out the door.

For a moment as they strode down the path to the sidewalk, she was a bit unsure of her idea, but she knew Buffy’s patrol routes and hey, she was probably otherwise occupied with Spike right now anyway. And it wasn’t like any of the rest of the gang would be out and about at this hour. She and Angel would have a nice walk and no one would be the wiser. There would be one night of calm before they’d both have to figure out how to do a whole lot of explaining...and live through it.

Thinking of Cordelia (and Buffy, if she was honest to herself about her best friend), she resolved that it might actually be wise to just enjoy being alive while she could. She wasn’t at all sure that she could come up with any spin to put on the news of her new couple-y status with Angel that would safeguard her continued ability to breathe. Huh. Maybe she should have just ripped off her clothes and jumped him after all.

Tbc...