



===========================================================
T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
===========================================================














Chloe and Mom
Homer Vargas
Vargas111@hooyahooya.com
Part 7

slutwife, humor, preg
Point of View: First Person

Redistribution: No restriction except that the story
may not be changed/edited and the title, author's name
and email, and request for feedback must remain
intact.

Summary: The older sisters of Chloe's lovers visit. 
Chloe has been naughty.  What will be her punishment? 
What will be her husband's reward?

First Posted 8/18/02
Last Edited 8/18/02


This is inspired by the great story "Letters to
Mother" by LKWRITER@HOTMAIL.COM.  The following are
letters from a different daughter to a different mom. 
Also inspired by CDE.

Chloe and Mom 7
by Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com

Dear Mom,

Oh, Mom, so much has happened!  I don't know what to
think, what to do.  I,...  I may have lost my Sydney! 
I guess I did not realize how hurt and humiliated he
has been by my fucking Darrell and Martin so often,
letting Darrell make me pregnant, and by letting them
show me off in public with Sydney tagging along.  I
just do not understand men!  They are so focused on
fucking.  Doesn't Sydney realize that for a woman, the
love for her husband has little to do with sex?  A
wife wants so much more from the man she loves.  She
wants cuddling and comfort, and security, a man to
tell pointless stories to in endless, irrelevant
detail, a man to order around, someone whose faults
and shortcoming she can criticize, whose advice and
preferences in apparel and make up and sleepwear she
can ignore, someone to blame when things go wrong.

I've tried to explain to Sydney that Darrell and
Martin do none of these things for me; they are just a
release for my animal passions and a source of DNA for
mating.  Material things!  I don't LOVE Darrell and
Martin no matter how often I let them fuck me and how
hard and how loudly they make me come.  If I didn't
love Sidney, would I allow him to suck my lovers'
thick rich sperm from my pussy?  And how many wives
will happily let their husbands come in their hands or
in their mouth and sip up his jizz, I ask you?  How
can Sydney do this to me?  It's so unfair!

Sorry, Mom, I'm sort of getting ahead of myself; you
don't know what I'm talking about.  Everything seemed
so perfect until a few months ago.  I was a sexy,
knocked up white wife with two big black lovers to
keep me well fucked and a sweet, rich, docile husband
who adored me.  What more could a woman want?  The
first cloud on the horizon was Darrell telling me one
day that La Toya and Monique, his and Martin's older
sisters were coming to town for a visit.  That seemed
odd that both sisters would be arriving to visit at
the same time.

That mystery was cleared up when Martin explained how,
just as he and Darrel had grown up together in the
'hood, La Toya and Monique had been best friends since
grade school and were practically inseparable.  I
sensed in Martin's explanation, however, a tension
that Darrell partly cleared up.  La Toya and Monique
were several years older than Martin and Darrell and
the two of them had more or less reared their little
brothers as their mothers were both occupied bringing
a slew of still younger brothers and sisters into the
world.  The way he told it let me know that both men
still knew who was boss.

Darrell was as nervous as Martin was about his older
sister's visit, as if he'd been caught doing something
naughty or had something to be ashamed of.  I couldn't
understand that, since both men were professionals
with good incomes who had every reason to be proud of
their accomplishments.

As soon as their sisters arrived in town, Darrell and
Martin just vanished.  Darrell called once to say they
were busy, not to expect them to come over to fuck me,
and NOT to call him or Martin.  Well, that was okay
for a day or two, but after three or four, I was
climbing the walls.  I was seriously pregnant, Mom,
and my pussy needed frequent pounding.  Your vibrator
was keeping me sane, but not happy.  As they say,
desperate times, desperate means; I decided to let
Sydney eat me even without being full of come.

Wow!  It was great, Mom.  All this time I thought it
was knowing Sydney was lapping up my lovers' semen
that got me off when it was just his skilled tongue. 
In fact it was even better than when he was playing
clean-up, since, seeing I was doing this out of real
need, he put his heart and soul into pleasing me.  He
made me come and come until I didn't know what I was
doing.  Then he was beside me, his fingers in me,
keeping me at a low boil, telling me how much he loved
me, how beautiful he thought I was, how cute and
delicious my pussy was, how sexy I was with my by now
pretty big belly, and how much he wanted to fuck me.

That's what he said, he wanted to fuck me!  And before
I could stop him, he was getting into position.  I
knew it wasn't right to cheat on Martin and Darrell
this way, but I was so astonished by Sydney's actions
and so damned horny from four days without a cock in
me and no prospects of one, I let him in.  Then I got
a second surprise: I felt him.  I thought I had been
permanently stretched by Martin's and Darrell's
monsters, but I was nice and tight around Sydney's
little seven-inch penis.  I guess it had been a silly
idea; it's my pussy muscles that keep my cunny tight,
not rubber bands.  Of course I didn't have that
incomparable "Thanksgiving turkey" sensation, but it
was nice.  And Sydney had apparently learned some
things from watching Martin and Darrell fuck me all
those times.  He took his time, thrusting
deliberately, maintaining contact with my clit.  And
he did something else that Darrell and Martin never
did.  All the time he fucked me he was telling me he
loved me, he adored me, he was so happy I was his
wife.

The combination of his improved cocksmanship and his
words sent me into orbit.  I started coming and
coming, far better than a vibrator, better even than
Darrell and Marten could make me.  I was bawling even
as my orgasms were popping like a string of
firecrackers.  Dimly I realized why.  Sydney was
making love to me -- and it was wonderful.  When he'd
tried when we were first married, I was just not
responsive.  Martin and Darrel had unleashed my libido
and now I was in heaven as my loving husband was doing
what loving husbands do best: loving their wives.

We did sleep in each others arms like happy little
snakes and, although Sydney did not fuck me three or
four more times that night as Darrell or Martin would
have, he did wake me up with a mind blowing pussy
licking and when he told me (not asked!) to turn over,
he was going to give me a doggy fuck, you'd better
believe your daughter's ass was in the air in nothing
flat.  He didn't "pound" me, just got up a nice steady
rhythm, playing with my tits and whispering how lovely
and desirable I was until I was bawling and coming all
over again.

Who knows what might have happened, Mom, if Darrell
hadn't called that very day to say he and Martin
wanted to bring La Toya and Monique over for dinner
that night.  In light of what had just happened
between Sydney and me, I was a little reluctant.  I
was actually looking forward to just a quick dinner
and making love to my husband again.  Darrell didn't
sound too happy about the arrangement, either, but he
was insistent.  If I'd only turned him down, only told
him I was through with him and Martin and just wanted
to be a hot but faithful wife for Sydney from then on,
things would have been so different.  But I didn't.  I
still wanted the raw, passionate, animalistic FUCKING
from those two back studs to go along with the sweet
lovemaking I had just discovered.

Sydney wasn't happy about the dinner either, but he
was used to me having my way.  I had the house help
prepare a rather fancy meal and we dressed up.  Sydney
was quite handsome in his expensive suit and he
couldn't go on enough about how beautiful and sexy I
was in the lime green cocktail dress, deliciously
poked out by my bulging tummy, and matching spaghetti
strap 5-inch heels.

My lovers brought La Toya and Monique around up right
on time.  Sydney and I were both astonished.  These
were beautiful women!  Both were almost as tall as
their brothers and I wasn't the only one in 5-inch
heels.  I felt puny compared to these black goddesses.
 Monique was slim but her bust dwarfed my own and she
moved with a sinuous sexiness in a long clinging pink
gown slit almost up to her slit.  La Toya was not
quite so tall, but marvelously endowed in every other
way - enormous breasts, ample hips, an eye-popping ass
well displayed by her tight red mini-skirt, but a
waist not much bigger than mine before Darrel put the
baby in me.  Sydney just stared and he never stares at
women, at least when I'm around.

Dinner was pleasant but the conversation was
superficial.  Monique was a doctor and a bit reserved;
La Toya was a garrulous lawyer.  Both found lots to
talk about with Sydney -- literature, politics,
history.  I couldn't follow most of it and Darrell and
Martin didn't say much, still looking quite
uncomfortable.  Sydney, who was sitting between
Monique and La Toya, lapped up the attention of these
two gorgeous, intelligent women and, I'd swear, was
almost flirting with them.  In turn, it was obvious
they thought my Sydney was cute as a bug and were
practically fawning over him.  I felt a twinge of
jealousy, strange coming from a married woman sitting
between her two lovers and heavily pregnant with the
baby of one of them.

When dinner was over and we had retired to the sitting
room, the mood of the evening turned suddenly somber. 
"Our brothers know what this is all about Mrs.
Parkingham.  It's time you did too, La Toya
pronounced.

"Sydney, come sit with us sweetie," Monique smiled
patting a space on the couch between them.

Sydney looked uncomfortable, but he was used to taking
orders from a women and complied.  I looked from
Martin to Darrell for support, but got none. 
Suddenly, I knew I was on trial with La Toya as the
prosecuting attorney.  She fixed me with her eye.

"Is it true, Mrs. Parkingham that for the last year
almost, you have been carrying on an affaire with
these two ... men?"  Darrell and Martin cringed the
way she said "men."  I felt quite afraid.

"I, er, ... well, I wouldn't say it was ..."

"And just what WOULD you say it was, Mrs. Parkingham? 
You were letting them fuck your little brains out,
weren't you?"

"Well, yes, but ... I wasn't CHEATING!  I let Sydney
know what I was doing almost from the beginning.  He
even got to watch most of the time,"  I must say, Mom,
it didn't sound like a very good defense even to me.

"How could you DO that to this adorable man?" Monique
asked pressing herself a little more tightly against
Sydney.  "Did humiliating him make it BETTER?"

I knew I was just getting in deeper, but I persisted,
"I didn't want to hurt him.  I just wanted him around.
 He's my husband, after all."

"And he was "around" when this womanizing reprobate,"
La Toya glared especially hard at her brother, "made
you pregnant?"

I just nodded.

Monique stroked Sydney's cheek.

"You made your husband, who loved you dearly, watch
while another man impregnated his wife?  And as your
belly has grown not a day as gone by that you have not
made him aware that you are carrying another man's
child?  I guess I have to agree with you, Mrs.
Parkingham.  What you had with your two 'lovers,' two
'fuckers' is a better word, is far to tawdry, too
cheep, too disgusting to be called and 'affaire.'"

"You really are a fool, a stupid, slutty fool,"
Monique interjected.  "Didn't you realize what a
treasure you had -- a rich, intelligent, considerate
man who loved you totally?  You gave that all up for
what?"  Monique now had her arm around Sydney.

"But I didn't give   "

"That's right," snapped La Toya.  "You didn't give
your husband anything!  He didn't get the passionate,
nasty sex every man wants.  You never dressed like a
slut for HIM, never gave him head, never gave your
body wholly to him, to please as he wished.  To you, a
few more inches, a little more girth on a cock, was
more important than love, devotion, security.  You
really are a silly cunt!"

I wanted to shrivel up and die.

"You don't deserve a man like this," Monique sighed. 
Her hand was in Sydney's crotch."

"A man like Sydney deserves a woman that will keep a
smile on his face," La Toya grinned."

"Or two women." Monique added with a smirk. "And we're
going to make sure he gets it."

"You can't do that!" I protested.  "Sydney is my
husband and I love him.  Just last nigh we made
wonderful love."  Sydney nodded in confirmation,
clearly distracted by Monique's hand between his legs.

"I'm sooo happy for you, my dear," La Toys replied,
her voice dripping sarcasm.  "You can remember just
what you'll be missing.  My brother and his worthless
friend can have you.  You AND your bastard child."

"This delicious man is ours" Monique almost cooed as
she kissed  my embarrassed husband passionately.

"Mrpftg," Sidney was trying to speak but not to
successfully, as Monique's tongue was apparently
playing footsie with his tonsils. 

"Leave my man ALONE," I demanded.  

"He AIN'T yo man no mo!" La Toya spat, the veneer of
cultivation falling away as she prepared for a
catfight, if needed.

"Mrggh, ... 's right," Sydney managed to get out.  "I
love Chloe and she loves me."

"Hush yo mouth, honey," La Toya ordered as Monique
silenced Sydney again with another searing kiss.  "Yo'
n't know what luv is 'till you's had two black women
luvin' ya!  Get the white bitch outta here, boys" La
Toya addressed the men on either side of me.  "Fuck
'er or suck 'er, or whatever will keep her out of our
hair.  We's got some serious man-pleasin' to do."

Ignoring my protests, Martin and Darrell hustled me
out of my house.  My last glimpse of Sydney was of
Monique all over him as La Toya was pulling down his
pants.  Later in bed, my body reacted as usual to
those massive cocks, one in my pussy and one in my
ass.  I screamed as loudly as always when my orgasm
hit, but I was still thinking about Sydney.

What am I going to do?

Tell me, Mom,

Chloe

*****

Dear Mom,

The six months were up today and the divorce became
final without my consent.  Darrell says he will marry
me and give our baby his name, but he hasn't said
when.  Tiffany is beautiful and when she's nursing at
my still swollen breasts, it's had to regret the way
things worked out.  Still, I can't help thinking of
what might have been.  Darrell fucks me good and
that's nice, but running a house for him is not so
much fun without servants to do the housework.  Often
I'm just too tired to fuck and that makes him mad. 
I've had to go on the pill, too, as Darrell says we
can't afford another bay anytime soon.  My plans for a
big family look doubtful.  Martin as moved on, having
gotten a hot little stockbroker pregnant and moved
with her.

I still see Sydney every once in a while.  He seems so
much more handsome, more masculine now.  He looks very
happy whether he's with La Toya, who is Chief Counsel
for Parkingham Industries, or with Monique, who is
head of Gynecology and Obstetrics at the Parkingham
Foundation Hospital.  I think he's marrying Monique. 
Both live with him in what used to be our house and
both are pregnant again with his babies.

I wish I were, Mom.

Love,

Chloe

The End

Comments please to:
Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com



=====
My stories are now found on
http://www.storiesonline.net (Thanks Lazeez) 
http://www.eroticstories.com (Thanks, Art)
http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/stories.html (Thanks Kristen)
