My first Experience on Exhibitionism

Written by Jeevan based on the mail received from my Fan Jyothi.

jeevna80@yahoo.com


Hi Jeeevan

             Firstly sorry for not writing to you all these days. Family Problems I had. And nothing had happened about exhibitionism.
After receiving your mail I read it carefully. What you had said about courage and boldness was correct. I could not go ahead with your ideas but slowly I was thinking on them seriously. The thought of publicly exposing my body made me wet and there was not a day I came with the idea. In last month I could act on your advice and finally I got courage to showoff. It happened last month 30th.  That day I was wearing typical half sari, the south-Indian ladies wear. It was pink in colour and the colour was bright. I wore matching blouse and lehenga. When I looked into the mirror I saw that much portion of my stomach was visible through the dress. I adjusted the sari so that it was tight around my ass and just lowered it a bit so that some portion of my belly button was also visible. I could not expose more as you know how people think of such a lady. But still I was sure it was sufficient to pass the signal that I wanted men to look at me. I was going by bus and it was very much crowded. In Coimbatore the bus will have first half reserved for ladies and the remaining was unreserved. There was heavy rush in the bus and I could not go in the front portion reserved for ladies. This made me excited because this gave me opportunity to stand in the gent's portion of the bus. I was excited and felt lust in me. Because of rush and lust i have to stand in the middle of the bus. I looked around and saw one boy who was standing there and watching me.  He was looking at my vital parts like buttocks and breasts. He also stared at my stomach, the portion that was visible through the sari. 
I was a bit nervous and my heart began to beat faster. He must be around 17-18, a teenage and may be a bit bold. I could not look at him and was afraid something may happen. After sometime I gathered some courage and as you had mentioned I looked at the boy straight into his eyes. The boy too looked at me knowingly and adjusted himself so that he was closer to me. He came and stood straight behind me. You know my heart started beating like anything. I was flushed and ahhhhhhhh I cant describe more. You understood the situation I was in hu? Then he made his body accidentally started touching me as the bus jerked it was on the roads. Then he touched my ass with his finger as if to judge me. When he saw I did not react to his touch he got bold and placed his
whole hand on my ass and pressed like anything. He was moving the hand tenderly and swiftly. His touch made my heart pound in my chest and I could hear my own heartbeats. it was a strange feeling, Jeevan. I got really afraid but I did not object him. How can I? I just turned around a little so that my left side of body was now touching him from the sides. I looked at him through the corners of my eyes. Ohhhh God! He was staring boldly at my naked stonmach. His eyes felt penetrating my body and I wanted him to touch it. How could I have said that?  He started to rub my ass cheeks with the back of his hands and that made me shiver. My face flushed with lust and my eyes rested on his hand that was touching me. He then placed his hand on my buttocks and gave it a little press. Ohhhh Jeevan! I thought I would die! After few seconds he did a daring thing, he just placed his hand on my stomach and touched my bare skin from the half portion of the saree. My hands automatically went on his hands and tried to remove it. This was just a reflex action Jeevan! Actually I very much wanted his hands there but I was afraid other people would observe it. Luckily the bus was very crowded and I think no one watched it. 
While I was trying to remove his hands he just let it remain there and with the other hand caressed my hands. Ohh god! You were right. I just had to give him green signal and there he started to touch my intimate parts. I was really excited but could not do anything because of the fear. Then he forcefully placed his hands on my left breast and pressed it over the blouse. The touch was so intense that I sighed. My pussy was getting wetter and wetter. i forgot myself for a moment and came to my senses and with lot of effort I removed his hand from my stomach. But before that itself he had placed his other hand on my right breast also and felt it. My breasts are really sensitive and I loved it when he pressed them so secretly. I managed to take his hand away but then he was rubbing his whole body against my left portion. I even felt his cock rub against the sides of my buttocks. It was hard as a stick and the fellow was enjoying it.  I just glanced at his crotch and wow! He had a nice hard on! The boy was hard while touching my body. Ahhhhhhh! This was a real pleasure for me. As you had said I observed his hardness by staring at his crotch. He saw me looking at it too and made some movements and adjusted his cock parallel to his body. Now all of his cock was rubbing my left portion right on the buttocks. His cock may have been 5-6 inches but it was hard as steel. I turned slightly facing him and that made his cock brush against the lower part of my belly, the cunt area. Ohhh Jeevan ! I was in heaven. The hard cock rubbing against my cuntal area  that too in a crowded bus! Ohhhhhhhhhhh Jeevan I came there in the crowded bus with so many people around, all gents. My body shivered and he must have felt it too. He rubbed harder against my cunt and tried to get closer. Ohhhhh this could have gone I don't know where but some people nearby understoos that the boy was troubling me. How could I say that he was not troubling me but had given me intense orgasm? I though the situation may go beyond my control so I moved ahead and slowly pushed myself into the ladies section of the bus.
          i was very afraid that he would follow me when I got down. But luckily he didn't and i narrowly escaped. Jeevan! It  was a wonderful experience. I would like to have the feeling for more time. But I don't have a safe one. How was my experience? Please mail me your views. Why is your site not accessible? I just cant live without seeing your site.
Regarding sex I am very much afraid of it.

      Waiting for your reply    -jyoti

Reply:
Hi Fan
	Thanks for the nice mail. I really got excited reading it. I envy the boy! It should have been me. Nice daring you showed. I appreciate your courage. It always is a risky affair like you have said that you had a fear he would follow you. The risk increases the pleasure out of the whole bargain. Be more bold, don't struggle. If you feel that others are watching you just skip ahead. There will always be another man who would do it to you. Since this was the first experience you acted nicely. You were conscious of him feeling you up and you even tried to restrain him. Just don't do that in future. Just don't show it to others that you are conscious of his touches, ok? Now you have to be more bold and find more places for your activity.
Your buses have two portions, ladies and gents! Too bad! But you can try in a situation when there is lot of crowd. You can be lucky. The older men are more daring and know the body language of women. So why don't you pick up an older guy next time? He may even rub your cunt with his fingers. They are that expert in the game. 
The other places are cinema theater, shops, market, and any public place you can think of. So get courage, you are doing fine!
