"Whatever it is you want to tell me, you might as well just spit it out," Dave said, tapping his pen idly against his leg. "You've obviously got something eating at you."

"I really can't," Penelope said. "You said you had a question about your PDA."

"I do." Dave didn't ask it, though. He tilted his head and studied her. She was fidgety around him, which meant that she had some sort of confession she was dying to spill, but didn't think she should. Of course, that just made Dave curious. What did Penelope know that he didn't?

It would be something work-related, because she didn't know a damn thing about his personal life, he was pretty sure. Not unless she'd hacked his personnel records and looked up the names of his ex-wives. So if it was work-related, what would it be? Nothing about Hotch, because there was nothing about Hotch that Dave didn't know...or at least not much. Spencer seemed unlikely, because he didn't really seem to spend much time talking to Penelope; he seemed to confide more in Derek. Emily? Like Aaron, she talked to Dave more than to anyone else. That left JJ or Derek. And while JJ and Penelope were close, Derek and Penelope were closer.

"What?" she said, shifting her weight from one foot to the other. Dave realized he'd just been watching her.

"This is about Derek, isn't it?" he hazarded. Penelope was a fierce mother bear when it came to the team, but she was also the most likely of them to crack, and Dave was an expert at applying pressure.

"I don't know what you're talking about." She pressed her lips together. "You said you had a question about your PDA."

Dave watched her a moment more, then nodded. "Yeah, I can't seem to figure out how to change the privacy settings on here when I'm creating new appointments." He grinned at her. "I realized the other day that my colonoscopy appointment wasn't marked as private, and that was a little embarrassing. Especially since I discovered that while I was searching for a good time to meet with Strauss about my annual review."

Penelope's answering laughter was more like a nervous giggle than something truly amused. That meant she'd known he was shit at setting the privacy on appointments. And that meant that she'd seen some of his private appointments.

"Ah," he said, still grinning. "I take it you knew about the colonoscopy too." At her blush, he just grinned wider. "Not to worry, it's just a standard precaution for a man my age." Especially one who occasionally goes to bed with other men, he added mentally. But she didn't necessarily need to know that.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I never meant to look at your private appointments. It's just that when they aren't marked as private...well..." Her cheeks reddened further.

He snorted and waved a hand. "Why don't you show me how to stop making that mistake?" he suggested.

She walked him through the steps and laughed as he tried it out, setting up fake appointments like "Take Penelope out salsa dancing" and "Invite Derek to the Bears/Skins game". By the time he had a handle on how to set the privacy from the PDA, she'd loosened up a little. He thanked her, and then waited until she was leaving to take one last stab at what he wanted to know.

"Don't tell Derek about the game when you tell him I know what's going on."

It did the trick. She whirled on him, her eyes wide. "I'm not going to say anything to him about Jordan! It's not his business, anyway. I don't know why he's so upset about it, since he could have asked her out any time before--" She cut herself off abruptly as Dave forgot himself enough to smirk. "Oh my God, you sneaky bastard!" she said, but she sounded more admiring than anything. "If you tell him I told you, I'll personally make sure everyone knows about your colonoscopy. I can hack into your private appointments faster than you can sign an autograph."

Dave laughed and held up a hand. "Don't worry," he promised. "This is our secret. Just don't tell him I know. Eventually things will sort themselves out."

***

"So what are we celebrating with this brownie?" Derek asked, leaning on the table and smiling at Jordan.

She smiled back. "You remembered about celebrating things. My mother would be so pleased."

"You're not exactly an easy woman to forget," Derek said. It was true--he'd never forgotten about her, even if he hadn't quite gotten around to asking her out until he found out she was seeing Dave.

"Suuuure," she teased, but her eyes were warm with amusement.

"So what are we celebrating?" he repeated.

"Maybe we're celebrating the fact that the Stud of the BAU finally remembered I'm alive," she said, arching an eyebrow.

"Ouch." He pressed a hand to his chest. "Cut me some slack, Todd, you know what the schedule's like in our unit."

"Yeah, and I know the stories I've heard about how you still seem to manage your social life just fine," she countered.

"Man, you don't have a very high opinion of me, do you?" he asked, frowning at her. The truth was, he didn't have any trouble getting dates or finding company if he didn't feel like being alone. That didn't mean that he was never lonely. There was a big difference between having company and having intimacy.

"I think you have a high enough opinion of yourself that no one else's opinion matters," she said. But a moment later she shook her head and touched his arm, which lessened the sting of her words a little. "I'm sorry, that wasn't fair. I took the banter too far."

He quirked an eyebrow and leaned back in his chair. "Huh." He sipped his coffee instead of trying to think of something to say in reply.

"You have to admit," she said, "you're not exactly the kind of man who doubts himself."

He shook his head. "That's where you've got it wrong. I doubt myself all the time. The difference is, I don't let it show. Come on, you're a woman of color in the white man's FBI. You've got to know something about fakin' it till you make it."

"That's where you've got it wrong," she said. "Women advance more easily because the FBI's trying to prove it's not a white man's institution any more." She was smiling as she said it, though.

Derek made a thoughtful noise. "If you're anything like me, you want to know you got your job on merit and not because of the color of your skin."

"Yeah, or whether I wear a skirt," she agreed. "Don't worry. You're definitely where you are because you deserve it. And I think I am too." She sipped her coffee. "But enough about work. Why don't you tell me how your dog's doing."

They fell into an easy conversation about dogs, and it led naturally into talking about family. Once that was exhausted, Derek decided to turn the topic towards dating. "So...do you get to see a lot of Dave? You're yelling at me about not calling you sooner, but it's got to be just as hard to get ahold of him."

She gave him a funny smile, but only said, "We manage to see each other on a fairly regular basis."

A fairly regular basis. What did that mean? Did she want to see more of Dave? Derek remembered that she'd said her dating relationship wasn't exclusive. He wondered if Dave was seeing someone else as well as Jordan.

"That enough for you?"

She laughed. "I'm a big girl, Derek. You don't need to go yell at him for me or anything."

"Yeah, well, if you ever need it done, just say the word," he joked.

She laughed again and changed the subject to a book she'd read recently, and from there they didn't return to the topic of their love lives. Before he knew it an hour had passed and she was checking her watch.

"I have a meeting in half an hour," she said, sounding apologetic. "I really need to go over my notes before it starts."

He stood and left a tip on their table. "Thanks for having coffee with me."

She smiled. "I had a great time. Let me know next time you're in town, okay?"

"Yes, ma'am." He gave a casual salute and she smacked him on the arm. Yeah, he was definitely doing all right. Dave wouldn't know what had happened.