Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Cheerleaders Chapter Three: Breeding the Coach and Her Daughter
Summary: The three cheerleaders embrace the humilation of pleasing Stacy's brother!
Keywords: MF MFF FFFFFFFFF MFFFF mc inc oral creampie anal A2M rim exhib voy breed preg lac

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by n1one!

Greg Martin

I grinned in delight. The cheerleader's coach was here. Coach Flowers. She was a busty MILF with strawberry-blonde hair. I was so glad that Chaz could get anyone to do what he suggested. At least my sister, her fellow cheerleaders, and the coach.

I just had to communicate with them on Instagram. It made no sense, but that was where we were in the world. So I snagged my phone and found Coach Flower's account and sent her a message from Chaz.

Get naked, kneel on the porch with your ass facing the door, and spread your butt-cheeks apart so Greg Martin can fuck you up the ass. Remember, to do whatever Greg says. He's an expert on cheerleading bonding.

I hit send.

You sluts, stay here, I said. I don't care what you do. I'm going to go fuck your coach in the ass to prep her for what we do here.

Yes, Greg, the three sluts said. My sister and her friends were my whores now. That was so hot that I had done that to them. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Courtney Flower

I was not thrilled to be here. I stared at the lake house as I set in the passenger seat of the car. Mom had just dragged me out here, saying she had to be here for her cheerleaders. This guy named Chaz, said it was important for team bonding via an Instagram post.

Just my luck to be out with Mom. Instead of dropping me off at home, she made me come along. I couldn't believe that. Nearly an hour's drive out into the middle of nowhere. Nothing for me to do but to fuck around on my phone.

Which, fine, that was a lot to do, but, still, why was I here when I could be lying on my bed and fucking around on my phone. Well, at least I had a signal out here. That was something. I would hate to think how bad this would be if I didn't have any bars.

Mom's phone dinged. Ooh, Chaz just messaged me and... He wants me to get naked and kneel on the porch so that Greg can fuck me up the ass. That's wonderful.

Weird, Mom, I said, shaking my head. My red pigtails danced. That's super weird, but like whatever.

I kept browsing my phone as Mom climbed out of the car. She really did it. She really stripped off the tank top she was wearing. She had a black bra on beneath that held her big boobs. I didn't have big tits. I had small ones. So not fair I didn't get her tatas. I was eighteen, and had little A's. I often had to stuff my bras with Kleenexes so I would look like a girl with a blouse on.

Mom's big breasts appeared. They swayed back and forth. God, they were heavy. Big F-cups that I would kill to have. I sighed as she bent over. They swung like pendulums as she worked off her jean shorts. She shoved them down along with her panties. She was naked in moments. Wow, she was really eager to be fucked by this Greg guy.

What a weird, weird day. But this Chaz guy on Instagram seemed to know what he was saying, so if Mom had to be fucked to help her Cheerleaders, I guessed that made sense. Sort of. In a strange, ass-backward way.

Mom rushed to the porch. She had a toned ass. All of her was athletic. She was still pretty limber. She could even do the splits like her cheerleaders. I couldn't do the splits. I never was much for the athletics. I supposed this was how I rebelled.

Mom reached the porch and knelt on it, her ass facing the door. She reached behind her and spread her butt-cheeks apart. God, was she going to get fucked in the ass. Anal? My mom? I squirmed. Why did I have to be here and have this in my line of sight?

I stared at my phone.

I would just browse Instagram and TikTok and maybe watch something on Twitch. 

I would not watch my mom getting ass-fucked by some rando. That was just too icky. Why did she have to bring me? Ugh. It was cool if she had sex, but not in front of me. I stared at the TikTok video from some guy from that big trial claiming he was a juror.

Maybe he was. 

The door opened. My eyes flicked up out of habit to see a pudgy, naked nerd a year or two older than me. I groaned. I didn't need to see that. He had a big dick thrusting out before him. What was this crap? Why was this uggo fucking my mom in the ass?

He had glasses. He was a fucking dweeb.

He didn't hesitate, though. I couldn't look away as he dropped to his knees, pressed his cock into Mom's spread-open butt-crack, and found her asshole. He thrust. Mom groaned. My eyes widened as his cock vanished into her bowels.

Holy shit, I muttered as I just couldn't look away. It was like a train wreck.

My poor mom must really care for her cheerleaders to let this disgusting pig fuck away at her. He pounded her, his belly jiggling as he buried his cock into her bowels. Mom groaned. She lifted up onto her hands to kneel there, her tits swaying wildly.

She moaned. God, she was licking it? How the fuck could she like being fucked in the ass by that dweeb. He pounded her with force, too. Just hammered her asshole like he was a jackhammer. I had never seen anything like it in my entire life. It was insane.

This wasn't porn. This was happening in real life just twenty feet from me.

Oh, my god, fuck my asshole, Greg, moaned Mom. That's so good. Oh, my god, that's so fucking good!

Shit, yes, Coach Flowers, he groaned as he fucked her asshole. Squeeze your bowels around my dick. That's amazing. Shit, and is that your daughter? 

Courtney, moaned Mom. She was with me... I had to bring her... No time to waste. Oh, fuck my bowels. Shit, shit, shit!

Mom was getting into it. I couldn't believe how much she loved it while the guy... Was texting? He had his phone in his hand and was typing on it one-handed while he kept drilling my mom's asshole. That was so rude of him. I glared at him as he kept reaming my mom's asshole.

My phone chimed with an Instagram message.

I smiled and glanced down to see that @chazmax had messaged me. A flutter shot through me. The infamous Chaz had messaged moi? That was so amazing. I felt so honored as I opened it up and read what he had sent me.

Good daughters cheer on their mothers while being fucked. Get naked and do that! Also do whatever Greg tells you to do, Courtney.

Yes, Chaz, I sent back and burst out of the car, leaving my phone on the seat.

I peeled off my tank top and tossed it in. I hadn't bothered with a bra today, my little titties didn't need the support. My nipples thrust out hard. I was excited. My pussy was wet. I guessed watching Mom getting fucked turned me on.

I wiggled out of my jean shorts and panties. I shoved them down and stepped out of them. I shuddered at being naked while outside. I glanced at the lake. Someone could see me, but... Chaz said I had to do this. I had to be a good daughter.

I rushed over and squealed, Go, Mom, go! Take that big dick in your ass! Woot!

Wow, look at that, groaned Greg as he pounded Mom's asshole. Your daughter wants to be a cheerleader.

Oh, honey, that's wonderful, moaned Mom, her face twisting with delight as he fucked her. 

Go, Mom, go! I whooped, not sure what else to say. I clapped and bounced up and down. My pigtails danced, my red hair flying around my body. You're doing so good! Make Greg cum in your ass! That's right, Mom! That's what you have to do!

Yes, I do, moaned Mom. Oh, Courtney, honey, he's fucking my asshole so hard. Just pounding me and stirring me up. I'm going to cum all over  his dick!

Yeah, you are, Mom! I clapped my hands. You're the best, Mom! Got the best ass that all the guys love to fuck! Yes, you do! Woot! Woot!

It was so exhilarating to cheer her on as Greg fucked her. My shaved twat dripped with juices. The beads ran down my thighs as I watched. This was so hot. So exciting. I loved this so much, my heart beating so fast.

He grunted and groaned as he fucked her asshole. He might be a dweeb, but he was the dweeb fucking my mom in the ass, so he was getting the best hole in the world. I clapped and bounced and cheered her on.

Cum on his cock, Mom! You can do it! I know you can! You can do it! Cum like a slut on his big dick! Oh, Mommy, do it!

Yes, growled Greg. Listen to that fine-ass daughter! He stared at my naked body and grinned. She's just delicious.

She is, whimpered Mom. Oh, my god, that's it. I'm going to... yes!

Mom came. Her body bucked and big boobs swayed. I cheered and clapped so hard as he buried into her asshole over and over again. His face twisted with pleasure as he experienced the joy of Mom's asshole writhing around his dick.

Cum in her ass, Greg! I gasped. Oh, Mom, make him cum! You can do it!

I can! she moaned, her head tossing, her strawberry-blonde hair dancing.

Greg slammed into her asshole and groaned. 

He didn't pull back. He shuddered, clearly dumping his cum into Mom's asshole. That was so hot to witness. My pussy clenched. The heat swept through me. I would have such a big burst of delight shooting through me.

Go, Mom, go! I whooped as they both trembled through their pleasure. It was so hot to watch. My pussy melted as they both were trembling. It was so exciting to view. So wicked to watch. You're the best ass-fucker around, Mom! You took that dick and drained him dry. Gooooooo, Mommy!

I jumped in the air, fist thrust high, as Mom and Greg panted. I landed, grinning at them. That was so much fun. I liked being a good daughter who cheered on her mommy when she got fucked. It was such an exhilarating rush. I wanted to masturbate now.

I know what, said Greg. Why don't you roll on your back, Coach Flowers, then have your daughter sit on your face so you can show her how to be so excited. And she can practice her cheerleader skills by blowing my dick. You have to be able to do multiple things at once while cheerleading.

Right, I said. That made total sense. 

Yes, that's true, Courtney, honey, Mom purred and pulled her asshole off his dick. She rolled over onto her back, her big boobs jiggling into a pair of lush mounds. Come sit on my face, honey.

Sure, Mom! I jogged over to her and dropped to my knees on the wooden porch straddling her face. I planted my shaved twat right on Mom's face.

She licked my pussy. I groaned at the naughty rush of my mother licking my cunt. This was incest, but Greg said to do it, and Chaz said to listen to Greg. So it must be okay to commit incest when practicing to be a cheerleader.

I shuddered as her tongue felt so amazing sliding through my folds. She licked me with such passion. Her tongue danced through my petals from my clit to my taint. I quivered on her as she licked me again and again.

Goddamn, lezzie incest is so hot, growled Greg as he stepped over me. He thrust his cock at my mouth. Now suck my dick clean of your mom's ass.

Sure thing, I said to the nerd. He was still pudgy and an uggo, but I was so eager to do this.

The sour flavor of my mom's asshole filled my nose. I opened wide. He thrust his cock into my mouth. I shuddered as that earthy flavor swept over me. I moaned around his cock. I suckled hard on him, loving the flavor of his cock in my mouth.

I swirled my tongue around his dick. I loved the feel of his cock in my mouth. The flavor of it was something just to delight over. I savored it so much. My tongue polished that cock. I buffed off every bit of Mom's ass while she licked my cunt.

She tongued my pussy. She stroked through my naughty folds and drove me wild. I groaned, loving this heat rushing through me. I groaned, savoring this heat so much. It was just a thrill to have her licking me as I sucked his dick clean.

Oh, honey, moaned Mom. She flicked her tongue through my folds. You're so yummy!

I moaned around Greg's cock, glad she loved it.

Shit, he groaned and grabbed my pigtails. I loved it when guys did this. Well, cute guys, however... Chaz wanted me to do this. Shit, this is hot. You're just a little cock-sucking slut!

He pumped away at my mouth, fucking me with his dirty cock. I groaned, nursing on him. My tongue stroked around his cock, buffing off her ass. This was just a delicious treat. I polished his cock with all my might.

Mom thrust her tongue into my pussy. I whimpered as she swirled around in me. I quivered, nursing on his dick. It was so wonderful. She built this taboo orgasm in me. I squirmed on Mom's face, loving her eating me out.

It was a delight to have her doing that.

The sour flavor of Mom's asshole faded. I missed that earthy musk, but the salty taste of his precum replaced it. I shuddered, realizing I would have to swallow. Well, Chaz wanted this so I kept suckling.

Shit, shit, shit, he grunted as he gripped my pigtails. You're just fucking my mouth. It's so hot. I loved it. Fuck, this is awesome.

I winked at him.

Mom fluttered her tongue around in my pussy. I whimpered, my orgasm building faster and faster. I squirmed on her, my clit rubbing on her lip. She fucked my cunt with her naughty tongue. I loved it. My pussy clenched around her probing tongue.

Oh, that's just so good, she whimpered. Ooh, are you going to cum on Mommy's face?

Big time. I was going to drown her.

God, yes, drown your mother in your pussy cream, growled Greg. That would be so fucking hot. Shit, and keep sucking on my dick. Just like that. Fuck, you got a mouth on you. You're just a little slut. You raised such a cock-gobbing slut, Coach Flowers.

Good, moaned Mom. She tongued my clit.

I groaned as she fluttered her tongue around my bud. She stroked it as Greg fucked my mouth. Drool ran down my chin. I gripped his hips as she thrust hard at my mouth. I quivered, rising toward my orgasm.

I shuddered, squirming on Mom as the pleasure built and built in me. I shuddered as I suckled on his dirty dick. I loved the way Mom's earthy flavor melted throughout my mouth. It was so hot. But it was vanishing fast.

Mmm, that's so good, Mom purred. Such a yummy cunt you have, honey!

She stroked her tongue through my petals, sliding from clit to taint. I quivered, wanting to cum so badly. I suckled with all my might on Greg's cock. I loved the flavor of his precum. He groaned, his hands holding my pigtails as he fucked my mouth.

Drool ran down my chin as I nursed and sucked on him with hard passion. I loved the taste of him. The flavor of his precum. I was just a cock-gobbling slut. I wanted to prove that I could be a cheerleader, I guessed. Cause Chaz wanted this.

Chaz!

Mom suckled hard on my clit. I groaned, my but throbbing in her mouth. I shuddered as the pleasure swelled in me. I rose toward my orgasm. I hurtled closer and closer to it as she nibbled on my bud with her naughty lips.

I groaned around Greg's cock as he hammered my mouth.

Shit, he moaned, fucking me so hard. You little slut! I'm going to... to... Yes!

He erupted.

I gasped as his salty cum splashed against the back of my throat. I groaned, my heart pounding as Mom suckled so hard on my clit. I swallowed his cum as the climax swelling in my pussy burst. My orgasm swept through me.

Stars danced across my vision. I swallowed his salty cum as my mind drowned in rapture. Wave after wave of euphoria swept through me. I whimpered, my cunt convulsing. My juices gushed out and flooded Mom's mouth.

Oh, Courtney, honey, she moaned and licked at my folds.

I bucked on her, grinding my climaxing cunt on her mouth as I shuddered through my rapture. More and more of Greg's salty cum flooded my mouth. He pumped all that jizz into me. I swallowed it all down. I loved every drop of it.

This was so wild. So naughty. I shuddered, nursing so hard on his cock. I could do it. I could be a cheerleader. My cunt writhed with more pleasure. Fresh waves of ecstasy flooded my body as I swallowed all his jizz.

Oh, that's it, whimpered Mom between licks of my cunt. That's just amazing.

I shuddered as she lapped at me. She tongued me with such passion. I quivered as I moaned around the cock in my mouth. I sucked down  the last of Greg's cum. The salty jizz flowed through my mouth. I quivered as he ripped his dick out of my mouth.

I need to fuck that cunt as you rim out your mom's asshole, he growled. I have to breed you. All cheerleaders have to be bred with my kid.

Of course, I moaned, wanting that so much. 

I climbed off Mom and turned around on my knees, kneeling like a bitch. A cheerleader-bitch about to be bred by Greg. Chaz wanted this. He knew what he was doing putting Greg in charge of my training.

Mom rolled over onto her hands and knees. Her butt-cheeks appeared before me. They were quivering with excitement. His cum had coated the insides of her butt-crack. She was dripping with all his jizz.

I parted her asscheeks and stared at the mess. The salty delight of his cum mixed with Mom's sour asshole. I groaned with hunger and licked up the jizz running down her taint. I gathered that earthy-infused spunk up to her asshole.

Oh, yes, Courtney, honey, she moaned as my tongue flicked over her anal ring. Clean up that mess. You'll be such a good cheerleader.

Yes, you will, groaned Greg. I'll fuck you until you're swollen huge with my baby. You, too, Mrs. Flowers.

How wonderful.

I licked up more of the cum that was smeared across Mom's butt-cheeks. So much had already spilled out of her. I gathered it with my tongue. I loved the flavor as Greg's cock nuzzled into my shaved pussy.

The nerd rammed his cock to the hilt in my cunt. I shuddered, feeling his pudgy stomach smacking into my rump. I squeezed my twat down around him. I savored that big dick in my snatch. I wiggled my hips back and forth, stirring my juicy cunt around him.

Fuck, your daughter's tight, but she's no virgin, Greg groaned.

Nope! I squealed. I'm a big ol' slut. Ooh, ooh, fuck me so hard!

He gripped my hips and he drew back. I tongued up more of the jizz, loving the salty flavor mixed with Mom's earthy musk. I moved down to her asshole. More of the cum had spilled out of her. That was perfect. Just what I wanted to lick up.

I tongued her asshole. I gathered up the jizz as Greg fucked his dick back into me. He pumped away at my snatch. The nerd pounded me. I loved it. I quivered in delight as he buried into me with such force. He plowed deep and hard into me.

He fucked me with such passion. He buried his dick to the hilt in me. I loved him slamming into me that hard and fast. He churned up my cunt as I licked Mom's asshole. I rimmed her, gathering up more cum that leaked out of her bowels.

I shuddered, the pleasure rushing through me. My pussy drank in the friction of his big dick fucking me. He pounded me hard and fast with that thick shaft. He rammed that big fucker into me over and over again.

Shit, he groaned as he fucked my cunt. You have such a tight snatch!

I bet she does! whimpered Mom as my tongue danced over her asshole. Oh, Courtney, honey, just keep rimming Mommy's asshole!

I loved it. I savored the heat of him burying into me over and over again. He had such an amazing cock. I pushed my tongue against my mom's asshole. No more cum was coming out of her, but there had to be jizz in her.

I would find it.

Enjoy it.

I swirled my tongue around in her cunt. I danced about in her. It was an incredible delight. I loved the texture of her anal sheath. The salty flavor of his cum and the sour flavor of her bowels mixed across my taste buds. How wonderful.

Damn, groaned Greg. You got your tongue in your mom's asshole, don't you, slut?

Oh, she does, whimpered Mom. She's such a good cheerleader.

A good fucking, breeding cheerleader-slut! growled Greg as he hammered me.

I whimpered my agreement, my cunt squeezing about his dick. I loved the feel of him slamming into me over and over again. He fucked me hard. He plowed his cock into my fertile snatch over and over again. I loved it.

I danced my tongue around in Mom's asshole, searching for his cum. When I found the salty delight, I pulled it out of her. I scooped that spunk out of her bowels and loved it. She moaned, her butt-cheeks squeezing about my face as I did that.

Damn, groaned Greg. He seized my pigtails again. Love these handlebars, slut!

Love you pulling on them! I moaned as he buried into me.

Ooh, you're such a cheerleader-slut, honey, Mom moaned. Just like I was when I was your age! I sucked off the entire football team and took dicks in all my holes when they won!

Now you just take my cock! growled Greg. That's what Chaz wants.

Right! I moaned.

He fucked my cunt so hard. He buried into me with such force. I loved it so much. I savored the bliss building in me. It was just an amazing delight to have that big dick ramming into me. His stomach slapped into my butt-cheeks.

I danced my tongue around in Mom's asshole. I swirled about in her, driving her wild as that big dick brought me closer and closer to bursting. I would have such a huge climax. Just a big one. I couldn't wait for it to explode in me.

Shit, shit, shit, he snarled as he fucked my cunt. Gonna breed that pussy!

Breed my little girl! Mom squealed.

It was such hot to hear. I loved it so much. I savored the thrill as he fucked into my twat. He buried to the hilt in my snatch over and over again. My orgasm built and built as my tongue swirled around in Mom's asshole.

I quivered in delight, squeezing my snatch down around that big dick fucking me. I loved that huge shaft burying to the hilt in my snatch . It was an incredible treat. I loved it so much. This was such an amazing thrill to enjoy.

Yes, yes, yes, Mom moaned. Oh, honey, you're making my asshole feel so good.

Lick her pussy now! growled Greg.

I slid my lips down Mom's taint into her trimmed bush and kissed her pussy. I licked at her folds. She had a tart flavor. Just so delicious to enjoy. I loved the taste of the cunt that had birthed me. I thrust my tongue into her twat and swirled around in her.

I loved the taste of her. The flavor. It was just so yummy. My cunt clenched down on his cock as he fucked me hard. He buried to the hilt in my cunt. He fucked me with such passion. It was an incredible delight. My orgasm swelled.

Yes, I whimpered and licked at Mom's pussy folds. At her clit.

Oh, honey, she gasped.

I tongued her clit as that big dick fucked into me hard and fast. I hurtled toward my orgasm. I surged toward that big burst of pleasure. His nuts slapped into my twat. My bud burst with sparks as he did that.

I groaned around Mom's pearl. I polished that little nubbin as she groaned. Her tart juices dripped down my chin. Her trimmed curls tickled my lips. It was such a delight to lick at her. I loved the flavor of her as she groaned.

I'm going to cum, she moaned. Your tongue was rimming my asshole, it primed me, and now... She trembled, her butt-cheeks clenching. Oh, Courtney, honey, yes!

Her pussy juices gushed out. 

I groaned as Mom flooded me with her tart passion. It was a yummy treat to drink. I gathered up the delight as more and more of her cream flooded out of her twat and bathed my mouth. I licked and lapped at her snatch, gathering up this wonderful flood of passion.

She tasted so good. Just so yummy. I licked and lapped at her twat. I tongued her with everything that I had. I savored the flavor of her as Greg buried his dick to the hilt in my cunt. The pleasure burst inside of me.

Yes! I squealed.

My cunt writhed around his dick. I spasmed, sucking at him as I lapped at Mom with such passion. Waves of delight swept through me. They drowned my mind as my cunt suckled at his dick. I nursed at him with my passion.

He buried into me and erupted.

Fuck! he grunted.

Yes! I squealed as he bred my pussy.

He groaned as my twat writhed around his erupting dick. He spurted in me over and over again. He flooded me with all that spunk. I loved feeling his cum basting my twat and womb as I licked at Mom's pussy. I tongued her as the pleasure swept through me.

It was an incredible delight. I quivered through all this passion. Stars danced before my eyes. I groaned as I licked at her with hunger. She groaned as I feasted on her while my pussy milked Greg's cock dry.

I would have the nerd's baby. I would be a cheerleader-slut.

Just like Chaz wanted.

Chaz says you're both doing amazing, groaned Greg, all his cum in my pussy. Just amazing. Keep up the good work!

We will, moaned Mom. 

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered, my orgasm hitting that wonderful peak. I licked my lips covered in my mother's tart juices. My pussy brimmed with cum. So did my womb. Ooh, this was such a naughty, naughty day. I was glad I was in the car so I could be a good daughter and a good slut. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Coach Lindsey Flowers  Four Months Later

That's it, Stacy, I said as she lowered her pregnant pussy down on her brother's face. Greg was here for all our practices to fuck us. The entire squad, all ten girls (counting my daughter) and I were pregnant with his children.

And most of our bellies were curving now. Our baby bumps swelling.

Stacy had a nice pair of C-cups that would be swelling as her pregnancy went along. Her toned body looked so sexy with that swelling curve to her belly. She shuddered as she sat on his face, her hips squirming from side to side. 

Just like that, I said as I lowered my pregnant pussy to his cock. The other girls were in their team-building daisy-chain. Nine bred girls all licking each other's cunts and making each other cum. It made us so close.

We barely practiced our routines any longer, but since we just went on the field and fucked each other with dildos, who cared about routines. Everyone was just watching my girls' lesbian antics. I usually was sitting on Greg's lap to watch them. Maybe with his cock in my pussy, like I was about to enjoy right now, or in my asshole.

Both were amazing.

Stacy moaned, her face twisting in delight as she squirmed on her brother's face. I slid my pregnant pussy down his cock and groaned my bliss. That big cock filled me up. Chaz was right. This dick was made for me. Made for us all.

Oh, yes, yes, I moaned as I sank to the hilt on him. Remember, girls, cheerleaders who eat cunt together, cheer together!

So Chaz says! the ten cheerleaders all moaned, most muffled by hot cunt.

That's right, groaned Greg as I slid up his cock. 

My cunt squeezed around him. I loved the heat of him. It was such a rush to have that thick shaft in me. I groaned as I plunged down him, my big boobs jiggling. Stacy smiled at me as she squirmed on his face. I winked at her, working my snatch up and down his cock.

Her hands stroked my pregnant belly. She rubbed me as she squirmed on her brother's face. He tongued her. Licked her. He groaned as he feasted on her pregnant snatch. I worked my cunt up and down his cock, the pleasure building and building in me.

I would have such a huge orgasm on his dick. I would just burst with cum. It would be an incredible rush to burst with delight. A mighty explosion of bliss would surge through me. My back arched, the heat surging through me.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, my head tossing. Oh, God, that's it, Greg. I love your cock. It fills my pussy up just right.

Yes, it does, he growled into his sister's cunt. Damn, work that pregnant twat up and down my dick. Ride me!

I rode him. 

I squeezed my cunt around his cock as I worked my snatch up and down his dick. I had to ride him. I had to feel him cumming in me. That would be incredible. He would fire all that jizz into my snatch. It would feel amazing. I craved it. I hoped there would be so much cum flooding my bred twat.

My boobs bounced and heaved as I worked up and down him. Stacy, stroking my swelling belly, leaned over and latched her mouth onto my nipple. She suckled on me. I groaned as my nipple throbbed in her mouth.

I loved her nursing on me as I worked my cunt up and down that big dick. I loved how thick his shaft was. He stirred me up as I rode him. My twat massaged that thick shaft. My pussy melted around him while his sister suckled so hard.

That's it, Stacy, I moaned. Just like that. Oh, you're doing so good. Yes, yes, you're driving me wild! Oh, keep suckling!

The naughty girl did. She nibbled, too, with her soft lips.

My cunt clenched on her brother's cock. My orgasm built faster and faster. I tossed my head from side to side, loving every moment of that thick shaft stretching me out. I whimpered, my nipple throbbing in Stacy's mouth. I was so close to cumming.

So close to bursting. I couldn't take much more of this. I shuddered, slamming my pregnant twat down Greg's dick. Stacy moaned around my nipple. She ripped her mouth off and gasped out in orgasmic delight.

Big brother!

She came on her brother's mouth. She squirmed on him, her moans echoing through the air. They were so delicious to hear. The naughty, pregnant cheerleader drowned him. I groaned and slammed my snatch down his cock. I ground my clit into his pubic bone.

I burst with delight.

Oh, God, yes, I moaned as my pregnant snatch went wild around his dick. My big boobs heaved. They were such delicious tits. They smacked together as my cunt writhed around his dick. I suckled at him with hunger. I nursed with all the passion that I had. Flood me, Greg!

Yes! growled the stud. 

His cum erupted into my writhing snatch. I gasped as he flooded my bred twat with his seed. The heat swept through me. This wild delight. Stars danced across my vision. My head tossed from side to side. I groaned, loving the delight. 

The pleasure swept through me as more and more of his cum pumped into my snatch. He filled me to the hilt with all his jizz. I shuddered, my big boobs smacking together. It was such a wonderful rush to have all that cum in me. 
Oh, Greg, you're amazing! I moaned. You're such a stud! Oh, my cheer squad has never been better! You changed us! Chaz was so right!

Yes! squealed his sister. Chaz was so right!

I felt so amazing. I swayed there, the other girls moaning as they daisy-chained. I just savored all that cum filling my cunt. I milked Greg's cock. I worked out every drop of spunk that he had in him. I felt so good doing that, too.

My pussy brimmed with his jizz. It was full of all that wonderful cum that I loved. That had sparked a new life in me. I smiled, swaying. My cunt rippled around his dick. I suckled in a big breath, so glad to have this wonderful cock in me. I was so lucky to be fucked by him. 

To have his guidance with my girls. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stacy Martin  Four Months Later

I was so wonderfully pregnant. Eight months now. My belly was so round and swollen. 

Oh, Greg, whimpered cute Courtney as he ripped his cock out of her cunt. She lay on her back, her red pigtails spilling around her on the blue tumbling mats. Her pregnant belly swelled up and down to her little boobs. She had gone up to B's now. Some plumpness, but not big handfuls.

I had Double D's that swung beneath me as I crawled between her thighs. I had to lick and lap at her cunt. I wanted to lap up all that cum in her. My brother always left so much yummy jizz in a cheerleader's bred pussy for me to enjoy.

That's it, he growled as he slapped his wet cock on my rump. You're such a good slut. Chaz would be proud of you.

I know, I whimpered. Mmm, and are you proud of me, Greg? I can't believe I ever hated my nerdy brother. He wasn't pudgy, either. Fucking an entire squad of cheerleaders for hours at a time had melted the fat from him. 

Yes, I am, he growled. You're such a sister-slut. He pushed his cock into my butt-crack and found my asshole. Yes, you are!

I shuddered as he drilled his cock against my asshole. That felt so good. I licked his cum out of her tart pussy. I lapped at her pregnant cunt, his salty cum spilling out of her. I loved the way her pregnant belly quivered.

My two friends, Nathalie and Bianca both slid beneath me and latched onto my breasts. They sealed their mouths around my nipples and suckled on me. My milk squirted from my nubs to feed those hungry cheer sluts. I was lactating now. It was so hot.

They nursed from my big boobs as my brother's cock drilled past my sphincter and popped into my asshole. I groaned as his thick cock slid into my bowels. I tongued Courtney's tart pussy, scooping out more of his cum.

Ooh, ooh, I love it when you do that, whimpered Courtney. Get all of Greg's cum out of my pussy! Let's make him happy!

Yes, I moaned, clamping my asshole down on my brother's cock as he drew back his dick. 

My velvety bowels massaged him. I loved the way that I stroked him. It felt wonderful. He groaned as he rammed back into my asshole. I moaned, my nipples throbbing. My two cheer mates suckled at my nipples.

My milk gushed into their mouths. I loved them drinking down my breast milk. It was so hot to have them doing that. A naughty rush swept through me. I quivered in delight at the hungry mouth suckling at my nubs.

My brother fucked my asshole as I breastfed my friends. They gulped down my creamy delight while I scooped the salty jizz from Courtney's tart twat. I dove into her pregnant depths to find more, my body shuddering. 

Shit, groaned my brother as he ass-fucked me. Damn, that's it. You are all making Chaz so happy. And me. Fucking hell, you're making me happy!

Yay! squealed Courtney as my tongue swirled around in her snatch.

I searched for more and more of his cum, but it was dwindling fast.

He gripped my hips and fucked me hard. He pounded my bowels with his big dick. He fucked me with everything that he had. I groaned, my pussy drinking in the heat melting down from my asshole. I shuddered, my nipples tingling.

Bianca and Nathalie gave me such pleasure with their wild nursing. My milk squirted into their mouths. It was a rush to feel that. I loved it so much. I savored it as my brother fucked me fast and hard. He buried into me over and over again.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my tongue plunging into Courtney's pregnant snatch.

I found no more of the salty cum, just her tart juices.

I clamped my bowels down on my brother's cock as he hammered me hard and fast. He buried into me over and over again. He fucked me with such passion. He pounded my bowels. It was an amazing delight.

I loved it. I savored that big dick ramming into me. He plowed into me with such force. My anal sheath melted around him. I groaned, licking and lapping at her snatch. My orgasm built and built with his every thrust into me.

With his every plunge.

Goddamn, he growled.

Oh, Chaz knew my brother was special. I was such an idiot for not realizing he had the best cock in the world.

The one that I needed fucking my bowels hard and fast.

He fucked into me with hard strokes. He buried into me with everything he had. I shuddered, my anal sheath melting around his cock. I was so ready to cum. So close to it. My nipples throbbed. I licked and lapped at Courtney's clit.

I'm going to cum, Courtney moaned.

Cum! my brother groaned.

Yes, yes, yes, I purred and licked my clit. I swirled my tongue around her bud and nursed on her, my orgasm about to burst in my cunt.

Yes! squealed the pregnant redhead. She bucked, her belly heaving as her tart pussy cream bathed my mouth.

I groaned and lapped up her juices. Tongued her, loving every moment of feasting on her juices. It was an incredible rush to drink her passion. I licked her up with such hunger. My tongue swept over her folds as my brother rammed his cock into my asshole.

My nipples throbbed in my friends' mouths. Bianca and Nathalie suckled hard, gulping down my creamy breast milk. I shuddered, the heat in my cunt hitting that boiling point. I shuddered as my orgasm burst in me.

My asshole spasmed around my brother's thrusting dick.

Fuck, yes! he growled as he buried into me. Yes!

His cum erupted into my bowels.

Spurt after spurt of his jizz pumped into me. I loved the feel of his cum flooding me. It was an incredible rush. I groaned, the stars dancing across my vision. The pleasure rushed through my body. I quivered through the ecstasy.

I loved every moment of that delight surging through me. It was an incredible rush to have all that jizz pumping into me. My bowels milked his cock as my two slutty cheer mates nursed at my nipples. They gulped down my breast milk.

I drank Courtney's tart pussy cream.

Oh, that's so good, Courtney whimpered, her pregnant belly quivering.

Yes, I whimpered, my bowels convulsing around my brother's spurting cock. He flooded my anal sheath with all his cum.

Damn, groaned Greg. Damn. You sluts are doing so well. Fuck, yes!

He ripped his cock out of my asshole and every cheer-slut squealed to suck him clean. I panted, my face rubbing into Courtney's pussy as my orgasm peaked in me. My brother's cum trickled out of my asshole and down to my bred pussy.

Everything just felt so right.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Greg Martin  One Month Later

I smiled as my pregnant sister sank her cunt down on my dick. She was so close to popping. Her belly was so swollen. The cheerleaders didn't cheer any longer. They were just my harem sluts now. Chaz had decreed it.

They were all pregnant. That was hot. I would have so many children. Then I'd have to find new cheer squads to train. New ones to breed. It was summer break. In the fall, I would pick a new group of seniors. A new batch of eighteen-year-old cheerleaders to start breeding.

I flicked through my phone, browsing various cheer squad accounts on Instagram while my sister's pregnant pussy worked up and down my cock. She moaned out in delight, her pussy gripping my dick. I loved this delight so much.

I loved having the power to mind control cheerleader sluts on Instagram. I had no idea what happened to this account, where it had gained this power, but it was a delicious one. I hummed as I looked for the hottest cheer squad around.

There were so many to choose from. God, this would be the life. Breeding cheer squads year after year. I'd keep my sister around. And maybe Coach Flower's daughter. She had those red pigtails. But... I'd find new pussies to breed the rest of the time.

Oh, yes, yes, I love your cock, big brother, whimpered my sister, her milk-swollen tits heaving. I love your cock so much. Chaz said I do.

I smiled. Yep. Yes, he does.

The perfect life. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Figure watched the pregnant cheerleader riding her brother's cock in the midst of the spray.

A fun amusement. I was enjoying messing around with this technology found in many of the worlds. It moved delicate fingers across a gold ring as it worked on its next project. There was always a new universe to play in.

Infinite ones for it to distort and corrupt in new and different ways. 

The END
