Monday, we went into town, had dinner at a good restaurant, and went to visit Dad.  Dad had been in the Veteran's home for almost three years now.  He was involved in a bad head-on collision with a drunk driver.  He was barely alive when they brought him to the hospital, but the doctors pulled him through.  There was major internal damage that would never heal.  With the damage to his liver and pancreas, he was diabetic and had to be monitored.  His digestive system was damaged, which limited severely what he could eat.  His legs were stumps just above the knee, and they were paralyzed.  He could get in and out of bed by himself and get around in a wheel chair.  

His psyche had recovered through the years.  Our visits were a big help.  I am sure Mom's and Mildred's private time with him had a lot to do with his recovery.  We tried to get there as often as we could, but as we lived about 100 miles away, they were limited to two to three times a month.  He kept himself busy with writing.  He did some technical writing for his former employer, which gave him a small paycheck.  He also did some other writing, mostly short stories, which he occasionally sold.

We spent a few minutes just talking about current events and gossip.  It was a quiet day with very little activity, as most of the residents only had visitors on the weekend..  On days like this, we could lock the door to his room and have some private time.  That's when Mom would shoo me out so she and Dad would have some alone time.  But today would be different.  Mildred asked him if he had all of his things taken care of for the morning, and he said he had.  She turned to me and told me to close and lock the door.

Mildred turned to Dad.  "Frank, I told Lois and Jimmy about us."

"What???  Why??"

"They have something to tell you, too.  Remember when we talked about Lois not being satisfied?  Well, that problem has been solved in a manner I think you would approve of."

"How?"

"Jimmy has been taking care of my needs," Mom said.  "I know how much it pains you not to be able to make love to me like you used to.  I still enjoy our times together, but sometimes I need more."

"Frank, you understood when I told you about Walt JR.  Let Lois have the same pleasures."

"Honey, we don't want to put you out.  We have decided that you will always be a part of our activities and pleasures."

"Lois, Jimmy, and I have decided to do something special for you today."

With that, Mom and Aunt Mildred stood up and faced Dad.  I walked behind Aunt Mildred and undid the zipper on her dress.  When it was all the way down, I eased it off of her shoulders and let it slide to the floor.  She stood there clad only in her stockings and garter belt.  She turned toward me and kissed me.  

I walked over behind Mom and did the same.  I unzipped her dress and slid it off of her shoulders and off of her breasts.  The dress fell to the floor, revealing a lacy, bra, stockings, and a garter belt.  I unhooked her bra, sliding it off of her shoulders and uncovering her breasts.  She also turned and kissed me.

I kicked my shoes off and stood between Mom and Mildred.  They undid my belt and worked my shirt out of my pants.  They pulled up my shirt and took if off over my head.  Tossing it on a chair, they turned back to me and undid my pants.  They slid them down my legs and I stepped out of them, naked except for my socks.  I stood between Mom and Mildred and we all faced Dad.  My penis was hard and leaking.  I could smell the arousal on Mom and Mildred.

Dad looked at Mom and then Mildred.  He turned his gaze toward me and studied me for a few moments.  "The last time I saw you naked, you did not have hair anywhere except for your head.  You sure have grown into quite the young man.  Come here, and let me look at you."

I walked over to him and stood in front of him.  He reached out his hand and gripped my penis.  He pulled me toward him, leaned forward and took my penis into his mouth.  I was initially surprised, but before the shock wore off, I could feel the beginnings of my orgasm.  Within a few seconds, I was squirting my cum into his mouth.  He kept sucking until I went soft.  He let my penis fall from his mouth.  "That will make you last for the ladies."

I was a little surprised as I had not expected that.  Mom and Mildred watched with interest, but did not say anything.  I don't think they expected that either.

"What next?"  I asked.

"There are some blankets in the closet.  Get them and spread them on the floor."  Dad pointed at the closet.  I did as he asked. 

Mom grabbed me and indicated I was to help her put Dad on the floor.  I stood on one side and Mom on the other as he put his arms around us.  Mildred grabbed his legs and we placed him on the floor.  Mom lay down next to him and they started kissing.  Mildred lay on the other side of Dad and started to hug him and play with his cock.  Mom motioned me down beside her and I put my arms around her.  

After a few minutes, Dad went down and started to suck her nipple.  I kissed her and then took her other nipple in her mouth.  I could tell she was getting aroused as her breathing deepened and a flush was coming on to her face and chest.  

I looked at Dad.  "Mom really likes to have her slit licked."

"Lois?"

"Oh Honey!  Please,  Kiss me down there.

"Lois, I have wanted to give you that pleasure, but I thought you would think me perverted."

"Jimmy has taught me a few things."

Dad use his arms and crawled between her thighs.  She spread her legs and Dad started to lick her, slowly at first.  She responded by thrusting her hips into Dad's face.  I resumed sucking her nipple, and Mildred fastened her mouth over her other one.  Mom clasped us to her as her orgasm started.

I heard some squishing sounds and some sputtering.  Dad was shaking his head and coughing.  "Dad, I should have old you that Mom gushes when she has a strong climax."

Mom was laying back with a blissful look on her face.  Mildred and I were chuckling about Dad's predicament.  Dad was still spitting and sputtering, trying to clear his windpipe.  Mildred and I went back to sucking Mom's nipples.  I reached between her legs and slid two fingers in her slit, one on either side of her clit.  I started rubbing on the hood and she pulled us again into her breasts.  

Dad looked at me.  "Your Mother just climaxed."

"Yes, but she can have more than one."

I moved myself between Mom's thighs and started sucking on her pussy.  I licked her cum off of her pussy and thighs and started sucking the new juices from her pussy.  Dad had taken my place sucking her breast.  After a few minutes, I felt the now familiar tensing.  I sucked her clit into my mouth, slipped two fingers deep inside, and she climaxed again.  Not as forcefully as the first, but still a strong one.

"What about me?"  Mildred had rolled onto her back and had spread her legs wide in invitation.  I crawled over to her and buried my face in her pussy, licking her slit from moms to her perineum.  She pulled my head, forcing it deeper into her pussy as I kept licking.  I took a quick breath and glanced up.  Mom was kissing her and Dad was sucking on one nipple and rolling the other between his fingers.  Mildred was already aroused from the session with Mom, and it did not take long for her to climax.  She stiffened and squirted just a couple of drops.

We all laid back and relaxed for a few moments to catch our collective breaths.  Mom and Dad started kissing, and I crawled up to Aunt Mildred and kissed her, letting her taste her own juices.  

Mom had moved up and let Dad suck her nipples.  Her hand as in his crotch, playing with his penis.  It was still limp, but he seemed to be enjoying it,  His hand was in Mom's pussy, playing with her clit and fingering her.

Mildred moved over to Dad's side and started playing with his cock also.  She moved and put her face right over it.  Mom took her hand away, and Mildred started sucking him.  

I slid over and watcher.  Although he seemed to enjoy her ministrations, he still did not get hard.

Mildred saw the look of puzzlement of my face.  "He can't get hard.  It is a result of his injuries.  But he can still cum."

I felt Mom's leg brush against me.  I looked up and saw that she had squatted over his face so he could lick her some more.  She had raised up and had started pinching her nipples.

Mildred continued sucking his cock and, as she did, she pinched the base, giving him somewhat of an erection.  She repeated this several times, and it grew, but did not get hard.  

"Your turn," she said as she popped his cock out of her mouth.  She held it toward me, and I took it into my mouth.  Never having sucked a cock before, I just did what I would have liked to have done to me.  I sucked the head into my mouth and ran my tongue around it.  

Mildred kept stroking the exposed part with one hand and the other was still around the base, giving it a semblance of hardness.  His precum was oozing out as I was sucking.  He finally stiffened his torso and his cum oozed out.  Although he had quite a bit of cum, I had no trouble keeping up with it.  It did not squirt out like I would have, it was more like sucking a malted through a straw.  He was still cumming when I took his cock out of my mouth and pushed it back to Mildred.  She took it in and finished sucking him off.

I stood and kissed Mom, letting her taste Dad's cum.  She had a surprised look on her face, but did not break the kiss.  I let the cum roll into her mouth as my tongue explored the inside of her mouth.  I broke the kiss, letting her savor his cum.  

Mom climbed off of Dad and lay beside him.  Aunt Mildred was lying on the other side.  I was still standing, my cock rock hard.  Dad noticed my situation and said, "Mildred, your nephew needs some attention."

With that, she spread her legs and I mounted her.  I was so horny, that I came in about three strokes.  "Sorry"

"That's OK, I need to rest up before I can take more of this.  We can do more at home."


Epilogue

That day was the first of many times that we visited Dad and sex.  I no longer was excluded from the fun as t was beforehand.  I would visit with Mom, Aunt Mildred, or just by myself.

One day I forgot to lock the door and one of the nurses walked in on us.  She just smiled and went back out.  I found out that she also took "care" of Dad, and we ended up having a threesome a couple of times.

During this time, the government had a lottery for young men, and I was one of the losers.  I enlisted in the Army and made a career out of it.  Dad passed on from complications of his injuries just a couple years after I enlisted.  I married a female soldier.  She and Mom got along famously, and we had a lot of fun times together.  After I was assigned to Germany, Mom remarried.  We never did let on about our relationship to him.  

Mom and her husband have since passed, leaving me with many happy memories.
