Sonny switched off the light in Patrice's frozen tomb, ran his hands down one of the melting ice replicas of the Steelgrave empire, wiped his hands over his face.

He looked over at Vinnie, who was hunched over the long tale, head in hands, surrounded by bachelor party remnants.

"What's the matter, Vinnie? You don't look so happy."

Vinnie turned and stared at the man, still too shaken and numb to speak. Was the nightmare over yet? A night of indulging in almost every deadly sin, watching Sonny dig his own grave, helpless to stop it... Vinnie's mind had not stopped reeling. He felt like he was on a carousel, going ever faster, trapped, with no way to get off.

Sonny walked over to the wall phone and picked it up.

"Time for Paul and Scullisi to leave."

A few minutes later Aldo Baglia showed up. He offered Sonny his gun but Sonny shook his head in refusal. Aldo cleared off the top of the icy coffin, opened the closet door, and dragged Scullisi's body out. Sid Royce whimpered and crawled forward. Aldo kicked him back into the closet and locked the door. He stuffed Scullisi in with Patrice and wheeled them away. Sonny watched their departure with a smirk.

"I love it."

He came up behind Vinnie and pat his shoulder.

"Today is the start of a new life, Vinnie. I'm getting married, I finally got Patrice where I want him, I'm back on track again. Nothing can stop me."

His voice was filled with unshakable self-confidence and he was hopelessly pleased with himself. Vinnie felt physically ill. He rested his forehead against his fist and shook his head.

"Hey, what's wrong?"

Vinnie turned on him. "You garroted Paul Patrice right in front of me! You killed a man in the middle of your bachelor party while a table full of people just sat by and watched!"

Sonny picked up a champagne bottle, tested it, found it empty, and tossed it aside.

"So? I didn't do anything to Pat he wasn't planning on doing to me."

Vinnie closed his eyes, shaking his head again. No arguing with logic like that -- the get-them-before-they-get-you logic of Sonny Steelgrave. Nothing left to say, then.

"I should've told you," Sonny was saying, sounding almost apologetic. "But I knew you'd be like this. If there's one thing I don't get about you, it's your reluctance to step on the people who get in your way."

Vinnie glared up at him. Sonny paced over to the wall.

"You got your own code, and that's fine. But it ain't mine. You woulda talked me out of icing Patrice and I had to do it. Besides, I was still pissed off that Aldo was making you out to be some kinda traitor and there was nothing I could say cause you weren't telling me anything."

Sonny wandered back to the table and leaned over it, eyes bright with power and conquest. "But now, that's all over, and you and me, we're gonna make New York forget there ever was a Patrice. We're gonna pull that garbage dump out of the slime Pat let build up and teach them a new name: Steelgrave."

Vinnie's eyes met Sonny's and for the first time he saw the man he told himself he should've seen all along. This was the Steelgrave monster -- this was the ruthless gangster he'd set out to destroy. And yet... and yet there was still something unmistakably Sonny about him. Even riding high on the thrill of his bloodlust, there was something charismatic, something attractive, something vulnerable.

Cursing himself for falling in love with such a man, Vinnie rose, grabbed a side serving table and pushed it into the corner. He piled another, smaller table on top, then a chair on top of that, and climbed up.

"Hey, what're you doing?" Sonny asked. "You're gonna break your neck doing that."

Vinnie stood on his toes, too intent to notice how the chair trembled unsteadily as he reached for the decorative grating. Swiping at it with his fingertips, he was just able to get a hold at the bottom. He yanked at it, pushed it, pulled at it, finally working it loose. The whole thing came tumbling down as Vinnie jumped to the floor. The video recorder crashed down with a muffled cracking sound. Vinnie reached for it, grabbed the videotape, broke its protective casing and started pulling out the tape inside, scraping and shredding it against the jagged edges.

Sonny watched him, stunned. "What the hell are you doing?"

Vinnie dropped the destroyed videotape onto the floor in front of him. "Saving you from the death penalty."

There was a moment frozen in time, an endless handful of seconds when the two men stared at each other, like all the clocks had stopped and there was no universe outside that room.

"You're a cop, aren't you?" Sonny said, voice low and raspy.

There was no need to confirm or deny it. Vinnie remained perfectly still, eyes leveled at Sonny. Fuck you, Steelgrave, a part of him was saying. Fuck you for not being the man I expected you to be. Fuck you for making me forget I'm a cop. But another part of him was screaming with guilt: He trusted you. He protected you. He loved you.

"A cop," Sonny repeated, voice acquiring an edge. "A cop!"

And with a flash of movement he had overturned the table at Vinnie and was vaulting over it, lunging for Vinnie's neck. Vinnie's fist reached his jaw and Sonny staggered two steps back, but immediately bounded forward and knocked him on the chin. Before Vinnie had a chance to return the blow Sonny's hands were on his neck, thumbs pressing in on his throat.

"I'm gonna kill you, man. I'm gonna kill you."

Sonny's eyes were bright, wild. Vinnie started choking for air. He brought his hands up, into Sonny's face, and pushed him away. He pushed him harder than he thought, for Sonny reeled back, stumbling against the upset table.

Vinnie headed after him and Sonny rushed him, hurtling them both into the wall. Vinnie landed on top of the fallen video camera and felt it jab into his back. Sonny's boxing instincts had set in and he was pummeling Vinnie's face with an expert's rhythm. Willing all his strength to his right arm Vinnie socked him on the cheekbone. Sonny's head flew back on contact, and Vinnie used the opportunity to kick him away. Sonny landed on his back, on top of an array of broken dishes and cut flowers. He didn't immediately stir, and Vinnie sat still, storing up energy for the next bout.

"Nobody move!"

Frank McPike and what looked like every cop in the tri-state area swarmed in through the double doors, OCB IDs flashing, rifles all coming to rest in a circle around Sonny and Vinnie. Relief and a strange sensation of emptiness shook through Vinnie. This was it. They had Steelgrave. It was over.

Frank stared down at them, frown deepening as he caught sight of the destroyed videotape. He nudged it with the toe of his shoe. The full weight of what he'd done -- destroying evidence, betraying the law to save Sonny Steelgrave -- struck Vinnie. He stared up at Frank, eyes wide and guilty, waiting for an outburst which never came.

The muffled cries and kicks of Sid Royce coming from the closet diverted Frank's attention. The door was opened and Sid tumbled forth, jaw working like a fish gulping for oxygen. He started to say something, but Frank cut in, "Lock him up, too," and returned his gaze to Vinnie.

A uniform had pulled Sonny to his feet, was handcuffing him. Sonny's eyes met Vinnie's, dark, brooding, angry, hating. Vinnie, standing up, looked away, looked to Frank, wincing at his damning stare. Nowhere to turn... He felt an icy breeze swirl around him, numbing his senses. His wrists were pulled back and handcuffed, Frank mirandized him, he was shoved forward, through the double doors of the banquet room. It was over.

But in the back of his mind, a voice asked, Will it ever be over?

-----

The smell of bad coffee made Vinnie open his eyes. Frank set the paper cup on the table next to him. Vinnie scanned the drab, soundproof interrogation room. The guard who'd been standing by the door for as long as he could remember was gone. He ran a hand through his hair, trying to focus his thoughts, trying to forget the last look Sonny had given him, trying to recall how long he'd been here, what day it was.

"Royce says Sonny killed Patrice. Aldo Baglia gunned down Scullisi and Sonny strangled Patrice."

Vinnie turned the paper cup around in his fingers, not meeting Frank's gaze, not saying a word, not knowing what to say. Frank leaned forward.

"Why'd you do it? The videotape, why?"

Hiding guilt with anger, Vinnie snapped, "What makes you so sure it was me?"

"Well, it's true, isn't it?" It wasn't a question.

Still unable to form a reply, as if admitting the truth would destroy him, Vinnie folded his arms over his chest and stared obstinately at the table. Frank watched him for a while, then opened a file.

"No one's talking, of course, except Royce. Without the bodies, well... Royce isn't exactly a model witness." Frank sighed wearily. "We need corroboration. We needed that tape. What happened, Vince? Talk to me."

Vinnie shifted, toyed with the paper cup. "Sid will say anything to get at Sonny," he pointed out. "Patrice and Royce wanted to bring him down almost as much as we did."

Frank shook his head. "Okay. So if Royce is lying, where's Patrice?"

Vinnie swallowed hard. "I don't know where Patrice is."

Frank rolled his eyes. "Listen, kid, you better wake up and wake up fast. I've got Steelgrave, Mahoney, Baglia, and friends like Manza and Boca locked up out there, and all we've got on them is racketeering, fraud, illegal parking and whatever else I can think up. Confirm Sid's story and we're talking about murder."

Vinnie sat quietly, feeling the walls press in on him. His head hurt, his ears were ringing, and all he could see when he closed his eyes was Sonny garroting Patrice. He hunched over the table and rested his chin on his fists.

"Leave me alone, Frank. You got Steelgrave. You got more than Steelgrave. It's over, okay?"

Frank glared at him, then stormed out of the room, slamming the door shut behind him.

-----

By the time he reached Steelgrave's interrogation room, Frank's fury had subsided to a calm, biting anger. He entered the room and regarded the disheveled Steelgrave like the aberration of humanity he undoubtedly was. Sonny looked up at him, eyes cold and confident, jaw set. Frank sat down at the table across from him.

"Where's Patrice's body?"

Sonny's eyebrows flickered upward. "Oh, is Pat dead? Remind me to go dance on his grave when all this is over."

Frank's stare burned into him but met only cool resistance. "I have a witness who says you killed him."

Sonny's eyes were hard, black. "Better and better. I'm surprised at you, McPike -- listening to fairy tales."

Frank leaned forward. "Don't fuck with me, Steelgrave. I'm not in the mood," he growled.

"And I wasn't in the mood to get stabbed in the back by my 'good pal' Vinnie," Sonny said angrily. "Is that who your witness is, huh? That liar, that Judas? Then you better look around some more, McPike, cause you ain't gonna pin nothing on me. Terranova's been lying so long, he doesn't know what truth is." Sonny's eyes flared. "I trusted him with my life, with my soul. I gave him everything and he took it and twisted it into something obscene, something he could use against me. And you," Sonny said, pointing at Frank, "You better get your boy's head examined. You don't know what he's done to me, what he's said to me... And I believed it." He slammed his palms down on the table. "I believed it!"

He sprang from the chair, knocking it over, stalked over to the wall, hit it once with his fist and stalked back. Reclaiming his composure he tugged on his shirttails, picked up the chair and sat down.

"It's my word against Terranova's, and I'm not the one who's been lying everyday for a year, yeah?"

Frank looked into the eyes of the monster -- and blinked. Sonny's eyes were focused on something that wasn't there. Unguarded, they revealed a deep pain, not the pain of a criminal despot who's just lost his ill-gotten empire, but the pain of a man who'd just lost his best friend. Frank blinked, not wanting to see this, not wanting to look into Sonny Steelgrave's soul, not wanting to believe Sonny Steelgrave even had a soul. But he couldn't blink away that look, so he lowered his eyes.

He rose, aware of Sonny's eyes following him as he left the room. Shutting the door behind him, he rubbed the bridge of his nose under his glasses, trying to massage away the migraine he felt coming, when he saw Elias down the hall, followed closely by Steelgrave's lawyer.

"Shit," he muttered, turning his back on them and walking away, ignoring Elias's call.

-----

It shouldn't have been this easy to see Sonny. He should have been locked up miles away, but instead he was here. In a soundproof interrogation room watched by one inexperienced guard -- while the police, the FBI, and a horde of lawyers argued outside.

The guard shouldn't have stepped aside so readily as Vinnie flashed his OCB card, but he did. He stepped aside and opened the door, and there was Sonny, sitting at a table with his hands balled up into fists in front of him.

Vinnie shut the door behind him and leaned against it. Sonny didn't look up, but the way his shoulders stiffened belied his awareness of Vinnie's presence. Vinnie looked down at the floor. Why had he come here? Hadn't he done enough damage? Hadn't he fucked up as much as he possibly could? He didn't know what to say to Sonny -- just felt that something had to be said.

He wanted Sonny to make the first move, then told himself that was wishful thinking. Sonny wasn't about to say a word. Then Sonny spoke.

"Get out of here."

His voice was low, raspy, sounded exactly like it had back at the banquet room, when he'd found out the truth. Vinnie hated that voice. That was the voice of the Sonny he wished he'd never met.

Vinnie came forward, paused, waiting in vain for Sonny to look at him, finally sat down at the table. He didn't want to apologize. He didn't want to sound like he was sorry for doing his job. There were things he regretted about his job, things he hated about it, but he wasn't going to apologize for it.

Though deep down it hurt more than he could bear, he knew Sonny belonged behind bars, and Vinnie couldn't let himself lament being the one to put him there. He felt sorry for Sonny. Felt sorry for himself. Felt sorry that Sonny wasn't the man Vinnie wanted him to be.

"I'm sorry," he said, not wanting to, but unable to avoid saying it.

Sonny looked up at him, eyes dark and sunken, still burning with rage. The bruises, the growth of beard, the stained shirt -- he looked awful. Vinnie didn't want to see him like this, but he couldn't look away.

"You're sorry," Sonny snorted. "Well, that's just great, Vinnie. That makes everything okay." He looked away and shook his head. "I'm going to prison and you're sorry."

Vinnie fed off his anger. He couldn't help it. It was better than feeling guilty, than feeling helpless.

Sonny looked at him again, frowning. He gave Vinnie a calculating stare. "Y'know, what I can't work out is how you can be a cop, huh? How? You're not that stupid, and you never struck me as the kind of guy who gets his kicks ruining other people's lives. How can you do it? What's in it for you?"

The anger was eating into Vinnie now, and to him it felt like relief. He gave Sonny a defiant glare.

"I don't expect you to understand," he replied coldly. "I'm a cop because I believe in right and wrong. I believe in justice--"

"And you work for the Feds?" Sonny interrupted. "Gee, Vinnie, maybe you are that stupid."

For an instant Vinnie felt like punching him, and he knew that was the reaction Sonny was baiting him for. But that kind of temptation was always the easiest to ignore.

"Like I said, I don't expect you to understand. The difference between you and me is that I care about other people, and how their lives are ruined by people like you."

Sonny's expression blackened and he remained silent for several seconds. When he spoke, he sounded casual, but there was a cold undercurrent in his voice. "So, tell me about the lives I've ruined, Vinnie. No, please. I want to know."

"Like I can't answer that?" Vinnie scoffed. "Let's start with drugs. You let drug shipments land at your docks, the drugs go out to the distribution networks, out to the streets. Kids die."

"Names, Vinnie. Give me names," Sonny pressed. "You're the one who cares about everybody else, right? So give me the names of the people whose lives I, personally, have ruined. Go ahead. I want to know."

Vinnie was silent for a moment, furious at Sonny for pushing him to this.

"Joey Romanowski," he said at last. "There's a name for you. You want more? Those two cops who were in your pocket. Karen Malloy--"

"That was Royce," Sonny put in.

"You would've done the same, but okay, have it your way. What do you expect me to say, Sonny? That your business actions might have hurt thousands indirectly, but that's okay because you never hurt anyone directly? That's bullshit, even if it were true. But it isn't true. Your hands are bloody, too."

Sonny glowered at him. "I can't believe I'm hearing this," he said disgustedly. "You've taken everything from me, and for what? You don't even know what this is all about."

"I haven't taken anything from you," Vinnie countered. "You lost it. You lost it through your greed, your dealings in death, your stupid belief that the universe revolves around you and your puny little empire."

Sonny sat back, shook his head. "They teach you to rationalize real well, don't they?" he said easily, then suddenly his voice turned hard and cutting. "You can say a lot of things about me but I never lied to you, Vinnie."

Vinnie froze. He couldn't answer that.

"Yeah, you can explain everything away," Sonny continued. "Saint Vincenzo and mean old Sonny. Good and evil. But what it boils down to is: you lied to me. You betrayed me. That's what your job is: lies, betrayal. You better think about that, Vinnie, cause if you think this is about drugs and death, you're wrong."

Vinnie's jaw clenched tightly and he gave Sonny the iciest, most damning glare he could. He stood up to go. This had been a monumental mistake. He never should have come here. What could he hope to accomplish? In Sonny's mind, he was a liar, a Judas, and nothing would ever change that.

As he reached the door he heard Sonny say quietly, "You know, what really bothers me is that I liked you. I liked what I saw in you. And now I'll never know if what I saw was real or just part of the act."

Vinnie turned around, wanted to hide from Sonny's bleak, hurt expression. Sonny watched him for a few moments, blinked slowly. Vinnie leaned against the door, unable to look away. Staring into Sonny's anger, loneliness, pain, he wanted to reach out to him. Damn it, as crazy as it seemed, at that moment he loved Sonny more than ever.

"Tell me," Sonny said, staring down at his hands. "Sleeping with me. Was that part of the act, too?"

Vinnie felt the smothering weight of guilt and sorrow bear down on him. He cleared his throat, taking a deep breath to keep the tears from forming.

"No," he answered, voice raw, barely above a whisper.

Sonny wouldn't meet his gaze. He inclined his head slightly, jaw set, frowning, but eyes blank, empty. Vinnie watched him, desperate to hold him, to reassure him... With what? More lies?

"Goodbye Sonny," he said. He opened the door, taking one last glance at Sonny, who sat in proud profile, unwilling to look at him, unwilling to acknowledge his departure. Vinnie stepped into the hallway and shut the door.

-----

The room was an office. Not a cell and not an interrogation room. There was a window, dusty but letting in light, the walls were painted an ugly yellow, and behind the desk was a bulletin board with Reagan's photo pinned next to an 8 x 10 of Al Capone. Vinnie slumped in the chair and Frank stood by the window, watching without interest the parking lot outside.

"We think Aldo Baglia skipped the country," he said. No reaction. He looked at Vinnie, then back out the window. "Without the bodies and without a corroborating witness... I don't know how we'll do on the murder charge. We'll put Steelgrave behind bars for as long as we can."

Vinnie's shoulders stiffened. He stared resolutely at the bulletin board.

"It's over, Vince," Frank said quietly, then hesitated. "You can take some time. In fact, Elias might insist on it. He's still foaming at the mouth about the videotape. Come on, Vince, it's over. Talk to me."

Vinnie looked at Frank out of the corners of his eyes, then went back to staring at Ronald Reagan.

"What do you want me to say, Frank? That I'm happy it's over? Elias is right. The case is a fuck-up. I'm a fuck-up."

Frank sighed and shook his head. "You're not a fuck-up. You did good. You delivered more than we could have expected when you first started. I know it hasn't been easy--"

Vinnie snorted.

"--I know you got close to him. I know how hard that is. Facing the man you've spent months getting to trust you and flashing him the badge: 'sorry, pal.' But what's important is that you did what's right."

"'What's right,' Frank?" Vinnie kicked his heel against the desk. "Thanks for the pep talk, but you don't know anything about it. You have no idea what it was like, okay?"

Vinnie shifted uncomfortably in the chair, folded his arms over his chest.

"Vince--"

"No, Frank," Vinnie cut in, voice rising. "Going in," he continued, quieter, "I thought I knew who I was dealing with. I thought I knew what it'd be like. It wasn't like I expected, Frank. He wasn't like I expected.

"So then I thought I could handle it. I knew I was getting close to him but I thought I could take it. Frank, you don't know what it was like with him. It got so easy to overlook the bad, because there was so much good. There really was -- is -- and that's what scares me. After a while I'd look at Sonny and I didn't see the bad anymore. Only the good. And I thought, what if we're wrong? What if there really is only the good?"

Frank had moved to the desk. He sat down on the edge, watching Vinnie intently. Vinnie frowned, scuffed the floor with the toe of his shoe.

"Is that what we have to do?" he asked suddenly. "Blind ourselves to the good so we only see what we want to see? And when we do that, how are we any better than they are, huh? Where's the balance in that? Where's the justice?" He paused. "I thought it'd be easy because I knew I was on the right side. It wasn't easy, and being on the right side didn't help one damn bit."

Frank pat his shoulder.

"Welcome to reality, kid," he said softly, with no trace of malice or sarcasm. Vinnie looked at him and realized that maybe he did know what it was like. Maybe Frank did understand, at least partly.

"I loved him," Vinnie confessed, eyes darting away from Frank's.

"I know you did."

Vinnie knew he should say more, tell him everything, but he couldn't bring himself to. Frank might have known he'd loved Sonny, but he didn't know he'd fallen in love with Sonny. He didn't know how close 'getting close to Sonny' had been.

And in a peculiar way, though the secret was a burden, Vinnie didn't feel a particular need to share it. Maybe later, when remembering what it was like to be kissed, and held, and made love to by Sonny didn't cut into him so sharply.

Maybe much, much later.

(The End)