The next safe house for the runaway slaves and rebels was isolated, cramped and very cold. Tina pressed herself up close to Mike’s side, positively shivering. She was also starting to sweat, which worried her. She could not stand to get sick in a situation like this. “Are you okay?” Mike asked her softly, from where he was tucked against her with both arms around her waist.

“You seem a bit flushed.”

“I think I might be getting sick,” she said honestly, leaning back against his solid, warm chest. “I’m freezing but swetting.”

He tightened his arms around her waist and leaned close to her shoulder. “I’m right here,” he said. “It’ll be okay. They said we’ll only be here for a little while longer.”

Tina nodded. She could make it. It was a long trip but she could make it. “Kiss?” she asked.

Mike obliged her as he always did, pressing his lips up to hers. Kissing was one of the most amazing things that Mike and Tina did. Sure, they had experimented up and down sexually but there was something wonderfully intimate about just the simplest brush of Mike’s lips against hers. It made her shiver with something more than the hold and her evident fever.

“I’m so sorry,” she mumbled, barely realizing what she was saying before it poured out of her lips. She owed Mike so much apology. She had bought him, used him and until she saw the light treated him like a slave. “I am so sorry I ever treated you like you were my property Mike. I was just always taught that was okay and I…I was so overcome by lust for you.” She knew she was babbling but she couldn’t really stop the flow of words once they started. Her brain was off, a little addled by the heat. “I was just such a confused little girl. I didn’t realize that you were as much of a person as I was until I started to fall in love with you and then I knew.”

“It’s not your fault,” Mike said, before kissing her once more to stop the rambling coming from her. He smiled wearily as he looked into her eyes. She was tired of leaning back and stretching so she closed her eyes, leaning back against him again. He stroked her hair while he spoke. “You were brought up thinking that it was okay to treat people like that and god, Tina, I was overcome by lust too. I had never met such a beautiful, overpowering, commanding woman.”

“I think part of it was because I’ve never been commanding before,” she said, a red blush crossing her cheeks. “I mean I…I was really shy all through childhood and I – you know, I had this stutter.” She smiled, because she had never told anyone except Artie about the extent of her faking, though it was obvious to everyone who knew her that she had faked it up until the tenth grade. “I was really shy and afraid of public speaking, so I faked this stutter. It kept people from talking to me, paying too much mind because they felt bad for the poor stuttering kid. I finally confessed it to my first boyfriend, Artie, who was in a wheelchair. Then I cut it out, I acted strong, confident and I slowly became strong, confident.”

“I would have never known,” Mike said quietly. “Did you love your first boyfriend?”

“Of course, but we were too different. It faded off,” Tina said, thinking about how things used to be before Mike was a part of her life. “I love you.”

“I love you too.”

Tina leaned up close to Mike and then decided to turn herself around in his arms. She kissed him slowly. This was love, this thing that she and Mike had and she was so thankful for it.

When gunshots sounded, she jumped into his gasp. “Oh god.”