THE SPORTS FAN
"A Short Story"

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over
the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris) August, 2009
An archive of my stories can be found at
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the
writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect
the integrity of this story and don't rewrite."

The Sports Fan

Marcus loves sport. He loves it not as a player, but as a very
involved spectator. No, his special interest lies in watching
other men participate in those strenuous sports he loves to view.

He has always lacked the co-ordination and abilities to be an
active player in any sport. Even as a boy he knew he was a
disappointment to his sports-loving father. After all these
years, he recalls the many occasions when his father -
exasperated at his poor showing in any of his enforced sporting
endeavours - rebuked him with the admonishment.

"It's better to be a poor player than a good spectator".

He wonders what his late father would think of him now.

What is it he likes about sport? It's essentially about looking
on as virile, young men compete with one another to be winners.
He appreciates the "winner-takes-all" approach to sport. He likes
to watch as the players push their bodies to the limits of their
physical endurance in an effort to be the very best that they can
be.

Best of all, he is sexually aroused by the aggression, the sheer
physicality, the testosterone and the sweating, straining bodies
as they seek to dominate their opponents.

His favourite winter sport is the game of football known as
Australian Football. He doesn't follow any one team - all the
teams excite him. Although he regularly attends live games, he
also spends many hours watching replays of all the team games on
his large 52 inch, LED flat-screen television.

Here he can watch, in comfort, as these superbly fit, young
athletes, clad only in the briefest and tightest of shorts and
sleeveless tops, charge around the playing field. These players
possess lithe, slender bodies which allow for the speed that the
game demands. As they run around the field in pursuit of the
ball, they remind him of graceful gazelles in nervous flight from
a hungry predator. Marcus watches lasciviously as their corded
thigh muscles flex in unison with the undulations of their barely
concealed buttocks.

And of course, there are those exciting moments in the game when
a player, with the poise and grace of a ballet dancer, flies high
into the air to mark the ball.

Marcus particularly likes these moments - when the player with
his arms stretched high above his head and soaring above his
fellow players to catch the ball - displays his taut, muscular
body to perfection.

Marcus loves the stress placed on the player's body as he catches
a glimpse of the exposed, sweaty armpits. Marcus isn't sure what
it is about an armpit that gets him so fired up. He only knows
that it makes his rampantly erect cock throb that much harder.
And then there are those delightful times when the bottom hem of
the player's top "rides-up' to reveal his bare belly and its
intriguing treasure-trail.

Such moments are just too much for Marcus!

Of course, football is a winter sport and once the weather warms
up, Marcus switches his attention to his favourite summer
sport-surf lifeguarding.

Now he prowls the beaches watching as the surf lifeguards patrol
their patches. He lies on the warm sand, ostensibly working on
his tan, but really his attention is surreptitiously focused on
the magnificent, almost naked, young lifeguards clad only in
their scanty swimming briefs.

Marcus loves bikini briefs, particularly if they adorn a young,
muscular, male body. He believes these briefs or
-"budgie-smugglers" in the common vernacular - are truly a gift
from the gods. He appreciates their brevity and how they focus
the attention on the barely concealed front package and the
shapely, well rounded ass cheeks.

Marcus loves to go to a surf boat racing carnival and watch as
the teams from the different clubs prepare their boats for a
race. For some reason, most of the rowers "wedge" their bathers
into their ass-cracks thus further exposing their buttocks to
public view.

This seems to be an almost universal practice and he'd been told
that, in the past, this was done to avoid a painful condition
referred to by old-time lifeguards as "gunwale bum." He'd been
told the constant rubbing of a wearer's bathers on the rowing
bench, as he worked the oars, caused an extremely painful rash or
friction burn to his ass and the inner thighs.

Whether or not this is true, he doesn't know. Despite his best
efforts he has never been able to verify if this is correct.
However, he is delighted that the habit still persists and that
it gives him the chance to drool over so many young, muscular
asses.

Marcus doesn't wear bikini briefs. Instead he wears loose, long
legged shorts. This isn't because he's ashamed of his thirty
something body. Quite the contrary; he is proud of his head
turning body and enjoys the fact that many men look at him
admiringly.

In fact, Marcus is fastidious in that he eats only healthy foods
and ensures his body is gym honed. No, his reason for wearing the
shorts is to hide the almost perpetual erection he sports when on
the beach. This tenting would be too hard to conceal in a pair of
snug fitting bathers. After all, he doesn't want to appear too
obvious or too eager.

Marcus, feigning an interest in the activities, usually places
himself close to the boat crews as they work on preparing their
boats for a race. As the crews ready the oars, he watches the
play of their strong muscles under their sweat sheen and he is
often rewarded with a tantalising glimpse of their rumps as they
bend over to place the oars in the rowlocks.

The only discordant note in all this is the stark whiteness of
their buttocks. They are in sharp contrast to the beautiful, deep
golden tans of their bodies. Yes, Marcus does enjoy surf boat
carnivals and will travel widely to attend as many as possible.

Today, as he lies on the warm sand working on his tan he has his
eyes on two superbly fit and muscular young lifeguards. His
interest in them isn't just academic; he is in fact, working.

You see, Marcus is a recruiter or, if you prefer, a facilitator.
Working on commission, he seeks out likely candidates for
enslavement. Once found, he "recruits" them and then
"facilitates" their delivery to their new masters. In this he is
very successful.

His standing is high in the world of slavery and his reputation
is second to none. Yet, of necessity, he maintains a very
discreet, almost secret presence. Both the sports he follows are
high profile in that many of the athletes are well-known and
stand tall in public opinion.

Therefore, he never recruits from the highest levels of the
sports for fear of the public outcry should a popular sporting
hero suddenly disappear. Subsequently, he recruits only from the
lower levels of the sports, where the athletes are just as
marketable but not as well known. And where possible, he selects
only those candidates who won't be
missed or will soon be forgotten.

When he is given a commission, Marcus spends considerable time
seeking recruits with the requisite requirements. Once found, he
then researches their backgrounds as to what families they have,
their educations, where they work and if they have many friends.
All these are important factors to consider in making a young man
disappear.

It is also necessary to establish the recruit's pattern of
behaviour as this assists in his final pickup. When he is
satisfied that he has chosen correctly, it is very easy to
arrange to have his recruit apprehended and delivered to his
client. Marcus has a number of questionable acquaintances who are
only too willing, for a price, to do this without asking
questions.

Marcus enjoys the thrill of the chase. From the time he receives
a commission, to the actual delivery of the new slave to his
client he feels vital and alive. Although he is cautious by
nature, he does enjoy that slight element of uncertainty
associated with his activities.

As he lies on the sand, he remembers two recent enslavements and
the challenges they presented. He had received a special
commission, through an intermediary, to recruit two young
Australians for a Middle Eastern client.

The specifications for the two were quite explicit. They were to
possess strong, muscular physiques with long legs and good
cardio-vascular systems. They were to be identical in height,
weight and colouring. And they were to be handsome with golden
blond hair.

These specifications presented Marcus with quite a challenge. Of
course, there were many young Australian males who qualified.
However, the reality was different in that it was harder to find
two who could simply disappear without trace. Never-the-less,
Marcus enthusiastically set about finding them and, quite by
chance, he discovered two brothers.

One day, he was attending a minor league football match and
spotted the brothers playing for their local team. They more than
met his client's criteria and he knew immediately that these two
were just what he was looking for.

For next few weeks, until season's end, he attended all their
games and discreetly unearthed all the information he could about
the two brothers. Liam, at twenty-one was the older brother and
Patrick at nineteen was the younger. Liam had recently graduated
from university as a geologist who was soon to commence a
cadetship with one of the larger "Outback" mining companies.
Patrick was a medical student.

Both brothers were very close to one another and participated in
the same sporting activities. Marcus was delighted to learn that
the brothers were also active members of their local, surf
lifeguarding club. This involvement in both football and surf
guarding meant they met the physical requirements of his Middle
Eastern client.

Now Marcus became a regular visitor to the beach when the
brothers were on duty. Here, he was able to check them out more
or less "in the flesh" as they stripped down to their club
coloured swimming briefs. He was delighted with what he saw and
now he knew for certain that they were just what the client had
ordered.

Both brothers were so much alike that they could easily pass as
twins. They each possessed magnificent, deeply tanned physiques
with broad shoulders, thick chests and narrow waists. As they
moved, Marcus watched, entranced by the sensuous play of their
powerful muscles under their coatings of suntan oil. Each of them
had a head of thick blond curls with a matching light thatch on
their muscular chests and well defined bellies.

Their arms and legs were similarly covered. For Marcus, the only
fault in them was the ubiquitous whiteness of their concealed
buttocks. However, he knew this situation would soon rectify
itself. As slaves they would be kept naked and the colour of
their asses would soon match that of the rest of their bodies.
Marcus decided the two brothers were indeed ripe for enslavement.
But how was he to achieve this?

Frustratingly for Marcus, the brothers belonged to a prominent
family and they had loving, doting parents. They were part of a
caring, extended family, moved in a wide circle of friends and
were never alone. For weeks, Marcus secretly observed their every
movement and, at no time, did they give him an opportunity of
recruiting them.

Finally, with his Middle Eastern client growing impatient, Marcus
decided to give in. Regrettably, it was just too hard to recruit
the brothers. Then, when he was least expecting it, an
opportunity presented itself.

Quite by chance, he learned that the brothers' football club was
going on a weeklong "end-of-season" trip to Asia. Once he'd
confirmed that the brothers were going, he couldn't contain his
excitement.

Discreetly, he learned the team's flight details, the time of
departure and the time of arrival. Quickly, he made contact with
some Asian colleagues and supplied them with this information and
photos of the two brothers. It was now a matter of sitting back
and waiting for them to pick up the brothers for forward shipment
to their new owner.

Once the brothers were on the plane, Marcus eagerly told his
client that the goods were "in the air and on the way". He
received an appreciative reply expressing the client's delight.

He learned later, that it had been a simple matter to pick up the
two brothers for shipment to their new master somewhere in the
Middle East. Of course, their "disappearance" from the streets of
an Asian city had attracted much publicity and with persistent
lobbying from the brothers' father it quickly assumed national
prominence.

In vain, their father and his brother travelled to Asia to find
his two missing sons. However, all their efforts proved
fruitless; the search for them was painfully inadequate and no
one in authority knew what had happened to the two brothers.
After several weeks, the incident faded from prominence and the
two brothers were quickly forgotten. Their father returned home
angry and frustrated, but still hopeful that his two sons will
return home, one day soon.

Marcus was pleased that all the notoriety concerning the
disappearances was centred in Asia and that there was nothing to
connect him to the case. He had reason to feel pleased with the
outcome.

Later, when the fuss had died down, Marcus made a point of
enquiring about the brothers and how they had adjusted to their
new lives as slaves. He was surprised to hear they had undergone
rigorous training as ponies and they are now the current
favourites of their owner, Prince Rashid at some obscure place in
the Middle East called the Bezistan.

The prince had graciously sent a thank you message to Marcus
expressing his absolute delight with the "goods" and with the
promise of future business.

Erotically, Marcus often pictures himself in the driver's seat of
the prince's pony trap applying a whip to the now deeply tanned
buttocks of the two Australian ponies.

Returning to the present, Marcus watches as these latest,
possible recruits indulge in a playful wrestling match. He
watches the strain in their bodies as each strives to gain the
upper hand over his opponent. The play of their muscles provides
Marcus with a pleasant interlude as he pretends not to notice
their youthful exuberance.

He is amused at the way that both of them, laughing boisterously,
attempt to tug the bikini briefs down over his opponent's hips in
an attempt to expose a well-rounded rump. Each, no doubt, hopes
that the other will yield rather than have his bare ass exposed
to public scrutiny.

As he watches, Marcus assesses them with a view to recruitment.
He estimates their age at nineteen, perhaps twenty - an ideal age
for enslavement.

This isn't the first time that Marcus has been commissioned by
his sometime lover and close business associate, Sebastian, to
find him young men suitable for enslavement.

Sebastian is the proprietor of a small but exclusive "boutique"
business that turns out special slaves for a discreet clientele.
He lives on a secluded rural property and there, he conducts a
six months' training course that converts free, young men into
highly desirable slaves.

His speciality lies in producing exquisite pleasure slaves. He
usually has six recruits on each course - Sebastian is very much
a hands-on trainer and finds this to be the ideal number- he
knows that any more than six would lower the quality of the end
product. After their graduation, Sebastian conducts an
"invitation only" auction where the new slaves are offered to a
few, select, male clients - Sebastian only produces male slaves
for the very discerning master.

These auctions are a must attend for those who regard themselves
as connoisseurs of prime, male slaves and an invitation from
Sebastian to attend these auctions is eagerly sought after.

Sebastian is a man of independent means; he is the sole
beneficiary of a large family trust that provides him with every
luxury and eliminates the need for him to work. The money he
receives from the sale of his slaves is of no consequence to his
living standards - in fact, after deducting his expenses; he
usually donates the remainder to one of the many charities he
supports.

Sebastian conducts these courses purely for his own gratification
and pleasure. For Sebastian, it is a hobby born out of boredom;
he finds training his students gives him a daily purpose - it
relieves the tedium of his life.

Sebastian is nearing the end of such a course and he has six
graduates almost ready for selling. He has scheduled their
auction for next month and he is now currently recruiting for the
next intake to begin immediately after the sale.

He has been in touch with his close friend Marcus and has asked
him to scout around for suitable candidates. This is an area that
Marcus excels in and Sebastian, as always, defers to his superior
knowledge. He chuckles as he imagines Marcus' enthusiastic
approach to this task. He knows that Marcus will, as always,
recruit only the best.

As Marcus watches the two lifeguards wrestling in the sand, he
decides that they will indeed make admirable subjects for
Sebastian's training course. However, he'll need to delve into
their backgrounds to determine whether or not they can be safely
spirited away.

Marcus is very thorough in doing this and always takes care to
cover his tracks. This usually means choosing only those men who
have loose family ties -preferably without parents or siblings.
Invariably, when their absences are noticed, it is usually
assumed they have simply moved on without feeling the need to
inform anyone of their movements.

Once Marcus has delivered a recruit into Sebastian's hands, he
maintains a continuing interest in the new slave's training. To
this end, he is a frequent visitor to Sebastian's property.

There, he is able to personally check out the recruit's progress
into his new slavery. As old friends and sometime lovers,
Sebastian welcomes Marcus's interest and help in breaking-in the
new trainees. Sebastian, as owner, has first right to a new
slave's cherry. He exercises this right most enthusiastically,
but he generously allows Marcus to share in the pleasure of
introducing the new slaves into this important aspect of their
slavery. The two have spent many enjoyable hours training the
tight, virgin holes of the new
recruits.

Marcus watches as the young lifeguards try to wrestle one another
to the sand; they are perspiring profusely from the heat and
their sweat makes their strong, young bodies gleam in the
brilliant sunlight. Marcus thinks they make a sensuous picture.

As he watches, he is looking for any signs of gayness in their
behaviour. Marcus knows that these two virile, masculine young
men would vehemently reject any suggestion that they are
homosexual; rather they would loudly and proudly proclaim their
heterosexuality. But Marcus knows differently.

Experience has taught him that deep in the psyches of most young
males, there is a suppressed attraction to other males. He
imagines this to be the case in a sporting environment, where
communal nudity in the dressing-rooms makes for a highly charged
atmosphere. And he instinctively knows these two aren't any
different; of that he is certain. Now, he looks for signs from
the two lifeguards to confirm this.

Watching them closely, Marcus is pleased to notice the sly
lingering of a hand on a chest or belly, an "accidental" tweak of
a nipple, the grabbing of a buttock - ostensibly to give a
greater hold on the opponent's body - and the sensual bodily
contact as their sweaty torsos slide over each other.

And of course, there's the occasional glimpse of their massively
hard cocks clearly outlined through the thin fabric of their
bikinis.  Fuck it! But Marcus really does LOVE bikini swimming
briefs.

Marcus is pleased. This tendency on their part to respond
positively to another male's body augurs well for them. Because
of this, their transition into the roles of "pleasure slaves"
will be that much easier; both for them and their trainer,
Sebastian. Once they are over the initial shock of their
enslavement, Marcus knows they will quickly respond to
Sebastian's excellent training methods.

Suddenly, Marcus thoughts are interrupted by a loud shout from
one of the lifeguards. He has successfully pinned his opponent to the sand
and is whooping in victory.

As the beaten lifeguard struggles to regain the initiative,
Marcus is treated to the sight of their almost naked bodies
locked in a close embrace. And as Marcus looks at the tangle of
convulsing bodies and intertwined limbs, he is rewarded with a
glimpse of a naked ass - the victor has successfully disrobed his
beaten friend. With a laugh, he holds up the bikini as a trophy
and ignores the loser's pleas to return them. Marcus is
delighted; his only regret is that the winner's ass is still
covered.

There's no longer any doubt in Marcus' mind that he has chosen
well and that these two are destined for slavery. He will now
begin the enquiries into their backgrounds as the first necessary
step to recruiting them for Sebastian.

Marcus vividly pictures their induction into slavery at
Sebastian's training facility and, as usual, he'll be there to
witness it and, where necessary, to participate in their
training.

Marcus is pleased! Today has turned into a profitable day at the
workplace.


End


