The Dare MD
byFrancisdonatien©

The Dare MD Ch. 04

She opens her dare site with a special intro for Dr. Bill.

"I'VE MISSED YOU at the grocery store these past couple of Tuesdays."

Andrea was so startled at Dr. Bill Berman's sudden appearance at her office door that she jumped and hit her leg on the side of her desk.

"I'm sorry," Bill yelped. "I didn't mean to scare you."

It took Andrea a moment to catch her breath. "It's okay," she laughed. "I was just completely focused on . . . " and she waved her hand toward the papers on her desk. In truth, she was experimenting with a new camera that she had attached under her desk. After her last patient, she had slipped off her panties and, back in her chair, had slid her light sheath dress up her thighs to test how well the camera would see her pussy. Fortunately, she had both hands on the desk when Bill showed up.

She shook her head as though to clear it. "It's fine," she repeated, "but what was the question?"

Bill mumbled that it was not important and started to turn away. "Oh, the grocery store," Andrea said. She nodded her head in thought for a few seconds, then said, "I guess you should come in."

Bill shook his head and turned away. "Bill, come here," she called after him. "Everybody's gone, right? I've been wondering why you haven't said anything." She waited till he stepped back into her office. "I think I want to talk about it, and . . . " She shrugged, leaving the thought hanging. She waved him to the chair on the other side of her desk.

They sat in silence for a few minutes, neither looking at the other, each waiting for the other to speak. Finally, Bill shifted in his chair. "Do you know what scopophilia is?"

"Doesn't sound familiar. Should I look it up?"

He shook his head. "It's a technical term for getting pleasure from looking at objects of eroticism," then he added, hesitating between each example, "like pornography . . . naked bodies . . . fetishes . . . instead of participating in a sexual relationship. . . . though I might say, in addition to having a sexual relationship." He stared into the upper corner of her office, and they sat in silence for what felt like a long period.

Finally, Andrea took a breath. "Is this considered a pathology? Or just what any man . . . or woman . . . might feel from adolescence on?"

Bill laughed and seemed to relax, finally looking in her direction. "I guess it depends on who you're talking to," he said. "I've seen it referred to as a pathology or a disorder, but that's not how I feel about it. It sounds more elegant than voyeurism, which I guess is how I could characterize it as far as I'm concerned, though some psychological texts will refer to voyeurism as active scopophilia, with passive scopophilia being exhibitionism."

"So that would be me?" Andrea replied with a chuckle. Behind the safety of the desk, she had spread her legs. She was pretty sure the camera was still recording, and she wanted to get some good footage. She had discreetly pulled the hem of her dress up her thigh and was letting her fingers stray over the bare, smooth skin of her leg.

Bill's cheeks had turned a light shade of pink at her question, but he retained a somewhat scholarly attitude that helped him stay in control. "On the assumption that you weren't there only for the shopping, I guess I would say yes."

Her fingers had moved under the hem of her dress and were reaching the top of her thigh, where she brushed against her pussy lips. She inhaled slightly and let her finger gently explore the knotted folds of flesh. "So, where do we go from here?"

"Oh, we don't have to go anywhere," Bill said. "I think this was my . . . awkward way of, I don't know, saying you don't have to worry about me saying anything about our . . . encounter." He was looking straight into her eyes, and she felt her thick pussy lips twitching against her finger. Could he see through the table, she wondered, as she slid her finger between the folds, feeling some wetness forming there. "And to say that I would love to repeat that sort of experience." There was a tremble of hesitancy in his voice as he said that.

They sat in silence, looking intently at each other and both breathing somewhat shallowly. The thought ran through her mind that he must know she was doing something, as she brought a second finger to start pushing her pussy lips aside. She was getting wetter with each second.

"That may be possible," she said when she had control of herself. "You never know." She was raising the stakes, and the sense of risk increased the throbbing and wetness of her pussy. She really wanted to shove both fingers into herself and rub her clit, and to give him a full view of her swollen, sopping wet pussy. But she had an equally strong urge to resist, to wait for a more appropriate time.

All of these thoughts ran through her head in a split second, while Bill was pondering what she had just said about possibly more to come. He looked like he was about to stand up when she said, in a slightly strained voice, "Is that what caused problems in your marriage, your, um, scopophilia?" That was a hard word to say when she had her pussy lips spread apart and was rubbing the wet, smooth space between them.

Bill chuckled and sat back in his chair. "No, we had much deeper problems than my predilections. She . . . ." He paused, then decided it did not seem like the right time to go into details. "I suppose it may have affected my medical track choices, though." He laughed. "My strong-willed sister often said that only women could really understand women's health. She was particularly vociferous during my ob-gyn rotation. But I don't think she needed to worry. I was at least as nervous as any of the other men in the rotation, maybe even more so." He stared into the upper corner again for a bit. "I'm not sure I could have phrased it like this, but I was having trouble reconciling the women I was treating and the ones I sometimes looked at in magazines at night." He looked at Andrea. "This was before the internet, which has made this sort of thing so much easier."

"Mmm." Andrea was leaning on her left arm in a way that she hoped conveyed deep interest, while the middle finger of her right hand had slid down and was resting on the opening to her cunt. She felt her pussy quivering, and she was fighting hard to resist pushing her finger into herself.

After a few more moments of silence, Bill stood up. "I guess I'd better get going. We've both got things to do and homes to go to, so I'll see you tomorrow."

She moved her chair slightly forward to hide more of herself under the desk while he walked past her. When he got to the door, she said, with a strain in her voice, "See you tomorrow." As soon as he had disappeared around the corner, she slid her finger all the way into her cunt and let out a long sigh, quietly releasing the tension that had been building inside her. She slumped forward onto the desk as she slid the finger in and out a few times, then added her index finger to fill herself even more.

She rolled back in her chair to spread her legs and give herself more room to rub her clit with her thumb as she continued to pump her fingers in and out. The sight of her tote bag next to the desk reminded her of what she had brought with her, and she rummaged around till she found what she was looking for, her new dildo. She had unpacked it at home and washed it, but had not really tried it out yet.

With one hand still fingering and stroking her pussy, she licked the length of the light brown dildo, then wrapped her lips around the lifelike knob to get it wet. She took it out and drooled onto it, then licked her own spit around with her tongue till the head was nice and wet. She spread her pussy lips wide so she could rub the head up and down along the slick surface. She gasped at the touch, so much wider than her fingers, touching more parts of her sensitive flesh than she could reach. After a few strokes, she rested the head of the dildo against the opening and began pushing.

She groaned as the thick head pushed against the cunt muscles. Even though they were loose and slick, this was thicker than anything else that had been inside her, and her body was resisting. She bit her lip, then pushed down with both hands and gasped out loud as the head spread her further open and, after a couple of shoves, pushed its way in.

Some sound, maybe louder than she intended, came out of her as the dildo rode into her. Her vision was a bit cloudy from the sensation-she could have been seeing stars-and then all her attention was directed to this thickness sliding up and down her cunt.

This was amazing, she thought, totally unlike anything or anyone that had been inside her. She twisted in the chair to give herself easier access, and she pushed the dildo faster and deeper. Her other hand was rubbing her stomach and reaching up to slide her tiny bra off her tits, so she could rub them and tweak her hard nipples.

As she twisted, she realized with a shock that her door was still open and that anybody passing by would be able to see her totally exposed. But with the pounding in her pussy, she was too far gone to do anything. Suddenly, a huge wave of feeling had built up in her pelvic area, and she knew she was about to explode. She pulled the dildo out and began rubbing her mound and clit in a frenzy, her breath gasping as the sensations built. Then the tidal wave hit and shook her whole body, each wave crashing through her with a fierce snap and a loud gasp.

Her mind had gone blank. Seconds, minutes, she had no idea how long. When she came to, she found herself slumped in her chair, legs spread wide, her dress pushed up, her tits exposed. After a few vague moments, she sat up straight, her heart pounding. She fixed her little bra and smoothed her dress down over herself. She picked the dildo up off the floor where it had fallen and sniffed the musky juices that coated it. She gave it a long lick before putting it back in her tote bag.

Heart was still pounding and her heart racing as she gathered her purse and the rest of her things, then took her jacket off the stand and started out the door. After a few steps, she stopped with a puzzling sense that she had forgotten something. After a pause, she turned sharply around, remembering the camera under the desk. As she disconnected it from the clip she had installed under the desk, she chuckled, both in amusement at seeing that it was still running and in fear that somebody might have found and played it.

The evening air was cool as she walked across the deserted parking lot to her car. When she started to get in, she noticed another car parked close to the building. The blood drained from her head as she realized it was Dr. Bill's. He was still in the office. She slumped into the driver's seat and wondered if his door had been open, if he had heard her moaning, and if perhaps he had wandered back quietly to peek into her office to see what she was doing. Her stomach tightened, and yet her pussy began to twitch at what might have been. She closed her door, turned on the engine, and drove off, thinking that she might have to tell Sterling later on, when they were in bed, naked, and she had his cock in her hand.

THEY HAD BEEN WORKING on preparing material for their new page on ForFans for about three weeks, and Sterling thought they were ready to go live. Andrea was nervous, since she would be the one naked to the world, yet she was also excited and eager to see what it felt like to be so exposed, even with her face cropped out.

They had re-edited some of the videos and pictures they already had. They shot some new ones more in line with what they wanted to present, and Andrea had been practicing taking nude selfies. It took a while to get the hang of taking pictures of her ass and figuring out just how much of her face to include. She had become quite adept at photographing herself in the new full-length mirror they had put into the guest room, which was now becoming their sex work studio.

They had agreed to start with a dozen items on the first day, a combination of short videos and pictures, including flashing her tits in a bikini, jogging topless from front and back, a few pictures of her from behind in a thong or naked, and a couple of restaurant videos where she exposed her tits and pulled aside her panties. In general, they were pretty tame, but they figured that was enough to start.

They also scheduled some more such material to load over the next few days, including a few where they said it was a dare she had been given, even though these were all from Sterling. They hoped this would encourage contributions from any members they got.

Their biggest fight was about what to call the site. When Sterling said they should go with their original idea, TheDareMD, Andrea said, "Do you want to make it easy for people to find me? All they have to do is look for a female doctor with red hair. There probably aren't that many of us, and people will get suspicious." After arguing about that idea for most of a day, they gave each other the silent treatment till the next night, when they lay in bed naked and soon were fondling each other and fucking. That was their usual resolution to arguments.

They took a break after another day of tossing lame ideas back and forth. Then Sterling said, "How about we call it The MDares, and we pretend your name is Miranda. We could capitalize the D, make it like a porn name. We'd still have the MD as a private joke, but distract people from thinking it has anything to do with doctors."

Andrea stared at him blankly for a while till she said, "Porn name?"

Sterling shrugged and directed her back to the main question. "What do you think of TheMDares as a title?"

"I don't know. Can I think about it?"

"Come on. Is there anything wrong with it?" Sterling wanted to get the site started. "Do you want to do this or not?"

"Yes, I do. I just . . . ." She stared at him for several seconds, then finally said, "I don't see anything wrong with it."

He took her hand. "I've got an idea for a title design. Let me work on that, then we can decide after you look at it."

While he worked on that, she went back to editing her opening statement. At first, as was her habit, she had rambled on for too long. Some of the other statements on ForFans were just lists or single sentences, and she wanted more than that, but she realized it did not have to be encyclopedic. After an hour of more editing, she was fairly satisfied with this: "Working professional, mom and wife who loves to take risky, even naked dares where she might get caught. I'm pretty conservative, but I like to be pushed to make naughty, risky content. You can see my videos and picture sets here. I'd love to hear your ideas for dares."

That was a good start, she figured. Earlier drafts had included lists of what she would do and not do, but those always became too long and came across as restrictive and negative. She had seen some sites where the women had posted menus, and she might do that after they had some more experience.

"What do you think of this?" she asked when Sterling came back to show her his design. He had created a bold look with a black and red box around the title, MDares. The M was in red block letters with black behind it, while Dares was in black letters in a red box.

"I thought we could also create your screen name as MiranDares, so they'll link it to MiranDa, not an MD." He pointed to the summary on her computer screen. "How about you add the name at the start? Something like, 'MiranDa, working mom and wife... and then down here, say, 'send me your dare ideas for consideration.' That way, they won't think you'll do anything they ask for."

"This is a really good design, and I like the screen name idea." She looked up at him standing alongside her chair and ran her hand along his cock under his pants. "Shall we turn your shy, conservative wife into a public whore?"

"Just so long as you remain my private fucktoy," he said, stroking her hair and pushing her head against himself. She felt his cock thickening under her touch and pressed her lips against his bulge. He pushed her head against him with one hand while with the other he started to undo his belt. She brought up both hands to help and soon she had his zipper pulled down. He opened his pants so she was kissing his underwear, then he pulled out his thick cock and began tapping it against her cheek. "Just open your mouth, bitch," he said quietly when she brought her hands up to hold his cock. "Keep your hands down. I'll handle this."

She tilted her head back slightly to allow him easy access, opened her mouth wide, and stuck out her tongue. He tapped his cock against her tongue and cheeks several times as he stroked himself to get harder, then he put his hand on her head and pushed her forward slightly. She eagerly wrapped her lips around his cock head and began moving up and down his thickening rod. He pushed the strap of her little top off her shoulder and reached down to grope her little exposed tit, squeezing her nipple sharply.

She flinched at the quick pain and tightened her lips around his cock, taking him deeper into her mouth. He pushed the other strap down, and now her tits were completely exposed. He pushed her head down a little, forcing the cock deeper toward her throat. She gagged a bit and had to pull back to get some air. As soon as she had recovered, he pushed her back onto his cock and slid deep again. Now he had shifted into full face-fuck mode, thrusting his cock into her. She fought the desire to use her arms to control his movements, since she knew he would knock them away.

She gagged again and pulled away to catch her breath. He batted her tongue and face with his cock, now sopping wet from her spit. She coughed, and some of her drool landed on her tits. She could feel it dripping off her nipples. She wrapped her lips around him again and moved up and down the stiff length. After a while, he pulled out and was stroking himself, building up to an orgasm. He tapped it against her tongue and then thrust into her as his cum exploded into her mouth and down her throat. She swallowed the first bursts, but then it was too much for her and she coughed what was in her mouth past his cock and onto her tits and the floor.

He stepped back and wiped the tip of his wet, dripping cock onto her cheeks. She was gasping, trying to recover her breath when he took a couple steps back and shifted his cock back into his pants. "You can work like that for a while. I'll go check on dinner. If the straps get in the way of using your arms, take the shirt off. I'll be back in an hour."

He left her kneeling on the floor, still catching her breath. She looked down at her little tits, covered in her spit and his cum. He had shifted into his dominant phase, and now was her time to be submissive. As she struggled to her feet, she pushed her little top down over her hips. She would get back to work, wearing nothing but her little thong panties.

THE SITE HAD BEEN LIVE for ten days when she got her first dare idea from a member. "Fill your gas tank wearing nothing but a short halter top and thong panties. Once the pump is going, lift your top and show us your tits for 10-15 seconds." This idea thrilled and terrified her. It'll be just like wearing a bikini, she told herself, though she knew that, even during her phase under Alyssa's influence, she had never gone off the beach in a bikini without wearing a shirt over it.

She had to figure out how to prop the camera or phone to record the dare. Her gas tank was on the passenger side, so she would have to open that door before she pumped. That would look strange, she thought, and might attract attention. There did not seem to be any way around that, so she spent some time figuring how to prop the camera on the armrest and get a good view of the gas tank area.

On the day in question, a Saturday, she put on the thong and the tiny halter top and looked at herself in the mirror. These are a whole lot thinner-and skimpier-than any bikini I have worn, she thought, and waves of anxiety rippled through her whole body.

But she was determined, so she grabbed one of Sterling's shirts to cover herself when she walked out to the car. There was a light breeze that was cooler than she had expected, so she was covered in goosebumps and her nipples instantly got hard and stood out against the thin material of her top. She turned on the heater as soon as she got in the car, but the warm air did nothing to keep her from shaking or her hands from feeling cold.

She drove south for almost an hour to the more rural parts of the county, even past the horse farm where they had just started taking their daughter for riding lessons. She wanted to be far from anybody who might recognize her, even with her sunglasses and floppy hat. She also wanted to find a gas station unlikely to have many other cars.

It took her much longer to find a station after the last horse farm, and she had begun to worry that it might not be so easy. But then she came to a traffic circle with a gas station on one of the quadrants, and she pulled in. She turned off the engine and took off the shirt. With her heart pounding, she stepped out of the car in her tiny thong, halter top, and floppy hat sandals. She walked around the front of the car to open the passenger door and start the phone camera recording, and then she walked to the gas tank and slid in her credit card.

She did not think anybody had seen her, but she was shivering. The breeze had raised the goosebumps again, and her hard nipples were pushing against the loose tops, but she knew the shivering was from nerves.

Once the gas was flowing into the tank, she turned and was about to raise her shirt when another car pulled in to the other island of pumps. She froze. Her stomach instantly tightened, and she felt her pussy quivering and her body shaking even more. She heard the car door open and the sound of the pump being started. She heard talking also and soon figured that the person was on a cell phone, so maybe was too busy to notice her. She lifted her top to expose her nipples and turned toward the camera, counting seconds in her head. Before she got very far, the handle of the pump clicked off with a loud sound. Her tank was full. In a rush, she pulled the hose out and sprinkled a little gas on herself. She had to try a couple times to get it back into the holder and started back to the front of the car, then realized she had not closed her tank. She went back, stumbled, closed the tank, closed the passenger door, ran around the front of the car, and jumped in. She started the car and drove off, stopping at the last minute to make sure there was no traffic coming on the circle.

She got about half a mile away when she spotted a space by the side of the road where she pulled off and reached over to grab her phone. She had left it recording, so she would have to edit out the last few minutes, but she wanted to see how it came out.

She would have to edit the first couple of minutes, since they involved opening the door and her walking to the pump, though she had to admit that the view of her fat little ass was kind of cute. The angle of the camera was pretty good; it captured her body and her actions without showing her face, though she might have to crop the top a little. Her stomach showed up well, and it was clear that her nipples were hard under the halter top. There was the moment when she started to lift her top, then stopped in reaction to the other car. Some time passed before she lifted the top again, but then she did not turn far enough, so that only the side of one tit was visible, while her arm blocked the other one. Although she was sure she counted ten seconds, the exposure really only lasted five, at most. Then the pump stopped, she turned and put it away, and ran back toward the front.

That was disappointing, she thought, and tossed the phone onto the passenger seat. Maybe the requesting member would be happy with a good view of her ass and the thong molding her pussy mound. This was not a promising start to this new venture.

She leaned back in her seat and stared vaguely at the field across the street. Off in the distance were some large buildings, maybe associated with a farm, she wondered. It seemed so isolated, so quiet and peaceful. Then she heard the rumble of a truck coming from behind her, and she realized she was sitting there in just her top and thong. Her first thought was to hide herself in some way. Her second was to turn and wave. Before she could get organized, though, the truck had passed, shaking the car in the process.

This gave her an idea, though. She grabbed her phone, got out, and walked around to the gas tank. She leaned against the car and took a few selfies, playing with the gas cap, lifting her top, leaning against the rear window. Then she heard another truck coming. She moved to the side of the car, so she would be less visible from the road, and took her top off completely. She had to twist a little, but she got some shots of herself, topless, leaning against the car, with the truck approaching behind her. At the last minute, she ducked down, pulled on her top, and opened the passenger door to get her shirt out in case the driver stopped to see if she needed help.

He drove straight by. She pulled the shirt on and walked around to get back in the car. She flipped through the pictures she had taken. A few came out pretty well, particularly one of her topless, leaning against the car with the sun highlighting her tits, and the truck clearly visible. As she started the engine, she thought the video was good enough to post with a story about how it had not quite worked out, and she could send the pictures to the fan who suggested the dare, as sort of a compensation. "Sorry the dare didn't work out; here are my tits anyway. Better luck to both of us next time."

As she pulled back onto the highway, she felt better and more relaxed than she had since leaving home. This was going to work out, she thought, and her pussy tingled in confirmation.

AFTER ANOTHER COUPLE OF WEEKS, a few more fans had made requests, and she was figuring out ways to make them happen. The one who had suggested the gas station dare, whom she thought of as First Requester, appreciated her special pictures and had made another suggestion. She continued to post material they already had on hand as promotional images. She was seeing more people reacting to her postings with likes and comments. The site was growing, and she and Sterling were developing new ideas on their own for more pictures, more videos, and more dares.

A little more than a month after her scopophilia conversation with Dr. Bill, she came to work wearing tight slacks and a loose top with no bra. This was uncharacteristic for her, since she always maintained a professional appearance. A few times, she had worn a snug dress that allowed her to go braless with no discernible jiggle. She had bought some crotchless panties that gave her access to her pussy during quiet moments. On this day, though, with the white lab coat on and buttoned, nobody would know that she was anything but fully professional.

At the end of the day, when everybody was gone from the clinic area, she left the lab coat in her office and walked toward Bill's office, unbuttoning her loose shirt halfway down. "Got a moment?" she asked as she leaned against his door frame. It was a kick to see his eyes go wide as he took in the open shirt and the bare space between her tits. He nodded and said nothing.

She took a couple steps into the office and leaned on his desk. The shirt shifted forward, and she was pretty sure that he was seeing at least one of her bare little tits. "I want to let you know that I've become more active in my 'passive scopophilia,'" she said with a laugh, causing her tits to shake a little.

Bill tried to respond, but he seemed to be having trouble breathing. She stepped around behind the desk and leaned over his shoulder, bringing her tits just a couple inches from his face. She put an index card down on his desk. "You should look up this website."

His hands were shaking as he tried to type the url. He could smell her, with a slight glance to the left he could see her tit and nipple right next to him, her hair was brushing against his ear. Finally, after a few false starts, the site ForFans opened. "Let me," she said, reaching over to the keyboard. "When you're home, you can create your own login. For now, I'll give you a free glimpse." She hit Enter and stepped back around to the front of the desk.

He stared as he scrolled the screen as pictures of his colleague with her nipples exposed, topless, naked from behind. There were videos scattered among the pictures. She was driving in a bra, pumping gas in her underwear, jogging topless. He was getting dizzy. He looked up at her, his mouth hanging open.

She was leaning against his office door, which she had closed. She had undone a couple more buttons on her shirt, and he could see even more of the mound of her breasts. "Why are you doing this?" he asked, his throat dry, with a sense of wonder

"Why am I making this site? Or why am I here today?" She was resting her finger inside her open shirt, shifting it slightly back and forth. Bill was just staring at her and waved a hand, unable to form a sentence.

"I'm making the site because I've realized that I'm a horny little slut who loves to expose herself to strangers and to hear their comments and requests." She undid the last two buttons of her shirt and let the two panels fall to the side. "I'm here because I promised you there would be more and because we cover the two ends of scopophilia. Right? We work together, we're a team." She was rubbing her fingers lightly over her stomach. Berman just stared at her.

"Are you surprised to hear your poster girl for the practice call herself a horny little slut? Don't worry, I'm still the very competent physician with the killer smile and the auburn hair, and a wonderful mother and wife. I love being all of those, and I love being a dirty, naughty slut."

She was running one finger of each hand just inside the waistband of her tight slacks, and Bill was shifting more and more in his chair. She smiled at him. "I'd love to go further for you, it's just that I think you should match me." She ran her fingers up her stomach to just below the mound of her tits, still keeping her nipples covered. "Maybe unbutton your shirt."

His breath remained shallow as he started unbuttoning the shirt from his neck down. She ran her fingers up over the inner mound of her tits, temptingly brushing against the shirt. She watched him pull his shirt out of his pants and undo the last buttons. He looked at her, then pulled his t-shirt up. As soon as he had bared his own nipples, she moved the shirt off her shoulders and let it fall. She slid her hands back up her sides and cupped her tits, pressing them together for him. He let out a gentle sigh and smiled while rubbing his hands over his stomach.

"We've got a few other ideas in mind, and we're asking for suggestions from our fans. I'll expect you to contribute. This weekend, we're going to a furniture store or maybe a hardware store. Somewhere. I'm certainly going to flash these," pointing toward her tits, "and I may just be bold enough to try this." She slid her fingers into the waistband of her tight slacks, turned around, and bent over as she pushed the slacks down off of her bare ass and down to her knees.

She heard him let out a long, sibilant gasp. Bent down that way, she knew he could see at least her bare ass and probably her thick pussy lips resting between her legs. She began to feel some twitching in her pussy, and her own breath was getting shallow. After a few seconds, she began to worry that she might start getting faint, with her head down and her breathing so light. Slowly, she stood up, keeping her back to him, giving him some time to admire her ass in its natural roundness. She smiled at the thought, then slowly turned around with her hand over the slit of her pussy. She was, essentially, stark naked in a senior colleague's office and not for any respectable reason. Her pussy was throbbing, and her head was spinning.

She was pleased to see that he had started to undo his pants and was now lifting his butt in order to push them down. When he saw that she was facing him, he froze, and a look of fear and panic covered his face, but then he gulped, gritted his teeth, and pushed them down. His half-hard cock flopped out and to the side, and his balls lay nestled against his thighs. Now it was her turn to feel herself go pale. At the sight of his nakedness, she slid her hand up her stomach and took a little step to the side, giving him a clear view of her meaty pussy.

She was trembling. She felt the electricity of the tension between them. The combination of fear, arousal, and other feelings she could not identify were rushing through her and causing her head to spin. Her armpits were drenched in sweat. At the same time, she wanted to grab her shirt and run out of the building, never to return, and she wanted to reach over and wrap her hand around his cock and put the head into her mouth. She had seen a fair number of cocks as a doctor, but never sexually touched any but her husband's since they had become engaged. A sudden forgotten memory of having stripped naked for a bunch of strangers taking pictures came rushing back and sent her spinning even more. It was shortly after he had asked her to marry him, and she had never told him about that day.

She ran her hand back down her stomach and placed two fingers on either side of her pussy. She pushed in and pulled up, a maneuver to expose her clit and pussy lips that she had been practicing since she had seen a woman on another site do it. She watched Bill, who was transfixed watching her and loosely stroking his cock, which she saw was getting stiffer.

She ran her fingers down her pussy and began spreading the labia, opening them like curtains. She brought her second hand down to spread them even farther. Bill moaned and started stroking faster. "Don't rush," she whispered and slid a finger down between her pussy lips until it found the opening to her cunt and slid inside. Even as he slowed his stroking, his moan rose to a higher pitch, conveying his conflicting desires to cum right away or to stretch the joy out as long as he could.

Her cunt was feeling hungry, and she slid a second finger in to fill it up. She bent down to keep the two fingers straight and fuck herself with one hand while she rubbed her clit and mound with the other to increase the sensations. She looked up and saw that Bill's cock had lengthened and that he was stroking it faster. Now she was losing control. A prolonged moan came out of her as she struggled to keep herself on the edge, but the sight of his cock in his thrusting hand was pushing her closer.

Suddenly, Bill pushed further back in his chair, his head rolling sideways. His body tightened then, with a gasp, released, and a white stream shot out of his cock. She echoed his gasp and fiercely rubbed her clit with her wet fingers until her body too tightened and released in succeeding waves of orgasm. With each one, she slipped further down the wall until she found her bare ass sitting on the floor.

Bill was moaning in his chair, and for a few seconds she was completely limp. Bill's chair moved. He got up, his pants still down his legs, and walked stiffly over to the sink in the corner of his office, getting some paper towels to clean himself off. She struggled to her feet, pulled up her slacks, and picked her shirt off the floor. He turned slightly as she started to put it on, then turned back away.

"Hey," she said and stepped over to him. The blouse was unbuttoned and hanging loose. She put her hand on his shoulder, then gave him a hug as he turned around. She held him for a few seconds, then stepped back and started buttoning her shirt. "Sign up for the site, and I'll give you a discount. Send me some dares and ideas." He nodded as he tucked in his shirt. "Don't think of Andrea, the respectable doctor. Think of MiranDa, who wants to be bought, who is begging to be bribed into being the sluttiest whore she can be."

They stood there silently for at least a minute, neither sure what to do next. Finally Bill said, "Thank you," and Andrea smiled. "Thank you," she said and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "I'll see you Monday."

The evening breeze cleared her head when she stepped out of the building. Opening her car door, she looked back, wondering what Bill must be thinking. For herself, she thought as she started the engine, "That felt really good . . . really fucking good." And she drove off.

