Kari's Confession
by Chazzy123©

In my college days I had several amazing experiences. I was a sophomore at U of Miami, living in an off campus apt with two other girls. I had started dating this very cute freshman guy who I met on the swim team. I love that classic swimmers body, broad shoulders, and narrow hips. 

Chaz had these as well as a perfect cock, just the right size. He was also sort of shy, and more than willing to learn everything I had to teach him about sex and women. I have always taken the lead in sex, and was attracted to the boys who were "moldable". So I had not only taught him the intricacies of licking pussy, but found out he enjoyed having his ass both spanked and played with! 

One Saturday found us in bed at my apartment as usual, me warming his bottom while he licked me to orgasm. This engorged his cock to its fullest and got him very pliable as to any further kinky ideas I might have, or at least a sound fucking. 

As it happened, we got interrupted by me getting a UPS package that I had to sign for. So I threw on a robe and went to sign for my box. Chaz put on a pair of shorts and went to get a beer from our fridge. Daisy and Becca, my roommates, were in the living room watching TV. 

While Chaz hung out waiting for me to finish, Daisy slyly asked Chaz if his hand was sore from the spanking they heard through our door! Chaz blushed but rubbed his hand and said no his hand was tougher than that. 

Luckily I overheard this and after getting my package strolled over to Chaz and asked him what did he mean? He blushed a deeper red and stammered a bit. Laughing I asked him if Daisy shouldn't have asked him if his ass was sore instead! Both my roomies perked up at this comment and Daisy asked Chaz is it was true his ass was sore. 

Now with three girls laughing at his discomfort, he said he didn't know what she was talking about. 

"Chaz" I said, "Don't lie to us. If it isn't sore now I will correct that right now. In fact I should to punish you for your lie." 

And with that I gave him several big swats on his ass. Both my roomies egged me on and a wicked idea popped into my head. 

"I should strip you and really give you the spanking you deserve. Your shorts protect your ass too much!" 

And before he could object, I tugged his shorts down in back to expose his incredibly sexy ass and continued my spanks. 

I had intended to pull his shorts to his knees, exposing his cock to us all, but his cock had already started to stiffen and the shorts caught on his erection. Both my roomies were in delighted shock as this blushing almost naked guy stood there with his thin shorts pulling his hard on straight out from his body, and his naked ass getting redder under my swats. 

Why Chaz didn't stop me I don't know, but this was really turning me on. 

"Daisy, since he lied to you, I think you should have a turn spanking him too, don't you?" 

She was beside me in a flash, and giving me a wink she took over the paddling. 

"Chaz, you seem to be in some discomfort there, I think I can help." 

And with that I freed his cock and it sprang up and slapped his belly. Becca just stared wide eyed at the scene in front of her. I pushed his shorts to the ground and then wrapped my fingers around his throbbing cock and gave it a stroke. 

An audible gasp escaped from him. 

"Daisy, I have found a great handle for you to hold while you spank him." 

She wasted no time in taking over from me with her little white hand wrapping around his near purple penis. 

"Hey Kari, don't I get a turn?" Becca almost shouted as she moved off the couch next to us. 

"Don't finish him off yet!" I told Daisy to stop for a minute and with one finger lifted Chaz's chin up and looked him in the eye. "You know you deserve this, don't you Chaz?" 

His facial cheeks were as red as his rear cheeks, and he dropped his eyes and mumbled, "Yes ma'am." 

"Now, Becca will get turn to spank you for lying to her too, but then we will decide the rest of your punishment" I said. 

"The rest?!!" Chaz's eyes popped wide with shock, but his cock also twitched. 

I intended to stretch this out as long as possible. We had Becca spank him, but were careful not to give too much stimulation to his penis. 

"Chaz, the first part of your punishment is to stay naked as long as we want, and go get us all a beer while we confer on your further duties". 

Was this a dream scenario or what? We had a very naked, very aroused cute guy as our personal boy toy/ slave. I wondered how far we could push this. 

I grinned at Daisy and Becca as I asked for ideas. 

"I think we could have him do almost anything we want about now Daisy. Look at how hard and drippy he is." 

I said as Chaz walked back into the room. All eyes went to his bouncing boner. He stood in front of us as a single viscous drop hung from the head of his cock, poised. All four of us were mesmerized by it. 

I snapped out of it first and said, "Chaz, catch that with your finger before it messes up our rug!" 

He rescued it just in time with two fingers. "Now, lick your fingers for us Chaz". 

Becca giggled, "I will if he doesn't!" 

"No, this is part of his punishment. Chaz, lick your fingers now!" He hesitated, but sure enough his did as he was told. 

My mind swirled with the possibilities. Daisy grinned and said how much she loved our naked waiter, so why didn't we throw an impromptu party with as many of our friends as we could round up? Chaz could be our doorman too! 

We all laughed out loud and scurried to our phones to make the invites. In just a few minutes we had 10 other girls willing to come over for a few beers and some girl talk. We kept our "entertainment" a secret. 

Since we had an hour to kill, I suggested we all take Chaz out to the store to help with the beer, wine and snacks. 

"Can we take him out naked? Daisy asked. 

"No" I replied, "But those thin jogging shorts don't leave much to the imagination." 

So we dressed and had Chaz just wear the shorts and a short muscle tee. We made sure to keep him hard with a hand to his cock or ass crack whenever we saw him flagging. 

Since he didn't have any underwear on, his erection was very obvious through the thin shorts. We had to pull him out the door and to the car while we laughed out loud. Becca drove with Chaz in the front seat reclined back and Daisy and I were in the back. 

"Chaz, shorts to the floor and I want to see your hand on your cock while we drive. But NO orgasm or we will drag you naked into the store." 

It was hard to say that with a straight face, but again to our amazement he obeys. Becca's little Volkswagen Rabbit didn't' offer much protection to Chaz as he stroked himself. Becca parked near the door. I hoped someone would walk by the car and see Chaz, but we had to allow him to pull up his shorts over his still hard erection. We got on either side of him and escorted him into the store. 

Since this was the nearest beer and snack store to campus, it was filled with other college kids, both staff and customers. Chaz got more than his share of looks from both guys and girls with his obvious state of arousal. 

We even met one of our friends and invited her to our party. She couldn't keep her eyes off his outlined cock as we told her Chaz would be our waiter for the party. 

"I will be SURE to be there then," she laughed. "Will he be wearing that outfit?" 

"I think he is overdressed for the party, don't you?" I replied. 

"Oh my God, I will be early then!" 

We gathered up our beer and wine, along with some snacks and were glad of Chaz's muscles as he carried them to checkout and stood in line. With his arms full I couldn't resist running my hands over his ass and even over the bugle in front. 

All the females in the store had their eyes glued on him as I tugged his waistband slightly down. Chaz almost dropped our case of beer as he shouted at me to stop. I laughed and told him I was just trying to help him since he seemed uncomfortable. Everyone joined in the giggles as we finally paid and got back in the car. 

"God Kari, I thought you were really going to strip him in the store!" Daisy said. "Can you imagine the looks of shock if you did?" 

"I was tempted, but I didn't want him dropping the beer!" 

We went back home and Chaz carried the beer up the stairs to our apartment. On his last load with the snacks, I asked him to hand me his shorts, since he wouldn't be needed them the rest of the evening. Since we were standing in the parking lot to the apartment building at the time, Chaz was in shock at this request. 

"No Kari, I can't do that. Please not outside like this." 

"Chaz, last time", I ask, "give me the shorts now." 

Daisy and Becca had caught up to us now. "What is the problem?" Becca asked. 

"Chaz is being stubborn. If he doesn't obey in two seconds, I think we will need to spank him here." 

Becca and Daisy grabbed his arms and I hooked his waistband in my fingers. "Which is it Chaz, take them off yourself and scurry up to our apt quickly, or a prolonged spanking here? And you know what happens to your cock during a spanking!" 

You could see the fight go out of him as he looked around and skinned off his shorts and started for the door. 

"One second Chaz, I think three for your disobedience." 

I loved the look of horror on his face as three hard swats echoed over the parking lot and his cock throbbed and bobbed. He ran in the door and was waiting for us at our door. This was too much fun. 

In the apartment we put on some music and lounged around as we had Chaz run the vacuum around and straighten up the place. I even had him clean the toilet while we waited for our guests. 

Daisy had left a pair of panties in the bathroom, and she blushed as I had Chaz hold them to his face and sniff them deeply, giving his cock some feather strokes as he did. 

He groaned deeply and his cock got completely slippery in my hand. Chaz was trying to fuck my hand as he sniffed, but I wasn't letting him get much friction. He looked at me and begged to be allowed to cum. 

"Soon Chaz, very soon. But first you have to play waiter." 

"What do I get to wear for this party?" Chaz asked. 

"You are fine as you are Chaz. You do remember this is part of your punishment, don't you?" 

His look of disbelief was great, then he hung his head and nodded, and with perfect timing the doorbell rang. 

"Get that for us please Chaz".

I spanked his ass to scoot him to the door. We all crowded around the door to see the looks on the girl's faces as Chaz opened the door. Smiles, hoots and giggles were the popular reactions. 

The best reaction was from Sophia. She is a gorgeous African princess. No kidding, she is really African royalty from Mali. She looked Chaz up and down, stepped into the foyer, batted his erection and said, "Very nice" as she breezed past him. Now that is cool. 

After answering the door for all the girls, Chaz was kept busy getting beer or wine for everyone, with many caresses or swats of his ass or cock. I told all Chaz was naked and our waiter as a punishment for lying. 

I was amazed at how natural everyone took this. It was like we all instinctively knew this was as it should be, with females being in control of the naked males. I wished we had more than one naked male to play with. 

Chaz had three beers in hand when he stumbled and spilled some beer. I had been waiting for something like this. 

"Chaz, look at what you did! Clumsy boy, come here!" 

I think he knew what was coming because his cock, which had deflated to a semi erection already started rising back to full mast. Chaz stood in front of me with his head down. 

"You know what is coming don't you Chaz?" Several girls noticed what was going on and conversation around the room died as all eyes focused on us. "Ten swats I think." 

Chaz's cock throbbed harder with this statement and the precum flowed again. "Look everyone, just me talking about spanking him makes him harder. Just wait until he really gets spanked. I wonder if he will actually cum during this?" 

Now I really had everyone's attention. "Hands on top of your head Chaz". 

I wrapped my hand around his shaft and gave a tug. "Becca, did we get the implement we asked for?" 

She handed me a ping pong paddle that one of the girls brought, never imagining what we would be using it for. I reared back the paddle and gave his cock a stroke just as I landed the paddle full on one ass cheek. The sound of the wood meeting flesh echoed in the silence. 

Chaz hissed in shock as the stinging blow overloaded his senses, ass and cock and brain all on fire. The room let out a soft moan as I again stroked his cock and landed another blow. Chaz was calling out my name in either pain or pleasure, or I suspect both, as I continued with the stroke/swats. 

I admit to softening the spanks as I increased the strokes. I could feel his cock stiffen and his cock was glistening in his juices. We all knew he was about to cum, but I got to ten before it happened. I froze, my hand still holding his twitching cock. 

I let go and we all watched it jump and throb with a life of its own. Chaz was hovering on the edge. We held our breath waiting. Chaz whimpered, but with a sigh we all relaxed for the moment. 

"God you are cruel Kari" someone said. 

"Just wait one minute, you will get your finish, I promise. Becca, go get your Nikon. I can't believe we haven't gotten any pics of Chaz yet. You don't want to miss the grand finale.' 

Becca brightened and ran for her camera. She was in the arts dept, majoring in Photography, so she was perfect for capturing this for posterity. I wished for a video camera, but promised myself that for next time. 

With Becca in place, and everyone gathered around, most kneeling at Chaz's feet. I whispered in Chaz's ear that he was going to be allowed to cum for all of us. His eyes were still closed, but he nodded his head and waited. 

While Becca was fetching her camera, I had gotten one item also, my sex lube. I squirted some on my hand and started playing with Chaz's nipples. He gasped as I tweaked his nipples into hard buds. I had his chest all shiny, and with Becca's camera snapping away, my lubed hands moved to Chaz's ass. That got some Oohs and Ahhs as I slipped up and down his crack. 

This brought fresh moans from Chaz, as well as the audience. I now had my middle finger pushing on his anus, but he was resisting me entrance. 

"Touch my cock Kari, PLEASE!"

My finger had now penetrated his ass a bit, and with an in and out motion I got deeper. He couldn't resist me now, and in fact was pushing back against my finger. 

"Fuck his ass" "Make him cum" "Do it." Whispers filled our ears as my finger fully was buried in his ass. 

I wiggled around and told Chaz to touch his cock. I wasn't going to. Touch but not stroke. His hand glazed his cock head as I ass fucked him faster. Becca danced around us, snapping almost continuous shots as he moved closer to eruption. Several girls were almost fighting in front to get as close to his cock as possible, in spite of the impending explosion, or because of it. 

"Now Chaz, CUM for me now." 

With my finger finding his prostate and his hand now wrapped for the final stroke, he sprayed. We all agreed later we had never seen any man have such a intense, long lasting voluminous orgasm. There must have been ten spurts, some that traveled 5 or 6 feet in front of him. 

The girls in front were trying to catch the cum in their mouths, but most just got sprayed instead. I saw many girls trying to stroke themselves quietly or squeezing their thighs together with lust. 

We led Chaz to my bedroom to collapse. I was amazed how quickly the party broke up afterward. Everyone thanks us again and again for the amazing scene they had witnessed. I think everyone wanted to go home and masturbate. I know I did. 

After everyone was gone, we all gathered in my bedroom and stroked Chaz gently. He looked at us in amazement. 

Daisy piped up "I don't know about you, but I am so wet and turned on, I sure could use an obedient tongue." 

"Could we have him lick all of us? Really" Becca squealed. 

I whispered to Daisy to go to her room and get naked and on her bed. 

As she ran off I said "Chaz the next part of your punishment wasn't really a punishment, in fact it was a reward for being such a good boy earlier. 

"You are going to get to lick each of us to orgasm. Of course there are a few rules. You will be blindfolded and with your hands tied behind your back. You don't deserve to see us in all our splendor, yet." 

Becca and I found two scarves and tied his hands and blindfolded him. We then led him into Daisy's room. Sure enough she was there with thighs spread waiting. I had never seen her so blatantly aroused and naked, and I admit it turned me on more. 

We led Chaz to her bed and he knelt on the floor next to her. I think the aroma led his tongue straight to her pussy and as we watched he started lapping at her slit. 

I couldn't resist and I started caressing my own pussy through my shorts. Either Chaz was an excellent learner, or Daisy was just so turned on, but in any case she orgasmed in just a few minutes under the assault of Chaz's tongue. 

"My turn" Becca sighed as she was naked in a flash and laid next to Daisy and tugged Chaz over to her. 

With my hand still fluttering around my pussy, I stood over Daisy spread eagle on the bed, her thighs glistening, and all I could think of was what she must taste like. I have always enjoyed the taste of my own pussy juices, but never really had the opportunity to lick another woman. This seemed too good to pass up. 

Our eyes met as I sank to the floor and mimicked Chaz's actions with Becca. Daisy's pussy was hyper sensitive after her orgasm, so I was very delicate as I licked her. But soon enough she was urging me deeper and harder with her hands on my head as I got into it. 

I could hear Becca getting closer to cumming with Chaz working on her, and this pushed me to finger fuck Daisy faster as I tongue fucked her. I wanted to make her cum before Becca. Daisy launched into her gasping orgasm just as Becca let loose too. Daisy's orgasm under my tongue overwhelmed me. 

My mind spun with what this was turning into. But first I needed to cum, needed with desperation beyond desire. I reached for Chaz's cock, which was hard again, to get his attention. It was still slippery with his cum and he groaned. 

"Chaz, please lick me too."

I flopped on the bed with Daisy as Chaz moved to lick me. Becca reached for Chaz's cock as Daisy teased and licked my rock hard nipples. I was making incoherent sounds now, as was Chaz with Becca stroking him. 

I came with a gush of juice, something I don't normally do. Becca pushed Chaz on his back with us, and took his cock in her warm mouth. This time there was no teasing, just a fast intense blowjob with Daisy and I kissing each of his nipples. We pulled off his blindfold and we all cuddled up in a naked puddle of bodies. Four contented people. 
