Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Assassin
Part: Chapter 9 of 27
Summary: Ass, sass and sin.  A young assassin does more 
than befriend people when he tries to get close to his 
targets.
Keywords: Mf, first, oral
Language: English
Copyright: 2009

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
I had been given the job of getting close to one Adam 
Pringle - because he was a slippery bastard who was too 
nasty to live.  He was also a hard man to get access to 
but fortunately his twin children Mark and Kyra were far 
more approachable.

Mark was gay - in a town where NO-ONE who was gay 
admitted it.  You certainly didn't want your crime boss 
father to express his "disappointment" a second time.

And Kyra wasn't the sort to let her twin suffer any more 
and gave up her own love life while it might jeopardise 
his secret.  Then I came along, revealing my own 
attraction - to both of them.  It was an opportunity they 
took advantage of, just as I took advantage of them.

*********************************************************

After Mark and Kyra dropped me home I crashed in the 
bathroom before dinner, hoping to ease my ass; it had 
been a while since I'd last been buggered

Mark had been a careful lover though, and being the 
sandwich between him and Kyra was well worth this mild 
discomfort.  Of course, now I was home I had to contend 
with Anna!

---

I came alert as the locked bathroom doorknob clicked and 
began to turn.  The shampoo bottle was my best weapon 
together with the bar of soap.

"It's only me."  I relaxed.

In the unlikely event someone was coming for me I would 
have used the shampoo to knock their gun aside while the 
soap painfully struck them in the eye and hopefully 
partially blinded them while I got out of the bath and 
tried to do unto others.  The likely success rate 
wouldn't have been high but it would be better than if I 
did nothing.

As it was I only had to worry about a horny teenage girl 
coming to visit me in direct contravention to her 
parents' instructions.

"And what are you doing here Sweetheart?"

"Mum asked Dad to take her down to the supermarket.  
They'll be gone for at least 20 minutes, probably more."

"So you decided to visit.  How did you unlock the door?"

Anna displayed the nail-like "emergency" key - I had a 
longer than normal screwdriver in my toolkit that could 
do the same job but I played dumb.

"I just hadn't seen you and thought you might like me to 
help you."

"Help me...?"

"Oh, wash or well, anything."

"Twenty minutes is not enough to do 'anything' properly."

"Yeah but it's light in here - I don't get to see you 
properly when you come to my room."

"So you want to look?  Okay."

"I *WANT* to do lots of things!  With you!"

"Hmm!  Sounds interesting.  What sort of things?"

"Why haven't you tried to make love to me?"  Anna's voice 
sounded suddenly strained.

"Well people usually get to know each other for a bit 
longer than twelve days before they take that step.  I 
thought we were going nicely; getting used to each other 
and having fun?"

Anna became quite emotional.

"How about after one day!?" she shouted.  "Yeah!  I know 
you fucked Rosalee.  How could you!?  You were only going 
to use them to cover the fact that we were fooling 
around!  Aren't my tits as big as Rosalee's?  Is that 
it?"

I carefully got out of the bath and wrapped a towel 
around myself.  It wasn't a matter of modesty, I simply 
wished to avoid making Anna inexplicably wet (or rather 
wet with an unacceptable explanation.)

I grabbed Brent's towel and dried my arms and chest.  It 
wouldn't be damp enough for him to blame me.

"Okay!  Strictly speaking Rosalee *COULD* have been 
fucked but I think you'll find the situation is not as it 
seems.  Was she the one who told you?"

"Yes, but not at first.  No, leave me alone.  I don't 
want you to touch me."

"I think you do."  I put my arm around her and pulled her 
against me.

"But if you prefer," I offered, "I'll go and get dressed 
and we can talk down in the lounge."

Anna didn't move; I had fortunately guessed right.  Anna 
wanted me as she had truthfully stated before and was 
angry that I hadn't wanted her - or so she thought.

"Tell me what she said," I asked quietly.

"You'll only change your story to match."

"No I won't.  I've already said Rosalee might think she 
was fucked but impressions can be misleading.  Did I have 
my prick near her pussy?  Yes.  Did I stick it in her?  
No."

"All right then.  She phoned up earlier to speak to you 
about next weekend.  She and Hailey have apparently 
agreed that they have more fun together with you and 
wanted to suggest you go out with Rosalee on Friday night 
with Hailey tagging along and then with Hailey on 
Saturday with Rosalee horning in on the action.  Sounds 
like you'll be a busy boy - no wonder you were too tired 
for *ME* last night!"

I didn't rise to her taunt.

Instead a simple query, "And?"

"They suggested a movie after dinner Friday - their treat 
and then wanted to know if you had a car you could use.  
They had some idea you could all go swimming somewhere 
away from other people."

I considered the likelihood of being loaned the family 
car (Doug had a work one so they wouldn't be without a 
vehicle).  I'd be pushing my luck if I suggested I was 
taking a couple of nymphettes out into the wilds.

"And how did you get from there to last night's 
exploits?"

"Well when she let on that she and Hailey were going to 
see you together - she let *THAT* slip when she started 
talking about 'we'll pay' and 'if Roger could take us'.  
Anyway I started asking questions and she started 
spouting about how wonderful you were and after a while 
about how great you made her feel.  Then she swore me to 
secrecy and told me you'd actually fucked her.  So?  
Explain how you did but you didn't!"

"Circumstances meant I was in the park with two young 
ladies who I have to say are every bit as eager as you 
yourself.  We fooled around a little - which I had 
planned to relate to you tonight, leaving nothing out, I 
promise.  Anyway Rosalee was rather eager to lose her 
cherry if that was what I wanted.  I wasn't really 
prepared for that so I gave her a not-fuck.  I just put 
the head of my prick against the entrance to her cunt - 
she could feel me there but I didn't put more inside her 
than the head.

"Now, if you wish, later I will show you, not what 
fucking is like, but instead what it is like to make 
love.  I think you will consider that it is much better 
than a quick fuck in the park that you will be sorry for 
Rosalee when you think she didn't even get that."

"I want it now."

"What?  We haven't time."

"Not making love.  I want to know what Rosalee felt so I 
can compare.  Come on, give *ME* the same sort of 'not-
fuck' you gave her!"

"Wait, or rather, take off your jeans and panties."

I went to my room, grabbed a condom and the lube.  Anna 
might not be aroused and we really didn't have time to 
get her into a state that would ease things for her.

She was ready and I gave her a kiss.  "This is not quite 
the same and I don't want to hurt you so I've got some 
jelly to make you slippery if we need it."

"What should I do?"

"Kneel down on the mat."

She obeyed while I was donning the rubber.  I knelt 
behind her and felt the state of her pussy.  She really 
needed some foreplay!

Instead I squeezed a trail of clear gel onto my finger 
and applied it where I needed to go.

"Okay."  I rubbed my knob up and down Anna's slit so it 
was coated as well.  "This is what Rosalee would have 
felt."

I found the entrance and barely eased myself inside.

"This was it.  Hailey had her hand around me so Rosalee 
couldn't even have pressed back on me.  What do you 
think?"

"Mmm.  It's so big there.  Much bigger than your 
fingers."

"Do you want to see what she missed out on or do you want 
to wait for later and do things properly?"

"Show me.  Please."

"Alright."  I took hold of her bare hips and slowly 
pressed forward until my belly touched Anna's butt 
cheeks.

"How's that?"

"So-o-o-o much better.  You feel like you're pressing 
against my stomach; it's so deep.  Okay I accept that 
whatever you did with Rosalee it wasn't quite fucking if 
that *WAS* all it was."

"Oh I don't know that I'd consider this fucking.  Don't 
you remember your English lessons?  Verbs are action 
words and there doesn't seem to be much activity.  How 
about we try this?"

I pulled back and pushed forward a couple of times and 
then paused.

"Oh, please don't stop."

"Sorry Sweetheart.  We really *DON'T* want to be caught 
like this, especially if you want to do it *RIGHT* 
tonight."

"You aren't lying?  It really is better than this?"

"Trust me."  I pulled out of a very disappointed young 
lady and left her a very impatient one.

---

The window was wide open and a hint of floral musk wafted 
out.  I hoped Anna hadn't gone overboard with the perfume 
- it would be suspicious if we both smelled of scent in 
the morning.

She was ready for me as well, a softer bed laid out where 
we normally sat on the rug on her floor and a tiny night 
light recovered from wherever Ma had stashed it after 
Anna had outgrown the need.

But Anna lay there naked and eager.  Any fear she might 
have had was taken care of by two minutes of inadequate 
intercourse in the bathroom.  It that poor quality 
experience felt so good what would the "real thing" be 
like?

More importantly, she had really forgiven me my 
indiscretions with Rosalee and Hailey - or so it seemed 
for now.  It was always possible she could change her 
mind and I took full advantage of this period of 
cordiality to try and actually make love with her.

She knelt and pulled down my boxers.  No hesitant bride 
on her wedding night!  Before I'd even cleared the t-
shirt past my head she was kissing the knob of my penis 
and working the shaft with her hands.

I force her to stop while I stepped out of my boxers, put 
them on her bed where I could grab them and knelt facing 
her.  Anna was not disappointed to lose her toy; she 
wrapped her arms around me and found my lips instead.

My knees almost touching Anna's, I leaned into her and 
she leaned back, holding onto me for support.  We kissed 
for a few seconds - it seemed much longer - and she 
straightened; then it was my turn to hang from her as she 
forced me backwards.

We made and broke eye contact - continually over and 
over.  It was different in the near dark, and when you 
were both leaning back together and facing the same way.

Face-to-face could be an overpowering intimacy; you 
wanted to look deep into the person you were with, but 
then you had to accept that they could in turn look just 
as deeply into you.  That was difficult to handle unless 
you knew you both shared the same feelings.  I guess we 
did which came as quite a surprise to me.

We stayed together, rolling as we leaned back to lay on 
the nest Anna had pulled off of her bed.  She looked 
quite different from the sixteen year old schoolgirl who 
sat facing me across the dining table each night or who 
waited to walk home with me after classes.  It wasn't 
that she looked older - she didn't; her face still had 
the girlish puff to her cheeks but there was something 
overall that said she had crossed the point between girl 
and woman and the rest was simply a matter of her body 
catching up.

It wouldn't have been the simple act of intercourse - I'm 
not stupid enough to believe in a sudden loss of 
innocence making such a change.  Some horrific incident 
might cause innocence to vanish but then I'd expect a 
frightened child to look out at me.

Rather I believed it was Anna's gradual acceptance that 
she was capable of making decisions about what she wanted 
to do with her body and who she wanted to do that with; 
that she had some how controlled, if not actually 
overcome, her jealousy with the realisation I didn't give 
others all I gave to her.  I wondered if her family and 
friends would notice the new maturity and wonder why.  I 
did wonder - but not until later.

That night I lay with a confident, self-assured woman in 
a teenage body.  No concerns that she might do the wrong 
thing; none that I might misuse her; none for the future 
right at that moment.

All our concerns were for each other.  To just be as 
close physically as possible.  There was no hurry though 
and we worked slowly as we built our passion higher.

My hand was gentle on her breast.  It wasn't anywhere 
near as full as Rosalee's that was true and gravity 
lessened it's altitude as well.  I adored it though.  It 
was good to hold; it felt soft against my mouth.  Anna 
responded to my tongue circling her nipple and held my 
head closer.

I worked that nub into a hard lump and then transferred 
my attentions to its partner - indented by comparison.

My mouth opened wide and I covered nearly all of Anna's 
breast tissue.  Inhaling, the mound was drawn inside.  I 
closed my teeth, so very gently, and seized her before 
shaking my head like a wolf worrying at a carcass.

I relaxed; the breast slid out and I closed my jaw as it 
passed so my teeth scraped across her skin until, just 
before I lost it, I trapped the ring of flesh around her 
nipple.  I struck the nipple repeatedly with my tongue 
and each time it grew a little firmer.

Anna pulled me up.  She loved what I was doing and needed 
to reward me with a kiss.  It gave us both a chance to 
rest and allowed us to involve different body parts as 
well.

From her mouth, I moved to kiss her neck.  The scent she 
had dabbed behind her ears was more concentrated and I 
inhaled deeply.  Anna writhed beneath me as the tickle of 
my tongue beneath her jaw turned into further excitement.

"Please.  Now.  I want you now."

I had intended more but if Anna was ready now I doubted 
she would appreciate delay.

There was a short pause though.  I took a condom from my 
pile of clothes and quickly covered myself.  Anna 
welcomed me back and continued kissing me as I slid both 
my legs between hers and took my place over her.

I lifted myself as I reached between our bodies; there 
was certainly no need for extra lube this time!  Located 
correctly, I gave a little push then removed my hand.

So much and no more had Rosalee received.

I moved my hips and slid smoothly in - so much more Anna 
gave to me.

"Oh yes."  We kissed again and Anna bent her hips to try 
and overcome my lack of movement.  I began to thrust.  
Slowly, smoothly, gently.

Anna responded; moving herself under me; thrusting 
upwards with her own growing need.  I slipped my arms 
under her shoulders as I had with Kyra - was it really 
only that very afternoon?  I cast all memories of Kyra 
from me - that had been work, though very pleasant work; 
this was pleasure for its own sake.

I had recovered from my afternoon's delight, at least as 
far as my libido and stamina was concerned.  I was still 
going to have to sit carefully however!

My libido had been restored - that needed little time - 
but my need had been eased and I could take a little 
longer than I had with Kyra.

I varied my speed, pumping hard and fast when Anna seemed 
able to take it then resuming a more gentle movement.  I 
angled my body so my knob scoured left and right; I moved 
where I was kissing her nose rather than her chin and 
rubbed the front of her cunt's entrance as I chiselled 
its back surface.

Anna continually broke out in smiles, continually sought 
my lips.  She lifted her legs to trap my hips.  She was 
struggling not to make the sort of noises that would 
cause an unwelcome interruption.

I could see she wouldn't mind a release and began to work 
harder.  Work that was pleasure, pleasure that was work.  
Not really, merely the willing expenditure of a little 
more effort and then the need grew in me and suddenly 
everything seemed effortless as my body took over and I 
began almost violently fucking Anna's sweet body.

Her legs gripped me and I lifted her hips with mine.  
Friction was lessened and I thumped her down with more 
force as I tried to go deeper.  The bump sounded loud in 
our ears and we both started but we had reached a point 
where, even had the thumping been on the door, we would 
have had to finish what we were doing.

I came, spasming, filling the rubber, yet I continued 
with only a brief pause.  Anna must have found my release 
stimulating because she came shortly after and it was my 
turn to hold Anna while her body shook with orgasm.

We cuddled closer than ever as we came down, only 
interrupted by my need to keep hold of the condom as I 
shrank inside her.  I rolled off and sat up.  My handy 
bum-bag contained a scrap of towel as well as some baby 
wipes and I cleaned and dried myself before laying back 
down.

I didn't ask Anna whether it had been good - I knew it 
had been much better than that; she was quietly weeping 
and grabbed me for a soggy but heartfelt kiss.

"What's up?"  I managed when we came up for air.

"That was so good and I was such a bitch before; I 
believed what Rosalee said."

"Well Rosalee does think she's been fucked and 
technically she might not be a virgin under a sexual as 
well as a physical definition anymore."

"But she hasn't felt like this?"

"She's come but not when I was in her and I don't think 
quite like that.  I've explained what happened on Friday 
night; last night wasn't much different except Hailey was 
with us and got to come too - and I got them to taste 
each other."

"What!  Eating each other?"

"No.  Just tasting their juices on our fingers."

"Why didn't you fuck Hailey?"

"Would you have minded?"

"Not if it was only like in the bathroom."

"Well she wasn't ready, which was quite okay by me - I'd 
much rather have kept it for you."

"What else happened?"

I explained my unsuccessful attempt to keep their 
knickers when we went back inside and my story we'd been 
in the diner working out our issues and then how they had 
surprised me by removing their knickers in the ladies 
just before we left to go home.  I stunned her by telling 
her of the driver's suggestion they might not want their 
mothers catching a whiff of bare pussy.

"Can you really smell me or was it just them?"

"I've been here for a while so I'm used to it but if your 
parents were to come in they'd probably notice and, if 
they didn't suspect that I'd been here, they would 
probably assume you'd been 'remembering' - for hours I'd 
imagine."

"I'd need to rub myself for hours to feel that good."

"You'd only end up sore."

"Hmm.  I think I would have liked to have seen you in the 
park; to have watched the others faces as you made them 
come."

"Even watching Rosalee getting fucked?  You wouldn't be 
jealous?"

"I was.  I hated her - and you a bit.  I think it was 
because you did it with her before you did it with me.  I 
know I wasn't jealous of her after you'd visited Friday.  
She got a bit of fun but you came back to *ME* and told 
me about it and made sure I felt as good.  Am I weird 
that I liked imagining you with her?  That I thought 
about how I was watching you both as you described what 
had happened?"

"Just as weird as me then.  I looked in on you a couple 
of times before you caught me."

"You did?  What was I doing?"

"It was very boring.  Reading once and sleeping the next 
time, I think."

I could see Anna's relief that it hadn't been something 
embarrassing.

"You know," I started, "if you really are interested in 
watching I have a suggestion."

"Hmm?"  Anna perked up - it seemed her interest was 
genuine.

"Once we work out where we are going Saturday, why don't 
you come along too?  If Rosalee can crash I figure you 
could."

"But what about us?"

"They don't have to know anything has happened - you 
could be curious but afraid, or curious and convinced by 
them, or just a secret nymphomaniac waiting to jump me."

"But where would we go?"

"I'm at a loss.  They suggested swimming but the only 
place I know is up at the lake where your Dad took us 
last Sunday and that seems a bit crowded."

"Hmm.  There is a pool on one of the streams that feed 
into the lake.  It's an unofficial spot for nude swimming 
because it's a bit of a hike so kids don't just wander 
by.  People can see any police heading there because they 
have to go along the back of the ridge before they climb 
down inside the gully.  Everyone would be respectfully 
dressed before they could be challenged."

"Do many people go there?"

"Enough so you don't have to worry about pervs.  A scream 
and there are plenty of people ready to inflict a little 
immediate justice.  It might be their own girlfriends or 
daughters next."

"Daughters?"

"Yeah.  Families go up there as well."

"I don't know.  It might be too public."

"Well there are other pools a little higher up that 
aren't much good for more than sitting in.  The granite 
boulders dam up smaller pools and most people aren't 
interested in going up there."

"How do you know all this?"

"Brent wanted to have a look and I was tagging along so 
he told me not to tell Ma and Dad and I got to see from 
up above with him.  One of the girls at school used to go 
with her parents until she started growing tits and got 
freaked that people might be looking at her."

"Maybe they were."

"Nah.  Her tits weren't any thing special. Not like 
Rosalee's."

"Rosalee's are okay but I wouldn't say they were special.  
I think yours are nicer.  If you were like Rosalee you 
would seem top heavy.  These," a loving caress, "are just 
perfect."

"I thought guys liked big tits."

"Secret Number 1.  Guys *NOTICE* big tits.  It's 
unavoidable.  Secret Number 2.  Guys notice *TITS* 
period!  Secret Number 3.  Guys notice you even if your 
back is turned and they can't see your tits.  Secret 
Number 4.  Guys even notice other guys if they can't see 
their fronts and suspect they might be girls.

"We're built to home in on anything female or even just 
possibly female but what we do afterwards is a different 
matter."

Anna giggled.

"What?"

"I don't think those are secrets."

"Okay.  I didn't say they were good ones.  Anyway, I 
hadn't finished.  Some guys fantasize over big tits, the 
bigger the better; others like cupcakes, little beestings 
that make the girls look younger; and then there are all 
the rest who like something in between or who are willing 
to accept anything from one end of the range to the 
other."

"And you?"

"I've told you.  I think you're perfect and I don't mean 
just your tit size."

"If I'm so perfect then why Rosalee and Hailey?"

I wished I could say "Because I'm too smart for my own 
good" though I doubt smart was quite right.

I had been trained to do a specific thing very well.  I 
had been given quite a bit of information to allow me to 
perform that job and I had been given certain 
opportunities - such as learning how to do what a girl 
(or a guy) liked.  Unfortunately there were large areas 
where I was still inexperienced where I could make 
general plans that were accepted by my superiors and then 
find myself learning from my mistakes as the details came 
unravelled during implementation.

I shouldn't have been surprised by Anna and, having been 
surprised I should have probably avoided "getting 
involved".  Then, I might have done better than deciding 
to get a decoy girlfriend and definitely better than 
choosing a couple of horny teens.

So *WHY* Rosalee and Hailey then?

"Well you know why I *ASKED* them out.  It seemed 
sensible last week; now it has just complicated things.  
I like them both and don't want to hurt them.  I guess 
when I was with them I wanted them to feel as good as I 
could make them.  I didn't really plan anything 
beforehand and I wasn't after sex when I asked them out.  
If Rosalee hadn't come along last night, Hailey and I 
probably would have stayed at the club and not done 
anything more than cuddle and kiss."

"So it's Rosalee's fault?"

"I guess it is - no, I'm joking.  It's the responsibility 
of everyone who was involved but that doesn't necessarily 
mean fault.  If you *HAVE* to blame someone then it is 
obviously my fault.  All I can say is that you mean more 
to me now than I thought possible a week ago but I can't 
just dump Rosalee and Hailey without any reason - and we 
still have the same problem with your parents if we tell 
the girls that you are the reason."

"You'd do that if you could?"

"If I could we'd be curled up in my bed right now and 
every night and none of the rest would matter."

"I like that thought."  Anna paused.  "I don't want you 
to break up with them though, at least not unless you 
think it's the right time or thing to do."

"Oh?  Why?"

"Because the idea of watching you makes me hot and I 
don't see how you could get anyone else to do what you've 
made Rosalee and Hailey do."

"You're hot now?"

"And wet again."

"Then perhaps you should sit on my lap while we work out 
how you could get to watch me."

"Sit on your lap?"

I sat and crossed my legs.  "Sit facing me with your legs 
wrapped behind my back."

I reached for a fresh condom - Anna wasn't the only one 
who found the conversation heating.

I leaned back with my arms out behind me while Anna 
positioned herself on me.  She had no trouble aligning 
our parts and slid down smoothly with her clit area 
bumping against my pubic hair.  Her weight forced her 
onto me but can't have caused her any discomfort since 
she looked straight at me with the biggest cats-got-the-
cream grin.  I sat up straight and we wrapped our arms 
around each other and began to nibble each other's lips 
then necks and earlobes.

"I love the feel of you inside me.  I wish you could stay 
there forever."

"Might make school difficult and meal times would be 
interesting to say the least."

"I don't think I'd bother eating and I certainly wouldn't 
go to school."

"You'd starve to death."

"Mmm, but what a way to go."

"Actually I don't think I could stay hard long enough for 
you to die, so you're probably safe."

"Damn, I don't want to be safe - I want you hard 
forever."

"Well how about if I just keep getting hard again?"

"Forever?"

"I'm not actually sure how many times I can manage it."

"Well I guess you'll have to make sure you only get hard 
when you can stick it in me.  I don't want you wasting 
any hard ons."

"So no more 'remembering'?"

"If you need to remember you haven't been visiting me 
often enough."

I didn't tell her I hadn't really needed to remember - or 
masturbate - since soon after I had arrived.  Initially 
it was a matter of fitting in and since then getting 
insufficient sex was *NOT* an issue.

"So do you plan sitting near me, remembering yourself, 
while I entertain Rosalee or Hailey?"

"Maybe I could help her entertain you.  Did they take 
turns or work on you together?"

"There was quite a lot of togetherness."

"Tell me!"  Anna wriggled in my lap.

I reached between us and cupped her breast.

"Well, we kissed."

"So?"

"All three of us at once.  We had our mouths all pressed 
together and had our tongues waggling."

"So they kissed too?"

"Surprised?"

"Not after you told me you got them to taste each other.  
I can't believe they're lezzies."

"Oh I don't think they are.  They were very much into me 
and I think the desire to meet my wishes was stronger 
than any worry about another girl."

"Why do you think they were into you?  How come you're 
the number one guy?"

I squeezed gently and rubbed thumb and finger around a 
slowly hardening nipple.

"Why am I here if you don't think I'm worth having?"

"Oh, I've learned you're special - what made them think 
so *BEFORE* you got them doing each other in the park?"

"I guess I treated them like they wanted to be treated.  
They felt good around me before I even attempted to make 
them *FEEL* good."

"I can understand that," she conceded.  "I guess I'd go 
along with anything you said would make me feel great."

"How about if I only said it would make you feel good?"

"Good from you is better than what I've managed on my own 
in the past.  Just sitting on you like this is so 
fantastic."

"How would you feel if the others were watching us?"

Anna's shiver rubbed us together.

"Let's see.  You were impressed with Rosalee so perhaps 
she could sit behind you and cushion you against her 
breasts while she held yours and Hailey could wrap her 
arms around me and play with my nipples."

"*YOUR* nipples?"

"They feel as good as yours I would guess."

"You never said!"  Anna reached between us and copied me 
while we each leaned back against the other person's 
securing left arm.

"Is that okay?"

"Very."

"Then keep going.  What else are we going to do?"

"You wouldn't mind making love with me while they watched 
us, while they joined in?"

"Right at the moment with your stories I would do it up 
on stage in front of the whole school but in the 
morning..."

"Well you'll have to think things through and tell me 
what you would like."

"Tell me more stories so I can decide."

"Change so you're kneeling on me then."

Anna did.  "Oh, we don't rub together so nicely now."

I lay back.  "Try now."

Anna moved around, leaned a little forward and smiled.

"How about if instead of Hailey sitting behind me I was 
lying like this and she was sitting on my face?"

"Does she taste better than me?"

I answered her question with a question, avoiding it 
entirely.

"Would you prefer to sit over my face yourself and let 
her sit where you are?  You could watch her having her 
first fuck."

"I was going to say I want to stay here but that might be 
fun to watch."

"What?  So long as your tally is higher?"

"Of course."

"And how about if my tongue got tired?  Would you take 
turns to suck on me instead?"

"I think that's how we'd start fooling around."

"Mmm.  Maybe you should tell the stories."

"Do you think Dad would let you take us in the car if I 
asked him?"

"Well it's that or find somewhere else or some other way.  
Any bus routes out that way or to some other interesting 
spot?"

"I'll have to check."

As we'd spoken we had been caressing each other's chests 
and Anna had been moving her hips slowly.  That had kept 
us both "happy" without being too exciting.  
Unfortunately my imagination played havoc with my poise.  
I had to seriously resist getting too worked up just from 
my fantasies.

But I couldn't let them alone.

"I could line you up in a semicircle and just move from 
one breast to the next; or perhaps you girls would enjoy 
having a nibble.  We could take turns.  How do you like 
the idea of one of Rosalee's tits in your hand, making 
her nipple hard as you sucked or licked on it?  Or would 
you rather Hailey - she's closer in size to you?"

"I'd rather you did it to me but I'd watch them 
together."

"Well if you were sucking on me you wouldn't complain if 
one of them was to rub your pussy would you?"

"I'd still rather you did it but I guess not."

"Wouldn't it only be fair to return the favour when it 
was their turn?"

Anna was certainly letting her imagination control her.  
She ground herself against me while I waited for an 
answer.  She didn't seem willing to say she would but 
wasn't about to lie and say she would never do anything 
like that.

"Close your eyes and imagine what it would be like," I 
instructed.  "Let's say Hailey is on her knees, bent 
forwards with my prick in her mouth.  Mmm, it feels 
really, really good.  I think you've been giving her 
tips.  In fact she's doing such a good job you think she 
deserves a reward.  You can see her pussy through her 
thighs.  Her lips are thick, swollen with her lust and 
covered by the softest coating of hair."

"You sound way too familiar with them.  Go on!"

"You are close and you can reach out and touch her.  Her 
lips part and your fingers are wet.  She must be rather 
excited.  You put your thumb at the entrance to her cunt 
and it just slips in without any resistance.  Oh, I can 
tell she likes it because she's sucking even harder.

"You try moving your thumb.  Now Hailey's hips are 
swaying so your thumb gives all sides of her a good 
rubbing as you move it in and out.  You take your thumb 
out and rub the back of it along the middle of her pussy; 
your knuckle rubs gently across her clit.  Now the whole 
of your thumb slides back and forth, over and around her 
clit.  Can you feel her reacting?"

Anna murmured "Yes".  She was going crazy on my dick and 
I didn't think I could last.  I directed her rather than 
explained what was happening.

"Reach around with your other hand and cup her breast as 
it dangles down.  That's right.  Rosalee has got her 
other one."

Anna took hold of her own right breast with her left 
hand.  I still played with the other and moved *MY* left 
hand to her waist.

"Now tweak her nipple.  Does she like it pinched?  Fuck 
her with your thumb while you stretch her nipple out or 
bounce her tit on the palm of your hand.  Yes, you're 
making her excited.  I can feel her coming and I'm about 
to explode in her mouth."

Well somewhere at least!

Anna could feel me coming - hell I was lifting her up off 
our makeshift mattress!  She had gotten as worked up as 
well and came near enough with me that we both were ready 
to collapse together.

"Oh Roger, I think that was even better than the first 
time."

"It did feel pretty special."

"You know what you've done now though?"

"What?"

"You have to prove that you can make me come like that - 
with one hand on my breast and your thumb fucking me!"

"Well I didn't say how Hailey got as wet as you found her 
did I so I should be allowed to get you worked up first."

"The only trouble is I can't suck on you while you're 
fucking me with your thumb."

You can always practise with your toy."

"Oh!  I didn't think of that.  I wonder if Rosalee or 
Hailey have one."

"I can't say."

"Well I don't think I want to try tonight.  You've worn 
me out."

"I hope I haven't made you sore."  That would look rather 
strange - two cowpokes with bandy legs coming down to 
breakfast, Anna because her pussy was tender and I 
because my asshole had been similarly treated.

"No I think I will be okay.  You're just bigger than 
anything else I've had in there before and I can notice 
it."

"You'll get used to it."  Well it would be nice to have 
the chance.

"Oh I hope not!  Well I hope I get very familiar with the 
feeling but I hope I never get used to feeling you 
filling me up."

"An excellent attitude.  I certainly would not want to 
lose the wonder of your body gripping mine while you have 
me surrounded so snugly."

Anna lifted herself up and off of me while I once again 
held the base of the condom.

"Wait a minute."  Anna bent closer and examined how my 
semen filled the bulbous reservoir and spread around the 
head and some distance up the shaft.

"I've never seen one like that before.  Is it different 
wearing one when you..."

Anna didn't finish her question, not from embarrassment 
about saying "have sex" or even "fuck" but rather because 
any experience I had without condoms had to have been 
with another woman.  She forgot about blow jobs.

"When you put your mouth on me it's all silky smooth but 
it gets very intense very quickly.  I guess being inside 
you is a little snugger and the condom cuts down on how 
much I feel but that means it takes me longer before I 
can't stop myself coming.  So there are advantages and 
disadvantages - the main advantage being you don't get 
pregnant!"

"I have to agree there.  Mum had a talk with me a while 
back to say if I ever thought I might need it she would 
take me to the doctor to get the pill.  At that stage I 
was a bit embarrassed because I had zero love life.  I 
guess I should see if the offer still stands.  The only 
problem is coming up with a convincing story since I'm 
not seeing anyone and I don't think she'd be happy with 
the truth."

"You could always say you've seen some of the girls at 
school with their boyfriends and you might like to date 
some of the older guys.  Then you would be unsure if they 
might want to do more than you're ready for or else you 
might decide you are ready.  You want to know that if 
something happens, you're protected."

"I think I can make something useable out of that.  If I 
went on the pill you'd be able to feel me squeezing you 
properly."

"With or without you feel perfectly wonderful."

"I'm beginning to feel perfectly sleepy.  Would you lie 
down with me here for a while?"

Against my better judgement I did and of course we both 
slid straight into the slumber of the satiated.  It 
wasn't all that risky really and I woke up a couple of 
hours later as the night cooled down.

Awake, I still wasn't crazy about the idea of traipsing 
back across the roof to my own room.  It was much nicer 
to look at a happy Anna asleep beside me.  A happy 
*NAKED* Anna at that!

I caressed her shoulder and, when she showed no sign of 
stirring, then her breast.  Anna simply snuggled back 
into me so I could continue.  I reluctantly lifted her up 
instead and put her back into her bed.  I had to lift her 
head to slip the pillow back under and then spread the 
covers over her.  She stirred then and watched me dress.

"Let me kiss you goodbye."

I leaned and pressed my lips to hers.

"Nice but not what I had in mind."

Anna pulled down my recently restored boxers and took 
hold of my limp member.  She gave the knob a big kiss 
then stretched my foreskin back and placed the bare head 
inside her lips where her tongue waggled against the end.

"There you are.  Now you'd better go or you won't get up 
for school.  I wish I could do that to you at lunch."

There was no way I was going to let *THAT* happen!  The 
consequences of us being discovered could only serve to 
make my job near impossible under all but the most 
optimistic outlook.

I gave Anna a proper kiss but she was already heading 
back to sleep so I checked I had everything - new and 
used - and turned off her night light before letting my 
eyes get used to the dark.

I couldn't wait until my night vision was totally 
restored but it was light enough out that it wouldn't be 
that much different.

Still I was cautious; a neighbour out late for some 
reason might spot the movement on the roof and talk to 
Doug.  All was still and quiet as I climbed out onto the 
roof.  Lifting the screen to meet the window frame, I 
gave a gentle push so they were united again and closed 
the window.

Two minutes later, my own room being secure, I was in bed 
and trying to revisit the dreams I had left unfinished in 
Anna's room.

*********************************************************
