Simon wakes to a blaze of daylight and an empty bed. The smell of carrion-scented smoke that's wafting through the open windows tells him that Jayne is doing exactly as he promised and is busy cleaning up Gainsborough.
Dressing quickly, Simon picks up a couple of bottles of water then heads for the stairs, studiously ignoring each closed door which in his mind have plague crosses painted on them in viscous, crimson strokes.

The bar area has already been cleared of bodies and Simon is relieved at not having to pick a dainty path through to the bathroom. Things aren't so bad, he reminds himself once again. They have food, drink and toilet facilities, all of which contribute towards making Simon feel human again. Even his ribs are feeling a little better this morning, although--strapping long gone--his right index knuckle is swollen to unnaturally large proportions and impossible to bend. Three years ago Simon would have wept over this as signifying the end of his career as a surgeon. Now his former life is so lost in the past that he can barely recall it, let alone grieve for it.

Bathroom routine over, Simon opens the doors and steps out into bright sunshine. The scene on the main street is no less apocalyptic, but certainly more organised. The dead are heaped into burning piles as Jayne, wearing worker's overalls, his hands protected by thick elbow length gloves, throws body parts onto the flames as if he's stoking the fires of hell. It's an eerie sight.

A list of priorities etched into his mind, Simon walks the length of the linear town, mentally recording all the most useful stores and utilities. There's a small public library which, with no access to the Cortex, could prove very useful in helping to bring the power back online -- providing it doesn't only have shelf room for romance novels and adventure stories.

As Gainsborough peters out into nothing more than the occasional single storey shack, Simon looks out onto a different scene of devastation. At first it's hard to comprehend why the hillside is covered in mangled steel and burnt wood, but then everything begins to make ugly sense. The wind turbines, which probably provided power for the entire town, have been systematically destroyed by the Reavers. Humans are so weak they've forgotten how to exist without the basics. Remove their electricity and poison their water and they fall apart.

Simon sprawls helplessly on a bench at the side of the street, running his finger over the inscription engraved onto the plaque which reminds everyone that Mayor J. T. Griffiths kindly provided this seat for the community -- a community that has been completely eradicated in a matter of days.

He's now reached the conclusion that there's nowhere to stay in Gainsborough, but maybe there's a place with its own electricity and water supply somewhere outside its boundaries. Taking a thoughtful sip of his drink, Simon suddenly brings to mind a tiny detail stored up from when they arrived. Wash had pointed out the ore mines and also mentioned a possible landing site on some farmland just north east of the town. If anywhere's likely to have an independent power source it's a farm.

With renewed energy, Simon jumps to his feet and follows the road that curls around the town and out towards the east. Even the gentle upward slope is too much for him to cope with in his current state of exhaustion and he's about to turn around and go back when he remembers the job that Jayne is doing in town. Steeling himself, he walks another half mile or so and finally, when he's beginning to think he imagined the whole thing, comes to some peeling railings and a five bar gate with an old fashioned mail box and sign that declares the place to be Love Knot Farm. Cringing at the sentimentality and also the sight of dead horses at the far end of the pasture, Simon climbs the gate and heads for the cluster of buildings, wondering what he'll find here. If only he'd brought that rifle with him.

There's only one thing more eerie than a ghost town and that's a ghost town which may not be completely deserted. However as Simon approaches the farm house he can tell immediately that the Reavers have been through here with whirlwind destruction, leaving nothing alive in their path. Even the corpses of the farm cats and dogs lie decaying in the yard. One of them has a hind leg chewed off.

Spirits sinking rapidly, Simon keeps his gaze focused well away from the hideous sight. This turns out to be a stroke of good luck because it's then that he notices that the roof of the building has several solar panels set into it. Wo cao! If on the off chance they work and there's some comm equipment lying around that hasn't been destroyed then they could be away from this hell hole in a few days.

Pushing open the heavy pine door, Simon peers inside the farmhouse. The hallway seems intact, but flipping each of the switches in turn yields nothing but a resonant click. "Hell," he mutters, taking his flashlight out of his pocket and creeping down stone steps into the cellar in order to find the breaker box. A flick of the main switch tells him that the problem is going to be a complicated one, a fact which is which is utterly disheartening. He'd been hoping to prove his worth to Jayne by surprising the man with a brightly-lit house and a tubful of hot water.

Pushing the disappointment to the back of his mind, he explores the rest of the farmhouse, coming to a sudden halt when the stench from one of the bedrooms hits him like a wall of putridity. The urge to run and fetch Jayne is as strong as the smell wafting off the bodies, but Simon is responsible for making this a temporary home for them and therefore he's determined to go through with it.

Fetching some heavy duty plastic sacks from the kitchen he finds a roll of tape and then ascends the stairs once again, his stomach churning at the thought of having to deal with this horror. The bodies at the landing site had been desiccated from exposure to the elements but these corpses smell ripe.

Taking one step inside the bedroom Simon is overcome by nausea and has to run to the bathroom to vomit. Covering his nose and mouth with a dry washcloth he re-enters the master bedroom, swatting away the flies and staring down at the bodies of the elderly couple who are lying dead in their bed with an empty bottle of painkillers open on the nightstand. At least they weren't raped or eaten, he thinks as he winds each rotting body in sheets from the linen closet and then seals them up with plastic and thick electrical tape. Unable to think of a more dignified method of removal, Simon opens the casement windows wide and heaves the former occupants of the farmhouse down into the yard below, hurriedly adding the soiled mattress to the pile.

Latching the windows and slamming the door, Simon leaves the room to fumigate then makes his way outside to explore the rest of the farm buildings and hopefully find somewhere to keep the corpses until he can dispose of them properly.

The main barn, once probably full of farming machinery, has been thoroughly looted by the Reavers, but behind it is a smaller storage shed which has either been missed or ignored. Opening up the doors, Simon can't quite take in the amount of junk which has been horded inside here -- all manner of things from ploughs to toasters to barrels of agricultural fertilizer. The place is a veritable Aladdin's cave. Then, hidden away to one side, he sees something which makes his eyes light up. Rushing over, he shoves away the boxes that cover the ancient two person mule and wheels it forward into the yard. Unbelievably, it's still got a quarter of a tank of gas and on the third attempt at a kick start it bursts into life, coughing and spluttering and sounding rather like a consumptive old man. Simon revs up a few times then kills the motor, climbing regretfully off the vehicle. He has important work to do first before charging back down the track to town to show off his latest acquisition to Jayne.

Next to the shed is a grain barn, half-filled with sacks and a wood store that's stacked to the rafters and Simon thinks he's seen everything until he spots a small stone hut partially buried in the trees. It turns out to be a dilapidated icehouse and, peering inside, he discovers that it's devoid of contents. With its insulated walls and sealed door it'll make it as good a place as any to keep the remains of the farmer and his wife and, after dragging the wrapped bodies inside, Simon then collects the pet animal carcasses in a barrow and carts them inside to be entombed alongside their owners. It's as good a burial as he can manage for the family right now.

Dirtiest work now complete, Simon clears the rest of the house whilst trying to figure out a way to solve the water and power puzzle. A quick inspection of the roof space shows him that a lot of the wiring has been gnawed away by some form of vermin, rats probably, and this explains why electricity from the solar cells isn't getting through. There's an old hand pump in the yard which is a good indication that the farm has its own supply of water, however none of the faucets are working and when Simon inspects the rear of the farmstead he finds a boiler house with a diesel generator and what appears to be the operation panel for a borehole pump. The only problem is that there's no fuel for the generator.

Simon kicks out at the wall in disgust. He's now found two means of powering up the place and yet he can't manage to get either of them to work. Frustrated by this lack of success, he stomps back inside the farmhouse, opening a can of fruit and forking it into his mouth in hope that the sweetness may make him feel a little less bitter.

It's only when he's finished his meal and is gazing out of the window that he realises how far the sun has moved across the sky. Best thing to do now is go back to Gainsborough on the mule and round up some of the supplies they'll need for the night. He may not have a fully functional house to show off to Jayne, but at least he's found them a place to stay that's relatively clean and safe.

*

When Simon was growing up on Osiris, every luxury and new technology was his for the asking. Even on board Serenity they had constant hot water, regulated temperature and access to the Cortex. Yet after just a few days of being without life's necessities, Simon's as proud to be riding into town on that old mule as if he'd been made surgical consultant at St Lucy's.

The fires are still burning, three columns of dense smoke connecting the streets of Gainsborough to the darkening afternoon sky, and Jayne's working feverishly, collecting up waste and throwing it onto the pyres. He's still suited up in his overalls, but now has a pair of goggles on to protect his eyes from flying debris and as he wields his axe, chopping wood into useable size chunks, Simon isn't quite sure if the person he's beginning to know is still there behind the mask.

"Jayne," he yells, somewhat relieved when the man looks around and lifts a gloved hand. "Have you seen any diesel around here?" he asks.

Raising his goggles and letting them rest high on his forehead, Jayne wipes away the trails of perspiration that run down his cheeks. "There's a mechanic's shop at the end of the street," he says, taking his gloves off then unfastening his overalls to the waist and pulling them down off his shoulders. "I saw some drums of fuel back there. D'you need it for the mule?"

"No." Simon's finding it hard to talk, mesmerized by the beads of sweat trickling over Jayne's hairy chest and wetting the face of that ever-present St Christopher medal that dangles on its thick chain. "Remember that farmland Wash pointed out when we were landing?"

"Yep," answers Jayne, taking a sip of from his water bottle then handing it over.

Simon drinks deeply, for once not feeling the urge to wipe away any germs. He's kissed the man. He wants to kiss him some more, but unfortunately it never seems to be the right time. "I've cleared out the farmhouse," he says. "It has its own water supply and generators, but I can't get the damn things to work."

"I can take a look if'n you like," says Jayne, frowning when Simon shakes his head defiantly.

This is his project and he doesn't want someone else coming in to fix it. "I can do it," he snaps. "I just need diesel for the generator and a book from the library to tell me how to rewire the solar cells."

"'Kay then." Break over, Jayne pulls on his overalls and gloves. "I best get on with the clean up. I ain't hardly made a start yet."

A look of nausea combined with absolute exhaustion flickers across the man's face and Simon begins to worry. "You don't have to do it all in one day," he says, slapping a hand on Jayne's shoulder in a gesture that seems more about friendship than comforting a would-be lover. Are they drifting apart before they're even together?

"You telling me disposing of these bodies is gonna get easier if I leave it a while?" Jayne shakes Simon off as he swats away a fly that has landed on his bicep.

Simon folds his arms. "No. I'm just saying you can't physically do it all today."

The mercenary glowers at him and as he lowers the goggles down over his eyes, Simon is reminded of Higgins' Moon and how much they disliked each other back then.

"Just get the supplies we need and I'll meet you back at the farm when I'm done," says the big man. "I know whereabouts it is."

He'll be done in rather than done when he gets there, thinks Simon. Still, he has no sway over Jayne's actions and if his attitude keeps worsening then it's far better that they stay away from each other.

Simon's first port of call is the doctor's surgery. It's been looted, but there are some drugs left in the small med vault and a few pieces of basic equipment lying around -- mercury thermometer, stethoscope, a sphygmomanometer. This is excellent provided that Simon can remember how to use such old fashioned instruments. Having collected up the most useful items and put them in a bag, he leaves the surgery and heads unwillingly for the drugstore, just the idea of the place bringing back some rancid memories.

"Ain't cleared through there yet," yells Jayne in warning as Simon goes to push open the door of the shopping mall.

There's a definite aura of shame emanating from the big man and Simon wonders why he's taking all this so personally. "No problem," he says with a thumbs up in Jayne's direction.

He's wrong. It does turn out to be a problem when the smell hits him straight in the guts and he immediately vomits up the entire contents of his stomach. The last time he was here he'd described it as a living hell, but now it's morphed into something far worse. Body parts are still strewn across the floor and flies are pouring out in a steady stream from the heaving pile of bloated, blackened corpses. Simon understands why the heap of carrion is moving--it's caused by the slow expulsion of gas and a sea of wriggling maggots--but knowing the reason doesn't make the sight any less dreadful.

In comparison the drugstore is far more pleasant. Bitterly regretting his decision to pinch all those meds last time he was here, Simon sifts through the remainder, taking painkillers and antibiotics and anything else that might be of use. His bag now filled with bandages and medicine, Simon races out, not even looking to see if there're any other stores in the mall which may contain useful goods. The whole place needs to be razed to the ground.

Hooking up the trailer that's still in the same place they abandoned it a few days earlier, Simon loads the supplies and then drives the mule up the street in the direction of the garage.

"There's a mercantile just there," calls Jayne, pointing it out as Simon goes past. "Get me some pants and shirts, will you."

Simon dismounts from the vehicle and enters the building. It's dark inside and after switching on his flashlight he sees that all the weapons and ammo are gone, but over to the right are racks of shelving piled high with clothing. Reavers prefer to make their own custom garments. Picking out several pairs of pants in a range of sizes, he adds them and some shirts and sweaters to the pile and at the last minute finds a few dozen pairs of good, thick socks. This comes as a relief because it's starting to feel as if he's suffering from trench foot.

Clothes shopping completed, he weighs up how quickly the light is fading then hurries on with the rest of his list. Jayne was right; the mechanic's shop has a several small drums of diesel stacked inside the doorway and, even with his cracked ribs kicking up a storm, Simon can't keep the smile off his face as he loads three of them onto the trailer. Next he pays a visit to the market, ignoring the produce section which is rank with spoiled goods. They'll be living off preserved stuff for a long time yet, he thinks as he stocks up with snacks, cans and drinks along with wash stuff and household items. He tries not to wonder what'll happen when the food runs out. There's no way of knowing how long they'll be stuck here.

The library is a happy distraction; Simon hasn't seen so many books for years. Running his flashlight along the shelves, he grabs a couple of classic novels on his way to the non-fiction section on engineering. There are a number of manuals which might prove useful. Of course, being printed, they're well out of date, but then so is everything in this town and the principle of electrical wiring hasn't altered much since it was invented. The one thing that's baffling Simon is how to set up communications. He's seen no sign of any recognisable device since he's been here. These people must have lived a lonely life, but then again maybe that's normal for the inhabitants of small Rim worlds.

The trailer now brimming over with supplies, Simon climbs onto the mule, keen to get back along the bumpy track before dusk fades out to night. "Are you coming?" he yells to Jayne.

The mercenary doesn't answer and continues to work like lunatic, dragging sacks full of trash out onto the street then stoking the fires. Simon can't help but feel pissed at the man. He's fully aware that Jayne has never been the most gregarious of people, but a small amount of politeness goes a long way, especially when the population of their new home-world numbers just two.

Narrowly missing the deep ridges caused by old tractor tyres, Simon avoids turning the trailer over by the skin of his teeth and heaves a sigh of relief when he makes it back to the boundaries of the farm in one piece. He hangs a lit lantern from a nail on the post and then, weighing things up in his mind, decides to close the gate behind him. There may be nobody else here, but it helps to ease his shredded nerves. If he could find a key then he'd lock the farmhouse up as well.

It takes him an hour to restock the rooms with all the items he's scrounged and once the battery lights are lit and the bed is made he begins to relax. There's one more task he insists on doing before the evening is over and that's to clean up outside. Sluicing disinfectant over the stones, Simon pumps out water then, with a stiff yard brush, begins to sweep away all the festering debris into the drain.

Finally he's done. Stripping out of his dirty clothes, he stands naked in the moonlit yard and pours a bucket of pump water over himself. It's cold but good and certainly a damn sight more pleasant than being in that icy pool in the caves. Shower gel replaces the stink of old sweat and smoke, sending him to a nirvana-like state of contemplation and when an extra pair of hands rubs shampoo into his wet hair his heart stutters from shock and he spins around anxiously.

"'S okay," says Jayne who's filled the bucket back up with water and is pouring it over them both. "Just me."

Washing becomes a much lengthier process than necessary although it's more cathartic than sexual. Ignoring the hiss of pain from Jayne, Simon delicately wipes away the dirt from some of the mercenary's worst wounds. "I'll treat these as soon as we get inside," he says.

"Food first?" asks Jayne hopefully, grabbing a towel from where Simon's piled them up on a bench seat at the side of the yard.

"Maybe." Simon would like to have a closer inspection of the worst of those bites. Infection has definitely set in and could easily result in blood poisoning if it's left untreated. Luckily Simon has always been thorough about making sure that every member of the crew is kept up to date with their inoculations.

"Shouldn't be worrying yourself over me, Doc," says Jayne with a tired grin as he wraps the towel around his waist and pushes open the front door of the farmhouse. "You're the one's been doing all the dying so far this trip."

Simon shivers as he follows Jayne inside and it's not because of the cold. The mercenary has such a warped view of things. The man has lived dangerously, but this doesn't alter the fact that his attitude is disturbing. It's almost as if he carries a death-wish around with him on those broad shoulders and Simon doesn't like it one bit. His job is to preserve life at all costs and while they're marooned here in Gainsborough he's going to make sure he does exactly that.

"You done good," says Jayne, pulling on a pair of pants as he looks around the house with a smile of satisfaction. Once again Simon is knocked out by how positively he reacts to gaining an ounce more of the big man's respect. Psychologically speaking he's acting as beta to Jayne's alpha male and it disgusts him a little that he can resort to such a basic behaviour pattern. He's educated and intellectual. Jayne is… well, he's a big, brutish thug.

"What's for supper?" says that big brutish thug and Simon hurries into the kitchen after him, still only half-dressed.

"Just canned cold stuff," he answers despondently as he pulls on a pair of thick hiking socks.

Jayne opens a door on the range. "Is there any firewood?"

Just a ton of it chopped up in the storehouse! Simon is close to tearing his hair out in despair. He'd never once considered that the stove might be a wood burner.

"I'll fetch some," he says, already on his way out of the door, armed with a flashlight.

Ignoring the scurrying of the rats--large rats by the sound of things--Simon fills two sacks with bundles of kindling then heads back to the safety of the kitchen.

"Here," he says, passing them to Jayne who stocks the fire with knotted paper and wood then lights it with some long matches he finds in a cabinet.

"There's oil for lanterns here," says the big man. "That'll save on batteries."

Fifteen minutes later the kitchen is warm and glowing with lamplight and there's beef stew simmering away in a pan. As Simon adds canned potatoes and vegetables to the meat he's still kicking himself for missing such a basic thing as a solid fuel stove.

After dinner, Jayne goes to the yard and pumps water into a copper then sets it on the range to heat up. "I should be cleaning up some of the guns I brought back, but I reckon getting rid of this is a priority." He tugs at his unruly beard.

Simon's relieved he remembered to pick up razors. "Let me see that arm first," he says, sitting down at the table with his bag full of medical supplies and patting the chair next to him.

Jayne does as he's told. "If'n it'll get you off my back," he says with a smile.

Simon has an unexpected vision of mounting Jayne from behind and his cock throbs with excitement. After living a near enough celibate life for so long he's becoming obsessed with the idea of sex, however the severity of Jayne's wound quickly dampens Simon's ardour. He's amazed the man's managed to work the way he has with such an injury. As he cleans up the torn flesh he imagines what it must have felt like to have the Reavers descend like a pack of hungry wolves.

"This time take all the antibiotics," he says as he washes out the wound with antiseptic causing Jayne to yelp. "If the infection spreads up to your elbow then you can easily lose the use of it. If you get gangrene then-"

"I know that part," scowls Jayne as he waits sulkily for Simon to finish bandaging him up. "I ain't a retard," he mutters as he strides out of the room.

They're both tired and edgy, thinks Simon as he moves his chair until it's directly in front of the range, trying to count every blessing, however small it may be.

Jayne returns a few minutes later armed with a mottled chrome shaving mirror and a sheepish look on his face. Sitting down at the table he carefully trims away the excess hair with a pair of kitchen scissors. He then fills a bowl with hot water and, having lathered up his face, begins the slow process of removing that beard. Simon watches fascinated; it's been years since he's seen the man without his trademark goatee. When Jayne's done and his face is clean and dry Simon can't resist reaching out a hand to touch the smoothness of that skin.

"You look different," he says, cocking his head to one side as he evaluates how. "Younger I think."

"It'll grow back," growls Jayne, but nonetheless he leans into Simon's touch.

The moment lasts a long time, both of them drawing something essential from that connection, but eventually Simon pulls back and tends to his own facial hair, shaving most of it away except for a crude attempt at recreating Jayne's beard.

"Shall I keep it?" he asks with a grin.

Jayne looks around from cleaning his teeth. Spluttering with laughter, the foamy paste dribbles down his chin and he rinses and spits. "No," he says emphatically. "Goatees don't sit right on prissy doctors from the Core," but he darts forward and lands a surprise kiss on Simon's lips. "Don't feel so bad though," he adds.

Simon agrees, enjoying the role reversal as he leans in, turning that first soft exchange into something much deeper and as he drags Jayne towards him he imagines them stripping off and rutting--because that's exactly what it would be--right here on the kitchen table.

"Shame we don't got no water rigged up yet," says Jayne, in between kisses. "The back boiler of this old range would heat it up quick."

Now Simon knows the man is only thinking about how good it would be to soak in the tub, but for some reason he sees red and takes it personally. "I've done my best," he yells, shoving Jayne away from him and then flouncing out of the room in a manner fit for a drama queen.

"Doc! Simon?"

After that there are no more words from the mercenary, just this long drawn out sigh of exasperation that Simon can hear all the way from the den where he's speed reading one of the engineering manuals. He wants to confess to Jayne that his outburst was only caused by frustration at his own inability to fix the damn power, but he's too tired to explain.

Studying has always been a passion of Simon's and although the first few pages go by in a haze of self-recrimination he soon finds himself drawn into the manual. With pen and paper by his side, he reads and makes notes, trying to understand the complexities of the stored low voltage current from the solar cells and the difference between this and the diesel-generated power.

When the words begin to swim in front of his eyes, Simon knows it's time for bed. Expecting to find Jayne sitting at the kitchen table cleaning guns, he's slightly perturbed to discover the seats are empty, the plates washed and the kitchen has been made ready for the night.

Quickly shaving away the rest of his beard, he cleans his teeth, rinsing with a cup full of pump water, then wards off a flood of misery by thinking about the joys of sleeping in a clean bed for the first time in an age.

Having snuffed out the last oil lantern he heads for the stairs, the house looking far eerier in the beams from the flashlight than it did by day, and with one final, worried glance at the unlocked front door he then races up to the bathroom to use the toilet.

Head full of circuit diagrams and self-pity Simon enters the guest room, hoping that Jayne hasn't decided to find another bed. Thankfully he finds the big man curled up on his side, sleeping so soundly that his breathing is almost inaudible, and having quickly stripped out of his clothes, Simon lies next to him, wrapping an arm around that warm belly. It feels wonderful having someone to share a bed with and, despite his exhaustion, the good feeling spreads, blood thundering through his system and causing his cock to spring to life.

The minutes tick uncomfortably by. Too tired and too excited to sleep, Simon presses a kiss to the back of Jayne's neck then leaves the bedroom and makes his way outside, enjoying the thrill of being naked out in the open. Seated on the bench seat, he begins to masturbate, spitting into his palm and then pulling at his erection with slow, upward strokes. It's a far more peaceful experience than he expected. There's nothing likely to disturb him--it'll take a grenade to wake Jayne--and it's so beautifully dark out here, the world silent except for the sound of the wind in the trees. Simon revels in the space after the claustrophobia of the mine and, jerking rhythmically, he brings himself to a blissful climax then wipes away the semen with a handful of tissue paper he's brought along for the purpose. Now he'll be able to sleep.