
	Tasha picked up Lindsey after Jake left and the two girlfriends headed to the mall.  On the way, Tasha confessed to giving him a blowjob after Lindsey pried away.  

"Wow Tash that's amazing!  You got to blow Jake Welsh!  That's like, totally awesome!"

"Yeah its so much fun doing it to!  I love drinking up all the Cream!"  Tash replied.

"Are you for real girl?  Cum tastes terrible!!! How can you do that?"  Linds asked scrunching up her face.

"It's easy, you just swallow real fast and its over.  I kinda like the taste anyways.  It tastes like icing." 

"Icing..." Linds asked dubiously.

"Yeah French Icing.  Maybe its an acquired taste." Tash lied.  "Besides I think its making my breasts bigger drinking all that uh, cum.  My bras don't fit and my butt is definitely bigger too."

"Really?" Lindsey asked.  "Maybe I should swallow instead of spitting.  Paul usually just comes all over my face.  It's really gross."

Tasha thought about Mr.P squirting all over her face.  She wondered if Paul's cock was as big as his dad's.

"Does Paul have a big one?" Tasha asked giggling.

"Ummmmmm... It's ok...  Hey do you wanna go to Victoria's Secret at the mall?"  Lindsey said immediately changing the subject.  

"Yeah for sure, I need some bigger bras." Tasha said squeezing her breasts.  She had officially grown out of a B-cup.  Finally.

When they got there, they went straight to Victoria's Secret.  Tash had never been here before and was amazed at all the sexy lingerie.  Her and Lindsey giggled and grabbed some to try on.  She looked at her half naked body in the mirror.  She looked like the lingerie models in the pictures on the walls.  Only younger.  

Her breasts were pushed up and her cleavage was bigger than she had ever seen it.  Since her pussy was clean shaven, she could try on smaller panties that looked 100 times better than the ones she wore.  She picked out a dozen new bras and a half dozen new thong-style panties.  Lindsey picked out only 2 thongs.  Tasha threw her moms platinum card on the counter.  

"$950 bucks?  Damn Tash..."  Lindsey gasped at her bill.  She knew Tash was loaded but a grand on underwear was crazy.

They left the store and made a beeline back to the car to drop off Tasha's 3 bags of panties when a strong hand grabbed each of their arms and pulled them back into the mall.  

"Let the fuck go of us!" Tash yelled.

"Shoplifting is a serious offense ladies.  You're coming with me."  A large black man in a security outfit growled.  

Tasha looked at Lindsey and her expression said it all.  Fuck.

The guard brought them into the security command center where he collected their receipts and dumped all the garments on the table.  Tash turned red in embarrassment as the man matched up all the items to the receipt.  Then he did the same to Linds.  He checked her purse but found nothing.  

Just then a large, portly man walked into the room.  He stared the two girls down.  

"Ladies, my name is Williams, Head of Security.  Which one Jerry?" He asked the black guard.  Jerry nodded towards Lindsey.  "Too bad..." he remarked staring back to Tasha.

"Alright young lady, stand up and give us back the merchandise."  Williams crossed his arms.  

"Ummmm what are you talking about?" Lindsey tried feigning ignorance.

"THE FUCKING PANTIES BITCH!!!  We know you're wearing stolen panties!  We need them back." Williams was getting angry.

"Fine, fine!  Where is there a room to change in?" Linds confessed standing up.

"No changing room, strip here.  Then we take you to the police station for booking."

Lindsey turned white as a ghost.  Police?  Her parents would kill her!  Then she started crying and hugged Tasha.  

"Stop crying and strip.  We need the panties back for evidence and you can't be wearing them when you go to jail..."  Jerry set up a video camera on a tripod to get video evidence that she did actually steal them.  He pressed record.

"NO!  I can't go to jail my parents will kill me!"  Linds cried.

"Yeah they aren't gonna be too happy paying the $5,000 bail either.  They'll probably try you as an adult since your seventeen!" Williams chuckled when she started crying even harder.

"$5,000!!!  They can't afford that!  They're gonna kill me..."  

"Well then you'll have to stay in jail until your trial...Could take months. That's how it works.  Sorry.  Now lets go, lose the underwear sweetie."  Williams stepped towards her.

Lindsey, paled again.  Her head was spinning.

"NO!  I'll do anything you want just don't take me to the Police!"  She bawled.

"Fuck that sir, lets lock this one up.  She's a thieving bitch..." Jerry snarled at her.

"Well now Jerry, she did say anything.  Didn't you dear?  You said anything.  Did you mean what you said?  Because if you did we could work something out..."  Williams negotiated.

Something was telling Tasha this wasn't going to be good for Lindsey.  She didn't like the way they were smiling...

"Yes sir..." Linds replied.

"Yes sir what?" 

"Yes sir I'll do anything you want..." She whimpered in defeat. "Just don't turn me in..."

"Excellent!  Well what I want is to fuck you, ya little thief.  I'm gonna slam the ever-living shit outta you!"  
Williams grinned, unzipping his fly and relishing the young girl's fear.  He pulled his cock out and started stroking it. 

"NO!  I won't do that!" She started wailing again.  

"Well then, jail it is..."  He teased.  Looking at Tasha he noticed her staring at his cock biting her bottom lip. "Unless... unless the the two of you strip down and give us some fucking head..."

Lindsey looked at Tasha through her tears.  Tasha shrugged in defeat.  

"Now bitch, give us back the merchandise and show us what you got.  And you blondie, put these on."  He commanded throwing a red thong at Tasha from the table.  

Lindsey pulled her pants down revealing three pairs of panties with tags on them.  One by one she peeled them off until she was standing in only a tank top.  Tasha was hesitant but pulled her jeans off.  She dropped her granny panties and quickly slid her thong on.  

"God damn boss, look at them pussies!" Jerry said sliding down his fly.  

Williams walked to Lindsey and squeezed a handful of ass before pushing her over to Jerry.  She slammed into his chest and his hands immediately dropped to her round little ass.  Williams wanted Tasha as she was considerably hotter.  She had grabbed his eye the second he spotted her walking into the store on the security cameras.  He had almost jerked off watching her change as he had planted pen cameras in every changing room there.      

As he approached, she slowly kneeled knowing what was expected and excited at the chance to give head to someone new.  She thought of Jake and then thought of his cock.  Then Jake's cock morphed into Williams cock and she grabbed it in her hand and kissed it on the head.  It was still hard from watching her change.  She easily swallowed it to Williams' amazement, as it was only about 6 inches fully hard.

Lindsey on the other hand was getting nervous.  Jerry was still toying with her ass and he had pulled his dick out and started stroking it.  She grabbed it and looked down to see what it looked like.  It was like an angry black snake pulsing in her hands.  She had lied to Tash, Paul's dick was enormous.  This one was big but she was used to huge.  Still, it was different and it was definitely turning her on.  

She dropped to her knees and crammed Jerry's cock to her face licking around the head.  She unbuckled his belt and pants while slowly sliding the head in her mouth.  Pulling his pants down, she grabbed for his balls and began the familiar process of stuffing her throat with cock.  

"Fuckin shit boss, these bitches know what to do!" Jerry yelled.

"God damn right my man, this is the real reason they all come to the mall!" Williams said, sweating through his incredible blowjob.  

He reached down and pulled Tasha's tee-shirt over her head and removed her bra.  He excitedly grabbed her tits and squeezed away.  Jerry looked over at his boss and the half naked blonde dime piece, who was slamming his cock in her mouth.  He couldn't wait to get promoted to Head of Security someday to have his pick of the teenie thieves.    

Tasha looked to her right, at Lindsey and Jerry.  She got jealous when she saw that her friend was sucking a bigger cock than her.  It was about as big as Jake's but black.  Lindsey was doing ok but Tasha knew she could do better.  She grabbed Williams' ass as he began bucking his hips, fucking her throat.  

"Fuck! This girl is good!  AHHH!"  Williams said slamming away.

Tash knew it wasn't long before she got his Cream.  Good thing she was getting some extra today, after buying all those panties she wanted to drink as much cum as possible to fill them out.  Williams moaned and stopped slamming away.  He grabbed her head and shoved his cock down her throat holding it there.  He began squirting but it emptied directly into her throat.  

When he pulled back a few inches, almost every drop had been emptied.  Tasha sucked away but got no more Cream from him.  He collapsed in a chair.  Tasha sat on the floor licking her lips watching Jerry's big cock disappear into Lindsey's mouth.  Tasha wanted to crawl over and take over sucking his dick.  She stared at the black man and he stared back at her, eye fucking her perfect body.  She looked at him with a pout and licked her lips dropping her gaze to his cock and back to his eyes.  He wasn't even attractive but she wanted his Cream regardless.  She stared him in the eyes and tuck out her tongue...

Lindsey slurped away, pumping the bottom half with her hand and squeezing his nuts with the other hand.  
She didn't notice Jerry's diverted attention but got worried when his cock began swelling and twitching.  She didn't want it in her mouth OR on her face.  She knew Tasha was watching though and had probably swallowed the bosses cum so she would do it too.  Just as Lindsey thought she would get a mouthful, Jerry pulled out of her mouth and pushed her to her ass.  He bolted over to Tasha who sat up quickly and closed her eyes sticking her tongue out even farther.

"OOOO FUUUCK!" The black man yelled, pumping his huge nut onto Tasha's tongue.  

She reeled it in and swallowed, sticking it back out for more.  She swallowed again and put the head in her mouth, sucking the rest from the source.  Looking up at him she smiled and pushed his still squirting cock deeper in her mouth.  She bobbed slowly at the 4 inch mark until it started to hurt his sensitive dick.  

Lindsey was both relieved and angry at the same time.  Tasha had stolen what she had worked for but she had gotten them into this mess so she couldn't rightfully be angry.  Tasha was looking like she was having all the fun though as Jerry stepped away and she stared at him giggling.  Lindsey couldn't believe her friend was acting like a total slut.  Usually she was kind of a nerd and an over-achiever.  Maybe she had found something new to over-achieve at.  

The two guards grabbed the camcorder and videotaped the two naked girls getting dressed.  They gave Lindsey the stolen merchandise to keep and two $100 gift certificates.  

"Hey you two girls are welcome back here anytime."  Williams said laughing.

"Yeah ok sure..." Lindsey mumbled rushing Tasha out, who seemed to want to stay.

"Tasha thanks for helping me out of that jam."

"No prob, it was fun!  Plus I got enough Cream to really fit into these new bras!"

Lindsey wondered where she was coming up with all this shit about "Cream"...  
