am a big fan of Indian-Stories stories. I read all the stories of this site. My name is Sumit (not real name) 19 years old handsome guy with 6"long cock &2.5" in diameter I live in kanpur. This story about my Mausi (Khala) her name is Pooja who is 30years old & want to become a Model but never made. She has a great stats just like model but I never know why she never made a model. She is my sister because most of time she spent on our house &Mom & Dad treating as their child & she treat with me as a sister.

When she came our house she sleep with me.She know that I always sleep by put one hand on tummy or breast because I love soft things & she never resist when I put my hand on her tummy or breast. Till she live in our house she take all my burden on her shoulder. In morning she give me bath. I never emberresed to become nude in the presence of her. This is going on till she married with my chacha. My Chacha do work with my father. When they married I was 13years old.Aftre marrige they go to another city & live their because of new office. My chacha always go for official tour so he requst to my parents to send me their because when go for tour chachi become alone. My parents aggry and send me there. There same things are going on.
Chachi give me bath & when chacha go for tour I sleep with chachi and putting my hand on her.After one year we got big loss in business that time I was 14 and a half year old. When I was 15 chacha go U.S.A because he found a job there.He go and said that when he settle there he call all of us. That time chachi was pregnant & 8 month is going on my mother come for look after her.After 2 months she give birth to a mail child. My mother went back to home.Now we both are alone with a child.Firstly she emberresed to feed her child in front of me. But after 1 month her emberresed is gone.She feed her child in front of me & I see her breast fully.Her nipple is light brown in colour & 2" in diameter.By feeding her breast size increase v. Much.One day when she feed her child I see her tits firstly she did not notice but after some time she notice and said with smile what are you seeing I also smile and put my head down. I was shocked when she say do you want to drink my milk. I did not say any thing then she stand up & go to kitchen & come with a glass. In front of me she pour her milk in glass by preesing her tits & give to me for drink 1stly I refuce then she said I am your mausi means maa jasi if you drink your mother milk why you refuce to drink my milk. Then I drink all the milk of glass.From that day she give her milk to me in glass.
Before this she sleep in gown but after this she sleep only in peticoat the upper part is all nude. When I was 15 and a half my publichair is coming & she said that u become meature & u bath alone.After 5 month I got facture in my left arm so that I could not bath so that she give me bath. In bath she said to undoo the thread of underwear so she clean my private parts when I open the thread she was shoked to see the length of cock and public hairs.Slowly-2 she clean it. My cock become semi-errect then she stop cleaning. This is going on for 2weeks.Now again I become nude before herself.Dr. say that my bones are very soft so by giving massaging bones become strong so chachi daily give me oil massage.
From that day she do massage. When she do message my cock become errect which is seen through my underwear by see my cock she smile but did not say any thing. One day when I go for bath I was totally nude she said that lay on bed so she do message because after do message she said go for bath and she also hurry because after me she want to go for she was going to her friend home & come in neight. Then I lay on bed she do message on my body my cock become errect because of her soft hand running on my body and near my cock.Cock become in full size by see it she smile & said now go for bath.After my bath she go for bath & go to her friends home & came in neight.Next day I lay naked on bed she come in room & smile by see me in this position.Now she do message on my body. My cock again become errect after doing message on my body she said she said that she also want message & said me to do message.She drop her gown the upper part is totally naked but she wear peticoat. I start message on her back I was totally nude she said me that she has pain in her legs & said me to sit on her legs. I sit on her legs by putting one leg on one side & other is on other side now my touching to her ass while messaging. After some she lay straight & I do message on her front side slowly-2 I do message on her tits the nipple become heard & breath become heavy my cock also touching her pussy.After 5minutes she said do message on her legs I stond up from her legs & on bed she open the thread of peticoat & slip upto her foots.
Now she was only in her penty through which I see her publichair which is come out from side of penty & I see the line between her pussy lips. I start message on her legs & resch close to her pussy the breath become more heavy. When I finish message she said by seen my cock which is 8"in length & said I want to drink milk. I said that I go to kitchen for milk she said I didnot want to drink cow milk then I said do you want to drink your milk she said no then I said which milk you want to drink.She said yours I said "what"& said I didnot have any kind of milk she said you did not know but I know you have milk in your body.You drink my milk & I want to drink your milk. I said "OK". Then I stand up go to kitchen and come with a small glass when I enter in room she laugh at me & said you don't have that much quantity of milk it can drink by sucking that part. Then I said you never allow me to suck your tits you always give me milk in glass.She said now from today you drink milk by sucking my tits.
She take her one tit in hand & said to me for sucking. I take her tit im mouth & start sucking & drink all milk from both tits.After that she said now my turn she take my cock in her hand and folding it than she take it in her mouth I was in 7heaven. I enjoy it very much & she also enjoy.After 4-5minutes I shoot all my cum in her mouth her mouth fill with my cum & she drink it all.She smile & said your milk taste is great & go for bath. This is going on for 3weeks.One day come from market with XXX C-D. When she playing it on C-D player she said do you do my little work I said sure she said do all things with me what a man do with women in this C-D when I see I was shoked.She smile & said please do it this in night with me & go out from room. I see all XXXmovie. In neight she sat beside me, she was too cloze to me that I could hear her breathing . , she was looking soo beautiful I was impatient to touch her . she touched my hair also she said that I had beatiful hair ,as I was talking to her ,she started playing with my hair , then caressed my cheeks, lips and ears with her soft hands. I became speeechless , then she gave me a deep kiss on my lips. My tool which was already errect ,was just to tore my shorts off . it was hard than the hardest rock, she then began to lick my ears I groaned lightly, then she steped away .
I was surprised she then said , now ur turn bachay aaoo or apni bharaas nikalo chalo jaldi karo time nahin hai ,come on!!!! all of my fears and shame vanished ( I don,t know where?) I touched her head and kissed her lips and sucked her tonguefor 10 min.. Then I went down on her neck and then without unbuttoned or removing her kurta I started sucking her boobs. while I was sucking the left one I was cuping the right and same thing I did with the other one . After some time I came to her bely button I entered my tongue in it .She was moaning heavily, at that time she said ( main shart laga sakti hoon kay future main tum chodu master bano gay) after that I touched down on her thighs ( that was also without removing her paijama) then I touched her inner thighs .she was breathing heavily. I slowly laid her down, gave a big pillow under her waist and opened her legs she was already wet , I closely looked and smelt her croath .
She couldn't stand it more and pulled my head towards her cunt I started sucking her cunt ,through the thin red cotton cloth of aunty,s paijama (under which she was wearing nothing) her golden pubic hair were trying hard to come out of it and I was sucking them. She was speaking in the worldly recognised language of sex and lust, ssssss ahhh ummm haaan khuram ahhh umm maza aa gaya ..... aaaaaaaaj zindagi ka ahsaaas ho raha hai aaaaah tum nain mujhay zind kar diaa hai..... My cock was fully errect suddenly she said stop it then I came up again and removed her kurta under which she was wearing a black colored bra . Her brown and swolen nipples could be seen easily I pulled it so rashly that I tore.. I then holded her from waist and lifted her up now she ordered me to relax now she came over me and pullled down my shorts and after having a look of my cock she exitedly said tumhara lund to to such mei bhoot bara hai then she started sucking my cock and balls she was doing it in a rythematic and musical way .
I even never had a dream of that feeling that.She was circling the tip of my prick with her tongue then took it almost five iches of my 8 inchy cock in her mouth ( as also it,s width was good enough ,,she was not able to take it full in ..... ) I was brathing heavily after some time ,i stopped her and said ,"my turn". she smiled her blue eyes were filled with love joy and lust . I tried to remove her paijama , it was very tight from ankle I was too hot that with a powerful pull I tore it , she said "aaram say itni taizi nahin dikhatay bachay dakh tu nain phuddi kay chakar main mera itna mehnga soot tabah karr diya ,, chal maaf kiya aa ab jaldi se charh ja meray upar or dall de apna ye kanwara lund meray andar" I laughed and threw her paijama aside then I very sharply lifted her legs up .....but she hasitated and moaned ,"khuram I have never beed fucked in the ass, will u fuck me hard there ,this is my biggest dream plz ......." I turned her over and placed two pellows under her belly and opened her legs apart then lubricated my dick with her pussy water and also did it with her ass . as I was about to mount over her king size pinkish white ass she said "pagal ho gaya hai kabhi fim main nahin dekha kay gaand kaisay mari jati hai??? aisay tu marr bhi jayay ga to tera lulaa andar nahin jaeyy ga pehlay meri gaand man ungli dall kar isay naram kar phir jo marzi karna iss kay saath . I again turned her over and put my thumb in her ass and also I started licking her pussy I entered my full tounge in it also I was doing a job with the thumb in her ass .
With the other hand I was pinching her breasts one by one ,she became out of control, her body was shivering , her ass and pussy both were so wet and hot when I felt that the pitch is ready to play the cricket match I turned her again ... and under her bally placed two pellows then I rubbed my lulla over her gaand and phuddi , she yeld "dall day andar" and I did as she said . I placed my cock on her ass hole and slowly put it inside her ass hole was so tight that I had to work hard to enter my enourmous cock in her when I started moving too and forth she began to scream ......aaaj phaar dall meri gaand ko iss ,,,,,ahhhhhh zooor say or zoooor say taiz ummmmmmmueeeee ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah a......ummmmmm aaaaaaoooooochhhhhhh yes u FUCK ME LIKE A MACHINE MOTHER FUCKER TEAR MA ASS,ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss ahhhhh I continued for about four minnutes then I came down in the depths of her ass we both were breathing too heavily with in a few minnutes she was ready again and said chal bachay ab meri choot ki baari aaa gai hai isay bhi waisay hi bajaana hai ....... I told her that my cock is not ready right now she gave me a blow job just for one minnute and I was again ready to enter the cunt for the first time in my life I sat on the bed and told her to lay down on the bed in front of me she did as I said then lift her legs up ande placed them on my shourder I parted the lips of her cunt with my finger tips , placed my huge tool on it and with a powerful jurk I entered the joy land .
From the start I was tooo fast she started with moaning then began to yell so loud aaaaah khuram meri jaaan lai lo magar phar do issay haaan aisay orr taiz zooor say haaan aaaaaah uuuuuuuiiiiii ummmmmm ohhhhhh yaaaar haaan haaaan shabash bachaya aaj mujhay kuti ki tarah choda phar do meri phuddi aaj iss ko saza do haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh,,,,,,......... That time I discharged after 10 minnnutes that was in her mouth face and breasts she was too hapy to find a partner like me she told me that her husband has cant stand with her anymore( oh man I wish all my story reader girls could see my wet shorts this time, I dont have my dream aunty with me right now after half an hour i,ll go to her place and repeat it again what happened in our first "conference" ).................. from that day till now I fuck her every neight,she loves my cock and I love her ass