The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments. 

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 22

The Predator

There we all were, sitting in the big living room in my house in Vail, the one Uncle Bert had left
me.  It was the evening of December 23.  I was in my easy chair. Dad was on the couch with
Mom next to him. Andy was on the floor beside me but not between my legs since I wanted that
space available. Her hand slipped under my pants leg to stroke my bare calf. Mary was on the
floor, leaning against the wall.  I knew she had taken that position so she could watch all our faces. 
Abby, Betty and Cathy were perched here and there.

Everyone in the room had been programmed by Uncle Bert to accept instructions from me. And, I
had used my key phrase on all of them to prepare them for what lay ahead. 

Was I in control?  No.  In fact, I was apprehensive about what was going to happen.  Remember,
Mary had said all the kittens had been programmed identically, but I knew that was not correct. 
Uncle Bert had told me Mom was the first person he programmed.  I knew her programming was
more complex because she had been instructed to raise me in a certain manner. And, I knew Cathy
had been the source of disagreement between Uncle Bert and Dad, so I suspected something was
amiss there.

When I had asked Mary about their programming last night, she was unsure, admitting she was not
involved directly in the programming of my family members but only non family members like
Eve. Then, when I put each of them, my sisters and mother, into their trances, I received verbal
and nonverbal signs the programming was having different effects on each of them. 

So, what in the hell was going to happen?  

Ping, ping, ping.  I felt it.  I tried not to look at Cathy but my eyes were drawn to her like iron to a
magnet.  She was staring at me. A fine sweat had erupted on her chin.  Her tongue snaked out to
lick away a droplet of sweat.  I took a deep breath.  I swear I could smell her pussy juices. 

The others were still, as if frozen in time, seemingly unaware of Cathy's pinging, except Mary.
She was staring at me, too, as if she were reading my mind.  

"Well, how was your flight?" I asked.

"It was wonderful," Mom began and the conversation moved to light, family matters such as the
neighborhood we lived in and things at work. Even Cathy's pinging me stopped.   We talked about
Abby and Betty's grades and where Cathy was going to college. Normal things.  Until I asked an
innocent question.

"Mom, what is Dad getting you for Christmas?"

Mom look startled, and her eyes locked onto Dad.  Tension flooded from them. 

"I already have your father's present," she said, never looking away from him.

"Show us, Mom. Come on," Abby chirped. 

"Please, Mom," Betty chipped in.

"Oh, I couldn't."

"Of course you can, Mom. Show us your present," I said.  I did not think about it being a
command to a kitten, but it was. 

Mom's eyes moved around the room, looking at each one of us. Then, in one smooth movement,
she removed her big, bulky sweater, leaving herself naked to the waist.  We all stared at Mom's
breasts which were big, high, firm, and, amazingly, had a small, gold ring through each nipple.

"Breast implants," she said.  "Your father got me breast implants for Christmas. And, nipple
rings."

That is the problem with inheriting kittens rather than making them kittens yourself.  I never knew
how the programming was done, what exactly the words were, what to expect in an unusual
situation.  But, that may be an excuse.  I knew Mom was programmed and the way I said it was an
order. So, it was really my doing as much as Uncle Bert's.  I just did not think about it before I
spoke. Or, did I, reaching some subconscious decision?

Anyone would think that if a mother were to strip to the waist to show her breasts to her children,
someone would have been horrified. It was not a "Brady Bunch" family-type incident. 

"Mother, they are beautiful. May I feel?" Betty asked.  Quickly, all three daughters, and Andy
were examining the implants in their human containers, babbling away like it was a hen party.  Dad
just grinned. Mary was quiet, still watching me. 

"I wanted them so much. After nursing all of you and . . . "  Mother was explaining as if she were
talking about a new dress purchased for a party.

"I think they are even prettier than mine," Cathy said.  She pulled off her top to reveal beautiful,
picture-perfect breasts.  Abby and Betty exchanged glances.  In unison, they were topless. Andy
looked at me for permission. When I nodded acquiescence, she joined the display.  When I looked
at Mary, she shook her head no. I looked away, letting her make the decision.

I wish I could have been inside their brains, knowing what was happening as they chirped and
touched each other, five topless women who had never been topless in front of each other before.
A mother, three daughters and the son's sweetheart all stripped to the waist, comparing breasts,
talking about implants. Jerry Springer would have a field day.  

"What do you think, Davy?  Who has the prettiest breasts?"  Cathy asked the question. As she
spoke, the pinging started again and she was pinging me hard.  All of them turned to face me. 
They waited expectantly for my answer, five lovely faces above ten lovely breasts.

Sweat broke out on my face. For an instant, my eyes unfocused as my head reeled.  Fortunately, I
was trained as a scientist and Uncle Bert had programmed me to think clearly and logically. But,
that damned pinging and all those naked breasts were making it difficult to concentrate. My cock
was about to explode in my pants.   

I mumbled the appropriate words, saying they were all wonderful and so forth. Suddenly, the
pinging stopped.  The conversation turned back to normal things and they returned to their seats
although all five of them stayed topless. Mary refreshed the drinks and brought out more snacks.
Betty helped her. 

I bet Uncle Bert was looking down on us, laughing like crazy at my predicament and hard as a
rock from seeing his kittens bare breasted. I had to smile to myself.  I was glad I had talked my
way out of selecting the prettiest pair. I would have picked Andy but that would have hurt the
others.  Not a good situation. Cathy was a very close second but the others were not far behind. 

Mom was only forty, just four years older than my Mary. As I said, she always had been asexual
to me but seeing her now....  I know Dad looked happier than I had ever seen him. 

I felt the pinging again. Cathy was staring at me, transmitting enough sexual energy to power Vail
for a week.  My cock was begging for her.  My mind was torn.  It wanted Cathy, too, but it was
consciously enjoying the family interplay as subconsciously it worked on the problem of
programming versus natural instincts. 

My cock won out.  Do I detect a pattern here?

"Abby, what are you getting Dad for Christmas?" I asked, interrupting their conversation. 

"Oh, nothing special," she murmured. 

"Betty?"

She did not answer. 

"Why don't both of you give him something very special?  Something a man would really want." 
They knew what I meant.  You could read it in their actions and in the blush that started at their
belly buttons and rose to cover them. 

"Oh, that sounds like a wonderful idea," Mom said.  I am sure that was a direct result of my
programming her to make Dad the best fucked man in LA. Mom stood and extended her hand to
Dad, who stood by her.  They started for the back bedroom.  The twins looked at me for
instructions. 

"Go. Fuck him long and hard," I said.  Abby and Betty followed our parents to the back. 

I extended my hand to Cathy. With a slutty grin, she took it.  As I led her into the bedroom, I
heard Andy and Mary walking behind us. 

I told you Cathy pinged men, any man she wanted to target, just as she had been pinging me. 
Comparing her to a nuclear attack submarine was appropriate.  Cathy was a predator.  Uncle Bert
had seen it from day one, I am sure.  I had seen it several years ago. If she saw a man she wanted,
she went after him.  Sexual energy flowed from her like bullets. 

I instructed Mary and Andy to undress and watch but not participate.  Andy had a sad expression,
like a child being told you are taking her sister to the movies but not her. She was not upset I was
playing with another women.  She was upset she could not play, too.  Mary had that same
inscrutable expression as she began to undress. 

Cathy started to undress me.  As you know, more than one woman has undressed me.  And, I
have enjoyed more than one.  Cathy was different. Mary or Andy or even Eve were loving, soft,
caring, funny, sexy, sensual, or a host of other positive emotions when they stood opposite me,
their fingers busy on my buttons.  Looking into Cathy's eyes were like looking into the eyes of a
tiger.  A hungry tiger.  In the wild, not the zoo.  There was no cage to protect me.  And, all the
while the pinging continued. 

"God, I've wanted to fuck you since I was fourteen, big brother. Do you know how many times I
came home from a date and wanted to get in your bed?"  My shirt was off and she was undoing
my belt. She was sweating profusely, making her slick breasts slide across my bare chest. She
ground her mouth into mine. My pants fell to the floor. She tugged at my boxers. 

"Come on, Davy! Take me!" she demanded, ripping off her slacks.  

I fucked Cathy look and hard. She was magnificent, a well-oiled, well-made fucking machine. I
have never seen a woman sweat as much, soaking the sheets under us. From the first stroke, she
was intense, more intense then most women get only when they are ready to climax.  Her nails dug
into my back, her heels slammed against me like a jockey kicking on his horse. She orgasmed time
and time again, thrusting, arching, her eyes unfocused and wild. Cathy never closed her eyes.  Not
once.  They always were open, letting me see into her soul. 

If I had not programmed myself not to ejaculate, I would have cum a dozen times.  She was that
good. 

The strange part was with each orgasm, she seemed to intensify even more, if that was possible. 
She got no relief. She started to cry, tears of sexual frustration flowing from her beautiful but
swollen eyes. I stopped and pulled out.

"No, damn you, no! Don't stop!"  I slapped her across the face.  Stunned, she stared at me.

"Cathy, this is an order. An order. You will obey me.  You will not orgasm again until I give you
permission. I will count down. Only when I say orgasm, will you orgasm.  Then, you will become
totally relaxed and sleep until you are completely rested."

Frantically, she shook her head affirmatively.

When I jammed into her again, she wrapped around me in desperation. I fucked her, feeling her
tighten, like a spring being twisted to the breaking point. I felt the ache in my ass and legs where
her heels were smashing into me, felt the rip in my back where her nails cut me. She bit into my
shoulder, driving her teeth through my flesh, drawing blood. 

"Five, four, three, two, one, orgasm!"

She screamed as her pussy locked on my cock.  I exploded in her, in self defense to keep from
being crushed by the force of her pussy muscles.  As she fainted, I felt the hot liquid as her bladder
released and she pissed on us.  

As I rolled off her, Andy slipped between her splayed legs. 

"Leave her alone, Andy," I said. 

"Please, Davy. You are my man.  No matter how many women you have, you are always my only
man.  I want my man's cum.  Please. Give me permission.  I do not ask much of you."

I gave permission.  I heard Andy slurping happily as I passed out.

To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com

