Hot Family Next Door
By Perry Jones


	Chapter Seven

	"Hold the elevator," a woman's voice called.  

	Dave quickly pressed the button that stopped the doors from closing.  As they opened again, Dave saw his new neighbor standing there in all her sexy glory.  She was wearing a shiny gold blouse unbuttoned so her tits were visible almost to the nipples.  But even if he couldn't actually see her nipples, he saw the bumps they made on the golden material.  

	Fran also wore a tight pair of shorts, cut high on her thighs.  Dave couldn't help thinking he could stick his finger up her cunt by sticking it into the leg of those shorts.  

	She stepped into the elevator, smiling at Dave.  Her perfume filled the cubicle and aroused Dave further.  

	"Thanks," she said.  "I hate it when I miss the elevator.  I guess I should be more patient."  

	"I hate it, too," Dave said, eager to make conversation.  

	"Your wife came over yesterday," Fran said.  "We had coffee and got to know each other.  Phil and I would like you and Peg to come over some evening for drinks."  

	"We'd love to," Dave said.  

	The elevator reached the parking garage in the basement and both of them stepped out.  Dave felt a powerful attraction to this very beautiful chick and he hated to leave her.  She seemed to feel the same, Dave noticed.  

	"Peg didn't mention that she visited you," Dave said.  

	"She must have forgotten.  Besides, it was just a friendly get-together.  She probably didn't think it was important enough to mention."  

	"Yes, well ..."  Dave struggled to think of something to say as he tried to get a better peek at Fran's tits.  

	She twisted her body back and forth, helping him peek into her blouse and making her tits sway.  She was obviously willing to stand around and talk until Dave managed to say what was on his mind.  

	"Is that your car?"  he asked, pointing to a brand-new red Lincoln.  

	"Yes," Fran said proudly.  "It's very roomy.  It's as comfortable as my bedroom, almost."  

	"Yes, I'll bet you could do almost anything in the back seat," Dave said, playing the game he hoped Fran was playing.  

	"You're right.  I've experimented."  

	Dave cleared his throat.  He began rocking on the balls of his feet.  He was dying to ask Fran to try her back seat out with him.  But he'd been married to Peg for a long time and had never cheated on her.  Not that he didn't want to now-he was shy.  

	Dave felt his chance to fuck her slipping away.  The longer he hesitated, the less courage he had.  Finally, when all hope seemed lost and he was about to say good-bye, Fran spoke.  

	"Dave, why don't you say what's on your mind?"  she said warmly.  

	"I'd love to get into that back seat and fuck you," he said hoarsely, forcing the words out.  

	Fran's pretty face lit up in a devilish smile.  Without saying a word, she walked to her car and opened the back door.  Climbing in, she made herself comfortable on the plush upholstery.  

	Dave watched with mounting excitement.  Then, after glancing around to see if anyone might see, he hurried to join Fran.  He slid into the back seat, closed the door after him, and threw himself into her arms with one fast motion.  

	"Ummm!"  Fran cried as Dave's tongue forced its way into her mouth.  

	As he kissed her, Dave reached for her tits.  What a treat to fill his hands with Fran's big, firm tits!  Not that they felt better than his wife's tits.  But they certainly felt different.  

	After a quick exploration of her monumental tits, Dave unbuttoned her blouse and stuck his hand inside for a more thorough examination.  He measured her tits by stretching his fingers over them and found they were more than a handful.  Then he concentrated on her nipples.  He ran his fingertips around the large areolas and pinched her nipples.  And, while carrying on this examination, he kept his tongue searching Fran's mouth.  

	Dave knew this was a hot chick.  Still, he was surprised to feel her hand groping at his cock-bulge.  He shifted around so she could more easily reach his stiff prick.  She found his fucker and grabbed it where it was pressed against his belly by his pants.  

	Now Dave could try sticking a finger into Fran's shorts to see if he really could finger-fuck her in that sexy garment.  So, as Fran squeezed the bulb of his prick head through his pants, Dave dropped his hand to her thigh.  

	Just feeling the warm and soft skin of Fran's thigh made Dave gasp.  He sent his finger into the leg of her shorts and immediately ran into the cunt hair that fringed her pussy.  Another half-inch brought his finger to her pudgy pussy mound.  It was a tight fit but Dave pressed on.  

	"Mmmmmm!"  Fran moaned as Dave's finger entered her cunt slot.  

	Hot, slippery pussy juice greeted Dave's finger as he fucked it into her cunt.  He hadn't had his finger in any cunt but Peg's for over twenty years.  And while Fran's cunt wasn't much different, Dave found it a hundred times more exciting.  

	But he couldn't reach much beyond that tiny area of Fran's cunt while she wore her shorts.  And the hot, moist depths of her cunt seemed to call for more attention.  

	But Fran was way ahead of him.  She was already unbuttoning her shorts.  Then, as Dave took his face from hers in order to watch, she began pulling them down.  

	It was a struggle to get out of such tight shorts while sitting down.  She wiggled her hips and tugged at her shorts as Dave enjoyed the sight of her bare flesh appearing.  Then, when the top of her glistening pussy hair came into view, he began helping her.  She wasn't wearing undies, Dave saw.  

	"Is this better?"  Fran asked as she swiveled around and lifted her legs over Dave's lap.  Then she arched her back, lifting her ass from the seat.  

	Now Dave was able to get her shorts over her wide hips.  Once they were down to her thighs, they slid easily down her legs.  Dave stared at her pussy as he helped her remove her shorts from around her ankles.  

	Fran dropped her ass back to the seat and relaxed her thighs.  They sagged apart, revealing her pussy gash.  Her velvet cunt lips were parted enough to show Dave the folds of pink cunt flesh within.  

	"You're gorgeous!"  he whispered as his eyes traveled up to her exposed tits and back to her cunt.  

	There was still one button holding her blouse closed around her waist.  Dave opened it, the blouse fell away, and Fran was almost naked.  Only her shoulders were hidden where her blouse remained.  

	Leaning over her, Dave brought his face to her tits and grabbed her cunt.  Sucking her tits, Dave began to feel a rising fuck-lust.  

	Sucking Fran's tits was different than sucking Peg's.  Since his wife's tits sagged, Dave usually had to lift one to his mouth to get at her nipple.  Not so with Fran's solid tits.  Her nipples were thrust forward at the tops of her round tits.  And Dave found that it was a very different experience to rest his face on such firm tits.  

	As for Fran's pussy, it, too, was different from Peg's.  For one thing, her cunt mound was fatter and so her inner cunt lips were deeper in her pussy gash.  

	"Ohhh, Dave!"  Fran sighed as her cunt was spread wide by Dave's fingers.  

	He fucked a finger up Fran's cunt and discovered another difference.  Fran's cunt was tighter than Peg's.  

	Dave lifted his face from Fran's tits, leaving them wet with his saliva.  Only a more tasty treat could make him abandon those mounds of softness.  

	"I've got to eat your sweet pussy!"  Dave gasped as he moved down the seat toward Fran's feet.  

	She moved up and spread her legs.  She lifted one to the top of the seat and dropped the other to the floor.  Her cunt gaped as Dave brought his face to it.  

	As he stuck out his tongue, he breathed deeply through his nose, enjoying the hot odor of Fran's delicious pussy juice.  Then his tongue began sliding up and down the length of her cunt gash, forcing her pussy lips to part.  Next he fucked his tongue up her cunt.  

	He fucked his tongue as far as he could up her pussy and let his teeth press against her clit and hairy cunt mound.  

	"Urammm!"  Fran moaned in satisfaction.  "That's sooo good!"  

	Spurred on by Fran's encouraging words, Dave fucked her with his tongue for all he was worth!  By the time he took his tongue out of her cunt, his whole face was wet with pussy juice.  

	Dave resumed licking her cunt gash.  His tongue protruded from his mouth and he wiped it over Fran's parted cunt lips, bearing down to make her cry out with pleasure.  

	"Make me come!"  she gasped.  "Suck my clit!"  

	Dave grabbed her clit between his teeth and began sucking.  He pressed his tongue to that seat of feminine sexual ecstasy and lashed it while tugging at it with his teeth and lips.  

	"Ahhhhh!"  Fran cried with a harsh, hoarse explosion of breath.  

	Threading her fingers through Dave's hair, Fran grabbed handfuls of it and held on.  Her body began bucking with spasms of rapture, knocking her pubic bone into Dave's nose as he ate her pussy.  But he kept her clit in his mouth and continued sending jolts of joy through Fran's body.  

	"Eeeeeeee!"  Fran shrieked as her orgasm consumed her.  

	Dave was amazed at her shrill voice ringing out.  Apparently, she didn't care who might hear.  One look at the Lincoln with a woman's foot kicking high over the back seat would make it clear to anyone what was going on.  But Dave was too preoccupied to care.  

	When she stopped screaming, Dave lifted his wet face from her cunt.  Fran had stopped shaking and bucking.  Now she lay with a broad smile on her face.  

	"What a terrific orgasm!  You really made me come!"  she said.  "Now it's your turn."  

	She sat up as Dave climbed up from the floor where he'd been squeezed between the back of the front seat and Fran's cunt.  She leaned over his lap and quickly unfastened his pants.  She soon had his hard cock bared and standing at attention.  

	"What a nice fat prick," Fran said in a diabolical voice.  

	First, she moved her hands over his cock appreciatively, stroking its head and caressing its shaft.  

	Sitting up, Dave could look out through the windshield at the cars parked around them.  He felt Fran's hot breath on his prick as she bent over it.  Then he saw her head descend and felt his prick head enveloped in her hot mouth.  

	"Ahhh!"  he cried, tensing his hips and thighs.  

	He widened his eyes as he kept a lookout for anyone who might come along.  He saw the elevator door open and, sinking lower in the seat, saw Peg step out of it.  

	"Oh, my God!"  he gasped, and he tried to sink out of sight.  

	His prick was pulled from Fran's mouth as he snuggled down out of sight.  

	"What?"  

	"Shhhhh!  It's my wife," he whispered.  

	"Oh," Fran said as though they were merely having a casual conversation.  "Let's-" 

	But Fran's words were cut off by Dave's hand which he pressed over her mouth.  Until he heard Peg start her car and drive off, Dave held Fran's mouth and cowered behind the front seat.  

	"She might have heard you!"  Dave said to Fran, releasing her.  

	"So what?  Oh, I get it," Fran said.  "She doesn't allow you to make it with other chicks."  

	"Of course not!  Who ever heard of such a thing?"  

	"Phil and I give each other total freedom," Fran said.  "And I guess I expect other people to have the same freedom.  I was going to suggest that we invite Peg to join us."  

	"Join us?  My God!"  

	"Well, I don't think we should continue-if your wife wouldn't like it," Fran said.  "After all, she and I are becoming good friends."  

	"Are you kidding?"  Dave asked, amazed at Fran's reasoning.  "You can't leave me hot like this.  I'll explode!"  

	"Oh, all right," Fran said.  "But never again.  I'm no home-wrecker."  

	With that she ducked her head to Dave's lap again.  She took his prick into her mouth and continued sucking.  

	Dave was dazed-both from spotting Peg and from hearing Fran's philosophy of infidelity.  But with Fran's mouth sliding up and down on his prick, he soon forgot everything but the pleasure.  

	Fran was a wonderfully talented cock-sucker.  Dave wondered if she placed her tit on his thigh on purpose to increase his excitement-he thought she did, and it worked.  The way she crammed her hand between his thighs to cup his balls in her hand was exciting, too.  

	Peg was good at sucking his prick.  But Fran was better!  The way she slowly lifted and lowered her head, fucking his prick deep into her throat and wiggling her tongue around under his prick-knob was sensational!  

	"Ohhhhh!"  Dave sighed with delirious pleasure, letting his head loll back on the seat.  

	Clearly, Fran was going to make this a long, leisurely blow-job.  This wasn't a typical back-seat quickie.  This was a master cock-sucker at work!  

	Gauging Dave's passion by the way he moaned and tensed his muscles, Fran eased up on his prick when she thought he was nearing an orgasm.  She even lifted her mouth from his prick at one point to let him cool down.  As Dave squirmed with ecstasy, Fran gave his fat cockhead quick licks.  

	When her instincts told her to, Fran began sucking again.  Vigorously, she fucked her throat down on Dave's pulsing prick.  

	"Ohhhhh!  Ohhhhh!"  Dave groaned with every breath now, intoxicated with fuck-lust.  

	He was amazed at Fran's skill.  She knew how to raise him to blinding rapture and keep him there.  He thought he would go crazy with an overdose of passion unless he came soon!  

	But Fran still alternated eager sucking with cooling-off periods.  Dave could take no more.  

	"Suck me!"  he begged as he jerked his hips, stabbing his prick into Fran's throat.  

	Fran wasn't a tease.  She wanted to give Dave the greatest orgasm of his life.  So she tightened her grip on his prick with her mouth, fucking his cock between her tightened lips.  

	"Ahhhhh!"  he cried as his body stiffened.  

	Jism surged through his prick with electric spasms of intense pleasure.  This was an orgasm to remember!  

	Fran seemed to know how to make an orgasm last.  Dave's prick kept spewing jism into her mouth, he kept writhing on the seat, and ecstasy kept raging through him for an astonishingly long, time.  

	When Dave finally went limp, drained of strength from the overload his climax had put on his brain, Fran calmly licked all the jism from his prick.  Then she sat up and licked her lips.  

	"I love jism!"  she announced.  "But you're a naughty man.  No more fun behind Peg's back!"  

	"But .  .  .  but ..."  Dave protested, too weak to speak.  

	"If you want to play more with me, you'll have to bring Peg along."  "Bring .  .  .  what?"  

	"That's right!"  Fran said.  "Bring Peg along.  Either for Phil to fuck or for the three of us to fuck together.  Now help me get your pants up.  I've got to be at the beauty shop by ten."  

	Feeling chastised, Dave pulled his pants up and fastened them with Fran's help.  Then he said goodbye to her and staggered to his own car.  

	As he drove to work, Dave thought about what Fran had said.  He felt renewed lust as he imagined Peg and Fran together with him in bed.  In his mind, Dave played all sorts of kinky games with the two chicks.  His prick was stiff again as he wondered what his chances were of seducing Peg into a threesome with Fran.  He didn't think his chances were good.  

	Little did Dave know how easy it would soon become!  


To Be Continued
