At Home Show
by Showife

Throughout the years I've found many opportunities to show off my wife's body. The types of exposure have varied from a quick flash to total nudity. However, all of these experiences have been when there's some kind of boundary, or distance between her and whoever is looking. The most common exposure has been while riding in the car, or through open windows. However, I wanted something more close up so just about every year, when she asks what I'd like for a birthday present, I've asked her to get totally nude in front of some other men for me.

After my continual begging she finally began to ask how it could be done, and to whom would she be exposing herself. She seemed to be afraid to expose herself to someone that she might see later on. Finally she agreed to go through with it if I could figure out a way she wouldn't ever have to know who it was that was seeing her naked. After some more discussion we finally settled on a plan that would have her wear a mask through the whole event so she wouldn't see any of the men who would be watching her.

She was still very nervous about it all, and it took a few more months before she finally let me go ahead and set it up. I didn't have any problem finding volunteers for the evening. The first four men I asked all eagerly said they'd like to be part of this. Three of them hadn't met her, but the other guy was a friend that didn't live far too from us. He and I had talked many times about showing and looking at each others wives, and had even traded a few nude pictures of our wives.

When the night finally arrived Sam was really quite nervous, but said she was willing to go through with it as long as it was what I really wanted from her. She was waiting in the bedroom upstairs as the guys arrived and settled into the living room. Since she was going to be wearing a blindfold the whole evening one of the guys brought his video camera along, at my request, and set it on a tripod to record the evening without her knowledge.

We put on some rather loud music to cover up the voices, and as the guys settled in I went upstairs to lead Sam down. She was sitting on the bed with the blindfold already in place by the time I got upstairs. All she asked was how many are there, and when I asked if she was ready she only nodded yes. I took her hand and lead her downstairs and into the living room. I felt that her hand was trembling, but she followed without any resistance. Once we reached the spot on which the camera was focused I stopped and moved around behind her.

This seemed to be an awkward time, not knowing what to do next, or how to go about taking off her clothes. For a few moments I simply stood behind her and hugged her. This seemed to calm her down a bit so I reached up and unfastened the top button on her blouse. I could hardly believe what was going to happen, finally my wish, my dream of many years, was going to come true. I really had to hold myself back to not just tear off her clothes, but to make this last more than a few minutes.

As slowly as possible I unbuttoned her blouse, and then slid it off her shoulders and tossed it to the side. She was wearing a black lace bra that gave a nice preview look of her breasts to the guys. I held her for a little while longer, kissing her and rubbing her breasts through the material, until her nipples became hard enough to push out the fabric.

Next came her skirt, there was almost no way to do this slowly since it was only one button and a zipper. As soon as the zipper was down the skirt fell to the floor around her ankles showing off her sheer black lace panties. She quickly stepped out of it and kicked it to the side. Although she was now standing in front of four men in her sheer lace underwear she still felt covered up since nothing "private" was showing.

I continued to hug and kiss her for a few more minutes as I rubbed her body both though, and inside of, her underwear. I was trying to give the guys some peaks at her nipples and pussy, and they were closely watching. Sooner or later I figured I'd better get on with the show so I unhooked her bra. As soon as the clasp let go she straightened up, crossed her arms, and got very stiff. I slide the straps down to her elbows, but since she had her arms crossed the bra cups still covered her breasts. I finally had to unfold her arms and move them to her sides.

While doing this her bra slowly slid down and fell on the floor. She instinctively lifted her arms to cover herself, but stopped since she knew I wanted to expose her. She was having a hard time knowing what to do with her arms, but eventually just held them at her sides so her breasts were totally exposed to the men.

I kept whispering in her ear how proud I was of her, and how great she looked. Since I was standing behind her I began to play with her breasts and roll her nipples into hard little points. Some of the guys also began to compliment her on how good she looked and she seemed to relax enough so I could take off her last piece of clothing. As I began to slide her panties down I continued to tell her how happy I was that she was doing this for me, how great she looked, and how proud I was that she could go through with this and be totally nude in front of these guys. Once her panties reached the floor she quickly stepped out of them.

Now she was completely naked, totally exposed to four men, sitting just a few feet away from her, in our living room. Once again she seemed to get nervous so I turned her around to face me for awhile as I continued to hug and kiss her and tell her how great she was doing. This also gave the guys a good opportunity to check out her ass. She seemed to regain her composure a little bit so I once again turned her to face the men. I spent a few minutes rubbing her pussy, breasts and pulling her nipples, all of which seemed to encourage her, and excite the men. She still didn't know what to do with her hands, it seemed like she wanted to keep covering herself up, so I eventually folded them across her stomach.

By now it had been almost an hour since she had entered the room fully clothed, and about 15 minutes of totally nudity had passed. Since everything was going so well I leaned over to whisper in her ear that Iwanted her to let the men touch her body now. She didn't really get a chance to say much, just a weak "oh" as I pushed her over to stand in front of the closest guy. He immediately began to grope her body as I stood behind her hugging her. She flinched when he began to suck on her hard nipple, but couldn't go anywhere. Almost as quickly as he had started on her nipple one of the others jumped up and began to lick and suck on her other breast.

At this point I stepped back and allowed my neighbor friend to come in behind her. He started to kiss her neck and through his pants began rubbing his hard erection on her ass. Not wanting to be left out of the action the last guy got down in front of her and somehow managed to get her legs far enough apart to start licking her pussy. I don't think she could tell who's hands were where, or even if I was part of what was going on. I was really enjoying watching my wife get worked over by these four guys, it seemed like every inch of her body was getting attention from somebody's hands or mouth. I was beginning to wonder if she would have an orgasm, fall to the floor in a nervous heap, or perhaps even turn and try to run away.

After a few minutes of this non-stop groping and sucking my neighbor stepped back a little and quickly let his pants drop to the floor. Although Sam was still blindfolded I think she suspected something was going on before his cock came into contact with her bare ass. Once again she started to look uncomfortable, and looked like she wanted to cover herself up with her hands, but all her private areas were occupied with someone's mouth or hand. I was beginning to wonder where this might go, I wouldn't let them rape her, but I certainly was going to let it go as far as she was willing.

It didn't take long before all of the guys had dropped their pants, and one of them had even managed to catch one of her nervous hands and get it wrapped around his cock. To my surprise she actually began pumping his cock in time to my neighbor's cock rubbing on her ass. Just about this time another cock was placed in her other hand and I saw my neighbor stiffen up and shoot his load of cum into the crack of her ass.

He held on tightly to her hips until he was finished and when he released her she started to wobble a little as she began to have an orgasm from the man sucking and licking her pussy. While she twitched, and pressed her pussy against his mouth, she stopped the hand jobs she had been giving. When she had finished he let go of her ass and moved back from her pussy. She seemed to almost "involuntarily" slide down to the floor on her knees to relax.

She still had a hand on each of the cocks, only now she was down on a level with them. I knew that she hadn't realized what this would do to her, but as soon as she began to pump their cocks again I saw that she was going to get a cum bath. It wasn't long before it happened, and as soon as one of the cocks began to shoot it's load at the side of her head she quickly turned away. However, this only set her up to catch the full load from the other cock directly in the face. She once again turned away, but by now her face, shoulders and hair were quite covered with cum that began to slowly run down to the rest of her body. She was a mess, but was still holding on to both of the cocks when I leaned over and suggested that she should return the favor to the man who had gotten her off orally.

She didn't answer me, but simply nodded her head, and as he placed his cock against her lips she opened her mouth and took it in. Now, she's never had any type of sex with another person before, so this was a new experience for everyone involved. I moved the video camera around so I could zoom in on her cum covered face as she sucked a strange man's cock. Although she didn't seem to participate very willingly it wasn't long before he grabbed the back of her head and shoved his cock deep into her mouth. She started to gag and choke as his load of cum was deposited far back in her mouth. He kept his cock rammed into her mouth as long as possible, and when he finally pulled it out a long string on cum slid out of her mouth and down her chin unto her breasts.

Sam didn't say anything and didn't move; but simply stayed kneeling on the floor. I think that she was expecting someone else to step up and use her mouth, but no one was ready so as I helped her up and led her into the bathroom to wash up I told the guys to let themselves out.


At Home Show - The Second Time

In Person Show; Round Two

Three months had gone by since Sam agreed to do the at home show for 4 guys. If you'd like you can go back and read about it before you read this story, but that isn't necessary.

During those months hardly a week went by without Sam asking me for some more details about that evening. It was pretty common for her to blurt out someone's name and then ask me "was he one of the guys?" I offered several times to tell her who they were and a couple of times even gave her the names of men that she knew from work or the neighborhood. All of this was done in an effort to keep the guys identity a secret from her.

Finally one night she wrote down a list of 4 names and handed them to me with the exclamation that "these must be the guys." Of course since she didn't know 3 of the previous men her list wasn't even close. Except she did have the one person who did know her on the list.

I asked her to explain why she'd chosen these 4 names and she mentioned that a couple of them, including our neighbor who was at the first show, keep looking at her like they knew what she looked like without any clothing. After some questioning she finally admitted the the other two were a couple of good looking guys and she wouldn't have minded if they had been included.

Over the next few months I finally told her that when she was stripped for the guys she'd never met three of the men, and that only one of them had been on any of the lists that she'd guessed. I also let her know that since the event two of those who were involved had since been introduced to her. I also reminded her that all of the guys wanted to know when we could do it again.

Finally, almost a whole year later Sam asked me if I would like to do it again. I really think that she was looking forward to being the center of attention one more time, but couldn't bring herself to be the instigator. I told her that I'd set it up as soon as possible and would get back to her. We discussed just what she would be expected to do, and what we would not allow and after we'd set the ground rules I went off to make some phone calls.

It didn't take long for to track down the same 4 guys, and all of them were ready to come over immediately, but instead we set up a date for Friday night, just a couple days from now. Unfortunately one of them called the next day and had to cancel so that gave me the idea to call the 2 guys who she had previously hoped were part of the first event. After just a little explanation they both agreed to come over Friday evening.

When I told Sam that we were all set she was kind of surprised, and then when I told her it would be Friday she started to panic about not knowing what to wear, was the house clean enough for visitors and a list of small questions to take her mind away from what was really going to happen.

As you might imagine Friday seemed to take forever to arrive, and at the same time the days flew by. Sam was upstairs in the bedroom waiting as the guys started to arrive. I explained to them what was going to happen, how we would take time to enjoy the exposure and after she was nude what could they expect. They all agreed and settled into to wait.

I went up to get Sam and she was nervously sitting on the bed waiting. I asked if she was ready and after taking a deep breath just nodded yes. I slipped her blindfold over her head and took her by the hand to lead her down the stairs. We slowly walked down the steps and then around the corner into the living room. Previously the guys had been laughing and joking but when Sam came into view every one went quiet.

Those who were at her first show were probably expecting her to be completely dressed like the last time, and the new comers were perhaps just surprised as Sam came around the corner in a black rather sheer lace teddy with a g-string, and fish net stockings. I brought her into the center of the room and then backed away so everyone would have a clear view.

I asked Sam to turn around slowly and as she moved a little she seemed to get more comfortable and dropped her arms to her sides. After a few minutes of us admiring her lingerie clad body I explained how tonight would work. With each piece, or each part of clothing to be removed we would first draw cards. The man with the highest card would be the winner and he would get to remove her clothing as I had them listed on a piece of paper. After a few minutes we would then move on to the next item on the list.

After a mad scramble for the deck of cards one of the new guys was the winner and I instructed him to take the scissors from the table and cut off her G-string. He almost yelled out, but the rules were for them to keep quiet. He quickly took the scissors and cut both the side elastic on each leg. I told him to cut the back too and then wait a minute. After he was done we all watched as Sam once again turned around to face each of the guys with the remains or her G-string barely hanging on. After she'd turned a complete circle I asked him to finish taking it off and when it did he quickly put it in his pocket.

We then took a couple of minutes to admire her recently exposed and freshly shaved pussy. Even though they were not supposed to say anything a couple of the guys commented about how great she looked, and how they'd like to get a hold of her pussy. After Sam heard a couple of the comments and a whistle or two she tried to cover her pussy with her hands but as soon as I asked to her move her hands to the side she quickly did so.

The next round of cards was dealt and my neighbor was the winner so I handed him the scissors and told him to carefully cut the bra cup out of her teddy. I was a bit surprised at how careful and neat he was. When he finished he stepped back to admire his work and look Sam over. Each of her little titties were now framed with a black triangle of elastic lace. This time as Sam turned for all the guys to have a look she stepped a bit closer to each of them and as I instructed her she let each of them feel her little tits and pull on her nipples.

Since she already had her panties cut off Sam was now completely exposed to the 5 men. I knew that they would like the results of the next hand of cards and had them deal them out. This time the winner was one of the guys who had been here the first time, but it was someone that she still did not know. I think he was expecting me to tell him to cut off more of her clothing as he had already picked up the scissors and was waiting.

I then told the guys that this would be the end of taking off her clothes. Sam had been feeling a bit unhappy about her body lately and she wanted to keep her tummy covered so she felt more attractive. I tried to convince her that the guys wouldn't notice her tummy if her titties and pussy were bare, but it was the compromise we'd agreed on.

Instead of taking off more of her clothes this time the winner would get to enjoy her body for 2 minutes. He could feel her up any way that he wanted that did not include penetration by any thing other than his fingers. It didn't' take him long to move over in front of Sam and as he started to suck on her nipples he almost immediately started to slide a couple of fingers in and out of her pussy. He kept going back and forth between her little tits and he continued to plunge his fingers into her. When the time was up he quickly backed up and sat back down.

By now everyone was wondering what was next so the cards were dealt and the neighbor was the winner again. By this time Sam was tired of standing so I skipped ahead a bit and asked her do lay down across the recliner, but keep her feet on the floor. She knew was was going to happen next, but the guys were surprised when I said this time you have to give her oral sex, but don't finish the job, no orgasm yet for Sam.

We watched as he quickly buried his face in her naked pussy and start to lick and suck for all he was worth. Sam was doing her best to both enjoy the oral sex, but not have an orgasm either and after several minutes waved her hand at me for him to stop.

She stayed where she was and it was obvious to everyone that she was very turned on by now as she made no effort to cover herself up, but just lay still with her freshly licked pussy spread wide open for everyone to see. I grabbed the deck of cards and dealt them out again. As the winner moved over towards Sam he looked and me and waited for instructions.

I told them to line up in order of high card to low card, and if they were interested in participating in the next part they might want to drop their pants. It took only seconds before all of the men were either naked, or had at least dropped their pants around their ankles.

I told them all that this time Sam was going to go down the line, from the lowest card to the highest and suck their cocks. Each time she moved down to the next man she would give him an extra 10 seconds worth of blow job. The first guy would start with 30 seconds and I would be the timer. When I told them if they were able to cum during their allotted time of Sam sucking their cock to go ahead as she would be ready for anything.

By now Sam had moved over to the footstool and was sitting waiting for the first guy to stand in front of her. As soon as he was in front of her and his cock touched her lips she opened up and sucked him in. She worked his cock for everything she could and he was getting definitely enjoying himself right up until I yelled "times up" and she pulled away.

The second guy, one of our previous guests, had been stroking himself hard as he watched Sam suck the first cock. I think he was determined to not last the 40 seconds that he was allowed. As soon as his cock touched her lips Sam once again sucked the cock and started to pump it with one hand and suck with all her power. I knew that his strategy was going to work and Sam was giving it her best when at less than 30 seconds he started to fill her mouth with cum. She did her best to hold it all in her mouth, but couldn't hold his whole load and it started to run out the corners of her mouth and down her chin. The held that position for a bit longer, but when time was up she pulled away from him.

She didn't have time to even swallow as the next guy stepped up in front of her and placed his cock against her lips. Her mouth was still full of cum as she sucked in his cock. She was face fucking his cock with her mouth as she let the previous guys cum spill out of every time he pulled back. By now her lower face was covered in cum and I didn't think that anyone could take what she was doing without filling her mouth again but all of a sudden time was up.

The next guy up was the neighbor who had previously enjoyed Sam at the first show. He had also been pumping his cock and I could tell that he wasn't going to let his time go by without filling her mouth with his cum. When he stepped in front of her she once again sucked in his cock like she was waiting to be fed. She quickly started to pump his cock and plunge his cock in and out of her mouth. I could tell that he had something else in mind as he held her hand as she worked his cock.

It didn't take long and he let go his first spurt of cum into her mouth, but then he squeezed himself off and pulled his cock out of her mouth and let the remainder of his cum coat her already slippery face. He held her hand and moved it around so that she was rubbing his cum onto her own face.

This left just one more guy. He let Sam catch her breath and when he stepped up in front of her she grabbed his cock and quickly started to suck. She really was doing her best to make him cum, and he was doing his best to make it last as long as possible. Since he was the last man to have his cock sucked, and the winner of the last hand, I had put down the timer and let them go at it. He took longer than the others but it wasn't long before he grabbed the back of her head and held her still as he shoved his cock into her throat. Sam was coughing and spitting as he let go but she didn't say anything.

As I looked around the room all the guys were rather limp. The only one who had not had a blow job had taken the time to make himself cum. He probably wished he hadn't when I told them the last event for the night. Sam had now moved down to the floor and had spread out her legs to expose her pussy. I told the men that the first one to get hard would get to fuck her right now and that there would be no seconds.

Sam was to be the judge of who was hard enough, and they had just one minute to get hard enough for her to judge. A couple of the guys, including the neighbor didn't even try, but after just 30 seconds it was obvious that there would only be one guy who would be hard enough to be able to give her a good fucking. If she only knew that it was one of the guys she'd previously thought was "cute" she would have been pleased. I called a stop before the minute was up and just waved him over to where Sam was waiting.

She reached up and grabbed his cock and was satisfied that he was hard enough, she also correctly guessed that he was the third cock that she had previously sucked.

We all sat around and watched and he climbed on top of Sam and in a one quick move pushed his cock all the way in. I knew that she was close to having an orgasm, but didn't know how long he might last his second time around. He had no problem out lasting her and within a couple minutes she gasped and tried to hold him still. However he just kept on fucking her cunt as hard, fast and deep as he could.

Sam doesn't usually have more than one orgasm, but after all the excitement of the evening, and given her new lovers stamina she was soon having a second orgasm and as she wrapped her legs around his thighs he pushed and grunted and ground into her as had as he could while he filled her pussy with cum.

Too bad Sam wasn't willing to take on more as by now there were more than guys with hard cocks ready to go. After asking Sam if she wanted to get fucked some more she shook her head no and the guys got dressed and left. When the last one was gone she peeled off her sticky mask and asked me if I wanted "sloppy seconds?" How could I resist?

