I am an exhibitionist and my boyfriend doesn't know
by alexii97

My name is Alessia and I am twenty-three years old from Italy. Ever since I was in high school I had understood that I was a little bit exhibitionist. I loved wearing low-cut tops and I felt quite horny when the teachers looked at me, also because my class was mostly made up of girls and homosexuals, so that was my only satisfaction. I knew the feeling was there, but I had never really fed it.
After high school I moved to Turin where for budget reasons I lived with three boys and another girl. Here my exhibitionism started coming out more and more. At the beginning, when there were only the boys at home I often made sure that when I bent down you could see my thong or my ass and sometimes it happened that by 'mistake' I was braless with only a t-shirt, sometimes low-cut to the point that you could see my nipples, which they pointed out to me a couple of times. 
This went on until the new roommate arrived, the guy who would soon become my boyfriend. After a short time we decided to move from that house as it was a bit cramped and we went on to live on our own. He was very jealous and would go crazy if I went out with something revealing or when I joked that some guy might look at me. For two years I contained my desire to expose myself for his sake and because I knew it bothered him.
Until we go on vacation to Ibiza.
As many of you probably know, Ibiza is the home of topless where many girls decide to take their bikinis off to sunbath, a bit for freedom and a bit, let's face it, to be looked at. So I tease my boyfriend a couple of times telling him that I would take my top off, but that just annoys him and puts him in a bad mood. For me, looking at other girls with my breasts out and knowing that I could easily take my top off was frustrating, but by now I had lost hope.
The fourth day we were in Ibiza, we sat together by the shore and he playfully throws sand all over me. I tell him that to clean myself I have to take off my top, so he tells me to go in the water and don't let anyone see, easy. I obey, I enter the water and move away a little where there is no one so that I can rinse myself while he is still sitting by the shore. I take off my bikini top and I realize that there are two guys next to me, placed so that if I turn around a little they can glimpse something. I notice that my boyfriend is busy with his phone and slowly rise with my breasts out of the water, with my nipples hard, a little from the cold a little from being aroused, I put my tits towards the two guys, who promptly look. No one other than my boyfriends had ever looked at my boobs, the feeling was incredible. So I spend another thirty seconds taking the sand off my tits and then I decide to get out of the water and go back to my boyfriend who hadn't noticed anything.
We go back to our spot, and I was still thinking about what had just happened and I realize that there are three guys in front of us, and I was so horny that I wanted to show my tits to them too. My boyfriend has very fair skin and can't stay in the sun too much so he asks me to go back to the hotel, also because he had a business call, to which I tell him, "we paid all day I would like to stay a little longer here if you don't mind?" He tells me yes, what would I go back to the hotel for if he had to be on the phone?
So he leaves and I knew it was my chance. I was very tense and I knew I was doing something wrong, but I was too horny so I lay on my stomach and undid my bra while I decided what to do, then I turned around lying down on my back and wearing sunglasses to see if the three guys in front were looking at my tits.
It was an incredible feeling, I was soaked and so horny seeing those three guys in front of me staring at my tits. I was a little ashamed to be honest and I was tempted to cover up and go back to the hotel, but I decided to take advantage of the unique opportunity and I put my back straight and my breasts straight so they could see them properly.
As soon as I do this, two PRs also stopped by to try to sell me tickets for the evening, obviously with their eyes fixed on my tits, with whom I happily talked for twenty minutes more and less. At this point I decided to go all-in, I was very horny and I knew that such an opportunity would not happen to me for a while.
After topless in the water I went for a walk, making sure the whole beach had seen my boobs and then I went back to the umbrella to leave. My swimsuit was still wet and as usual I prepared to change in the dressing rooms and had an idea; the last crazy idea. I had seen it from a couple of girls on the days before, which my boyfriend also commented on in a way that bothered me. I waited until the three boys were all back to the umbrella and I put on my white T-shirt to cover my boobs, and I remove the wet bikini bottom and stand with my naked ass towards them. The thong was in the bag and without planning it I bent down to get it, taking a while to find them while they looked at my ass and pussy for a good thirty seconds. I put on my thong, skirt and bra and finally went back to the hotel.
My boyfriend obviously didn't suspect anything and still doesn't know anything about the most exciting day of my life. From that day I have continued to feed my exhibitionist when I could, he still doesn't know or suspect anything. This is as far as I go, I don't cheat and I am faitful, but god I love to be looked at!
 