Ed finally gets Charisma alone.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Perry, Chapter 8 (MF, mc, nc, parody, preg, ScFi)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's Note: All characters are 18 years and older.

---

"Doctor Lintrell?"

The brown-haired woman looked up from her desk and lowered her cats-eye glasses. "Yes? Do we have an appointment?"

The short woman and tall man, both dressed in dark suits and also brown-haired, stepped into the office. The woman pulled out her identification. "You called us, Doctor. Agents Kelly and Smolder, Homeland Security."

"Oh, yes, please close the door and have a seat. I wouldn't have called, but since the incident, I've been having nightmares -- flashbacks?"

The agents sat. The man, Smolder, leaned forward, looking skeptical. "About a large blue penis?"

The doctor flushed. "I thought it was nothing, but a week ago I missed my period, and I haven't had sex with anyone...well, anyone I remember, anyway. I tested myself and...I'm pregnant. The blue penis keeps popping up in my dreams, so I think someone hypnotized me, not that I used to believe in hypnosis, but..." She reached into her desk. "...then I found this." She held out a piece of paper.

Kelly read it and then handed the paper to her partner. On it was the date from three weeks previous, some scribblings about a "John Smith", an unspecified problem with his penis, and the last thing written was, "BLUE!"

"I don't remember writing that, agents, but it's definitely my handwriting."

Smolder took a picture of the note with his phone and handed it back to the doctor. "John Smith, huh?"

She looked nettled. "Obviously a fake name...I expect that he was embarrassed about his penis."

Kelly nodded. "And you can't remember anything about this man, other than that?"

Doctor Lintrell shook her head. "I'm sorry...my staff didn't even remember him. One thought that he might have had brown hair?"

Smolder stood up. "Brown hair? We'll have this solved by lunch! Thanks, Doctor Lintrell." Then he turned on his heel and stomped out of the room.

"I'm sorry for my partner," Kelly said. "He's a bit of a skeptic."

The doctor nodded. "You said you were Homeland Security? I called the local police."

Kelly got to her feet. "We believe that this could be far bigger than a local issue." She drew closer and whispered, "Aliens."

The doctor looked at her blankly. "You think 'John Smith' is Mexican?"

Kelly frowned and sighed. "Something like that. We'll be in touch, Doctor."

---

Spring Break was over, and Ed was back in school. He was definitely not going to miss his chance at getting Charisma alone this time! When she asked the teacher if she could go to the washroom, Ed did the same a few minutes later.

He caught the gorgeous blonde just as she was heading back to class. "Hey, Charisma! Can I talk to you?"

"You are talking to me," she replied dismissively, not stopping.

"I mean alone!"

She paused and turned to him. "What for?"

"I...I have to show you something...you'll really love it!"

"I've heard THAT before..." Then she looked thoughtful, "though they were right. Okay, come on." She pulled Ed back into the women's washroom. "Well?"

"Just a sec," Ed said. He turned his back to her and let Perry out through his zipper before whirling back around. "Ta da!" he cried with a flourish.

"Oh," Charisma responded as she beheld his large blue alien penis.

Ed paused. "Oh?"

Charisma pulled her skirt up, surprising him. "Yeah, I already got one of those. Blue dick buddies!" She held out her fist.

Ed was unable to tear his eyes away from the 4" blue penis hanging between her legs.

"Oh, c'mon! Don't leave me hangin'!"

Ed slowly raised his arm and gave her the saddest fist bump ever.

"Okay, seeya!" Then she was gone, leaving Ed standing alone in the girls' washroom.

*Soooo...I guess we have something to discuss, Ed.* Perry said in his mind. *Sorry, buddy, one of my drones got into her over the holiday.*

"Drones?"

*Yeah...well, all that sex we've been having? It's been allowing me to 'spread my seed', so to speak. You know how you have one blue ball and one regular one? The blue one's mine, and it's been making drones; copies of me.*

Ed's mind was overloading. Everyone he had sex with? "Muh...my Mom too?"

*Oh, she's been great, just going to town on the locals, and then with her own sister...so hot!*

"Aunt Erin?!"

Just then the door opened and a pretty redheaded senior walked in. "Hey! What are you doing inn...heeeere..." Her mind shut down as she saw Perry dancing in front of her, and she pulled her shirt off, revealing nice palm-sized breasts covered by a pink bra.

*Time to have some fun, Ed!*

"But...no..." Ed felt his body flush with desire for this young woman, Perry leading the way as he advanced on her.

She pulled her skirt and pink panties down and then bent over the sink counter, presenting her puffy, rapidly moistening pussy to him.

"Perry...I don't wanna..." But Ed took a hold of the teenaged beauty's rounded hips and felt Perry slither inside her sultry vagina. "...ohh...noo..."

*Hey, Ed, this one's fertile,* Perry advised him, noticing the telltale mucus as he slipped deeper inside. *You want me to let Pinky get all up in her?*

Ed started to thrust. It was feeling really good. His mind seemed to be floating, strangely unconcerned about what was happening. "Pinky?"

*That's what I named your remaining testicle. I can make my stuff shoot into her, or yours. Lemme know which when we get closer, huh?*

"I...umm..." Ed unfastened the girl's bra, and her B-cups swung forward. His hands engulfed them, squeezing gently and making the mesmerized beauty gasp as he thrust into her.

"Uh-huhh..." she moaned as Ed started to tweak her wide nipples.

He felt her pussy gripping him tightly. It was feeling really good now...

*Time to choose, Ed! Pinky or Perry?*

Ed continued to thrust. Why couldn't he think straight? he wondered.

*Looks like I gave you a little too much happy juice, buddy. How about we give her both, and may the best man win?*

"Uhh! Ernh!" Ed was slamming into the girl now, and she was crying out with each hard thrust. He felt his load mustering in his loins, and then the pleasure rushed up his long shaft. He thrust hard and fast into the redhead until... "UGHH!" Ecstasy burst from the tip of his cock as he painted her unprotected pussy with a huge load of cum. "URR!"

"Uck-ah!" she cried out as her own orgasm exploded from deep inside her pussy, where the combined load of Perry's blue and Ed's white sperm deluged her fertile depths. Perry pressed the tip of his head against her spasming cervix, and several spurts of their combined seed slipped straight through, invading her undiscovered country.

"Huhh...huhh..." Ed leaned down upon the girl, all of his energy gone.

"Umm...can'd breedh..." the girl groaned from under him.

He pulled back, Perry slipping out from inside her and making them both gasp. "Oh, sorry," he offered.

She looked down at all the sperm oozing out of her gaping pussy. "Oh shit, now I really really have to peeee..." She ran into a stall and moaned as she let loose.

Ed grabbed her clothes and handed them to her under the stall door.

"Thanks!"

"You're...welcome..." Ed shook his head, zipped up, and went back to class.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)