I am addicted to exposure.

It has been a stressful year, with Dwayne concern about the mad cow
scare, Thank God, it was just a scare.  With over 40,000 head of cattle 
the lost market prices would have hit us hard.  And for me, the raising 
interest market has put everyone in a panic to buy or sell homes.  
Lucky rates are rising slowly, without cutting off the buyer's market.  
But it has been busier than hell. 

At last, we decided to take a week off and drive to Shreveport for some
relaxation and fun.  Dwayne was so wonderful packing for us, so we 
could leave as soon as I got home. We were just chatting and laughing 
about all the bizarre events that had occurred in our separate lives 
when we pulled into a truck stop.  I needed to change out of my 
business clothes into something more comfortable and Dwayne needed a 
pit stop. " Honey, your clothes are in the black suitcase in the cab.  
I will meet you in the café. " Dwayne called out as he rushed into the 
truck stop.  In the suitcase I found, four boxes. One plain box, 
labeled clothes to wear home, one from a company called Wicked Weasel 
labeled swim suit, one from a dot com company called forplaycatalog.com 
he had written really bold clothes, and the last box from a place 
called sexdepot.com Dwayne had written clothes for dancing. With 
excitement, I took the box from forplaycatalog, and headed for the 
ladies room 

Luckily there was a lock on the ladies room and it was clean.  Looking
into the box, I found a skirt, shorts, tube top, and a blouse.
Feeling the heat of excitement rush over me, I choose the tube top and 
skirt.  Quickly realizing that I would have to be bra less with the 
tube top, I choose to naughty and slip off my thong also.  Now, that 
will really shock Dwayne when starts exploring.  Damn you Dwayne, I 
said to myself when I looked in the mirror. The tube top had " SLUT" 
written across it.  Well, he was game for me to wear this outfit; I was 
just turned on enough not to change.  To be a called sluts used to piss 
me off, but now I think it may be a complement.  I unlocked the ladies 
room and entered the café, with my nipples hurting and begging to 
extend a foot. 

Dwayne was seated at the counter and smiling from ear to ear when he saw
me.  I was the main attraction for all these rough truck drivers.  I 
must have flashed a few lucky drivers when I got on to the bar stool, 
because I felt a rush of cool air across my pussy. "Sweetheart, have 
you ordered for us," I asked Dwayne as I gave him a passionate kiss.  
"Not yet I was waiting for you. My box of business clothes was in the 
way on the counter, so I took my time bending down and placing it on 
the floor in front of my stool.  My heart was really pumping my hot 
blood through my body and I felt myself getting wet as my bare ass was 
exposed and then my tits as the tube top rode up as I stood up.  Acting 
as if I was not aware that my breast had became visible to all, I 
picked up the menu and starting trying to concentrate on what to order. 
 After a few minutes, I acted shocked and pulled down my tube top, 
gently slapping Dwayne on the shoulder. "A gentleman would have said 
something" Laughing he said, "But a real man wouldn't."  Seemed like 
everyone in the place laughed.  While blushing, I smiled back at him.  
We ordered and seemed to get a lot of special service from the waiter.  
I was really getting into all the attention I was receiving.  When my 
single order of fries I ordered arrived, I decided to play it to the 
hilt.  Dipping a fry into ketchup, I slowly licked it off, sucking the 
residue ketchup off moving my mouth and puckered lips up and down the 
fry, before nibbling the fry so gently before swallowing. Dwayne 
whispered into my ear after I have eaten about a dozen fries,  "I have 
never seen you behave so boldly, it is exciting."  I wanted to tell him 
I was so hot, I was getting the bar stool all wet, but the words just 
would not come out.  I felt a little lightheaded from all the 
excitement.  We finished our meal; I bent down again, acting like I was 
having difficulty getting my box of business clothes, and so I could 
feel the lovely stares on my exposed ass and breast. Knowing they could 
see my trimmed pussy was making me even wetter. 

I could not believe Dwayne.  He told a couple of really handsome
truckers that we were on vacation and told them if they would take a 
picture of us, he would take one of them and me and print it out for 
them.  We had a digital camera and printer in our pick-up. As I 
blushed with excitement, they followed us outside while he got the 
camera. He handed it on of the drivers and explained how to take a 
picture.  I stood beside Dwayne, he told me tilt my body into him and 
put a leg in front of him while he turned slightly to me.  I knew my 
skirt was riding up real high, but I was way passed caring.  I would have 
stripped off naked for them if even on of them had asked. After a few 
pictures, Dwayne took the camera.  I so much wanted to be naked in 
front of these strangers.  I was hoping Dwayne would do something to 
give a reason to be exposed on camera with these handsome men.  "If 
each of you would point out your truck, I will take a picture over at 
each one of your trucks."  I walked beside the tallest handsome trucker 
with Dwayne following, to his truck.  Open your cab door, and get up 
inside it, reach down as if you are helping my wife into the cab and I 
will take a picture in that pose.  Oh, oh my God this was going to be 
great. I seemed to be floating on air and in a haze as each picture was 
taken at each truck. I knew my tits were being exposed as I grabbed the 
hand of the trucker and he could see my trimmed wet pussy gapping open 
with heat, as one leg was on the high step to the cab.  Dwayne took his 
time as each truck to get the shoot perfect for them to have a 
memorable picture.  After, the last photo, I told Dwayne, "The heat is 
getting to me, I just wait for you in the air-conditioner of our truck, 
while you give them their pictures. As Dwayne, delivered the 
pictures, I noticed my tube top had stayed up and my tits were still 
fully exposed.  I just could not wait any longer; I pulled my skirt up 
and masturbated for a major orgasm.  At the next town we checked into a 
hotel and made unbelievable love for what seemed like hours. 





