I belong to a north Indian agrarian state. Ours is a family basically engaged in agriculture, but I was an exception and went on to do higher studies. We have big farm land and do the agriculture our self. Because of outdoor activities all members in my family are well built above six feet in height and bodies to match. In our family apart from Father and mother we are two children, myself and my younger sister. My mother in addition to household chores takes care of our fields too along with father. Because of all the physical work my mothers figure is perfect, she has firm tight belly long sturdy legs, very big breasts and wide hips to match. By the time I started noticing my mothers feminine assets I was already nineteen years old and built like a bull. At that age I was too possessive about my mother and always thought about keeping her safe between my thighs. As north India is very hot during summers and our house being in the middle of fields with high boundary walls womenfolk in our house i.e. My mother and sister were quite careless in the way they dressed during summers to avoid heat. My mother and sister both used to wear very thin cloths and both of them dispensed away with brassieres and panties during summer. My mothers body is slightly on the heavier side and she wears her salwar and kameez very tight. My favorite pass time was to sit in the kitchen during summer afternoons when mother used to prepare lunch. Mother in her tightest diaphanous dress used to sit in front of chulla (stove that uses wood as fuel) sweating profoundly. Her big boobs spilling out of low cut kameez after some time were quite visible through her kameez made wet due to sweat. I kept my eyes pealed to the streams of sweat that used to flow from her neck to the deep valley between her choochies. By this time her nipples used to start sticking out and I got full enjoyment of seeing my mothers boobs in their full glory. A first mother used to admonish me for sitting in the heat but I used to say " Mummy jab app itni garmi mein baith sakti hain hamare liey to main bhi appki garmi mein poora sath doonga". At this mother used to smile and say " beta main to garam ho hi gai hoon mere saath too bhi garam ho jayaga". And after this the real show used to start. Mother would look at me affectionately and say " Dekh kitna paseena aa gaya hai" and saying this she would lift the corner of her kameez and show her flat slightly bulging tummy while fanning it with her kameez, during this time she would be sitting on a small wooden plank in peeing position with her feet wide apart. During all this time she would dextrally keep on making chappaties. I would be sitting in front of her looking exactly between her thighs. After some time mother would take her hand back towards her chooter hold her salwar and pull it back so that in the front her salwar would fit snuggly over her swollen fuddi. My mothers choot was always plain without any hair. In this position her salwar would be stretched over her fuddi with a very clear notch in the middle. Within seconds sweat from her stomach would trickle down and the cloth fitting snugly over her choot would become transparent giving me full view of her hole. I would be looking fixedly at that spot. Now my mother's choot would start oozing juices. We both would be very excited by this time and would start conversation in double meanings. Mummy would place a chapati on my plate and say " Beta tail laga ke doon". I would reply" Mummy bina tail ke hi le loonga tu de de". These type of scenes were my staple food for fantasies during those years. At night I would sit in the bed with my big hard lund in my hand thinking about my mother and masturbate thinking about her choot. Anyway now let me come to the actual incident. It happned during the time when my father had to go out to purchase seeds and fertilizers for the farm. During such trips father would be gone for almost one month. This time when he had been gone for about five days i started noticing that mom started geting itchy day by day . In our farm I had seen cows in heat and I think mom was behaving in about same manner. I t was around ninth day since father had been away from home. A small field was left which needed plowing and I decided to do it that day. In the morning I told mom "Mummy main voh chota khet jot ke aata hoon". Mom said "Beta abhi to bahut garmi hoti hai vahan koi bhi to nahi aata hai ajj kal to koi bhi kheton main nahi jaata hai poora veerana hogo." Then mother suddenly stopped and went inside the kitchen. I also didnt pay any attention to anything and started preparing our tractor for the day. When I was about to leave for the fields mom called behind and said "Beta main dopahar ka khana le ke aaongi". I said "Thaik hai mummy par dair mat karna". I then went to the fields that was a really hot day. Our farmhouse is quite big and spread over a vast area. As father had gone out of town all laborers were also on leave and whole area was deserted. I went to the field which was a small plot of land in the middle of our farm and was surrounded from all sides with tall crop of bajra. I started the work in right earnest but was sweating within no time. There I was sitting in the middle of desolate place thinking that there is not a soul within kilometers nearby, I was feeling quite lonely and looked at my watch .It was 11.30 AM and I thought God how lonely it is , then it came to my mind that mom will be bringing lunch and suddenly at this thought a shiver went through my body. Involuntarily I looked all round me and I don't know why my cock slowly started stiffening. I looked all round myself and feeling goose pimples all over my body in full excitement I uttered "Maa teri choot." Hearing these words aloud from my own mouth I suddenly felt rush of adrenaline all over my body. All round it was totally desolate and i was getting my rush so I placed my hand on my lund over my pants and said " Mummy aaj khet mein chudwa le apne bete se." Now I was getting fully excited and shouted "Maa aaj chut le ke aa mere paas dekh mummy aaj tera beta hath mein lund le ke baitha hai". Now I was fully excited. The thought of saying these vile words for my own mother gave me shivers. The thought of my own mothers cunt was driving me nuts. I had not felt this much excitement ever in my life. My cock was tight upto the full limit. I wanted to take full advantage of this loneliness and talked to myself about the beauty of my mothers cunt. Hardly five minutes had passed that I saw at a distance the figure of my mother with a bag of lunch coming towards me. I started the tractor again and started my work. In about fifteen minutes mom was near me and above the noise of tractor shouted for me to stop. Out of guilt I was not able to look at her but I stopped the machine and walked towards her. Mother motioned me towards the lone tree at the corner of the field and we walked towards it. On reaching there mom turned towards me and said. "Beta tu kitna garam ho gaya hai. Dekh kaisa paseena aa gaya hai. Laa main tera paseen ponch doon. " Saying this she came near me and with her dupatta Cleaned my face of all the sweat and dust. Then we sat for Lunch. During lunch I could hardly look my mom in her face but I knew that she was watching me intensely. After lunch I washed my hands and started walking towards the tractor when mom suddenly called me from behind. "Beta ek zaroori baat karni hai " I came and sat besides her more out of expectation than anything else. From the look of her face I could make out that she was nervous like hell.

