   Wendy sat up from her large, soft, king size bed. She
unconsciously reached to pull her gown around her, and was mildly
startled to find she had once again fallen asleep in the nude.
She had been doing that a lot lately, and though it seemed
perfectly natural to sleep unhindered by clothes, it wasnt
normal. She looked down beside the bed, and saw her familiar blue
flowery dress in a heap. Her feet hit the floor as her hand
scooped up her Wal-Mart underwear and dress. A glance at the
clock confirmed she was nearly late for her group therapy
session. She had made great progress getting over the mental
warping and physical events at the costume party, but several of
the people who had attended still met at the therapy, to discuss
their recovery and issues they had encountered.
   Wendy clutched her clothes in her left hand, walking
carelessly through her home naked, toward the bathroom. She laid
the clothes on the counter, turned on the vanity lights, and bent
over the tub to start running the shower water. She stood as the
phone rang, and she laughed.
   Ten more seconds and youd be out of luck, whoever you are.
She shook her head as she skipped quickly out the bathroom and
around the corner to the wall mounted phone.
   This is Wendy, and you almost missed me, whoever this is!
She giggled as the rich male voice echoed in her ear.
   I need to speak to Sleepy Crystal.
   Wendy looked around. She was sitting in her small car, which
was off. A garage door was automatically closing behind her
vehicle, making it dark from the suns absence. There was a wood
door open, into the home from the privacy of the garage. The
expensive luxury car beside hers was a testimony to the quality
of home she had entered. She wasnt sure, but felt reasonably
certain that she had hung up, showered, dressed and come here.
She wasnt sure where she was, but she wasnt too freaked by
that. She looked again at the wood door, realizing someone was
probably waiting for her.
   Slamming her door with a loud thump, Wendy stepped silently
around her car. Her bare feet made no noise on the cement, as she
stepped up into the doorway, and onto the plush carpet. She
nervously jingled her car keys in her left hand.
   Hello? She cried out. The large home was full of pretty
glass statues, prisms, and delicate ceramics. She stepped
hesitantly, getting only a few feet in the door when a door
closed down the hallway behind her, and a man appeared. He was
holding on a hanger, a small leather minidress, black vinyl
thong, shiny black accessories and black ankle boots each with a
bright brass zipper on the side.
   Wendy blushed lightly at the unknown man.
   Excuse me, Im sorry but I was kinda spacing out while I was
driving, she started.
   Please stand still as I dress you.
   Do wha,, Wendy tipped her head sideways,  half in shock. The
man was slightly taller than she was, a little older, with dark
hair and blue eyes. His stare was familiar, and his smile was
disarming. She couldnt help smiling too, as she formulated a
polite comment.
   Thats very nice, but those arent really my kind, um, what
are you doing? The man had bent over in front of Wendy, and
lifting her left foot with both hands, then the other, he then 
lifted and slid the shiny black thong up her thighs. Wendy was
more shocked at the fact she hadnt tried to stop him. He stepped
close enough for her to smell his after shave, his fingers firmly
gripping and feeling around her, snugging the fetishy article
over her butt and yanking it roughly up her hips.
   Excuse me! Can I say something? Wendy was appalled,
humiliated and furious. She was turning purple in the ears and
cheeks. She had to stop him, and get answers.
   You cannot move but you may speak. The man stood beside
Wendy, and she found her neck too stiff to turn to face him. The
alarming dark haired man leaned back, and around Wendy, running
his left hand up her right thigh and buttcheek. He patted her ass
with a nod of approval. The store owner pivoted on an ankle, her
right hip, and some shoulder, to look at him. Fear welled up
inside her. Her body was quickly stiffening up.
   Just, wait ok,  I need to know, she started, when the
charismatic man firmly began rubbing the crotch of her new vinyl
undies. Wendy gasped, a tightening of her inner muscles signaling
an oncoming hot flash.
   Stop! I need to know why, ok? She tried to look down at the
hand of the violator in the white oxford shirt. She could feel
him rubbing from the band across her lower tummy, down to the
moist area directly between her thighs, then back. The strangely
attractive man smiled lightly.
   Why am I rubbing your hot new thong, or why you drove here
naked?
   Wendys mouth dropped.
   He had pulled the thong up.
   He hadnt pulled anything down.
   She felt his fingers reach deep under her, his hand cupping
her entire vinyl thong. His fingertips curled upward as his thumb
pressed exactly where her clitoris was stirring, growing. She
tried to grasp his hand but her arms simply didnt get the
message from her brain, and they hung limply beside her.
Goosebumps covered her, and she fought against her own body,
which was rapidly becoming excited, not repelled. Visions of the
drive over replayed in her mind. Flashes of stopping at red
lights, slowing for turning trucks, moving the seatbelt to lay
between her displayed breasts.
   No! no,, no why, why am I, She managed with great effort to
tip her pelvis away from his hand.
   Why you came here, or why you must let me play with your
pussy? His right hand landed softly on her private area, her hip
muscles twitching. His thumb wiggled above her clitoris as his
fingers pressed the vinyl into her sticky wet lips. Wendy looked
downward but could not see his hand, and couldnt tip her head.
   Yes, Oh my God,, yes, why, why am,, am,, I, The man stood
and stared directly into Wendys eyes, calm confidence radiated
from him.
   Why you love wearing Blueblood brand clothes? Wendy fought
against her waist, trying to fall down, turn away, even plie,
but it was as if the thong wanted her to stand there and be
petted, fingered. Her pelvis turned and leaned toward his
rewarding, warm touch.
   Yes, why,, no. No. Why am, am,
   Why you want to relax and obey your owner and fiance?
   Wendys thigh muscles let go, as all her tight and terrified 
tendons loosened. Her body slumped slightly as she stoodShe
gasped in horror.
   Yes, but, please, please, Wendy uttered.
   You want to ask me why you cant remember what you want to
ask me dont you. The maddeningly calm man placed his left hand
on Wendys shoulder, while his right continued stroking her
crotch.
   Yes, I,, Wendy searched for what she was about to say.
   You want to put your Blueblood Brand bell collar on while I
explain dont you? The peculiar man with nice skin was smiling
as he raised an eyebrow, producing a pretty, small black collar
with shiny brass bell in front, and a dark metal buckle in the
back.
   Um,, yes, I think,, Yes and tell me please! Wendy felt her
belonging drape around her slender neck, a gift from the
enigmatic man. He deftly secured it under her blonde ponytail in
seconds. She looked at him, for a forthcoming explanation to
something, a question she couldnt recall.
   The man reached up slowly with his index finger of his right
hand, and with a smile of victory, tickled the bell hanging from
Wendys neck. Wendy giggled.
   Doctor Lewis tinkled the bell again, and Wendy laughed, her
body wriggling. She couldnt remember what the joke was but she
was sure it was funny. Her fiancee was great at telling jokes.
   You want to finish dressing while I start the cameras, dont
you? He was walking away before she could answer. She looked at
the very small amount of light, leather bedroomwear. Something
wasnt right. She frowned. As she stared at the clothing, she
heard her husband-to-be say something, but before she could
decipher his words her eyes and mind went dark.
   Lewis was beside her from nowhere, his after shave arousing
her as it always did. She smiled.  His camera was set up on its
tripod, where it usually stood.  She looked around the large
bedroom, at the carpeted walls, track lighting everywhere and
numerous friendly little cameras. She sat up, propping her self
up with her arms behind her, legs stretched out in a familiar,
comfortable way. She felt some time had passed, and hoped she
hadnt missed anything her lover had said.
   Baby, tell me what you were going to do now. He stood
staring into Wendys vacant eyes, blue into blue. Wendy curled
her hair around her right finger, absently.
   Um, well I was hoping I could model some new clothes I got
from Blueblood! She held out her arms, in a classic pose,
displaying the new leather minidress. The spaghetti straps tied
around her neck held the small triangular pieces of delicate
black leather in front of her nipples, allowing most of her
breasts to show on the sides. The leather snugly formed around
her tummy, turning into a shiny black cheerleading skirt which
barely covered her athletic ass. At the point the tight corset
area became a skirt, four silvery rings were sewn in place, on
the sides and in front and back. With the ankle boots, small
black wrist straps with shiny D rings, and her black velvet
collar with bell, she looked like she had stepped out of a
catalog for discerning subs and dommes.
   She watched Lewis hurry back to the main camera, and knew he
was as turned on as she was. Every stance, every curled arm and
turned head gesture brought her closer to orgasm, and she knew he
must be close as well. Knowing this exaggerated her poses,
deepening her frontal bends, lifting her ass higher while on all
fours,  flipping her hair high into the air. Several minutes of
erotic enticement rolled into the digital cameras, and the motion
picture cameras, and onto film, chip, and internet hard drive.
She laughed as a mini-orgasm rippled through her insides. She
slowed her poses as her body began to shiver, rolling onto her
back, on the large round bed with the beautiful red silk sheets.
Wendys hands went to her thighs and crotch as the orgasm washed
over her, consuming her, filling her. She spasmed, little shrieks
of ecstasy proclaiming her complete release to nature and its
will for her body. She slowed in her pulses, wet fingers rubbing
her juices into her thighs as the  mind-numbing orgasm subsided.
She lay spent on the  bed, half wondering what had happened.
   Lewis crawled up onto the circular bed, standing on hands and
knees by Wendys left side. She glanced over.
   Um, baby, there was somewhere I had to be, was it therapy, or
something,,, she asked.
   Before she could finish, Lewis flicked the brass collar bell
several times with his finger, and she giggled instantly,
blinking several times.
   Wendy baby, you have to just forget what you were thinking
and freshen up, because at lunch time youre going to have some
company, wont that be great?
   Yes! God thats great! I need to shower and put on something
nice, new found energy catapulted the dancer off the bed and in
front of her fiancee doctor.
   You have to wear something soft and sexy dont you? Lewis
flexed and wiggled his knees, now on both sides of the leather
clad blonde. She looked at him blankly for a second, as if not
understanding what he said, then smiled.
   Well hon, I was going to wear my brown sweater, and white
corduroy,, she was cutoff by the resonating voice of her sexy
man.
   You wanted to wear the white latex set and your collar.
Wendy looked up, and realized her lover knew her so well, he
could almost read her mind.
   Thats what I was going to say!
   Now slowly undress as sexily as you can, and if I get good
and hard, you can suck me off and go shower, while I go to work
till lunchtime. With the click of a pocket remote, a dozen small
red lights came on around the room and ceiling. He replaced it in
his pocket, now tighter from his growing hard on.
