They don't get to see much of each other for the rest of the day after a quick tour of the crime scene, as Lewis is sent off to dig through old papers at the County Records Office. Morse is hoping his Sergeant will turn up with something by afternoon, but, come evening, he's still alone at the office and decides to call it a day. At home, he puts on La Traviata again, makes himself more comfortable and lies down on his sofa - to think.

Late evening at Morse's house, it's dark and Morse has fallen asleep on the sofa

Lewis rings his boss's doorbell, but there's no answer. It doesn't surprise him all that much, he can easily hear the loud music outside though the windows are shut this time. He walks around to Morse's living room window. The music thankfully stops and as he peeks inside, he can just about make out Morse's head on the arm rest of the sofa. He sighs, not really surprised that, while he's been busy, Morse has made himself comfortable. He taps the window with his car keys several times but to no effect. "Sir?!" He shouts and finally the head stirs and turns to look in his direction, then away again, checking the time.

"Lewis... Where have you been all day?" Morse finally sits up.

Lewis is tempted to roll his eyes but Morse isn't looking in his direction so why bother? "You know exactly where I've been, Sir. The County Records Office."

Morse pushes himself up and walks in the direction of the front door. Lewis walks back there, too. Morse still looks sleepy when he opens the door, a look that nearly melts Lewis's heart.

"What took so long?" Morse asks, drowsily looking at his Sergeant.

"Long? You should have seen the papers. They've got half the Amazon forest in there!"

"Papers, at the County Records Office? That's amazing." He steps aside so Lewis can enter and closes the door behind him.

"And none of them were catalogued. If I hadn't got lucky, I'd have been there all week." Morse walks back into the living room while Lewis casually leans in the doorway, studying the bottles on Morse's drinks tray.

"Have a beer, Lewis," Morse says, wondering why Lewis suddenly seems to be waiting for permission to help himself to something.

Lewis happily complies and chooses a bottle while Morse goes to put away the La Traviata LP he'd been listening to. "So you did get lucky?"

Lewis flips through his notepad and starts recounting. "Ebenezer Knox. Born 1813 in Woodstock. Educated at Winchester and Balliol." He takes a gulp of his beer. The hours spent amid dry old paper have made him thirsty. "Became the youngest justice of the peace in the county. In 1841, he and another man bought a piece of land. You'll never guess what the other man's name was."

"Radford?" Morse suggests.

"Right, Sir." He winks at Morse but it's lost on the other man as Morse is already staring into the distance, which he often does when he's thinking. Lewis drinks some more of his beer while he waits to hear what Morse is contemplating.

"Three murders in a week, Lewis. The Chief Super was right. There could be a connection."

"But the pathologist thought there was no connection with Nelson's murder."

"You're not listening, Lewis." Morse sits down on his sofa, facing Lewis who still leans in the doorway. "Even if we're looking for two killers, they could still be connected."

They follow this train of thought for a while and, some time during their discussion, Lewis walks over to the sofa, discards his own jacket and sits down close to Morse, which makes the older man look at him in surprise.

"Making yourself comfortable, are you?"

"Why not?"

"In no hurry to get home today?"

"Nope." Lewis smiles happily.

"At this hour? What happened?"

"Ah, nothing. Only, I called Val from the County Records Office, told her I'd probably be busy all night, secrets to uncover and such. She wasn't exactly happy to hear it, but it means I don't have to go home any time soon."

Morse seems surprised by what he hears and Lewis leans closer. "There's a specific secret I'm dying to uncover."

"Ah, is there?" Morse asks, quickly catching up with what Lewis is talking about.

"Yeah. And I think we might have to move upstairs to make that happen."

An amused smile is tugging at Morse's lips. "Later, Lewis, later." He pulls the younger man into his arms and their lips meet for the first time that day.

Lewis's hands find their way between them and, not breaking the kiss, he fumbles with the buttons on Morse's already half unbuttoned shirt, finally wanting, needing more than hugs and kisses. When Morse pulls back a little for air, he's laughing. "You seem to be in a hurry after all. I thought for once we could take our time."

"I am a desperate man." Lewis grins wickedly as leans forward some more to re-establish the contact of their lips.

It doesn't take them long to lose their balance. Morse ends up with Lewis on top of him on the sofa. As Lewis is supporting his own weight, pushing himself up a bit to take in Morse's now exposed chest, Morse sets to work on catching up. He pulls away Lewis's tie, then tugs on the younger man's shirt until it comes free of the trousers and he can slide his hands underneath. Lewis's skin feels warm and soft under his hands and he enjoys the feeling.

Lewis carefully lowers himself again, which enables Morse to run his hands further up his lover's back and Lewis to kiss his way along Morse's jaw. He's done that often enough by now not to find the tickling feeling of stubble against his lips irritating any longer. And he finds that when his lips need a break from the stubble, Morse's lips seem the sweeter and softer for it. The different sensations seem so very enticing to him by now though it's something he never knew before. Well, he had never kissed a man before Morse, never even thought about it.

He shifts and reaches for the buttons of his own shirt, only to have his hands swatted away by Morse. "Let me..."

Lewis nods and watches Morse's face while the other man unbuttons his shirt.

"You're beautiful," Morse sighs when Lewis's shirt falls open. He runs his hands over Lewis's chest, then pushes himself up on one elbow so he can place a kiss on his lover's skin. He doesn't care where, he just wants to kiss Lewis. Anywhere.

"Sure you don't want to take this elsewhere?" Lewis says, not able to keep the need out of his voice.

Their eyes meet and Morse nods. Lewis climbs off the sofa and holds out his hands to Morse, pulling the older man to his feet and right back into his arms. They kiss again, not able to stand being apart a minute longer.

Finally, Morse takes Lewis by the hand and walks towards the stairs. "Time to let you in on a secret, then," he says huskily.

Lewis, grinning like a Cheshire cat, lets himself be led upstairs, his curiosity about the upper floor of Morse's house not big enough to make him take his eyes off the other man.

Morse leads him into his bedroom, directly at the top of the stairs. Again, Lewis doesn't pay any attention to his surroundings, except for the bed. It looks very inviting and, with his inner eye, he can already picture Morse sprawled across it. He wraps his arms around his lover again and takes up his kissing and nuzzling of Morse's jaw again, slowly working himself down the other man's neck until the shirt collar gets in his way. Unceremoniously, he strips it off Morse's shoulders and continues his exploration along Morse's collarbone.

It's there, however, that Morse stops him by taking hold of Lewis's face. "Robbie?"

Lewis, a little out of breath, looks at him slightly annoyed for being interrupted. "Hm?"

"You've never been with a man before, have you?"

Lewis shakes his head.

Morse clears his throat. "Nor have I, well, not really. However..."

The hesitation makes Lewis look at his lover with concern. "Anything wrong?"

Morse quickly shakes his head. "No, nothing's wrong." He swallows. "You know I've been in the National Service?"

Lewis nods, not sure where this is going.

"Well, we were a lot of lonely young men, far from home... I learned one useful skill back then."

"Which?" Lewis is still confused by this sudden hold-up.

"I'd love to show you, I've wanted to for a while..."

Lewis studies Morse's face and finds nothing but love and need. 'The need for my trust,' his brain supplies. "Show us, then," he says with a soft smile.

Morse looks relieved and kisses him again. A long, lingering kiss, while his hands begin to work on opening Lewis's trousers.

When his trousers are piled around his ankles and Morse gets down onto his knees in front of him, Lewis realises what exactly it is that Morse wants to do. He looks down at the familiar head in amazement. It's a sight he'd never expected to see, Morse kneeling before him.

Coherent thought quickly leaves Lewis, though, when Morse runs a finger down his penis before carefully circling the base with his hands and licking the tip, then blowing on the wet patch. Lewis shivers at the sensation. Val would never put her mouth there, doesn't even allow him to lick her, repelled by thought that it's where people pee and you really shouldn't put your mouth there.

Morse doesn't seem to have any problem with it, though, as he sucks the head of Lewis penis into his mouth and circles it with his tongue. Lewis is amazed by the sensation, unable to pull his eyes away from the head in front of him until the need to close his eyes becomes too strong to resist. The feeling of Morse's hot, wet mouth is too overwhelming. He's unaware of his hands coming to rest on top of Morse's head, his fingers burying themselves in the other man's silvery hair.

Morse never really liked giving another man a blow job when he was in the National Service, but you couldn't only take all the time, you also had to give. Now, with Lewis, though, it's a different story. He wants to do this, wants to taste his lover, wants to pleasure him. And from the way Lewis reacts, he can't be doing too badly. Morse licks and sucks, his hands resting on Lewis's hips. He feels Lewis's hands on his head, his fingers in his hair, holding him close, urging him on. It doesn't take the younger man long to come, his new pet name, Em, falling from Lewis's lips. Morse nearly chokes when he tries to swallow. It's been a very long time since he last did this, but he manages and is quite pleased with his efforts. He pulls away, gently untangling Lewis's hands from his head, holding onto them, and looks up at Lewis.

Lewis's eyes are still closed and his breath is laboured. Then his lover opens his eyes and they look at each other. Morse squeezes Lewis's hands and the younger man smiles down at him.

Lewis can't quite manage to speak again, so he just smiles and pulls on Morse's hands until the older man stands up, groaning slightly. Lewis pulls him close and buries his head in Morse's neck. When he finally trusts his voice again, he whispers into Morse's ear. "Quite some skill they taught you."

Morse chuckles happily.

"Not sure I can manage that, though," Lewis continues.

Morse pulls away so he can look at Lewis. "Robbie, you don't need to do this. I held an advantage over you, I've done this before. It's all new to you. Anything you want to do is fine." His voice is soft, but he's aware that there is a part of him that is anything but soft.

"I want to get you onto that bed," Lewis decides and pulls on Morse's hands, taking a step back. Or at least he tries to and is only kept upright by Morse's quick reaction.

"You might want to step out of your trousers before you try that again," Morse laughs and Lewis joins in. He quickly kicks off his shoes and struggles out of his trousers and boxers before reaching for Morse's hands again, who's been watching him, smiling.

"You should do that more often," Lewis tells him happily.

"I'm not sure my knees would like that," Morse sighs, making Lewis laugh out loud.

"Not what I meant, but I wouldn't mind if you did that again, either. And we can probably work something out to make it easier on your knees."

"What did you mean, then?"

"Smile, laugh. Don't always looks so grumpy."

"I usually don't have much reason to smile or laugh."

"We'll have to work on that." Lewis climbs onto Morse's bed and pulls him down next to him, then pushes his lover onto his back. He eyes the bulge at the front of Morse's trousers and reaches to cup it with his hand. "And that, too," he declares.

Morse laughs. "I think there might be a connection between the two."

Lewis grins at him. "Ah, do you? Then we'll have to put your theory to the test." He leans down to kiss Morse, then pulls back and curiously looks at the older man. "Is that how it tastes?" He asks, licking his lips.

"It's what you taste like." Morse smiles up at him, amazed how easily Lewis seems to adjust. Maybe he had him wrong all along, maybe Lewis isn't as prudish as he thought, just very... private.

"Interesting," Lewis declares and kisses him again before trailing kisses down Morse's chest, his fingers following the trail. He enjoys the feel of the soft hair covering Morse's chest. Everything is so very different with him from what he's used to with Val, but it's different in a good way.

When he reaches the top of Morse's trousers, he quickly opens the belt and the button, then very slowly kisses every inch he can reach underneath the waistband without opening the zipper until Morse groans. "Don't be such a tease."

Lewis chuckles against his lover's skin but complies and continues to undress the older man. Morse obediently lifts his hips when Lewis nudges him so he can pull the trousers off, whisking down the other man's briefs at the same time. He takes a moment to take in the sight before him and he smiles contentedly. "Mine," he declares and takes up his kissing again, along one hip, then over to the other side, then back up to meet Morse's lips. "Anything I want to do?" He asks between kisses.

Morse simply nods and pulls Lewis in for another long kiss.

Lewis rolls onto his side and pulls on Morse's far arm to make him roll over, too. He entangles their legs and takes up stroking down Morse's side, then cups his buttock with his hand, all the while exchanging kisses with his lover. Lewis's other hand is cradling Morse's head, enjoying the soft feeling of the fine hair.

Finally, he releases Morse's buttocks and reaches between their bodies and for Morse's penis. He takes his time, familiarising himself with the feel of another man's penis in his hand, before he gently starts stroking, trying to think of how he sometimes touches himself in the shower, how he likes it, what feels good to him.

Morse's breathing comes quicker, which Lewis takes for a good sign. He keeps running his fingers through his lover's hair while taking up a steady rhythm with his other hand.

When Morse finally comes, it's only Lewis's hand in his hair that keeps him from throwing his head back. His release comes quietly, only a light groan accompanies it, but Lewis is amazed by every oh so tiny reaction, amazed that it's him who brought this on. He holds Morse in his arms until the other man recovers and opens his eyes. Morse reaches up to gently stroke Lewis's cheek. "Will you stay?"

Lewis turns his head to place a kiss in Morse's palm. "If you don't kick me out."

His answer is rewarded with a happy smile. "I'll never kick you out."

"Afraid I can't stay that long, but I'll gladly stay the night."

"Good," Morse mumbles contentedly and sleepily.

Lewis holds him close for a bit longer, before becoming aware of the stickiness between them. "Em?" He quietly asks.

"Hm?" Morse already seems half asleep.

Carefully, Lewis disentangles himself and goes looking for an upstairs bathroom, not wanting to go downstairs naked. He finds it on the other side of the hall and quickly returns with a wet cloth and carefully cleans them both as well as he can without waking Morse, then discards it on the floor and crawls back into bed. Morse instinctively reaches for him in his sleep and Lewis happily snuggles up in his lover's arms and pulls the blanket over them.