Saturday Night School 
byjessica_tang_vonharper©

Saturday Night School Ch. 14

Michelle reveals her exhibitionistic side to Vanessa. 

Two days later, Charlie was back at Greenholt Gardens. He sat on a stack of boxes in a small storage room at the back of the snack bar. The room had a small window with a view of the parking lot. Charlie checked his phone for the time. It read 10:06 PM.

Vanessa was late.

He could hear Michelle's footsteps, pacing back and forth across the floor of the snack bar. She had intended to keep watch with him in the storage room, but she was too nervous to hold still. He heard her footsteps approaching, and her face peeked in. "Is she here?" she asked.

"Not yet."

"Oh god..." Michelle disappeared to continue her pacing.

At 10:12, headlights appeared at the entrance to the parking lot, and Charlie watched a black BMW with tinted windows pull into the lot. The car parked next to Michelle's car. The door opened and Vanessa emerged. She was dressed casually, in black yoga pants and a black fleece jacket over a bright red tank top. She crouched down to glance in Michelle's car, and then, seeing no one there, looked around, puzzled.

"She's here!" Charlie called, unnecessarily, because he could already hear Michelle opening the door to the outside. Probably she had heard the sound of Vanessa's car. Charlie hurried out of the storage room; his job was to hold the door so that Michelle wouldn't get locked out.

He didn't know what Michelle had planned; she didn't tell him and he didn't ask. But he couldn't miss the significance of her arranging to meet Vanessa at Greenholt Gardens after it closed. He knew this was going to be more than just a conversation.

Michelle had let the door close behind her. Charlie pushed it back open just as Vanessa was saying, "...a strange place to meet. How do you even get into this place so late at night?" Vanessa glanced past Michelle, seeing him in the doorway. "Oh. And there's Charlie. So you're finally going to tell me that you two are a couple?"

"Yes," Michelle admitted. "We're a couple."

"It's been so obvious," Vanessa said, then quickly amended, "To me, I mean. I don't understand why it's been a secret. Why didn't you just tell me? You didn't trust me?"

"Come in," Michelle said quietly. "I do trust you and I'm telling you now. You'll understand."

"Fine." Vanessa smiled sweetly at Charlie. "Hey, Charlie. How're you doing? Talia says hi. She didn't have a chance to say goodbye to you at the party." Vanessa coolly sauntered past Charlie into the interior of the snack bar. "You disappeared so suddenly. You both did. But don't worry. Talia and I covered for you."

Michelle followed Vanessa inside. Anxiety was clearly displayed on Michelle's face and her hands trembled slightly. Charlie fought the urge to reach for her and comfort her.

Vanessa stood in the middle of the snack bar, looking around as if she was a prospective buyer of the place. "How are you able to get in here?" she asked.

"Charlie is friends with the security guard," Michelle said.

Vanessa looked between them. "So this is where you two have been meeting? Your secret spot where you can be alone?"

"Kind of," Michelle said. "Charlie's also been using this spot to film one of his movies." Michelle explained how they had been using the Gardens as a filming location. Vanessa listened, her frown growing as Michelle described her role in the film and several nights of filming with other actors.

Finally, Vanessa interrupted. "This doesn't make sense, Michelle. I don't understand why you've kept all this a secret from me. None of it seems like a big deal. Do you really think I would care that you're acting in a student film?"

Michelle's hands were clasped nervously in front of her. "There's more," she said quietly. "Will you come outside?"

Vanessa nodded. She seemed to sense Michelle's anxiety. Michelle led them outside, and Vanessa silently followed.

They stood on the hill overlooking the gardens. The Concert Meadow stretched out in front of them, lush and green, and the lily pond that bordered it chirped and hummed with nocturnal frogs and insects. The air was cool and had the scent of spring flowers. "Isn't it beautiful?" Michelle said.

"It is," Vanessa agreed. "I've never been here at night before. It's lovely."

"Lovely and empty," Michelle said. "No one else is here at night. That's why we like it." Michelle took a deep breath. "Vanessa... do you want to know how Charlie and I first got together?"

"Okay," Vanessa said. Then she stared at Michelle. "What are you doing?"

Michelle slowly undid the buttons at the front of her blue dress. Her hands visibly trembled as she fumbled with the buttons. "We were both at the school on Saturday. He was working there, and I was just walking through the halls. I want to show you how I looked that first time, in the hallway at school."

Vanessa glanced between Michelle and Charlie, clearly confused. "Are you undressing?"

"I want to tell you something about myself," Michelle said. "Charlie knows it, and other people know it, and I want you to know it, too." Michelle slipped the dress off her shoulders and wiggled slightly so that it slipped down her body to her feet. Underneath, she wore a black bra and black panties. She met Vanessa's eyes as she reached back to undo her bra. "When I ran into Charlie at the school that day," she said, "I was naked. I was walking through the school naked, and he caught me doing it." Michelle let her bra fall to the ground.

At school, Vanessa always projected an aura of cool confidence, as if she could handle anything. This was the first time Charlie had ever seen her look unnerved. Despite Michelle's assurance that Greenholt Gardens was closed and empty, Vanessa still looked around to see if anyone was watching. It must have seemed to her that Michelle was stripping in a very public location. "You were walking through our high school, naked? Why? Why would you do that?"

Michelle tugged her panties down her legs and stepped out of them. She stood naked in front of her best friend, her hands behind her back. "Because this is me," she said plainly. "This is what turns me on. I love to be naked. And I especially love to be naked when I'm not supposed to be."

"You? But you're shy! Aren't you?" Vanessa looked like she was struggling to reassess several years' worth of assumptions. "I mean, I thought you didn't like to flaunt yourself... you're not like some of the others..."

"I know. I act shy. I've always been scared that people will figure me out," Michelle said. "Like how I am. And I've always been afraid of myself, too. I don't want to start acting a certain way and go too far and do something I'll regret later."

"Like what?" Vanessa asked.

Michelle looked anxiously at Charlie. "Charlie knows. Sometimes when I do this, I start to feel like the rules don't apply to me anymore. Then he has to make sure I don't go too far."

Vanessa looked between Michelle and Charlie. "You're going to need to explain that a little bit more," she said. "Like, with specifics."

Michelle nodded. "I will. But let's walk around the gardens first. I want to show you how beautiful it is at night."

"You're really going to walk around like that?" Vanessa gestured at Michelle's body. "I know I've seen you naked a thousand times but this just seems weird. I mean, we're at Greenholt Gardens."

"We're all alone here," Michelle said. "The gardens are empty at this time of night. No one is going to see me. I do this all the time."

"All the time?" Vanessa looked at Charlie as Michelle started walking towards the Concert Meadow. "What about you, Charlie? Do you walk around the gardens naked, too?"

"I have," Charlie admitted. "But usually it's just Michelle."

"Really." Vanessa glanced down at Michelle's clothes, which lay abandoned on the grass. Michelle was walking away from the discarded garments like she had forgotten they existed. Michelle walked halfway down the slope, then turned around and faced her best friend.

"Do you remember what I said about the bridge?" Michelle asked. "The Hanson Bridge?"

"Hanson Bridge," Vanessa repeated. "You mean, about Kyle?"

"No," Michelle said. "I told you I had a fantasy. About the bridge. Do you remember?"

Understanding dawned on Vanessa's face. "You said you wanted to streak across the bridge," she said. "From one side to the other, in the nude. I didn't think you really meant it. Did you really mean it?"

"I meant it," Michelle said. "And I've tried it. I haven't made it across yet. I keep almost getting caught." She waved Vanessa forward. "Come on."

Vanessa followed her down the slope and onto the meadow. Charlie kept up with them, staying just within earshot. The moon was high in the sky, almost full. Charlie wished he had a camera to film the two of them. The juxtaposition of nude Michelle next to the fashionably-dressed Vanessa made for an extremely erotic image.

"We went skinny-dipping in the school pool," Michelle said. "Do you remember what happened? How it happened?"

"It was Tina's idea." Vanessa frowned. "Wasn't it?"

"Tina had a lot of enthusiasm for the idea," Michelle said. "But it was my idea. I knew it was late. I knew we could get away with it."

"You were the last one," Vanessa remembered. "Everyone else got dressed but you said you wanted to take a shower first. We were all dressed and you were still naked. Hailey thought we were going to get caught..."

"She was so nervous." Michelle smiled. "She kept telling us we were splashing around too much. Making too much noise."

"That's right. She made us all nervous." Vanessa gazed at her. "Was that the only time you've swam naked in the school pool?"

"No," Michelle said. "What about you?"

"No," Vanessa admitted. "There's been other times." She looked at Charlie. "What about you, Charlie? Ever swam naked in the school pool?"

Charlie shook his head. "I have not."

"You should take him sometime, Michelle," Vanessa said. "We're graduating soon. You won't get another opportunity." They approached a picnic table at the edge of the meadow. Vanessa turned and leaned against the edge of the table. "You weren't worried about getting caught at the pool that night. And you don't seem like you're worried now. You seem very comfortable in your skin."

"I feel very free right now," Michelle said. "Honestly, I'm so happy to be able to tell you everything. I've been so worried about what you would think about me, and what you would think about all of this. It's been hard to keep secrets from you."

"You never had to keep secrets from me," Vanessa said. "I'm always on your side. You know that."

"I know..."

Vanessa gestured towards the moonlit meadow that surrounded them. "So what do you usually do? You come here, you take off your clothes, you walk around? Do you always follow the same path through the gardens?"

"No. We explore. We go different places," Michelle said.

"The only rule is, we don't go near the Shamrock," Charlie said. "That's the restaurant on the north side. Sometimes the staff is there late, cleaning up."

"That's the only rule, huh? Good to know." Vanessa turned to Charlie. She smiled slightly so that he could see her fanglike canines. "Charlie, you're good at keeping secrets. I know you'll keep this to yourself." She removed her black jacket and draped it over the picnic table.

Even with his own girlfriend standing in front of him completely naked, Charlie couldn't help but admire the way that Vanessa's tank top clung to her body. In her tight yoga pants and tight top, it was easy to envision what her body looked under her clothes. In a flash, Charlie remembered his dream about Vanessa, where she had undressed in the school cafeteria, and he felt himself becoming erect. He forced himself to look away, raising his eyes to the moon.

Vanessa was intimidating in real life. Even Michelle seemed a little intimidated by her, and Michelle was her best friend. Charlie wondered how he could have ever had a dream where Vanessa acted so submissively. A dream which had made him climax in his sleep, which was even more embarrassing.

"You're really going to?" The excitement in Michelle's voice called Charlie's attention back to Vanessa, and he was shocked to see that Vanessa's tank top now lay neatly folded on top of her jacket. Vanessa wore a red satin bra and she was preparing to pull down her yoga pants. Charlie couldn't stop himself from watching now, just as he couldn't stop his erection from growing. He could scarcely believe what he was seeing. Was this really happening? Was Vampire Vanessa actually stripping right in front of him?

"I've walked through these gardens a bunch of times," Vanessa said. "I've never had the chance before to do it in the nude. Why not? It seems like it could be fun." She looked over at Charlie, and he thought she was going to say something to him, but instead she quickly looked away. Leaning against the table, she stripped the tight yoga pants down her legs, revealing red thong panties that matched her bra.

"You don't need to wear your shoes if you don't want to," Michelle said. "I walk around barefoot. The paths are paved, there's no rocks or anything."

"Okay." Vanessa put her shoes on the bench. She reached back to unsnap her bra, but hesitated, glancing again at Charlie. "You don't have to stare, Charlie."

Michelle giggled.

"What's funny?" Vanessa asked.

"It just reminded me of the first time Charlie caught me naked in the school hallway. I told him to look away, and he said, 'if you think I'm going to pass up the opportunity to see you naked, you're crazy!'" Michelle stepped closer to Vanessa. "Here, let me help." Her hands moved behind Vanessa's back and Vanessa's bra came loose.

"I really need to hear that story." Vanessa slipped her bra off. Her breasts were smaller than Michelle's and her nipples were tiny circles that looked dark brown in the moonlight. Her skin looked pale, and Charlie noted a dark freckle just below her left breast. Vanessa held her bra to the side, letting it dangle from her fingers, and Charlie thought for a moment that she would let it drop to the ground. Instead, she slipped it inside her jacket on the table.

She was still facing the table when she pulled down her panties, so Charlie got to see her perfect ass first. She deposited her panties into her jacket alongside her bra, then boldly turned to face him, allowing him to see her front. He wasn't surprised to see that her pubic hair was removed, just as it had been in his dream of her.

Michelle grabbed her best friend's hand. "Run across the meadow with me!" she urged, and Vanessa laughed. The two naked girls took off, running and jumping across the empty expanse of grass, sprinting towards a line of oak trees on the far side.

Charlie didn't go with them. He was happy just watching them. They paused under the oak trees to catch their breath, about fifty feet away; Charlie heard their voices talking, though he couldn't make out the words. He heard Michelle's laugh, that laugh that he could recognize anywhere. Then they were returning, running towards him, and he couldn't help noticing the way their breasts rose and fell as they jogged.

"Charlie!" Michelle called to him as she neared. "Let's go! Let's walk up that trail to the fence. Then we can circle around."

"Are my clothes all right here?" Vanessa asked. "Should I hide them?""

"They're fine. No one will touch them," Michelle said. "No one else is here." She smiled. "Also, I have some spare clothes in my car that you could borrow if anything happens."

"Okay," Vanessa said. "Let's go for a walk, then. And you can tell me more about what you and Charlie have been up to. Because it sounds like you've been having a really interesting time."

Michelle caught Charlie's eye. "We have," she admitted, and Charlie wondered again how much information Michelle was going to share with her best friend. Was she going to tell her everything? Everything everything?

"Tell me about that first time," Vanessa said. "He caught you walking naked through the school. Why were you walking naked through the school, anyway?"

"Because I could," Michelle said. They found a trail that led uphill and Michelle told the story of her first encounter with Charlie. Charlie walked behind them, listening to their conversation. He listened as Michelle told her best friend about getting caught in the Front Tee on a Saturday when Daryl the security guard was on vacation. About watching porn with Charlie in the editing bay. About walking across the parking lot naked, about having sex in a science room.

He listened to Michelle's words and he stared at the two naked women walking in front of him. He still thought Michelle was the most beautiful girl at Pine Hills High, but Vanessa was right there with her. Throughout high school, he had stood in the stands of football games and basketball games, getting footage of the cheerleaders doing their routines during timeouts and between quarters, and Vanessa was often at the center of his shot. Now she was naked right in front of him, close enough to touch, and he could barely believe it.

Michelle's narrative jumped ahead to her second encounter with Charlie, a few weeks after the first. She had taken off all her clothes and slid them into Charlie's locked car through the partially open window, so that she couldn't have access to them. When she appeared to Charlie in the editing bay, she was already naked. "Wait," Vanessa said. "So you ran into Charlie that first Saturday, you spent some time together and you ended up having sex. A couple weeks later, you went back to the school, because you knew he was there, to have sex with him again?"

"Uh huh," Michelle said. "I did."

Vanessa turned to face Charlie. "Must've been some pretty good sex, then."

He didn't know what to say.

"It was very good sex," Michelle said. "Especially after everything else that happened that day."

"Do you have a nice cock, Charlie?" Vanessa asked sweetly. "I bet you do."

"Uh..."

"Let's have a look." She gazed at him expectantly.

Charlie looked between the two girls. "Huh? You want me to take it out?"

Michelle just giggled. Vanessa said, "I'd like to see it. I'm curious to see what Michelle's so excited about. I think it's only fair; Michelle and I are both naked, and you can see every inch of us. Plus, it's pretty obvious you're super hard. The shape of it is pretty clear."

It was the truth; he was fully erect, and his cock felt like it was getting even harder the more she talked about seeing it. Michelle wasn't saying anything to stop him, so Charlie gave Vanessa what she wanted. He undid his zipper, tugged down the front of his pants and let his cock spring free. It jutted towards Vanessa, curling up in a slight arc, the head swollen and throbbing.

Vanessa eyed his erection with interest. "Ah," she purred. "Now this whole thing between you and Michelle makes a little more sense."

She shifted her weight slightly and Charlie felt suddenly certain that she meant to reach out and catch his cock in her hand. He flinched, his foot moving just the slightest bit back, barely an inch, but enough for the movement to be visible. His cock, on the other hand, flexed upward, moving without his conscious thought, as if straining to reach her.

Vanessa didn't miss either movement. She smiled, exposing her two tiny fangs. Her eyes gazed at his erection as if she was considering the possible uses for it.

Then a hand did wrap around his cock. Michelle's hand. She squeezed him in a tight grip and the pleasure it gave him almost made him moan. Michelle stepped closer, close enough that he could smell her sweet scent. Her skin looked flushed and she was out of breath. Her eyes sparkled with possibilities. He knew that if he reached between her legs, he would find her dripping wet.

For a moment, he imagined doing exactly that. He would show Vanessa how easy it was for him to touch Michelle's body, how he was accustomed to touching her wherever he liked when she was naked. He would push his fingers into Michelle in front of Vanessa, maybe even fuck her. Would it turn Michelle on if he suddenly turned her around, bent her over and fucked her in front of her best friend?

Michelle released his cock. She giggled and turned away, darting up the trail, leaving his erection bobbing in the air. He was surprised by her sudden retreat. Maybe she had sensed Charlie's thoughts and felt a need to escape them, or maybe she was escaping from her own dirty thoughts. Maybe she and Charlie had been close to crossing a line she wasn't ready to cross.

Whatever her reason, she left him standing awkwardly in front of Vanessa, with his cock exposed and erect, pointing towards Vanessa's nude body. Vanessa was in no hurry to chase after her friend; she smiled at Charlie, seemingly amused by his discomfort. This time, she really did reach out and take hold of his cock, letting it rest against her palm, lightly tracing her fingernails across his taut skin. He didn't flinch away, although his groin tightened abruptly and he almost thought he was going to cum right then and there. "Thank you for indulging me," Vanessa said. "You're welcome to leave it out, but I'll understand if you'd prefer to put it away." She pulled her hand away and walked after Michelle.

Charlie stood for a moment by himself, his heart pounding, watching the two naked women disappear into the darkness. Then he shoved his cock back into his pants and hurried to follow them.

When he caught up, Vanessa was saying to Michelle, "...not everything, but if you've done anything new and exciting, you have to tell me. You said no more secrets. And you know I've always shared everything with you."

"I know," Michelle said. "I meant it. No more secrets."

"So tell me."

Michelle exchanged a glance with Charlie. "I'm not sure where to start."

"Start with school."

So Michelle began her confession, a list of her scandalous behavior with Charlie at school. Every place she'd been naked. Every place where they had sex. The science room, the locker room, the sound booth at the auditorium.

"During the performance?" Vanessa was impressed. "You're a man of many talents, Charlie."

The only act that really shocked Vanessa was when Michelle explained how Daryl the security guard had caught her walking naked by the cafeteria. "You kissed him?" Vanessa gaped at her. "You were naked and you kissed him? You little slut!"

Michelle put her hands over her face, embarrassed. "I know! I know! Please don't tell anyone!"

"I won't. But... wow. I'm just so surprised that you would do something like that."

"I know. I was surprised, too, when I did it. When Charlie and I are together... it just gets so intense sometimes! It's like we're constantly daring each other to go further."

"If that's just what you've done at the school, I'm almost scared to ask where you've had sex outside of school," Vanessa remarked.

"Well," Charlie said, pointing at a bench at the park, "right there, for one."

"You've had sex right there?"

Michelle nodded. "All over these gardens, basically."

"We had sex in a movie theater," Charlie said nonchalantly.

"You did?" Vanessa asked. "What movie?"

"It was a bad movie," Charlie said. "Called 'Night Crew'."

Vanessa stared at Michelle. "You're fucking kidding me."

Michelle hid her face again. "I know! I know!"

"I mean... I was suspicious because you were gone a while... but I thought you were calling Charlie in the lobby... he was actually there? You two were in the same theater, having sex, where we were watching the movie?" Vanessa shook her head incredulously while Michelle pressed her hands over her eyes, too embarrassed to look at her friend. "And you didn't say a single word about it! Was he your secret date or something? You brought him to the theater just so you two could have that moment where you slipped away to have secret public sex?"

Michelle was giggling through her fingers. She couldn't control her laughter. "I know! I know!" she said. "I'm terrible!"

Vanessa looked like she had more to say, but at that moment, a voice came from the darkness. "Hey, guys. Is everyone having a nice evening?"

Charlie realized they had made a mistake when he saw the terrified expression on Vanessa's face. They had forgotten to warn her about Nick.

Nick appeared out of the darkness. He wore his usual blue security guard uniform and carried a flashlight, although it wasn't on. "Hey, Charlie. Hey, Michelle," he greeted them. "Just doing my rounds." He smiled at Vanessa. "Hey. You must be Vanessa."

Vanessa had her left arm crossed over her breasts and her right hand pressed between her legs. Her legs were clinched tightly together and she stood sideways, as if to make herself harder to see. "Who are you?" she stammered. Charlie had never seen her look so vulnerable.

Michelle hurried to reassure her. "Oh, this is just Nick! He's the security guard here! Remember how I said that we're friends with the security guard? That's how we get in at night!"

"I went to Pine Hills High, too," Nick said. "My sister still goes there. Ronni Arthur? Do you know her?"

Vanessa nodded rapidly. "Yes. I know Ronni. And I remember you from Pine Hills. I just didn't expect..." She glared at Michelle. "Michelle should have warned me there was someone else we might run into."

Nick waved away her concerns. "Oh, don't even worry," he said. "I'm used to Michelle by now. She treats Greenholt Gardens like it's her personal nudist resort. I hardly ever see her with clothes on here."

"Seriously?" Vanessa asked.

"Yeah." Nick grinned. "She's naked before she even walks in. She leaves her clothes in her car most of the time."

"Does she really?" Vanessa asked, glancing at Michelle.

"Yeah. She's very comfortable here," Nick said. "No one else is around at night. It's a safe place. No one is going to see you."

Vanessa stood up straighter. With some effort of will, she pulled her hands away from her bikini areas, allowing Nick to see her body. "Except you, I guess. Yes, I'm Vanessa, Michelle's friend. Nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you, Vanessa." Nick turned towards Charlie and Michelle. "I'm just checking the perimeter. I'm headed back now. Maybe I'll see you back by the snack bar."

"Sure," Michelle said. "See you, Nick. Thanks for letting us be in the gardens at night."

"No problem." He flashed another smile at Vanessa. "Have fun." He walked past them and disappeared into the darkness.

Vanessa waited a minute after he left before she spoke. "God, Michelle!" she scolded. "You said we were alone out here."

"Sorry!" Michelle exchanged a sheepish look with Charlie. "Honestly, I'm just so used to Nick... I wasn't even thinking about him."

"Me, either," Charlie said. "Sorry."

Vanessa closed her eyes. "Well, that was interesting. I've never been introduced to a stranger before while I was completely naked. It's a weird feeling. I'm glad he was cool about it."

"He's so nice," Michelle said. "A real gentleman. He always treats me with respect, even when I'm acting crazy."

"Acting crazy?" Vanessa asked. "What do you mean?"

"Mmm." Michelle squirmed, reluctant to answer. But she had promised Vanessa, no more secrets. "I tease him sometimes," she said. "I probably tease him too much."

"Like how?"

"Like I'll leave my legs open when I'm sitting so he can see me. Like, really obviously open. I'm not very modest at all around him when I'm naked. And I give him hugs all the time. Naked hugs." She shrugged. "He knows that I get off on being seen. But he never tries to take advantage of it."

"Does he ever try to feel you up?" Vanessa asked.

"Never," Michelle said. "Even when he could. Like, even when it's obvious that I'm turned on and he could get away with it, he never does. He's always respectful."

"Even the other night," Charlie said, and Michelle flashed him a warning look. It was too late; Vanessa was interested.

"What happened the other night?" she asked.

Michelle turned away, too embarrassed to be seen as Charlie told the story. "We were putting away some equipment, here in the garden," Charlie said. "Me and Nick. Michelle was naked, sitting in a chair, and she started to play with herself. She got into it. Nick didn't say anything, and he didn't stop to stare at her. He just kept working, walking around her, picking up the equipment while she got herself off."

"Michelle!" Vanessa was shocked. "That's so kinky! Did you actually have an orgasm while he was right there?"

Michelle pulled her hands away from her blushing face. "It felt so good," she said softly. "I was so turned on... knowing everyone could see me... it was so hot..."

Vanessa shook her head. "I'm so astonished. I never suspected you were like this. You're such an exhibitionist!" Vanessa paused as she made a connection. "Wait. You said you were working on a film here. What kind of film are we talking about? Is Michelle nude in any of it?"

"No," Charlie said. "The film we just shot here doesn't have any nudity."

"So you've never filmed Michelle while she was naked?"

"I have," Charlie admitted. "A few times. But we've never saved the footage. We record over it right away. And it was never for any movie."

"What, just for fun?"

"Yeah. And for the thrill of being recorded, I guess." Charlie glanced at Michelle. "The idea that someone might see it later." He waited to see if Michelle would bring up the film she wanted to work on. It seemed like a good time to pitch Vanessa on playing the role of Ingrid. But Michelle was quiet. Maybe she was still overwhelmed by having her secrets revealed to her best friend.

They followed a path that circled through the southwest part of the garden, and now they approached the Concert Meadow again. "My clothes are gone," Vanessa said, peering into the distance. She pointed at a bench at the edge of the meadow. "That's the one, isn't it? That's where I left them?"

"Maybe it was a different bench?" Michelle suggested.

"I don't think so. I'm sure it was that one. My clothes are gone!"

"Nick might have taken them," Charlie said. "I'll run over and check with him. Maybe he brought them back to the snack bar."

"Yeah, Nick probably took them," Michelle said. "It's all right. Let's all walk over there together."

Vanessa followed them reluctantly as they went towards the snack bar. "Why would Nick take my clothes? He wants me to stay like this?"

"Probably just to keep them safe," Michelle said. "He's done the same thing to me before." Michelle took Vanessa's arm. "Anyhow, there's a tradition you need to follow."

"What?"

"Before you get dressed, you need to steal a drink from the snack bar."

Nick must have seen them on one of the cameras because he emerged from the security booth as they walked up. "Sorry, I saw the clothes on that bench and I thought they belonged to Michelle," he said, when they asked about Vanessa's missing items. "They're in the snack bar, on one of the tables. Also, a blue dress I found on the grass here... that was probably Michelle's, right?"

"Uh-huh."

"It's on the table, too. Everything I found is on the table." Nick grinned. "I should've known the stuff on the bench didn't belong to Michelle. Everything was folded and stacked neatly. Michelle usually just throws her clothes on the ground and leaves them there."

The two naked women entered the snack bar to find their clothes. As Charlie watched them go, he recalled that Nick had seen Michelle in her blue dress earlier. Nick must have suspected when he found the black and red clothing on the bench, that the items belonged to Vanessa rather than Michelle.

Charlie and Nick followed the women into the snack bar, but when they entered, they found the pile of clothing still untouched on the table and both of the women nowhere to be seen. The door to the cooler creaked from the back of the snack bar; Michelle and Vanessa, still naked, were getting drinks, fulfilling Michelle's tradition.

The girls returned. "A Sprite for Charlie," Michelle said, holding out the drink, "and a Coke for Nick." Vanessa had Nick's Coke. Nick accepted it from her, mumbling a distracted thank you under his breath. Michelle was holding her usual Snapple, and Vanessa was holding a beer. Charlie waited to see if Nick would say anything about the beer; he had told them on a previous visit that Greenholt Gardens kept a closer eye on the inventory of alcoholic drinks. But Nick didn't say anything.

The girls continued to ignore the stack of clothing; they remained naked as they sat down in front of the TV. If Michelle's tradition was to remain naked while she stole a drink from the snack bar, it was also her tradition to be naked while she consumed the drink. Charlie couldn't remember her ever drinking her usual Snapple while wearing clothes. It seemed Vanessa intended to do the same.

They sat in the snack bar and watched TV, or rather, the TV was on while they sat in front of it and talked. Vanessa's boldness had returned, or maybe Michelle's praise of Nick had convinced her that she could be relaxed in his presence. Vanessa asked Nick about his time at Pine Hills High, and they talked about the classes he took, the teachers they both knew, members of his class that Vanessa remembered. Vanessa was three years younger, but she and Nick still knew a surprising number of the same people.

Charlie noticed the relaxed way that Vanessa sat in her chair, and he wondered if it was intentional. Michelle had confessed to sometimes teasing Nick; was Vanessa doing some teasing of her own? She sat with her left leg up and to the side, her right leg angled in the other direction. Her body slouched in her seat so that her ass perched on the edge. How could Nick concentrate on her questions when he had such a provocative view between her legs?

Charlie couldn't help himself from peeking every minute or so, probably more than he intended. He hoped it wasn't obvious that he was admiring Vanessa's body, especially with Michelle right there. But he doubted he would have another opportunity to see the famous Vampire Vanessa Watson naked, and he didn't want to squander it.

It turned that Vanessa knew Marta Solkov, the girl Nick had taken to the prom. Vanessa had been on swim teams with her. "She moved to Fresno, right?" Vanessa asked.

"Yeah, she did," Nick said. "We were together all of senior year, but she moved away after graduation. We tried to do a long-distance thing, but it wasn't working for either of us."

"Do you have a girlfriend now?" Vanessa asked.

Nick chuckled. "Nah. This job, working nights, it gets in the way of having a normal social life. I'm not really worried about dating at the moment. Just trying to make money so I can get my own place. The rest of my life is on pause."

"Right." Vanessa glanced at Michelle. "Well, at least you have Michelle to look at. Must be nice having a beautiful naked woman coming to visit you at work, huh?"

Maybe the direct question was meant to catch Nick off-guard, but Nick just shrugged. "Yeah. But I'm used to Michelle," Nick said. "These days, I think of Michelle as a nudist more than I think of her as being naked. Yeah, she hardly ever wears clothes when she's here. She's very comfortable in just her skin."

"You don't notice she's naked anymore?"

Nick chuckled. "Oh, I always notice. But it just seems natural to me now. It's the way she likes to be. The way she is." He drank the last sip of his Coke and tossed the bottle into a nearby recycling bin. "Anyhow, she's Charlie's girl." He stood up and motioned towards Vanessa's beer. "You want another?"

Vanessa grinned and lifted the beer in her hand, showing it was still heavy. "I've barely touched this one," she said. "Do you need to get back to work?"

"Yeah," Nick said. "I probably ought to."

"Then let me say goodbye." Vanessa stood. "I need to leave soon anyway. And I want to thank you for letting me walk around these Gardens at night. It's been an interesting experience." She smiled at Nick, walking over to stand in front of him. "Michelle tells me this is how we say goodbye here." She embraced him in a light hug and stretched up to press a soft kiss on his lips.

Nick was clearly surprised. He stood awkwardly, his hands still at his side, too astonished to even think of returning her embrace. Vanessa released him and stepped back. She grinned, her fangs visible, amused by his reaction.

"I wanted to test something that Michelle said," she told Nick. "She said you're such a gentleman that I could step up to you, completely naked, and hug and kiss you, and you wouldn't even try to touch me. I guess she was right, huh?"

"Uh..." Nick didn't know what to say.

"Here's the thing, though," Vanessa continued. "You're careful with Michelle, because she has Charlie... she has a boyfriend... but me, I don't have a boyfriend..." She reached for Nick's hand and drew it towards her chest. She pressed his palm to her breast. "So maybe you don't have to worry so much about not touching me when I kiss you."

This time, when she stepped forward to kiss him goodbye, he accepted her invitation to put his hands on her body. One hand slid behind her back, pulling her against him, the other remained on her breast, squeezing and fondling it. Their kiss lasted longer, much longer, and both of them seemed to enjoy it significantly more than the first kiss.

Vanessa pulled away. "There. Wasn't that better?" Her tongue moved over her lips, as if sampling the lingering taste of him. She smiled. "I'm going to get dressed now." Nick reluctantly let his hand slip away from her ass as she turned and walked over to the table that held her clothes. With her back towards Nick, Vanessa fished her bra and panties out of the pile and began to dress.

Nick watched her for a moment, watched as she pulled on her red thong, her red bra. When she pulled on her black yoga pants, Nick turned and shuffled away, out the front door to the snack bar, into the gardens. He still had a vacant look on his face as he left, like a man sleepwalking who didn't want to wake up from the dream he was having.

Charlie watched Vanessa as she finished dressing. She had told Nick that she didn't have a boyfriend, and that made Charlie wonder about her relationship with Cody. Did she not count Cody as a boyfriend? Or maybe they had broken up? Charlie still considered Cody his nemesis, and the petty part of him hoped that this evening at the Gardens had interfered with Cody and Vanessa's relationship. Cody didn't deserve to be dating someone like Vanessa.

Hey, Cody, I had fun with your girlfriend last night. She was naked most of the time. She looks amazing naked, doesn't she? I pulled out my cock so she could see how hard it was, and she was so impressed that she had to put her fingers around it. Your girlfriend's hand felt pretty good on my cock, Cody. Or is she your ex-girlfriend now? Because after she touched my cock, she said she didn't have a boyfriend...

"I'm going to walk Vanessa to her car," Michelle told him, pulling him out of his reverie. He noticed that Michelle was wearing her blue dress again. Vanessa was fully dressed. "Will you make sure I don't get locked out?"

"Sure," Charlie said. He followed Michelle and Vanessa as they walked through the snack bar to the back door that led to the parking lot. The two girls talked in low voices as they walked, and Charlie couldn't hear what was being said. He didn't try to eavesdrop. A lot had happened that evening, and the two friends had broken a barrier of secrecy that had been keeping them apart for a while. Undoubtedly, they had a lot to say to each other.

He propped the back door with the rock that Nick kept there for that purpose, and stood in the doorway, watching as Michelle walked Vanessa to her car. The two girls talked for a bit; they hugged; they talked some more, and then they hugged again, a long hug. Charlie couldn't hear any of what they said, but it wasn't hard to decipher. Close friends renewing their friendship, the confession of a secret allowing them both to be closer.

Then Vanessa smiled, showing her two fangs, and murmured something to Michelle. Charlie didn't know what she said, but he could see the effect it had on Michelle, the tension that suddenly bloomed between the two girls. Vanessa's smile was challenging, Michelle was anxious, and Charlie knew that Vanessa had suggested something that Michelle hadn't expected.

"Charlie," Vanessa called to him. "Does Michelle ever say goodbye to you or Nick in this parking lot?"

"Yes."

"Is she ever naked when she does it?"

"Yes," he admitted. "She usually is."

Vanessa nodded to Michelle. "Well, then."

Michelle hesitated for a moment. Then she started to undo the buttons on her dress. She only had to do the first couple before she was able to shrug the dress off her shoulders. She hadn't bothered to wear anything underneath; probably she had expected to strip again as soon as Vanessa left. When the dress fell around her feet, she was completely nude.

Michelle stepped forward and embraced Vanessa again. But this was different from their previous hugs; this wasn't a friendship hug. It was like the goodbye hugs that Michelle gave Nick, the hugs where she seemed to be offering her body to him, daring him to touch her. Nick had always restrained himself, but Vanessa didn't show any hesitation. First, she clutched Michelle's ass, pulling the other girl close, then her hands went to Michelle's breasts, squeezing and stroking them. Michelle took in a sharp breath as Vanessa pinched her nipples; her eyes fluttered. She leaned forward and kissed Vanessa on the lips.

Charlie was fiercely erect as he watched the two girls kissing each other, one of them fully dressed, the other completely naked. Michelle, his Michelle, the naked one, her body at the mercy of her best friend's exploration, no part of herself forbidden. He watched Vanessa's hand slide between Michelle's legs. "You're so turned on!" she purred, delighted by how easily her finger slipped into Michelle's slick pussy. Michelle trembled but could offer no protest. She had spent the evening confessing her secret desires to Vanessa: her desire to be naked; to be submissive; to have her body available for others to touch. How could she object now that Vanessa was fulfilling those fantasies?

Charlie touched the front of his pants, pressing his fingers against the bulge of his cock. He could feel it clearly outlined by the fabric, fully erect, straining against its imprisonment. Shrugging, he reached for his zipper; he set it free, opening the front of his pants, pulling the length of it out and letting it bob in the air. Why not? Vanessa had wanted to see it before, she had touched it. "You're welcome to leave it out," she had said. So why not? The head of his cock pointed at the two girls like an arrow; he wrapped his fingers around it, squeezed it, stroked it. He knew he could easily make himself cum.

How could he be expected to remain an indifferent observer of this erotic display, anyway? Michelle was his girlfriend, whether Vanessa appreciated that fact or not, and right now his girlfriend was standing naked right in front of him, in the middle of a public parking lot, being fondled and fingered by her equally beautiful best friend. Was he supposed to pretend it didn't affect him?

"Good night, my beautiful darling," he heard Vanessa say to Michelle. "Thanks for finally letting me into your world." Vanessa stepped away from Michelle, leaving the naked girl swaying in place. A few strands of Vanessa's dark hair had fallen over her face; Vanessa caught the strands in her fingers and pushed them back behind her ear. She was grinning. Then she glanced at Charlie and her smile faltered; she stared. She hadn't noticed that his cock was out.

"Will you say good night to me, too, Vanessa?" he asked. He leaned back against the doorframe, his hands at his side. His erection jutted towards her like a challenge.

Vanessa regarded his cock silently for a moment. "Of course," she answered. She walked over to him.

He didn't know what to expect from her, and his cock twitched involuntarily as she approached. A kiss on the cheek, perhaps. Maybe her fingers on his shaft, lightly cradling him, squeezing him as she had in the Gardens. Just being exposed in front of her was turning him on immensely.

She stopped in front of him, his cock just six inches from her body. Her demeanor had changed; her playful smile was gone, and now she looked very serious. Had he made a mistake? Was she offended? Charlie's cock remained stubbornly erect, still achingly swollen despite his growing misgivings.

"We're a pair now," he said to Vanessa. "Me and Michelle. You understand that, right?"

Vanessa nodded. "I do." She reached for the top of her yoga pants and hooked her fingers in the waistband. To his astonishment, she peeled her pants down, bringing them down to her knees, and then her panties followed, also to her knees. She stood in front of him with her pussy exposed.

Vanessa rose up on her toes, opening her legs slightly so that when she shuffled forward, Charlie's cock slid between her thighs. Her pussy rested on top of his shaft; he could feel the heat of it radiating against him. He could also feel how wet she was, her labia soft and slick to the point of being frictionless. When she moved her body back and forth, his cock skated easily between her thighs.

That was how she kissed him goodbye, with his cock squeezed between her legs, and it wasn't a chaste kiss but a hungry one. He put his arms around her, realizing just how petite she was as he held her. She had always seemed so imposing in the hallways and classrooms of Pine Hills High.

She broke their kiss. For a moment, she moved her body back and forth, clutching his cock between her thighs. "Can you feel how horny I am?" she whispered. "You can feel it, right?"

"Yeah." The gap between her thighs was slick with her juice.

She moved away from him, letting his cock slide almost all the way out. Then forward again, only this time she tilted her pelvis, and for a moment, the head of his cock touched her labia, pressing against her before pushing through. Her tight pussy gripped his cock as he penetrated her.

Vanessa sighed as he filled her, inch by slow inch. He held himself steady, letting her have complete control of how much of him was inside her. With his cock just halfway in, she leaned forward to kiss him again, her lips pressing greedily against his, her tongue invading his mouth. When they finally broke this kiss, Charlie realized she had sunk down lower, and now his cock was almost all the way inside her.

"I can see why she's into this," Vanessa murmured.

"You mean being outside?" Charlie asked.

"That, too." Vanessa smiled. "Good night, Charlie." She slipped off him and stepped away. Just like that, his cock was hanging lonely in the air and Vanessa was pulling her pants back up.

Michelle didn't let his erection go to waste. Suddenly, she was there, naked, crouching in front of him. Her mouth slid over his cock while her hand gripped his shaft. She bobbed back and forth, sucking on him, teasing him with her tongue. It didn't take long, probably less than a minute before he climaxed. Michelle leaned back, finishing him off with her hand, aiming his cock so he spattered cum across her neck and breasts.

Immediately afterwards, he heard Vanessa's car pulling out and driving away. She had lingered just long enough to watch.

Michelle rose slowly. Charlie guessed that he had the same expression on his face that she had on hers - dazed, disoriented, coming down from a sexual high, trying to comprehend everything that had just happened. A car sped by on the road that passed the Gardens; not Vanessa's car, but a white pick-up truck. The driver didn't look their way. Charlie knew that he should feel a sense of urgency about their indecent state - standing out in public view, Michelle naked with cum dripping down her front, his cock exposed and still partially erect. But it was sometimes hard to remember what the city of Pine Hills considered indecent. Greenholt Gardens was increasingly becoming a place where the regular rules didn't apply.

Charlie watched Michelle with trepidation as he put his softening cock back into his pants. Vanessa. Michelle's best friend. He had just been inside Michelle's best friend, right in front of her. How was she going to react to that? "Why don't you go inside," he suggested to her. "I have a towel in my car you can clean yourself with. I'll grab it."

Michelle nodded and scooped her dress up off the ground. She disappeared through the back door of the snack bar while Charlie went to get the towel out of his trunk.

Everything was still vivid in his mind. The feel of Vampire Vanessa against his cock, the warmth of her thighs, the clean smell of her. The taste of her mouth as she kissed him. Right in front of Michelle. Charlie clutched the towel in his hand as he went back into the snack bar.

Michelle was sitting down in one of the seats. She accepted the towel from him and began to clean her front. "That was one of the scenarios I was worried about," she said.

"It was?" Charlie dreaded her next words.

"Vanessa being too interested," Michelle said. "I don't want her to think of me as a new toy she can play with."

"Oh." Charlie sat down. "So, you mean... you're worried she's too interested... in you?"

"Yeah."

"You didn't want her to touch you like that?"

Michelle sighed. "I can't lie. I loved it, Charlie. Every second, every touch. It was, oh my god! it was so hot." She shivered. Her knees were pressed tightly together. "I'm just really freaking out about it right now. Nothing like that has ever happened before. Vanessa and I, we've never even come to close to crossing that line, not like that. But when it happened, it was just so easy to do. I was so turned on. I don't know. I don't know what it means."

"Are you worried about seeing her tomorrow at school?"

"Yeah." Michelle shook her head. "I mean, I don't know. She's my best friend, and that hasn't changed. Right? Even if we've kissed now and... and everything else. It shouldn't change anything, right?"

"Right." Charlie stroked Michelle's back in a way that he hoped was reassuring. "I think it'll be okay. Vanessa understands that she needs to ask permission before she crosses that line again."

"But that's what I'm worried about," Michelle said. "She knows what my fantasies are now, she knows what makes me turned on, maybe she could tell how little control I have..."

"Not your permission," Charlie interrupted. "My permission. I'm your boyfriend, right?"

Michelle blinked. "Oh!" she said. "Right."

"I know we have a crazy sex life, but she still shouldn't be making out with my girlfriend unless I say it's okay. She knows our secret now, that I'm your boyfriend, right? So she needs to respect that."

Michelle nodded thoughtfully. "That's true. Well, she did kind of ask you, right? She asked if I was usually naked, you said yes..."

"Yeah. And I told her we're a pair now, one comes with the other."

"Yes. And she understood that, too. Didn't she?" The tip of Michelle's tongue traced her lips. "I could taste her on you."

Charlie said nothing. His face felt hot. Tomorrow, he would also see Vanessa in school, and maybe it would be just as awkward for him as it would be for Michelle. He would see Vanessa in the hallway and he would remember being inside her; his hard dick, her dripping pussy, merged together. His arms around her, her arms around him, their bodies pressed together. They could have fucked so easily. Her mouth on his, the hunger in her kisses. He could have had her, if he had just fed that hunger.

"I still feel good about it," Michelle said.

"About what?"

"About Vanessa knowing. I'm glad she knows. I'm glad I told her."

"Yeah," Charlie said after a moment. "Yeah, me, too."

Nick joined them about fifteen minutes later. Michelle was still naked, and Charlie was wiping his face with a wet paper towel, having spent most of those fifteen minutes with his head between Michelle's legs. Nick walked up to their table. "I want to be in your movie," he said without preamble.

"Huh?" Charlie was confused.

"Your movie," Nick said. "You want to make a second version, with the original script. Right? I know you've been talking about it. And I know you want Vanessa to be Ingrid. So you still need a Max. I'm volunteering."

Charlie and Michelle glanced at each other. "It's not a bad idea," Charlie said. "Nick as Max. Why not? Nick's used to seeing you naked."

"You're naked right now," Nick said.

"Yes," Michelle acknowledged. "I think you'd be perfect as Max. Is it okay, though? Will it interfere with your work?"

"It'll be fine," Nick said. "You've seen how it is here. It's quiet and boring, I spend most of my nights watching TV and they still tell me I'm the best guard they've had in years."

"Cool," Michelle said. "So we have our cast. I'm Gwen... the real Gwen this time. Vanessa is Ingrid, and Nick is Max. I think that sounds perfect."

"Not quite perfect," Charlie said. "You haven't asked Vanessa yet, have you? Maybe she'll say no."

"I'll ask her tomorrow," Michelle said. "I think she'll say yes."

Charlie thought she would, too.

***

Charlie sat with Ronni in the cafeteria later that week. "You know," Ronni said, "I'm glad we're reshooting it. The first one is fine, I think it works, and it'll be nice to have a version that we can show people here at school. But the original script is better. The nudity makes it more surreal."

Charlie nodded. "Yeah. And in theory, it'll be better because we know what we're doing this time. Right?"

Ronni smiled. "Yes. We have practice now." She took a bite of her peach and remarked, casually, "Did you know Vanessa was at Greenholt Gardens last night?"

"She was?"

"Yup. Apparently, she stopped by to keep Nick company for a couple hours. He was pretty happy about it this morning."

"Wow." Charlie nodded. Good for Nick, he thought. Vanessa had already agreed to be Ingrid in their new film, and she had been intrigued when Michelle revealed that Nick would be playing the opposite role.

So maybe, possibly their Max and Ingrid might really be falling for each other.

"My brother and Vampire Vanessa," Ronni said. "I really wouldn't have predicted that combination. Look, there she is now. And there's your girlfriend."

Charlie glanced over his shoulder and saw the usual group of senior girls sitting down at their table in the middle of the cafeteria. He saw Michelle and Vanessa, Tina, Hailey. Now he saw the football players coming to join them. Cody, Calvin. Glenn Mack.

"Vanessa asked if I wanted to have lunch with them today," Ronni said.

"Really?"

"Yeah. I guess I'm getting more popular. I already know Michelle, of course, and now Vanessa wants to be my friend, too."

"You said no?"

Ronni smiled crookedly. "Yeah. I was going to eat lunch with you. I'll join the popular kid's table when you do, Charlie."

Charlie took a second glance over his shoulder at that table. It was still hard to imagine being over there, publicly acknowledged as Michelle's boyfriend. He loved Michelle, but he didn't really want to be one of the popular kids. "Still a few guys who don't want to see me over there," he said, as he looked in particular at Cody. If Vanessa was starting to spend time with Nick, did that mean she had broken up with Cody? He could see that Vanessa and Cody weren't sitting next to each other.

"That's fine," Ronni said. "I'd rather be over here, anyway."

***

That night, Charlie couldn't sleep. The glowing numbers on his digital clock showed the time was long past midnight, and he was too restless to drift off. Finally, he got up and turned on his computer.

He went through his video files and found the file named "MICHPROJ". Putting on his headphones, he started the video playing.

He had said to Michelle that it wasn't finished. The honest truth was that he hadn't made any changes to it in weeks. The project had been a way for him to yearn for Michelle while he wasn't with her, when he didn't know if he had any future with her. Now that he was spending so much time with her, he didn't think about his Michelle tribute very often.

The tone of the project no longer fit his feelings for Michelle. The video seemed wistful, like someone in the far-off future recalling fond memories of a pretty cheerleader from high school. It lacked the vibrancy of the real-life Michelle and her constant desire to push at her own boundaries. It didn't have the Bonnie and Clyde thrill that was so much a part of their current relationship.

Charlie watched the whole video, then closed it. He gazed at the file on his screen for a long moment, then he selected it and made a copy. He named the copy: "MICHPROJ X."

Just like his student film. One version clean. One version dirty.

Charlie went to a different folder and found another file. This one, he had simply named "File13". A name so boring that hopefully no one would consider opening it, even if they found it on his computer.

He opened the file.

An image appeared on his screen. Michelle, in front of the camera, naked, her hand between her legs. As she fingered herself, Nick passed by behind her, carrying equipment. Thirty seconds later, Ronni was visible behind her, putting away gear in the background while Michelle furiously masturbated in the foreground.

Every night, he told himself he would watch the clip one more time and then delete it, just as he had deleted it off the camera. And every night, he ended up keeping it just one more day.

Tonight, he opened up the copy he had just created, "MICHPROJ X", in the film editor, and then he imported "File13" into available footage. Naked Michelle appeared on his screen.

A clean version and a dirty version. Time to start work on the Michelle tribute dirty version.

He began editing.
