Title: Yet another untitled Kink Meme Ficlet
Fandom: Star Trek XI
Pairing: Chekov/Sulu ; other characters appear
Rating: NC-17
Contents: Slash, non-con, bondage, violence.
Warnings: Aliens make them do it, literally. Heed the list of ingredients.
Disclaimer: Not mine no matter what I inflict on them.

This isn't them. Hikaru keeps thinking that as he groans with sick pleasure and the ropes burn his wrists and ankles, as Pavel moans in his ear and those long slender thighs tense over his. Pavel rocks as he rides Hikaru, because the bastards tied his hands behind his back and blindfolded them both, and he's been shivering since they dragged him over and made him suck Hikaru hard, but he moans because he's never not moaned when Hikaru's inside him. Hikaru's wrists might be bleeding but he keeps twisting them, trying to get one loose so he can touch Pavel's damp hair, stroke the shivers from his spine, and oh, untying them both and breaking a few heads would be good, too, if Hikaru could just get free. If he could just concentrate against the fire running in his veins, against how good Pavel always, always feels around him.

Even if this isn't them. This isn't how they are with each other, in bed or anywhere else. This is what their captors are forcing them to do, jeering lasciviously as Captain Kirk and Ensign Mahdevi shout from where they're chained to the wall, and none of it's louder than Pavel's moans as he rides Hikaru desperately. The bastards promised to release whichever of them comes first, to "tell your ship to mourn her feckless Captain and the Federation to stay away from our planet," and Hikaru can feel Pavel's determination in every thrust, hear it in every sobbing moan. If he could just touch Pavel he could even those odds too.

Pavel's sobs rise in pitch, and he shakes harder, he's going to come despite how awful this is, and Hikaru is fiercely glad. He doesn't trust their captors further than he could throw any of them (though with a tractor beam he could throw them into their fucking sun) but just possibly they'll do what they said so he rocks up as far as he can, thrusting to meet Pavel. He doesn't listen to the cheering rise, or the strain in Kirk's voice and Mahdevi's harsh weeping, or the smack each time their bodies meet; he bites his lip to suppress his own groan and listens to Pavel's voice, nosing blindly until he finds Pavel's jaw with his mouth and can murmur under cover of a kiss, "It's okay, we're okay. Go on, come for me."

And Pavel does, hot between their bellies, his whole body shuddering, his chest heaving as his voice breaks with his sobs, his tears tears wetting the side of Hikaru's face. Hikaru can't stroke his hair and his back, can't untie him and get them out of here, but he can kiss along Pavel's jaw to awkwardly meet his mouth, can kiss him with everything he can't say in this jeering circle, as comfortingly as he can. Pavel's shaking and gasping but he kisses back as he starts thrusting again, and he doesn't have to, he really doesn't have to, but Hikaru couldn't tell him so anyway. He can't give Pavel anything helpful but he can give him what he wants, he can come for him too, kissing him breathlessly through it like it's the last time, which it's looking like it might be.

The jeers rise to mocking cheers, and someone loudly and sarcastically says, "How sweet!" in Standard for their benefit. Footsteps stride towards them, and Hikaru feels Pavel tense at the sound, kisses him even more fervently for what little time they have left.

Then everything goes loud and white, and Hikaru finds himself lying on the floor, still in the chair, Pavel a tumble of limbs atop him as chaos surges around them. "Enterprise," says the cool welcome voice of Commander Spock, "beam five to Sickbay--"

"Four!" Kirk insists. "Let's clean this up, guys!" is the last thing Hikaru hears as the familiar transporter-beam tingle enfolds him. Pavel makes a hitching noise just as everything goes away, and Hikaru doesn't know if he was crying or laughing; he rematerialzes laid out on a bed, laughing himself because this narrow escape and the solid knowledge that the Enterprise wouldn't leave them behind? That's them.

His hands are free, and when he rips the damn blindfold off all he sees is Pavel safe on the next bed, bruised and red-eyed and holding out a hand to him, smiling ear to ear. This is definitely them.