Title: Hard Sell II
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Katrina takes Lynda out for a date--and grabs some take-
out to eat at home.
Keywords: FF FF+ mc

Hard Sell II
by Bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

It took about two months for Katrina to finally decide to act like a
more civilized woman. Penelope, the girl she'd found jogging in the
park one day who had been given an "invitation" to come live with the
femme family, was released into the world--as a rather suggestible
and sexually insatiable lesbian. Thankfully for her, she had not been
in a long-term relationship.

Not that it mattered to Katrina, of course. She let Penelope go
because she just didn't get the same thrill taking a free woman as
she did taking an attached one. Doing that filled a hole in her that
no combination of fingers, tongues, or other impliments in her
collection of toys (which included, at present, a number of dildos,
some bondage equipment, and of course, Lynda, Dana, and Lynda's pet,
Julie) ever could. It's as if she got off on the act of stealing love.

But, it was Lynda's birthday, and Katrina had decided that it was
time to go public with their relationship.  She would take Lynda on
her first real-life, fancy-restaurant date. When she had told Lynda,
her reaction was actually heart-warming. Lynda was not only a sex
slave, but truly in love with Katrina, and even Kat couldn't deny
that it felt good to be loved.

"Even if it is fake," Katrina said to herself as she looked up and
down her body in the full-length mirror. She admired herself, and had
every right to do so. She was wearing a navy blue cocktail dress that
was slightly sheer in the arms, legs, and upper chest. Her body was
amazingly curvy considering her six-foot tall stature. She even
teased her long, red hair so that it hung over part of her face,
covering the left side of her face completely. Her head was bent
forward, and she was looking straight ahead--'Damn,' she thought,
'even without any powers, how could anybody possibly resist this
look?'

Adjusting her strapless bra as an excuse to feel her tits, she
waited for Lynda to come out of the bathroom in the little black
number she'd bought earlier in the day. When she emerged minutes
later, they left.

"Spellacy, party of two," Katrina informed the maitre d' when they
arrived. With a gentle mental nudge, the customary tip was not
necessary.

"Right this way," he said in an accent that neither Lynda nor
Katrina could pin down as real or fake.

After taking a seat and ordering some appetizers, the couple began
to chit-chat, something they hadn't done much of in the early days of
their relationship... if it could be called that. They even held
hands across the table... until Katrina saw something she just had to
have: Tania, a few tables away.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

'I think tonight's the night,' Tania thought as she and Ted, her
boyfriend of two years, idly chatted. 'He's going to propose.' She
had worn the red dress she had wanted to wear for this moment--she'd
had it planned for months. Blessed with a wonderful woman's
intuition, she knew it was coming up. And, she knew how they'd
celebrate--she hadn't worn any panties.

"Honey, you alright?" Ted asked as he saw his wife blush nervously.
His voice gave away just a hint of shakiness.

"Huh? Oh, yeah," she said, embarrassing herself. She was thinking of
how she'd practically rape him when they got back to his place... if
he gave her a ring, anyway.

"OK. Hey, I gotta take a pit stop," he mumbled as he got up and
walked to the men's room. As he got up, though, a strikingly
beautiful woman in a dark blue dress caught her eye. 'She's holing
hands with that woman! That's... uh... not something you see in a
restaurant every day...' she shook her head a bit, thinking that her
nervousness and a glass of wine was hitting her harder than normal.
Normally, she'd be disgusted by such a public display between two
women... but those two were gorgeous.

She continued to watch as a pretty waitress delivered some
appetizers to the pair of hotties. 'Did I just think that? Hotties??'
her mind screamed, before being smoothed over again in a pink wave of
curiosity. 'They are pretty, and just look at how that redhead is
eyeing that waitress's ass... oooooh, now THAT'S hot... uh, nasty...
uh...' her thoughts wandered, trying to rationalize her attraction to
the two hot lesbians. Her ponderings became rather heated when she
had seen the blue angel reach under the skirt of the very hot ('Hot?
Where is this coming from?' a tiny voice in a remote corner of her
mind screamed) waitress and... stroke something, lightly.

The look on the waitress's face--and the fact that she stopped
walking away and thrust her hips forward and backward slightly
against the intruding hand--made Tania realize the waitress liked the
attention. 'I wouldn't mind some of that attention myself,' she
thought before she could stop herself. Rolling the thought over and
over in her mind, though, she started to realize that she really
would like to have one of the ladies pay her that kind of...
attention. "Mmmmmmmm," she quietly moaned before she licked her lips.
'So hot...'

Tania then saw the waitress put down her platter, bend over, and
grab her ankles. 'I must be imagining this; we're in public,' she
frantically rationalized. Then, she saw the woman flip the back of
the server's skirt over her waste, exposing her beautiful ass--and
purple thong. 'Mmmmmmmm' was the only sound Tania could make as the
blue-clad Amazon beauty slid a finger down the bent-over girl's
crack, sliding the thong to the side as it went, and then plunging
her finger right into her wet cunt. 'Cunt?' A tiny part of her was
still questioning her reaction to the whole scene, but it was getting
harder to hear that inner voice.

Tania's hand went up her skirt to discreetly pay attention to her
clit. 'How long is that ... uhhhh... mmmmm... waitresssssss ... going
to... uhh.... let that customer finger-fuck her... mmmmm... sweeeeet
pusssssy?' Even Tania's thoughts were having trouble staying coherent.

Katrina gave the waitress a quick orgasm, making grunt audibly and
causing her knees to buckle, and then let her go about her work.
Pleased with the results of her little sexual-orientation-altering
display (she had just confirmed that Tania was no longer a straight
woman), she got up and sat beside Tania at one of the two previously
unused chairs at her and Ted's table. "Do you mind if my girlfriend
and I join you and..." she asked, looking towards Ted's empty seat.

A waive of nervousness hit her with the same force she felt when she
first met Ted--and that was what made her believe in love at first
sight, although she was having trouble remembering that now. "Uh, no,
of course not. Please, join us. We were just having dinner." She
quickly brought her hand down from her pussy and wiped her fingers
off on her dress.

"Sure we're not intruding? By the way, my name is Katrina, and this
is Lynda," she mentioned as Lynda took the other seat.

"Uh, sure, it's just dinner..." Tania was sure that there was a
reason for this dinner... but she couldn't remember it. 'Oh well. At
least I've got some company; that ass left me here alone! Damn, he's
always doing...'

"Hey, uh, Ladies?" Ted asked as he approached his seat.

Katrina sent a command to him making him forget the exact purpose of
the dinner--which she knew all too well. "Tania, here, was just going
to introduce you to us." She looked into his eyes, knowing she was
having a mental effect but somehow not feeling that connection she
usually did... at least, not at first. "And you are?"

"Oh. I'm Ted," he answered. "We're having dinner, and I don't mean
to be rude, but..."

"You'd love us to join you, right?" Katrina commanded more than
asked. Her hand was now holding Tania's, and Lynda's hand was under
the table, working on Tania's slit. Tania's fate had been determined,
and everything else was all for show. 'This part is almost as fun as
the sex,' Katrina mused silently.

Ted's eyes narrowed a bit, and he responded, "Yes. Let's order."

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Katrina had made sure the valets parked Katrina's car and Ted's car
a couple of blocks away. It would have been strange to anyone who was
not under telepathic influence. And, when they got to where their
cars were, she decided to let poor Ted off the hook. This was one
ball and chain he'd never enjoy again.

"Well, Ted, it's been fun meeting you and Tania. Lynda, shall we?"
she chimed, still holding Tania's hand. Ted went to open the
passenger door of his Mustang, and Tania stopped him.

"Uh, Ted, I think I'm going with them," she nervously mumbled. "I'm
sorry, it's not working out. I can't stay with a man who will never
put a ring on my finger..."--she could not even finish. Sobbing, she
got into the back seat of Katrina's Lexus with Lynda.

Katrina looked at poor Ted as she opened her door to drive home, and
sent a psionic bulldozer of a command roaring into his skull--a
command that informed him he was now single and that he should not
even bother to try to find Tania again. Then she got into her car and
drove home.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Once back home, Lynda helped a very shaky Tania into the house. Her
lack of panties gave Lynda easy access to her steadily aroused sex,
and Lynda was no amateur at cunnilingus. If not for Katrina's block
on Tania's orgasm, she probably would have cum several times. It goes
without saying that Tania had forgotten any nasty heterosexual habits
she once had.

Once inside, Katrina introduced Tania to "masquerade night." Dana
was serving drinks--and any available pussy--in a typical French-maid
outfit. It didn't flatter her chest, but the skirt was cut well too
short and her slit was visible even if she was standing up. Of
course, Dana made her rounds on her knees most for most of the
evening.

Tania was going to experience initiation, though--lesbian-bondage-
cheerleader style. She was placed on Katrina's bed and blindfolded.
Each limb was tied tightly to a corner post of the bed with cotton
rope. She was squirming with desire--still very aroused and still
very unsatisfied.

"Please, please, Pleeeeease make me... oooooooooh, yeah, right
there... yessssssssss" was all she got out before a mouth descended
hungrily on her eager sex. The sensations were much more intense than
any other sexual contact with a man had ever been. Her mind was
racing, trying to catch up with her body's sensations, and the effect
was so distracting that she never felt Katrina crawl onto the bed,
naked.

She did feel Katrina's hot pussy cover her mouth. And, her tongue
knew what to do. Snaking up and into Katrina, she knew that if she
could just taste a little more of her new owner, she'd be that much
closer to pure bliss. Kat didn't make it easy, though; she often
lifted up just enough to make the writhing body of Tania strain to
keep in contact with that glorious cunt that was now the center of
her universe. Every lick of her new love not only brought her
benevolent goddess closer to the orgasm Tania herself was being
denied, but it actually seemed to be reducing her will to do
anything... other than serve.

'Serve. Serve.' The word rattled in her head. It echoed with a
reverberation that would have driven even the most independent person
into a happy state of obedient, willing slavery. 'No, more than a
willing servant--more than a willing slave', Tania realized as she
felt Katrina's long, slender fingers slap her clit while Lynda buried
what had to be three fingers into her very wet pussy. 'More than
willing--how could I do anything but pleasure Katrina?"

Her mind hadn't even realized that Katrina had never really told her
what her name was until she had that thought. Katrina laughed out
loud when she realized her slip-up, and Trina, hearing that glorious
voice, began to lick and suck on her clit even harder than before.
Katrina tensed up for an orgasm, and spoke with a voice that, to
Tania, may as well have been a choir of angels.

"When you get me off, puss-slave, maybe--maybe!--I'll let you cum,"
Katrina teased. Tania didn't have to be told twice, and when Kat's
pussy was firmly planted on her face and grinding into it slightly,
she redoubled her efforts. Katrina was quickly rewarded for her
efforts, as her mistress ('if that's strong enough of a word,' she
thought, in fear of displeasing Katrina) quickly came.

She rolled off of Tania, who was still being driven to places of
sexual sensations she'd never dreamed existed by Lynda. Suddenly,
though, Lynda stopped, and she heard the door shut.

"No!!! Please! PLEASE! I NEEEEEED...."

"I know you do, Tania. If you want me to, I'll give it to you. When
cup your pussy with my hand, you'll cum, and every bit of you that
ever existed to do anything other than service me--in any way I see
fit--will disappear as your orgasmic fit fades. Do you want this?

"YESSSSSSS! TOUCH ME! TOUCH..... OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHH! FUUUUUCK
UNNNNNGGGGGHHHH...." Tania screamed as Kat's hand cupped her mound.
As she quickly passed into unconsciousness, the empty parts of her
personality seemingly filling up with the desire to do nothing but
serve and obey her personal goddess, she knew she could never leave
her new love... not that she'd ever want to.

Service was her mistress's pleasure. And her mistress's pleasure was
her raison d'etre. Sleep's soft embrace took her away as she ended
the last day of her freedom.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Ted had followed them, staying completely out of sight, until he was
sure where they were going. Pulling over at a gas station about half
a mile away, he called his office's graveyard shift supervisor.

"Dispatch, this is Ted 3-9-114. Agent ID and password?" the voice
said with about as much enthusiasm as a credit card customer service
employee.

"(sigh) Ted 6-2-002, megawatt thorn cartel puppy-cats."

"Hang on a sec... OK. What's up, Ted?" The newly single Ted
described his predicament to the supervisor, leaving out no detail
and giving a basic rundown of Katrina's telepathic abilities,
personality traits, home address, etc.

"Good work, Ted. I know this was hard for you to just let it happen,
but we need her to think everything's going along the way she wants
it to."

"I know."

"We'll get her back, but you're officially off the case," the
supervisor stated matter-of-factly.

"But..."

"No buts. Those are the regs. Now, go out and have yourself a nice
night. Feel free to... roam. But don't fuck around too much."

Ted hung up his cell phone, knowing that everything would be OK. The
TEDS were on the case. Meeting an attractive single woman who was
driving home from her night job as a bartender at a local strip joint-
-
she was filling her tank with high-grade gas--he decided that he
didn't have to get over his recent (albeit temporary) loss alone.

He'd get back on the case, somehow.  There was something special
about this Katrina.  But, as he felt the woman's ass and gave it a
playful spank (making her cum), he decided to let that wait for
another day.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.