A Clothing Optional Honeymoon
by MaxBar

A young man tricks his new wife into a trip to a nude beach.

At 9:45 in the morning, the water taxi pushed away from the dock at New Providence Harbor. We shared the boat with two other couples and their five children. On the short trip to the island, the kids were loud and obnoxious. I wanted to throw a few of them overboard.

When we landed at the first dock, the two families stepped off the boat. I looked at my wife and shook my head. I didn't want to be anywhere near a bunch of kids on a beach. The boat captain took us to beach number two. As he prepared to leave the dock, he looked at my wife and grinned.

"A boat stops here every two hours," he said. "We'll take you back when you're ready."

I nodded. "Thanks."

"Enjoy your day," he said with an even bigger grin. "I wish I was going with you, man."

No more than a hundred feet up the path we read a large sign: Welcome. This is a clothes optional beach. Nudity permitted. Please respect our guest's privacy. No Photography.

"Did you know about this?" Roni asked.

"Nope," I lied.

She smiled mischievously. "I guess you'd like to do this?"

"We can't sit on the dock for two hours." I shrugged. "I suppose we could be two of the people who opt to keep on our swimsuits...or we could go nude."

She thought for a moment. "Okay, can't hurt to see what the beach looks like."

"If a lot of visitors go nude, I hope there aren't too many ugly old people."

She made a face at my political incorrectness.

We continued on until we reached a large pavilion where we paid our entrance fee. We were given keys to lockers where we could stash our clothes and valuables and headed for the changing areas. We met back at the reception desk wearing our swimsuits and Roni carrying her beach bag.

I picked up two mats and towels and strolled toward the water.

"I put on my suit until we see what this is like," she said.

"That was smart. Maybe most people like the clothed option." That was my second lie.

The sign clothes optional wasn't entirely true. As I learned before taking the boat trip, almost everyone chose nudity. And while the beach wasn't terribly crowded, there were lots of people--some couples, a few pairs of women, and many unattached men--probably there for the female scenery and to let it all hang out. Thankfully, there were no screaming children.

We found a spot near the only two bathers who were not nude--two young women wearing bikinis and sitting on a blanket. I placed down the mats and we sat.

A few minutes later, one of our neighbors stood up and removed her top showing off a pair of nice tits. Then her friend did the same. Her boobs were a bit larger. Then both girls stripped off their bottoms and walked toward the water.

"I guess we're the last two modest people on the island," I said.

"Are you going to take off your suit?" Roni asked.

Watching the two attractive young women strip off and hearing my wife pick up the conversation that may lead to her doing the same started my cock growing hard.

"We've talked about going to a nude beach before," I said. "Now's our chance. So, I will if you will."

She thought for a brief moment. "You're right. I have promised to go swimming naked with you, haven't I? Oh, what the hell? These people will never see us again. But you'll have to put Coppertone on my backside. I don't want to get toasted buns."

I grinned. "Can I put Coppertone on your boobs?"

"You know where that would lead, buster," she said. "I don't think we're allowed to have sex in public."

I shrugged. "Okay, take your suit off. I'll watch. That's fun."

Roni stood up and without skipping a beat, slid one strap of the dark blue one-piece off her shoulder. I felt a new twinge in my dick. She dropped the other strap and with one quick move, exposed her tits. With two hands, she pushed the suit downwards, shifted her hips--one up, the other down. Her tits jiggled. Her hips wiggled again and the suit kept travelling south, past her hips, down her thighs, showing off her dark triangle of curly pubic hair, and then she let it fall to the mat and stepped out of it.

Roni smiled and put her hands on her hips. "Okay, buddy boy, you're next."

I stood and felt my erection straining against my trunks. I pushed the suit down and my cock sprang to attention, sticking straight out from my loins.

Roni giggled. "Are you a little excited, big feller?"

I looked down. "Am I allowed to walk around like this?"

"Should I check some of the other men and see if you're the only one?"

"If you look at the other men's cocks while you're walking around nude, there'll be a beach full of boners."

"Why? Do I look good without my suit on?"

"You know damn well you look great when you're naked." I pointed at my dick. "Look what happens to me."

She laughed. "Maybe you should sit for a while and let your junior partner calm down."

"I'll try, but you'll still be nude and if we walk around, all the men will be checking you out. I'll just love that and I might have to find some cold water."

She smiled, something just a little brighter than the Caribbean sun. "I'm glad I can bring you so much excitement. Suppose none of these guys look?"

"Fat chance. All these guys will be wondering what it's like to have sex with you."

"Oh, really?"

"Yep. My motto is they can look all they want but fucking you is my job."

"Very nice. You're such a perv."

I grinned like the Cheshire Cat while Roni knelt on the mat and took a squeeze bottle of suntan lotion from her beach bag.

"I heard the ocean is eighty-two degrees," she said. "That's not cold. I hope you don't think you can walk around all day with that thing sticking out like a towel rack."

I shrugged. "I'll think about baseball."

"Keep that cock of yours under control, Sweetie. I'll be embarrassed to death if you get thrown out for flaunting your boner. Aren't nudists supposed to be strict about no sexual stuff?"

"Yeah, they say nudity is about relaxing. What normal guy can relax while there good-looking women strolling around naked?"

She shook her head. "Try and behave yourself."

Roni began rubbing the white lotion onto her arms and then her tits. It took her a few minutes to get the cream to disappear, and she made sure her nipples got well covered. I could have thought about baseball and the ugliest people in the world, but watching my wife fondle her hooters kept my cock rock hard.

"Ready to put some cream on my tushie?" she asked.

I got to my knees and shuffled over to her, my cock still sticking out like an English cucumber.

"Look at you! You could hang a towel on that thing," she said. "That looks like it belongs to a horse in heat."

"Shut up and show me your ass."

She stood up and turned away from me. I picked up the Coppertone and slapped a handful onto the right cheek of her backside. I repeated the same on the left and then started at her ankles and moved upwards until I "accidentally" let my fingers touch the lips of her pussy.

"Hey, cut that out!" she said. "You'll be hard all day."

"If you'd stop playing with your tits, maybe my cock would calm down."

"I wasn't playing with my tits. I put on lotion. I don't want to get sunburned nipples. You wouldn't want me to tell you not to suck on them, would you?"

I kept on massaging the lotion into her legs, and didn't even try to keep my fingers from making contact with her cunt. "Stop talking like that or I'll have an orgasm and squirt your legs."

"You'd better not cum on me--" She turned her head and smiled. "Until we get back to the hotel."

I slapped her ass. "Okay, we're done."

"Good. I'm going to lie in the sun for a while. When I get too hot, let's go for a swim."

"I'm more than a little hot myself, but I'll read while you lie here."

"If you take your mind off sex, maybe your pecker will go back to normal size."

Twenty minutes later, my dick had receded to only a semi-hard-on, and Roni was ready for a swim. As we headed to the water and passed a few other people strolling along, I realized that no women on earth can walk on hot beach sand without her tits bouncing.

Roni received plenty of long glances and grins from the men we passed and my cock began to throb again as I thought how much they probably wanted to do more than just look at her.

I led her more than fifty yards past the last people lying in the sand and into the sea. The water wasn't even up to our waists and Roni's nipples had changed from silver dollar-sized tan circles to dark red, hard points. She splashed around, her boobs bounced and her pubic bush glistened with sea water. My cock was again standing at attention.

I took her hand and guided her into deeper water. Finally, when we were chest deep I said, "There's only one way I'm going to get rid of this boner."

She smiled and put her arms around my neck. "How is that, baby?"

"How do you think?"

"Want me to give you a hand job?'

"No. And if fucking in the sea feels so good you can't control yourself, bite your lip or something. Do not moan loudly or cry out and draw attention to us."

"Sometimes when we fuck it feels so good I want to scream. I can't do that today?" she said teasing me.

She wrapped her right hand around my cock and gently stroked me.

"Nice wet fucking, no screaming."

"Your dick feels so good. Touch my pussy before you come into me."

I found Roni's clit and diddled her for a long moment before pushing my middle finger into her cunt and finger fucking her.

"Oh, that feels good." She tightened her thighs around my hand and wiggled her ass around. "I want to cum and I want to scream. Fucking in the water is soooo good."

"It's time to do this properly," I said. "I need my cock inside your hot and wet pussy."

"You're so big, I don't know if you'll fit inside me."

"You're exaggerating, but it's flattering. Don't worry, I'll make it fit."

She put both arms around my neck again and wrapped her legs around my hips. I slid my cock into her wet cunt and began pumping away. Nothing feels better than fucking in the water--swimming pool, calm Caribbean Sea, or surging Atlantic surf, fucking in water is one of Life's greatest pleasures. Keeping Veronica quiet was a major feat. I exploded and squeezed her tightly. She kissed me long and hard, but didn't wait more than thirty seconds before turning her back to me and placing my hand on her pussy.

"Now me," she said.

I slipped my finger into her gash and found her clit. With my left hand, I squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples, and with the right, I rubbed her clit. Roni had started out hot and close to an orgasm and it didn't take long. She pushed her cunt into my hand and banged her ass into my body repeatedly--faster and faster as I diddled her clit and worked on her nipples. She came with a giant shudder and clasped a hand over her mouth.

After a long moment of heavy breathing, she said, "Hold me."

I spun her clockwise and wrapped my arms around her, and we bobbed with the motion of the gentle waves for a few minutes in silence.

"Oh, that felt good," she said. "You too?"

"Oh, yeah. And thanks to you, my dick is back to normal."

Then, as nothing had happened, she said, "Good. Let's walk on the beach."

As we strolled along the hard packed sand, our bodies dried quickly in the hot sun, my dick swung with each step and Roni's tits jiggled and her nipples were again as hard as acorns. Occasionally, she picked up a tiny seashell and men would change their direction to walk past her and a few other nude females walking or standing on the sand. Most of their eyes looked Roni up and down, lingering on her curly muff. I got back to semi-hard-on status quickly and it was only a matter of time before my cock again stuck straight out. But I wasn't alone. None of the other men checking out the shapely nude women bothered to hide their erections.

We were almost to the spot where we should have cut inland to get back to our beach mats when a local man wearing shorts and a Hawaiian shirt and carrying a tray of shell jewelry walked up to Roni.

"Hello, Miss." He spoke with a classic Caribbean accent. "Would you like to see some of my handmade jewelry? Very good quality. Very good price."

I had half expected Roni to say no and walk away, but she smiled and began looking over the bracelets and necklaces on the tray.

I couldn't believe I was watching my wife, basically a conservative girl, now totally nude, standing on a beach talking to a stranger peddling shell jewelry. She didn't act any differently than if she had been wearing a trench coat.

Roni picked up a shiny pink bracelet and tried to open the clasp without luck. She handed it to the man. "Can you help me open this?"

"Of course, Miss." He unhooked the clasp and attached the bracelet to her wrist. "Very pretty, Miss. Like you. Only three dollars. You like it, yes?"

Roni held her wrist toward me. "What do you think?"

I looked at the bracelet while she glanced down at my hard cock and frowned. Like I had a choice.

"Very nice," I said. "Would you like to buy it?"

She nodded. "I think so." She turned to the man. "How do I pay you?" She smiled. "As you can see, I've no place to keep a wallet."

He smiled and raised his eyes from looking at her tits. "I know, Miss."

He pointed to the key fastened to her wrist by an elastic band. "Show me your locker number and I'll leave the bracelet at the desk for you. You pay the man."

He helped remove the bracelet from her one wrist and looked at the number of the key on the other. "Number 246, Miss. Thank you."

"And thank you," she added.

"Yes, Miss. Have a lovely day."

"Going back to the mats now?" I asked.

"Let's walk a little further." She said.

"Good. Every man on the beach who hasn't seen your tits and pussy can get a good look. If that idea didn't turn me on so much, I wouldn't have the biggest erection of my life. A virtual towel bar, as you suggested."

She looked and giggled. "It certainly is big."

"And so hard it hurts. I hope some of the women here appreciate getting a look at my dick."

"I'll bet some of these women would love to grab on to your cock, baby, but we can't have that, can we?"

"We can't?"

"I'm the only woman who's lucky enough to play with your boner, sweetie. Remember that."

Twenty minutes later, we reached the beach mats. Relieved that no one had stolen my wristwatch, I checked the time. Almost 1:15. "If you want to catch the two o'clock boat, we'd better get going."

"Okay," she said. "I've had enough sun."

"Going to put your suit on to walk back?"

She smiled. "That's silly. We're only going to change when we get to the lockers. And I want to wash off this salt. I mean it's not like we're the only people nude."

"Makes sense," I said. "There's a row of outdoor showers just before the pavilion."

That would give us a chance to wash off the saltwater and give the beach boys a chance to watch Roni take a shower. With any luck they might provide a dildo-shaped piece of soap and she could put on a first class show.

When we reached the row of showers, another couple was using two of the four. Roni set the beach bag down a few feet away as they finished and two girls took their places and Roni and I stepped under the remaining two shower heads. Now that three women were about to soap up their bodies, a few male spectators stepped closer and tried not to look too obvious.

Each shower had hot and cold faucets and a soap tray. Everyone regulated the flow and stepped under the water. I smiled at Roni who took her public shower as if no one was watching. She and the other girls were soapy and sexy and I hope that none of them took offence if I lingered more than a bit too long washing my cock.

Six guys were now standing in line watching, pretending that they really wanted to use the showers. One or two absentmindedly pulled on their semi-hard dicks. The boys got a wonderful show because none of the girls were shy about how they washed. Roni's bush was covered with suds, as were her tits and ass before she rinsed off.

I finished first and continued to watch the girls as I toweled off. Then Roni and the two girls finished and four guys immediately took our places. They quickly soaped up and spent more time playing with their schlongs than I had. I assume the women felt flattered. They didn't appear embarrassed.

We put our clothes back on and stopped at the desk where Roni paid for her bracelet. Then, with only ten minutes to spare, we headed for the dock and the water taxi home.

Back at New Providence, we walked along the waterfront and found a seafood restaurant where we were soon sipping gin and tonics while waiting for lunch.

"I guess you never thought we'd be going to a nude beach on our honeymoon, did you?" I asked.

"Hardly. Did you know that the second beach was clothes optional?"

"I only knew I didn't want to be near a bunch of screaming kids." That was a third lie. "Actually, the hotel concierge explained about the beaches and I couldn't pass up a chance of seeing my new wife nude in public."

"It was very nice," she said. "I was comfortable walking around naked, as long as you were with me."

"I thought so, and you provided plenty of entertainment for the other men there."

"Don't be silly. There were plenty of other naked girls there. I'm nothing special."

The waiter dropped off two bowls of conch chowder and a basket of crackers.

As soon as he walked away I said, "You're special to me. And you looked great. It felt good having a hard-on for hours."

She smiled and sipped her drink. "I noticed. And so did everyone else."

"Plenty of other guys got hard looking at you."

She shrugged. "I'm glad that turns you on. It would be silly for you to be jealous."

"Good. It turns me on a lot. You're all mine and I figure they're still fantasizing about you."

"No they're not. They look, but that's about all."

I paused to let another waiter pass by before I said, "They do more than look. They're all thinking how much fun it would be if you spread your legs and they could stick their cocks in. Those guys at the showers were almost jerking off after they watched you wash yourself. Get over this modesty. You are one hot woman. And I love that you're even a bit of an exhibitionist. You were very relaxed walking around naked."

"I am not an exhibitionist! But I admit, it was relaxing. And I loved seeing you hard for so long."

"I loved seeing how many guys were looking you over. I should have brought a box full of your nude pictures and given them out to your admirers. How much do you want to bet that some of them are jerking off already?"

She looked around to be sure no was listening. "Now you're getting me hot." She put down her spoon and placed her hand over mine.

"You think you're getting hot. My dick is so hard that if I opened my pants and let Little Max out, he'd raise the table two inches."

"Little Max isn't so little."

"Not today," I said.

"Do you think anyone watched us fucking in the water?"

"We were pretty far from anyone on the beach."

"You're right," she said.

"But I saw a guy in a boat with binoculars trained on us. He probably had an orgasm watching your tits pop out of the water every time you wiggled your ass while I was fingering you."

She squeezed my hand. "Talking dirty gets me so hot. I'm getting all wet."

"Oh, good. What do you want to do when we get back to the hotel?"

"Take a bottle of champagne up to the room and fuck you until dinnertime," she said.

"Where do we find a taxi?" I raised my hand. "Check, Please!"
