Wet Yoga Mats
byClassyDella©

I would stand in front of the class, take off all of my clothes, and tell the other girls to do the same. At first they'd giggle nervously but eventually they'd throw off their clothes and join me. We would all stand there for a few minutes admiring our sexy bodies before starting our yoga routine. At least that's how imagined it would happen; but that's not exactly how it went down.

I became a yoga instructor to help others improve their flexibility and self-confidence like I had when I started. To me, yoga was a self-focused activity. I would go to class, concentrate on my poses and leave feeling better about myself. Yoga put me in a trance; a zone where only I existed. Instructing totally changed the way I approached each session. I had to step out of my zone and enter those around me. I began to look at other women differently. Helping with their poses became an intimate encounter that included touching different parts of their bodies. Soon enough, yoga transformed into a sexual activity.

As a professional I couldn't think of the girls as sexual beings. But over the last few weeks of instructing I started getting aroused during our sessions. My heart pounded fast and hard causing my voice to crack when I talked. Goosebumps formed on my skin and chills ran through my body. It was becoming hard to concentrate. Even if the girls noticed my nervousness they had no idea how soaked my panties were after every session.

My class has only 4 students, all female. And each one has something that makes my body quiver.

Dani is petite and toned. You can tell she works out everyday. There's not an inch of fat on her. Dani's small and perky breasts can fit in the palm of my hand. Her rock hard nipples always pierce through her top. She can easily be manhandled by a muscular stud, and that's the way she likes it. But she can probably go all night and make that stud beg for mercy. She knows she's hot and her confidence is very attractive. Dani is the one I fantasize about the most.

Tanisha is the life of the party; always in a good mood. She has braided black hair and a milk chocolate skin tone. She's got boobs the size of coconuts and an ass as firm as a watermelon; it's almost the same size and shape too. She knows exactly how to flaunt her full figure and has men wrapped around her finger. I've seen her twerk once and even I wanted to tap that. I would love to motor-boat those monster breasts.

Mandy is a pure ginger with freckles all over her pale body. She's tall with hips that are perfect to hold onto while taking her from behind. Her breasts are the size of cantaloupes and they jiggle when she jumps. From the stories she tells it's obvious she's a firecracker in the bedroom. She's the type that would be great in a threesome. Sucking a guy's cock while getting her pussy eaten out would make her body vibrate with pleasure. One day I'd love to see if the carpet matches the drapes.

Diane is the quiet one; very reserved. You can say she's the good girl. A brunette with glasses; never wears anything too revealing. She's someone you'd want to bring home to meet your parents. Diane enjoys yoga but doesn't seem very confident with her body. I'm not sure why. Her body isn't as toned as Dani's but it compliments her D-cups perfectly. She's model material, of the lingerie type. I'm sure she has a frisky side that she saves only for special occasions. Hopefully we'll get to see a bit of it before the end of our month-long session.

I never imagined thinking about these girls in a sexual way. But watching their bodies in positions that accentuated their gorgeous figures totally changed my outlook. I managed to keep our sessions professional and fought my sexual urges until I got home. That's when I would lay on my bed, caressing my slightly sweaty body while fantasizing about exploring theirs. I played with myself until my swollen pussy erupted with a back-arching orgasm.

Our one hour yoga sessions left me wanting more of the girls. Luckily, we all become very close friends. We stayed after class to chit chat, and went out for drinks every Thursday. Eventually, we got comfortable talking about sex and sharing dirty secrets. The more I got to know these girls the more intense my orgasms became. I desperately wanted to see them naked.

My plan was to entice them to try yoga in the nude. National Nude Day was a perfect excuse.

On the day of I was so nervous that I couldn't eat, drink, or function. All I could think about is me standing in front of them completely naked only to watch them grab their stuff and run out in fear. What if they were creeped out? What if they lost respect for me? What if they never wanted to see me again? The fear of losing my friends and humiliating myself almost made me chicken out. But then I thought about how much they turned me on with their clothes on, and how hard I'd cum if I saw them with their clothes off.

I arrived at the studio half hour early. I turned up the heat and closed the blinds. My hands were shaking, beads of sweat formed on my forehead, I've never been more nervous. The girls arrived and questioned the setting. My voice cracked every time I tried to speak. They knew something was up but I kept telling them I had a lot on my mind and yoga would help me relax.

As soon as they started stretching I imagined them naked. Deep breathing did nothing to calm my nerves. My mind raced and I have no idea how I began the session. All I can remember is suggesting that we try something completely different; something that would take us out of our comfort zone but bring us closer together. I ensured them that they didn't have to go through with it if they felt uncomfortable. I'll never forget their faces: fear, intrigue, anxiety all rolled up into blank stares.

For some reason my fear vanished and adrenaline rushed through my body. I felt like ripping off my clothes and telling them to do the same. But I refrained; I'm classier than that. I dimmed the lights and told the girls about National Nude Day and what I wanted to try. I heard gasps and giggles but no one ran out screaming. So I proceeded by taking off my shirt, exposing my sports bra to the entire class. Their eyes grew wider in amazement as I continued by taking off my pants. Standing in front of five girls in my underwear was intimidating, especially girls who are in much better shape than I am. Luckily, my audience didn't object yet, leaving me to assume they wanted me to keep undressing. Before I took off my bra I assured them that they didn't have to do this with me. You could hear a pin drop in the room; no one moved a muscle. I think they wanted to see if I would go through with it.

Adrenaline kicked in again. I lifted my bra over my head, letting my breasts hang freely before hiding them behind my arm. The girls began to fidget, trying to look away as if something embarrassing was going to happen. When I removed my arm all eyes shot back on me, or rather, by breasts. It felt like I stood there for hours while they stared at my bare chest. For some reason I did a little dance and shook my boobs. The spontaneity actually calmed me down, and the girls seemed to liven up.

I reassured them again and asked if they wanted to join me. Diane shook her head right away saying she won't do it. But she didn't object if the other girls took off their clothes. I had a feeling Diane wouldn't get naked but I'm glad she was okay with the idea. The other three girls looked at each other and giggled hoping one of them would take the initiative so the rest could follow.

Mandy was the first to undress. She didn't waste any time, pulling both her tight top and bra over her head at the same time. Her sweet, natural breasts jiggled before resting on her chest. Her puffy areolas were almost half the size of her breasts. I wanted to reach out and feel them in my hands; give them a little squeeze until her nipples pierced my palms.

It suddenly became easier to stand topless in front of these sexy women.

Mandy kept her pants on waiting for the other girls to join her. I could tell she wasn't wearing underwear so she didn't want to be the first one nude. Tanisha and Dani removed their tops simultaneously. Mandy encouraged them to keep undressing and Dani obliged, dropping her bra. She didn't need to wear one and I always knew when she wasn't. Her breasts are small and beautiful; her nipples tiny but sharp. Dani stripped all the way down to her panties, exposing her tiny, fit body. Tanisha quickly followed by removing her pants as well. She decided to keep her bra on to contain those big melons.

Now that the girls were in their underwear it was time for me to remove my final piece of clothing. My panties were stuck to my vagina so I pulled them down slowly hoping my thick cum wouldn't be too stringy. My pussy lips tingled as the warm air flowed through my moist crotch. I kept my legs shoulder length apart to let it breath, and give the girls a little preview.

Being completely nude was exhilarating; I jumped in the air kicking my legs out like a gymnast. I couldn't believe this was happening. The girls laughed and began to relax. With the exception of Diane all the girls removed the rest of their clothing exposing their beautiful figures. They tried to avoid looking at each other but curiosity got the best of them. Being at the front of the class I had the best view. I was far enough that it didn't seem like I was staring.

Once everyone was more relaxed we began with the bridge pose. It was our usual warm-up position that wasn't too revealing. I could feel all eyes on my nude body while demonstrating it. I didn't mind because I knew I would get to check them out as well.

I approached Dani first, stopping a few feet away from her head to give her a perfect view of my vagina. I smiled as she looked up at me. Her eyes slowly moved down from my head to my chest and paused between my legs. I enjoyed being admired. I tried checking her pose but her nude body was too distracting. Dani's mound neatly enveloped her labia. It was a perfect oval shape with a thin slit down the middle. No wonder she has the best camel toe when wearing yoga pants. Her area was completely shaved except for the landing strip on her mons pubis. Admiring her smooth snatch filled my vagina with more thick, white cum.

Mandy was beside Dani and kept looking in my direction. I walked over to give her a better view and to get more acquainted with her freckled body. Mandy's pussy was much more revealing. Her inner pussy lips poked through her mound. They were similar to mine so I knew exactly how to get her wet. All I needed to do was run my palm over her crotch and softly make contact with her protruding lips. Gently tugging on them instantly made me cream. I had to fight the urge to bend over and touch her lips, so I moved on to Tanisha.

Just like Tanisha's personality her pussy wasn't shy. Her inner lips were huge and exposed, resting on the outer labia. Above, a clit big enough for me to stroke between my thumb and index finger. It was the perfect representation of a vagina; a big vagina. I couldn't wait to change poses and see those lips spread open; they were already glistening with her cum juice. It's a good thing she kept her bra on, otherwise her melons would be in her face. I let Tanisha finish checking me out before we moved on to another pose.

Several poses later I found a new favourite of mine. The Reclining Angle Pose exposed the entire vulva region. It was quite a vulnerable position but I encouraged the girls to come up front for a closer look. With my legs spread my crotch was open for evaluation. I felt a bit uneasy; I've never been this exposed outside of my bedroom and the doctor's office. Luckily, Tanisha broke the tension by saying that she liked the view. As my body relaxed my hymen opened exposing my cum-filled vagina. Without missing a beat Tanisha suggested I get a towel. The sound of the girls giggling made me comfortable, and I began to enjoy showing off for them. When I raised my head I saw all eyes on my wet pussy. I secretly wanted one of them to put their fingers deep inside my vagina to feel my warm cum. But I'm glad they didn't. We weren't ready for that yet.

By now everyone was relaxed and we weren't as shy about staring at each other's exposed bodies. The girls realized this session was more about exploration of the body than about proper posture. As I walked around I noticed each pussy was wet and glistened in the dim lighting. I've never had an urge to taste cum as much as I did at that point. Tanisha had the biggest vaginal opening, and of course the most cum. It oozed down into her perineum, stopping near her anus. To contain it she wiped her cum with her middle finger and put it in her mouth to lick it clean. My knees buckled and I let out a silent moan. I could feel my pussy filling with even more cum. I had to move on or else I'd have an orgasm on the spot.

Before going back to the front I noticed that Diane had a small wet spot in her crotch. When I looked up at her she smiled innocently, knowing that she was guilty of being aroused and wet. I could only imagine how soaked her panties were.

The Garland pose was our last. Not only is it revealing, it's the most intimate. It gave the girls a chance to visually explore each other without feeling awkward. Before I called out the pose I told them to pair up and form a square. Tanisha was across from Diane while Mandy stood opposite of Dani. Their jaws dropped when I announced the pose. They knew exactly how revealing it was and what they'd be looking at. They were nervous but excited.

Before getting into the pose Diane did something unthinkable. She stripped down to her bra and panties, saying that it was the fair thing to do. We couldn't believe it. Tanisha cheered the most knowing she'd get a chance to check out that gorgeous body.

While the girls were exploring each other I imagined what would happen if I gave each girl a dildo. Tanisha would definitely lose her mind and squirt all over her mat. Mandy would be screaming and trembling until her dildo was fully covered with white cum. Dani, the lean and fit one would have multiple orgasms and continue fucking her dildo long after we were all exhausted. Diane, the shy one would rub her clit through her panties until they were soaked with pussy juice. As for me, I would pound my pussy until cum oozed out and down my legs.

In the middle of the pose I made them switch partners so each girl had a chance to look at the others. At the end of the pose Tanisha was literally dripping. She had to wipe a few times. Diane's panties were soaked and the other two pussies were glistening with cum. I didn't have to touch myself to know my juices were running down my inner thighs. All I wanted to do was go home and masturbate. I didn't want it to end but I had to conclude the session. We all got dressed, chatted for a few minutes and went our separate ways.

That night I didn't need any toys. My pussy was already soaked and swollen. With the image of four hot nude bodies in front of me a simple tap of the finger on my clit made me climax like never before. My bedsheets were saturated with cum.

The next day I messaged the ladies thanking them for being awesome and participating in National Nude day with me. Of course Tanisha was first to reply saying she had the best orgasm when she got home. The others didn't admit to going that far but they all enjoyed doing yoga in the nude.

I promised to bring some props next year. None of the girls objected. I can't wait.


