A warm ocean breeze blows into the room through the open French doors. The doors open to a balcony overlooking the ocean beyond, and the sound of breaking waves can be heard. The light in the room is soft even though the reflection from the water is bright. It is hard to imagine a more perfect morning.
A king size bed sits against the middle of the wall to the left. A man lies on his back in the middle of the bed, his eyes closed with his head propped up on several pillows. He smells the breeze and hears the waves before he stirs and opens his eyes. He takes in his surroundings for a moment before he is aware that his wrists are tied to the corners of the headboard. He is momentarily alarmed before the realization dawns on him. It is his birthday, and his wife seems to have something special in store for him. He looks down at the sheet covering him up to his waist. He thinks of her as he looks at the bulge of his cock under the sheet.
The man vaguely recalls the events of the night before, but his mind is hazy. They had rented the oceanfront villa to celebrate his birthday. A delicious dinner at a nearby restaurant was followed by sensual lovemaking in the bed where he now lies. There had been alcohol before the dinner, then again during their time in the room. They had continued to drink afterward, and that's when his memory becomes fuzzy. He had fallen into a deep slumber after that, only to awaken this morning bound to the bed.
He glances toward the wall of glass and open doors to his left, then turns and looks to his right. His wife is standing just inside the room at the hallway entrance, gazing at him intently with her grey-green eyes. She is wearing a pale lavender mini dress. It stops halfway up her thighs and is held up by thin straps which tie around her neck. The front plunges between her breasts almost to her navel, and the back is open down to the top of her ass. The man remembers the last time she wore the dress. It had been Valentine's Day a few months ago, and the occasion was an event which is still singed in their minds. His wife seems to know what he is thinking, and she grins at him.
"Good morning, sweetie," she purrs, then moves across the room towards the bed. It occurs to him that she is even more beautiful than when they first met. She sits on the side of the bed and crosses her long legs.
The man glances at his bound wrists. "What's going on?"
"I thought we'd have some playtime to start the day." She grins again at him. She leans over and gives him a soft kiss on the lips, then straightens up. Her hand traces slow circles around his nipples before moving down and resting lightly on the bulge at his crotch. He pushes up to meet her touch but she moves her hand away and gets off the bed.
Walking to the foot of the bed, she pulls down the sheet covering his body. He is wearing only black boxers, his muscular legs apart. She climbs back on the bed and kneels between his legs. As he stares at her, she reaches down and begins to stroke his cock through the thin fabric of the boxers. She feels his eager member respond as she runs her fingers up and down each side. She grasps the base of his cock with one hand and begins to play with the head with her other. She has known many cocks in her life, and she teases him expertly. Again he pushes his hips up against her hand, but she just looks at him demurely. By now he is fully erect.
She climbs up on his body and straddles him, rubbing her pussy against his bulge while holding her tits. She is still wearing the dress, but the front is open so wide he can almost see her nipples. She closes her eyes and continues to fondle her breasts, moaning softly, her wavy auburn hair cascading over her shoulders. Then she bends down and kisses him again, harder this time, her tongue hungrily exploring his mouth. She continues to move her pussy against his cock, only the fabric of his boxers between them. He groans and pushes his tongue farther into her mouth. The kiss goes on and on.
Then she moves farther up his body, opening the dress and exposing her breasts. She puts her right breast in his mouth, and he sucks and licks the hard nipple. She switches sides, and he bites at the other nipple. Then she straightens up and reaches back to stroke his thick cock, still hard and eager for attention. When he groans again, she slides even farther up his body and straddles his face. The dress has ridden up her legs and her bare pussy hovers over his mouth. She reaches out to grab the top of the headboard and slowly lowers her wet pussy to his talented tongue. He licks and sucks, taking his time, savoring the flavor of her. When she starts to moan, he stabs his tongue at her throbbing clit, circling in ever-faster motions. His wife moves her hips in synch with his tongue, her breathing shallow, and he knows she is close. He has never known a woman to come so easily. He speeds up his motion until she cries out and cums on his face, her body trembling and shaking with pleasure.
When it is over she moves off of him, glancing at the still erect cock in his shorts. She smiles as she strokes it gently, keeping him hard. Then she looks at him intently.
"I have a gift for you."
"That wasn't it?" he asks in a rough voice.
In response, she looks toward the hallway. He follows her glance and sees what she is looking at. A girl stands just inside the room. She is wearing a short cream-colored camisole tied between her breasts, a red thong with ties at the sides, and silver stilettos. Her black hair is a riot of tight curls extending out in all directions, and her eyes are dark and sultry. He doesn't know it, but she is a grad student who moonlights as a high-end call girl. His wife found her through the internet, and now she is standing in the corner of their villa bedroom. She is stunningly gorgeous.
The man stares at the girl, then turns and looks questioningly at his wife.
"Happy birthday," she whispers, then moves off the bed toward the open French doors.
The nearly naked girl walks to the foot of the bed and looks down at the man. A smile slowly spreads across her face as she looks at his body bound to the bed. After a moment she crawls up between his legs and runs her fingers up the inside of his thighs. He shivers as her fingers poke up inside his boxers.
"Let's see what we have here," the girl says softly as she looks at his crotch.
She reaches out and pulls the waistband down, exposing his erection. His thick cock bobs in the open air, and both women in the room stare. The girl quickly climbs off the bed and pulls the boxers down over the man's legs. She finally looks the man in the eyes and smiles broadly.
"Very nice."
The man's wife and the girl sit on opposite sides of the bed. They share a quick look before leaning down close to his fully engorged cock. The girl begins to lick one side, then his wife the other. He has never felt two mouths on his cock at the same time, and he pushes his hips up involuntarily. His wife sits up and grasps his shaft around the base as the girl ever so slowly licks up its underside from base to tip. Then she plants little kisses around the head as she looks into his eyes. His wife squeezes harder, and the girl takes the head of his cock into her mouth and sucks. The man squirms, his blood pulsing and his breath becoming shallow and rapid. As soon as his hips start to rock the women pull away. Then they share a deep, passionate kiss over his twitching cock while all he can do is watch.
His wife moves off the bed and settles herself in the comfortable armchair next to the glass wall. The girl also moves off the bed and goes to her bag. The man looks at her bare back and beautiful ass, not sure what to expect. Then she turns and displays a fully lubricated ass plug to him with a sly grin. Alarm flashes across his face as she kneels between his legs.
"Pull your knees up," the girl commands. He hesitates, then does as she says. She deftly puts the end of the plug at the entrance to his hole, then slowly and firmly pushes it deep inside of him. It has a ridge which pops into place as he winces and groans. The fullness of the plug somehow increases the sensations in his cock, and the look on his face turns from alarm to desperation.
The girl puts his legs down and gazes again at his erection. Then she pulls the tie on her camisole apart, exposing her perfect breasts. Her aureoles are dark and puffy, and her nipples are large and erect. She caresses them between her thumbs and forefingers, briefly closing her eyes and sighing. The man can only stare and squirm in his bonds. She continues to pinch and squeeze her nipples with one hand while reaching down and stroking his cock with the other hand. She strokes hard, then stops, strokes and stops, repeating the motion in an exquisite tease. The man is caught somewhere between torment and ecstasy. The girl stops stroking and leans down and takes the head of his cock in her mouth. She fondles his balls for a moment before she reaches under him and cups his ass cheeks with her hands, curling her fingers and digging her nails into his soft flesh. Then she takes all of his cock in her mouth and moves slowly up and down, expertly sucking and licking his shaft, finally taking him all the way into her throat. She holds him there until his body starts to tremble, then she pulls away and watches his face, a small smile playing on her lips.
She continues to gaze at him for a long moment. Then she raises up on her knees, her legs spread, and puts her hands on the ties to her thong. She plays with the strings, watching his reaction, and slowly unties first one side, then the other. The thong slips away from her body and falls to the bed, exposing her shaved pussy. The man is unable to tear his eyes away from her and again struggles against his restraints. He groans and closes his eyes briefly, but in his minds eye he can still see this gorgeous creature between his legs wearing nothing but the strappy spike heels.
When he opens his eyes, she is still kneeling, but now she is playing with herself. Her fingers slide up and down over her pussy until one finger disappears into her wet hole, followed by another. Her other hand again caresses her nipples, pinching and twisting. Her eyes are half closed and her mouth slightly open as she pleasures herself. She gazes at the man as she pulls her fingers out of her slippery pussy. She reaches out with wet fingers and touches the tip of his cock, smearing the precum around the head and making him as wet as she is.
Then the girl crawls up over the man's body and straddles him. She pushes her pussy down on his hard cock and begins to rub back and forth. For a moment she plays with his nipples with her fingers, then she pinches them between her long red nails. He winces and squirms until she leans over and puts one of her breasts in his mouth. He circles the nipple with his tongue, licking and biting. She offers him the other nipple, and he sucks it eagerly. When he starts to raise his hips she raises her ass in the air so he can't reach her, but she continues to offer him her beautiful breasts. The man is as aroused as he has ever been, but he is beginning to become frantic.
"Please," he whispers.
"Please what?"
He looks over at his wife in the chair. She is watching intently, her dress pulled up above her hips, her hand between her legs. She nods almost imperceptibly.
"Please fuck me." His voice is pleading.
The girl sits up and stares at him. "I thought you'd never ask."
She gives him a bright smile, then turns around and straddles him backwards. He looks at her black curls and beautiful bare back. Her perfect ass hovers over his abdomen. Then he feels the tip of his cock at the entrance to her sopping pussy. He holds his breath, expecting to be tormented again, but the girl slowly pushes down until she has taken all of his hard cock inside of her. She remains sitting on him as she arches her back and leans back with her arms on either side of his chest. He tries to move his hips, but the girl remains still. He moans softly until she begins to slowly move up and down on him. She pulls almost all the way off, then sinks all the way back onto him, her strokes long and slow. He waits for her to speed up, but she continues to slide up and down his shaft in slow, steady strokes. The man's breathing is shallow and his mouth opens. He is tied and helpless, he is being fucked by one of the most beautiful girls he has ever seen, and he is very, very close...
And then she moves off of him. He groans as his cock bobs in the empty air. The girl turns back around and faces him, straddling him again. They look at each other, wickedness on her face, quiet desperation on his.
"Are you having fun?" she asks in a low, husky voice.
He responds by closing his eyes and moaning again. She looks at him a moment more, then puts the tip of his cock back against the entrance to her vagina. He opens his eyes and pleads silently. She hovers like that, teasing him, then puts the head of his cock into her and squeezes her pussy muscles repeatedly. She watches his face carefully until she is sure that he can feel what she is doing. The man's world shrinks to the pressure of the plug in his ass and the pussy muscles clenching around the sensitive head of his cock. Then the girl sinks down slowly as she again takes all of him inside of her. She sits up, arching her back, fingering her clit and nipples while he watches the pleasure on her face. Her eyes close and her lips part as her breathing becomes more rapid. He tries again to thrust up into her but the weight of her body holds him down. He is convinced she will never let him cum when she suddenly leans down and kisses him deeply, thrusting her tongue into his mouth. He kisses her back, hungrily exploring her mouth and tongue. The man is fully experiencing the intimacy and sensuality of the kiss when she suddenly starts bouncing up and down on his swollen cock, fast and hard. Then she breaks the kiss and whispers to him.
"Cum for me."
She kisses him hard again, fucking him with her mouth and pussy in a furious frenzy. The man is totally overwhelmed with the sensations in his mouth and cock and ass, and he submits. The orgasm explodes through his body as his jism shoots deep into the girl's womb. He yells out as he continues to thrust and jerk and cum again and again. She pulls away from the kiss, arches her back, and fucks him even harder and faster, panting and moaning, until she too cries out in pleasure, the orgasm radiating through her beautiful shaking body.
In the chair by the window, the man's wife smiles and silently mouths the words "Happy birthday, my love."