Hot office girl fulfills coworker's fantasies
Copyright©2021 by lezbondagefan

Do It

Chapter 1

I was really excited about my new job at the university. The pay was good, the work was interesting, I had my own office, and there was even a yoga class I could go to during lunch. And as a single mom of two elementary school students, I really appreciated the flexible schedule.

And of course, as a single woman, I was also aware of all the new men that I now had the opportunity to meet. There were a few that caught my attention, but the guy who stood out the most didn't do so in a good way.

His name was Ryan, and his eyes were glued to my ass every time I walked past his office. I guessed that he was in his late 30s, which would make him about ten years older than me. But the age difference didn’t really bother me. He was cute, and I enjoyed his attention at first. I expected that he would visit my office under some pretense so he could hit on me. But after two weeks, he still hadn't made an attempt to talk to me, and I still didn't know what his deal was. As such, his stares started to make me uncomfortable.

Finally, at a staff meeting during my third week, he took a seat across from me at the conference table. He gave me a friendly smile. “Hi Courtney,” he said. “How are you liking your new…”, he began, but the meeting was called to order by Lisa, the department director, before he could finish his question.

Introduction of new employees was the first item on the agenda. I gave a brief history of my career, as did the other new hire. Then Lisa asked each of the existing employees to give a quick summary of the work that they do. It quickly became obvious that most of them were nervous as they rushed through a convoluted list of tasks I couldn't hope to remember. Alternatively, a few of them took the opportunity to drone on in excruciating detail.

Then it was Ryan's turn. He was like a breath of fresh air. He was relaxed, calmly scanning the crowd as he spoke, and engaging everyone. He was confident, charismatic, and even humorous as he briefly outlined his work, and described himself, to my surprise, as a computer geek. He explained that he had a custom-built, high-performance computer to handle the large data sets that he worked with.

I have to admit that I developed a bit of an infatuation with him in the days following the meeting. I thought about him a lot, wondering why he hadn’t come to talk to me. He didn’t wear a wedding ring, and my subtle inquiries with other personnel didn’t indicate that he was in a relationship. He was obviously attracted to me, and he certainly didn’t lack confidence or social skills. I thought that perhaps he didn’t think I was interested in him, and considered the idea of making the first move. But I would feel awkward doing that because, to be honest, guys always come to me. So the situation simmered for a few weeks.

Then, on a Wednesday afternoon, I got an urgent email from Jerry, my supervisor. Our biggest client was preparing for a large stakeholder meeting on that upcoming Friday morning, and they were hoping that we could generate a report on their latest monthly data in time for that meeting. That seemed like very short notice to me, and my dismay grew as I read on. They wouldn’t be able to get the files ready until Thursday, and I wouldn’t receive them until about 4PM.

Well, I won’t bore you with all the details, but it quickly became apparent that the only way to get it done was with Ryan’s help and access to his fast computer. I just hoped he wouldn’t try to take advantage of the situation.


Chapter 2

“Hi Ryan,” I said brightly as I leaned in through his office door, my voice full of more flirtation that I had intended. He looked up from his monitors with a look of mild but pleasant surprise.

“Hey Courtney,” he replied with a warm smile. “What brings you down to this hallway?” I was somewhat relieved that he had asked, as it gave me the opportunity to get straight to the point without making small talk.

“Well, I have a bit of a favor to ask,” I began, and filled him in on the details. Of course, I bent the truth slightly, downplaying the importance of getting the report ready in time and playing up that it was really more of a favor for Jerry than for me. “Would you be able to help us out?”

He looked thoughtfully up at the ceiling, whispering numbers under his breath as he calculated. “Yeah,” he replied. “This computer…” – here he indicated the large black box under his desk – “… could run the analysis and add the numbers to the report format in just a few hours. I figure we’d probably be done by about seven o’clock.”

“Okay. Yeah, that would be good,” I commented as nonchalantly as I could, holding back my excitement.

He nodded, and then he looked thoughtful again. “You know,” he stated, “we’ll both be hungry for dinner by that time. I know a great Italian restaurant just a couple blocks away that I’d love to take you to.” He finished with an expectant smile.

Before I had even realized what I was doing, I cocked my head to the right, returned his smile, and replied, “I’d like that.”

His smile grew larger. “Great. So I’ll see you tomorrow then.”

My head was spinning so much at that point that I didn’t realize until later how he had casually dismissed me from his office. Instead, my thoughts were dominated by more pressing matters. “What the hell did I just do?” I muttered under my breath as I walked back to my office. “Why did I agree to go out with him?” I didn’t know Ryan well enough to even be comfortable asking him about a work-related issue, much less go out on a date with him! I immediately began thinking of excuses.

Later that night, after the kids had gone to sleep, I laid down in my bed and considered the situation. If Ryan was the type to expect something in return for his help with the report, I would be even more in his debt after he took me out to dinner.

But, I argued with myself, would that really be such a bad thing? I hadn’t had sex in over two years, and moreover, I hadn’t had good sex since my relationship with my kids’ father had fallen apart. Why not loosen up and have some fun? Ryan seemed to be the best option I’d had in a long time.

In the twilight between wakefulness and sleep, I had an idea. It was a wild, ridiculous, crazy, even dangerous idea. And that made it exciting. I slipped my hand into my panties and began to ponder the possibilities. I rolled my clit under the tip of my middle finger as I considered what might happen. Then I moved my hand down further and felt how wet I was. It had been a long time since I had been that aroused.


Chapter 3

The next morning, I checked in with Ryan to make sure that we were still set for the evening. He confirmed that we were. Throughout the day, I tried to distract myself with work tasks. Finally, just after 4PM, the courier arrived with the hard drive. I quickly took it down to Ryan’s office so we could begin the analysis.

It was the first time we had actually worked together, and I enjoyed it. He had an easy-going manner, but he was also quick to pick up on the intricacies of the decryption process. Sitting next to him at his desk, I found that I liked being physically close to him.

Once the analysis was underway, I told him that I would check in with him later. “Thank you again for staying to help me out with this project,” I told him as was about to leave his office. I specifically phrased it as such, as I no longer needed or even wanted him to believe it was a favor for Jerry. With the plan I had in mind, that deception was no longer expedient.

I returned to my own office for a while. As 5PM approached, I took careful stock of who was leaving to go home for the night. Around 5:30, I roamed the halls looking for open doors and office lights, and found a few. Finally, just after 6PM, I made another pass through the halls and found that everyone had left. Ryan and I were now alone. It was time to put my plan into action.

With adrenaline levels rising, I briskly returned to my office and shut the door. I unbuttoned my blouse, removed my bra, and buttoned up my blouse again – except this time, I left the two top buttons undone. This made me feel naughty, and I began to get aroused. But I was far from finished. I pulled up my skirt so that it now hung a few inches above my knee. I stepped out of my two-inch heels, slid my panties down over my feet, and then stepped into a pair of four-inch heels I had brought just for the occasion. I let my hair down and shook it out. Pulling out my compact, I added just a touch of red lipstick. That proved to be slightly difficult, as I was so excited that my hands were shaking slightly. Finally, I grabbed my clutch purse and a pen, and then reached for the handle on the door of my office.

But before I opened it, I paused to think. I don’t have to do this, I thought to myself. I could return to my previous state of dress, go out on a nice date with Ryan, and just see where the evening takes us. That would certainly be the safer choice, and there was still the possibility of a sexual encounter at the end of the night. But compared to the adrenaline rush, nay, the sheer thrill, of what I was about to do, the safer choice seemed dreadfully boring. I was ready to do this, I wanted to do this, and everything I knew about Ryan indicated he was a worthy recipient. I yanked the door open and proceeded directly to Ryan’s office.


Chapter 4

Ryan was sitting at his desk, looking at his computer monitors. As I entered his office, he glanced over at me. He seemed a bit surprised, as if something was different, but he wasn’t sure what. Then I shut the door behind me, and he looked a bit puzzled. But before he could ask why I closed it, I cut him off by asking a question of my own. “How do the initial results look so far?” I inquired.

“I think everything is good. Take a look,” he responded.

I circled behind him to his left, and bent over his desk under the pretense of closely examining the numbers on his screen. What I was actually doing was giving him a nice look at my ass. After a moment, I placed my clutch toward the back edge of his desk. As I did so, I noticed that he had surreptitiously rolled his chair back slightly to get a better view. Perfect.

Now it was time for the next part of my plan, which had to be done with great precision. As I moved my hand back, I “accidentally” knocked my pen off his desk so that it landed between my feet and slightly behind me.

“Oh, can you grab that?” I asked distractedly, still feigning intense interest in the preliminary results. I waited a beat as he leaned down to retrieve the pen. Then, at just the right moment, I turned my head slightly and caught him trying to look up my skirt.

He tried and failed to look innocent. “Here ya go,” he said, handing my pen to me.

I didn’t reach for it. Instead, I gave him a come-hither smile and said “Do it.”

He was predictably confused. “Do what?” he asked.

“Whatever you’re fantasizing about doing to me right now, go ahead and do it.”

He looked skeptical, like he thought I was joking. I nodded my head to indicate I was serious. A grin began to play at his lips. He slowly stood from his chair. I also stood and turned to face him, still smiling at him, and ready for whatever he would do next.

He shook his head slightly. “I had no idea… you are the dirtiest hoe.”

Oh no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, NO!

He wasn’t enticed by my offer, he was disgusted by it. I was humiliated, and I had to get out of there. I frantically pivoted to the office door and turned the handle, but the door wouldn’t open. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed he had reached his right hand over my shoulder and was holding the door shut. I turned back to look at him, my eyes silently pleading, wordlessly begging him to let me leave or at least explain why he wouldn’t.

“Lucky for you, I like dirty hoes,” he said with relish. I would have felt relieved if his grin hadn’t turned so decidedly predatory. He reached his left hand down to my knees, and I thought he would put his hand up my skirt. Instead, he reached through my legs and began to pull my skirt up with his right hand. He grabbed the door handle with his left hand, and, using the handle as a fulcrum and his forearm as a lever, lifted me completely off the floor. My body weight now rested fully on my pussy and ass. It was both painful and stimulating. I gasped, eyes wide with surprise.

He put his right hand on my throat, perhaps to steady my balance, or perhaps to remind me that I had become his prey. He pushed his body against mine. “Do you have any idea what I was fantasizing about doing to you?” he asked. I shook my head back and forth rapidly, but not far in either direction. He smiled his evil smile again. “That’s a dangerous thing to say to man like me,” he declared, and at that moment, I believed him with every fiber of my being. He spit in my face. I was too scared to react.

He released my throat and put his right arm around my waist, and then, in conjunction with his left arm still between my legs, lifted me and turned us around. He put me back on the floor and then commanded, “Take off your clothes, bitch!”

Despite the derogatory term, I actually became more comfortable in that moment. He wanted to see me naked, and that I understood.

But I still felt somewhat awkward, so I avoided his gaze as opened the few fastened buttons on my blouse and let it slide off my shoulders and down my arms. I then unzipped the top of my skirt, let it fall to the floor, and stepped forward. Only then did I look up to see Ryan’s reaction.

It was a mixture of predatory desire and glee, like a wolf looking at a hopelessly ensnared rabbit. He looked me up and down for a moment as I stood there, wearing nothing but my four-inch high heels. He moaned lustfully as he slowly circled around me. Then, returning to his previous spot, he unbuttoned his polo shirt and pulled it off over his head.

I knew that he was trim, but I really didn’t expect “six-pack” abs and a broad, firm set of pectoral muscles. I was taken aback. “Get on your knees, you little slut,” he directed. I was only too happy to comply.

Ryan stepped toward me, putting his crotch near my face. I could already see the bulge in his pants. “Would you like to suck my dick, you whore?” he asked with unabashed confidence.

“Yes,” I breathed out.

He unbuttoned his dress pants, and then unzipped. He pulled his pants and underwear down to reveal a large, fully erect cock. “Put it in your mouth, bitch,” he whispered. Again, I was only too happy to comply.

I put my lips around the head, and then slowly pushed my way down the shaft, opening my mouth wider as I went while using my tongue to apply pressure to the most sensitive area right below the glans. Ryan moaned in pleasure. In response, I began gently massaging his balls with my hand to stimulate him even further. I looked up at him, sharing an intimate moment of eye contact. He smiled broadly.

I went back to my work, moving my head up and down. He reached down and cupped my breast with his left hand. “I had no idea your tits were this nice, or that you could suck dick this good. But as much as I’m enjoying it, this isn’t what I was fantasizing about,” he told me. He removed his hand from my breast and pushed my shoulder back gently as he pulled his cock out of my mouth. “Go bend over my desk again, slut.”

I got off my knees and resumed the pose I had taken earlier while pretending to read the results off his screen. But there was one important difference: this time, I was naked.

I looked back over my shoulder at Ryan, who was removing his pants, underwear, and socks, while keeping his gaze locked on me the entire time. Then he crouched down. “Damn Courtney, you have really nice legs, long and exquisitely shaped.” It sounded like flattery, but, as I had already offered myself to him, there was really no reason to flatter me. No, I reasoned, it must be the truth. It would also explain why he stared at my backside every time I walked past his office. It gave me a warm feeling and made me feel desirable.

“Beautiful face, nice tits, sexy legs… you really have the whole package,” he said in wonderment. Then he stood and moved closer to me. He put his hands on my tits and then slowly began sliding his hands down my ribs and toward my hips. “But for me,” he continued, “there is one part of your body that makes me want you more than anything else.” He moved his hands from my hips and grabbed a big handful of each my butt cheeks. “I am absolutely obsessed with your ass,” he declared. “This is what I fantasize about. About touching your ass, grabbing your ass, squeezing your ass, licking your ass.” At that point, he fell to his knees and kissed and then licked my asshole. I was surprised, but I enjoyed the sensation.

“And of course,” he continued, “I fantasize about spreading your ass cheeks apart and fucking you in the ass.“

That was a lot to take in. During my preparations, I had considered that he might want anal sex, but I didn’t think the likelihood was very high. Now it seemed almost obvious that he wanted it, given how his eyes were always glued to my ass.

He moved his left hand down to my pussy and began to apply gentle pressure to my clit. He leaned over me and whispered in my ear, “Would you like that, you dirty little slut? Would you like to get fucked in the ass?”

It had been quite a long time since I had had anal sex, but my previous experiences were mostly pleasant – at least those that involved sufficient warm-up time and lots of lube. Add in my high level of arousal, which was being driven even higher by Ryan’s stimulation of my clit, and I decided I was ready to go along with living out his fantasy.

Suddenly he pulled my hair back, interrupting my thoughts. “I asked you a question, bitch!” he growled.

“Yes,” I responded quickly. “There’s lube in my purse. And please, go slow with me, okay?” I pleaded.

He laughed. “Don’t worry slut. I’m going to take my time and really enjoy this. Now, get the lube and put it on my dick.”

I reached for my purse, still sitting on his desk, and retrieved the lube. Then, turning to face him, I squirted out some into my palm and started stroking his cock. He tilted his head back and moaned in delight.

A moment later, however, he put his hand on my wrist to stop me. “All right bitch, time to get back into position,“ he directed. I bent over his desk, feet apart, and waited for the uncomfortable pressure I anticipated as he attempted to slide his big cock into my ass.

“Your fingers still have lube on them,” Ryan stated. “Stick a finger up your ass, like the dirty whore you are.” I hesitated for a moment, but then realized that this was a good way to get warmed up. So I obeyed.

After a few moments, Ryan joined in by sliding his own index finger in along with mine. True to his word, he proceeded slowly. Once I was able to accommodate both our fingers simultaneously, he switched to his thumb. Gradually, I became more relaxed and more open.

He bent over me and whispered in my ear, “I think you’re ready now. “ Then, in jovial, teasing voice, he added, “Would you like to be my butt slut? My backdoor whore?”

He moved into position and put the tip of his dick in my asshole. Despite the fact that I could now comfortably accommodate both my finger and his thumb simultaneously, his dick was noticeably larger. But again, he pressed with slow, gentle pressure until his cock began to slide in.

However, his cock was much longer than our fingers. I soon began to feel discomfort as he pushed in deeper and deeper. “It hurts a little,” I told him, and he backed off slightly. He began to make short, slow movements in and out, and bit by bit, he finally worked his cock all the way in.

As he gradually increased the length of his strokes, I became more comfortable and actually began to enjoy the sensation. Although, I thought to myself, I wish he was fucking my pussy instead of my ass. I probably would have already cum if he was.

Thinking about that made me think about what would happen after he came in my ass. How would I clean up? I certainly couldn’t walk to the women’s bathroom naked! Would I be able to get dressed and get there in time before Ryan’s cum started leaking out?

Ryan’s movements had become decidedly more aggressive. His heavy pounding distracted me from my dilemma, and I began to feel the warmth of arousal that indicated an orgasm was nearing. I’m a screamer, so I gently bit down on my forearm to muffle the sound. But it was still more than loud enough for Ryan to hear.

“Yeah, you like that, don’t you bitch? Most girls don’t even like being fucked in the ass. Only the dirtiest sluts get off on it,” he admonished me. “And now I know. It’s time for the last part of my fantasy, and now I know that you’re going to do it.” He unexpectedly pulled his cock out of my ass. “Turn around and get on your knees, bitch!” he commanded.

I did, and his dick was right in my face. “You’re going to clean my cock with your mouth, and taste your own ass, you nasty skank! Then I’m gonna cum in your mouth, and you’re going to swallow it, aren’t you, you filthy little cunt!”

He pulled my hair back, causing my mouth to fall open, and spit in my face. Then he shoved my head forward and forced my mouth down on his cock until I began to choke. Finally he released my hair, apparently trusting that I would continue on my own. And I did. As I applied my usual technique, I considered that he had just solved my dilemma about walking to the bathroom.

After several minutes, I was surprised that he still hadn’t cum. I began to wonder if I was doing something wrong. But his cock was rock hard and he was still fully engaged, making occasional comments about what a slut I was or how only a dirty whore would swallow his cum. Then I finally felt the indications of his imminent ejaculation. Seconds later, he tensed, and then began pumping out hot semen into my mouth. I swallowed it as I continued to suck.

He pulled his dick out my mouth, smiled down at me, and then spit in my face yet again. Breathing heavily, he leaned down to retrieve his clothes, put on his underwear, pants, and socks, and then collapsed into his office chair. I didn’t know if he wanted me to remain on my knees, so I stood and slowly began to collect my clothes. This caught his attention and he looked up. Then, glancing past me, he noticed the computer screen.

“Hey look,” he said as he pointed to the monitor and rolled his chair up to his desk. “It’s done.” Then, grabbing the mouse, he made a few clicks. “And the log doesn’t show any errors.” He looked over at me almost as an afterthought as I finished getting dressed. “Go get cleaned up and I’ll email the results to you. You can look them over before you send them to the client.” Once again, I felt like he was dismissing me from his office.


Chapter 5

As I walked to the women’s bathroom, my mind swirled. The adrenaline rush was fading, and I began to consider what I had done. Ryan clearly enjoyed the experience, and for that matter, so did I. But where did we go from here?

An uneasy feeling grew in the pit of my stomach. Ryan was not shy about expressing his views about what type of girl he believed me to be – a slut, a bitch, a cunt, a whore, the “dirty hoe” he said he liked. But liked for what purpose? Just as a sexual plaything? What else could it be? Our entire relationship was based on the fact that we worked in the same department and an intense, but brief, sexual encounter. Other than that, we barely knew each other.

As I entered the bathroom, I looked at myself in the mirror. What was I thinking, having sex with him?? And not just regular sex, but allowing him to do basically anything he wanted. He was right – I was a slut, or at least I had been acting like one around him. I could only imagine what he thought of me. But really, I didn’t have to imagine, as he explicitly told me. I didn’t exactly present myself as “girlfriend material”.

Well, I argued with myself, does that matter? As I had thought earlier, I barely knew him. Was it really such a loss if he didn’t want to date me? I pondered the question as I opened my clutch and pulled out my toothbrush and a travel-size tube of toothpaste. I brought them so I would be ready for kissing. Instead, I was using them because I had just performed ass-to-mouth. I closed my eyes and shook my head. One thing I was sure about was that I didn’t want a purely sexual relationship.

Then I had an idea. I could tell Ryan that I allowed him to act out his fantasy as a thank you for helping me with the analysis. That would indicate to him that I wouldn’t be available for sex whenever he wanted. And it wouldn’t look like I was such a slut. Instead, it would look like I did it in exchange for his assistance… basically like the way a prostitute has sex in exchange for money. So I would look less like a slut and more like a whore. Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea after all.

Then another, more troubling thought struck me. If Ryan didn’t want to date me and I didn’t want to have a purely sexual relationship with him, he might be angry. What if Ryan started telling people in the office about our encounter? It would be humiliating, and certainly damaging to my career. He could blackmail me, I thought as panic welled up. But then I also considered that admitting he had sex in the office would be damaging to him too. And, even though I didn’t know him very well, I somehow didn’t think he would be so juvenile.

I finished up in the bathroom and headed to my office. I managed to distract myself for a brief period by reviewing the report and emailing it to the client. Once that was done, however, my thoughts turned back to these issues. It probably would be just a few minutes before Ryan came looking for me, and I had to decide what to say to him before then. After a few more moments of consideration, I headed down to his office.

He was seated at his desk, and greeted me with a warm smile. “Did everything look good with the report?” he inquired.

“Yeah,” I replied. “I just sent it out.” Then I switched to the topic I was anxiously waiting to address.

“Look,” I began. I looked down and avoided his eyes. “After what happened tonight, I’ll understand if you don’t want to pursue a ‘real’ relationship with me. But you also have to understand that I’m not interested in just a sexual relationship.” I began to talk faster, to the point of babbling. “So maybe it would be best if we just leave things as they are. And I would really appreciate it if you didn’t tell anyone in the office, because that would look bad for both of us. I like this job, and I don’t want this –.”

He stood and leaned into me, his right hand cradling the back of my head as he gently, tenderly pressed his lips against mine, cutting me off in mid-sentence as he did so. Then he gradually increased the pressure, and I was vaguely aware of his left hand sliding down to my ass. He opened his mouth, and I responded in kind. His tongue soon found mine, and they rubbed and swirled around each other. It was a long, passionate, sensual kiss.

Finally, he released my head and pulled back slightly. Looking me in the eyes, he said, “Courtney, let’s go to dinner.”
 
