The Curse
by  jastes22

The Curse: Part 3 - Getting Out

I avoided going to school for several days. It wasnt hard, given how absolutely sick I felt. Literally everyone had seen me. I tried my best not to flash anyone, but Im sure there were some lucky students who got a good view of things I didnt want them to see, and just the thought of it made me blush.

But even avoiding people, things kept happening. An odd slip would throw up my skirt, or a button would suddenly come loose. Anytime I was out in public, something embarrassing would happen. Nothing to the degree of what had happened at school, but still embarrassing.

As I showered that morning, I examined my body. I looked good, I could admit, but I had always been shy with it. I shook my head. The whole idea that something was out to get me was ridiculous. I just needed to relax. I grabbed my favorite lavender shampoo and caressed my long brown hair with it, enjoying the power scent as my body was enveloped with it

My phone went off. I wrapped a towel around me snugly and opened up my phone.

A text from Hailee.

Hey girlfriend! Whatcha up to?

Nothing, I responded honestly. Just want to stay home.

I got something to cheer you up.

What is it?

Its a surprise. Ill pick you up in 15.

I started to text that I didnt want to go out, but I stopped myself. I couldnt be scared to go outside. That was no way to live. Im sure I was just imagining things. Itd be fine. Besides, maybe Id have fun.

I hurried and threw on some clothes. Jeans and a T-shirt. Nothing too fancy. The weather was warm enough that I didnt need a jacket, even if Hailees surprise was outdoors.

Here!

I ran outside and got in Hailees car. She was a small girl, with strikingly blond hair and a huge grin. Think valley girl meets country girl, if that made any sense.

As we pulled out the driveway, I turned to her. So, whats the surprise?
She rolled her eyes. If I told you, that would ruin the surprise, wouldnt it?

Something felt off. She was her same bubbly self, but she seemed almost too excited. What did she have planned? I realized that we were heading back to her house. Maybe she wanted to do a makeup session? I used to love those as a kid.

As we pulled up Hailees street, I could see cars lining up and down the sides.

Whats going on? I asked.

Hailee sighed. Party for the kid next door. Bit of a snot. His friends are a bunch of nerdy teenagers. I mostly just ignore him.

I nodded. So whats the surprise?

She grinned, pushing some of her blond hair out of the way. Youll see.

As we entered the yard, Barry, Hailees dog, started to bark and shake, running around me. I laughed, knelt down, and started to scratch behind his ears.

Hey, Louise.

I jumped. I hadnt even noticed there was someone else in the yard.

Mark? What was he doing here? He was the last person I wanted to see right now.

He grinned. Good to see you.

Youre the surprise? I asked. Something was off.

Wellnot exactly, he said. Hailee and I were talking, and we havent seen you at school lately, so we thought it would be a good idea to get you out.

For some reason, his words filled me with dread. N-no thanks. I took a step back. This was a bad idea.

Hailee stopped me from going further. No, we really think this will be good for you. You cant stay cooped up in your house all day.

I realized there was no way out. W-what did you have in mind?

We think you need to get over your shyness about your body. So we decided to strip you.

What? No way! I spun on my heels and dashed for the exit.

Pin her down!

Hailee grabbed me. I fought to get away, but for a small girl, she was very strong. She pinned me down and started to work on my belt buckle.

No! Wait!

Hailee yanked my pants down to my knees. At the same time, Mark grabbed the edges of my shirt and pulled up, lifting my shirt up and over my head. My hands above my head, there was nothing I could do to stop Hailee from pulling off the rest of my pants. As she held me down, Mark ripped off my shoes and socks. Suddenly, I was on the ground clad only in my underwear.

I scrambled to my feet, but before I could grab my clothes, Hailee and Mark snatched them away.

I blushed, holding my hands across my body. Give them back!

Hailee giggled. Youre right, Mark. She is cute when shes embarrassed.

I was still too shocked at what had just happened to respond. This had been Mark's idea?

Heres the deal, Mark said. Hailee and I are going to go shopping. Should be about an hour. Maybe longer. Once we get back, then well give you your clothes back.

I gulped. I knew there was no way to talk them out of it.

They both took a long look up and down my body before heading for their car.

I ran my options through my head. Hailee drove me, and my house was several miles away down a main road, so walking home wasnt an option. I walked over to the backdoor. Maybe I could hide inside. Locked.

I blushed, standing there. I was in the backyard, so it wasnt like anyone would see me. I just had to wait, unfortunately.

Barry barked at me, yipping at something.

What is it, boy?

Suddenly, Barry growled and jumped at me. I yelped, falling to the ground and seeing stars. Before I knew what was happening, Barry had grabbed the edge of my panties.

No! Wait

Riiiippp.

Not again.

I stared at the dog, my panties now wrapped in its mouth. Give it back! I reached down and tried to yank it out of the dogs mouth.

Barry wasnt having any of that. He clamped down on my panties and pulled back. The panties stretched impossibly far before I heard another riiiipp and my panties completely tore in two. The dog jumped back, shook his head like he was playing with a chew toy, and then deposited my destroyed panties in a glob of fabric and saliva on the ground.

I stared at it in disbelief. This could not be happening. Not again. In the span of less than half-an-hour I had been stripped down to only my bra.

Hey, look! Theres some naked girl in the neighbors backyard!

I squeaked, running for a nearby set of bushes as boys clamored out onto the other side of the fence to get a good look at me. You had got to be kidding me! A bunch of horny teenagers? How could this get any worse?

It was much more difficult to climb the bushes than I originally thought, and it took several long, agonizing moments to clear them. I could hear boys laughing, and I knew they could all see my curvy butt.

I threw myself behind the bush, my body trembling from the embarrassment. My bare feet feet felt awkward on the scratchy mulch surrounding plants. The boys all laughed and whistled. Come on out! they yelled. I shook my head. I just prayed they didnt decide to come into the yard.

Thankfully, they didnt, content to just jeer and watch. How much longer were Hailee and Mark going to be? Every minute was agony.

Time passed. My legs were starting to cramp from staying hunched over, but no way was I moving.

Despite my situation, I started to nod off. I was started awake by the sound of voices.Louise? Louise, were back! Mark yelled out.

Relief.

How do you think she did? Hailee asked.

Im sure shes loving it.

They walked into the backyard, pausing at the sight of me hidden by the bushes. They both noted the crowd of boys gathered by the fence. Louise? What are you doing over there? Hailee asked. I saw her look at the mess of my panties on the lawn.

All I could do was whimper.

Well, come on out, Mark said.

I think Ill stay right here, I said.

Why? Whats the matter? They both started to walk over.

No, wait!

Mark and Hailee turned the corner, stopping as they discovered me pantyless.

I blushed as they looked me up and down. My mind tried to get my body to shift to give them less of a view of my pussy, but I was frozen to my spot.

Wow, Louise, Hailee finally said. We thought taking your clothes would be embarrassing enough, but you had to take it a step further. You really want to be exposed, huh?

Thats not

You know what? Mark said, as if discovering the most important thing in the world. I think she wanted to be topless in school.

Hailee nodded. I think thats true.

Thats not true! Now give me back my clothes! I heard some of the boys groan as they realized their little show was coming to an end.

Mark looked at Hailee. I dont know. Do you think we should give them back?

Hailee held my clothes close to her chest. She is being very rude, Hailee said. I think we should hold onto her clothes for a little bit longer.

Oh, come on!

Hailee gave me a cheeky grin. Tell you what. You step out and stand here for five minutes, in front of these boys that have been so polite, well give you your clothes back.

What?

Hailee rolled her eyes. Youre just making this worse for yourself, Lou. You dont really have a choice. And the more I know how embarrassing this is for you, the further I want to go.

I swallowed what felt like a rock. She was right, of course. I had no other options. Trying my best not to expose myself to the boys even more, I started to crawl across the shrub, one hand planted firmly over my pussy.

The boys, having not heard our conversation, were beyond excited to see that they were going to get an even better show. They all looked me up and down. In the corner of my eye, I could see Mark staring, at my waist, and I whimpered. In the past four days, he had seen me skirtless, topless, and now bottomless.

I heard Hailee step up behind me. She grabbed my ample butt and squeezed, giggling at my reaction. If possible, I blushed deeper at the sensation of my best friend fondling me. This was so unlike her. What had gotten into her?

Finally, she pulled away. Good. Now, hands on your head.

W-what?

Hailee grinned. Marks eyes had yet to leave my waist. You heard me.

Im not doing that in front ofin front of them! I hissed.

Hailee shrugged. Fine by me. Well just have to keep this going on for longer, then. We might even consider taking your bra hostage, too.

I paled. The thought of being completely naked was mortifying. And I had nothing to bargain with. I could try to put my foot down, but Hailee was on the warpath, and I knew she would take my last piece of clothing if I gave her a reason to.

F-f-fine.

Good girl. She grabbed my hands gently, and I didnt resist as my hands were raised to my head. I could still smell the lavender from that morning. I kept my legs as close together as possible, whimpering at the feeling of the wind on my crotch.

Oh, give then more than that, Hailee said. Without warning, she placed her hands between my legs and spread them. I whimpered as my pussy spread, open to the eyes of all the leering boys.

It wasnt the entire school, but at least I had been mostly covered then. I was standing with some of my most private parts exposed, legs spread, armpits open to the eyes of some hormone-filled boys who had barely hit puberty! Their eyes exploring my body were like rats skittering up and down my body, enough to make my skin shudder. Some of them would whisper something to the other and they would burst out in giggles. I found myself blushing as I explored my own body in my mind. What were they saying? Were they commenting on some flaw or calling me names? Did they think I was some kind of slut?

Why does she have hair down there? One of the boys asked. This sent a wave of giggles through the group.

What? This? Hailee patted my pussy, grabbing the soft tuft of pubic hair and pulling lightly. This is all natural.

I groaned, nearly buckling over. I blushed, realizing that I had just revealed to Hailee, my tormentor, and everyone else, that what she did was pleasurable. What would she do with that information? My five minutes had to be over soon, right?

Its part of growing up, Hailee said. Come and take a look. But no touching.

I stared at my best friend. What was she doing?

The boys didnt hesitate, climbing over the fence and bending over to take a good look at my womanhood. I bit my lip, trying not to cry. This was soooo embarrassing. Some of them even reached out and grazed my leg before remembering Hailees restriction. My breathing grew faster and faster as the boys examined me. My breasts heaved against the fabric of my bra. I felt like I was sweating everywhere.

One of them was bold enough to run his finger down the side of my pussy. I groaned and nearly buckled over.

Look! Shes wet!

Hailee giggled. Yes, thats what happens when shes excited.

Frick, this couldnt get more embarrassing. I had never been turned on by this sort of thing in the past, but my body was betraying me.

Can we see her boobs?

I held my breath. The thought of being completely naked in front of others was terrifying.

Sorry, kiddos. Looks like our time is up. Mark?

Looking a little disappointed, Mark threw me my clothes. I threw them on as fast as I possibly could, not even caring that I was mooning everyone as I bent down to pull on my pants. It felt odd wearing no panties, but it was a thousand times better.

Driving home, neither Hailee or I said anything. I opted to sit with my legs folded up. Anything to feel more covered up.

As we pulled into my driveway, Hailee looked at me. I know you enjoyed that, Louise.

I opened my mouth to argue. Hailee held up a finger. No need to admit it. I just know.

As she drove away, I felt something come over me. Had that really just happened? I had been naked from the waist down in front ofboys. Oh, crap, I couldnt think of anything more awful.

There was no way anything worse could happen.

Right?


The Curse - Part 4: The Devil's Bargain

There was no way I was going to go to Marks party.

My phone was blowing up. A quick glance showed Hailee begging me to come. As a co-captain of the girls swim team, she desperately wanted everyone to be there, but I wasnt budging. No way. They would just find a way to embarrass me in front of everyone.

Then, there was a pause. 10 minutes. 20 minutes. 30 minutes. The silence was making me nervous. Hailee wasnt one to give up easily. What was she up to?

Then, an hour before the party was supposed to start, I got a text. It was an unknown number, but I instantly knew it was Mark.

No words, just a singular picture. Actually, two pictures.

The first was of me, standing in the middle of Hailees lawn with my hands on my head. The boys were around me, but it was very clear that I was naked from the waist down.

Then the second one was of me with Hailee kneeling beside me with a hand on my crotch. The moment when she pulled on my pubic hair, I realized. That wasnt the worst part, though. The worst part was my face. Mouth open in a loud groan. It was obvious that I was enjoying it. Even just looking at it made me blush.

When did Mark even have a chance to take those? I didnt remember him using his phone at all that day. Did I just miss it? No, I was sure of it. He didnt have his phone out. And yet there it was.

I stared at the pictures. Was Markblackmailing me?

I swallowed, a knot in my stomach starting to form. I realized I didnt have a choice.

I was going to Marks party.

I didnt have much time to get there, and I didnt want Mark to think I was bailing and decide to release those pictures before I did. I didnt have time to throw anything on except for a dark blue string bikini..

The weather was perfect for a pool party. Nice and sunny. I hardly noticed, though, as the knot in my stomach continued to grow and twist as I got closer to Marks place.

Louise! You made it! Mark exclaimed as I climbed onto the patio. I tried to give him the most scathing glare, but it didnt stop him from wrapping me in a big hug. Most everyone is already here.

He was right. The place was packed. Despite it being at the very beginning of the party when most people hadnt shown up yet, everyone seemed to have come early. It looked like almost the entirety of both the boys and the girls swimming team was there. As I walked over to where everyone had deposited their t-shirts and pants, I could see the captains, too. Hailee and Anna for the girls, and then Drew and of course Mark for the boys.

As I started to lather on sunscreen, I could see the rest of the captains come out of the pool and walk towards me. A hush went through the group, and I felt myself shudder. I wrapped my hands around my stomach, feeling so exposed even in a bikini.

Youve been quite the celebrity, Louise, Anna said. Inwardly, I groaned. I knew it was too much to hope for, but whatever had taken hold of the nurse, my teachers, and even Mark and Hailee, had taken over everyone else, too. It had even taken over the dog, now that I thought about it.

I tried to stay cool. I-I dont know what youre talking about.

Oh, I think you do, she said. Hard to miss your little stunt in school, and then Hailee was telling us how you were showing off in her backyard.

I blushed at the thought of Hailee describing the experience to everyone. I wasntshowing off. I realized it didnt matter what I said.

So, we want to explore this naughty side of you.

I blushedI felt like my face was never going to be normal againat the word naughty. That really wasnt who I was. Some girls got off on stuff like that, but I didnt. If I did, I wouldnt be getting so embarrassed by it all.

But well give you a chance to get out of it, Drew said. You choose one of us for a racetwo laps in the pool. You win, we leave you alone. You lose, then we strip you naked and the winner gets to choose a punishment for you.

It was actually a good deal, I realize. At least they were giving me a chance to save myself. However, they were all captains. I was a strong swimmer, but not at their level. It would be a challenge, but it was my only shot.

So, whos it going to be?

I took a minute, but I knew right away who it was going to be. The one who started this all. Mark.

He grinned and started to take off his shirt as we moved to the edge of the pool. Walking over, I realized that I was essentially agreeing to their terms. No way to bail now.

Go! Someone shouted.

Mark and I dove in, and I swam for my life, stretching my arms and kicking with my legs furiously. I couldnt see much through the splashing of the pool, but I thought I was edging over him slightly.

We hit the edge of the pool and started to make our way back. I was winning!

As soon as I thought that, the image of me naked and surrounded by people emerged in my mind. something in my stomach gnarled and twisted, and suddenly my arms and legs felt like lead. I grunted and groaned in an attempt to force my body to behave, but it was no use. I looked in despair as Mark passed me and reached the edge.

Mark wins! Anna shouted.

The whole party cheered, excited at the prospect of witnessing my humiliation. I blushed. This was really happening.

I crawled out of the pool, my hands over my body and my teeth chittering. The dripping water felt overly cold, and I was very aware of how my dripping hair was clinging to my neck. Some of it clung to my forehead, but I didnt dare move my hands to brush it away.

Well, you know what time it is, Hailee said. Time to get naked!

I blushed.

But, well be nice. Well let you be the one to take off your bikini.

But only if you use scissors to take them off, Drew said.

What?

He shrugged. The deal was for all night. This will get rid of any temptation to put them back on.

Scissors were procured very quickly.

Whenever youre ready, Anna said. Start with your bra first.

I swallowed and pulled out the center of my bra and slid the scissors inside. I shuddered at the sensation of the sharp edge rubbing my skin.

*Snip*

My bra fell to the ground, and I blushed as my tits were exposed to the world.

Anna giggled. She likes it! My nipples, already stimulated by the cold pool water, had already popped and hardened. I groaned softly. What had gotten into me? This sort of thing never turned me on. My hands tightened around the scissors, frozen.

Good. Now the panties, Hailee said. I knew she could see from my face that I needed the push.

My hands were shaking so much I worried that I was going to accidently cut myself. Finally, I was able to pinch the edge of my bikini bottom with my fingers and pull it out. The material of my panties was not conducive to being cut, though, and it took several small cuts to get through it. It reminded me of my skirt, slowly tearing until it all fell apart. With each cut, I felt myself blush deeper and deeper.

The final *snip* was the loudest as my panties held on for just a moment, and then the first opening fell apart. Knowing that my pussy was now slightly visible, I hurried to cut off the second opening. Now that I knew how to cut, the second half came apart easily, and the tattered ruins fell to the ground with my top.

Louise! Hailee said, throwing her hands in the air. Youre soooo cute! And look how wet you are!

Its just pool water! I tried to claim, but there was denying that my legs were turning into jelly.. I blushed, placing my hands over my privates. I knew Hailee was just trying to embarrass me, but that did little to actually stop me from actually being embarrassed. My bare skin was tingling, and I shuffled on my feet, unsure how to hold myself. No matter where I stood, everyone was going to have a clear view of either my butt, tits, or pussy. Everyone was quiet, admiring the subject before them.

Lets get a good look at you, Hailee said. Go on. Give us a whirl. And hands on your head.

My ability to resist was evaporating as fast as my ability to stand on my own two legs. I obeyed, tucking my hands in my hair so everyone had an unfettered view and turning slowly. Looking at all these students looking at me made me want to melt into the patio and just disappear.

Finally, I completed my turn and came face-to-face with Mark.

As Mark examined me, the panic really started to settle in. Oh, frick, I was completely naked. It was like my brain was an old computer. Things were happening at such a fast speed I couldnt keep up. Another realization. Not only was I naked, but I was surrounded by at least fifty people, all of whom I saw at school on a regular basis.

Hmmwhat should I have you do?

I narrowed my eyes at him. Do your worst, I said with every ounce of bravado I could muster. To be honest, I was terrified. Every moment I had been embarrassed by him or around him had escalated. What was he going to do next?

He grinned. I think Id like to tie her up and give her a good, thorough tickling. Thirty minutes.

I held in a sigh of relief. I wasnt ticklish. This would be easy. I didnt love the idea of Mark running his fingers up and down my naked body, but it was a hundred times better than streaking.

Okay, but no takebacks! I said. Once they realized that Marks tickling was doing nothing, I didnt want them to decide on a new punishment. I wanted to see the looks on their faces when they realized that they had chosen their punishment poorly. That would at least be a victory. Thirty minutes and Id be done.

Sounds good, Mark said.

Wait, Hailee said. Since this is her last punishment, we should make this extra special. We should blindfold her.

I groaned. It wouldnt matter either way, but not being able to see was its own punishment.

They put the blindfold on first. I blushed underneath, imagining everyone getting a good look at me while they worked on hoisting my hands above my head and tying them to the rafters.

There was a pause as I dangled from my hands like a worm on a hook. I could hear my breathing, hard and heavy like a drum.

Drew? Start the timer.

Mark made contact. I dont know what it was, whether it was the heightened arousal of being completely naked in front of my friends, or if it was the fact that I was tied or, or the fact that I couldnt see anything, but as Mark started to crawl his fingers along my sides, my whole body shook as laughter erupted from my mouth. His fingers buzzed, as if crackling with energy, and it completely tore down my ability to resist being ticklish.

The fact that I had never been ticklish in my life meant that I had absolutely no defense for when I actually was ticklish. I screamed and thrashed and squealed, though it did nothing as Mark dug into my armpits and inner thighs.

He stopped briefly. I took deep gulfs of breath, my chest throbbing, tears wetting the blindfold. Grabbing my shins, he raised my foot. I knew instantly that if he tickled the soles of my foot, it would be excruciating. Stop! Stop! Please! Ill do anything!

You said it yourself. No takebacks! He took his thumbnail and dragged it across.

I shrieked and pulled against the rope as hard as I possibly could, but it was useless as he continued to go to town on my legs and feet

Other hands started to touch me, eliciting squeals and moans as they tickled me. I tried to open my mouth to claim that only Mark could tickle me, but I couldnt get enough air in my lung to say anything. There was nothing I could do to stop them, either, and that just made everything worse. I imagined looking into the faces of my teammates the next day and wondering who had participated in tickling and not knowing.

Time passed excruciatingly slowly. I hoped that Mark and the others would get bored with me after a couple of minutes, but they continued on, finding new ways to make me squeal and laugh. How had I gotten so ticklish? This wasnt like me at all, and Mark was capitalizing on it.

We had to be getting close, right? No way

A hand reached up and grabbed the hair on my crotch. Wait

A loud moan escaped my lips as whoever yanked on my pubic hair. I blushed deeper than I thought possible. It was already embarrassing enough that I was in a position that someone I couldnt even see could that, but now they all knew that I got off on it.

Unfortunately, that just meant it was another thing they could take advantage of. Every couple of minutes someone would grab and yank, and I would moan every time, creating a vicious cycle of pleasure and shame.

Finally, mercifully, Drews timer went off, and people pulled back. Someone slipped the blindfold off. I gasped, sucking in large gulps of air. My lungs were on fire and my body was covered in sweat. My hair was a complete mess, and I knew my eyes were bloodshot from crying

O-o-okay, I said, struggling to form words. Now let me I gasped, swallowing another gulp of air. ...let me down!

The four of them looked at each other, as if confused. Oh nowhat were they up to?

We never said wed untie you after thirty minutes, Anna said. Pretty sure youre staying up there all night.

My stomach plummeted. I wasnt sure how much more of this I could take.

Im sure Mark could find some more things to do with you, Hailee said.

What? Mark? He had been a part of every embarrassing thing since the beginning.

With the surprise that I would be staying in my current state indefinitely, the party lingered long until it had turned dark. Most people avoided looking at me head on, but I could see them sneaking glances. I blushed as I realized that the boys flimsy swimsuits did little to hide their boners. I had never really considered myself to be super-attractive or anything, but seeing everyone turned on so much gave me a little bit of a thrill. Oh, crap, what was I turning into?

Mark sat in a chair next to me, his fingers brushing my leg or thigh on occasion. I would shudder each time, but there was nothing I could do.

I felt tired, but any ability to sleep was completely robbed by the sensation of being naked in the middle of the party. Finally, around what I was sure was 2:30 in the morning, the only people left were the captains.

Well, we should head out, Mark, Hailee said. She gave me one last look and grinned. Have some fun with her.

There was a brief pause as we both listened to the sound of the last car leaving. Ill admit, Louise, he said. I feel a little bad for you. You were my first real victim.

W-what?

Im sure youve started to suspect something is off with how people have been acting around you. Im nothuman. Well, I am, just not in the way you would think.

My mind was too tired to really understand. What was he saying?

Theres no real word for it. My kind, we thrive on embarrassment. It feeds us. Were able to manipulate some things, like small objects or peoples motivation to achieve that emotion. Creating those pictures to send to you was probably the hardest.

So theyre not real?

Oh, theyre very real. He held up his phone. Sure, enough, my naked form was looking back at me. I just didnt take them that day. I recreated them, so to speak. Its hard to explain.

I swallowed. I knew he hadnt taken those pictures! Little good that did me now.

Tickling is our preferred method though, he said. I suspect youve never been quite tickled like that before.

I blushed, biting my lip. The fact that he had so easily overcome my resistance to tickling had been one of the worst defeats of the night, one that I had paid dearly for.

He chuckled to himself. I had sent out a bunch of little pulses that morning to see if anyone got embarrassed, but normally nothing comes of it. Imagine my luck running into you with your skirt falling apart.

He looked at me, and I felt a little chill run down my spine, a sensation that was only magnified by the fact that I had no clothes on. You were the perfect subject, Louise. Most people, when they become targets, they get used to the embarrassment, and so we move on. But youyou never got used to it. Everything embarrassed you.

I blushed. Crap, he was right. From just a little skirt malfunction to full-blown exposure in front of forty people, Mark had manipulated me into every embarrassing situation imaginable.

It was remarkably easy to get Hailee and the others in on it, too. Only took a little push. I imagine, subconsciously, theyve been waiting to do something like that to you for years.

I whimpered at that thought. Did I really inspire that kind of torment from my friends?

He sighed. Tonight was great. I dont think Ill be able to pull something off like this for a while, though. I guess Ill just have to be content with embarrassing you at school every day for the foreseeable future. Ive got plenty of ideas.

Please I pleaded. Not every day. The thought of being embarrassed every day at school was almost too much. Ill do anything.

Mark grinned. Anything? Lets say, onceno, twicea week, you have to do anything I say. It wont be to this level, but itll be enough to get you to squirm a little bit. The rest of the week? Ill leave you alone.

I whimpered. Anything? It would mean I would have some respite from embarrassment, but those terms were awfully vague for my liking.

Mark stood up and looked me up and down slowly, knowing what was going on inside my head. Sodo we have a bargain?


