The Story of Jenny Part 9 - Bride Ideas 

Jenny looked stunning in the floor-length wedding dress.  Her eyes radiated a sparkling brightness through the bridal veil, and her smile was contagious.

He kissed her hand, slipped the ring on her finger, and waited for the pronouncement from the pastor.  Then he raised the veil which covered her face, and kissed Jenny on her ruby lips.  Arm in arm, they proceeded down the center aisle and out to the foyer, where the happy couple chatted with those attending the ceremony.

The same evening found the bride, still in her wedding dress, the new husband, and the bridesmaids, in a large suite.  They were sipping wine and talking about the day's events, the other people at the wedding, and the food they all shared at the reception.

Joanie finally piped up, addressing Jenny with "Well, when are you guys going to get down to business?  Do you want us to leave?"

"Hey, I want to stay and watch," Cynthia laughed.

"Jenny, aren't you going to spank him first?" Marcia inquired.

Joanie said, "Hey, THAT I want to see!"

"Yeah, me too!  A good spanking on his wedding night!" was Cynthia's comeback.

"Woo-woo-woo!  Jenny, can we watch you give him a good spanking?" asked Marcia.

Joanie and Marcia went up to him and, in a kind of mock flirting, started pawing him.  "Please, can we watch Jenny spank you?" cooed Joanie.  Marcia, asking more with her eyes than with words, said, "It would really mean a lot.  Pleeeeeease?"

"Come on, you guys! He's MY husband now," Jenny exclaimed with pretended indignation.

"Well, we haven't seen you spank him," Cynthia replied.

Marcia inquired, "What are you going to use on him tonight, Jenny?  Did you bring your arsenal of 'equipment' with you?"

Blushing, Jenny replied, "I brought a few things."  She retrieved the oaken hairbrush from her kit, and then unwrapped the rattan cane and set it on the bed.  "And you guys can't watch," she continued, "this is our wedding night, remember?"

The bridesmaids kiddingly lamented their exclusion from the forthcoming spanking scene as they finished off the wine and snacks, and finally left, after conveying their best wishes to the new couple.

"All right, my love," Jenny began, and picked up the hardwood hairbrush and walked to the straight-backed chair, "I am going to set the tone for our relationship from now on."  Still in her wedding dress, she seated herself on the chair and beckoned her new husband to approach her.  She undid his trousers, knowing that he would have preferred to do so, and bared his bottom.

"Jenny, don't be too hard on me," he implored as he got across her lap.

She scolded, "You know that I'm the one who decides what you'll get, don't you?  I decide when and how to spank you, and how much."

"Yes Ma'am," he said with a quaver in his voice as he mentally prepared himself for what was to come.

Jenny showed no restraint as she enthusiastically paddled his bare bottom.  With sparkling eyes, she brought the oval hardwood hairbrush down hard, again and again, alternating left and right nether cheeks while he struggled valiantly to retain his composure.  The stinging smacks, however, were simply too commanding of his attention, and he could not refrain from vocal protest as Jenny persisted in vigorously applying the hardwood instrument.

"Oh please Jenny! Please stop... just for a minute, Jenny, PLEASE! OW! Ahhhh!  No, Jenny!  OH!  Ahhhhh! Stop!  Jennyyyyyy!"  He pounded on the floor with his hands; he kicked his legs; he begged her for relief.  The stinging swats, however, inexorably continued for what seemed to him a hellish eternity.

Jenny felt intense arousal from administering such a severe bun toasting - an arousal that made her want to continue it forever.  Her better judgement, however, told her that she should quit soon, especially since she had further plans.  She nudged him off her lap and told him to keep his bottom bared and his clothes on.

Jenny kicked off her shoes and arranged several pillows at the head of the bed so that she was partly sitting up when she leaned back on them.  She spread her legs and told him to pleasure her by mouth.  He took his position face down, fully clothed except for his bare bottom, and pressed his mouth on her vaginal lips, reverently kissing them and tasting her profuse lubrication.  After a few moments, Jenny's eyes closed tightly, she swayed her head from side to side, and shuddered in orgasmic pleasure.

"Oh, Jenny, I want you so much," he exclaimed.

"Keep going just like you were," Jenny instructed, and grasped the rattan cane.  She gave him three smart strokes on his bared bottom.  He jerked his hips each time Jenny struck him with the rattan instrument. As a result, he fervently renewed his oral attentions between Jenny's legs.  Her heightened arousal quickly brought another climax which she expressed with wordless sounds.

"Jenny, I - "

"Keep your mouth right there!" Jenny ordered.  She moaned as he expertly worked his tongue on and around her slippery clitoral protuberance and surrounding area.  Intoxicated by her scent, he planted his mouth on her pussy and gently sucked and orally probed.  Jenny placed several more smart strokes of the cane on his bared bottom.  He kept his mouth on her pubic area and licked furiously in reaction.  Jenny's mouth opened wide and she shamelessly moaned her third climax, and then gently pushed his head away to regain her composure.

"Do you want to fuck me now?" Jenny asked him in a teasing tone. 

"Mmmm, Jenny, I've got to have you!"

She got up from the bed, put on her bridal veil, and retrieved the rattan cane.  "Well, if you can take a dozen strokes of the cane without getting out of position, I'll let you fuck me to your heart's content.  Stay there on the bed, and stick your bottom up for the cane, and keep it there! That's it.  Now keep your ass just like that for the whole set."

Although still in her wedding dress, Jenny presented an image of authority as she prepared to whip him.  He was prone on the bed, still dressed, with his trousers down far enough to expose his bared bottom.  His hands by his shoulders, he waited for his whipping, wide eyed and excited, with his lower back arched and his ass raised up, as if asking - no, begging - for his whipping.

Jenny bent her knees slightly and placed a firm cane stroke across both nether cheeks of her target, and called out, "One."

"Ahhhhh!" he shouted, now realizing that he did not have latitude to writhe or kick very much without getting out of position.  He waited for the next stroke with each hand clenched in a fist, determined to take what Jenny decreed he should have before his reward.

She pressed her lips together tightly and imparted another striation.  "Two!"

"Aaaaaugh, Jenny!"

He panted through clenched teeth as Jenny's lips, still firmly pressed together, formed a smile.  She quickly added the next striation.  "Three," she cried.

"Owwwww! Oh please! Not so hard!"

"You want to fuck me, remember?" she teased.  "You've got to show me that you can take a little caning! Four! Five!"

"Ahhhhh!  Aaaugh!"

"Six!"

"Oh God, Jenny - "

"Seven!"

"Ow! Ow! Ahhhhhhhh!"  He twisted as much as he could while maintaining the position of his bared bottom.

"Five more strokes and you can fuck me," she coarsely whispered.  "Can you take five more, darling?"

"I don't know, Jenny. It really hurts!"

"Only five more, my love. I want you to fuck me - fill me up.  Gather all your resolve now, and stay in position for the next five.  Darling, I know you can do it."

She stepped back and expertly applied the next stroke.  "Eight!"

"Aughh! It hurts!"

"I want to get this over with quickly, sweetheart, so I'm going to go faster," Jenny said.  She placed her left hand on her hip and casually whipped the final four strokes in rapid succession. "Nine! Ten! Eleven! Twelve!"

He gave a raucous shout each time the cane made contact, and finally relaxed his position when he heard Jenny count the twelfth stroke.

Jenny smiled radiantly.

"CUT!" yelled Sandy.  Kat stopped the camcorder and write-protected the tape that had recorded the scripted scene.

"Good one, guys!" exclaimed Sandy.  "You wouldn't believe how hot I got watching you!"

"No kidding!" Kat said.  "I also get a copy of the tape, Jenny!"

"Thanks, Sandy and Kat!" Jenny acknowledged.  "I'll have copies made for both of you.  We need to return the wedding dress and the other clothes on Monday."

Jenny's boyfriend got up from the bed as Kat and Sandy prepared to leave.  When the couple were at last alone, Jenny unfastened his trousers and helped him undress.  They fell together onto the bed, Jenny still wearing her wedding dress and bridal veil, and within a minute he had entered her.  Her large eyes excited with arousal, she put her hands against his chest and pushed away in mock virginal resistance, so that he would have to overcome her with his strength.  

"Ahhhh! Ahhhhh!" Jenny exclaimed as she threw her head back and opened her mouth as she felt a new climax approaching.  Her orgasm engulfed her, and she held him close as he powerfully ejaculated inside her.

----

I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
