Title: Hard Sell III
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Katrina learns that she's not the only one in the world
with powers... and that she is not the most powerful telepath.
Keywords: FF FF+ mc

Hard Sell III
by Bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Katrina, Lynda, Julie, Tania, and a girl they picked up at the club
named Tina arrived at Katrina's house at about midnight. Thanks to
the resident telepath, none of them were ready for sleep. Katrina had
decided to have her first real orgy--it had been a few weeks since
she picked up her latest slave, Tania, and it was actually Tania's
idea. 'Her training is going well,' Katrina mused as they went inside
and started to get ready for the night's festivities.

They didn't notice the eight identically-dressed men following them
in two cars. The cars parked several houses away, and the occupants
got out and took their places on Katrina's front lawn.

Once inside, Katrina had the girls get cleaned up while she had a
drink. They showered two at a time. This was going to be Tina's first
time with a woman, and Kat wanted to make it memorable. Somehow, she
didn't want to go through the whole enslavement process tonight.
Finishing her Long Island Ice Tea, she put the glass on the kitchen
counter and went to her bedroom.

Five naked women were entangled and groping each other wildly on her
custom-sized bed. While the others were gone, Dana had been busy
wrapping the whole mattress in sever layers of plastic wrap, and
Tania was holding a large (and now-half-empty) bottle of cherry-
flavored lube. The slightly red, slippery goo was already everywhere.

"You girls having fun with all that oil?" Kat asked, getting their
attention. She had disrobed and was lightly rubbing her pussy while
she took in the Sapphic scene. Her words alone were enough to make
them all stop what they were doing and stare at her in utter devotee-
like adoration. Sliding into the slick pile of naked women, she
mentally increased the arousal of the other ladies to a level they
had never imagined possible.

There was no method, plan, or focus to the sexual antics on that bed--
this was an orgy in the truest sense. All of the women--even Katrina
herself--were so frenzied that they would lick anything, insert a
finger (or two or three or four) into any available pussy, paw at any
breast available, and generally do anything they could to cause
intense pleasure to any flesh that came within their grasp.

The wild action continued until about 2:00 AM, when the last of
their energy finally ran out. Katrina and Tania, both barely awake,
decided to leave the messy scene and take an early-morning shower
before they crawled into bed. Hand in hand, they walked into the
adjoining bathroom. "We're sleeping on your bed tonight, Tania,"
Katrina told her newest slave.

The shower seemed to give them a tiny boost of sexual energy, and
they lazily fondled each other as they washed the fruity lube from
their bodies. Tania found it necessary to wash Kat's pussy with her
tongue. When she came back up, licking away any stray bits of goo
that the water hadn't washed off, she suddenly had an idea. Rubbing
Katrina's clit, she whispered into Katrina's ear, "Have you ever been
tied up?"

Strangely, the idea sparked more arousal in Katrina than the
wonderful clitoral massage had. She told her slave, "This one time.
Just for you." Tania stopped in her Mistress's room and picked out a
sexy pair of panties and a matching bra. "What do you intend to do
with my underwear, pet?"

"You'll need them to prevent... chafing," Tania said with a sly
smile on her pretty face. Once in Tania's room, Katrina put on the
underwear. Tania left the room but came back with a scarf and a few
lengths of thick, white, cotton rope.

Katrina walked a few steps over to her full-length mirror so she
could watch her pet tie her up. After tossing all but one of the
ropes onto the bed, Tania seductively walked to her Mistress. Once
behind her, she started by tying Katrina's elbows together loosely
behind her back.

With this done, she drew away the hair from Kat's neck and lightly
nibbled on her neck while gently squeezing her tits through the bra.
Then, she went back to the bed for the next piece.

Turning Katrina around to face her, she tied one end of a longer
length of rope to her Mistress's right wrist and brought it into
position right in front of her hip. Never breaking eye contact, Tania
then wrapped the rope around Kat's flat tummy until there was just
enough left to tie her left wrist. It, too, was tied into position in
front of her hip.

She pulled her restrained Mistress in for a passionate kiss before
she completed her task.

After pulling away from Katrina's lips, Tania retrieved the final
piece of rope. She tied it to the front of Katrina's tummy rope, and
let it hang down in front of her crotch. Turning her around to face
the mirror again, Tania then reached between Kat's legs, grabbed the
rope, and brought the end of it up behind her. The rope was pulled
taut--pushing Katrina's panties tightly into her sex and lightly into
the crevasse of her derriere. Tania looped this rope around the ropes
keeping Katrina's elbows together, and finished by bringing it back
between Katrina's legs tying it off near where it began on the tummy
rope.

Katrina, still facing the mirror, could barely move above the waist.
Deciding to test Tania's work, she tried to wiggle her elbows and...

'Fuck, yeah, now that's interesting...' she thought when she first
felt the sensation of the rope dragging across her pussy. As she
continued to wiggle, she really started to enjoy the sensation of the
rope's friction against her increasingly wet panties.

Tania was happy to have done something pleasing to her Mistress, and
she smiled to herself. Getting the scarf from the bed, she came up
behind Katrina and blindfolded her. Katrina was too aroused to really
object, and actually found it strangely arousing in and of itself.

Tania gently walked Katrina over to her bed--each tender step making
her Mistress moan lightly. As softly as she could, Tania pushed
Katrina sideways onto the bed.

Katrina was quickly becoming lost in a world of arousal she never
knew could some from simply being physically restrained. As she
slowly wiggled on the bed, she began to wonder what her slave was
going to do next--and the uncertainty was enough to increase her
arousal to heights she hadn't felt for quite some time, even
including that night's previous action.

And that's when she suddenly fell asleep.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

When Katrina was finally asleep, three men were on the ground
sporting headaches, five more were standing and rubbing their
temples, and a ninth man drove up and parked right in front of
Katrina's house. This man was a clearly a manager--even though all
nine of the men were wearing identical black jeans and red T-shirts
with stars on the right sleve, he was wearing a baseball cap. It was
yellow and had an 11-point solid blue star on it.

"Well, did you subdue the target?" the manager asked.

"Yes, but it was not easy. It took five of us to subdue her. The
strain was a lot for them," he said, motioning towards the three on
the ground. "Ted here," he continued, this time pointing to Tania's
ex-fiance, "put a port into her mind once we had her defenses down.
Katrina Spellacy is asleep inside, and tied up. We have partial
control over her, although we can't do much with her core personality-
-
re-programming is out of the question. She is not a threat to us."

The manager was pleased, if not concerned for the effort it took to
subue the target. "Fought you all the way, huh?"

"That's what's strange," mumbled one of the men as he got off the
ground, still holding his head. "Her mind subconsciously fought us,
but she was never aware of our presence."

"Well," the manager said, "this should only take three of you. I
expect restoration feasibility reports in the morning from you two,"
he told the two men who were still on the ground. They walked towards
the front door of the house, and the rest (except for Tania's ex-
fiance) walked towards the cars they'd parked.

The manager whispered to Tania's ex, "Look, I don't know how you
managed to get this collar, being so connected to one of the victims,
but don't fuck it up. This is our chance, Ted. Do not smudge this
one. Understand?"

Ted stared blankly at the manager, knowing that he had no choice but
to comply. "Yes. I suppose I do. Should I give her a choice?"

"You know that recruitment for the project is voluntary. If this
'Katrina' does not want to cooperate, we can't make her. She could be
killed if she cooperates; however, if she refuses, then we can study
her. You can't study a corpse's mental makeup," the manager explained.

"I doubt she'll refuse," Ted mumbled as he walked away.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(Katrina)

I woke up the next day--at least, I thought it was the next day.
When I realized that I was still blindfolded, I also realized that I
didn't remember exactly why I allowed Tania to tie me up in the first
place. It was certainly not my style, and if the cotton rope wasn't
rubbing up and down my slit as I tried in vain to wiggle free, it
would have been downright uncomfortable. But, the nice friction
against my panties as I struggled before summoning Tania to untie me--
and take her punishment--made the discomfort I was feeling tolerable.

Actually, it was getting pretty damn hot. Maybe I'd have to
experiment with this a little more. My elbows were tied close
together behind my back--I was pretty much chicken-winged. But, the
rope that was digging so delightfully into my crotch did put lot of
pressure on my clit if I moved just right.

I was thinking, 'I wonder where Tania learned to tie people up so
well?' when I heard someone speak.

"She learned from me; I was a boy scout for a few years. Don't you
even wonder where the rope came from? I mean, you don't actually own
any rope, do you?"

I temporarily came out of my erotic haze when I heard that voice. A
man? Here, in my room? 'This fucker picked the wrong girl to rape,' I
decided as I built up a mental surge that would begin to teach this
fucker about a new world of pain. Throwing my thought probe towards
where I heard the voice coming from, I waited for him to fall to the
floor, screaming.

I felt him slap my panty-clad ass instead. And, he laughed.
Suddenly, I didn't want to fight anymore--I was more interested in my
growing arousal.

"There'll be none of that, Katrina. We need to have a little talk,
Kat," the mysterious man told me.

"Who the fuck are you, what the fuck are you doing here, and how
fucking painful do you want your death to be?" I hissed. Then, I felt
the knot on the blindfold loosen, and I focused my vision on a man
who had no distinguishing facial characteristics. I looked at what he
was wearing: a dark red T-shirt with a strange star-shape on the
sleeve, and a black pair of jeans. He was walking around in cheap,
white running shoes. Whoever this fucker was, he did not know how to
dress.

"Why do you care how I'm dressed? It shouldn't bother you. My name
is Ted. We met the other night, remember? I was on a date with my
soon-to-be fiance, Tania. But, you had other plans." He was walking
around my bedroom, looking at various nick-knacks as he spoke. "You
thought you'd stolen another slave from the evil grips of
heterosexuality. Unfortunately for you, you picked the wrong average
guy to fuck." Realizing his double-entendre, he laughed. But, then he
looked right at me with a hint of restrained revenge in his glare.

"Fuck off! Get out of my house or I'll dial..."

"What, 911? Are you actually threatening to call the police?" He
rolled his eyes and called to the living room. "Hey guys, come in
here and listen to this!"

In a few seconds, there were three identically dressed men in my
room. Strangely, I couldn't tell one apart from the others, even
though they all had different features. While my mind was struggling
with this, I blurted out, "Fuck off! Get out of my house or I'll dial
911!"

They all got a chuckle out of it. Ted came over to me and sat by me
on the bed. I was struggling with the rope--not to get away, but to
get off. The rope between my legs was the only thing I could rub
against my pussy! 'Damn, when did I get so fucking horny?'

"Don't worry about why you're horny, Katrina. Just listen for a
minute." As I continued to writhe, the friction of the rope moving
over my pussy soaking the panties separating them, he continued.
"We've been watching you for a few weeks--mostly, to see how your
pretty little mind works." As he said that, he patted my head in a
most condescending manner. "I was prepared to take back what was
mine, set the others free, and then have your mind silenced..."

Interrupting him, I asked, "were you going to take away my powers?"

"Powers? Uh, well, yeah, in a way, I guess it would leave you
without powers." He began to untie me--and as soon as my hands were
free, I immediately took off my bra, and I began to pinch and twist
my nipples, giving them the attention they demanded. After a few
strong tweaks, he had the rope that clung to my crotch untied, and I
was able to finally take one hand away... to address my very wet cunt.

"Is that all you think about?" he asked. I didn't answer him--my
hand on my pussy felt too good for me to even think of talking.
"Damn! Anyway, you were saved from a total mental lobotomy. Smudging,
we call it. But, we're impressed with your power level." As he said
that, he untied the last knot, and I stood up, taking off my very wet
panties and openly frigging my clit in front of Ted.

"Mmmmmm... if I'm so p-powerful, how is it I cunt... can't... do
anything to y-you, Mr. Ted?"

Standing up from the bed and speaking without looking at me, he
replied, "I didn't say you were more powerful than us. But, we've had
experience with hundreds of female telepaths. You are the most
powerful woman we've been able to track down. That's why we're having
a conversation... instead of an operation."

I let that pseudo-compliment sink in for a few moments as I
continued to play with myself. I sat back on the bed, spreading my
legs and sliding two fingers into my snatch. "Are you... going to
take away my... pets? My... ungh..." I was so hot and close to
climaxing that it was getting hard to talk! While I was trying to
talk, one of the two guys from the living room came in, handed a
piece of paper to Ted, and went back into the living room.

Still looking at the piece of paper, he raised an eyebrow and
casually announced, "Well, Kat, I guess that's up to you." After
saying that, he looked at me and winked.

No longer to verbally say anything intelligible, I thought to him,
'What do you mean, it's up to me?'

He started to chuckle. "You can keep your powers. It appears that
you can be of use to us. I am taking my fiance back, though."

'You want me to join your little club?' I mentally asked him, my
body still searching for that quickly approaching (and yet somehow
far away) orgasm.

"No. Our... uh, 'training,' requires you to be male. You would not
survive the procedure," in informed me. "But, like I said, you may be
of use to us."

'What would I have to do?' I wondered, more to myself than to him.
But he picked it up all the same.

"I can't tell you, yet. I will tell you that it's something that
isn't easy for us to do. To be fair, I will say that it's dangerous,
and the outcome for you might not be pleasant. And, you'd have to
agree not to take any more permanent slaves... at least, for now.
Help us out, and we'll... negotiate." He stood there, looking right
into my eyes, waiting for an answer.

'Amazing... most guys would be staring somewhere else...'

"Well, I am on the job, and I'm spoken for," he replied to my
thought. "And, I need a decision."

'If I refuse?'

"I guarantee a not-so-pleasant outcome if you refuse--you'd be
alive, but not much more than that. You know your choices--you can
have all the time you want to decide, but to speed this along, I
think I should inform you that you won't cum until you choose." After
telling me that, he walked out of the room.

Maybe it was because of my excited state, but my brain weighed the
choices a million different ways in the same time it took me to
stroke my clitty four or five times. Siding with danger over
oblivion, I instantly came harder than I had in a week--and my scream
summoned him to my room. He was smiling, as if he already knew my
decision.

"Good, your choice is made. We'll be in touch. Have some fun." He
turned to leave, and I weakly got up and followed him and the two
other men to my door. The last one out the door looked at me, smiled,
and blew me a kiss. I felt it hit my forehead, and everything went
dark.

I woke up half an hour later to Lynda lapping at my cunt. 'At least
they left me a nicer wake-up call this time,' I thought as her tongue
explored my depths. Lazily basking in the pleasure of her tongue, I
did a mental scan of my house--it was just Dana, Lynda, Julie, and
myself. Lynda, somehow sensing my somewhat tense mood, redoubled her
efforts and I sank back into a pinkish cloud of sexual bliss.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"You know, I could bust you for disobeying the order to stay off
this case. Lucky for you, this operation went smoothly--and, I
assume, successfully?"

The recently re-engaged man smiled at his supervisor and said, "Yes,
Sir. She agreed of her own free will--I gave her a choice and she
decided to cooperate."

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.