Debbie's Journey 01 - Metamorphosis
by aone360

Debbie has some revelations.

Debbie is my ex wife. This story is the beginning of our journey toward public exhibitionism. All of the stories are based on actual events, some will be very close to reality and others will veer off into my fantasies of what might have happened if things went only slightly differently.

When I first saw Debbie I was 16 and she was 15. I thought she was the most beautiful and sexy girl I'd ever seen. She had long brown hair, hazel eyes and dark tanned skin. She was wearing a short dark colored shimmery jacket and cutoff shorts that revealed the sexiest legs that anyone could ever imagine. Eventually we started dating and she grew into an even more beautiful woman. We ended up getting married when I was 20 and she was 19.

As time went on, I began to coax - or maybe nag is a better word - her to dress sexier when we went out. I also bugged her to let me take naked pictures of her. She did let me take pictures a few times, but she was very reluctant and really didn't seem to enjoy it.

One day, really out of the blue, she said "I guess it's OK if you take some pictures, just this one time". I was very thankful and excited as I got out my Polaroid camera and she stripped off her clothes.

Her hair had gotten quite long, and she had colored it a very light blonde. Her fingers and toes were painted ruby red and she had put on some extra makeup with light blue eye shadow and mascara. She asked what I wanted her to do, so I had her sit on the side of the bed and stretch her arms over her head, point her toes and smile.

She looked amazing, and I told her she could easily be in Playboy - and I meant it because to me, she was the sexiest woman on the planet. I snapped a perfect picture and had her do more poses; laying on her back on the bed, standing up, laying on the bed face down, her knees bent and her toes pointing at the ceiling.

One of the things I had never seen Debbie do was masturbate. I don't really know why, maybe she was embarrassed about it but it never really came up.

She was laying on the bed finishing a pose, and I said "Why don't you pretend to do yourself?"

Without hesitation she put her hand between her legs and started moving it in circles. I was quite surprised that she just jumped in and started so easily.

I began to egg her on, "Oh man that is so hot, so sexy. Keep doing it I'll keep taking pictures!"

"Damn you could be so good in porn, I cant believe how sexy you are!"

I asked her to play with her nipples and she quickly obliged, lurching a little when her fingers made contact with her now stiff, sensitive nipples. She began to make noises in her throat, no longer acting for the camera. She pulled her knees up and became very vocal, moaning and groaning and obviously came with her body shuddering in waves that seemed to last forever. Then she relaxed, her breasts heaving up and down due to her post orgasmic deep breathing.

She looked over at me and smirked, then stuck her tongue out and said "You're a jerk you know that? I didn't even really want to do this and now look!"

I barely even laughed I was so stunned at what I had just seen, which was so unusual for her. I had stayed dressed the whole time, and before I knew it she had my jeans pulled down and my aching cock in her mouth. Before I even knew what was really happening I came hard and sprayed hot cum all over her face and chest.

I didn't know what to say, but finally thanked her probably a dozen times and told her how incredibly sexy she was and this was so much more than I ever imagined it would be.

She said "Really, it's OK. I actually liked it a lot," which I didn't expect either!

"Maybe I should have given in to your nagging sooner, that was one of the best orgasms I can remember."

We took a shower together, and talked a little. She again said how much fun it was and how we could do it again some time and that she would reconsider some of my other stupid requests like wearing sexier outfits and going braless in public more often.

I felt like the experience changed her, and wondered what surprises the future would hold now that she seemed to feel more confidant and empowered when it came to showing off her sexuality. I soon found out how real those changes were.

Soon after that, she was going braless when we went out and wearing very short shorts and other outfits that I found very arousing.

I would always point out when men were looking at her, and when they did, I felt a sense of pride. She didn't say much, but I know she was keeping track and becoming more at ease and confident each time.

A few times when we were shopping I got her to buy some sexier items, and one was a white cotton shirt that laced up the front. It was cropped and showed her belly button at the bottom, and if laced carefully clearly showed the sides and bottoms of her breasts. It was opaque, but without a bra her nipples were clearly printed through the cotton fabric.

We were headed for the mall when she decided to wear it with her Levi jeans that looked fantastic on her ass. She got dressed and spun around for me, the inside third and bottom of each breast clearly visible through the laces, along with the skin of her belly and her navel at the bottom. Although there was no visible color change over her nipples, they were poking the fabric leaving nothing to the imagination. It was an amazing outfit, not anything I had ever seen someone wear in public. It didn't really show anything more than what you might see at the beach, but the mall would be quite another story. I was instantly aroused, and excited about our trip.

As soon as we entered the mall corridors the guys were looking. Older men trying to be polite, younger men smiling appreciatively and teenage boys staring and elbowing their friends. Surprisingly enough, we didn't get any dirty looks from anyone, but some women did scowl at their men.

I started my usual pointing out of her admirers, but she soon told me to shut up she can see for herself. We pretty much gave up on shopping and just walked around, pretending as best we could that it was all quite normal.

We began to notice a small group of teenage boys following us around and not concealing their interest very well. We stopped outside of a boutique to look in the window and they lingered nearby.

Debbie said "See if those boys follow me," and went in the store while I watched through the window.

Sure enough, they went in and were watching her from behind some displays. She looked at me through the window and I nodded, letting her know they were there. There were other people in the store including a guy waiting for his girlfriend to get finished with whatever she was doing. I noticed that he had casually positioned himself so he could see Debbie, but she didn't seem to notice because she was keeping her eye on the boys.

Debbie walked over to a double height rack of shirts parallel to the boys outpost, and stretched up high to get one off a hanger, fully exposing her breasts! The boys had an obvious reaction and she grinned at them as she pulled her shirt back down - but the bored boyfriend obviously got a clear view too, which startled her since she hadn't noticed him till just then.

She reached up and put back the shirt she had taken down, this time not exposing quite so much, and pulled her shirt back down and began to wander back to me.

As soon as she got to me, she kept walking and said "We need to get out of here!" with a laugh.

We walked briskly back to the car, and as we began to cross the parking lot she was somewhat out of breath and said "Wow, that was intense. I cant believe what just happened! Oh my god."

We got in the car and she kissed me hard and said "Wow, that was unbelievable. These things always surprise me so much."

I said "I think it's amazing that you get away with it so easily. I always think people will react negatively or even call the cops, but they really don't. Everybody seems to accept it."

She said "Well yeah, but that is a relief more than anything. I seem to lose some of my control which I'm not sure is a good thing."

She kissed me again and I put the car in reverse and backed out of the parking spot and began to head home. As soon as we were under way, she reclined her seat, unsnapped her jeans and plunged her hand down and started masturbating and fondling her tits. She barely paid any attention to me and climaxed in just a few seconds.

"Jesus..." she said and looked at me and laughed. "WTF is wrong with me?"

We talked about the experience the rest of the way home, and when we got there she laid on the couch and fell asleep, leaving me to fend for myself. I went in the bedroom and relieved myself, replaying the days events in my head and really only then realizing what had really happened. Yes, Debbie had truly gone through a change. She was learning that she had powers over people - mostly men - that other women shared, but were not confident enough to wield. And she was learning that she could get away with it. The future was looking more interesting all the time.
