My name is Hareem. This is the first time I am writing a story. The event described is true and is first of a whole series. I hope you enjoy it. I live in Lahore and belong to a nice family. I was upset. My pubes were grown too long and I had no hair removing cream to remove them.

Suddenly I thought of using my brother's razor. Amir was two years my senior, he was 20, and we shared a common bathroom. We each had a door from our room into the bath. I went outside and made sure that he was not home.

Relaxed I went to the bathroom and opened his cabinet. His Gillette razor was lying next to his shaving foam. After taking off my clothes I inspected my pubes. hey were thick and black and covered my virgin pussy like a blanket. I am a beautiful girl.

I have 34B sized breasts, slender waist and round buttocks. In our religion, girls are not supposed to play with their pussies, but I was finding it hard not to touch the small bud at the top of my pink pussy.

I hadn't played with myself and did not know to do any further so I picked up the razor and carefully began to remove my hair. I was so absorbed in it that I did not hear my brother come inside. "What are you doing with my razor, you idiot?"

"Nothing." That was all I could say. I was so stunned that I could not find an answer. Amir lost all his anger when he saw my beautiful tits and my spread semi hairless pussy. When I realized my nudity, I quickly reached for the towel and covered it.

"Don't." That was all he could say. "Get out or I will tell Mom." "What are you going to tell her that you are using my razor for cleaning your pubes?" "Please.. I am your sister and you are not supposed to see me naked."

"Okay, but on one condition." "What is that?" "You will tell me all about yourself and hear from me about myself, like you being my girl friend." "Okay. But go away know or some one might come looking for us."

"See you in the evening." And Amir went outside with a large bulge in his pants. I could not concentrate all day long. Even the swimming gala could not cheer me up. Every time I thought about what had happened would sent a shiver through my body.

Being seen naked by someone for the first time and that person being my brother was both exiting and repulsive. I did not know what to do. On one hand I wanted to show my body to him and also get a chance of seeing him naked,

but I was afraid that it may lead to other things which I was not prepared to experiment before getting married. At dinner table I saw that Amir was also tense. Our father noticed. "Amir. Did you and Hareem had a quarrel today?"

"No," said amir. "Then why are you both not talking to each other?" He turned to me and asked me the same question. "Oh daddy I am tired after the swimming gala and nothing else." "Ok, its Sunday tomorrow, and you both can sleep without the trouble of going to school."

They said good night and went to their room. After nearly one hour I heard a knock at my bathroom door. With trembling hands I opened it. Amir was standing in his sleeping suite. "Can I come in?"

"Sure," was all that I could say. Amir switched off my lights except those on the bedside table. "What are you doing?" I said. "Every one should get the impression that we are asleep, that's what I am doing." We sat on our bed staring at each other.

"What do you want to know?" "Look Hareem, I am your brother and I will do nothing of the sort that you do not like. So please relax and don't be afraid." He saw me relaxing for the first time. "You look beautiful in your nightdress," he said.

"Thank you, you also look beautiful especially when you are naked. "Please don't talk about it know," I cut him short. "Okay. But can I ask some private questions." I nodded. "What is the size of your boobs?"

"34B" was my reply. "And the color of your nipples?" "You saw them today so why ask?" I was getting bolder now as I saw that it was just boy's talk. "Well, you quickly covered yourself so I just had a glimpse." Light brown," I said with a small laugh.

"Are you wearing a bra know." "No. I do not wear one when I go to bed." "Can I feel them." "Certainly not, that is out of question." While talking I had a strange feeling there and I knew that I was wet.

My nipples were aching and I thanked God that the main lights were off and Amir cannot see them through my nearly transparent cotton qameez (shirt in English). "Please," my brother muttered.

"Okay. I will show you one of my boob but then you have to answer my questions also and promise me that you will not take advantage of me." "I promise." I slowly raised her qameez and took out her left tit. It was amir first time seeing a tit so closely.

He had previously seen our mothers when she was nursing our baby brother. But this was something new. "Is it beautiful?" I asked in a teasing voice. "Yes," was all he could say in a deep voice. "Please. Let me touch them," he pleaded.

"Okay. But just touch it." He extended his hand and touched it. It was so soft. He touched the hard nipple. I gave a small moan. "Does it hurt when I touch it?" "No. Please keep on doing it, it feels wonderful." He took hold of my shirt and in one clean sweep he threw it off my head.

There I was naked from above. "You promised you won't do anything," I said, trembling with desire. "I just want to see them both. I am sorry." "Doesn't matter know any way, and no it all right. I want you to see them."

He brought his mouth closer to them and took the left nipple in his mouth. I jerked and thrust my boob into his hungry mouth. "Oh it feels so good. Please suck them as Atif (our baby brother) sucks Mom." He started with great enthusiasm.

First on the left and then on the right until he felt my body tense and with a slight moan I relaxed. It was my first orgasm of my life and I thought that I had peed in my shalwar (pants in English). Amir realized what had happened. "Did you come?"

"What is that?" I asked in a lower voice. "It means, dummy, that you had an orgasm." I looked down at my shalwar and amir could see a large wet patch. "I thought I peed." "No, you certainly had an orgasm. Did you enjoy it?"

"Yes," I said shyly. "I want to see your pussy." He put a hand on my shalwar-covered thighs. I said nothing. Growing bolder I lowered my shalwar slowly until I was completely naked. My glistering shaved pussy, wet from my come, was in front of him.

He touched me there. "No please," I pleaded, "I am not ready for it." With a sigh he removed his hand. "Okay, but promise me that you will show it to me." Alright, and with that I put on my shalwar again. When I reached for my shirt he stopped me.

"I want you like this don't wear your shirt, you look beautiful." I was reluctant but agreed. "OK now you will answer my questions." "Go ahead feel free to ask any thing." "Are you circumsised?"

"Sure dummy, it is in our religion." "What is your size?" "What size?" "You know it what I am talking about" I said. He laughed. "Well I have nearly 7 inches of cock. Do you like to see it?" "Yes," I replied shyly. Amir lowered his pajamas and pulled out his virgin erect cock.

I was stunned at the size of it. I had heard other girls talking about it but haven't seen one before. It looked beautiful and I wanted to touch it but I wanted my brother to ask me. "Well, do you like it." "I don't know." "Haven't you seen a cock before?"

"Do you think I am a whore?" "No. I thought, OK forget about it, will you touch it?" I slowly put my hand on his penis. It was so hot and silky. My small hand was trembling as I felt the length of it. Amir was in paradise. He was also a virgin.

Before today nobody has touched his cock. He was finding it hard to control his passion. He knew that a few more strokes and he would be coming. I was inspecting my brother's cock very minutely.

"These are your balls" aren't they, I pointed to the hairy sack hanging below his cock. "Yes they are. Look Hareem, why don't you keep on rubbing my cock." "What will happen if I do so?" "I will come like you did." I started rubbing vigorously to please my brother.

Amir felt his cock grew and started feeling the sensation building. After few strokes he knew he was ready. "Please faster, I am going to come." I intensified my efforts. Suddenly a load of hot semen erupted from the tip of my brother's cock and landed on my chest.

I didn't know what to do but just kept on pumping. At least Amir sighed and his cook stopped erupting. "Thank you," he said and kissed me on cheeks. "What am I going to do with all this mess on my chest?"

He looked down and saw that his cum was all on my chest and beautiful breasts. He had an idea. He lowered his mouth and took my cum covered nipple in his mouth. I was astonished and at the same time getting aroused again.

Amir looked into my eyes and read the message. "Will you like to taste my cum?" I nodded in affirmative. He took some of his come on his finger and brought it to my mouth. I eagerly opened my mouth and took it and sucked it clean. "You want more," he asked.

"Yes," I said. "Then why don't you taste it on my cock?" "You mean I take your cock in my mouth, isn't it dirty to do such a thing?" "No, nothing is dirty in love. Come take it." I looked down at his semi erect penis and back at him.

"Come on, try it for once." Reluctantly I opened my mouth and took the head of his cock in my mouth and instantly felt the remaining of cum on his tip. He thrust and half of his now throbbing cock was in my mouth. "Suck it like a lollipop."

I did so and found it was fun. I could feel his cock increasing in size in my mouth. But then I pulled back. "Look isn't it to much for one day, it is my first experience and I want to go slow." Amir was desperate but he wanted to please his kid sister.

"OK but promise me that we shall do this again." I smiled. "Look, I also liked it but think about one thing and that is I am your sister." "Nobody will know about it I promise you," Amir replied. "It is not about anybody knowing. It is not right both in our religion and in law."

"Look I liked it and so did you so there is nothing bad about it. I want to see you naked, completely, and make love to you." "Hey! aren't you going too fast?" I said. But more came later on which I will tell you guys later.











