A Great Weekend for Football
byM.R. Alicante©

One day last September I told Susie I wanted to go over to Joe's house and watch some football with him and my other friend Bub. Susie said, "You know, I haven't seen Bub and Joe since the wedding. Why don't you invite the guys to come hang out over here some Saturday?"

"Are you sure, Suze? I mean--we can get pretty loud, especially after a couple of beers."

"Aw, come on. Why would that bother me? I grew up with three older brothers, remember? I miss hanging out with a bunch of rowdy guys once in a while. Besides--we almost live out in the country. It's not like we have neighbors five feet away."

"They might want to crash overnight and watch the Saints game on Sunday."

"So? We've got room. Just tell them to bring sleeping bags."

After lunch that next Saturday, Bub and Joe walked through the front door carrying their gear.

Susie came out of the back room and greeted them both with big hugs. We all sat down in the den and immediately began talking sports. Susie regaled us with tales of her days as a starter on the college basketball team. 

"Just goes to show you," I said. "Susie's got to be the most competitive person I know. She hates to lose--"

"Hey, Susie," Joe interrupted, "Want to come out and shoot some hoops with us?"

"Damn right I do!"

We trooped out the back door to the side of the garage where I'd hung a net, and started a little two-on-two: Suze and me vs. Bub and Joe. 

As usual, Susie really got into the game. She was wearing her usual around-the-house outfit--cutoffs and a tank top--and the more sweaty she got, the more she showed her nipples.

I missed several lay-ups and before long we were pretty far behind. Which really pissed her off. She really lost her cool when she went up for a rebound against Bub--and lost. His elbow caught in her top and popped one of her boobs completely out, but she went after the ball and had to let it stay out until Bub succeeded in sinking the basket.

She stepped aside and covered up, but the top was really stretched out of shape. I whispered to her, "Susie, don't you want to do something about your top?"

She gave me a nasty glare. "Don't you want to do something about your crappy shooting?" I got the message and kept quiet even though her boobs kept popping out for the rest of the game. 

Suze and I managed a comeback and ended up losing by only a couple of baskets. "That was great, guys," she said as she bent over to get a drink out of the hose and spilled completely out of her top. Again. 

"Reminds me of playing ball with my three brothers. I used to beat them a lot, you know."

Joe and Bub just stared at her chest. 

"Um, it's getting kinda warm out here," she laughed as she tucked herself back in. "Look, guys, I need to go run errands for two or three hours. So just get back to your male bonding and when I get back we'll fire up the grill."

Susie and I walked back into the house. "Sorry about the guys staring at you."

"They seem pretty harmless."

"I guess so, but maybe you shouldn't wear such skimpy outfits around them."

"Look, Randy. You've never told me what to wear before and I don't want you starting now!"

"But I don't appreciate them staring at you!"

"They're your best friends! What are you so worried about? And maybe I don't mind, Randy--did you ever think maybe I like getting a little attention for a change?" She shouldered me aside and turned towards our room.

After she left we threw a football around but it was so hot that didn't last long. Joe headed over to the hose and turned on the faucet. He pulled off his shirt and hosed himself down. Without saying a word he yanked off his shorts and boxers and ran the hose over his stomach and dick.

"What the hell are you doing, Joe?"

"C?mon, Randy, why not? Susie's gone, right?"

Bub stripped off his shorts and said, "Yeah, Randy. What's the harm?" He grabbed the hose away from Joe and squirted me right in the chest.

What the hell. With a yell I pulled off my clothes and dove for the hose. 

We held a little garden hose free-for-all until we ran out of steam and crashed on the lawn chairs over in the shade. 

After a while Bub stood up and said, "I'll go grab us some brews," and headed for the back door. Ten seconds later we heard an earsplitting male "Gaaa!" 

Crap. Susie's home. 

I jumped up and ran for the house. Just as I reached the back door it sprang open and Bub barreled into me. I fell backwards and everything went black.

When I opened my eyes Susie was kneeling over me and my two friends were standing on either side of her. Their dicks were maybe three inches from her face. Bub reached down to help me up and his prick brushed across her cheek.

"Sorry about this, Susie," I mumbled. "We just got real hot and--"

"Hey! Three brothers, remember? No big deal." They helped me up. "Come on in the kitchen and give me a hand with the food." 

I wobbled through the door behind her and into the kitchen. "You're not upset?"

She reached up to kiss me. "Nah. It's kinda cute--you and your guy buddies wagging your thangs all over the place." She gave my prick a tug. 

I looked at her in surprise. "You're a little turned on, aren't you?"

"Are you kid--well, OK--maybe a little. Now shut up and take this stuff outside. I'll be out there in a sec."

"Do you want us to put our shorts back on?"

"It's a little late for that, don't you think?" 

I shrugged and took the tray of beer and snacks outside. 

The guys looked at me. 

"She's OK with everything--she says it's no big deal."

Joe thought for a minute "Hey. Maybe she likes the change of--scenery, know what I mean?"

"Will you shut the fuck up? She's cool about it all but she's still my wife. Got it?"

We sat back on the lawn chairs, appreciating the shade and the breeze and the beer. A while later Susie yelled through the door, "Better fire up the grill, guys!"

We ended up having a great time. Susie loved being the center of attention, sitting fully clothed in shorts and T-shirt, reclining in her lawn chair, attended by three nude men. And the guys loved standing or sitting next to her, arguing sports trivia with her while she cast increasingly obvious glances at their cocks. After her third or fourth beer she was openly staring at our crotches.

Eventually we all headed inside to catch the LSU game on the tube. I showed the guys the extra bathroom and Susie got them some towels. 

Suze and I went to our room and I stepped into the shower.

As I toweled off I saw Susie open her nightie drawer. "So Suze, what are you going to wear?"

"Why--are you afraid I'll walk out there naked?"

"No--I mean yes--uh--are you?"

Susie laughed and slipped on a pair of tiny white cotton panties and a loose-fitting low cut sleeveless top she liked to wear to bed in hot weather. The bottom of the shirt covered her crotch with only a couple of inches to spare and her nipples poked plainly through the flimsy material. Watching her sit down or bend over was going to be interesting. 

We walked back out into the den. Bub was sitting on the couch with the remote, looking for the game on TV. I sat down in our big stuffed chair and Susie sat on my lap.

Suddenly Joe yelled through the door, "Hey, Susie, where's the blender?"

"In the cabinet next to the fridge. Why?"

"Nothing--I'll be right out."

A few minutes later he reappeared with four frozen margaritas--complete with salted rims. "These are pretty strong, guys. Hope you like them that way." Oh, boy. 

By the end of the first quarter we'd had our second round of 'ritas. Susie was buzzed and had started sneaking her hand down to my crotch when the guys weren't looking. I could feel her panties getting damp, and that was giving me a serious erection.

Towards the end of the third quarter, as we were finishing up another blender, the Bulldog QB threw a beautiful bullet right down the middle when suddenly our guy jumped up, pulled down an interception, and headed down the flat! All three of us guys were on our feet jumping and hollering, our dicks bobbing around hilariously.

Susie was also jumping and screaming, her boobs bouncing under her shirt. And every time she jumped, that top flew up all the way to her waist, bringing her little cotton panties into full view. Bub grabbed her in a big bear hug and jumped with her, but when he landed his dick flew up and poked her in the crotch. Both their eyes opened wide but she gave him a quick kiss and he let her go.

Finally we all calmed down. Susie came back over to my chair and sat on my lap. Her panties were soaked. She pushed her hand between us and wrapped her fingers around my dick, and whispered in my ear, "Have you ever seen a prick as big as Joe's?"

"Susie, shhh. You're drunk!"

She stroked my shaft. "And Bub's looked so cute when he was jumping around--"

"Susie, you're starting to piss me off!"

"I mean--I like yours better but--"

I looked to my left. My friends were watching everything.

I stood us both up. "Guys, it's been cool but Suze and I are heading for bed. Help yourselves to whatever you need--we're out of here."

I grabbed Susie's shoulders and marched her towards our room. "'Night, guys," she said over her shoulder.

I'd barely closed the bedroom door when Susie pushed me backwards against the wall, knelt down, and shoved my cock in her mouth. "Randy, I'm so horny from looking at their dicks all day--" 

"Susie, I'm telling you--"

She looked up at me as she slid her lips halfway down my shaft and tickled my tip with her tongue. 

"--You're really pissing me off--" I grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her up to stand. Spinning her around I shoved her knees up against the footboard of our bed and forced my legs between her thighs to spread them apart. 

"Randy, what are you--" 

With one hand I pushed her head down on our bed and with the other I ripped off those flimsy little panties. I shoved my prick into her cunt as hard as I could. 

"My God, Randy, that feels--oh--you're in so deep--" 

I pulled all the way out, then shoved back in. She pushed her pelvis up and opened her dripping labia to meet my prick. The next time I did that, even her anus gaped wide open. 

I stuck a finger in her pussy, then took it out and slid it into her ass while I pushed my prick back into her cunt as hard as I could. 

"Oh, God, Randy. What are you doing to me?" I pulled my finger out but she thrust her ass up higher. This time I put two fingers in. "Randy I'm coming--" she moaned.

I struggled to keep my dick and fingers inside her as her pelvis bucked up and down. When I felt her vagina and anus squeeze and twitch against me, I groaned and pumped my load deep into her.

I fell forward on top of her and we lay like that until we had both gotten our breath. I pulled out of her and we collapsed for the night in each other's arms.

We woke to the smells of fresh-cooked breakfast. I didn't bother to put on clothes, of course, but Susie slipped on another pair of little white panties under her top. She grinned when she caught me staring and gave my cock a tug. 

"Let's go entertain your pals, big boy."

In the kitchen, Joe and Bub were setting food on the table. 

Bub looked up. "G'morning, lovebirds. So what do you think?" he asked, motioning towards the table full of food. 

Susie's eyes were fixed on his crotch. "I'd say you boys are in fine shape."

Bub blushed. "I meant our breakfast."

"Guys, this is awesome," I said as we sat down to a big breakfast of pancakes, bacon, coffee, and juice. 

I reached over to a nearby drawer and pulled out a deck of cards.

Susie looked at me. "What are you doing with those?"

"We play a quick hand of poker to see who walks out front to pick up the newspaper," Joe answered. Then he grinned and added, "Want to play?"

"You mean the loser walks out to the road naked?"

"Yeah--"

"Look, guys, I never turn down a poker game but no way I'll go outside naked. We do have a little traffic, you know."

Bub broke in. "So you'll play poker with us?"

"I'd consider it--"

"Strip poker?"

"Bub, it obviously can't be strip poker--you guys are already naked."

I broke in. "Guys, what are the odds she'll be the loser? Just let her play and see what happens."

"OK, why not? Just go ahead and deal me in," she said.

At the end of the hand, Bub and I each ended up with a pair. Joe had two pairs. Then Susie turned over her cards. 

Nothing.

She stood up. "OK, guys, I'll be right back."

"Wait--this isn't fair," Joe said. "She should have to take off something."

My turn. "Now wait a minute--"

Bub looked at me, then at Susie. His face turned a little red, "You know, Susie," he said. "Joe's got a point."

"You two are serious, aren't you?" She gave them the strangest look, then she slipped her hands behind her and under the hem of the tank top, eased her panties down her legs, and stepped out of them. 

She started to hand me the panties, but suddenly threw them over to Joe. "Happy now, big guy?" She turned, opened the front door, and walked out towards the road.

All three of us ran over to the doorway to watch. When she got to the newspaper she looked over her shoulder and smiled back at us. Keeping her back perfectly straight, Susie bent her knees and picked up the paper without displaying so much as a peek at her ass.

She walked back towards us. The sunlight made her nipples plainly visible through the flimsy top. 

She threw the paper on the table and put out her hand in Joe's direction. "I'll take those panties back now."

Joe looked down at them wadded up in his fist and grinned. "Sure, Susie. Whatever you say." He tossed them sideways to Bub.

Susie took a step towards Bub. He flushed and flipped the panties over to me. I held them up in front of me, a little above her reach.

"So--you guys want to play?" She jumped up and would have gotten the panties if I hadn't snapped my arm back. Her top flew up and when it flopped back down it bunched on her hips, putting her ass on display.

She made no move to pull the top down. "You know, guys, the only game I didn't like playing with my brothers was keep-away. They'd always make me the butt of the game." 

She narrowed her eyes. "But I'd always think of some way to even the odds." 

Grabbing the hem of her top, she whipped it over her head and threw it at my chest. Slowly she turned so she faced all three of us. 

She put her hands on her hips, spread her legs apart, and planted her feet planted squarely on the floor. Her breasts quivered with every breath and a pink flush slowly spread across her chest. Below her neatly trimmed pubis, her labia and the moistening slit between them were in plain sight. 

No one moved. Susie's nipples were so swollen and my friends' dicks were so hard they probably hurt. At least mine did. 

Susie broke the silence. "I don't want to rush anybody, but as soon as you boys are through staring, why don't we all head outside and get a ball game going?"

"Uh, how about touch football?" Joe asked.

"Works for me." 

As we walked out the back door she asked, "So what are the teams?" 

I suddenly had this picture in my mind of Joe with his hands between my wife's legs saying "Hike!" 

"Uh, how about me and you versus Joe and Bub?"

Susie replied, "Nah, I want somebody who can actually catch."

The guys immediately started in with rude noises. They got louder when she said, "Me and Bub against Joe and Randy, OK?"

Joe said, "Apparently you've played before--" 

"I played with my brothers all the time. Never played naked, though."

Joe and I kicked off. Bub caught the ball and Susie stepped in front of Joe for a block. I heard her go down as I tagged Bub. I turned to see her flat on the ground, legs splayed apart. When Joe extended his hand to help her up, he blatantly stared at her pussy but she didn't seem to care much--she actually laughed as he hoisted her up.

Bub hiked the ball to her on first down and headed deep, but I batted down Susie's pass. On second down Susie threw the ball high and Bub couldn't hold on to it. 

Third down. I could tell Susie was getting frustrated. She talked to Bub for quite a while, then she walked up to the scrimmage line and Bub stayed back. I winced and whispered to her when she started to bend over the ball. She rolled her eyes, but moved and bent over the ball from the side. That kept Bub from seeing her pussy, but her tits dangled and swung, which really drove Joe crazy. 

Susie had trouble with the snap in that position and hiked it along the ground. Bub had to fall on it before Joe did.

Now it was fourth down. Susie was pissed. With a frosty glare at me she straddled the ball and bent over. Bub stood behind her open-mouthed. Frozen.

Finally Susie yelled, "I'm gonna hike now, goddammit Bub!" and snapped the ball to Bub. He was still dazed and almost dropped the ball. "Run, dammit!" she yelled as she stood and shoved her shoulder into me. Bub didn't get far, though, before Joe pegged him. 

Our ball. I figured Susie would rush, and sure enough she lined up front and Bub held back. When Joe hiked the ball to me, Susie charged. I pitched a quick one back to Joe. Susie lunged sideways and got one hand on his butt and batted his dick with the other. Joe's eyes got huge. She looked at him with an evil smile. "Gotcha."

A few plays later they got the ball back. Bub handed off to Susie for a run. Joe stepped in front of her and slapped one hand on her ass. His other hand went between her legs. Did he actually get a finger inside her? I couldn't tell, but she turned bright red. He looked at her and said, "Payback!"

And so it went. After an hour or so Joe and I were up two touchdowns to one. It was probably a little after noon, humid as hell, and at least 95 degrees. Bub ran one of Susie's passes in to tie up the game, staggered over into the shade of the oak trees, and collapsed. 

Joe and Susie followed. I lurched into the house to get some beers. 

I came out to find Susie and Bub sprawled on the ground on their backs. Joe was spraying them both with the garden hose. Nobody saw me walk up behind Joe. He aimed for Susie's crotch. When the water hit her she said, "Damn, that feels good!" and spread her legs apart. 

Joe jumped when he realized I was standing next to him. Susie just looked at me and said, "Randy, it's so hot out here I can hardly move. Stare all you guys want--I don't care any more--just give me a damn beer."

I handed her one, then I collapsed on the grass, too. A few minutes later Joe began hosing off his own crotch. 

Susie watched. Suddenly she sat up and said, "Bub--"

"What?" 

"Come on, Bub. Get up."

"Why the hell for?"

"Because we haven't beaten these bastards yet. Let's go."

"They can have the game. I can't move."

"Hell, no! Come on, you guys. Next touchdown wins. How about it?"

I said, "Suze, let's face it. It would take a lot to get us moving again."

"OK--what's a lot?"

"Take a wild guess, Susie," Joe muttered.

There was a long pause. She watched as Joe continued to hose himself off, and whispered, "Blow job."

"What did you say?"

"I said--the winner gets a blow job."

"Suze, honey, what are you doing?"

"I want to beat the hell out of you and Joe! Now come on Bub, get up and let's get going."

She?d gotten our attention. Joe and Bub jumped up and headed out into the yard, Susie ran after them, and I couldn't get her attention so I followed along.

Bub kicked off to us. Joe caught the ball but Susie was on him like a flash. On the next play Joe threw to me but the ball went wide and Bub intercepted. Bub then hiked the ball to Susie and split away to the side. Susie hit him square in the chest and he stepped across the goal line.

Game. Set. Blowjob?

Susie screamed and ran up to Bub. She hugged him, gave him a peck on the lips, and took him by the hand over to the shade. She made him sit down with his back to a tree. He looked up at her and said, "Susie, you really don't need to do this."


"Yes, I do, Bub. Now lean back." She spread his legs apart, knelt between his knees, bent forward, and took his cock between her lips. I stood right behind her, partly so I could see her pussy and partly so Joe couldn't. 

Bub moaned as Susie bobbed up and down on his cock. Joe knelt by their side, leaned in for a close-up view, and began to stroke his own cock. 

I couldn't stand it any more. I knelt down behind her and rammed my dick into her pussy. She sighed and reached around with one hand to grab my ass and pull me in deeper.

Bub cried out, "Susie, I'm going to come." Susie just sucked him faster and deeper until finally he shuddered and groaned, grabbing her head and thrusting his dick deep into her mouth. She sputtered once and let go of me to keep her balance but never moved her lips from his shaft until with a big sigh he eased out from under her and collapsed onto the grass.

I kept plunging my cock in and out of her pussy and reached around with one hand to rub her clit. I could hear her breathing come hard and fast.

Joe slipped between her and the tree after Bub moved away. He reached between her arms and cupped her breasts. She bent her head down and lightly kissed his dick, then eased her lips around and down his shaft.

"Susie that's awesome!" he cried. She responded by sliding her lips back up to his tip and back down as far as she could go.

I still had her cunt firmly impaled on my cock, one hand on her clit, and the other balancing on her hip. 

Joe's breaths came short and fast. He began to twist Susie's nipples with his thumbs and fingertips, triggering first twitches, then spasms of her pussy around my prick and loud groans from both of us.

With one last thrust I came deep inside her and pushed her onto Joe's cock just as he spurted his semen into her open mouth and on her lips and chin. I pulled out of her and with a huge sigh she rolled over and collapsed spreadeagled on the ground. Cum clung to her face and lips and dripped from her wide-open labia.

I lay on my side next to her and wrapped my arms around her. She softly placed my hand on her breast. Wordlessly, Joe and Bub picked up the hose and, wetting their fingers, gently rinsed her face. Joe ran a little stream of water over her cunt and began to massage her pubis. I moved my hand down to her crotch. She spread her legs wider and Joe eased his fingers onto her clit while I used mine to gently open and probe her innermost folds. Bub continued to stroke her face until, breathing in short gasps, she moved his hands onto her breasts. When I pushed my fingers deep into her cunt she moaned out loud, turned, and buried her face in my chest.

Bub and Joe helped Susie to her feet and we all went into the house.

Susie walked unsteadily into our room and we heard the shower run. The guys stood there with me in the den. 

Joe said quietly, "Randy, we all shared something beautiful just now."

"I know."

"Are you mad at us, Randy?" Bub added. "At least don't be upset with her, man."

"I'm not upset with anyone. I just want this to stay private. Between us, OK?"

"You got it, Randy."

"No problem, bro"

Susie came out, wearing a towel tied loosely around her torso.

She wrapped her arms around me. "Please don't be angry with your friends. I guess I wanted to win that damn game so bad--you know how I get--I probably instigated most of it." 

"Don't worry, Suze. I'm not mad at anybody." Susie smiled and reached up to kiss me.

"So, Susie, you don't mind if Randy still hangs out with us guys once in a while?" Bub asked.

She let go of me and turned to face the guys. "Of course not! And you know you're welcome here anytime," staring at their cocks.

I just rolled my eyes. Turning to Joe, I asked, "You guys going to hang around for the Saints game?"

"Nah--we need to get going." They dressed, rounded up their stuff, and left.

Susie hugged me. "Randy, I know this weekend turned out differently than we expected, but I really enjoyed hanging out with you guys."

"Yeah--I wonder why."

"Only because you were there, my love. Don't forget that, OK? Hey, what about you? I seem to recall you getting your rocks off a couple of times," she said, giving my dick a squeeze. "You hungry?" 

"Definitely."

She pulled me by the hand into the kitchen. I sat at the table so I could watch her pussy come into view when she leaned into the fridge. 

Handing me a jar of mayonnaise, she asked, "Want a sandwich?" 

She reached back into the fridge. "Hey, where did this sausage come from?" She studied it for a minute before handing it to me. 

"Any cheese in there?" I asked her.

"Yeah, here it is. Uh--Randy--I've been thinking. So when are you going to invite Joe and Bub over again?"

