Flight Stopover - Tried Nude Beach
by Racqel

I didn't plan for a stopover with my flight between Zurich and New York. They told us that the one engine needed to be repaired. We landed at an airport outside Lisbon, and since we were going to be stranded for a whole day they took us by bus into a sea village close by.

It was humid and hot and my jeans were sticking to me. It was so uncomfortable. I got off the bus at the village and went straight to the shops to see if I could buy a light sundress.

All I found were fish shops, restaurants, take-outs, and souvenir shops. I went into the souvenir shop and asked the lady at the counter where I could buy a dress. She didn't understand English but she did point out to my right and said walk for 10 minutes.

I braved the heat and walked along passed the shops and then onto a road. She must have given me wrong directions I thought. I was about to turn back when I noticed a stall by the beach a few hundred feet in front of me.

I went inside and it was a swimsuit shop. By now I was sweated through and a swim was just what I needed. I was out of luck. Their smallest size was a 12. I was obviously not going to swim today. As I walked out the shop lady called me back and she handed me a size 8 bikini in white. She told me that she found it in the back. It was the only one. I paid with my credit card without trying it on. It seemed cheap anyway and I needed a swim. I bought a towel and then she started to pack it all in a bag for me. She put in a white flimsy t string with the bikini.

"I didn't want to buy that," I said as I pointed at the t-string. 

"It comes free with the purchase of bikini and towel together," she muttered back.

I took the bag and crossed over the road to the beach. I went straight to the change room and I got into the bikini. It was a good fit. The top was a bit of a squeeze though and a lot of cleavage showed.

I didn't know what to do with the t-string. I had it so I decided to try it on and just look at what I looked like in it. I put it on and before I could turn at the mirror 3 Portuguese ladies came into the change room so I quickly put my bikini bottom on top and left for the beach.

The beach was mostly empty except for a few people scattered around. I noticed that some of them were nude. I had never been to a nude beach before so it was quite something to see. They all seemed so natural about it, yet I was feeling uncomfortable.

I went for a swim and when I got back to my towel there was a young couple about my age sitting 30 feet in front of me. They were both nude. I felt overdressed as I looked over at them.

They were lying on their front. I could see their naked butts. They guy had such a sexy butt. I felt a tinge of excitement deep inside me.

I continued to voyeur them. I had no book to read so why not people watch. The guy was well built and toned with great muscles and strong legs. I noticed his balls between his butt. They were big. This was not good for me, as I was getting horny lying there. I felt so overdressed and my hormones got the best of me. After all this is a nudist beach so who is going to notice if I am a bit daring. I never am, so why not take advantage of this opportunity to expand my boundaries just a little.

I pulled my bikini off and lay back down wearing the t-string. I unclasped my swimsuit top and placed it down on my side. I felt so naughty, so naked, so exposed. My white un-tanned breasts were open for all to see. I felt the breeze brush against my stomach and breasts caressing them. 

Wow! It felt so liberating, so good, so natural, and it felt so sexy. I sat up and tugged my shoulders back. I looked at my breasts. They showed a trophy nipple stand. My areolas were dark purplish red against the white surrounding flesh. Little dots encircled my nipples. They too seemed to stand up. I let the sun shine down on my nakedness as I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of the warm sunrays beating on me as my pussy welled up with excitement. I felt alive, hungry, and ravenous for sex. The intense sun got me worried. I did not have sun tan lotion on my tits and they were virgins to the sunlight. I opened my eyes and noticed them getting slightly pink. 

Better turn around I thought.

My butt had a bikini tan, but the t string was like wearing dental floss through ones ass. My butt cheeks were white. Stop getting self-conscious! I said to my inner voice, which always holds me back, stops me from being adventurous and daring. I put my head down on the towel and I let the sun radiate over my back and butt. I opened my legs wide to let more of my body take the sunshine in.

I felt another wave of those horny hormones coursing through my core and travelling up my spine and down again in waves all crashing together at a focal point deep in my vagina. 

I had my head on the side looking towards the young couple nearby. 

She was lying down in the sun with her hand covering her eyes form the sun. Her tits and pubic area were a bit lighter in color. She had her on leg up but I had a straight view to her pussy. Her pubic bone had a light growth of dark brown hair. It looked like she was shaved recently. There were a few brown curls edging down her front lips where the skin was quite a bit darker. Hanging between her labia were the fleshy pinkish folds and clitoris. I quickly turned my gaze away. The girl turned around to face down next to her boyfriend. I didn't want her to see me looking up at her.

The guy turned on his side as did the girl and they faced each other lying down. I could not believe my eyes as she placed her hand on his butt cheek. He did the same to her, but his hand moved between her cheeks and his fingers bent as if touching her. 

She parted her legs to give him better access. I leered on at them. His index finger was gently stroking up and down her pussy while they lay there looking at each other oblivious to me or anyone else. 

This was such a shock to me. I had never seen something like this and I couldn't fathom someone doing something so sexual on a public beach.

This was no good for me. I felt my heart start racing out of control. I was worrying about showing off so much skin and here a few feet away a couple is indulging in a sexual act. 

How do they do this? Why are they not afraid of being seen? I was the only person near them but still; they knew I was there and that I would be able to see all this. Were they just so turned on that they couldn't care less? Or were they putting on a show for me?

My pussy was hot from this. I didn't realize I was a voyeur. I couldn't quite understand why I was so horny with this taking place. Maybe I should get up and move away to give them privacy?

No! I am not doing that. I am sick of being scared of being seen or of others noticing me looking on at them. This is a pubic place and if they choose to do this then they are asking to be watched. I decided to stay on and I would not look away. I will look at them even if it's obvious. 

His finger continued with slow, long strokes up and down her clit, slowly gliding vertically in between her butt cheeks, while his hand just lay there supported by her butt.

They were facing each other as they lay down. This went on for a few minutes, and then her hand reached under his thighs. He shifted his hips to let her hand through as it gripped onto his penis. 

His finger was now twitching quickly. Her clit looked moist. She was struggling to do anything with her hand. 

She said something to him and he turned around. She too turned around and glanced over at me. Our eyes connected. She smiled at me, with full knowledge that I was watching them.

I felt so uncomfortable lying down and my butt was starting to feel sunburn. I too turned over. 

They didn't do anything more but sat next to each other talking loudly in Portuguese. 

The girl stood up took some suntan lotion and was lathering it all over her breasts with it. They now had sheen to them. Shit! She saw me looking at her. She now started walking towards me. She stood still next to my towel and then bent down to say something to me.

"You looking like sun burning your white skin" she said as she pointed at my chest.

"You use my cream," she offered handing it into my hands.

"Thank you! I do need it. It's so hot in the sun," I said smiling at her.

I opened the lid and squirted some lotion into my palm and then I rubbed it in on my stomach. I didn't feel right rubbing it into my boobs with her right under my nose.

"You better put on tits, else very sore tonight" she said.

As I squirted some lotion in my hands, she swiped her fingers into the white pool in my palm.

"I help you," she said as she took the cream.

She rubbed it in between her palms and then she started to massage the cream lightly over my breasts. 

My nipples once again went damn hard as her palm brushed over them.

She took more lotion and rubbed it all over my breasts and chest, and then she stood up again, and simply walked away.

Secretly I wished the sensations stirred by her innocent touches would continue. They went deeper than just my outer skin and ripple-by-ripple my body was tense and sexually at wits end.

She took the cream and squeezed a whole lot out and started to massage her boyfriend's penis. Up and down she pulled at it rubbing the white cream all over. He started to go hard and she accelerated her jolting movements. This was no mistake. She was masturbating him right here on the beach right in front of me.

He now put his hand across her crotch and was also touching her with intensity. I so much wanted to join in this act of unashamed sexual exhibition. 

Could I? 

Should I?

How could I?

This is not I! I don't do these types of things.

I am not even naked and this is a nudist beach. At least I should enjoy the stage created by these too, and while they set new rules and naturally, without fear or care, act them, I should enjoy the opportunity and blend in to the show and have a go.

My racing hormones were throughout my body. I lifted up my butt and I did it. I slid the t string off my waist and I rolled it off my hips, down my thighs and legs and kicked it onto the sand, to reveal my pussy.

It was smooth from a Brazilian wax. The folds clearly stuck out. It was more than moist, even soaking inside. My clit took centre stage swollen from sexual excitement. It ran the length of my pussy, enlarged, fleshy and highly stimulated, sticking out to the world, as a beacon of my newly found confidence.

Yes. I turned around to face the couple. Let them notice my pussy. I hoped they would look. They were still wanking each other off. Their bodies sweated out and I could hear audible guttural groans from her. 

Would they fuck right here? 

As if they could read my mind. She turned onto her knees and he went behind her and pushed his 9-inch hard cock into her. Nobody else on the beach even took notice of this, but then there were not many around. The closest was an older lady about a hundred yards away.

He pumped her up and down. Her moan quivered to the pace. Every thrust sent jolts of excitement up my pussy to my breasts. I felt like I was about to overheat and the emergency alarms would go off. I had to have some tension release else I would blow up.

As they continued pounding into each other, they seemed to move around and were both facing me.

To hell with it! I took my hand and I rubbed at my clit madly. I lifted up one knee high into the sky and the followed with the other. I parted them and I thrust my hand up and down my wetness. 

As they watched me, it only made me more excited. I rubbed harder. I lifted up my butt and hips into an arch as my head lay on the ground. It was amazing to do this in the light of the hot sun, with its rays caressing my whole body from head to toe.

With my right hand I rubbed my nipples and with my left hand I pushed three fingers deep into my wetness. I thrust my hips up and down emerging my fingers deeper into my pussy each time, rubbing against my pussy walls, scraping and nudging against all my little nerve ending points inside.

Whew! Finally I started feeling a lot better. A major orgasm ripped through me like a volcano. I let out a shrilling long moan. I came, ejaculating some fluid. My pussy had opened up and everything just ran out. I had only ever read about this happening to women, but it felt great to feel the downpour and then feel it run down my leg and coat my inner thigh. 

I just lay down feet stretched outwards and rested. My body felt numb and tired. It had been worked hard.

The couple must have cum at the same time. When I got up they were lying down embracing each other.

I realized that I needed to get back to the airport. I stood up and put on the t string. I left the bikini off. I wanted to tread new ground. I would walk to the end of the beach showing off my breasts and butt. As I walked past the couple they both gave me a smile, which without words told me they enjoyed my act too. 
