Brian POV

”Tom, do you think we can use one of the other bedrooms while you work on the master suite? I don’t want to stay at the loft where everybody and his grandmother can catch us; I really don’t want Michael to know that Justin’s home until we’re ready to talk to him.”

I was hoping to get a positive response because the thought of seeing Michael before I was ready and before Justin had calmed down a little was not pretty.

“Sure, but you have to get a bed in there or sleep on the floor.”

Justin looked at me and I could see that he was a little worried.

“What are you worried about, Sunshine?”

“Does the kitchen work? I really don’t want to live off take-out for a whole month.”

“Yes, the kitchen works, but it’s going to be remodeled, as you know, but I can get them to do that first; that way, most of the work will be done while you guys are in Toronto. How does that sound?”

Justin looked relieved and I was grateful to Tom. I don’t want Justin to worry too much.

“I want the studio to be one of the highest priorities; I want Justin to have a place to work when we comes back.”

He gave me one of his brilliant smiles and I felt my heart melt and my cock harden.

“Sure thing; and I’ll have them work on the master suite at the same time, that way, it might be done when you get back, too.”

I nodded my thanks and then we got up to leave.

“When are you leaving for Toronto?”

Nick sounded like he would like nothing better than to be a fly on the wall when we talked to Lindsay.

“Tomorrow if we can get a flight, but late in the day; we have to move the loft bed and a few other essentials out to the house first.”

Both Tom and Nick nodded and followed us out before going back in. Nick back to the kitchen and Tom back to the table to work for a while before they went home together.

Justin POV

I don’t think I’ve ever been more disappointed by another person than I am with Lindsay; not even my dad. Why is it that she doesn’t want Brian and me to be happy? What have we ever done to her to warrant that kind of disregard? I know I’ll drive myself crazy with all these questions I’ll probably never get answers to, but I’m damn well going to try once we get to Toronto.

On the drive from the restaurant, Brian calls moving companies he found in the yellow pages. He’s gotten a new phone with internet on it; very clever. He convinces one of them to come to the loft tomorrow very early to move our things out to the house. He actually let me drive the ‘Vette so that he could do this.

When we arrive at Daphne’s, she has already packed the few things I had managed to unpack, so the only thing we need to do is pack a suitcase for me to take to Toronto and get all my toiletries.

I thank Daphne so many times that she practically pushes us out the door in the end and we make our way to Fuller and start packing up all the things we want to bring to Britin.

“We should think about getting a sign for the house, something discreet for the wall next to the door.”

Brian looks at me with a confused expression.

“With the name on it; you know, Britin.”

I can’t help the chuckle that escapes me; I know that he’s not too thrilled with the name, but that it somehow stuck. He sticks his tongue out at me and I chuckle again.

Once we are all packed, we go online to try and find a flight and a hotel in Toronto; we have no illusions of getting an invitation to stay with the munchers (damn, I’ve spent so much time with Brian that I’ve started using his expressions). We are actually quite sure that they’d happily run us out of town once we are done with them.

The thing is, though, we intend to spend as much time with Gus as we can when we are there, and the girls are not going to stop us, not unless they want a very unhappy boy on their hands; Gus loves spending time with us and we’d have no problem pointing fingers if they refuse to let us see him. We are done playing nice with them when they can disregard our feelings like they have, or at least like Lindsay has. I have no idea how much Mel has had to say about what’s been going on.

I find a flight leaving tomorrow at 3 pm; that should give us enough time to move our things to the house, give a key to Tom, and get to the airport. Hopefully, without anybody finding out I’m back in town.

We get ready for bed and that’s when it hits me, really hits me; Brian still wants me, he hasn’t found somebody else and we are about to fuck for the first time of many.

I think that last part occurs to Brian at the same time as it did me because his head snaps up and he gets this very hungry look on his face; it’s a look I’ve seen before and one I intend to see for the rest of my life.

We move to each other and all but fall sideways onto the bed. We claw our own and the other’s clothes off as fast as humanly possible, and then, he is in me, and god, I can’t believe I lived for so long without this feeling, without this fullness and this sense of belonging.

We both cum much faster than we usually do, but that’s really not a surprise to either of us. We lie panting, covered in cum and sweat, and we are both smiling like fools. I’m sure Brian would disagree with that assessment, but that’s what it looks and feels like, and I couldn’t care less; I don’t think I’ve ever been this happy before.