The thought - part 1 (the initial infection)

The trip had taken millennium and still even after crashing into this blue planet, the Thought was unsure if it could succeed in its mission and prepare a place for breeding and conquest. It needed more than food, although the avian form it had just consumed was an improvement on the other species it had eaten since it arrival 4 sun-ups ago. It needed to connect with the higher species in order to control its environment.

Julie hated having to get the eggs in the morning. Those birds were evil as far as she was concerned. Why did she have to be born into this backward poor family? It wasn't fair that someone as cute as she was would have to live on this white trash farm with her tired out Mama and lazy younger brother. One more year of high school and she was out looking for a job as a model or something.

Sheet, thought Julie as she entered the small hen house, old Bessie the only reliable broiler they had was dead. You could just see it from its eyes, not life in it at all. There would be no eggs this morning.

Julie lifted bird distastefully by its legs. It was then that she noticed a silvery gooey substance drip from the animal onto her jeans. That damned diseased bird is still pissing me off, wrecking my best pair of jeans. She threw the carcass into the garbage and made her way back to the house to tell her mom the bad news, no eggs for breakfast. Her mother only nodded stoically and continued to pour coffee for the two of them, her idiot brother was not up yet. Only 15 he thought he was the man of the house ever since their father let up and left them to fend for themselves. Like father like son, junior was already out late at night drinking it up with the boys and trying to find a dumb enough girl to let him take her cherry away. She looked down again at her ruined jeans, but the silver stain was nowhere to be seen. Her Mama slumped into a kitchen chair and lit up another cheap cigarette. Her bones were older than her real age. She was only 32 and lumbered with 2 kids, bringing them up in a shack for a house on a waitress's tips. Getting less tips now as her looks were sliding away. The woman was becoming a scarecrow, no curves, just skin and bone.

Noticing the time, Julie grabbed her schoolbooks and got ready to leave. "You forgetting something" said her Mama, "Where's me kiss?" Julie bent down and smelling the smoke, kissed her Mama on her cheek. She felt slightly repulsed as she did so, because her Mama's skin was already beginning to feel like the decaying skin of an old woman. Holding onto her books, she started to walk quickly the half mile to school. Another day, another torture, but time left in this dumb town is a day shorter. She recanted this everyday as she went to Madison High School. For a small simple town like Madison, the school was far too grand. It belonged to a time when there were over ten thousand living there, not the mere few hundred now left. The school building was a sprawling mess, of extra buildings and rooms tacked onto the central structure. When the town was growing rapidly in the boom times, finesse made way for just adding accommodation. Now the only benefit was for the kids, they had secret rooms in the complex where they could play or hide away from reality whenever they wanted to.

The Thought had briefly felt the presence of another being and allowed its form to be dripped onto this new animal. Unlike other species it encountered so far, this one used artificial coverings or clothes. When it landed on the cloth, it sensed that beneath the chemical dyes and the factory-produced material was the actual skin of this species. Slowly it sank beneath the clothing and using a universal desensitizing chemical, it came directly in touch with the leg of the human. Using this rudimentary contact, it reached out and interacted with the animals nerves, until it had a simple interface with the basic functions of the brain. From these it would learn the instincts of the animal, undoubtedly the same as the other creatures it had encountered. However, the Thought was hopeful that this time the human creature would be more useful than the others had been. It decided to wait and bide its time. It needed to learn more before acting.

Walking down the hill, Julie saw Maddie the Indian girl. In a town this small you were lucky to have anything else than white and few blacks, so someone from Bombay was almost exotic. Julie looked at the girl more closely today. Maddie, her real name was just something so unpronounceable, was shorter than Julie, with that typical long dark hair down to her lower back. Her face was angular, always concentrating on something for school. Typical nerd, she thought. If only she relaxed and smiled she might even have a pretty smile. However, her body was frumpy, not fat just there was no definition. It was always hidden in outsized sweaters. Julie looked again, and seeing Maddie's sad, black pools eyes, felt some sort of desire to protect the little creature. "Gawd - I am getting soft" she thought. She stretched her stride and speed away from that annoying little girl. It was going to be a long day at school.


Julie did not dislike school; so much as, she thought it was a waste of time. Particularly science, which was the last and dullest class of the day. What use would science be when you are on the catwalk. She dreamt of wearing some amazing outfit, strutting to the cheers of the crowd as the designer clapped and cried. "Julie, what does Einstein's formula mean?" She woke up from her daydream to see Miss Arbuckle, the science teacher standing over her. Arbuckle who the same age as her mother looked much fitter and certainly filled out more womanly, was the fantasy of all the older men in town, but rumors were that her interests where towards girls and not men. Perhaps that was just the old guys trying to explain their lack of success with her.

"Who?" Julie responded to the chuckles of the geeks sitting up the front of the class. "Einstein, and E=MC2" cried Arbuckle. Without any hesitation, Julie answered, "Energy equals Mass by the Acceleration of Light Squared". As the words came out of Julie's mouth, she thought she was having an outer body experience. "How the hell did she know that?" "...and that formula is actually simplistic given the true nature of time and space. Being curved" "ya' know." The class went silent for a while. Arbuckle's mouth hung open, and before she could respond, the bell went. Julie took out a lollipop and looking at the geeks, seductively put it in her mouth and got up and walked out. She noticed Maddie blinking back at her from the herd of nerds, and rolled her lollipop sucking it noisily in her mouth staring right back at her. Maddies eyes welled up and she fled out of the room. Silly geek thought Julie as she walked out the door. Back up the hill to home. She did not know where that answer had come from, but it was nice to get one up on the geek. "Poor frumpy Maddie. Maybe I have some brains after all" she thought.

Reaching home even though it was just a 15-minute walk always tired out Julie. Most of the trip was up hill and the day was really hot. She would have preferred to wear shorts to school, but Miss Arbuckle who was in charge of school decorum insisted on either long skirts, or pants. Jeans were the only option for someone as cute as Julie was. Jean opened the kitchen door and saw the two coffee mugs were still there since breakfast. Junior had not gotten up either. It was his turn to do the cleaning chores. That lazy brother of hers, she thought. She took the mugs from the table to the sink counter and went to turn the water heater on. It needed a few minutes before she could wash up and take her normal shower. She walked down the corridor of the house and seeing the door to her brother's room slightly open, she peeked in to see if his lordship was awake. She looked in the half-light and saw his form collapsed on the bed, spread out as if he had been dropped from a height. He was naked face down. It was not the first time she had seen him like that; he still liked to go skinny-dipping with his friends. Except now, she noticed that he had really filled out in the last few years. His back muscles on his 6' frame were quite taut and his buttocks were very firm. Nice to handle she thought. "Sheet - Julie he is your brother". At that moment, he groaned and turned over. Junior was having a nice wet dream, and had a large boner. He was a good 6-7 inches and quite wide for a kid his age. Bet you he could go all night she thought - "Christ Julie get out of here he is your brother".

Julie ashamed at herself retreated slowly. The boards of the floor creaking slightly under her weight as she left. She returned relieved into the kitchen and set about washing the mugs in the warm water. She was relieved at something do to do, trying to take her mind off the views she had seen and the feelings that had arisen in her. The mugs took only a few minutes to wash, dry and put away. She checked the water heater again; there was enough for a good shower. Julie decided she had better hurry before Junior decided to wake up and grab the shower himself.

She went into her room and took out her robe from the closet. It was the one indulgence she had made. Instead of the old toweling robe, she had bought a silk like one with pretty floral pictures from the shopping network. It was supposed to be silk, but still it felt good even though it was really just satin. Someday, she will have real silk she promised herself. As she took off her jeans, she thought she saw something silvery on her leg, but when she went to brush it off there was nothing. Finally undressed she reviewed her body as she always did in the mirror. She saw her tall frame, her long smooth legs, her pretty face with the cute noise, her long blonde hair to the small of her back, and finally her perfectly sized breasts. She knew to be a fashion model she should only have an A or B cup 34 maximum. These she had, although she felt they looked a bit bigger today. Must be the light she concluded. Anyway, putting on her robe she left her room and walked past her brother's door, making her way down the corridor to the bathroom. She was sure his door had not been that far open before. He was probably leering in the dark at. She had already caught him doing this before. Her brother was a little pervert. Normally, she would be pissed at him, but today she moved her hips to give him a little show, after all, he was not too bad looking himself, wouldn't mind looking at him again. "Gawd - Julie what is with you?"

The Thought had reached into the base and some of the higher functions of the human's brain. It suspected that this was not one of the more educated forms of this species, but it would be satisfactory as it was a representative of the species at the top of the food chain. It needed to control better the connection with human, as the slip in science class showed that the current interface was not adequate. Understanding human physiology it realized that this was a sexual creature and required another for procreation purposes. This process also had usefulness when it came to control and spreading of the Thought throughout the species. It was therefore essential to establish a proper interface, and full control over the immediate surroundings. The Thought knew that after nearly five sun-ups or days, it had not made substantial progress and speed was of the essence as its energy reserves were limited in its current fluid form.

Julie got into the bathroom and closed the door behind her. The lock was broken ages ago when her dad kicked it in during one of his drunken rages. Junior was supposed to have fixed it, but never got around to it. She undid her robe, and step into the shower. She ran the water awhile to make sure the temperature was just right. Using a clasp, she tied up her hair into a bun. She took the soap and started to go around her young body. She went from her neck to her underarms, to her breasts. She felt unusually sensitive, her nipples were erect and breasts heaved as she soaped them. She reached down to her flat stomach, and round to her lower back. Then as she started soaping her firm ass, she saw again in her mind her brother's buttocks as he lay on his bed. She tried weakly to shake the picture out of her head, but something made it stronger and her felt so sensitive. She imagined running her hands down from Junior's strong shoulders, down his back, down until she grabbed his buttocks and turned him to show his firm erect cock. "My  Gawd???" - she thought, as her hands moved to her front, soaping her pussy, her fingers touching her cunt lips. She gently moved the hood of her clit with the index finger of her right hand, and slowly inserting it inside her. "Oh Junior, your firm cock". At that movement when she was sliding her finger inside of herself, a silvery gooey substance emerged from the leg of her skin and formed itself into a long wormlike shape and slide rapidly between her legs. Julie had only a moment to see the shape when it thrust itself into her cunt, past her finger. She grunted and stumbled in the shower, and the insertion of the silvery object caused her to complete the orgasm that she had building up. She cried and momentarily passed out.

Junior was hiding in the dark of his room, waiting for his gorgeous sister to come out of the bathroom. He had played this game many times before. Normally, if caught, and he had been caught, she would shrill at him like a fishmongers wife. However, today had been very different. He was sure she had been in his room; she scent was hanging there when he woke up with his usual morning boner. Only of course, it was not morning. Wonder if she saw his manhood. She might stop calling me Junior then. He stayed hidden waiting for her to walk back to her room. If lucky when she walked, he would see her pert nipples against her fancy bathrobe, swaying as she moved. Fucking gorgeous his sister, all his mates wanted to screw her. Then he heard her cry. Getting up he threw on his jeans and t-shirt over his naked body and ran into the bathroom to see her lying down in the shower stall. As he reached in to turn off the water, she opened her eyes and looked deeply into his.

Julie woke up as her handsome brother was leaning over her prostrate naked body. As he turned off the shower water, he managed to get some water on his face and t-shirt. She looked up and saw that he was really handsome. She could not help looking at him, and she did not care. She stood up and walked out of the cubicle, Junior walking backwards away from her. "Thanks, for coming to my rescue. My knight in silver Armour" she said seductively. "I am alright, just slipped on the soap" she reached into the shower and retrieved the bar of soap from the floor, giving Junior more than an eyeful of her ass. "You're wet - let me help" she said pointing out his face and t-shirt. She leaned closer, and on her toes, kissed him on the cheek sucking off the drops of water. "Let me thank you properly, like a good sister" she kissed him gently on the lips, and then more urgently until his mouth opened to meet hers.

Junior was confused by the show his sister was giving him. Half of his mind was waiting to be kneed in the jewels, and the other half said she was worth it. When she sucked off the droplets from his face, his rod twitched its appreciation. Her fantastic body leaning against his, he felt her nipples almost digging into her chest. Must have been some knock on the head. He resisted her kiss initially, and was about to break off when their tongues touched. This was wrong, he thought, when he felt something slide down into his mouth, and into his throat. He blinked maybe once or twice, and then relaxed. She was something big sis; let's show her that Junior is only a name.

Julie kissed her brother urgently, and using her hands ripped at his cheap cotton t-shirt. Once ripped open, she turned her attention to his chest, kissing and sucking at his nipples. Young brother, I am going to make you my man she thought. All the pent up feelings she had were exploding like a grenade of insanity had gone off in her mind. Except she knew it was ok, it was right, as she slipped downward to his jeans, undid his buttons, and pulled them down to reveal his wonderful cock ready to be sucked, dripping already as her lips encased his helmet.

Junior watched as his sister took control and pulled his rod noisily into her warm, wet mouth, holding it with her luscious lips. Sucking and licking, tasting and swallowing his salty pre-cum. He was nearly ready to explode into her. After a few minutes of her fondling his balls and drawing his cock deep into her mouth, junior grabbed his sister's head and spewed a load down the back of her throat, and held it there until he heard her swallow.

Julie felt his balls and rod swell and as her brother held her head impaled on his member, she felt his cum splash in the back of her mouth. It slide around her tongue, her teeth and gums, she slurped and swallowed it eagerly. The taste was sweet and salty, and she came almost at the same time, as her beautiful brother christened her tonsils.

Junior, felt so powerful after cumming inside his sister, he pulled her up to him and kissed her deeply on the mouth, her salvia mixed with his and his cum. He undid her hair, so that is flowed sexily down her back, and kneeling he kissed and sucked her erect nipples. With his right hand, he felt at her ass, and around to her wet pussy. He sucked and bit her nipples just once more and then lifted her by her ass and her thighs and slid her down on his still erect pole. She cried and rode him, her arms around his neck, fucking him deep into her pussy. Up and down, she rode like a woman possessed, until she came and Junior shot a huge load right up into his sexy sister. His cum and her juices dripped onto the bathroom floor. He held her tight and kissed her. She responded by grabbing him closer and sticking her tongue down his throat.

The Thought had divided into the two humans. Still one thought, but now spread. These would be excellent carriers - unknown to them, driven by the release of baser instincts. They will be modified to further their usefulness. But now is the time to select the first of the breeders, and 2 candidates are immediately available for that job

Two carriers were now secured unaware that they had been controlled by the simple releasing of their instincts. Breeder 1 is due home after her shift, time to have the carriers carry out their task and ensnare their mother for modification and breeding duties. Five sun-ups had nearly passed, no time to waste.
