I reach down and place another log into the centre of the crackling fire. Showers of glowing sparks sweep upwards, scattering across the night sky like dancing fireflies. Yellow flames wrap themselves tightly to its snarled form searching for somewhere to take hold. Heat slowly radiates out as we sit easily around the candlelit table. Wine glasses half empty as we gaze into the heart of the fire and watch ripples of light shimmy across the glowing embers.
I lean back into the throws and soft cushions and look across at you as she nestles easily against my chest. Her hand resting lazily on my thigh. We sip our wine as the conversation flows easily. Your head falls back a little as you laugh, the dancing flames casting small shadows across your upturned face. Your soft brown eyes reflect the glow from the blazing fire next to us.
She moves gently into me and raises her lips to meet mine. After a few seconds we break our kiss and I look across at you and smile, noticing that you had been watching us. Intently. You see me looking and briefly smile back. I raise my eyebrows just enough so that I know you have noticed then return my eager lips to hers.
As our lips part, she looks into my eyes and takes her fingers and slowly lowers the thin spaghetti strap on one side of her satin top until the delicate form of her breast is revealed. She rolls the tips of her fingers together bringing her deep pink nipple to attention. Her eyes are firmly closed. Her breathing slow and steady. I lower my head taking her gently into my mouth. My tongue encircling her swelling, lips pursed together, slowly squeezing the hard nub. I hear her moan softly as my teeth gently grip her swollen nipple.
Her fingers pull down the remaining strap of her top releasing her other breast to the night air. Her hand cups it, perfectly, as only she knows best. My tongue moves around her dark circle before flicking slowly across the central hardness. I feel her tremble as I gently pinch it between my teeth, nibbling and rolling the tip of my tongue against the sensitive end.
I open my eyes as I continue to suck on her nipple. She has hers closed with her head back exposing her neck in the glow of the firelight. I look across at you and our eyes fix. I see the interest, the flush in your cheeks. You watch as my tongue plays with her, flicking and swirling slowly around. Your eyes focused on my lips as they suckle. You gaze intently as her left hand caresses her free breast, watching her fingertips softly dance around her swollen centre. I watch as your tongue briefly sweeps across your lips in time with mine. You hesitate and question me with your eyes, holding me, watching for a reaction. I lower my gaze to where the swell beneath your top tantalises me. You look down briefly and a knowing smile flashes across your face. Your fingers slip to your top button and disappear inside as you start to release their hold. Each one is undone carefully until the fabric of your top lies loose, your simple black bra all that remains from revealing yourself to me.
I slowly draw her nipple away from her breast as you hold my gaze before I drop my eyes to where you hand conceals what lies beneath. I see your palm slowly smoothing round before you push yourself forward and slip your hands behind to quickly release the catch. I suck a little harder on her nipple as I look across at you, waiting for you to show yourself to me. I drop my eyes past your slightly parted lips, down your delicate neck to where your hands cover your breasts. I watch as you softly squeeze and caress them, tantalising me until eventually you slowly move them away. I gasp quietly at the sight of your beautiful curves. The subtle swell of your breasts enthralls me. My heart quickens as I watch you play with your nipples seeing them harden and stiffen to your touch. Your slender fingers dancing softly across your skin. I look back into your eyes and you smile. Still a little hesitant, unsure of where this will lead.
She opens her eyes as I continue to suck on her breast. My lips squeezing and pulling. She notices you as your fingers dance and twirl around your nipples. She moans quietly as I suckle harder and her eyes fix onto yours. Unknown feelings stir, warmth rises from deep within. You smile at her as she watches as your fingers gently caress your delicate curves.
You look down to my lap and casually lick your lips before capturing her gaze again. She realises where you have been looking and her fingers begin to move. Fingertips snake up and over my bulging jeans. Slowly pulling on the buttons, one by one until her hand slips inside. Your eyes searching but she keeps me hidden from view. You watch as her hand moves slowly into my opening obviously sliding up and down the swelling inside. Your fingers encircling your dark and swollen nipples, tips encouraging them to grow harder.
I shift slightly as she expertly slides my skin over my hardness causing me to swell even further. Her hand grips the hard ridges whilst her thumb circles slowly over my exposed head, spreading the seeping moisture from my slit across the deep purple crown. I shudder slightly as her fingers wrap tightly around me and groan softly as she increases her speed steadily.
You gaze into her eyes and question her. She smiles and nods slightly, licking her lips and running her finger tips across her hard nipples. You grip your own in response and smile back at her. She runs her tongue across her lips and beckons you over with her green eyes. You drop your hands from your breasts and uncurl your feet slowly from underneath you.
The crackling logs besides us radiate a growing heat as the flames leap upwards searching for the stars, piercing the jet black sky above. I stiffen harder in her hand in anticipation as you move towards us. She leans back revealing her breasts fully to you whilst continuing to stroke my hardness inside my jeans.
I watch as you move slowly towards us, the form of your breasts captured in the dancing firelight against your slight frame. She looks up at you with a desire in her green eyes as you draw closer and sit by my side. You carefully lean across me and lower your mouth to her engorged swelling, drawing her inside your mouth as you softly squeeze your lips together. Your tongue flicks across her hard nipple causing her to moan as she feels the sensual touch of another woman for the first time. You suck harder and squeeze her swollen nub gently between your firm lips. Her hand pulls you closer to her breast as her breathing becomes more ragged. Her fingers entwined in your long dark curls. Your naked breasts rest against my stomach as you lean across me. I feel your hard nipples pressing into me and my cock twitches against your warm skin. You swirl your tongue across her nipple before raising your lips to hers. She opens her mouth and your tongues dance together as your kisses become more intense. You trace your fingertips softly down the side of her face as your kiss comes to an end. You gaze into her eyes and question her with your expression. She smiles and pushes you slowly back to a sitting position. You lean back into the warm throw and run your fingers around your breasts, circling the soft curves slowly. Your nipples swollen and hard, aching to be touched.
She looks at me as I sit between you, the crackling logs next to us sending sparks upwards and radiating heat outwards, our faces warm from the glow. She slips her hand back into the opening in my jeans. Fingers wrapped around my hard cock. Feeling it swelling further to her touch as she slowly moves her hand up and down. You watch her movements and pull slowly on your hard nipples as I begin to moan softly as her thumb rubs against my swollen ridge. You gaze intently as she pulls me free from my jeans and you see my hardness for the first time. Your tongue slips out between your wet lips and you lower your mouth back towards her breast. Your tongue snaking out until it wraps around her nipple, flicking across the hard nub. I moan louder as I watch your tongue bringing her pleasure.
She gently pulls you off her breast and looks at you briefly before she drops her mouth to my hardness. Her lips holding me tightly as I slide slowly into her warm mouth. Her full lips slipping easily down my shaft before sliding back up again revealing my cock to you once again. Her tongue swirls around the tip, playing with open hole before she wraps her lips firmly around my ridge. Her hand pulls down as she sucks her cheeks together tightly before she releases me briefly and starts all over again.
I slowly run my fingers through her hair and pull her closer to me, encouraging her to take me deeper. She looks up at me then slowly sinks down further, my hardness filling her. I feel you take my other hand and place it around your naked breast. I feel you gasp as I take hold, squeezing it softly before my finger tips trace upwards and begin to roll around your already hardened nipple. I squeeze gently and circle around feeling you swell even more to my touch. You turn towards me and our lips meet briefly. I gaze into your deep brown eyes before returning my lips to yours. Our mouths join together, our tongues pushing between our lips, dancing and probing in our mouths. Tips twirling together as my hand runs up and down your back, sending shivers through your body.
She draws her tongue along the length of my swelling before raising her mouth to yours. I lean back and watch as your lips meet softly, moving closer together knowing you are tasting me on her lips. The firelight illuminating your naked bodies as your fingers find hers. She pulls yours to her breasts and holds them tight against her. I watch as your fingertips join hers as they softly caress her hard nipples. Circling and tracing around them causing her to moan quietly. You take her nipple between your lips and I watch as you entice it to full length, sucking firmly as it stiffens to your touch.
She lies back into the cushions and opens her legs a little wider and slowly circles her fingers around her hard clit, moaning softly as she looks into your soft brown eyes. My hand circles round my hardness as I watch as you lower your mouth slowly to where her fingers play gently. She gasps quietly as your soft lips touch her openness then moans as you slip your warm tongue inside. Her fingers clench tightly into your dark locks as you bring to her an intenseness she has never felt before. The tip of your tongue flicking across her before slipping back inside, probing and licking as her juices begin to flow. She arches her back as her body trembles beneath you and she pulls you closer to her, whispering your name quietly as your tongue slips out. Your lips meet and she tastes herself on your tongue as you slide it into her willing mouth. You run your tongue across her bottom lip before sitting up and laying back into the cushions behind you. Your slender fingers tracing around your gentle curves and dragging the tips along your nipples causing you to moan softly.
She rises from the bench and carefully steps over my outstretched legs. Her naked form briefly silhouetted by the flickering flames behind her. My cock quickly rises as I see this before she crouches in front of you, her green eyes looking into yours. She places her hands on your knees and traces her fingers slowly up the inside of your thighs. I lean forward and gently lower my mouth to your breast, slipping my tongue across your hardness as I suck you deeper into my mouth. You drop your fingers to the top of your black leggings that cling to your slender legs and raise your body from the cushions beneath you. You quickly drag them down till your fingers meet hers and together you remove them completely. I gaze down to where your pussy is barely concealed by your black lace. The flickering firelight sending shadows across your smooth skin. I watch as you pull the slender covering to one side revealing your glistening pussy to her.
Your brown eyes gazing into hers as she draws closer to your opening. I suck harder on your dark nipple as I watch her mouth dropping between your legs. I hear you moan softly as her lips finally touch and then louder as she slips her tongue deep inside your pussy, sucking eagerly as your sweet juices flow. You grasp the back of her head and pull her tighter, urging her to slide her tongue deeper into you. She responds to your touch and you groan as her teeth nibble on your swollen clit as her tongue slides in and out of your opening. You start to tremble as her attention draws you closer to your orgasm. I lift my lips to yours and kiss you passionately knowing it is close. My fingers grasping your nipples as your body starts to shake, our tongues probing and dancing in our mouths. You stiffen and shout out as her mouth finally drives you over the edge. You bite my bottom lip as the intense waves flow through your body and you flood her mouth with your sweet juices. Her firm lips continue sucking and her probing tongue dances across your hardened nub.
Slowly the waves of pleasure subside from your body and she rises from her knees. I lay back into the cushions allowing you to stand. Facing her you pull her close and your lips meet. You taste yourself on her mouth and you pull her close, your breasts warm against hers as your fingers trail down her back. I wrap my fingers tightly around my swollen cock and slowly pull up and down as I watch you kiss her in front of me. My moaning catches your attention and you break away from her. She drops to her knees in front of me and takes me into her mouth. Moving slowly along the entire shaft until it glistens in the dancing firelight. She beckons you over and asks you to straddle over me as I lie back into the cushions. You spread your wet pussy wider as you lower yourself over me. She guides my cock to your opening and watches as it slides slowly between your swollen lips and into you.
I moan as your tight walls grasp my shaft and I reach round your body and grasp your breasts, my fingers toying and playing with your hard nipples. You shudder as I push deeper inside you. Your hips begin to move and your tight walls grip my ridges causing me to swell harder. You lean back and lay your head on my chest, your fingers playing with your clit and cupping one of your small breasts. She briefly lowers her mouth to your pussy and slowly extends her tongue to where the honey is seeping from you as my hard cock is pushing in and out, then she carefully straddles our bodies. Her pussy grinds against your open mouth as you push your tongue into her wet opening. She pushes harder against you as your movements cause my cock to erupt deep inside you. Her juices filling your mouth as her body shakes and trembles. Your tongue pushing in and out of her until her body subsides and she slides off our bodies, skin glowing in the light of the fire crackling besides us.
I hand you your clothes and start to pull on my jeans when we hear his voice full of questions calling from the gate in the corner...