You know how I told you all that The Cirq had it's own flavor that it left on your tongue? Well, none other than The Angel Child leaves part of that distinct taste. It's the tinge of innocence, beauty, and purity; and let me tell you having seen this boy since he was a babe there is quite the story to tell. Yeah, yeah, yeah quit your bitching, I know what you all are thinking. Yes, it's another prequel to the boys' pasts, but it's just as important as The Perfect Storm's. Without The Angel Child Thomas, I would have never been able to right the meaningless flings that our Adam had insisted upon.

And you know his story starts much like many other, because once upon a time (yes cliché I know but deal with it) a babe was born to poor parents. When this divine child came into the world his wings were downy and soft, and everything that should have been considered miraculous was completely shunned due to the family's need to fit in. That is where our resident 'foster parent' vampires came in. They received a call late one night only hours after the baby's birth and immediately began the trek to bring this wee one into the Cirq's fold.

This trip entailed keeping The Cirq stationary until the vampires were able to retrieve Thomas, as he was dubbed, from Kansas. Kansas wasn't a state The Cirq generally went through for one reason or another, and it took them two days and two nights to retrieve the baby. Soon after, another babe would be found on The Cirq's campgrounds, but you'll learn more about his early life another time.

Baby Thomas became the light of the family's life with his tinkling laughter and as he grew, his wings did too. By the time the child began to walk his wings became his best or worst enemy depending on the day since he was still learning to control them. With each tiny step Thomas took flapping unsteady wings thwarted him, but his parents quickly discovered a pattern. When the toddler was happy his wings beat at his sides smoothly and when he was sad, upset, or tense they would draw into his body. Best of all was that whenever this gorgeous child caught sight of ice cream and became excited, his wings thrummed and each feather almost vibrated with energy. It would be years before Thomas realized the other interesting variable that his wings would bring.

Longineu and Joan also noticed that from the time they brought him home that one of his eyes was nearly crystal clear tinged with blue. That eye seemed more sensitive than the other and so when Thomas' hair was long enough the couple combed a fringe over it to protect him. During all this time Adam had taken a mild interest in the child, but he'd never noticed the eye or knew how much it would change his life.

I watched as Thomas became Tommy, and at the age of ten he was brought as an act into The Cirq along with his brothers. Each child worked and honed their talents to fascinate customers. The Angel Child had finally managed to wrestle control over his heavenly extensions, and during his act he preened like a peacock. He spread them wide, flapped them swiftly, and fanned the audience. When he finally gained enough speed the youngster could lift a foot from the ground, not quite flying, but hovering for a short period of time. Through the years young Tommy realized true flight would never be in his future. The mechanics of flying were hindered by his weight and it seemingly never affected him. He enjoyed his gift and figured flight might be a bit much. It was after this particular display that Tommy was approached by an older woman, her bones so gnarled with time that her body hunched like a tired weeping willow. His other gift was foretold that night by the voodoo priestess and she saw me coming, long before I knew what I was going to do.
…

The Angel Child stood off to the side of the crowd when an older lady slowly approached him. Something about her felt different, and a chill flew up is spine causing his wings to shiver. It wasn't out of fear though. It was the vibe she projected, powerful, ancient. He knew immediately that she was to be respected.

"Young man." Her voice scratched along his skin like nails on a chalkboard.

"Yes Ma'am," came his quiet reply.

"You're very special," she croaked as she brushed a gentle hand along his forehead, sweeping the fringe from his face to reveal his shielded eye. "You have the gift of the sight. When the time is right you will be given a vision that will change your life."

With those words she turned her crooked body and was on her way and Tommy shook the fringe back in place to conceal his eye.

…

At the time no one could know how much that foretelling would change his life and the lives of those around him. Not even I.

At nearly twelve the divine child with the pixie-face really began to grow into his body. He gained a few inches in height though he still remained short for a male his age, but the muscles in his body were long and sleek like those of a big cat. From a distance he resembled a soft child, but closer one could see the defined cut of his cheekbones and on some days a chin covered with dusty chestnut stubble.

It was around then that I flitted into his tent and let me tell you, he may still have had the lithe features of a boy, but everything downstairs screamed man.

…

Tommy laid flat on his back; each gentle flap of his wings left them furled around his body. His left hand caught his right wing, and he held it gently. He stared at the iridescence curiously, never having seen them shimmer. He combed his fingers carefully through the feathers, a look of shock and something else, something like pleasure touched his features.

Each swipe over his wing sent little tingles throughout his body, like thousands of fingertips brushing over his body at once. Much to his surprise, his nude form changed with each gentle touch to his heavenly extension. A small gasp left his pursed lips as he trailed his right hand over his chest, and the added sensation was nearly too much. It left his body feeling too hot, almost as if his skin was molten lava creeping over muscles. The core of the sensation centered on his length, which now strained, almost as if it were reaching for his hand desperately.

With his left hand still carding through feathers his right drifted a light touch along his cock, hesitant, unsure. His body trembled with excitement and his wings responded in turn. They shivered with energy, their colors shimmering brighter with each touch of Tommy's hand on his cock. A pink tongue licked his bottom lip before teeth sunk into the tender flesh. Tommy whimpered as he swept his thumb over the slick head, spreading the fluid leaking from his slit several times until he finally wrapped a firm hand around his length. Each stroke of his hand coincided with fingers brushing through his wings, and all too soon his feathers danced with the brilliance of a pearl as his cock erupted with rope after thick rope of his seed.

With a final sigh Tommy's body relaxed into his cot, his wings curling protectively around him, and soon he was asleep.

…

That my friends turned out to be the first sexual experience Tommy had. I discovered this later after he snuck out of his tent to find Kris the next morning. The adorable boy proceeded to babble for fifteen minutes about a new 'trick' he'd learned and all the while Kris just smirked knowingly.

However, I wasn't expecting what happened next. Kristopher had matured nearly a full two years prior, and so of course he'd learned this 'trick' ages ago, and when Kris gripped Tommy's hair with one scaly hand to shush Thomas the results were mind blowing.

…

Tommy sighed softly, Kris's strong fingers gripping his hair and hushing the tumble of words that spilled from his lips. His heart sped up as Kris drew closer and when their bodies finally pressed firmly together Kris sealed it with the soft touch of their lips.

Tommy melted into Kris's emerald embrace as his wings extended to their full length behind him. Kris's eyes caught sight of the beautiful spread of white and shifted so that one hand cupped Tommy's cheek while the other one reached behind the pixie-faced angel to brush through the expanse of feathers.

"Kris," Tommy hissed, but was quickly silenced when Kris's forked tongue captured his own, drawing him into a sinfully sweet kiss. Every sound Tommy made was absorbed by Kris's warm mouth. Scaly arms picked up the trembling Angel Child and deposited him gently onto a cot where Kris settled down on top of him.

"Sensitive?" Kris asked as he caressed the feathers that were beginning to emanate with their own ethereal glow.

Tommy nodded, unable to speak as his eyes slipped shut, every touch of Kris' fingers on his wings ten times more sensitive than his own. Flames lapped over his body and he gasped when Kris rolled his hips, their clothed lengths rubbing together, sinfully delicious. Kris continued the slow thrusting torture, stroking each feather he touched with reverence. Fascination was written in Kris's features when Tommy finally opened his eyes.

"That was something else I discovered," Tommy whimpered when Kris reach a particularly sensitive feather. "Touching them, it's… oh god." Tommy's hips bucked up as a series of moans left his lips.

"Did you?" Kris asked, his voice wavering as Tommy simply nodded, and with that he shivered and ground down against Tommy to find his own release.

When Kris finally stilled Tommy was gazing into his face curiously. "So yeah, the wings are apparently a source of arousal if I'm in the right mood, but now we're all sticky." Tommy wrinkled his nose and giggled.

"Only one way to fix that." Kris grabbed Tommy by the shirt and dragged him up and out of the tent. Tommy struggled to make his legs feel like something other than Jell-O as he stumbled behind Kris through a patch of woods until they stood at the bank of a river. "Skinny dipping," Kris said matter-of-factly and began stripping, tossing his soiled underwear somewhere in the trees. "Easier than washing them trust me."

"Just how many pairs of underwear do you have left?" Tommy laughed as he followed suit.

"Who needs underwear anyway? I say we go commando." Kris gave a lop-sided grin and dashed to the water.

"But then you would just be throwing away dirty jeans wouldn't you?" Tommy asked. He dipped a hesitant toe in the water to test the temperature before sinking into the warm piece of heaven.

"Course not, just means we gotta remember to get naked first," Kris cackled as Tommy drifted through the water and into his embrace.

…

This was the first of the many times I watched the boys together. Through the months they grew closer and saw Adam drift further away. Each time they attempted to draw Adam in he resisted.

Nearly a full year later Tommy and Kris had sex the first time, and it was during this experience that they both realized they were not alone in the tent. It turned into a show and by the end they expected Adam to join in, but no. After that night Adam became different, distant, and spent his nights with different boys. It hurt Tommy to see the sadness that surrounded Adam but there didn't seem to be a thing he could do, not until Adam accepted himself and while Tommy didn't know that, I did.

Finally after watching Adam's sexual encounters from the time he was fifteen, I got fed up. At twenty-seven Adam had never had an experience that was about love and I could see where the road was leading. Not my Adam, I would not lose him after protecting him for his entire life.

This is where I intervened. Sweet, sweet Tommy and his sight were my answer. Why it hadn't occurred to me years earlier, I do not know. What I did know is that The Angel Child would make things right.

Late one night I snuck into his tent, one of the few nights he'd spent away from Kris, and it was now or never. He looked even more heavenly while sleeping, his face slack with slumber and his wings embracing him like his very own down feather comforter. I landed quietly beside his head, his pillow fluffy between my toes as I laid my hand against his cheek.

I projected Adam's dreams to Tommy, of watching Kris and Tommy together, and the emotion Adam felt at the sight - of not fitting in. I saw Tommy's forehead crease with distress in the pale moonlight filtering through the tent opening. Then I showed him what the future could be with the three of them together, Adam's warm smile and twinkling eyes as laughter spilled from his lips. Even in his sleep Tommy smiled.

The next part was vital. Tommy had to hear the truth, and he had to believe. "Angel Child it is imperative that Adam accepts himself, every part of him is as it was meant to be. There was no mistake and when he learns to love himself it will change the course of your lives for the better. Trust your sight, and take your vision to Kris, and then to Adam. It's time for a change." With those words I felt Tommy shift and mumble in his sleep. I took leave before being caught and soon I saw Tommy leaving his tent and headed straight for Kristopher's.

I had done all that I could to help the boys I'd come to think of as my own. From this point on it was out of my hands. You all know by now the result of my meddling, and I honestly couldn't be more pleased with myself. Maybe someday I'll reveal myself to them, maybe. But that is your look into our Angel Child's past and I'm sure you realize by now that I've shot myself in the proverbial foot. Now I'm obligated to tell you about Kristopher's past, but that my dears will have to wait for another day. For now it's lights out at The Cirq as The Sandman makes his rounds. What? You didn't believe he was real?