Snape pondered how easy it was for an obsession to develop from nothing. Apart from that one incident directly following Dumbledore’s funeral, the boy and his presence were absent from his mind. Apart from occasionally wisps of thought, obviously. It would be impossible for any person; particularly so deep in the thick of things, to not give any thought to the Hero of the Wizarding World.

Potter was the first thing he thought of in the morning. Even before he was fully awake, he watched the man (boy, dammit) walk behind his closed eyes, heard the soft, deep tones of his voice even though he was sure he’d forgotten what they sounded like. He had the sensation of being engulfed in firm cotton wool, the material not limiting his movement as he rolled in his bed, just supporting the stretching of his lithe limbs. He was surrounded by heat, softened by shadows, moulded by murmurs. He didn’t mind waking up anymore, although he would still rather live in that half dream life.

But now that his spectre had appeared to arrive and wasn’t so happy to leave, Snape felt his mind sending out searching tendrils of consciousness, ever on the lookout for the next bit of contact. The past few days, whilst no doubt signalling his departure from the world of sane people and his arrival into Loopy Land, had been happy ones for him. He enjoyed the surprise of not knowing when Potter would appear next. He liked the way he behaved when Potter was around.

He hadn’t been lying. When he’d said he would rather Potter’s ghost haunt him all the days of his life, he meant it. He theorised that that could lead to very comfortable life indeed. Happy, even.

*****

If Harry had truly been the attention-seeking exhibitionist that Snape had long proclaimed him to be, his appearance at Hogwarts would have been very different. He could have hidden himself on the grounds with his possessions and broom and, at a crucial part of the proceedings – perhaps when Minister Check was giving her ‘Celebration of Dumbledore Day’ speech, or when Headmistress McGonagall was giving the students last minute instructions for the day after breakfast, he could have swooped into the room on his trusty Nimbus, robes trailing behind him as he did a circuit of the Great Hall above the cheering children’s heads, a cheesy grin worth of Gilderoy Lockhart plastered on his face.

He could have dismounted from the broom right in front of the staff tables in one of his patented heart-in-the-mouth manoeuvres, where the spectators wouldn’t know if he’d manage to pull out of a dive in time before causing injury to himself or others. He could have accepted the applause, encouraged the hysteria, and made himself the centre of attention very easily.

But Harry was not the bigheaded braggart that Snape believed him to be. He had no more wish to draw attention to himself now, then when he had growing up. So his appearance at Hogwarts was very different, but he thought he’d got his message across. Harry wanted no doubt in Snape’s mind that he, the real Harry Potter, was back.

*****

As the students and staff were excitedly eating breakfast in the Great Hall, he simply waited until no one was around, removed the invisibility spell, hitched his meagre backpack to his shoulder, opened the huge doors and walked in. Wave after wave of heads turned towards him; there was not a single person in the room that did not know who he was. Dozens of smiling faces filled his vision and a few good natured “Good on ya, Harry”’s were called out. He acknowledged these with small nods and a shy grin, but always kept his eye on the prize – Severus Snape. Who sat frozen at the staff tables, face set and foreboding.

McGonagall and the other professors had left their seats and stood in a welcoming bunch under the podium. When he reached them, he finally pulled his eyes away from the silent, still seated Snape, and was enveloped in a bone-crushing hug from the Headmistress.

“Oh Harry, I’m so happy that you’ve come. When you sent your apologies we were so disappointed.” McGonagall stepped back, slightly embarrassed at her own exuberant behaviour. The other professors slapped his back and hands were pressed in his as they reiterated McGonagall’s words.

Harry snuck a peek at Snape; two dull circles of colour had appeared in his otherwise pale face. His eyes were locked on Harry.

“What made you change your mind?” Flitwick asked breathlessly.

“Uh…I,” Harry tore his eyes from Snape and looked at the tiny professor.

“Guess I just needed to be among friends. You don’t mind, do you Professor McGonagall? I would have given you warning, but it was a spur of the moment decision.”

“Not at all Mister Potter, you know you’re always welcome at Hogwarts. We’ve missed you,” she said, squeezing his shoulder.

Harry opened his mouth to tell the Professor that he’d missed them too, but his throat unexpectedly tightened. She seemed to understand and, grasping his forearm, led him to the staff table.

“Sit yourself down young man and have some breakfast. We’ve plenty of time to catch up later.”

As the professors took their seats again, Harry moved to the only empty seat at the table. The seat at Snape’s right hand. The seat that Harry had recently sat in whilst Snape had smuggled him toast and sausages.

He stood there hesitantly, gripping the back of the chair. Snape had so far not shown any indication he knew he existed.

“Professor Snape,” Harry said haltingly.

“Potter.” Snape growled, keeping his eyes on his plate but gracefully inclined his head. Harry took that to be approval, so he sat down. Plate, cutlery and cup magically appeared in front of him. He spent a few silent minutes snagging bits of food and drink then innocently asked, “Would you pass the pumpkin butter please sir?”

McGonagall and Sprout heard him. Minerva’s sly grin returned and Sprout snorted into her tea. Snape’s eyes closed in a slow blink; he shuddered, than unceremoniously shoved the dish in Harry’s direction.

“Thank you sir,” Harry said, trying not to grin. He hadn’t meant that.

As Harry ate, Snape sipped his coffee, his fingers tapping rhythmically on the side of his cup. Harry watched the movement of those fingers much like a rodent would watch the undulations of a cobra. The suspense was killing him; wasn’t Snape even the least bit curious about his appearance, or did his hate of Harry extend so far as to ignore his very presence?

“To what,” Snape quietly asked, his fingers suddenly still, “do we owe the pleasure of your company, Mister Potter?”

Harry hastily swallowed his mouthful of sausage and crumpet and washed it down with the tepid tea. He cleared his throat nervously, he’d been practicing.

“I wanted to be here to remember Professor Dumbledore sir. And I’ve found that I’ve missed this place. Missed the grounds, missed the memories…missed the people.”

Snape’s eyebrows rose. “Surely you are surrounded by people wherever you go Mister Potter – a famous hero such as yourself?”

Harry’s face flushed. “That’s not what I meant. Other people don’t know a thing about me, not the real me. They only want a piece of the hero Harry Potter. I feel…comfortable here. Safe.”

“Am I to understand that the Boy-Who-Lived has not been entirely satisfied with his lot in life recently?” Snape spoke softly, his words having a hypnotic effect on Harry. He wondered if Snape knew that his voice had that effect on people, or if it was just a lucky coincidence that had helped him to be such a good spy.

“I never was sir, and you know it. I never asked for any of this.”

“What we ask for Mister Potter, and what we get, are as different from each other as what we wish for and what we deserve.”

Harry was silent for a moment, and then with a grin said, “That’s rather deep Professor.”

Snape smirked, a sharp glint of tooth showing. “It is, isn’t it.”

Harry snorted and continued eating. Snape went back to sipping his coffee and running his fingers against his coffee cup.

“All in all,” thought Harry, “not a bad beginning.”

*****

For the rest of the day, Harry managed to surreptitiously tail Snape’s every move. During the speeches to honour Dumbledore’s memory, Harry contrived to sit directly behind Severus, noting the straight, clean lines of his shoulders and the slight curl of his hair as it hung near his face. As the fete progressed and the Hogwarts professors did their duty by walking the grounds and keeping an eye on the students behaviour, Harry would position himself at a booth that Snape would be walking past. Severus’ steps never faltered in their stride, but Harry knew he had been noticed.

When lunch was called and the house-elves outdid themselves by presenting a fabulous picnic laid on the soft green grounds, Harry filled a plate with delicious finger foods. He collected a large glass of cool lemon juice and walked to where Snape was sneering at the frivolity occurring in front of him. He stood in the shade, arms crossed and robes wrapped tightly around his body in a way Harry had always thought resembled a shroud. Snape watched Harry smiling and walking towards him, his sneer being replaced by a small look of confusion.

“I thought you might like some lunch,” Harry said, holding the plate and cup up to Severus. Snape stared at the items as if they had just offended him.

Harry sighed, exasperated. “It’s lemon juice. Sir,” he added belatedly. “I’ve noticed you’re not partial to pumpkin.”

Snape swallowed and extended a hand. “Thank you,” he gritted out from behind clenched teeth. He made no move to take the plate.

Harry rolled his eyes. “Would you mind holding this while I get a drink for myself then?” Snape extended his other hand and held the plate with the barest of grasps.

Harry mumbled to himself as he went to find himself a drink. As he grabbed a frosty beverage, he snuck a quick glance into the shadows. Snape was still frozen in his place, however he was taking a sip of his drink. Harry smiled; he would breach the walls that Snape had built around himself layer by layer, but carefully, respectfully. He didn’t want to shock him with any sudden moves.

Waving at some students he recognised from his own time at Hogwarts, Harry returned to Severus and stood by his side, not touching, but close enough to pick some pieces of food from the plate and eat them in an unconcerned manner.

“Am I to be your servant this luncheon Mr Potter?” Snape drawled. “Perhaps you’d like me to conjure up a comfortable seat and fan you with phoenix feathers while you eat?”

“I’d like to see that,” Harry said, chuckling.

“I’m sure you would, but there is as much chance of that happening as of myself being asked to be godfather to the latest Weasley spawn,” Snape mocked, a slight grin on his face.

“You never know,” Harry said cryptically, taking the plate from Severus’ rigid hand as he sipped the last of his juice. He held the plate towards Snape while keeping his eyes on the students cavorting in front of him. After a few moments, Snape took a sandwich. A ridiculous burst of pride swelled in Harry’s chest, he felt like he’d just won a battle.

“Why are you actually here Potter?” Snape asked, now apparently feeling comfortable enough to continue eating from the shared plate.

“I told you, I missed being here. Isn’t that enough of a good reason?”

“To satisfy most people, it is a tolerable excuse. But I doubt you’d tell everyone your real agenda. And you do have an agenda, don’t you Mister Potter?” Snape asked chillingly as his cold eyes stared into Harry’s.

“You know,” Harry remarked, staring back into those eyes and noting they did not fill him with dread anymore, “I’m getting sick of this Mister Potter business.” Harry cheered internally as he neatly sidestepped the question. “Can’t you just call me Harry? In case you haven’t noticed, I’m an adult now, not a student. And after all the time we’ve know each other and everything we’ve been through together, I think we know enough about each other’s character to drop some formality.”

Snape looked at Harry with a smirk. “You wouldn’t dare,” he challenged.

Harry’s lips twisted into a wry grin. “Oh yes I would…Severus,” he enunciated perfectly.

Snape snorted then looked away. “Obviously, it takes little to please the idiot,” he said as if speaking to an unseen audience.

“Well, you know what they say – small things amuse small minds,” Harry sniggered self-depreciatingly.

“Why Harry,” Severus said in mock surprise, a mischievous gleam in his eyes, “I do believe you’ve grown some sort of wit.”

“Severus, you don’t know what I’ve grown.” Harry winked, took Snape’s empty glass from his hand, and walked away.