I married my daughter

By: born4phuck


As I explained to you all about my marriage with aunty, she given me a
boy child. When my son has 3 months old his sister Harsha i.e. aunty?s
daughter came to stay with us after her failure in class X.

My daughter Harsha is a cute and charming girl in her seventeen?s with
heavy boobs and back. This will attract any body to her body. But I
never looked her in sexy. I look and deal with her as daughter and my
close friend and she is also closing to me. I explained aunty that I
treat Harsha as our daughter, so wife aunty was happy.

I start to take care of Harsha by giving some pocket money for her
personal use after which we become little close. We discussed about her
dressing, eating, caring, tv visions, and many other subjected etc.
Finally she told me that she like her mum?s dress and she wanted to
wear. I told her to use your pocket money to do so. There is no problem
at all for your satisfaction. I always try to appreciate her about her
beauty and body shape. She is happy with my opinion. We are having
normal life for the next 2-3 months.

Harsha and her mom (my wife) are insisting me for small job. I promised
Harsh to find a suitable job very soon. I thought about her to send for
a job and planned her future in my mind. My relation with aunty is going
very smoothly in the absence of Harsha. Harsha doesn?t know that I am
second huss of her mother. We are enjoying our life in all the ways.

After two weeks time, Harsha insisted me to find a job for her. I
finally decided to give a job for her as receptionist to my office. I
took Harsha with me for interview in my car. I explained Harsha I will
give you job with me in my office but don?t say to your mom that you are
working in my office. After giving lot of instructions and explanations,
she agreed with me. I told my wife aunty that Harsha got a job near my
office and I will take care of her.

My wife aunty is very much happy and she hugged Harsha with her
happiness. Harsha will go to the office at 10.00 am and come back late
at 8.00 pm. Both we go together and enjoy our car journey for 30
minutes. Now I start kissing Harsha in the car. Harsha wears modern
dress for exposing her breasts, navel, thighs, hips, back etc.

One day, i.e. her eighteenth birthday, she wears very thin and
transparent cloths to attract any man to her. On that event, loudly she
told me to marry her after receiving a gold chain as gift from me in the
presence of her mother. It was a surprise of all of us but my wife aunty
became upset. My wife looked me in a different way. I am not expected
this response from Harsha immediately. Harsha started to hug me and
kissed a lot. I stopped Harsha and went off the place.

From that day, my wife aunty started to discuss with me about the future
in different ways. We finalized to marry Harsha with another man and
started to find out suitable alliance for her. Harsha came to know the
search of a boy for her made a lot of noise in the house. Harsha and
aunty started arguments for each and everything but I controlled both of
them cleverly. But Harsha became adamant to marry me at any cost.

I explained to Harsha in front of aunty (my wife) that I am already
married and having one son so I cannot marry you. Harsha told me that
let her be second wife because she needs love from me. She has no
problem to become my second wife other wise she will commit suicide. I
am worried with lot of things but I managed each thing carefully.

I talked with aunty about the matter in our bedroom section. I clarified
to my wife on the future of Harsha because we cannot neglect her. Aunty
called Harsha in front of me and told her that Anil is having wife and
son and he cannot leave them for you. Harsha told her mom that she want
me and agreed to stay as second wife. Harsha raised a question where is
his wife and child. Aunty shocked with that question. I interfered them
and told Harsha, I have a loving wife and a kid that I can show you on
my first night with you. Harsha, I mean to say that my first will be in
our bed room on my first night with you. Before that day I will not tell
you who is my first wife.

My routine outing with my wife (aunty) is in the day light and my
daughter (my wife?s daughter) Harsha in the night respectively. But
Harsha does not know my outing with her mother (my wife). Both my wife
and daughter are wearing less cloths (small shorts and tops) so I
enjoyed the things all the ways. These days are very wonderful for me
with them.

Next 2 to 3 days, Harsha called her mother and father alongwith me to
her room and confirmed her consent to the marriage with me as my second
wife. Aunty asked me about my decision. I said OK for Harsha?s better
future. Aunty granted permission to her for marriage in the next week
with the presence of few people only.

After six months continued treatment, now uncle is able to walk and talk
little. Now he can understand the things little. However, myself and
mywife aunty are doing sucking and fucking in his presence. Sometime he
looks happy on our sexual section.

Aunty arranged everything for the marriage, we got married by the
blessings of my wife (aunty) and uncle. On that my one year?s old son
became brother-in-law of his own father. There were few people presented
in the ceremony. On the marriage occasion I purchased same sarees and
nightwear for Harsha and my wife aunty. They liked the dresses. I chosen
the next night as our first night and I informed aunty (my wife) to
arrange our room decorative and more attractive. I also instructed aunty
to wear the same nightwear which Harsha wears. Because, I wanted my both
wives in the same way.

At 10 p.m. Harsha came to my room with a glass of milk. She was in her
light-blue colour nightwear. She reached near to me at our bed and I
took glass from Harsha and kept the glass on the side table. Harsh sat
near to me with shame. Simultaneously, my wife veena (aunty, now she is
my wife and mother in law) entered our room with a glass of milk. She
reached near to us, in the same way took glass from my first wife and
kept on the table. Harsha stood up and looked her mother, both wives are
in same way dressed.

I called my first wife and told her to close the door. (I call Veena in
the bedroom but outside I call her aunty). I introduced to Harsha as
Veena is my first wife. Harsha nodded her head. I told Harsha to do
pranam to her mother and father. Harsha?s hand touched her mother?s foot
and mine, we blessed our daughter for a happy life. I touched aunty?s
foot as son-in-law, she blessed me with kiss. The my wives, aunty turned
wife and daughter turned wife? hand were touched my foots for getting
blessing from me. I happily embraced them in both hands. Traditionally
we accept our norms.

I asked Veena to give Breast feed to her daughter Harsha in the bed.
Veen sat in the bed and Harsha kept her head in Veena?s lap. I came near
to them and took Veena?s breast in to Harshas mouth and asked Harsha to
suck her mother?s milk after 19 years. Harsha smiled and started sucking
her mothers breast. I started to remove Harsha?s night gown she wears
nothing in the underneath.

This is first time I am seeing her nude beautiful body. I took one sip
milk from aunty?s breast and started to suck Harsha?s firm breast after
few minutes both mom and daughter started exciting. Bcoz they are
enjoying the terms. 15 minutes later I asked my mother-in-law to stand
up and hold my 7 inch hot shaft to direct in her daughters tender cunt.
Aunty holds my shaft and kept in the opening of Harsha?s tender cunt and
told me to push down the hot rod inside it. I slowly pushed in, Harsha
started to shiver her entire body with pain. I asked aunty to give her
milk to her daughter. Aunty put her breast into her daughter?s mouth and
told her daughter that nothing to worry bcos this is the first time for
you. I am slowly going side of Harsha?s tender cunt. I pushed it inside
her and the beginning of Harsha happily crying.

We played for 30 minutes and I came inside her tender cunt with sound
splash of my hot milk in the walls of her vagina. Harsha was crying with
pain and happy after that I instructed aunty to suck blood and hot milk
from her daughters underneath. Aunty sucked each and every drop of her
daughters blood and son-in-laws?s milk.

I kissed aunty a lot bcos next 30 minutes are for her to explore the
climax as husband and wife. We have (myself and aunty turned wife turned
mother-in-law) fucked twice in front of my newly wife Harsha (daughter
turned wife). Harsha was taking her rest and watching game very happily.
Harsha called her mom as Veena and appreciated for an expert for fucking
and sucking, please mom teach me something more to build our life. Veena
embraced her daughter (both they are nude) and told her daughter, you
will get experience from tomorrow.

We have our own alternative ways to eat each and everything. Both (mom
and daughter) wives were happy with our future life.

This is the turning point of our life in satisfactorily. I will tell you
about our new business. If you want to know fucking & sucking girl?s
address and phone numbers please feel free to contact me at
born4phuck@yahoo.co.in


* Tell us how you liked this story* *( 1 is worst - 5 is best)*

* * *

				
*1* 	*2* 	*3* 	*4* 	*5*

*
Story viewed: *12068* times
Find more submissions from this author, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/search.php?id=500>
Tell a friend about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/send_page.php?id=500>
Post/Read comments about this story, Click here
<http://www.indiansexstories.net/sm/comments.html?id=500>

