Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Futa's Mind-Controlling Panties Chapter 15: Futa-Teacher Enjoys Her Panties
Summary: The futa's teacher puts on her mind-controlling panties early!
Keywords: HF Hf mmf fsolo mf Hfff mc exhib voy cuck public oral teacher school orgy 1st

Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Mildred Dean

Minako lifted her face from my pussy, her cream-coated lips nuzzling past my hairless girl-balls. The naughty, Japanese secretary licked up my throbbing girl-dick, her eyes focused on my round tits drenched in my own futa-cum. I had erupted and splattered myself with spurt after spurt of spunk from her naughty cunt-lapping.

That's it, Athena Pearce purred. My mind-controlled and sexy boss had a big grin on her face as she watched her secretary obey her commands. Clean up that mess you made, naughty slut. 

SMACK! 

The sound of Athena spanking her secretary's pale-olive ass echoed through the office. Minako gasped, her dark, slanted eyes widening. She shuddered and wiggled her hips, her asshole still full of Athena's futa-dick.

I had made Athena into a futa like me. I had given her one of the final pairs of panties. Chloe Quick, that naughty fourteen-year-old schoolgirl had the other pair. She would find someone appropriate with it; my gift to her.

Athena deserved her pair. She would use her dominating personality to acquire all the power and prestige I deserved. I was a futa now. I wasn't that frightened, mousy woman any longer. I had powers. People worshiped me.

Minako worshiped my tits.

The cute, Japanese secretary's tongue licked at a rivulet of my cum that ran down my stomach from my breasts. I shuddered at that wicked delight. Her tongue stroked me, coming closer and closer to brushing the bottom slope of my breast. I pushed up my glasses.

Her tongue flicked to the bottom of my tit. She followed that milky line up and up my boob, licking it up with hunger. I shuddered at her wonderful devotion. Her eyes shone up at me with worship. It was such a wicked thing to witness.

That's it, Athena moaned, leaving her girl-dick buried in Minako's asshole, savoring that velvety grip. Clean her all up.

Yes, Ms. Pearce, Minako moaned. It's so good, Ms. Dean. I'm so glad I get to clean you up.

Mmm, enjoy, I purred, my futa-cock throbbing. She was so gorgeous. I had wanted her since she came to work here.

But fear had always held me back. Never again.

Her tongue flicked across my nipple, gathering up the pearly jizz beading there. A shiver ran through me. Her tongue followed that jizz to more lines. She licked and lapped, gathering up all that salty jizz off of my right tit.

She bathed me in her saliva, being so thorough. Her straight, black hair swayed about her face as she did. I loved it, savoring every moment of her licking and lapping. I groaned, my futa-cock throbbing and aching. I would have such a huge orgasm from her licking.

It would be amazing. 

Her tongue caressed over to my left tit. She swiped up the spunk that had dribbled down between my breasts. Then she rose over it. Her tongue dragged up and up my tit, that pink delight leaving a trail of gleaming spit.

But no cum.

She licked it all up. She sucked on my nipple, cleaning off a bead there. I gasped, my futa-dick twitching and my pussy clenching. My hair swayed off my shoulders. I groaned as her tongue danced around my areola, gathering up all my girl-spunk.

It was such a delight.

Minako, I moaned, my pussy clenching. Yes, yes, that's it. Just like that. You know what I want. What I crave. Mmm, you're going to always clean me up, aren't you?

She stared up at me and nodded, her cheeks blushed dark. Always, Ms. Dean. Your cum is delicious.

I'm so glad my secretary is pleasing you, Athena said, her eyes soft with love. I'd have to discipline her if she didn't.

Yes, you would, I groaned.
 
Minako licked a final time. She lifted her head, studying my breasts. Some of my cum beaded at the corners of her mouth. Then she nodded her head in satisfaction. I am finished, Ms. Dean. Did I do a good job?

Yes, you did, I purred. You deserve a reward.

A big smile spread on her lips. Serving is its own reward.

But so is riding my big girl-dick, I moaned and leaned back. I want to feel that tight cunt on my dick.

Yes, Ms. Dean.

I stretched onto my back on Athena's desk, knocking over a coffee mug and some papers. I didn't care. I was just horny. Minako rose. She was still dressed, her skirt merely flipped over her ass to let Athena sodomize her.

Wait, get naked. Let me see that body, I groaned.

Yes, Ms. Dean.

Minako's dainty fingers flew to the buttons of her blouse. She had it done up all the way to her collar. It was such a conservative garb. That excited me. I shivered, my pussy on fire, and watched as she pushed her fingers through the first button. Then the next.

Moment by moment, she unveiled more and more of her body. The straps of a violet bra appeared. They hold small breasts in conical cups. She slipped out of her blouse, her stomach flat, her bellybutton cute above the waistband of her skirt. She reached behind her and unfastened her bra.

Her small titties came into view. They weren't much bigger than Chloe's tits. Perky B-cups that made my mouth water. Dark-brown nipples topped them, pointing out hard. She attacked her skirt, her eyes smoky.

You got some great tits, I moaned.

Thank you, Ms. Dean. Her eyes flicked to mine. Yours are gorgeous. It was so wonderful to lick them clean.

Her skirt unzipped. She shoved it off revealing a thick, black bush adorning her pussy. I couldn't see her pussy at all, but her juices gleamed on the curls. Her tangy musk swelled in the air, rising over my own similar aroma. It was just enough to let me recognize it.

Naked, she mounted the desk and straddled me. Her dainty fingers grabbed me. She held me upright and lowered her furred muff to my futa-cock. My pussy clenched as she came lower and lower. Her curls caressed my tip. The black forest engulfed my crown.

Her wet pussy lips kissed my cock.

I groaned as she slid over them. The Japanese secretary worked her cunt slowly down my shaft. That wonderful delight took more and more of my girl-dick. I shuddered, my heart pounding in my chest. The pleasure radiated out through me. My cunt clenched.

Oh, Ms. Dean, yes! she moaned as she sank down me, my balls drinking in that silky caress.

Mmm, that's good, I said. My eyes flicked to Athena watching. It occurs to me she dirtied your cock with her asshole.

Yes, she did, moaned Athena.

Well, join me in her pussy so she can wash you off. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Athena Pearce

My love's suggestion was so filthy and naughty it sent a throbbing pulse shooting up to the tip of my new girl-dick. I shuddered, wanting to do this so much because she wanted me to do it. My world revolved around my love for Mildred Dean.

The brunette and sexy futa set my blood on fire. From her round tits to her cute glasses.

I am honored to join you in my secretary's pussy, I said. Minako, lean forward so I can get a better view.

Yes, Ms. Pearce, she moaned, not flinching. Stuff my pussy with your futa-dick, too. I'm ready to clean my dirty ass from your cock.

She is the perfect secretary, Mildred moaned.

She's yours, I gasped.

No, no, she's yours. You'll need her.

A shiver ran through me. I'm so glad that I can be of service.

I pressed my girl-cock into Minako's thick bush. As the silky curls caressed me, I bumped into Mildred's cock. I followed her shaft upward. I groaned, bringing it right to Minako's cunt. Her pussy lips were already wrapped about Mildred's cock.

I didn't hesitate to push against those cuntlips. Mildred wanted me to do this. I shoved hard.

Minako gasped. Her ass clenched. Cum bubbled in her butt-crack. A trickle ran out to mat her pubic hairs above my cock. She whimpered as I felt her labia spreading around me. Mildred groaned, too. She must feel my crown on her dick.

My breasts shook. My cunt clenched as I pushed harder and harder. I had to be in her. I had to slam my cock to the hilt in her pussy. I had to wash my dick off. I groaned through clenched teeth. Minako whimpered.

Then my cock popped into her pussy.

Ms. Pearce! Minako gasped as her wet pussy lips slid around the tip of my dirty dick, pressing me tight against Mildred's amazing futa-cock.

Oh my fucking god! I moaned at the incredible joy of sliding into the same pussy Mildred's big, throbbing girl-dick already occupied. I felt the pleasure shooting down my shaft to my cunt and swinging balls. Holy shit, yes!

It was incredible. Fantastic. That hot, tight, silky twat pressed me against Mildred's throbbing shaft. I felt her passion pulsing up her cock as I went deeper and deeper and deeper into Minako's depths. My entire body quivered from the exquisite rapture of this moment.

Minako whimpered and squeaked. Her body bucked, her black hair swaying down her back. Her cunt squeezed me against Mildred's futa-dick. Our two cocks rubbed together. I pressed deeper until I was all the way in Minako, my crown pressing on Mildred's.

Damn, Mildred moaned. Oh, damn, that's good. Mmm, you got that dirty cock all the way in your secretary's pussy.

Yes, I did, I groaned. Shit, you took it, slut.

I'm so honored! gasped Minako, sounding breathless. It is intense. You are both stretching me out. I... I... Oh, my god!

To my astonishment, Minako came.

Her pussy convulsed and writhed around my dick. Hot juices gushed out and soaked my balls rubbing into Mildred's. The Japanese secretary trembled while her flesh rippled around my futa-dick. I groaned, the pleasure surging down my cock.

Her moans echoed through the room. Her back arched and brushed against my breasts. My nipples drank in the brief contact of her skin sliding across my flesh. It was exciting to feel. I shuddered, loving every moment of it. 

Holy shit, I gasped.

Yes, yes, yes! Minako moaned. Her thighs flexed. Her convulsing pussy slid up our cocks a few inches. Then she slammed back down us. So big. So much futa-cock in my pussy! It's so good!

Yes, it is! gasped Mildred. Ride us. Work that tight cunt up and down our cocks. Buff Athena's dick clean.

Yes, Ms. Dean! squealed Minako.

She flexed her thighs again. Her hot cunt slid up my cock. I groaned, her flesh still rippling around us. Had she gone multi-orgasmic? She whimpered and squeaked out her cute pleasure as she slid higher and higher up our cocks squeezed together by her juicy sheath.

Then she slammed down us.

I groaned at that hot, convulsing cunt engulfing my cock again. My throbbing tip drank in the friction. My pussy clenched and my balls tightened. Mildred gasped out a throaty groan as Minako slid up us again.

Her flesh writhed and spasmed around my dick. It was so amazing to feel. To experience. I shuddered, that hot flesh milking me. The rapture surged around me. It was such a delight to enjoy. I wanted to fuck her.

But I didn't want to move.

Oh, my god, yes! Mildred moaned. Minako, you keep cumming!

Too good! my secretary squeaked.

She rode our cocks. She worked her climaxing pussy up and down our girl-dicks. I just had to stand there and savor this exquisite pleasure. It was amazing to feel. The rapture surged down my girl-cock to my twat. My shaft throbbed against Mildred's dick. We both experienced that rippling flesh massaging us.

Minako kept cumming and cumming the entire time. I groaned as her pussy massaged up my cock, sucking at my dick. My balls twitched. My cunt clenched every time. My orgasm built and built so fast with that delicious twat writhing around me. Dizzying bliss swept through my body.

My hair swirled around my face. My dick twitched in Minako's cunt, the ache building and building at the crown of my futa-cock. I was sharing this pussy with the greatest woman alive. The most beautiful and awesome futa in the world.

My Mildred.

How did I get so lucky to have her? To love her? To be like her? My heart burst for joy. I would do everything for her. I would make sure she had whatever she wanted. My Mildred deserved everything her heart craved.

Oh, my fucking god, I'm going to flood this pussy! moaned Mildred. Shit, yes. What about you, Athena?

I am going to pump all my jizz into her snatch! I gasped. Oh, Mildred, her pussy is squeezing our dicks together.

Yes, her cunt is, panted Mildred. Work that pussy. Ooh, yes, yes, slide that cunt up and down our girl-dicks. Just like that. Yes, yes, you want my cum, don't you? Yeah, you do. You want my cum spurting into your cunt.

I do! whimpered Minako. I want your cum and Ms. Pearce's cum to flood me.

You'll get it! I panted, that ache building faster and faster.

Her pussy sank down my cock. Her rippling flesh stroked over the tip of my dick. I gasped out, my pussy clenching. The heat swelled in me. I threw back my head, my breasts jiggling and shaking. I whimpered, on the verge of my eruption.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, my god, this is it! I'm going to explode!

Do it! groaned Mildred. Just cum. Explode with me!

I erupted.

My dick pulsed against hers. My cum flooded into Minako's pussy. The pleasure surged through my body. It slammed into my mind. I gasped, my thoughts buffeted by this amazing rapture. I groaned, my hips wiggling from side to side. The bliss swept through me. This wonderful rapture that would have me exploding.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, my god, yes!

I know! Mildred moaned. God, I love cumming!

I could feel her balls twitching against mine. Our cum pumped into Minako's writhing cunt. Our seed mixed inside of her. This heady rush shot through me as we basted her pussy together. I groaned, my body bucking.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, that's insane. That's so good. Yes!

The pleasure rushed out of my spasming pussy and flooded through my body. I swayed from the heat rushing through my flesh. My breasts heaved as I spurted my spunk over and over again. My cum fired out of my cock.

That's so good! I moaned, stars twinkling before my eyes. That's amazing. I love cumming in the same pussy as you, Mildred!

I know! she gasped.

I hit that peak of pleasure. I fired the last of my spunk into the moaning Minako. Her pussy squeezed it all out of us while warmth dribbled over my balls. I panted, breathing heavily. Cream dribbled down my thighs.

Oh, yes, Athena! gasped Mildred. You're going to go so far. You have those panties. You have no limits on your ambition.

I gasped in realization. Nothing could stop me. A wild shudder washed through me in understanding. I would deliver everything to my Mildred. I ripped my cock out of Minako's cunt. I shuddered and looked around for my mind-controlling panties.

I had work to do. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Vernica Escamilla

I breathed in the wonderful scent of Chloe's panties balled up in my hand and hidden from sight. My body trembled as I stared down at the other gift she'd given me. My own pair of panties. Black and sleek and elegant.

I had to put them on right now.

I glanced up at my students. They were all taking a test, their pencils scratching on paper. The sounds of twenty-three writing utensils scribbling across their printouts. I bit my lip. It would be so risky to do. I'd have to slip my own panties out from beneath my skirt and discreetly put this one on.

But I had to. Chloe gave them to me.

And she was amazing. Perfect. Just wonderful. I was so glad I opened my present. She said to do it before lunch. I bet she'd want to see me in them. She would be so excited when I hiked my skirt and she saw how sexy her teacher looked in the panties she'd bought.

I took one final inhalation of her spicy pussy juices before I forced myself to set her panties down on my desk. They half-unfolded. They were all white with bands of lace on the rump. Something a cute schoolgirl would wear.

They were so Chloe Quick.

I swallowed and slid my hands up my thighs and beneath my skirt. The cloth rustled. I swallowed, my heart screaming in my chest. I stared out at my students all writing away, oblivious to what I was doing. The desk was blocking them from seeing this.

 I could do this.

I had to do this.

My fingers hooked the waistband of my panties. Drawing in a deep breath, I lifted my rump. My chair creaked as my thighs flexed. I shoved my panties down and sat back on my butt. A few students looked up at me.

I froze, my heart pounding. I had my panties down around my knees. This would get me fired, but I just had to put on Chloe's panties. I just had to change slowly. I smiled at the students staring at me; a girl named Greta blinked and then went back to her test.

I let out a long, slow breath and pushed the panties down past my knees. I tried not to lean over too much as the fabric rolled over my knees. Then the dainty cloth fell down to my calves. I swallowed, kicking my legs to get them off of me.

My heart beat as loud as the scratching pencils. My panties worked down to my ankles. I swallowed, my chair creaking as I shifted my legs. I struggled to get the panties off my feet, sliding them over my heels. 

They dropped to the floor.

A naughty rush shot through me. I was pantyless in the middle of my class. I had a group of oblivious sixteen-year-olds who had no idea their history teacher had dropped her panties. More than a few of the boys, who had nicknamed me the Hot-Ass Latina Teacher (much to my private delight and public annoyance), would be jizzing in their pants if they knew.

I drew in a deep breath and grabbed those sleek and black panties. The satin fabric felt so wonderfully smooth on my fingers. I swallowed and then shoved then beneath my desk. My breath grew so tight as I stared at my students.

Shawna flipped her test over, her brow furrowing. Lance scratched at the back of his neck beside her. Wendy yawned, hiding her mouth with her hands. I swallowed, knowing the longer I took, the sooner someone would finish. 

Then I would be in a bind.

I opened the panties, holding them in both hands. I lifted my right foot up and shoved it through the cloth. I found the leg hole, My foot popped through. Then I lifted my left foot. I swallowed, leaned over so far my glossy, black hair spilled across my desk. 

My cunt clenched, this heat building and building in me as I slipped my left foot through the leg hole. I shuddered as the satiny cloth caressed my skin as I drew the panties up and up my calves. I shuddered, my heart pounding.

This was the naughtiest thing I had done in my life.

My panties reached my knees. I sat up straighter now, sliding the cloth up my smooth thighs. I swallowed, this wicked heat building in me. I shifted my weight, prepared to transition into a crouch to lift my rump off my seat.

I hit my skirt, pushing up the fabric. Then I had to stand. I lifted myself up. I fought a groan at the strain on my thigh muscles. I pushed the panties up higher, my skirt riding up with my action. No helping it. I would have to straighten it once I had the panties seated properly.

Nancy stretched her back, her eyes flicking at me for a moment. I froze, the panties almost over my rump. But then she went back to her test. I exhaled and shoved the panties over my butt and seated them against my shaved pussy lips. I felt the satin

I exploded in rapture. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chloe Quick

Bryana had a big grin on her face when I sauntered into the first-floor restroom. My older sister bit her lower lip, her eyes flashing to the bulge in my skirt. She wiggled her ass back and forth, her skinny jeans hugging her and riding low. I could see the top half of the black heart she had tattooed on her left hip.

God, I need that cock in me, she moaned. I love Dad's cock, but you futas are sexy.

I'm glad you're taking care of him while Mom's with Mildred, I said. 

Mmm, me and Aunt Nadine wore him out last night, said Bryana with pride. But there's something hot about being fucked by my little sister's big dick.

Ooh, you like this, huh? I asked, feeling bold and hiking my skirt right there in the middle of the hallway. I exposed my futa-dick throbbing in my pink panties. You want my futa-cock fucking you hard.

So hard! she moaned, unsnapping her jeans and kicking off her open-toed shoes. Red nail polish gleamed on her toenails. She shoved them down, revealing a scarlet thong hugging to her shaved pussy and the rest of her tattoo. I'm going to ride that dick.

Ride it? I asked, arching an eyebrow. What makes you think you can do that?

She stepped out of her skinny jeans and advanced on me. How are you going to stop me, twerp?

Because you don't get to ride my cock until you kiss my butt, I said, turning around. I shoved my panties and wiggled my ass at her. Mmm, just get to kissing and rimming and loving my butthole.

Bryana grabbed me and spun me around. She had a hungry look in her eyes. Her dyed cherry-red hair swayed about her face, the left side buzzed short with a fade. She pushed me against the bathroom door and kissed me with passion.

For a moment, shock rippled through me. She didn't do what I told her. Then her tongue was in my mouth and her hand was on my girl-dick, softening my confusion. She stroked me as her tongue plundered my mouth. I quivered there, making out with my older sister.

Her hand felt so warm on my girl-dick. She fisted it up and down, sending such heat rushing through my body. I gasped in delight, my toes curling, her palm massaged the sensitive crown at the tip of my girl-dick.

My pussy melted. My balls tightened.

Bryana broke the kiss and purred, Twerp, I can do anything I want to you. And you're going to love every moment of it.

I hadn't felt so powerless since I gained my girl-cock. I didn't have my panties, they were stashed in the box just in case Ms. Escamilla opened her present early. Even if I did, I couldn't control my older sister.

She was under Mildred's spell, not mine.

I gasped as my sister shoved me down to my knees, her thong right before my face. The spicy scent of her pussy bled through the cloth. Her belly piercing swayed and her round tits jiggled in her stretch top. Her nipples poked out hard.

Before you get to fuck my pussy, you have to kiss it, she purred, pulling my head to her snatch. Just lick it. Eat me out. Make me cum, then you'll get to jizz.

There was something exciting about not being in charge right now. To have my big sis making me eat her yummy pussy. She pressed my lips into her thong, the cloth wet on my lips. Her spicy flavor bled through.

I hooked the thin cloth to the side revealing her shaved twat. Then I groaned, pressed my face right into her pussy, and licked. My tongue slid through her folds. I caressed my big sister's labia up to her clit.

My futa-cock throbbed from the delight of licking her. It was such a treat to flutter my tongue across her snatch. She shuddered, her breasts jiggling above me. Her hips wiggled from side to side, grinding her hot folds on my mouth.

That's it, twerp, she moaned. Mmm, yes, yes just lick my cunt. Make me cum, and then I'll take care of that sexy dick you got.

Yes, Bryana! I purred. Ooh, I'm going to get you back.

Looking forward to it, she purred. But right now, you're my little slut-sister. My futa-sister whore! Make me cum!

She pressed my face tight against her hot snatch.

I licked and lapped at her with such an eager tongue. My girl-dick twitched and throbbed. I was so hungry for her cunt. So eager to make her explode. My tongue fluttered through her folds while thoughts of having Stacey and Kendall and any other girls I mind-controlled grabbing my big sis and holding her down.

Then she'd eat my asshole out.

It would be such a fun game to play.

I grabbed her butt-cheeks, holding tight on her while she moaned. She pulled off her stretchy top. Her round breast popped out. No bra on. She was so cool and bold to come to school that way. Her perky tits swayed, nipples thrusting hard from them.

I stared at them as I feasted on her, licking, lapping, drinking her spicy cream. The incestuous delight made my cunt clenched. That ache built in my girl-balls. I had such a huge load of futa-jizz for my big sis.

I would revel in the taboo delight of cumming in her cunt.

I thrust my tongue into her depths. She moaned, her back arching. My nose rubbed into her clit as I swirled my tongue around in her juicy twat. Her face twisted in delight. The heat rippled around her. She gasped, her hips wiggling from side to side, smearing hot twat on my face.

Yes, yes, yes, get that tongue in me, twerp! she moaned. Oh, god, yes, you've gotten so good at this, Chloe. So fucking good. I love it. I'm going to drown you in cunt cream.

Yum! I moaned and thrust my tongue deep into her twat. I swirled around in her snatch. 

My tongue danced and swirled in my big sis's twat. I stirred around in her, loving the taste of her. That wonderful and amazing flavor of her spicy pussy. My hands grabbed her butt, holding tight as I feasted on her.

She shuddered, her hips wiggling from side to side, smearing that hot and yummy and oh, so delicious twat on my mouth. I fluttered my tongue through her snatch, savoring every moment of eating her out.

Yes, yes, yes! Ooh, you little twerp! She shuddered. Ooh, you're going to make me cum. You're going to make me explode. It'll be delicious.

Yes! I sucked on her clit.

She gasped. Her round boobs heaved above me. Her cherry-red hair swayed over the fade buzzed on the right side of her head. Her belly tightened. I nursed on her clit. I sucked on it, feeling her rump tensing.

My sister verged on cumming.

I nibbled on her bud and sucked. My tongue clenched over it. I loved hearing her passion growing. The sounds echoed through the room. She shook her head, her hair dancing around her head. Her face scrunched.

Then she bucked. Hot juices gushed out.

Fuck, yes, twerp! she groaned. Lick up all that cream. Ooh, yes, yes, drink it all up. Mmm, you're going to love my pussy on your dick! You've earned it.

I licked and lapped at the incestuous flood gushing out of my big sister. I drank down her spicy cream, loving the sound she made. This excitement rippled through me. I quivered there, my cunt aching and my balls full of all that cum I would pump in her.

Her breasts heaved as she trembled through her pleasure. Her belly piercing swayed and danced. She whimpered, her face scrunching up. My big sister blazed with her pleasure. I was so excited to give this to her.

And now I would fire so much jizz in her.

Damn, she hissed and stepped back, ripping her pussy from my face. She stared down at me. Mmm, you got that cock all nice and hard, don't you?

I stared down at my futa-dick thrusting out from beneath my bunched-up skirt. Pussy cream fell off my chin and landed on the shaft. I looked up at my sister and nodded, licking my lips. That spicy flavor lingered in my mouth.

Good, she purred and advanced on me. I'm going to ride your cock hard.

Yes! I squealed, so eager for this to happen. I shifted around and sat my naked butt on the floor, thrusting my legs out before me. I leaned back into the door. Come ride my futa-dick!

She sank down and straddled me, her eyes twinkling. I groaned and shuddered. I bit my lip, my heart hammering in my chest. My futa-cock throbbed and ached. I grabbed my aching futa-cock. She stroked me, sliding her hand up and down my shaft. The pleasure surged down my shaft.

Then she lowered her shaved pussy towards my cock. I quivered there, so eager for this wild delight to happen. I would have such a huge orgasm on her girl-cock. It would be the best. Her hot pussy lips kissed the top of my futa-dick.

A depraved delight washed over me as my big sister impaled her cunt down my cock.

Oh, god, yes, twerp! she moaned, her pussy squeezing about me. Mmm, that's such a delicious delight.

It is! I moaned, her round tits jiggling before me.

I buried my face into her tits as she sat impaled on my cock. Every inch of me was in her juicy pussy. This taboo thrill rushed through me as I rubbed my cheeks against the inner slopes of her perky breasts.

She groaned and rose up my shaft. Her pussy clung to me. It was the wickedest sisterly embrace ever. I loved it. I moaned into her boobs, my lips smooching at the side of her right one. The pleasure surged through my body as she slammed down my cock.

She took my dick all the way in her juicy cunt again, moaning. My hands grabbed her rump, squeezing her as she rose up me again. Her pussy climbed up my aching futa-cock. My balls twitched and my pussy clenched. I moaned into her slopes.

Goddamn, I love your cock, twerp, she moaned. Mmm, you've become so much cooler since you grew your girl-dick.

Really? I moaned.

Yes, I don't have to pretend we're not related now, she gasped, slamming her juicy twat down my cock. I can be proud of my little sister and her huge futa-cock!

Yes! I moaned, joy surging through me that my big sis thought I was cool. 

I sucked at the side of her breast as she worked her pussy up and down my girl-dick. She rode me with passion. It was incredible to experience. I whimpered into her tit. I reveled in her hot cunt sliding up and down my girl-cock. She massaged me.

Teased me.

Gave me such bliss.

I groaned into her tits, sucking and nibbling on her booby. The pleasure built and built at the tip of my cock as she worked her cunt up and down my girl-dick. That wonderful flesh massaged me. I scrunched up my face, savoring every moment of her pussy massaging me.

She squeezed about me as she rose up then slammed back down me. Her incestuous flesh sucked at me. My pussy loved it. The pressure in my balls grew and grew. My cum came closer and closer to that explosive boil.

I would fire so much cum into her pussy.

Bryana! I moaned. Oh, god, Bryana!

Mmm, I know! she purred, wiggling her hips from side to side and stirring that juicy twat around me. Just explode in me.

Getting there! My fingers dug into her ass. Oh, yes, yes, I'm getting there.

Her breasts jiggled as she rode me. They rubbed into my cheeks. She felt so good. I kneaded her flexing rump and kissed up and up to the pinnacle of her right tit. I flicked my tongue to her nipple and suckled.

She groaned, her cunt squeezing even tighter about my cock.

That felt amazing. She slammed down me, whimpering and moaning as I nursed on her nub. I loved the feel of it in my mouth. Her moans echoed through the bathroom while her pussy squeezed about my dick. She reached the pinnacle of my cock and then slammed down, massaging my spongy crown.

Yes, yes, yes! she gasped. Ooh, you know what I love, Chloe. Oh, god, yes!

My fingers dipped into her crack. I slid down and found her asshole. I circled her puckered sphincter, loving the texture.

Do it! she hissed. Do it, and send me over the edge. Oh, god, I'm going to cum on your big dick, Chloe!

I thrust my middle finger into my sister's asshole.

She gasped as my digit sank deep into her velvety sheath. Her pussy slammed down my girl-cock. She trembled and then her pussy went wild around my girl-dick. That wonderful delight of her cumming on my cock surged through me.

Fuck, yes! she gasped. Chloe!

Her hot cunt writhed around my shaft, her asshole spasming around my digit. I sucked hard on her nipple as my balls tightened. The massaging bliss engulfing my girl-cock surged that rapture to the very pinnacle of my dick.

I erupted into my big sister's cunt.

I squealed around her nipple as I spurted blast after blast of my futa-cum into her writhing cunt. My own pussy spasmed. Juices flooded out to soak my balls unloading all my spunk into Bryana. She bucked, her twat massaging my dick.

Dual pleasures surged through my body. The wonderful delight of cumming with a cock and a pussy surged through me. I savored every moment of it. I whimpered around her nipple, the pleasure hammering my mind.

Her cunt milked my cock dry. She emptied my balls.

Oh, yes, yes, I fucking needed that! she moaned. Ooh, yes, you have a beautiful girl-dick!

I popped my mouth off her nipple to moan, And you have a tight and yummy cunt!

She laughed as I dumped the last of my cum into her pussy. She cupped my face, lifting me up to stare at her. Then she kissed me hard on the mouth. My sister's tongue thrust past my lips. I groaned, kissing her as the pleasure pumped hot through my veins.

It was such a wonderful delight to kiss my sister. My tongue played with hers. She squirmed on me, stirring her pussy around my girl-cock. I wanted to just keep kissing her, but I probably should get back to class.

I broke the kiss and moaned, I need you to forge the nurse's signature.

Well... I suppose. She smiled. You did make me cum hard.

Yep! I said, flashing her a huge grin. Big time!

My sister and I drew on and straightened our clothing. My sister went to the mirror to touch up her makeup. I had left all my stuff in the classroom, so the best I could do was run my fingers through my hair. 

See you after school, I said. Ooh, you're going to hear about the fun I'm going to have.

Did you give those panties to someone? She glanced at me. Stacey?

I winked at her and sauntered down the hallway, a jaunt to my step and a whistle on my lips. Today would be spectacular.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mildred Dean

I shoved my skirt back over my futa-cock, my body buzzing with delight. Athena Pearce marched out of her office, Minako holding the door open for her. The Japanese secretary held Athena's panties in her grip, clutching tight to the fabric.

I smiled as Athena marched off to use that drive to succeed, trailed by Minako. I knew it would be wicked, and I would love to hear about it. I had better things to do. I gripped my panties in my hand and sauntered out, my tangy musk writhing up from the soaked panties.

I stepped into the office, catching a glimpse of Athena and Minako heading to the elevator. My futa must be heading up to the executives' level. She was just going straight to the top. This wonderful passion surged through me.

What would she do up there?

I had other things to do.

I marched through the office, striding past cubicles. I felt eyes lift to me. Did they smell the scent from my panties? Were they wondering what that delicious scent was and wanting more? Or were they just bored and glancing at me as I strode past?

No idea.

I had my destination in mind. I headed to my friend's desk. I popped in on Kyra working at her computer. She turned to face me and she grinned, that worship bursting to life in her hazel eyes. Her short, dark-brown hair swayed about her face. 

Mildred, she said. Ooh, I'm glad you popped in. I could use a break.

I bet you can, I said. So, have you figured out who you want to become your lesbian slave?

It's so difficult, she moaned, leaning back. There are a few choices I can think of.

Well, let's hear them, I said. 

There's Janette. She's the papergirl who delivers to my house. And she never gets my newspaper anywhere near my front door. It's usually in the middle of my lawn. I've seen her. She's this eighteen-year-old cutie that's just talking on her phone instead of doing her job right. She's kind of a bitch, I think. So...

So it makes sense to make her into your pussy-licking slave.

Kyra blushed. I've never had a woman eat my pussy.

You will, I said. You'll love it. because you're a lesbian, Kyra. You love women. They turn you on way, way more than men.

Oh, my god, how did I never notice that, Mildred? she asked. Ooh, making Janette into my slave would be wonderful.

Who else is there? I asked.

You know Dr. Narang, right? she asked.

I nodded. Me and my friend had the same gynecologist. You did introduce me to her. Radha Narang was definitely on my list of women I wanted to fuck. My dick throbbed in my panties. She's sexy.

She is, moaned Kyra. But I was thinking about her nurse, Deana. She, uh, made a pass at me once and it was so flattering. I figure, why not choose someone who's always gay.

So true, I said, my dick throbbing. You know what, get your purse.

Okay, she said, swiveling around and grabbing her purse from her desk drawer. Where are we going?

Why, to see our doctor and her sexy nurse, I declared. I think Nurse Deana is perfect to be your slave.

You're right, she said.

And, for a bonus, we'll make that bratty Janette one of yours, too. I smiled at her. How does that sound.

You're awesome. I'm so glad you're my friend. She stood up and then gasped. Won't Ms. Pearce get mad at us?

Of course not. She's my futa-lover. She'll let me do anything.

Why wouldn't she? Kyra smiled at me. You're just so amazing. I know I'd do anything you told me to.

I smiled from ear to ear. I loved being a futa. I was so glad P dropped off these panties. I was going to have so much fun with them.

I offered Kyra my arm. Together, we sauntered out of her cubicle and headed to the elevators, my futa-dick aching and throbbing with passion that would explode out of me. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Vernica Escamilla

I screamed out in orgasmic bliss.

My body came hard. My pussy convulsed. Juices gushed out of me as I soaked my panties. My chair rolled back from my desk, creaking. It hit the whiteboard behind me. I heard my students all gasping out as I bucked through the pleasure.

Mierda! I howled, the pleasure rippling through my body. It was so intense. So passionate. Hijo de perra!

I couldn't believe how amazing this felt. It blazed through my thoughts. It melted my mind. I gasped and moaned, my pussy convulsing. Juices gushed out of me and soaked my panties to the waistline. They hugged me. They grew so tight.

Ms. Escamilla? gasped my students. You okay?

I was vaguely aware of them moving towards my desk, staring at me with caution. But I couldn't focus on anything but the pleasure bursting through me and how tight my panties were getting. They were squeezing about me as I grew and grew.

Mierda, que es eso! I felt something bulging my panties. It throbbed and ached as it grew with the pleasure that surged through my body. I shoved my hands down.

Felt a cock.

I squeezed this big, throbbing dick through my soaked panties. I gasped as my orgasm hit a wild peak. My students were clustered around my desk. They were staring down at me as I groped myself through my skirt.

Tengo una polla! I cried out. I couldn't have a dick, but I did. Hijo de perra!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Figure smiled in delight.

How very interesting. Vernica Escamilla got her panties, but this was a fascinating turn of events. Though the Figure had crafted the panties for five specific women, it didn't know how they would get to them from Mildred. 

That was half the fun.

It quivered as it watched the Hispanic teacher gasping and moaning through her orgasm. The Figure rubbed its hands together, eager to see what would happen now that her students were clustering around her. 

To be continued...
