Exhibitionism Leads To Adventures
by Satsumabook123

Exhibitionism Leads To Adventures Ch. 01

An 18yo has an adventure following flashing.

I was nearly 19. It was the last day of term, which was my last day ever at school, I decided to really up the anti. With my heart in my mouth and a slightly moist pussy I flashed Mr. Spiers with no panties on. It certainly increased his interest and he did seem to loose concentration on a couple of occasions. What I thought was my final interaction with the gorgeous Mr. Spiers was as I left the classroom I slipped my knickers into his bag and told him I had left him a memento.

As I walked away from the school gates a vehicle pulled up next to me and smiling Mr. Spiers offered me a lift home. I said I thought he was not allowed to have any involvement with his pupils outside of school. He smiled a huge grin and said

"At 3.30 when the school bell rang you ceased to be a pupil. I ask again do you want a lift home?"

I was delighted and went to get into the front seat. The vehicle was large and had three rows of sears well spaced out. He said I should sit in a specific seat where he said he would be able to keep an eye on me. It took me a minute to realize what he was saying. The central mirror was adjusted so that I could see him and more important he could see me. I now knew why I was in this seat and settled back and spread my legs. I had brought a spare pair of knickers and had worn them so as not to risk flashing my pussy accidently. I wanted to put on a show for him and started by rubbing myself through my knickers. Very quickly I wanted to be even more naughty and moved my hand inside them to rub my excited pussy.

Much to my surprise he told me to take my hand away but to take my panties off so he could see me. I was now feeling highly stimulated and delighted with how things were turning out. At this stage he pulled over into a rest area where people parked to go walking. It was empty and he pulled up to one end. He looked at me in the mirror and said.

"Would you like me to stay here in the front or join you in the back?"

I knew what the implications of my answer would be and could barely get my answer out I was so nervous. He knelt in front of me and gently pushed me back lowering himself so his head was between my legs. The first contact of his tongue and lips on my pussy was electric. He licked around the whole area making what was not already wet, wet. This done he concentrated on sucking, licking and nibbling the area around my clit. It was heavenly and I told him so. Although I had never had an orgasm from oral sex I was still surprised to find I was not racing towards one.

On reflection I think he was teasing me enough to keep me highly aroused without risking bringing on an orgasm. He carried on for what seemed hours before pulling me slightly towards him and pushing my wide-open legs up towards my chest. I felt very vulnerable as my bottom was spread wide-open right in front of him. He now moved his tongue straight to the very middle of my dark crinkled anus. No one had ever gone near this orifice and I was shocked by how wonderful it felt. His tongue was firm and flicked at the sensitive skin. He did add a finger to my clit as he kept the licking going. Eventually he pulled away and sat back with a huge smile and just studied the whole area.

"Do you want more my dear?"

"Yes please Mr. Spiers it feels wonderful please don't stop."

He seemed very pleased with this answer and resumed his work but now on my pussy and clit again. There was no obvious change in what he was doing from the first time except he did keep a finger gently playing with my anus. However, I was now sure that if it carried on for long I would be certain to cum. Usually I do not sense my orgasm until a few seconds before it hits me but this build up was like climbing a gentle slope to get there rather than a sharp mountain. When my body finally succumbed to his expert toying there was no violent spasms just a feeling like waves washing over my whole body time and time again. It was almost gentle without those sharp peaks. I am usually very verbal and noisy as I cum but I think I just repeated how wonderful it felt over and over. It wasn't spectacular but the feeling afterwards was one of complete satisfaction. He gave me time to recover before saying

"Are you are virgin my dear?"

"If it would make you feel better if I answered yes then yes."

We were now both laughing and it was nice. I was hardly shocked when he knelt up and pulled his trousers and pants down his legs. He was fully erect and appeared quite large. From somewhere he produced a condom that he quickly applied. He did give me a questioning look as if asking for permission, which I gave with a gentle nod.

He entered me with surprising ease and settled into a very pleasant rhythm. It was not demanding but felt very comfortable. Again there was not the urgency that my younger lovers had usually shown. We had got this far and he had not yet seen what I always think of as my best assets. I pushed my blouse and bra up around my neck in one movement. My boobs are not very big but every boy who has ever seen them say that my rock-hard nipples are stunning. From his reaction Mr. Spiers agreed with those who had gone before. He shifted himself so that he could play with my receptive nipples.

This took the stimulation to a new level. His prick seemed to be finding new places inside me to excite and my nipples were talking to my clit. It had never occurred to me that I might cum again; this was just letting him have his pleasure. I could see him sense a change in me and with a condescending smile he found my clit with, I think, it was a thumb. Within seconds I was on the steep slope to the summit.

"Be a good girl and cum for me."

I was almost annoyed that this was all it took but very quickly this changed to welcoming my orgasm. This was quite different to the first. I raced to it and my hips starting thrusting uncontrollably. They kept thrusting even after the six or so sharp spasms crashed through my body. The orgasm was over quickly but my hips kept thrusting and I realized that he was just about to cum. It was lovely to see his orgasm face make him completely unable to maintain his air of supremacy that he always showed.

There was no gentle romantic touch afterwards. He did give me a warning.

"Your exhibitionist streak could land you in some serious trouble unless you watch out."

I decided to fight back a little.

"Well if what just happened was serious trouble I might just risk it. I have to admit for an old man you did a very descent job."

He took me home and as I got out, from the front seat, he wished me well for my future. Even as young as I was I did not need telling that what had happened was a one off and that there would be nothing more between us.

My sister, two years older than me, greeted me at the front door with a huge smile. She also waved and smiled at the departing car.

"So you were his pupil of choice this year were you?"

I genuinely had no idea what she meant and pulled a questioning look.

"Did he take you to "Little Meadows" on the way home?"

"Ah, yes he did how did.......?"

"Did you let him go down on you? I hope you did he really is rather good at it."

"What makes you think that?"

"Oh I do hope you don't think you are the first. He brought me home from school after the last day two years ago. Last year Emily who lives on the corner had the same treatment. It is rumored that we were not the first two. So come on spill the beans. Did he, did you let him, what happened, was it good?"

I shared ever last detail with my big sister. We compared the experiences we had had with Mr. Spiers and both laughed plenty about them.


Exhibitionism Leads To Adventures Ch. 02

Ex boyfriend exposes exhibitionist.

One of my ex boyfriends identified my exhibitionist streak very early in our relationship. In fact I think the relationship began due to my exhibitionism but that is another story.

He loved to work out ways of involving my interest in our sex lives in very inventive ways. The simplest was giving me what he called mallgasms. We would spend time in the mall with him trying to ensure that I flashed as many men (and boys) as possible. I would never be allowed to wear panties and my skirt had been modified so that he could access my bottom and pussy while looking relatively innocent.

I remember the first time well. He had teased me sexually before we even got to town. He was quite aggressive at exposing me when we got to the mall. He had not touched me for over an hour when he sat us down on a small bench at the top of the escalator. Even so I was highly aroused and felt the slipperiness between my legs as I walked. He positioned us as if we were enjoying an innocent cuddle but his hand was able to play with my pussy without being detected.

He set about arousing me as much as possible. In addition to fingering my very wet pussy he also remembered and fantasized about things we had done. He said he was going to force me to orgasm right in front of a witness. I was coiled like a spring and ready to explode on his fingers. He teased me about how cumming in front of someone would appeal to my exhibitionism. I knew he was very right.

We could see the whole escalator and as a man started the accent my boyfriend said that this was the man. It was not the first time this man had come up and past us, he had shown great interest in us the first time. The idea of being forced to orgasm in front of this stranger was overpowering. I wasn't even sure I could hold it back until he reached us.

"You are to make eye contact with him, smile and keep you eyes open while you cum. Do you understand?"

I could barely reply but it was not really necessary. The man held my gaze well before he left the escalator. He seemed to be looking straight into my soul. I was sure he knew that I was about to orgasm and I was determined to show him. I kept looking in his direction but wasn't sure if my eyes were open. I tried to stop my hips from thrusting but this was difficult as the violent spasms threatened to dismantle me.

I know I was moaning loudly and my boyfriend laughed as he covered my mouth with his hand. As my orgasm hit full force he pinched my nose meaning I could not breath. It made the orgasm even more intense. I have to admit it was an extraordinary orgasm: strong, violent, long lasting, devastating and deeply satisfying.

It must have been ten minutes before I could consider trying to walk on my shaking legs. My boyfriend promised to fuck me silly when we got home and he did not disappoint.

I think we repeated this two or three more times. On a holiday he insisted on fucking me on the hotel balcony. We could be seen and heard from at least 50 of the hotel rooms around. I enjoyed it and got many knowing smiles the next day. After we broke up I missed the sex and am ashamed to admit that I offered to have sex with him with no strings attached. I knew his new girlfriend and it appealed to get one over on her.

He agreed saying we would meet at the mall and take things from there. I wanted to be fucked by his gorgeous cock not fingered in public. He said no problem he knew where we could slip into a changing room, which offered some privacy.

We sneaked in on the pretense of me trying on a skirt. We were in the last cubicle where no one would pass by accidently. He sat on the chair facing the curtain and pulled his trousers and pants down to his ankles. He insisted that I mounted him also facing the curtain with no clothes on. To be honest I was so excited he could have insisted on almost anything. His big prick fucked me slowly and deeply and I was quickly right on the edge of cumming.

"Just imagine there is someone standing in front of us watching us fuck. I think you would cum like an express train wouldn't you?"

"You know I would I am so close and I do love an audience."

I was confident no one would hear us as we had not heard anyone enter the area. That was until the curtain pulled open and his girlfriend stepped forward.

"You told me she was a complete slut but I did not believe you could convince her to fuck right here in public."

He had hold of me so I could not get away. I don't think I would have dismounted even if I could have. I was seconds from a full-blooded orgasm. She stepped forward again and slapped me across the face. She seemed to enjoy this and repeated it three more times. As these were landing I was powerless to control a long powerful orgasm flowing through my body.

"Don't you dare cum inside her, she doesn't deserve it."

I didn't really understand this comment but he pushed me off his lap onto all fours. She closed her legs around my head and neck holding me still.

"Now you can come inside her but do so in her bowels."

I was no anal virgin but was taken back by this. I was being held between a woman's legs while her boyfriend was about to enter my bottom. My orgasm had left me sexually satisfied and even his entering my bottom did nothing to change this. He fucked me firmly but not viciously and I could sense him building to his much-needed climax. The grip was now more around my neck and she had pulled me up underneath her. As she moved again my neck was covered in warm fluids. She was pissing on me.

He obviously saw what was happening and lasted only a few more strokes before pushing very deep and squirting inside me. They were nowhere to be seen by the time I regained enough composure to look outside the cubicle. It was probably the only time in my life that the words of Mr. Spiers rang true in my head. It was a defeated me that crept out of the area feeling very vulnerable as one of them had taken my panties and bra.





