The creature isn't a vampire, it's something else, something new and distinct but close enough to vampire that the word must apply. It is almost offensively male, a long black wool coat like a cape to flick out behind him in Donna Karan flashes, and the hat to cover the scar on his face, where it looks like something was cut away.
Dean's close enough to see the teeth, canines like a dog but otherwise human, and the eyes are honey yellow as Dean slowly tips his throat. The creature, the vampire, runs his tongue the length of the muscle in a hot wet stripe, "you must be prepared to sin," the creature's voice is a low gravel, a deep syrupy accent and Dean wants to strike, to attack, to kill, but he's held in those eyes, the flash of daylight off those teeth, the promise of violence in the hands that clutch him by the arms.
Oh god, he thinks, i'm the chick in Fright Night, "because if you aint sinning, you aint having fun."
Preaching to the choir part of Dean thinks, the other parts just wants - he's not even sure what.
The vampire pulls his hat off his head and slips it down on Dean's, backstepping into the quiet corner of the bar, smelling of whiskey and sweat and promise and lust and Dean knows this is it. He's seen Fright Night after all, "so tell me, kid," the vampire drawls, pushing his thigh between Dean's legs, hard enough that he has to know how hard Dean is. "Are we having fun yet?"
The room is spinning. Dean is caught in those eyes, the colour of butter blushed through with honey and those endless pupils. The skin is olive where vampires are usually pasty, but he is golden tanned. And then there is the teeth, the way that they catch at his tongue when he kisses, the smooth perfection of them, the way that they're almost human, just a touch to long.
Dean's man enough to admit that perhaps that this thing's inhumanity is part of the attraction.
Part of him is saying that this thing is putting the whammy on me, the other part doesn't care as it rides the creature's legs slowly, looking like he's dancing to the music he's sure must be playing behind him.
The hands on his hips feel like they're touching naked flesh, hard and scoured, callused with bitten nails and that hint of wool against the wrist. Dean's sure he can feel it against his skin through the jeans.
It's like he's naked. It's like he's the only person in this dank club. It's like they're the only people in the universe and all that matters is the smell of it, the taste of it, the feel of the air like blankets around them.
The creature, without letting go his grip, like clamps on his hips, jumps, up, through the glass of the skylight like batman in reverse and Dean can't help but feel that it's hot. The air is suddenly crisp and empty but it just makes the creature smell richer, red wine, whiskey, pennies, salt and virility as he openly mouths at Dean's neck. He pulls him in, tugging at him like he's naked, that the bruises are as much the point as this, head tilted back Dean can't help but think, what will it feel like, how will it taste if he bites me.
"You have to tell me," the vampire, the creature, dhampir perhaps, drawls in that honeysuckle voice of his that is like broken glass in syrup. The one that goes straight to Dean's balls and lies there heavy and hot, "the sins we can commit, the things that will linger against that soul of yours, things that atoning for will be worth it."
"Fuck me," Dean grunts into that voice, those eyes, the flash of teeth, the blood he knows is staining his teeth as the creature, broad enough to make Dean feel thin, tall enough to tower leans over and knocks the hat from his head, teeth nipping the tender flesh of his ears, sharp enough to bleed, to burn with bloody heat.
"Is that all you want, kid?" the vampire says and his teeth graze the skin over the neck, pulled taut and the cords straining.
"How do you want to sin?" Dean answers, no intention of being a passive victim in this, he can give as much as he takes.
The vampire, creature, dhampir, casts his head back and laughs and more than anything Dean wants this man, vampire, creature, dhampir, under him, cock spearing him, hands like wooden blocks holding his hips hard enough to hurt, one against the small of his back, and teeth flashing in the light as he grunts and groans.
Oh he wants the thing to fuck him, he can behead it later if it turns nasty, but it's such a small word for what he wants, coarse hair along the outside of his thighs, pubic hair like wire scouring his balls as he bounces, the pull of muscles only used for that. Those rough hands, that honeysuckle voice that feels like it scours away the outermost layer of skin, and the promise of violence, the threat of it. Oh, yes, Dean thinks, fuck is the only word he has, but it's not what he wants, not the very least of it.