WASH-A-BOY

BY JAMES BONDAGE 007

This story is inspired by and freely based upon the fiction
"Wash-A-Kid" posted by EW.

Little Tommy just couldn't believe that his own parents had
allowed him to meet such a strange and new experience. That
machinery system, they were told, was about to start a true
revolution among families around the world. And they
enthusiastically delivered their only son in order to test it!

Tommy's hands were held up above his head, his wrists held firmly
by plastic straps to a pair of cables that came down from the
ceiling. His feet were bound, too, with his ankles strapped
tightly. The little boy had to stand on his tiptoes on two small
blocks that just allowed his toes to stay on them. So Tommy's
body was essentially stretched wide in a X shape.

Tommy was completely naked. The only things he was wearing were a
latex bathing cap that held very tightly his hair underneath it
and a pair of orange swimming goggles that protected his eyes. A
strip of very strong surgical adhesive tape applied to his lips
was keeping his mouth shut and sealed.

The little boy had never felt so helpless, so captive in his
entire eight years alive. He tried to look around him and examine
the surroundings, since when he was brought in there he barely
had the time to understand that he was indoor somewhere.
Tommy was in a small room or chamber with floor and walls tiled
in a milk-white tone. The floor had some openings around his
feet, on sides, in front and behind. On the walls, floor and
ceiling there were many openings too, but he just couldn't
imagine their purpose - yet. Some sort of heating system was
working there, too, so the boy was comfortable at least about
that.

Suddenly, a loudspeaker cracked and a metallic voice spoke:
"Welcome to the Wash-a-Kid Automating Cleansing System, Six To
Ten Male Model. This system was made by RoboWash Ltd, Ropeville.
You won't need to do anything, the system will work in full
automatic mode. You are now about to experience the latest
technology applied to the needs of families that understand the
importance of hygiene and health".

Helpless and mute Tommy felt like he was in the torture hall of
some crazy and perverted scientist who was about to perform some
weird experiment on his little unprotected body. How could Mum
and Dad have accepted to turn him in to such a thing? Well, it
was true they had been promised an adequate amount of money,
since RoboWash needed subjects to test their latest prototypes.
And his parents just wouldn't have let him get hurt - would they?

He heard some buzzes around him, and the loudspeaker voice added:
"The system will now begin its routine with Phase 1 by applying
our special soap. If your eyes, hair and mouth aren't protected
please speak the word 'Emergency' now". Just for a test, Tommy
tried to say the magic word. Only a pathetic and faint mewing
escaped from his nose. He couldn't know it actually, but the tape
holding his lips sealed was that particular kind that's used in
cosmetic surgery in order to keep stitches where they are meant
to be in patients who have just undergone surgery in their mucous
membranes. That gag would have come off only by applying some
particular chemicals.

So totally helpless, Tommy couldn't do anything about his
predicament. The buzzing slowly became a whir. He deeply inhaled.
His experience was about to begin.

From six of those openings in the walls around the little boy
long spray wands like those they use in a car wash emerged and
extended towards his body. The things started to spray him from
all sides with warm and soapy water. The wands went up and down
Tommy's body, covering him all in soap that was neither too
bubbly nor too watery. The wands were directed by the program so
that the boy was sprayed from first one of them, then another.
The soap scented like chamomile and clinged to Tommy's skin. It
felt-well, not exactly good, but comfortable anyway.

The wands retracted. Tommy suspected the routine had only just
begun. He was right. From one opening on the floor on front of
her, another wand emerged and moved up towards his helplessly
exposed private parts. He managed to glance around and behind him
and saw in horror that another of those things was coming up
towards his rear end, too!

The water hits stung him from both ends at the same time, one
aimed to his belly button and the other to the corresponding area
of her back. It was pressured warm water with a different sort of
soap mixed in it. Tommy tried to jerk away as a reflex, but he
immediately understood that there were no use to it; moreover,
the treatment wasn't really hurting him. The wands had started to
move and tilt while aiming the water streams slowly up and down
the boy's body. Each tilt went a little higher towards his
nipples and shoulder blades, and a little lower towards his
already stiff penis and buttocks. Soon the boy was feeling it
right there. Helpless as he were, he squeezed his eyes closed in
his goggles and tried to close his tights - uselessly. The
unstoppable stream was shamelessly spraying his pubis and rear
end now. He felt all the horror and the outrage of the situation
- and there was nothing he could do against it! Where were his
Mum and Dad? Were they secretly watching him by means of some
video camera? Did they know what those machines were doing to
him? Or were they just waiting somewhere, without even suspecting
what they had condemned their son to?

Suddenly the water stopped, right when Tommy was starting to
think the streams were about to squarely penetrate his body from
behind. He looked down at the instrument before him. He heard a
whir and saw it twist a little. Holding his breath, the little
boy waited for the next move of the thing. It stayed like that
for some seconds, silent, in front of the helpless little body.
Then it struck again, aiming a much tighter stream of colder
water right on Tommy's pubis. The thing behind him attacked the
very top of the crack between his buttocks. It was pulsing now.
Tommy was feeling like he'd never felt before as the horrible
things were hitting his tender privates again and again. He had
lost contact with his foot resting places, so he was hanging by
his wrists. Luckily, a child is such a lightweight that such a
position can be tolerated for some time. However, Tommy managed
to be on his feet again as soon as he could. The fact he wasn't
in real pain just added offence to offence. Helpless to stop the
streams while they started to go slowly downward, the
eight-yer-old boy lifted his head to the ceiling and tried to
scream his head off. The faint sound that his nose produced made
him feel so more humiliated. He was feeling like he was something
between a car at the wash and a kitten that was being sprayed
with a gardening hose.

Meanwhile, the shameless stream of water stinged on and began to
force its stream right onto his testicles and into his behind
hole. His spread legs were unawarely trying to clench and hide
his shameful erection and protect him against these outrageous
violations, his gagged cries echoed all within his skull while
those pulsating streams went on working against his sex and anus.
Tommy had never touched himself down there before, and just plain
hated when he had to take suppositories up his rectum. But now he
was feeling electricity crossing his brain and nerves while his
body was shaking without any more control than the one his bonds
provided. What was happening to him?

Minutes after, the devilish streams that had just almost raped
his front and back stopped. The little boy tried to look down at
himself, hoping not to see any injuries. But no, he was
relatively all right, no blood, no marks, just some of that water
dripping down from his stiff little member and anus. His muscles
didn't ache, he was rather feeling like he'd just had a session
of stretching gymnastics. His feet were getting tired, too, so he
decided to let his weight down from his arms for some seconds.
Meanwhile, he thought about all the plenty of new sensations that
he was experiencing.

Tommy had never felt like that in his whole life. While the water
gurgled down the openings in the floor and then a loud silence
filled the room, he got his feet down again on the blocks,
regained full control of his breathing and wondered what was to
happen next.

The two wands were still in their position. Tommy stared at the
front one. It looked as if it was staring back, and sort of
gloating. Very uncomfortable.

The wands finally retracted back down their openings in the
floor. The little boy found himself alone again, dripping in
silence. His breathing was slowly returning normal, more or less,
and he considered his situation. He was there, tied, gagged and
goggled, hanging in a bizarre chamber and at the mercy of some
monstrous automated machine called "Wash-A-Kid". It had just
soaped and watered him down, plus it shamelessly dared to deeply
wash his most private and secret places too. Who in the world
could have conceived such a thing, and what was its purpose meant
to be? Was being washed in it going to be just the next Century
way to have a kid perfectly cleaned, or rather a sort of
punishment for kids that don't like to take their daily bath?

The loudspeaker cracked again and that same metallic voice said,
"Phase 1 over. Phase 2 will now remove all traces of dirt from
the skin while applying an invigorating massage".

Fascinated Tommy heard some more whirring and rumbling of
machinery all around. From two side openings in the floor new
instruments emerged. They were thick mechanical arms. The things
reached upwards as Tommy watched helpless and mute. The boy's
eyes blinked in disbelief while he saw that at the end of each
arm there were rolling brushes. They immediately set to work on
Tommy's lower calves, scrubbing gently but firmly up and down his
unprotected legs, front, back, in and outside them. The boy
shaked and tilted his head around without being able to do much
more. The machine, obviously, wasn't touched by that at all.

The treatment started to work its effects. Tommy was feeling his
skin become warmer and warmer because of the brushing and
massaging. Meanwhile, the two things slowly were going up his
legs. The boy started to get doubtful. What would those brushes
have done to him once they'd reached his more delicate parts? But
such a thing was not to be. The things stopped right at the base
of his butt and retracted back into the floor. A couple seconds
after that, two openings in the walls at Tommy's sides came to
life and produced a pair of big hourglass-shaped horizontal
rolling brushes that begun extending towards the helpless little
body. A horrified Tommy closed his eyes in anticipation as the
rollers began to spin and to close without any shame around his
waist until their ends began to meet around her. Tommy's arms
pulled helplessly on their straps as those object were brushing
their way down to his hips-uselessly. No escape was in sight.

The rolling brushes released their pressure momentarily, but only
to reverse their rotation. They once again closed about Tommy's
hips and started brushing their way up the sides of his body,
partly extending their touch to his front and back too, following
precisely the contours of the little boy's waist. As they moved
higher, Tommy started to worry about what'd have happened when
they'd got to his nipples. Mum always told him they were delicate
things, that's why she never was allowed him to stay
bare-chested, even at home. But he was to be spared again. The
rollers stopped their massage just barely below the sensible
bits. They then retracted into the walls again. Tommy sighed in
relief through his nose. His skin felt hot where it had been
massaged.

Next the little boy heard something moving behind him. It had to
be another rolling brush, he thought, and tried to look behind
him somehow. It was a roller all right. With a whine, it started
to spin and brush Tommy's body starting from the back of his
waist. But now- what was that?!? With a shock, the little boy
realized that brush had an extra refinement on it: a pair of
somehow coarser ridges that were firmly massaging his spine. The
brush rode up his back and to his shoulders, pushing his body
forward in his bonds until he was bowed as far as he could
stretch, his feet off their rest places. Then it reversed its
spin direction and started to go down, still pressing forward
upon him. Tommy hoped that thing would have stopped before
getting to his butt, but it didn't. The boy soon realized in
horror the true purpose of those extra ridges in the brush. As
the thing was working its way down his ass, stretching his body
even farther forward into a strict bow, that part of the brush
entered plainly his butt crack, firmly massageing and brushing
her there too - deeply.

Finally, after an apparent eternity of such a treatment, the
brush pulled away from the boy. His small body stayed there, limp
in his bonds, as the roller's pressure went away. Tommy could
hardly think, his skin felt hot from the massaging. The room was
starting to get misty, or maybe the machinery was exhaling steam
in order to soothe his skin some. Right then, while he was
getting on his feet again, a thought hit him - some of his body
hadn't been brushed yet!

Those mechanical noises began again. Where would the next assault
have come from? Tommy hadn't to wait for long. The new brush that
emerged from the wall before the boy luckily had no extra ridges
and, unlike the back roller, didn't push him so he could stay on
his toes without having to bow backwards. It began its routine
like the other ones did-from his tummy, down, up, reverse, down
again, up again. While it worked "down" Tommy was puzzled by its
delicateness - after the treatment that had been given his rear
end, he'd have expected some similar thing applied to his stiff
penis. But no, it just lightly brushed its exposed head. It
worked liberally on his chest, though, causing his nipples to get
hard and stay that way. When the thing retreated, Tommy worriedly
looked down without knowing what he'd expect to see. No damage,
just his pointily erected little berries and an embarrassing
erction. He had never seen them like that. He deeply sighed
through his nose again. But the real surprise was yet to come.

The next set of brushes emerged from the front opening in the
floor. It was a hourglass-shaped roller installed at the end of
the usual mechanical arm. It started moving and positioning
itself horizontally, between the boy's thighs like some sort of a
saddle. A horrified Tommy understood what was going to happen and
tried very hard to squirm away, to yell for help, anything. No
use again: his bonds and gag cruelly kept keeping him very
effectively.

That latest brush worked differently from the previous ones. It
was softer and rotated sideways rather slowly, reversing its spin
direction every fourth turn, and in the meantime moved along its
rotation axis and with a tilting trajectory too, thus gently
brushing the boy's privates forwards and backwards too. Although
it wasn't painful at all, the boy felt like the machine was
torturing him in a way he'd never suspected that could be
conceived; yet she somehow ancestrally knew by instinct what was
happening to his body. The brush slowly tilted around his crotch
and butt crack, alternating its devilish massage between those
two areas. Tommy couldn't help whining softly into his gag. His
body had started acting on its own, without need of any control
by his brain. He felt very, very hot and flustered and dizzy
while the devilish machine untiringly went on making almost love
to him.

Tommy came to his full senses again when the brush stopped its
massage and pulled away from him to disappear down the opening in
the floor. Hanging from his wrists again, his feet off their
blocks, he was heavily panting as much deeply as his nose allowed
him to. That thing had just literally played his little testicles
like a fiddle. He felt happily tired, but not tired in the usual
way. It was as if something good and mysterious had just happened
to him.

It wasn't over, though. The voice from the loudspeaker announced:
"Phase 2 over. Next phase will give some extra stimulation in
order to improve the developing of body". Tommy didn't quite
understand that, but then he saw some new instruments appear and
coming down from the ceiling and getting right before him.
Installed at the end of another mechanical arm, there was some
strange clear plastic thing, connected with clear plastic hose
that disappeared into the ceiling opening. Tommy's eyes became as
wide as they could as the arm gently extended and offered a
tube-shaped object towards his erection so that it was perfectly
positioned around his hard little penis. Obviously, the little
boy couldn't imagine that the name of the instrument was
suction-tube. He tried out of instinct to move his groin around
in order to avoid the strange thing, but then he saw that the
mechanical arm simply followed him around. He sighed and gave
himself over to the instrument. The tube was clear plastic or
acrylic, in a tulip shape. Its edge was rimmed with red rubber to
insure perfect hold and suction. Suddenly Tommy felt something
introducing itself between his butt cheeks. He tried to look down
and behind him, but just couldn't understand what was happening.

The mini buttplug and the suction tube worked perfectly together,
with an exact and steady rhythm. It was as if the tube sucked the
plug in and out of Tommy's rectum. His now painfully erected
penis sent his brain mixed messages of agony and joy all
together, messages he could understand only in part, while his
little rear hole was stimulated syncronously to it. But Tommy
couldn't do anything to make his penis feel better quickly. He
had to wait and suffer embarrassing pumping action that slowly
stimulated his stiff organ. He helplessy looked down at his
captured little erection through the clear plastic that had
imprisoned it. He was not in reat pain, but he felt tortured
again - because it was a torture, wasn't it?

Tommy's gag was effectively blocking all sorts of whines and
moans in the little boy's mouth - and his nose just couldn't let
most of his excitement sounds escape his head. His eyes wide
open, he was seeing the head of his painfully stretched penis
slowly darkening and stretching even more into the tube, together
with his hairless testicles that rhythmically moved up when the
machine vacuumed and down when the machine released. And every
vacuuming brought a gentle push of the mini plug with it as
perfect company.

So those diabolical machineries were making love to Tommy again.
How long had this gone on for? The exhausted little boy, in tears
and hanging from his wrists again, couldn't tell until something
unexplained happened and his little body shuddered in agony. He
looked down and saw his erected penis trapped inside the cruel
suction tupe spitting some thick white substance until it covered
the inside of the tube. The pump kept sucking on until all boy
semen was stolen from his little suspended body and sucked right
into the torturous machine.

Finally this step of the treatment was over too. "All too early
yet", Tommy thought without really wanting to think it. His
throbing penis was free again. His rear end hole was delated and
stretched open but empty again. The little boy was alone again.
He breathed deeply and tried to gain his usual breathing pace
again.

The voice from the loudspeaker spoke again while the little boy
got on his feet again: "Final phase: drying and guarantee. Thank
you for using our Wash-A-Kid service. Robowash, Ltd hope you will
be our guest again in the future". The latest machines Tommy was
about to see emerged from almost all directions and started to
dry him off by blowing abounding warm air on his skin. Tommy
could hear some vacuuming noise as the misty and steamy air was
sucked out of the chamber.

The air flows that were gently caressing his skin felt good and
dry, just perfect. The little boy was tired some, but he was
happy the treatment was almost over. He also wanted - needed? -
to sort out and make an inventory of all those new sensation he
had got to know while he was at the mercy of those weird
machines.

Tommy was so engulfed in his thoughts that he almost didn't
realize that the drying phase was over. A sharp thump called for
his attention right after the dryer machines had gone away. All
noises around him had ended. No more machinery in sight. Only
"guarantee" was left. The little boy wondered what it could have
been. After half a minute of that perfect silence, Tommy heard
some door opening and a young lady in a white smock entered her
sight field.

"So, Tommy, it's nice to see you nicely, perfectly cleaned
without need of any intervention by human hands. The only phase
that cannot be done by machines is this one: the applying of our
Guarantee" the smiling lady explained while she removed the
goggles and cap from Tommy. She left his tape gag there, though.
Tommy could see that the lady had a name badge on her smock. It
read "Sheila". She had a small package with her, too. She opened
it and showed the mute boy its contents.

The first item was a little bra, made of very thin semi-clear
rubber. It had no shoulder straps, just a single buckle that had
to be done up behind the wearer's back, and that made it possible
putting it on the still bound little boy. Tommy noticed at once
how it rubbed against his still erected nipples. He whined into
his gag again. It was so embarrassing to be made to wear a girl's
bra. Sheila explained: "Just a little present by Robowash, since
you've been such a brave little boy. But now, the last touch" she
stated and, ignoring the gagged complaints that were coming from
Tommy's nose, took some strange, thin plastic object from the
box. What was it? Horrified Tommy understood it right while
Sheila was fixing him with it - it was a crotchrope all right,
made of that kind of plastic they use as cable- ties or
disposable flexi-handcuffs. The diabolical thing was cleverly
strapped on his body by Sheila, first around the base of his
testicles and then between each one, separating them painfully
and then another cable-tie around the base of his stiff penis and
again around its aroused, swollen head, tightly that he was
feeling as if it was being sawed in half by it.

"This way you'll be positively sealed up and guaranteed as
perfectly clean until our guarantees are removed" Sheila
explained. So Tommy had just been so cleverly cleaned, soaped,
brushed, massaged, stimulated and dried, front and back, up and
down, and now he had his seal of guarantee that testified that.

Only after the diabolical strap had been tightened firmly enough,
Sheila brushed the boy's blond hair some, then used a small
bottle of solvent in order to remove the adhesive tape from
Tommy's lips. The little boy stretched his jaw and lips, but
didn't dare to say anything. His hands and feet were then freed
and he could go into the next room to get dressed again. As soon
as he was alone there, he tried tugging at his cruel crotchstrap.
He gave up at once, though - tugging at it only made it feel
worse. He just had to keep it on under his ordinary clothes. He
decided to keep the rubber bra on too, because he liked the way
it was rubbing against his nipples. Walking, however, wasn't so
easy while so crotchtied.

"Just remember: you shouldn't remove the guarantees from the boy
here before you all are home," Sheila instructed Tommy's parents
as she handed them a small glass vial containing the boy's semen.
His parents requested this specifically so they could all
remember their son's first ejaculation. They had also been
explained where the nasty strap could be cut off without causing
any problems. And the staff lady added smiling, "You should let
him think about it all for some time, too. In the end, we hope
that he'll feel like coming to be washed up again by our
machineries".

Tommy needed to think plenty of thoughts indeed. And the worst
thought - or the best one - was that he already hoped to go there
and be cleaned again in some days. And he was ready to know much
more about his body.

