Cal Goodman was not a stupid man, he knew that if you crossed the wrong person in Buteland your life could be made hell; if it was even allowed to carry on. Whether on purpose or not, he had crossed Argentos by not losing the fight and now he knew he had to get out of dodge before the Peruvian businessman could find him. There were one or two people who could hide him for a few days while the furore calmed down allowing him to head out of town safely.
He knew going back to this apartment was a mistake but he had to get his stash bag. Dressed in a dirty red hoodie, denim jacket and a pair of jeans, he stood across the road from the apartment entrance for an hour before approaching; there was no sign of anyone entering or leaving the building. He rushed across with the hood over his head to avoid being recognised and entered as swiftly as he could.
The sight that greeted him was shocking, his entire world had been torn apart and his possessions were littered everywhere. Argentos must have sent a crew to tear the place apart looking for a clue as to where Cal was or where he was going to go. Luckily the boxer was smarter than that and didn't leave anything around the apartment besides his 'Get Out' pack; this consisted of a bedroll, a gun and a bag of cash which he kept under the floorboards. His eyes shot to the table where the television used to sit, it looked untouched.
Cal breathed a sigh of relief as he walked to the table. There was no time for being neat anymore and he threw the table off to the side, the cover revealing itself as the legs of the table moved away from the floor. The prizefighter pulled the floorboard up to reveal an empty hole, they must have discovered it and taken it. He closed his eyes to think for a moment; he didn't have very long to decide what to do when he heard a trigger click behind him.
"Put your hands up and turn around very slowly." the female voice ordered.
Cal shook his head in disappointment with himself as he did exactly what the voice had ordered to him. He turned slowly expecting to see several people but was greeted by just one, a very beautiful brunette woman who he recognised instantly.
"Olivia. What a lovely surprise."
Olivia Munn was well known around Buteland as a socialite and, more importantly, as Argentos's wife. She and Cal didn't have much to do together but they had brushed shoulders a few times over the years as Cal had done a few extra curricular jobs for Argentos besides being a boxer. He had never imagined seeing her in his apartment; especially pointing a gun at his head.
"Olivia? How informal for someone who has just fucked over my husband."
"All I did was win."
"You don't win. You never win. You're incredibly reliable in that sense."
"I don't see how I could be held responsible for punching harder than the other guy. QMaybe Mr Argentos should choose his fighters a bit better."
"He gets Mr Argentos and I get Olivia? Maybe you should understand your audience a little bit better."
Olivia smiled at him as she saw the advantage she had. The momentary pause allowed Cal to take in the beauty of the half-Filipino. Her hair was perfectly straight and she only wore a little bit of makeup to highlight her natural beauty, she was considered one of the most desired women in the City and it was easy to see why. Her body was encased in a white wrap dress that showed off every curve, not the bustiest girl Cal had seen but her body looked incredibly fit.
"Look, I'm just a fighter. I only did what came naturally and I haven't stolen anything off him. Now I just want to leave and start a new life" Cal pleaded.
"You put a massive bet on yourself."
"I always put a bet on myself." He shot back.
"But this time you went all in and made a killing; he has noticed it's already gone to Switzerland. My husband tried to block it but it had already gone through, he didn't expect you to have brains. In fact, he now thinks you drugged Darren and he's putting him through a full drug test. The poor guy won't last much longer than that I'm afraid."
"I didn't drug him, he was just green and made his weaknesses too obvious."
"Weak chin, didn't protect his body and was looking for an early knockout; you knew he couldn't last long."
Cal nodded his head with shock at her analysis.
"Don't give me that look, women can like boxing just as much as men. We're not all distracted by strong, ripped bodies." Olivia said as she leaned forward slightly, showing a hint of cleavage to him. "Now take your clothes off."
Cal looked at her quizzically before the woman waved the gun to urge him to get on with it. The boxer slowly took off his hoodie and top to leave him topless in front of her, part of him knew what was going to happen as Argentos had a habit of leaving naked corpses as a message to others to not mess with him. He was soon down to his underwear and looked at the woman again. She nodded her head in a way to tell him that he wasn't finished and let out a huff of breath, he didn't want to die naked. He slipped his fingers into the waistband of his underwear and slid them down his legs, his semi-erect cock coming into view of Olivia.
Cal had never taken steroids as he was never a body guy so he had never suffered the side effects and had a decent-sized length in his pants. A smile came across Olivia's face as she looked at his cock even if it was only semi- erect. Cal was unsure what to do when Olivia placed the gun down on the side table before rising from the chair. She wasn't as tall as him but she wore a big heel so her face was almost level with his own. She approached the boxer and ran her finger along his chest as she started to walk around him.
"My husband may count himself as a businessman but everyone knows what he is. I obviously won't say it here because who knows who you might be working with." Olivia said as she stopped momentarily behind him.
Her touch was soft and it was clear she had manicured hands. She ran it with the lightest touch on his skin and it was having the desired effect on his body as his cock started to get towards its full hardness; he could feel Olivia looking at it over his shoulder. He knew he should go for the gun but he wanted to see where this went as he didn't want to hurt her.
"No one knows what I am though. Do you know what I am?" Olivia asked as she reached round to his front and looked down at his now erect 8-inch cock.
"Beautiful," he said instinctively before composing himself. "I know you're very persuasive. I've seen plenty of guys come to Argentos with fury in their eyes before you calm them down and they leave the best of friends."
"You have a keen eye. The truth is independent, I run my own 'business' that Argentos isn't even aware of. The truth is you made me a lot of money as well as yourself. Soon, I won't need him around anymore."
Olivia walked back to the chair slowly as though she was strutting for Cal. He took a moment to look at her in the tight dress and checked out her ass, he was sure she wasn't wearing anything underneath because the dress was so tight on her body. The boxer licked his lips as his cock stiffened up at her body. He wasn't sure what her game was as she picked up the gun and placed it into his bag.
"Argentos's time here is coming to an end soon; I'll need someone reliable when I take over from him," Olivia said as she closed the bag and slid it across to the door. "You've killed for him and you have no other future so I will make you a deal."
Olivia turned around to face him as his hands disappeared around her back and slid the zipper down.
"You're gonna go free and disappear for a few months so I can put my pieces into place. Then I'll call you with your next instruction. You will be my go- to man for any dirty work I need to have done. Do you understand?"
Cal nodded his head as he watched Olivia slide the straps off of her shoulders. She stopped it from sliding down past her collar bone as she bit her bottom lip.
"And you need to be able to fuck well. So come fuck."
He stayed in place as Olivia pushed the dress down her body and dropped it to the floor. Her body looked an absolute marvel and was very toned with a light tan to it; he immediately noticed the lack of any tan lines. Her breasts were not large but had nice brown nipples that were quite pert. He looked down past her flat midriff to see that she had left herself clad in a micro thong and her heels. Olivia giggled at his dumbfounded reaction to her naked body before walking across the apartment to his bedroom. As his eyes looked at the entrance of the room, he saw the thong fly through the air.
Cal looked at the bag before moving his view to the door; it wouldn't be hard for him to escape out of the door and go to his new life away from all the elements of Buteland that had kept him locked in a life of misery. But Olivia was a knockout and, if her words were true, his life could be about to change. And the woman currently nude in his bed was a better quality of woman than any other that had previously inhabited the room.
"Fuck it!" he mumbled to himself as he walked towards the bedroom.
He walked into the bedroom to the sight of Olivia leaning back on the headboard; she had not attempted to cover up her body at all. Her legs stretched out on top of the duvet up to her pussy, a neatly trimmed line of hair resting about her sex. His eyes moved up her body from her flat stomach and pert breasts up to her face. The serious look that had covered it during the conversation in the lounge was now replaced by one full of desire.
Cal strode over to the bed as Olivia spread her legs to give him easier access to her pussy; it was obvious she wanted to concentrate on her pleasure first to see if he was good enough. The fighter was more than happy with that and lifted her right leg to his mouth. He kissed her ankle gently before starting to move on to her calf. Olivia moaned as Cal moved up her leg, softly kissing her smooth skin; his hand idly stroking the left to match the sensation she was getting from his touch.
Halfway up Olivia's thigh, he got his first whiff of her scent, the girls he'd been with before smelt skanky and used whereas Olivia was different. Olivia's smell felt fresh and perfumed; filling him with a desire he hadn't known in a long time. Cal released her right leg and moved to her left where he started to kiss along it to match his previous actions. Olivia let out a loud moan as he neared the top of her thigh, his hand creeping up her right leg before sneaking under. The boxer lowered himself down towards her pussy, the intoxicating smell becoming more potent with less space between them.
"No more teasing!" Olivia said breathlessly as she watched Cal get closer to her. "Give me your tongue."
Happy to comply, Cal moved his arm under her left leg and came closer to her pussy. He took a big intake of breath to take in her aroma before running his tongue along her slit. This caused Olivia to let out a long slow moan as she felt his tongue run along her nerve endings. It had been such a long time since she felt a tongue down there that she yearned to feel more and her head dug into the pillow as she felt his tongue move in between them. Cal ensured only the tip of his tongue moved in between her pussy lips but he allowed it to slowly explore her insides.
Olivia closed her eyes as she enjoyed the feeling of Cal moving his tongue inside her, feeling more of it enter as he got comfortable in his position. She spread her legs more to allow easier access but Cal moved them back to their original position so they pressed against his head. The boxer dug his tongue deeper into her pussy spreading her lips wider, her moans increasing in volume. He pressed his tongue against her sliding it out and giving her lips a quick kiss.
"How does that feel?" He asked as he looked up at her smooth body.
"So good. Now I want you to make me cum." Olivia replied as her hands pulled at her nipples.
As she moaned again at the pleasure she gave herself, Cal returned his head to its original position and started to rub his fingers along her body again. Olivia grinded her body along his finger as he gently rubbed to excite her as her clit started to reveal itself. Cal r
eached out with his tongue and started to run it along her clit, causing the woman underneath him to take a sharp intake of breath. She got used to the feeling as he pressed a little harder on her button as his tongue moved in an anticlockwise direction. She couldn't resist pressing her legs against his head as she felt the pleasure go through her.
"Oh that's what I want. Just there." Olivia said as she felt him press harder on her clit.
She enjoyed the feeling of her pussy being licked and Cal would occasionally lower his tongue down and run it along her pussy lips as they were just as sensitive and the pitch of her moan would increase. As he pushed her along, Cal would taste her juices come out as he gave her a lot more attention. The boxer slid two fingers into her pussy with ease as the slick juices covered them. The moaning increased as he trusted his fingers into her, ensuring a certain pace was kept up to pleasure her more.
Cal was able to shoot a look up at Olivia's face as the beauty had her eyes closed as she took in all the pleasure. Her brown nipples stood on end and Cal was tempted to suck on them but he wanted to concentrate on the job at hand. He did like to see how they moved up and down with her breathing, he noticed they got with the amount of thrusting he did with his fingers.
Cal wanted to take it up a notch and added a third finger into her pussy causing her moans to get louder and started to turn into little screams. He could sense she was getting closer so increased the speed that his tongue made contact with her clit. Olivia encouraged him with her moaning and started to push her body down onto his tongue. Her screams started to get louder as Cal's head started to bob as he concentrated on the nodding; he kept his fingers lodged in her pussy and occasionally gave them a wiggle to remind her they were there.
As he pressed down hard, Cal could feel her clit start to recede and her breaths get noiseless as her orgasm went through her body. Her juices covered his fingers before he pulled them out of her and some covered his chin as he made a final lick along her slit. The boxer leaned up onto his knees and locked eyes with Olivia, he made a point of pulling his hand up and licking her juices off his fingers. Olivia smiled and laughed at this.
"That was very good, I do feel I need to keep you around."
Olivia reached down to his cock and pulled it into her. Both moaned as she writhed along it but Olivia kept her eyes locked on the boxer.
"You don't get to fuck me today but feel that pussy, you'll get to fuck it as long as you keep me happy. Do you think you can keep me happy?"
Cal was about to answer before Olivia dropped herself down to ensure the full length of his cock went into her. He took a moment to compose himself.
"I will."
"Good." Olivia replied with a smile before she pushed him out of her. "Now I have to ensure your safety until my plans come to fruition. Get your clothes on and stay in this bedroom until my men come"
"And what are you doing?"
Olivia smiled as she stood up from the bed and walked to the bedroom door. She swung her ass from side to side to ensure his eyes went there to watch her before she spun around and leaned against the door frame.
"I'm going to go kill my husband." Olivia replied with a giggle.
Cal leaned back against the bed as Olivia disappeared and smiled.
Olivia Munn walked back to the living room where her head of security waited for her. He opened up the long beige coat and put it on her arms before stepping back to allow Olivia to do the coat up and ensured her body was covered.
"How was it?"
"Very acceptable. He'll do whatever I ask now, Cal knows I've just saved his life."
"So what do you want me to do with him?"
"Get him out of the city for now. Keep him safe. We'll bring him back after the plan has been enacted."
He nodded his head as Olivia breezed past him to leave the apartment and return to her front as the trophy wife.