Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Thirty-Nine: Baiting the Naughty Fairies
Summary: MF MFFF MFF FF HF inc oral facial anal A2P breed magic fantasy
Keywords: To escape the trap of the fairies, Kurtis must attract their attention with what they crave most: cum.
Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Kurtis  The Haunted Forest

There's no getting out if they don't want you to, Lupiz said. We're trapped until the flutterwings get bored and let us go. But they never will let us go to Drakin Castle. That's where they play.

That's where we need to

My dragon-mother put her finger to my lips, cutting me off. I blinked in surprise at that. She had just cut me off. That wasn't like her. She was a submissive dragon. I had tamed her years ago. So why was she doing that?

Then I saw her blue eyes. She held warning in them.

She leaned against my ear and whispered, Pin me to the tree and fuck me hard, Master. Just pound me. Take me with all your passion.

I trusted my mother. This was strange, but I would go with it. I didn't dismiss her chastity belt. I could still fuck her cunt with it on her. It just kept her clit under control. She had a plan, and I would go with it.

Because I needed to get to Drakin Castle. The fairies might be a bonus. They were on my list to breed. While not a single-sex race, they were Las's children. He had fucked Cernere, Goddess of Crime, and created the beguiling and enchanting race.

I thrust my mother against the tree. Cut me off, slut! You're mine. If I want to just fuck you hard, I will.

Sorry, Master! Mother moaned as her big boobs quivered. 

I ripped open my robe as she stared at me with such lust in her eyes. My dick throbbed before me, aching to just ram into my mother's cunt. Into the pussy that had brought me into this world. It was always a special treat to to hammer her cunt hard and make her explode on me.

My dick thrust out before me. It bobbed with my pulsing heartbeat. Her eyes lit up at the sight of it, such lust burning in her depths. She flicked her tongue over her lips and smiled at the sight of me. I grinned and cupped her face. I kissed her with hunger.

My tongue thrust into her mouth. I kissed her with hunger. My tongue danced around in her mouth as she grabbed my dick and pressed it into the wet folds of her pussy. She hooked her left thigh around my waist, pulling me into the incestuous heaven of her cunt.

I plunged into my dragon-mother's cunt.

She groaned into my mouth as my thick shaft filled me. Lust rippled from the others. The werewolves all whimpered, my sisters both groaned, and the rakshasa quivered. Only Nephi was focused on the threat of the fairies. 

She was a delicious one. Fierce and loyal. I was glad to have tamed her.

I bottomed out in my mother's cunt. Her pussy clenched around me. She held me in her tight embrace. I loved the feel of her around me. She had such a tight cunt. Just an amazing and juicy snatch. I loved it so much. 

She squeezed her cunt around me. It was a fantastic delight. She gripped me with that delicious snatch. She held me tight as her other leg wrapped around my hips. She squeezed her thighs around me as I fucked into her.

It was a hot delight to have her squeezing around my dick. She held me tight, her cunt gripping me with passion. I pumped away at her. I fucked her with passion. It was an amazing delight to hammer her cunt. Just a wondrous delight to plow into her. I fucked her hard.

She kissed me. Whimpered into me.

Her hands stroked my back.

The others watched on as I thrust into her cunt.

Mother broke the kiss, gasping. Master! Oh, Master. Gods, your cock is stirring up my cunt!

I know what you love, Mother! I growled. You love cumming on your son's dick.

I do, Master! she moaned, her twat squeezing down hard on my dick. 

I plunged away at her cunt. I fucked her hard. I buried to the hilt in her snatch again and again. I fucked her with everything that I had, the bliss building and building at the tip of my cock. That ache that would have me spurting all my cum into her snatch.

Gods damn, I moaned. Your cunt, Mother!

Her blue eyes sparkled, her azure hair spilling about her face. She whimpered in delight as I pounded her cunt. I fucked her with everything that I had. I pounded her hard and fast, the tree groaning behind her.

I loved pounding my mother's cunt. To be in her pussy again was delicious. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I fucked her with passion. It was incredible to be in my dragon mother's pussy. To fuck her with all this force. I loved the feel of her twat gripping my dick. I pounded Mother with all my passion.

I'm going to cum on your cock, Master! Mother moaned, my nuts slapping into her taint. Is it okay if I cum on your cock, Master. Please, please, may I!

Gods damn, yes! I snarled, filling my mother's orgasm building and building in her as I fucked her hard.

My dick ached in her cunt, the pressure swelling at the tip of my dick. Her pussy squeezed about me, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. She had such a delicious snatch. I savored that wonderful sheath massaging me.

Her orgasm hit that bursting point as I rammed into her, my balls slapping it her taint. Her arms and legs squeezed about my body. she held me tight as she exploded around me. Her cunt went wild around my dick, suckling at me.

Las's big dick! I groaned, her pussy suckling at me.

Cum in her, Kurtis! Lasla moaned, her passions the strongest of them all. Just jet all that cum in her!

Yes, yes, flood me, Mother moaned, her pussy going wild. She nuzzled her lips into my ear, nibbling on me. Matar's big girl-dick! Cum in me with all your seed, Master! All my son's jizz!

He buried into my mother's spasming cunt. She rippled around me, suckling at me. I hit that bursting point and erupted in her. My cum spurted into her incestuous depths. Her cunt nursed on me with such passion.

I groaned with each spurt of my cum into her cunt. I flooded her with everything that I had. I groaned as she whimpered into my ear. She licked and nibbled on me as her cunt worked out every drop of cum my nuts had.

Mother! I groaned, savoring her cunt milking me dry.

Mmm, my hunky son fucked me so hard, she moaned. Her tongue licked my ear. Then she whispered, Fairies are attracted to sex and sexual fluids. Male and females both. We need cum and pussy juices just gushing about the forest.

Right, I groaned and sent lust surging out through the others. They all squealed in delight. I dismissed my mother's chastity belt next.

I ripped out of my mother's pussy, still spurting cum, and fired jizz up her body and splashed her tits. She groaned as I fired the final blast of spunk that sprayed all over her boobs. I hosed her down, coating her in spunk.

Then I whirled around. Nephi, Naryu, and Pradu, come and lick my cock. I need you three to lick my dick. I wanted to cum on your faces.

The werewolves fell on each other, Moon and Lupiz falling in a sixty-nine while Vixen and Silver started tribbing, humping those cunts together. Lasla pounced on our sister, kissing Pyrriah with passion. 

As you command, Master, Nephi moaned, her pussy suddenly bursting with delight. 

Mother's girl-dick grew. It thrust out of the folds of her pussy, her clit-cock swelling bigger and bigger. She moved behind the three kneeling before me. Nephi was in the middle, her tawny mane of hair spilling around her fierce and beautiful face.

Pradu was to the right and Princess Naryu to the left. They pressed their cheeks against the sphinx's as all three leaned in to lick my cock. I groaned as Nephi lapped at the bottom and the swarthy rakshasas lapped at the sides. Their human tongues all slid up my dick soaked in my dragon-mother's juices. 

It was incredible feeling them lick and lap at me like that as Mother fell to her knees behind Nephi and rammed into the sphinx's pussy. Mother groaned, her big, cum-coated tits heaving. She had such delicious breasts that were swaying back and forth.

I loved the sight so much as my mother fucked Nephi hard. The sphinx and the two rakshasas lapped at the crown of my cock. Their three tongues bathed it. This was so hot. I loved it so much as the crown of my dick throbbed.

Gods damn, that's good, I groaned. Mmm, just lick my dicks. I am going to bathe your faces with cum.

Yes, yes, bathe their faces, Master, Mother moaned, her huge tits bouncing as she swayed. She fucked Nephi hard and fast.

The sphinx moaned, her face contorting with her pleasure. She was licking at the crown of my cock while the rakshasas were licking and lapping at the side. They both made me feel amazing. I loved it. I shuddered at what they did to me.

Then Nephi swallowed my cock. She suckled my dick into her mouth, moaning as my dragon-mother hammered her cunt. The sphinx moaned around me as she bobbed her head. The rakshasas licked and lapped at my sides as the pleasure shot down my shaft.

I groaned, my balls savoring the pleasure of their tongues and Nephi's mouth. The sphinx bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. I groaned while Mother fucked that sphinx's cunt hard, Nephi moaning and groaning.

She ripped her mouth off my dick, moaning, Your dragon-mother is fucking my pussy so hard, Lord Kurtis! She's just hammering me with that big hermaphrodite-dick of hers.

Good, I groaned as Princess Naryu engulfed my dick next.

The swarthy and gorgeous rakshasa suckled on my cock. She slid her lips up and down my dick, nursing with such hunger. I loved what she did to me. How she pleasured me. It was incredible to have her blowing me.

Nephi and Pradu licked and lapped at my shaft. They massaged me with their wicked tongues. I groaned, loving every moment of it. This heat swept through me. I shuddered, savoring the bliss they gave me. 

Gods damn, I groaned, my nuts tightening. You three are going to make me cum.

All over those wonderful faces, Mother moaned. You must drench them in your cum, Master. Mark those whores as yours!

Gods, yes! I panted, Princess Naryu sucking hard on my cock.

She worked her royal mouth up and down my dick She was such a great cock-sucker. I loved that I had tamed Queen Athirmi's daughter. A big smile spread on my lips as she loved me, my eyes on my dragon-mother's heaving breasts dripping in cum.

Nephi moaned, getting fucked so hard by Mother. The sphinx licked at my shaft with her wet and rough tongue. I shivered in delight at her strokes. Princess Naryu slid her lips off my dick with a wet plop then handed my cock over to Pradu.

She swallowed my dick with hunger. The former slave-master turned submissive slut sucked on me with passion. She moaned her delight as she bobbed her head, Princess Naryu and Nephi lapping at my shaft.

Mother's orgasm built and built as mine did. The others were moaning around us. I swelled towards that moment of explosion, savoring Pradu's mouth around my dick. She had such an amazing mouth. My nuts twitched.

I'm going to cum! I growled, not holding back.

Yes, yes, beg him to jizz on your faces, sluts! Mother moaned, her clit-dick hammering Nephi's cunt.

Yes! moaned the sphinx. Lord Kurtis, cum on our faces.

Pradu ripped her mouth off my cock and moaned, Jizz on us, Master!

Coat us in your spunk, Lord Kurtis! squealed Princess Naryu, her cheek pressed against Nephi's. 

I groaned as Pradu fisted my cock. She pumped her hand up and down me. I shuddered, my nuts tightening. Her hand slid up to the pinnacle. She caressed that sensitive tip. I burst with rapture. My cum exploded across their faces.

I painted from Princess Naryu to Nephi to Pradu. I coated her in such passion. I savored all the pleasure that shot out of me. It was incredible. Stars danced across my vision as I spurted over and over again.

Gods damn, yes!

Lord Kurtis! squealed Nephi. Her orgasm exploded in her cunt. Her pussy went wild around my dragon-mother's clit-dick. 

I kept spurting as my mother ripped her cock out of their cunts. She stroked her shaft and erupted across their asses. As I painted their faces, Mother coated the three slaves' plump rumps with her pearly hermaphrodite-cum. 

Her boobs heaved as he did that. I groaned, watching as she did that, my cock going dry. I shuddered, my pleasure burning through me. This heat blazed across my thoughts. It was such a perfect delight to enjoy.

I shuddered, my heart beating such a wild passion. I suckled in a deep breath, dizzy with the lust of this moment. It was such a hot passion. I was thrilled to enjoy it. I licked my lips, savoring every moment of spurting cum on their faces. I fired my last blast.

I shook my head, panting my delight. Gods damn, that was good. And don't lick it up. Leave it on you.

Yes, Lord Kurtis, the three moaned, their faces dripping in my cum. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

Gewin's big dick! I moaned, my pussy going wild around Kurtis's dick as she fucked me against the three. My twat suckled at him.

Gods damn, Pyrriah, he groaned and ripped out of my cunt.

I blinked as he aimed his cock up at my tits and erupted.

His cum fired across my boobs. He splashed my round tits with his jizz. My cunt writhed, aching to be filled with his cock and seed. His hot spunk basted my boobs and ran over my curves. I trembled, the tree creaking.

Red light burned in my hair as my orgasm blazed through me. I hit that peak as my brother kept coating my boobs in his jizz. What was he up to? He had some sort of plan. That was clear. I shuddered, savoring his jizz coating my boobs. I loved having his cum on me.

I just loved it in my cunt more.

I shuddered as the last of the cum splashed on my tits. I panted, leaning against the tree. I didn't know what he was up to, but he had this wicked gleam in his blue eyes as he stepped back. A few drops of jizz leaked from his tip.

We were all splattered in cum. His cum. Our dragon-mother's girl-cum. 

Then a fluttering sound filled the air. In a ripple of golden dust, two purple-haired women appeared with matching butterfly wings. They had pale skin that glittered with motes on them. They both had elfin and youthful faces, almost girlish.

With a squeal of delight they both grabbed my tits. They leaned down and licked at the cum dripping down my tits. They lapped with such glee, their ass wiggling from side to side as they gathered up my brother's spunk.

Kurtis? I gasped as I realized that they were the fairies that had trapped us in this strange, disorientating space. Is this...?

He winked at me as they were licking at my tits. They lapped up to my nipples and suckled the cum off them. I groaned as they nursed on me like that. It was so delicious, face contorting with the pleasure of their suckling.

Oh, gods, that's amazing, I whimpered. Yes, yes, that's fantastic, your little cuties.

They were both nursing on me. Suckling on me. They had such gleam in their crystal-hued eyes. I groaned as their wings fluttered. They suckled at me with such hunger. My brother had this hungry look in his eyes as he stared at their asses. Their cunts.

He was about to breed some fairies. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I grabbed the hips of the fairy on the right, her butterfly wings fluttering. My dick was so hard. I pressed my dick into her hairless pussy, so ready to fuck the naughty fairy. I rubbed up and down her cunt with my big dick, feeling her lust for cum.

I thrust into her.

She squealed in delight as her tight cunt gripped me. She held me with that silky twat. I drew back my hips, loving the feel of her gripping me. It was such a thrill to fuck the fairy's pussy. To slam my dick into her and give her a taste of true passion.

Ooh, ooh, that's so good, she moaned. Plumdrop, what an amazing cock is in my pussy.

Mmm, the source of all this cum, Plumdrop groaned. How fun. Such yummy cum.

So good! agreed the fairy I fucked as she licked at my sister's tit, gathering up all that cum that had spilled over her breasts. I love it.

Lucky, Flutter, Plumdrop groaned as I sent in her a new desire. Ooh, I have to try her pussy.

She dropped to her knees and buried her face into Pyrriah's red bush. She licked and lapped at my twin sister's cunt. Delight flared in my twin's blue eyes. She grinned at me. I winked at my sister as I fucked Flutter's cunt hard.

I thrust my dick into her cunt. I fucked Flutter with hard strokes, my balls slapping into her hairless cunt. I felt the pleasure that rushed through her. The delight she took at being pounded by my dick. It was a thrill to be in her. To fuck her like this.

I pounded her hard and fast. I fucked her with everything that I had. I thrust into her cunt with prowess. I buried into her over and over again. I slammed into her cunt, loving that tight fairy-twat around my dick, my balls slamming into her clit.

She moaned around my sister's nipples, suckling hard as I fucked that hot cunt. Flutter gripped my dick with that silky snatch. I loved it so much, my nuts tightening as I pumped away at her cunt. I fucked the fairy hard.

Oh, Gods, that's good, moaned Pyrriah. Oh, Plumdrop, eat my pussy. Feast on me.

So yummy, moaned Plumdrop. Almost as good as that cum that was on her tits.

Mmm, purred Flutter as I pounded her.

I fucked her with force, her wings flapping. They brushed my arms, leaving purple dust behind. Gold glittered in the air as she nursed on Pyrriah's nipple. My sister moaned while around us, other fairies were arriving to lick up all the cum that had been sprayed on my other women.

Mother's plan was working.

I reveled in that as I fucked Flutter hard. I buried my dick to the hilt in her cunt. I fucked her with passion. I buried into her with everything that I had. I wanted her gasping in delight. I stroked hard into her snatch, my nuts. I ached for it.

I wanted to breed this naughty fairy. To knock her up. My cum boiled in my balls, eager to be unleashed. I plunged into her hard and fast. I fucked into her twat with such force. I rammed into her snatch again and again. The pressure built and built.

Her orgasm swelled, too. Her twat squeezed about me. 

It was amazing to feel her pussy massaging my dick. My balls slapped into her over and over again as I watched the pleasure on my twin sister's face. Fire rippled through her hair. She would bust with climax. She would explode.

Oh, yes, yes, my sister moaned. Oh, Plumdrop, that tongue... That tongue is going to make me cum.

Yes, she will, I groaned, swelling my sister's pleasure, bringing her to her orgasm faster and faster. 

Kurtis, she moaned, her eyes meeting mine.

I winked at her. She was starting to notice my touch. I loved that. 

I slammed into Flutter's cunt hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her pussy. I slammed deep and hard into the fairy's cunt. I loved it so much. I plunged over and over into her. I was about to cum in her. I needed her to explode.

I nudged her.

Flutter's fertile pussy burst with delight. Her cunt writhed around my dick. I shuddered, burying into her snatch. I loved the way her twat suckled at me. She nursed so hard on my sister's nipple as her cunt worked at my shaft.

Yes, yes, yes, gasped Pyrriah. She threw back her head. Gods damn, yes!

Her orgasm burst through her.

I loved it as I drove my cock into Flutter's cunt. I buried deep into her snatch. I plunged to the hilt in her cunt and erupted. As my sister squealed out her climax, my cum fired into her cunt. I pumped her pussy full of all that jizz in my balls.

I emptied them in the fairy. I pumped her cunt full of my cum. She moaned around my sister's nipple, suckling hard. Wings fluttered as the naughty fairy milked my cock. Flutter's horny cunt nursed out every drop of spunk in my nuts.

Gods damn, I groaned as I bred my first fairy. Gods damn, that's incredible.

I know, my sister moaned as she shuddered. Kurtis!

I grinned at my twin as my dick unloaded the last of my cum into Flutter's pussy. I dumped spurt after spurt of cum into her snatch. My mind melted with the pleasure as I fired the last of my cum into the fairy's twat. 

You have cum in your pussy, Flutter! moaned Plumdrop.

Oh, sister, come eat me, moaned Flutter.

They were sisters? That was even hotter.

I ripped out of Flutter's cunt. She fell on her hands and knees. Plumdrop turned her head and buried her face into her sister's cunt. That explained why the boy had purple hair and wings. I shuddered as I watched the creampie action.

I moved behind Plumdrop as my twin sister panted, her tits rising and falling. Almost all the cum was gone. I grinned and winked at her. This was going great. I pushed my cock, wet with Flutter's pussy juices, into Plumdrop's butt-crack.

Fuck her ass, Kurtis, my twin sister purred. Mmm, and there's so much fun going on.

I nodded, fairies everywhere licking up the cum from my women. Pyrriah pushed off to find her fun. To give these fairies a treat. I loved it. This would be magnificent. My dick throbbed with my excitement. 

I pressed the tip of my dick into Plumdrop's asshole. I loved how her anal ring widened and widened. Her asshole stretched and stretched as she licked my cum out of her sister's cunt. That was such a hot thing to witness. 

I groaned, sliding my cock into Plumdrop's bowels. Her anal sheath gripped my cock, lubed by her twin sister's pussy cream. I sank deeper and deeper into her twat. I loved the way her cunt squeezed about me. Held me.

Yes, I growled, my heart pounding in my chest. That's it. Las's big dick, you like that.

I do, Plumdrop cooed. Ooh, Flutter, his dick is in my asshole.

Enjoy, groaned Flutter. Ooh, lick that cum out of my cunt. Just get it all out of me.

I will, sweet sister!

I bottomed out in her asshole. Her anal sheath gripped me. She held me tight as I drew back. She groaned, holding me with her delicious bowels. The pleasure shot through me. I slammed forward, burying to the hilt in her anal sheath.

Her wings fluttered while she moaned into her sister's cunt. She licked and lapped at that cum flowing out of her sister's twat. It was such a hot sight to see. I pumped away at Plumdrop's asshole. I fucked her hard. Fast.

Gods damn, I growled, savoring that anal sheath squeezing about me.

Yes, yes, yes, Plumdrop moaned. Ooh, that's so good. That's amazing. Yes, yes, fuck my ass. You're so hung. Yes, yes, what a hung human.

So hung, sweet sister, Flutter moaned, her purple wings twitching.

I grinned, loving the passion I felt swelling in Plumdrop's pussy. She burned to be fucked by me. To cum. I thrust away hard and fast at her bowels. I pounded her with everything that I had. I held nothing back.

I wanted her to cum. To explode on me.

I pumped away at her with my cock. I fucked her with everything that I had. My dick speared into her asshole. She gripped me with her velvety asshole. It was incredible having her bowels massage my dick as I fucked away at her.

My balls slapped into her flesh, full of all the cum I would fire into her asshole. I rose toward that orgasm. I hurtled closer and closer to erupting into her anal sheath. It would be incredible to dump all my spunk into her pussy.

I would breed her, too.

I'm going to cum on his cock! moaned Plumdrop.

Mmm, make me cum on your mouth, sweet sister, Flutter groaned.

Yes! Plumdrop started suckling. She nursed on her sister's clit. I swelled the pleasure in Flutter.

She hurtled towards her orgasm as her twin sister built to her own climax. Her bowels clenched about me, massaging me. I loved the feel of Plumdrop's velvety asshole. That amazing sheath brought me closer and closer to my explosion.

I slammed into her and sent both fairies over the edge.

Plumdrop! squealed Flutter, her pussy convulsing. Her juices bathed her twin sister's face.

I grinned at that as Plumdrop gasped in delight. Her bowels convulsed around my dick. She suckled at me, nursing, so eager for my cunt. She massaged my cock, bringing me closer and closer to bursting.

I ripped my shaft out of her asshole, shifted down, and buried my dirty dick into the fairy's cunt.

Ooh, what a naughty trick! squealed Plumdrop, her cunt writhing around my cock, buffing me clean of her ass. I love it.

Good! I growled and erupted.

My cum fired into her fertile pussy. I threw back my head, groaning as I pumped blast after blast of jizz into her cunt. I loved the way her flesh rippled around me. She had such an amazing snatch that nursed at my dick.

Gods damn! I groaned as the pleasure slammed into my mind.

I swayed, dizzy from the rapture. My head swayed from side to side as I erupted again and again. I pumped my cum into that rippling cunt. The pleasure nursed at me. I groaned, my chest rising and falling as I enjoyed this delight.

Damn, damn, damn, I groaned, looking around the grove at the other fairies playing with my women. That's incredible. Las's big dick, you fairies are naughty.

So naughty, Flutter whimpered. And so are you. Ooh, that's good. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I ached for a male to fuck me. I needed a big dick in me. 

The buzz of wings, not the flutter of butterfly wings, but a hum, filled the air. Then a male fairy appeared with green hair and dragonfly wings. He knelt before me and bowed, his face pressing almost into my black-furred muff.

My lady, I smell your need for a male, he said. I am Oakheart, at your service.

Eat my pussy, Oakheart, I moaned, so glad to have him here.

Gladly, my lady, he groaned and buried his face into my snatch.

I shuddered. He had dragonfly wings, gossamer and translucent, his body slender but still masculine. There was a beauty about him that made me so wet. Then his tongue stroked through my pussy folds.

Not as thick as my brother's. It was almost dainty, but also nimble

I gasped as he licked my pussy with a fluttering that was stimulating. I groaned as he gripped my hips and teased my pussy lips. He brushed my clit, adding bursts of delight that showered through me. I groaned, savoring every moment of this.

He feasted on me with such passion. I gasped as he almost had as much zest as my brother. I could feel Las's blood pumping through the fairy. I whimpered, my boobs jiggling as he feasted on my cunt with such hunger.

My lady, what a delicious pussy you have, he groaned.

Good, I moaned, swelling his desire to make me cum.

I want nothing more than to make you cum with my mouth, he said, his cock throbbing hard. I could feel the ache at the tip.

How wonderful, I purred. Eat me, Oakheart. Make me cum on your mouth. I need that so much, too. I want so much to drown you in my pussy juices.

Yes, yes, I desire that so much, my lady, he groaned into my cunt.

His tongue thrust into my snatch. I loved the feel of him licking and lapping around inside of me. I shuddered, my face contorting with the delight that he gave me. He did such wicked things to my cunt. I shuddered, grinding my furred muff on his face. 

The pleasure coursed through me. It was outstanding to feel him devouring my juices. His dragonfly wings fluttered as he thrust his tongue into my snatch. I groaned, squeezing my twat down around him. This wonderful heat swept through me.

It was just the perfect delight to have rippling through my body. I groaned, loving everything that he did to me. The fairy had such a tongue on him. I groaned, loving how he licked and lapped at me. It was such a rush. A true thrill.

My face contorted in delight. My breasts rose and fell. It was outstanding to feel her licking and lapping at me like that. It was just amazing to have that tongue diving through me. I loved every moment of it. My face contorted with delight.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Oh, that's incredible. You're doing such an amazing job.

Thank you, my lady, he groaned. Cernere's black cunt, you have such a yummy twat.

I know, I groaned, flaring his pleasure. You just want to worship me. Yes, yes, that's your desire.

It is, he groaned, his eyes shining with delight. His wings fluttered faster. 

Oakheart at me with such gusto. The fairy worshiped my pussy. I loved every moment of his tongue licking and lapping at me with such fervent delight. I groaned, my back arching. This was incredible to enjoy. I loved it so much. I wanted to cum on his dick. To just explode with rapture. He drove me wild with his licking. His tongue danced through my flesh.

I groaned, loving what he did to me. My twat clenched about his tongue as he probed into my wet depths. He swirled around in me, stirring up my cunt. My round boobs jiggled as he sent pleasure rippling through me.

Now my clit! Suckle on my clit! I moaned, shuddering against the tree. 

Yes, my lady! Oakheart flicked his tongue to my bud, his green eyes sparkling.

I shuddered as his tongue battered against my clit. Pleasure shuddered through me. I groaned, savoring that passion. My head tossed from side to side, loving what he did to me. He suckled on my pearl. He nibbled on it. Bathed it with his tongue.

My orgasm swelled faster and faster now. I rubbed against the tree, the sound of bark rasping on my flesh. It shuddered, swelling towards that orgasm. I hurtled closer and closer to it. My face contorted with delight. 

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped. Las's big dick! That's it!

I exploded.

My orgasm burst inside of me. Waves of delight rushed through my body. My cunt convulsed as I drenched the fairy in my pussy cream. I whimpered and bucked, the tree groaning behind me. Branches shook over my head as he drank my cream.

My lady, groaned Oakheart. He sounded so delighted to drink my pussy cream. Oh, my lady!

Yes, yes, drink my pussy juices! I squealed. Las's big dick, that's so good!

My mind drowned while my cunt writhed. I needed his big dick to slam into me. I wanted him to fuck me hard. I craved for his huge cock to bury into me and make me explode. I whimpered, my face contorting with the pleasure of it.

I groaned, my twat convulsing and writhing. Juices gushed out of my snatch, meeting his licking tongue. I rose towards that wonderful pleasure as my cunt craved more. I needed a fairy's dick in me. His dick. I swelled that lust in him.

My lady, he moaned, his wings buzzing away, I must be in your pussy. I must enter you!

Enter me! I moaned as he rose.

He thrust his cock into my cunt. I shuddered as he buried into me. He plunged to the hilt in my cunt. It was amazing to experience that big dick in me. I loved it so much. He had such a huge one. Big and throbbing, just the perfect thing to fuck into my cunt. I needed it so much.

His dick filled me to the brim. My face contorted with delight. I squeezed about him as he plumped away at me. He fucked me with such passion, his dragonfly wings a gossamer blur. The humming filled the air as his rod pumped in and out of my snatch.

That's it, I moaned, wrapping my thighs about his waist. Oh, that's so good!

I licked at my spicy pussy cream adorning his chin as his cock thrust into my pussy. He fucked me so hard. He buried that fairy dick into my cunt over and over. I squeezed about it, feeling this magical tingle from him.

He was a delicious lover.

Oh, Oakheart, I moaned, my twat melting around his dick. He buried deep and hard into me again and again. Yes, yes, make my pussy explode with that cock.

Yes, my lady! he moaned, thrusting into me again and again. He fucked me with such prowess. He buried into me hard and fast. I loved it. My cunt squeezed about him as he drilled into me over and over again. Oh, my lady, that's so good.

You better believe it is, I moaned, my twat squeezing about his dick. Ooh, fuck me harder. Ram that big fairy-dick into me!

My lady!

Oakheart drilled my cunt with his cock. He buried into my juicy snatch. He churned me up with that wondrous shaft. I squeezed my twat around him, savoring the pleasure swelling and swelling in my depths. My breasts rubbed into his chest.

I licked more of my spicy pussy cream off his cheek. He had no stubble. No facial hair at all. I shuddered, my twat squeezing about him. He plowed into me with powerful strokes. He buried into me again and again.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, loving what he did to me. It was incredible to have him fucking me like that. He buried hard and deep into me. I loved how his dick slammed into my cunt. Las's big dick!

Cernere's black cunt! he moaned, drilling his cock hard into me.

I rose and rose towards my orgasm, the fairy's wings buzzing as he fucked me. I held him, wind rippling around us, stirred by those beating wings. His dick hammered my pussy, the tree shaking over us. Leaves drifted down around us as he plowed into me.

I came closer and closer to orgasming on that big dick. I shuddered, savoring the heat. My face twisted in delight. He plowed to the hilt in my snatch. I groaned, loving what he did to me. I shook my head, my face contorting with delight.

Gods, yes! I moaned, swelling his orgasm. His nuts brimmed with cum he ached to fire into me. Flood my pussy. I want your jizz in me!

He growled and buried his cock to the hilt in my snatch. My cunt went wild. My orgasm burst through me. I gasped, my cunt writhing and spasming around his cock. The pleasure swept through me. I whimpered, loving every moment of this bliss hurtling through me.

The tree creaked as I shuddered against it. He groaned and drove his cock into my spasming depths, his face contorting with delight. Then he plunged his cock to the hilt in me and erupted. It was incredible to feel that passion surging through me.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my twat milking his cock.

Oh, my lady! Oakheart groaned as his fairy-cum pumped into my snatch.

It was incredible to have sex with another of Las's descendants. I quivered, my twat working out all the cum Oakheart had in his balls. I savored him flooding my pussy. He might want to breed me, but that wouldn't happen. 

My womb was close to all but my brother's seed.

I quivered as my orgasm hit that wonderful peak. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned, my body burning with the delight that he gave me. My cunt worked out all that naughty cum of his. I milked him dry, a big smile on my lips.

Oakheart, what a wonderful fairy you are, I said. Got any male friends? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana

Hi, a pink-haired fairy said as she pranced before me, her butterfly wings fluttering. I'm Sweetdrop, and you have a cock. That's so neat. A hermaphrodite! Yay!

Yes, it is neat, I said, staring at the fairy. She had large breasts, surprising for her race. Want to ride my girl-cock.

She nodded eagerly, her eyes staring at my cum-covered tits.

I sank onto my back, my boobs jiggling. She smiled at me and straddled me. She grabbed my hermaphrodite-cock. I throbbed in her hands. She smiled as she brought me to her hairless pussy. Her butterfly wings quivered behind her as she pressed her twat down on my dick.

Cernere's black cunt! she moaned as she swallowed my hermaphrodite-dick.

I groaned, loving the feel of her twat sinking further and further down my cock. She swallowed my girl-cock with such ease. I shuddered as she squirmed on me, her big boobs swaying back and forth. She grinned at me.

Mmm, that's good, she moaned. Hermaphrodite-dick in my pussy. What a treat. Then she swiped up my son's cum beading on my tit. She brought the drop to her mouth and swallowed it. Ooh, so yummy.

Her cunt clenched on me as she swiped up more of my son's cum. She suckled it off her fingers, purring her delight. Her wings flapped as she did so while her twat soaked my cock in her juices. She had such a hot snatch.

Then she rose up me. She squealed in delight. I groaned, loving what she did to me. She slammed back down my cunt, massaging my girl-cock with her silky snatch. Her big boobs heaved as she rose up me again.

Cernere's black cunt! she squealed. Ooh, you have such an amazing hermaphrodite-dick.

And you have such a juicy pussy, Sweetdrop, I groaned, my hands stroking her thighs, feeling her flexing.

The heat melted down my cock to my cunt. My pussy drank in the delight, my ovaries swelling with the pressure to cum. To just explode in her snatch. She worked her twat up and down my dick, that explosive ache itching the tip of my shaft.

I groaned, loving everything she did to me. My face contorted with the delight of her twat. She had such a tight grip on me. She held my dick with her juicy passion as she worked her cunt up and down my dick. She massaged the head of my dick with that delicious snatch. 

She slammed her cunt down my cock and worked it back up over and over again. The pleasure was intense. Amazing. I gasped, her big boobs heaving over my head. My own large tits jiggled as she rode me.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, my dick throbbing in her cunt.

Ooh, ooh, you have such a wonderful cock, she groaned.

And your pussy is amazing, I moaned, a big smile on my lips.

She winked down at me as she slammed her cunt down my cock. Ooh, ooh, that's good. that's so good. 

I smiled in delight as she slammed her cunt down my dick again and again. She made me feel amazing. She brought me closer and closer to erupting in her juicy snatch. Sweetdrop shuddered, riding me with such passion.

Her wings flapped. Her boobs heaved. She was such a sexy thing. 

Mmm, you are going to get a pussy full of hermaphrodite-cum, I moaned.

Yay! she squealed and slammed her cunt down my cock.

She slid back up me, squeezing so hard. I groaned, my face contorting. I was so close to erupting. To just spurting my jizz into her snatch. I shuddered, my big boobs jiggling as she rode me. My twat drank in the heat flowing down my cock.

My ovaries brimmed with my hermaphrodite-cum. I would spurt so much into her snatch. Just flood her with it all. She slammed her snatch down me and slid back up again and again. It was incredible. I was in heaven.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned, riding me with such force.

Matar's big dick, I whimpered, on the verge of erupting.

Sweetdrop slammed her twat down my cock and squealed in delight.

Her pussy went wild around my cock, sucking at hermaphrodite-dick with that juicy pussy of hers. I gasped, my cunt clenching. She massaged the throbbing crown of my cock. I gasped, my boobs jiggling as she climaxed on me.

Cernere's black cunt! she gasped, her wings flapping hard. 

Yes, yes, Matar's big dick! I gasped and erupted.

My hermaphrodite-cum pumped into her snatch. Spurt after spurt of my jizz splashed into her spasming cunt. It was so hot to baste her snatch with my passion. I shuddered, the pleasure rushing through my body. I groaned out my ecstasy, savoring every moment of this bliss.

So good, she purred. Hermaphrodite-cum in my pussy! Yay!

Uh-huh, I moaned, unloading more and more of my jizz into her.

My body bucked as I pumped more and more of the cum into her snatch. I sprayed her with my jizz. The pleasure slammed through me. Stars exploded across my vision. I gasped, my pussy convulsing and writhing.

My head tossed from side to side. Stars danced across my vision. I groaned, my cunt convulsing, juices flooding out of my twat to bathe the ground. I trembled, my girl-cum firing into her snatch. The fairy milked me, moaning.

Oh, hermaphrodite, that was so good, she moaned.

It was, I moaned, my body buzzing with the bliss that flowed through me. Yes, yes, that was amazing!

Can I have your dick in my butt? she asked as she milked out the last of my hermaphrodite-cum.

Sure, I panted, hoping this plan would work. It was all on Kurtis. My son had to win these fairies over with his passion. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I shaped the lusts of the fairies that had come into the area. I had made them all so willing to please me. Plumdrop and Flutter licked at my dirty cock, their green eyes staring up at me. Lasla was being fucked by two male fairies while Mother was enjoying a pink-haired fairy.

Plumdrop and Flutter would do anything to please me. I put my hands on their heads, their lusts twisted to one thing. I smiled down at them as they stared up at me with such worship in their eyes. The twin fairies danced their tongues across the crown of my dick.

So, I said, why are you keeping anyone from getting to Drakin Castle? 

To be continued...
