Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Seven: Futa Deals with the Wicked Cutie
Summary: Shannon has to hide the futa-slime and deal with her girlfriend's noisy little sister.
Keywords: Hsolo hh hf oral 1st bodymod monster scifi cheat interracial

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Stephen (Stephanie?) Mathers

I didn't care that urine ran down my legs instead of splashing into the toilet bowl because I had tits.

I grabbed them, squeezing the big, soft boobs. These weren't man-tits from having a few extra pounds. These were honest to god pair of breasts. Maybe F-cups. They were large and soft, the nipples pink and hard and four times as big. Maybe five times.

I slid my fingers up to them and pinched them. I gasped at that. Pleasure shot down my body to... to... Something that clenched. Something growing wet. I shuddered, this pressure growing at the tip of my cock.

No, no, no, I said, my voice feminine and throaty. This can't be happening. What the fuck?

I stared at myself in the mirror. There was a woman's face. Similar to my own. No goatee. No morning shadow of whiskers. That could be my sister, but it was me. I raised narrow eyebrows. I pursed my plump lips. I smacked them. I rubbed at my face with slender fingers.

Then I noticed my hair. It was long and fell around my face. It was down to my shoulders, even longer. That was impossible. What the hell was going on here? I slapped my face with both my hands. The sting rippled through me.

Fuck, I groaned at the pain, reddening prints blossoming on both cheeks.

I lowered my hands. Something slipped off my ring finger and tinked on the ground. I gasped at the sight of my wedding ring bouncing on the floor. I shuddered as I bent down and picked it up. I put it on my finger.

It didn't fit.

My fingers were narrower. I had hips. Lost all the excess pounds. I looked like a fucking MILF. I was hot. Sexy. My pussygod, I had a pussyclenched and this wave of molten heat rushed through me. God, I was turning myself on.

My clit throbbed. It itched. Was that normal for a woman? I bit my lip. This body felt so natural, but I didn't want it to be. I was supposed to be a man. This made no fucking sense. Why the hell had this happened? This should be impossible.

You didn't go to bed a man and wake up as a woman.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned, my big boobs jiggling with my every movement. It was so distracting. I grabbed them again, squeezing them. Shit, I could play with these all day.

My wife, Nora, had a killer pair of tits. After three kids, they had become about this big. I kneaded my new boobs, that clit throbbing more and more. I bit my lip. It itched so much. It begged to be touched. It wanted to swell.

I didn't want to get used to this body, but...

I slid my hand down my flat stomach. I was toned. Fit. My fingers reached the thick, brown bush. I slid through the curls and brushed the top folds of my pussy. The clitoral hood. The bud. I gasped as I rubbed it. This pleasure shot through me.

My back arched as it throbbed. I could feel it swelling. Engorging. It grew into between my fingers. I gasped as I rolled it. I stared down past my boobs at it growing bigger. A pink rod that was swelling out from my bush.

The fuck is going on? I asked as the flesh bled from pink to beige. The tip became...

A cock.

I was growing a cock with my clit. This didn't make any fucking sense. My cock grew thicker and longer. I held it, feeling its pulse in my hand. It grew thicker and longer. I shuddered as I pumped up and down my own girth.

Fuck, I muttered as I swelled to twice my original size. Three times. I was hung. What the hell is this?

My clit-cock felt amazing. My pussy clenched as I stroked myself. I stared at myself in the mirror. A sexy MILF with a huge dick. That made me swallow. This was so hot. I groaned, pumping faster and faster up and down my dick.

The pleasure shot down to my pussy. The ache settled there into my snatch. I shuddered, loving this. Feminine moans rose from my throat as I jerked off my new big dick. This girl-cock that felt fantastic. My cunt clenched.

A bead of juices ran down my thigh while my cunt ached.

My left hand flexed. My fingers itched to do something naughty. I couldn't believe this was happening, but my pussy burned to be touched. I couldn't stop myself from moving my hand lower and lower until I was pushing it against the fold of my pussy.

I groaned as I rubbed myself. I worked my digits up and down the folds of my pussy. It felt so good to play with myself like that. I shuddered, this heat rushing through me. One hand pumped up and down my cock while the other stroked my cunt.

Then I thrust two fingers up inside me.

I gasped as I was penetrated for the first time.

I shuddered, feeling those two fingers sliding into my new cunt. The hot, juicy silk engulfed them. I groaned, the pleasure shooting up to the tip of my dick. I quivered there and kept fingering myself. It was amazing to do this. To pump my digits in and out of my cunt. I groaned, loving every second of this. I savored every moment of it.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, that's so good. That's amazing. Yes, yes, yes!

My pussy clenched down on my digits. They held them tight as I fingered myself. I pumped away at my cunt. I thrust in and out of my digits. It was just fantastic. My face contorted with the delight of this bliss.

My cunt clamped down on my own digits while I pumped my other hand up and down my girl-cock. All these sensations were swirling through me. Pressure built deep inside my snatch like I had a pair of nuts up there bursting to cum.

Shit, shit, shit! I groaned, thrusting those digits in and out of my cunt. Fuck, fuck, fuck.

My hand flew up and down my cock. My pussy loved those fingers burying into my snatch. The two delights built and built that pressure at the tip of my dick. I hurtled towards that familiar moment when I would cum.

Fuck! I gasped as I flogged my clit-dick. Yes, yes, that's so good. Hell, yes!

I erupted.

My pussy convulsed around my fingers while my girl-dick exploded. Hot cum jetted out of my dick and splashed the mirror and the bathroom sink. I painted the nickel-plated faucets with spunk. The familiar pleasure slammed through me, intense and incredible.

Then came the waves of delight. They were new. Gentler but so passionate. They rippled out of spasming cunt and washed through my body. The two delights met in my mind, something my thoughts with ecstasy.

I shuddered, my head swaying. This wonderful rapture shot through me. I groaned, my face contorting with passion. I whimpered, my new cock spurting over and over again while my pussy convulsed around my digits. 

Yes! I moaned, loving this bliss so much. Oh, yes, yes, that's incredible. I hit the peak of my pleasure. I savored the bliss 

DING-DONG!

The front doorbell rang through the house. I blinked, groaning. Who could that be? What was even going on? Did it have to do with that pink, gelatinous version of my oldest daughter Shannon that had fucked me last night? The one that just woke me up and rode my dick?

I'd dismissed that as I dream, but I was a woman with a clit that grew into a dick. I shuddered, my heart pounded in my chest. This was so insane. I 

DING-DONG!

Shit! I groaned. I darted out of the bathroom, my clit-dick swaying before me. I darted to my bedroom and grabbed one of my wife's bathrobes. I pulled the purple cloth on me and rushed down the stairs as it rang a third time. Coming! Coming!

I hurtled through the house, belting the robe close. The clit-dick seemed to be shirking back into a bud. This was so surreal. My big boobs bounced in my robe, the fabric feeling so incredible against my nipples. 

I reached the door and opened it. A woman in a gray pantsuit was at the door, her black hair pulled up into a bun. She flashed a badge like an FBI Agent and said, I'm Lieutenant Seabrook, and I just have some questions to ask you...

Steph... I couldn't say I was Stephen. ...anie. Stephanie Mathers.

Well, Stephanie, I wonder if you saw something weird last night? she said. Something that had fallen out of the sky and landed in the woods behind your neighborhood.

An alien, shot through my mind. That was what the pink and gelatinous version of my daughter was. I wanted to say yes, but... I had been turned into a woman. Would the government capture me and experiment on me? Like the X-Files or something.

No, no, I said. I went to bed around ten and slept in. Just got up.

Yes, yes, I talked to your son, she said. Just thought I would check up on the others.

I swallowed. Okay. Not sure I can add anything.

She nodded. And do you have two daughters? One is a redhead with freckles and another has brassy-brown hair she wears in pigtails.

Yes, I said slowly. That's Shannon and Morgan.

Why was she asking about my daughters? 

And do they go to the nearby high school? she asked.

I nodded. Not wanting to lie to a federal agent. What is going on? Is there something I need to be worried about?

She smiled but it didn't touch her eyes. They were red-rimmed with bags under them. She hadn't gotten much sleep. No, no, I just have to follow up on any report, even if it's a wild goose chase. You know, be thorough. I missed talking to them, so I thought I would just give them an interview.

I shrugged, my heart pounding. Why had that strange creature been Shannon? Why had she turned me into a woman with a clit-dick? It had to be an alien. This was some X-files shit. I watched that stuff all the time when I was a kid. Back when you had to watch a TV show when it aired. First Friday nights then it had switched to Sundays.

Liked it better on Fridays. My friends and I would I watch it when it came on late at night in the dark basement. 

And I had learned that you couldn't let the government get their hands on aliens or people in contact with them. If Shannon had been, I had to protect her. I was her fathermother! 

I really don't know what she saw, I said. I hadn't heard anything weird.

Okay, okay, the agent said. She pulled out a card from her pocket and handed it over. If you see anything or remember anything, give me a call.

I stared and saw she was in the USSF. A lieutenant. Wait, that's the Space Force, right?

She nodded. Might have been a satellite that came down. Can't say more than that. Classified.

Right, right. An alien. That was what it was. An alien who had taken on my daughter's form. That was frightening. What to do? Well, uh, I'll be on the lookout.

Thanks. She yawned and stretched her back. I need to get some coffee. You have a good one.

I nodded and closed the door. My heart burst into wild activity. I leaned against the door and wondered what to do about this. I had to warn Shannon. But I had to be careful about it. The government could be reading my messages.

No, they were. The NSA did that, but the government needed some special courts to link messages with a US Citizen. How hard would it be to get a warrant, though? So I just had to be careful what I sent. That was it. 

I rushed upstairs to find my phone, my big tits jiggling. Christ, what was I going to do about being a woman? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

It was warm and wet and wonderful inside of Shannon's pussy.

Her cunt squeezed about me as she walked. The flesh rippled, massaging me as she moved. It was such a wicked delight. She soaked me in her juices. I could taste her pussy juices. They were so tangy and yummy. I could also hear her talking.

That Space Forces woman sounded dangerous. I had not been too concerned with the military of the United States, but I had learned they were the most powerful in the world. They spent a lot of money on it. And they did track satellites in orbit with radar. So they must have picked me up and were looking for me.

But how could they find me? I was hidden. Safe and secure in Shannon's pussy.

I was so glad that I had found her and her family. I had turned her father into a futa. The new and improved Stephen Mathers should be waking up with her new body. Big boobs. I had redirected that excess body fat to where it would do some good. She would have a huge clit-dick. She would just be so happy about her new form.

I was so glad I had done that. Mrs. Mathers would have such a big surprise when she came home from work. Stephen MathersI wonder what her new name would bewould be seen as a hero. I read so many articles about how brave transgender people were. I gave her that.

Okay, okay, Ruru, we're meeting people who aren't aware of you, like my girlfriend, Shannon said. So don't do anything weird, okay? Just stay in here.

Okay, I answered her, vibrating my body to send the sound waves through her.

She shuddered as I did that, squeezing her cunt around me. Her heartbeat sped up, and her blood pressure increased. She loved this girl. Raquel. I had seen her Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, TikTok, and Goodreads profiles. I knew she was a good friend of Shannon. 

I wondered if they had sex. That would be amazing.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

It was so surreal being at work, sucking down coffee, after the night I had. The morning, too. I had a futa-dick and so did both of my daughters. The things we did. The incestuous, wicked, delicious things I did with them and the futa-slime. 

I had cheated on my husband. I had a clit-dick I could summon at a moment's notice, and no one at my hospital had any idea when I checked in to the maternity ward where I worked. I loved being an obstetrics nurse. To help with deliveries and to watch over the newborns. It was so rewarding to take care of the little ones.

The neo-natal ward was hard to work, premature babies were so delicate. They could lose the fight so fast, but the normal maternity ward was usually all smiles. Except for that one time the woman's baby was far, far too dark to be her husband's. 

Of course, I couldn't judge. I was a cheating whore, too.

Hey, Nora, can you visit 7? A mother needs a lactation coach.

Right on it, I said and this naughty tingle shot through me. I had coached many women on nursing their babies and now... Now my clit tingled. Just thinking about bending down and suckling from her nipple sent this wild thrill through me.

I shook my head, surprised by how strong this lust was. That wasn't like me at all. What was wrong with me? My clit pulsed with my heartbeat. It throbbed and arched as I headed down the hallway and towards 7. The idea of nursing on her nipple swelled in me. It was this itch that had taken root in my brain and didn't want to go away.

Which was baffling. I wasn't attracted to women and...

I was a futa now. That Ruru had changed me. Had she turned me into someone that just wanted to cheat on my husband with every cutie around? And 7... That was Franny Jennings. The young mother. Twenty-five. First child. A pretty thing who had gotten a nice pair of tits from her pregnancy.

I reached her door, my pussy getting wetter and wetter. I drew in a deep breath. Be professional, Nora. You've been a nurse for twenty years. You know how to act with patients.

I knocked on the door and entered to find the young, married woman lying on her bed. She turned off the TV and smiled at me. Are you the lactation coach?

That's me, I said. Nurse Nora. How are you doing?

Good, good, she said. I just can't get my daughter to nurse. She's had to be fed with a bottle twice now. I feel like just such a failure.

Okay, I said and frowned. Where is your daughter?

Oh, the nurse took her away again. And my husband had to go work his shift. They wouldn't give him any more time off. Frustration fell on her face. And I can't nurse my baby.

Okay, I said and pumped some hand sanitizer onto my hand. I rubbed the jelly alcohol across them as I headed to her. Normally, I needed the baby here, but...

I just had to show her that she could lactate. There was no harm in having a little suckle, right. My clit pulsed as I moved towards her bed. If they just took her baby away, then we would have some privacy. Her husband was gone, too. I could do this, right?

No, no, she would freak out.

Okay, let's open the front of your dress, I said, smiling at her. See if there are any problems. I'm going to have to manually manipulate your breast, okay?

Sure, the young mother said. The brunette was so trusting. I was Nurse Nora. I wouldn't do anything weird to her like molest her with my big futa-dick.

My clit pulsed more and more, begging to swell into a big cock. I shuddered at that as I sat down on the edge of her bed. She unlaced the knots holding her maternity gown closed. She opened it, revealing her lush and heavy breasts. She had dark-red nipples that were soft, not poking out of her areola. 

We'd have to change that.

I put my bare hands on her boobs, squeezing her. I wore no gloves. I loved how warm and soft her breasts were. I kneaded them both, loving how they felt in my hands. My touch made her shift. Her nipples began to harden. They perked up and rose from her areolas.

Mmm, don't be embarrassed, I said. Your nipples need to be hard so I can do a full exam. Your breasts feel nice and healthy. I can feel that you have pressure. You need to lactate, don't you?

She nodded. It's starting to hurt. I really need to get it out of me.

And you will, I said, my thumbs swiping out to brush her areolas. I rubbed them then her nipples. She gasped as I did that. You feel that?

She nodded, her cheeks starting to darken with her blush. Yeah, that's very... I mean... I didn't expect you to touch me like that.

I winked at her. Now, we just have to get your milk flowing, and there really is only one way to do it. Luckily, nature has already provided it. So just relax.

I couldn't believe I was doing this. I bent over and latched onto her nipple. I was insane.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

My cheeks burned as Raquel waited for Morgan and me just outside the high school. I hadn't seen her since I left her place last night. I had been a normal girl then, not a futa who had cheated on her with Ruru, my mother, and my little sister. 

I loved Raquel. I didn't want to hurt her.

Hi Raquel, I said, my pussy clenching around Ruru filling up my pussy. She had compressed her body to the size of a big dildo. 

Which was just wild.

My girlfriend beamed at me. She had golden-brown skin that shone in the morning sun. She always had this luster to her. I was so envious of her beauty. Her black hair fell in a short bob around her face. She wore a tight crop top that hugged her round breasts and a tight pair of skinny jeans. 

Hey, Raquel, I called and reached her. I didn't hesitate to give her a quick kiss on the mouth.

In front of your sister? Raquel asked.

Well, it's out of the bag with my mom and sis that I'm a lesbian, I said. Morgan, Raquel and I are dating.

I know, Morgan said. I'll see you later. I have something I want to show Gillian.

I knew just what it was that she was going to show her. 

I pulled my girlfriend to me and said, I have something to show you, too.

What? demanded not my girlfriend but her bratty, little sister. Calista jumped up before us. The younger, Hispanic girl had a huge, wicked grin on her face. Are you going to show it to me, too?

Of course not, I said, scowling at her. It's for your sister to see only.

Fuck off! my girlfriend hissed at her little sister.

You're going to show me, Shannon, Calista said and darted down the sidewalk. She wore a tight pair of jeans that hugged her rump. My clit throbbed. I had kissed Calista's pussy last night. She had threatened to tell Mrs. Santiago that Raquel and I were more than friends. My girlfriend's homophobic mother would flip out. 

That girl made me nervous. More than nervous. Scared.

Are you okay? asked Ruru, her body vibrating in my cunt. Your blood pressure is spiking high. Are you angry at something?

Calista's just being her usually bitchy self and pissing me off, I said out loud. 

Yep, said Raquel, not realizing that what I said was phrased weirdly. But how else to reassure Ruru without Raquel knowing? So, what do you have to show me, pretty girl?

Later, I said. After school. Is your mom going to be home?

No, no, she said. And Calista has her practice, so that should be the perfect time for us to get together. What do you have to show me? She lowered her voice. Did you actually order the strap-on? Did it arrive?

Something like that, I told her and winked as my phone vibrated in my skirt pocket. 

Curious, I pulled it out and saw a text from Dad. If a lady from the government comes to speak with you, don't be surprised. Just talked to her. Very nice lady. Told her I saw nothing weird. Did you?

I froze. I thought that woman from the Space ForceI still couldn't believe there was a Space Forcehad noticed us. My pussy clenched on the Ruru. I swallowed, curious why Dad was tipping me off about it. Was he worried?

Had he seen something weird last night?

No, saw nothing, I said. Thanks for letting me know.

No problem. Take care.

I sent a heart emoji and put my phone in my skirt. My girlfriend gave me a curious look. I shrugged and said, Just my dad.

Ah, okay, she said. Glad it's nothing. Mmm, I am curious about this treat you have to show me.

I nodded as we headed inside. I had to talk to Ruru alone. I got to use the ladies' room.

You'll be late for your first class, she said. We're cutting it close as it is.

I know, I know, but I have to pee, I said. You go on. I don't want you getting in trouble.

Mmm, such a sweetie, she said then gave me a quick kiss. See you, pretty girl.

She turned and headed off in those tight jeans of hers. God, my girlfriend had a great ass on her. I shuddered and headed into the building, hurtling for the nearest restroom. I pushed inside and went to the last stall. A few girls were working on their makeup and chatting, but classes were about to start.

I entered it and sat down on the toilet.

Do you really have to pee, because I want out, said Ruru. I don't want you to pee on me. I'm right by your urethra.

No, no, I said. Listen, my dad just texted me that the Space Force chick is heading here to talk to me. So I'll just play it cool. She won't know you're in me, but it's very important we don't let anyone know about

Know about what? a bratty voice said. Then the door opened and there was Calista, my girlfriend's bratty little sister. The fifteen-year-old girl had this wicked gleam in her eyes. She winked at me as she closed the stall door behind her. What don't you want people to know about?

None of your fucking business, you little cunt, I hissed, filled with anger at this petite and annoying girl. She had the same features as Raquel but twisted with mischievousness. She was so goddamn annoying. Her bleached-blonde hair swayed about her shoulders. 

Oh, I think it is, she said. Because... She pulled her phone out of her jeans' back pocket and swiped the screen. She turned it around. What's this? That's you and my sister kissing. Would be a shame if my mom saw it.

Fury swept through me. Give me that you little cunt!

I reached for the phone but she locked the screen as she jerked it back. And don't threaten to break it. Its in the cloud. Already downloaded on my computer at home. Just waiting for my mom to find it. You wouldn't want that, right?

Why are you such a fucking cunt? I gasped. You're just as gay as your sister!

I am, and she has what I want. She arched her eyebrow. Don't say you didn't love the taste of my cunt. She unsnapped her jeans. That little kiss almost made me cum last night, but I want more. I am just aching for more. Her zipper rasped down. Won't you kiss it one more time?

She pushed off her jeans and the black pair of panties she wore. She shoved it off to expose her shaved cunt dripping with her juices. The sweet flavor of her came back to me, soaking through my taste buds. My cheeks burned at the memory. This was so insane. I couldn't believe that she was doing this to me. She was such a fucking cunt.

Just one kiss, she said and stepped out of her jeans and panties, losing her shoes in the process. She leaned again the door, legs spread wide.

Ruru squirmed inside of me. She's a really annoying bitch. I see why you said it's okay to call her that.

Yeah, I muttered.

Yeah, what? Calista asked.  'Yeah, I'm going to kiss your yummy pussy, Calista.' Is that what you were going to say? Because it better be, or...

I fell to my knees, anger boiling inside of me. I leaned forward and breathed in her sweet musk. Why did her cunt have to smell so good? My lips neared closer and closer until I planted my mouth right on her slit. Kissing her just like I did last night. 

She groaned in delight then grabbed the back of my head. I gasped as she held me to her pussy. She gripped me tight, rubbing her cunt into my face. Her juices smeared over my lips and chin. She was so wet.

Mmm, start licking or I'll start texting, Calista moaned. I want to cum on that pretty mouth, Shannon. I want to know how you make my sister squeal the way she does!

I glared up at her, my cunt clenching down on Ruru's body. Fine. I'll make you cum, you little bitch! I'll make you fucking explode, then you'll delete that picture.

If you do everything I say, I'll delete it before I leave here, she promised and winked at me.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy only to hit her hymen. I pressed on her maidenhead. She gasped as I did that, my tongue poking through a hole in it. Just enough to taste her virginal juices. I had no idea she still had her cherry. 

I licked at her cunt. I lapped at her. The door creaked behind her as she shuddered. She moaned, her voice ringing through the stall. My tongue swiped up her slit from taint to clit. I brushed her bud. I loved how she bucked and shuddered.

She whimpered and groaned, her golden-brown features twisting in delight. I devoured my girlfriend's little sister. I feasted on her with hunger. I would make her cum. Just explode in rapture for doing this to me. 

I caressed her harder. Faster. I brushed her clit.

She squealed in delight.

My clit throbbed as I fluttered my tongue against hers. I batted her bud, loving the feeling of her against me. It was incredible to have her shuddering and groaning like that. Her moans rippled around me. Ruru squirmed inside my pussy as I feasted on this bitch.

Calista's virgin cunt was so yummy. I poured my anger into devouring her with gusto. She would have no reason to complain when I was done with her. I would have her gasping and moaning her bitchy head off.

She shuddered, her bleached-blonde hair dancing around her face. She stared down at me with such hunger in her eyes. Ooh, I knew you would love it, Shannon. Mierda! That's good. That's so good! Thank you so much!

I nipped her clit with my teeth. 

She bucked and yelped. Then she laughed. She ground her cunt on my face, taking such pleasure in it. My clit throbbed, wanting to become a futa-dick and fuck her hard. I would pound her with it. Just slam into her twat and make her howl her head off.

But I held back. I licked at her, my anger building and building with every flick of my tongue. I was her sister's girlfriend. She should not be doing this with me. Making me eat out her cunt. She was such a bitch.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Ooh, you're going to make me cum. I love this so much. Yes, yes, make me pop. Oh, fuck, yes!

I attacked her clit with more gusto. I licked at her with pure hunger. She quivered, her head tossing. She moaned her delight, her pleasure echoing around me. I suckled on her bud. I nursed hard, gripping her hips.

She quivered, the stall door rattling in the hinges behind her. Her head slammed back into it as she quivered. Then a fountain of her sweet cream gushed out. I groaned, loving that delight pouring into my mouth. 

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned. Mierda! That's amazing. You naughty puta! I love it. Lick my pussy cream up. Ooh, you're such a lezzie whore, Shannon. So fucking amazing!

She shuddered against the door as she drowned me in pussy cream. I loved the taste of her. I drank every drop of her. I licked up every last bit of the passion that gushed out of her. She groaned, grinding her twat against me. 

She whimpered out her pleasure. She squealed out with such delight. She groaned, her boobs jiggling in her top. Then she panted. A big smile spread on her lips as she finished cumming on my face. She had drenched me. Her cream ran down my chin.

Wow, you're good, Shannon, she said. Real good. You must really be a slut for pussy to feast on me with that much effort.

You came, I said, my cunt clenching down on Ruru's body. My clit throbbed. Delete the picture.

Yes, yes, delete it, bitch! Ruru hissed as she vibrated in my cunt. 

Not until you tell me what you have to keep a secret from everyone, she said. She arched her eyebrow. You got another girl on the side? Youre cheating on my sister?

No, I gasped, guilt rippling through me. My pussy clenched down on my sidepiece, Ruru the Futa-Slime. Of course not.

So it's that surprise you have for my sister, Calista said, arching her eyebrows. You have to tell me or else.

Anger swelled in me. I stood up, towering over that short bitch. You really want to know?

Fuck, yes. Tell me. Mmm, I want to know, or mommy dearest is getting a text. She winked at me. 

The fury burst through me. It flashed through my body in a flare of rage. My hands shot out and grabbed the bitch by her bleached-blonde hair. I spun her around and shoved her against that toilet. She fell on her knees on the seat, her hands grabbing the stainless steal plumbing. The water whooshed from her pushing down on the handle. 

What are you doing? she asked as I rolled up my skirt. She threw a look over at me at my shaved pussy. 

Showing you the surprise, I said and let my futa-dick grow. I was so angry. I would fuck this little puta bitch so hard. I would ram my cock into her cunt and make her squeal. You think you can handle it! Huh? Look at my cunt!

Mierda! she gasped. That's a fucking dick you got growing from your pussy. Are you a futanari? Oh, wow, that's so wild. How? Oh, wow, it's getting bigger and bigger. You're a futa-freak!

And you're a skank bitch that needs to learn her fucking place, I growled. You think you can go around blackmailing people because you're such a selfish, little shit?

Yes! she moaned, wiggling her hips from side to side. I can get away with

I snarled, You fucking little whore!

I buried my girl-dick into her pussy, my cunt clenching down on Ruru. She quivered in me as I sank to the hilt in my girlfriend's little sister. That tight cunt engulfed me. I shuddered as I savored the silky heaven of her twat around me.

I gripped her hips. I held her tight and drew back my hips. She groaned, her cunt clamping down on my futa-dick. The pleasure shot down my shaft. I groaned and buried back into her. I fucked her hard and fast. I pumped away at her.

My boobs bounced in my bra beneath my top. I groaned, driving my cock into the little bitch's cunt over and over again. She moaned her delight, clamping her pussy down on my dick. She held me tight, squeezing about me as I fucked into her again and again.

I reveled in every moment of putting this bitch in her place.

I grabbed a fistful of her bleached-blonde hair. You fucking little slut! You love that, don't you?

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned as I drilled into her cunt. I speared into her pussy hard and fast. I love it. I fucking love it! Mierda! That's good.

I slammed to the hilt in her again and again. I fucked her with such force. Her pussy held me tight. She gripped me with that silky snatch. I groaned, loving the bliss of plowing into her again and again. I fucked her hard, gripping her bleached-blonde hair.

Her butt-cheeks quivered from the impact of my crotch on her ass. I plowed into her hard and fast. I buried into her again and again, reveling in the heat of her cunt. The way she squeezed about me was fantastic. She had an amazing snatch.

Yes, yes, you're going to fucking keep your mouth shut or else! I snarled as I pounded her cunt.

Or else what? she moaned, her pussy clamping down on my futa-dick. I won't get to enjoy this futa-dick again?

Yes! I gasped out as I plowed into her, fucking her so hard and fast. My anger whipped at my ass, driving me to slam my futa-cock to the hilt in her juicy cunt.

She soaked me with her juices. She drenched my cock as I fucked her pussy. She squeezed about me and wiggled her hips from side to side. I loved every moment of plowing into her. She felt so amazing about me. I loved every moment of burying into her.

She groaned, wiggling her rump. The toilet seat creaked beneath her knees as I drove my futa-dick into her cunt again and again. My cunt clamped down on Ruru as I did. I felt that naughty futa-slime squirming about in my cunt.

You're fucking her really hard, Ruru sent through me. I groaned at the feeling of her humming away in me. Yes, you are.

Thanks, I groaned. Ooh, that's such a good fucking pussy. My dick owns this cunt!

Hell fucking yes! Calista moaned, her twat clamping down hard on me. I'm going to cum on your futa-cock. Yes, yes, fuck me. This is so much hotter than the comics I've seen. Ooh, that's it. Ram into me. Make me cum!

Make me cum, you little puta! I hissed, slamming into her cunt. Milk my cock with that spasming cunt. I want to spray you down.

Fuck, yes! she gasped. Mierda! That's so amazing. I'm going to cum so hard!

She clamped her pussy down on my futa-dick. She held me so tight. My twat drank in the heat, my pussy clamping down on Ruru. The futa-slime massaged my cunt walls, adding this stimulation that swelled the pressure in my clit. It mixed with the bliss flowing down my rod plundering the slut's hole.

I fucked Calista with everything that I had. I yanked back her head, making her gasp. Her cunt clamped down on me. I stared at her with such intensity as I fucked her with everything that I had. I hurtled towards my orgasm.

Ooh, I think you're about to cum, Ruru moaned. I want to feel you cumming around my whole body, Shannon! This is so hot!

It is fucking hot! I moaned, drilling into the cunt's cunt.

So damned hot! Calista groaned, her pussy massaging my dick. She quivered in delight. Ooh, I am going to explode. Just a little bit more.

I slammed into her cunt, on the verge of erupting. The ache at my futa-dick was intense. I shuddered, slamming to the hilt in her snatch. As I drew back through her hot and juicy twat, she squealed in delight.

Her pussy went wild around my dick.

Cum in me! Calista moaned. Breed me with your clit-dick! This pussy is yours!

I slammed into her snatch, her flesh rippling around me. I groaned as I erupted. My futa-cum spurted into Calista's cunt. I basted her twat, the pleasure shooting through me. My cunt writhed around Ruru, massaging the futa-slime's body.

Oh, that's heavenly, moaned Ruru as my pussy juices dripped out of my cunt and splashed on the floor. This is amazing! I love it when you cum!

Me, too! I howled, my dick spurting over and over again.

Calista's tight cunt writhed around my cock. She suckled at me, milking my dick of all that cum. I groaned, savoring the pleasure rushing through me. My head swayed from side to side. Stars danced before my eyes.

A big smile spread on my lips. I loved every moment of spurting into her. I savored every last second of basting her cunt with my cum. I shuddered, my pussy rippling around the futa-slime's wondrous body.

Oh, my god, I panted as Calista worked out the last drops of my cum. My orgasm cleared. There. Delete the picture.

Oh, I will, she moaned as I slid out of her. I mean, I want to have that dick fuck me at least once a day. I mean, you promised. You told me if I didn't keep my mouth shut, you would stop fucking my cunt. So...

I stared at her in horror. Oh, god, I did say that, didn't I? I was just so caught up in fucking her.

She grabbed her panties and pulled them on. Mmm, I'll just make sure I keep all this DNA in me. You know, evidence to back up my claim that you fucked me with your clit-dick. I know you'll keep fucking me every day so I don't, but...

She snapped the waistband of her panties around her hips. Then she grabbed her pants and stepped into them. She drew them up, wiggling her ass as my futa-dick slowly dwindled back into a clit. I stared at her in horror.

Pants on, she pulled out her phone. She showed me the pic of me kissing her sister and deleted it, including the cloud backup. There. See? You do what I say, and there's no proof. Nothing to worry about. Mmm, I want this dick before school tomorrow.

She winked at me, slipped her feet into her flats, and opened the stall door. She sauntered out with a shit-eating grin on her face. I groaned and leaned against the stall door. The weight of what I had just done sank on me.

I'm so fucked up, Ruru, I groaned.

Yes, you are, Ruru said. You came hard, too. And it sounds like you're going to have to keep fucking her.

No, no, I used 'fuck' to mean I'm in trouble, I said, banging my head again the stall divider. Calista knowing about my secret is about the worst. She can't be trusted. You see how she's already trying to blackmail me?

Why did you fuck her then? Ruru asked. Is monogamy that important to your species?

Yes! I gasped.

Why?

I don't know! It just is!

Then why did you so easily have sex with your lover's little sister? 

I blinked at that question. Because I'm human. We're idiots. Dumb, stupid, self-destructive idiots who get all angry then fuck some skank bareback and leave her dripping in cum and now now I'm going to have to pay alimony or some shit. With her! Ugh! This is the worst!

I smoothed down my skirt and stepped out of the stall. There was no way that this wasn't going to backfire horribly. And I had to get to class. It already started. I would be tardy. Mrs. Seymour, my English teacher, would be so mad at me.

I had no choice but to get to it.

I marched out of the bathroom and headed into the hallway, wishing I had just stayed home sick with Dad. He had something weird. Why not me? I could have imacheatingwhoritis! Yeah, that would be perfect. Just a dumb ho-bag with a big, throbbing clit-dick that wanted to ram into every cute girl in the world. 

I marched down the hallway and up the stairs. I stomped my way down the hallway, just so infuriated with myself. I was such a fucking fuck up. My pussy clenched down on Ruru as I turned around the corner to get to my English class.

I was so furious, I didn't realize the danger I was in from the woman striding up with a cup of coffee in hand. She sipped at it then said, You're Shannon, right?

I froze, my cunt clenching down on my Ruru. It was the woman. The Space Force lieutenant in her power suit marching at me with such a determined look in her eyes. My insides melted with terror. I had an alien shoved up my cunt. This was so, so bad.

Er, hi, I said, my heart thundering a mile a minute. Do I know you?

She smiled. The office told me you'd be in Mrs. Seymour's class, but I see that you must be running late. Any problem?

Who are you? I asked, feigning ignorance.

Right, right, sorry, she said. Lieutenant Seabrook. She flashed a badge with her one hand, the other holding the cardboard sleeve on her hot coffee. Just have some questions. You seemed to have been in a hurry this morning when I saw you leaving your home.

Just late for school, I said.

Mmm, real late, she said. Considering I talked to your mother, got a cup of coffee, and I still am beating you to your class. Any reason?

Such panic crushed down on me. I had no idea what to say. What to do. What to say to get me out of this. My pussy clenched down on Ruru as I stood here frozen with fear. This could not be happening. Why did I have to be so damned unlucky?

Well? the woman said, her eyes narrowing. It's a felony to lie to a federal agent or to obstruct an investigation.

My knees actually knocked as I quivered in terror. 

To be continued...