The next morning, he made every attempt to look ill. This only caused Molly to make him eat all his vegetables and down another, fouler healing potion, and then he was being shown some clothes that they'd acquired for him – and wasn't that a mystery, because they were not any of his and they certainly did not seem cheap. Severus, however, was so delighted to be out of stripy pyjamas that he could not bring himself to question it overly. Mrs Weasley only explained that they were 'from Diagon Alley, of course, where else would they be from?', which was strangely defensive.

They were certainly nice. Smart, well-cut trousers, two linen shirts in black and white, a black silk waistcoat and two sets of black robes. One was practically identical to his teaching robes, to the point that he suspected someone had gone into Madame Malkin's and asked for 'Professor Snape's robes', which would hardly be subtle but that was what happened when you got placed in the care of Gryffindors.

Black trousers, black waistcoat, white shirt, buttoned up and secure, and for the first time since his death Severus began to feel a little more human. Until, of course, Molly demanded that he undress that second and come upstairs for a bath or she'd have at him with the scouring charms again. Severus would have preferred a shower, of course, but Molly was probably right when she told him it wouldn't do to have him standing for too long.

"I've set it to run already, and there's even bubbles," she said, and guided him firmly up the stairs. He was relieved that it was easier every time he made this trek, and it was even a pleasure to step into hot soapy water for a time; however, any tranquillity he might have had was ruined by Molly blithely ignoring the lock and bustling in with several big towels and bottles of shampoo. He was very relieved that he had not given into his first temptation straight away. Though really, with the house so busy and locks so blatantly disregarded, he was beginning to get a little frustrated.

"Have you considered a haircut?" she said, ignoring his glare.

"No," he snapped, though in truth his hair was longer than he usually kept it. "And might I remind you I'm nearing forty?"

"It is my opinion that no man is too old to be mothered," she said, in a tone that brooked no argument. "And you, Severus dear, seem to have suffered from a deplorable lack of feminine influence over the years. Skulking around all in black, teeth that could be fixed in a second with a good spell and all that hair covering up your best features like a sullen teenager!"

As he did not have his wand on him, he settled upon grating out, "Best features?" in as scornful a tone as he could muster.

"Your eyes, of course, my dear!" she said. "You have very interesting eyes, very... piercing. Yes, that's the word. And you have good cheekbones, quite impressive you know, they rival Bill's and he's always been extremely fortunate in the facial structure department. Now, if you don't want me to cut your hair, you'll at least have to let me wash it."

Of course, thought Severus, he should have known this was not a request but a statement of fact. Before he had a second to protest, Molly had summoned a cup from nowhere and dumped his bathwater over his head. He spluttered, outraged, but then he had to shut his mouth or risk having it filled with shampoo. At least Molly was not as violent as he might have expected; as soon as he succumbed, she began massaging his scalp gently, and it might have been nice if it weren't for the many, many psychological demons converging upon him painfully. His mother, too pale and disinterested to check if he'd washed his hair, or even if there was shampoo in the house; his father, telling him to get a haircut because long hair was for pansies, though the only reason he kept it long was because no one ever took him to get it cut; that dreadful time his father had taken scissors to it himself and reduced him to a nearly-bald mess which looked so bad that in the morning his old hair had grown right back; years and years of schoolboy taunts and jokes and disgust directed at it, which only cemented the fact that he would not change it, because then it might seem like he cared what they thought. And all the time that longing, that wish that his mother would stop wallowing in her own misery long enough to fix a little of his.

Molly must have sensed his objections ran deeper than mere pride, for she grew gentler still, combing through his hair with her fingers and aiming a stream of warm water from her wand onto his head.

"Is that the right temperature, dear?" she asked softly, propping herself up against the bath by Severus's head. He could only bring himself to nod. This was all far, far too close to something he thought he'd long since ceased to long for, and it ached in a hard knot in his chest. He was forty years old, he'd outgrown the need for a proper parent, and besides his mother had cared, sickly and incapable as she was, and it was not motherly figures he'd seemed to need, but fatherly. That's why so many angry children with backgrounds like his own were drawn to Voldemort. It was why he'd loved Albus, despite himself.

"There," said Molly, smoothing his hair back. "You'll probably want conditioner, too, with it being so long. Really, Severus, it is rather lovely, if you spend a moment to care for it."

"I loathe it," he said, and that was true enough; he anticipated a question as to why on earth he kept it, but Molly was silent, considering. Yes, Snape hated it, but he could no more cut it off than become a can-can dancer. It was him, and a strangely fitting display of his identity, slimy and dark and veiled and ultimately, just plain ugly.

"You shouldn't, dear," she said eventually, very softly. "It's much nicer than you think. It just needs a little attention. You're going to have to learn to be kinder to yourself, Severus, because you're winning the hearts of my household and I have to tell you we don't take kindly to anyone treating a friend badly."

She smiled softly, passed him the bottle of conditioner, and left him in peace.

Severus ducked his head under the water, and considered never coming back up again.

*

It took Severus the rest of the afternoon to compose himself into something like the man he'd been that morning. Dumbledore had had this power over him, the power to turn all his pride and his fear and his beliefs upside down, to strip him away until he was not quite sure who he was any more. He'd done it slowly, worked his way into Severus's morality under Lily's name and made him suddenly realise the truth of him; that he was not working against Voldemort any longer, he was working for the side of light. The side, he'd realised, that was the right one. And yes, Dumbledore was a manipulative bastard, but he'd not been tricked, oh no – he'd been beaten down by the simple fact of being loved.

The thing about Dumbledore, though, was that his love for Snape was hesitant and very conditional. Snape suspected it was to do with Grindelwald, to whom Albus had been foolish enough give love blindly and wildly, and who'd made him pay for his mistake. Molly's, however, was overflowing and simple, requiring nothing more than an ounce of good and the need for it. Snape didn't know how to react to it, aside from with the greatest assurance he did not deserve it – but whereas in the past he might have crushed it out of her with unkindness, he found himself suddenly disinclined to do so. He wanted, just for a little while, to be selfish, and to revel in her affections without caring that he'd received them for no good reason, for no great achievement or behaviour worth her approval.

He had fought for them, though his motives were too often selfish and cold. Maybe that was enough.

He wasn't sure whether he believed that or not, so he ceased thinking about it and dressed for dinner. He was buttoning the cuffs on the white shirt when his afternoon potion arrived, borne most unusually by Miss Granger.

"Oh!" she said in surprise, looking him up and down where he stood against the window. "That's a nice outfit."

There was a note in her voice that spoke of the person behind it, and he was tempted to ask. He turned instead to his plain black robes, and began to pull them on.

"Oh, you're not going to cover it all up, are you?" she blurted, and then blushed. Severus paused, utterly puzzled.

"Certainly I am. It has long been my habit to dress in this manner. Not usually with such expensive shirts."

It was a hint to tell him the purchaser, but Granger was Gryffindor and would never take it.

"Oh," she said instead. "Of course. But I have to say, what's the point?"

"Comfort," he said shortly, and that was true enough. The dungeons were always cold, Voldemort's meeting-places even more so, and wearing muggle trousers gave him the ability to run better if he had to. He had more pockets, too, and an extra layer of protection from the various deadly things he dealt with in both Potions and spying.

It was also true that it was a comfort way beyond that, and Granger was shrewd enough to know that. She knew it, and his insistence to cling to it showed all too well how fragile he was, how out of his depth.

Damn the woman. He set the robe down and took the potion from Granger.

"Thank you, Miss Granger," he said, attempting to inject as much ungratefulness as he could, but something in his throat stopped him from pulling it off properly.

"You could call me Hermione," she said, and blushed again.

"I could ," he said, in a tone that he hoped made it clear he would not. She did not seem upset.

"Alright, sir. See you tonight, then."

She smiled and left him. Severus looked down at the discarded robe and growled. How could some silly child make him feel cowardly for wearing what he always wore?

He glanced in the mirror Molly had conjured for his new clothes. The trousers were perfectly fitting, spelled to tailor themselves to the wearer, and the waistcoat and shirt were quite the same. They seemed to make the best of his shoulders and chest, yet they were just formal and forbidding enough for Snape to accept them. His hair was softer than it usually was, irritatingly long, and he gave himself his perpetual glare from behind it. He recalled what Molly had said, accusing him of hiding – of being like a teenager! – and held it back from his face speculatively. Bill Weasley's ponytail sprang to mind, and he snorted; he doubted any amount of cheekbones and hairbands would ever make him appear so.

He tied it back anyway. He was not hiding. He was tired of hiding, and he had no-one to hide from any more.

Except Potter, of course, but considering the boy had obviously avoided coming anywhere near him while he was conscious, he thought the feeling might be mutual. He found it somewhat hard to believe the claims that he'd fed Snape and sat with him, or that he'd been so concerned. If Potter was so dedicated to his well-being, why cower from their inevitable excruciating confrontation? It was... unlike him.

There was nothing for it, though. He presumed Molly would not be so cruel as to seat him near Potter, knowing how uneasy he was already about the prospect of a party.

He reclined on the bed and picked up a book Genevra had brought him. It did nothing to calm his nerves.

A soft knock a few hours later, and Percy Weasley stuck his head around the door.

"Good to see you, Sir," he said solemnly. "And congratulations on your recovery."

He looked uneasy; Snape had never stood for his pompous manner and tendency to suck up, and he always looked a little as though he didn't know what to do with himself without it. Snape found him exceedingly tiresome, but he recognised him as not the quite the idiot he appeared; on the contrary, he was exceedingly delicate, almost as defensive as Severus himself. Snape wondered what had created it, in such a warm and open household.

"Mother sends me up to say she expects the guests will be arriving soon, and she'd be delighted if you would come down and have an aperitif with them in the kitchen."

"Certainly, Mr Weasley, thank you," he said, for once succumbing to the urge to put the boy at ease. Percy beamed.

"Would you care to walk down with me, Sir?" he asked.

Snape sighed, already regretting the decision.

"Certainly," he said again, and set down his book. Percy Weasley smiled, a little more reservedly this time, and together they walked down the stairs. Snape was glad to note that not once did he require the wall. He dreaded the moment Percy found his voice.

"I say!" he said, as they got into the kitchen, and Snape winced. "I expect you haven't been keeping up with the news at the Ministry! It's quite a revolution, you know, and there's no-one here who wants to talk about it – I mean, mum and dad get far too much of it anyway and the others – well, let's just say none of them are quite as concerned about the future of our government. Yet they will be the ones that complain when there's a system they don't like! It's really –"

"Oh, Percy, dear, the man's ill, I don't think he's up for any heavy politics just yet," said Molly, and Severus tried not to look too relieved. The Weasley kitchen was steaming and smelled delicious, a dozen different pots boiling and tins baking, and Molly and Arthur sat at the table with cups of tea. Snape looked at the table, far too small to accommodate the doubtless dozens of friends and family, and frowned.

"Would you go and see how the boys are doing outside?" asked Molly, and Percy pulled a face and nodded. Snape shivered, and considered going upstairs for his robe. No, the Weasleys were not fools, it would not be cold out there, and really that chair by the cooker looked much more appealing.

"Care for a cup of tea?" said Molly kindly, as Arthur patted the seat beside him and smiled in an amicable sort of way. He looked tired.

"Thank you," said Severus, sitting down slowly. Molly set a teacup in front of him.

"Fancy something stronger in it?" said Arthur, wielding a bottle with a grin younger than his years, and Snape smirked a little at Molly's disapproving look. The tea was good, better for the firewhiskey burn, and it calmed his nerves a little.

"It occurs to me, Molly, I know little of the guest list," he said, and his apprehension must have shown because she patted his hand.

"Well, the whole family, of course, with respective partners... Penelope is coming, isn't she, Arthur?"

Arthur nodded and swigged his tea.

"Oh, good, that will make it easier to seat Percy. And Charlie is definitely not bringing anyone? Not even that dubious friend with the motorbike? Ah, well. Who else? Kinglsey Shacklebolt, he's been very kind about you, even though we've put him in a tricky position. Everyone's saying he'll be Minister within the year, which sits very well with me. Professor McGonagall, she's looking forward to seeing you again –"

"Is she," said Snape faintly.

"And Andromeda and little Teddy, oh, and Neville and Luna, Hagrid is bringing Olympe and a cake, God forbid. The seating plan has been giving me nightmares."

Snape wondered who he would be put beside. He had a sudden flash of fear at the potentials.

"I expect they'll be arriving soon," said Arthur in a cheery manner.

Snape could not drink his tea quickly enough.

"Dear me," said Molly, looking at him. "You really do look ill. Perhaps you should lie down a little longer and I'll call you when there's food."

Snape shook his head.

"No," he said, with the feeling he was planning to walk into his own funeral. Surely, not everyone would be as forgiving as the Weasleys. Shacklebolt would take one look at him and arrest him.

"Severus, dear," said Molly softly, and Snape wished even more that he could run away. "You don't need to worry. I've sat you next to Ginny and Bill, I know you've had at least one civil exchange with them, and you're opposite Kingsley, because you seemed to get along in the war and I thought you might like the opportunity to employ some diplomacy."

"I'm not known for my diplomacy," said Snape.

"Maybe you're not," scolded Molly, "But Lord knows you must have it. I imagine it was quite necessary."

Snape smirked darkly into the dregs of his tea.

"I suppose so."

"You're a Slytherin, man," said Arthur with a grin. "I'm sure making nice is not beyond you."

Severus snorted.

"If you recall, I made the mistake of making nice to the wrong people in my youth and have been forced to do it nearly every day since. I'm somewhat mistrustful of nice ."

Molly smiled.

"Never mind that. Just relax. Be yourself. No amount of sarcasm and grumpiness will make us forget you're a good man. And Harry has been very spirited in your defence, he's spoken to everyone who knows you're alive personally."

"I hear so much about this wonderful Harry Potter – or stupid Harry Potter, according to your daughter – but the wretched boy has not been in my sight or hearing. I'm beginning to believe he's a myth."

Molly shared a smile with Arthur.

"I think he's afraid of an altercation," said Arthur. "I believe he muttered something about you killing him for staring like an idiot while you died."

"Idiot boy. He ought to be afraid for far more than that."

Molly Weasley looked stern.

"Severus, the boy is like a son to me and he's been through as much as you. Hate him if you must, but while you're under our roof I must insist you hold your tongue."

Severus had been trying to avoid thinking about Potter. Potter, who'd seen his most intimate secrets, who'd been dragged into his head, who knew too much about him. Who'd told his secrets to the world , in soppy romanticised form, and who had the ability to make him lose control at the merest word, the merest Potterish gesture. It almost made no sense, that he was so irritated at Potter avoiding him, especially since Severus realised it was probably for the best. There would be curses thrown – quite possibly blows – and Potter would drop his mystifying support, and the Weasleys would kick him out, and he would be arrested and tried and sent to Azkaban.

But Potter was unfinished business of the highest order. Didn't the boy crave the confrontation? It might even be easier in the long run, to erase that feeling in his chest at Molly's kindness, at Ginny's trusting eyes and Arthur's jovial smiles. They'd only come to realise that it was not worth it. Better it happened sooner, before he had time to get used to it.

"I will try," he found himself saying, because he couldn't stop himself reaching out, trying to pretend he was worth something. Albus had made him feel this way, and he'd hated every second of that, too. Even if it had made him feel less wretched.

Molly smiled, and he hated it. He struggled to think of some scathing remark to push her away, but a knock at the door stopped him. Severus clenched the teacup tighter, and Arthur took pity on him and topped him up. Molly bustled to the door.

"Oh, Kingsley! How nice to see you! Come in, come in!"

"I am a little early," he said, in his smooth, low voice. Pleasant and melodic, remembered Snape, and recalled as he looked up that the rest of Kingsley Shacklebolt was rather attractive too. "Perhaps I can be some help?"

Molly led him into the kitchen. Severus set down his tea and nodded, sneer repressed. Kingsley gave him a nod in return.

"No, no," said Molly, bustling over to the many pans on the stove. "It's all just bubbling away now, and the boys are out back preparing the garden."

Kingsley gave Molly a solemn smile. Molly beamed. Severus reflected that Kingsley Shacklebolt was indeed a good candidate for Minister. Good-looking, serious, calm and very competent.

"Severus," said Kingsley next, turning to him. He offered his hand. "I understand from Harry that you are to be thanked for your heroism in the face of Lord Voldemort."

Snape rose to shake his hand, repressing his shudder and nodding deferentially.

"Potter has a tendency to romanticise," he said. "It was hardly heroism. It was war."

Shacklebolt nodded seriously.

"Nevertheless, we owe you a debt, and I understand Harry wishes to make that recognised. I would be glad to help in any way I can."

"That is very kind," said Severus, who could feel the tension creeping up his back. "But I have put you in a difficult position, and I must apologise. You need not offer me what might jeopardise your career."

Arthur was smiling, amused and pleased. Severus concentrated on keeping his calm and resisting the urge to bolt. One day, all this would die down, and he could retreat somewhere into early retirement. Potions all day, his large collection of books, and good alcohol for the evening, all courtesy of Albus's secret pre-death inheritance.

"It is no trouble," said Kingsley. "I believe it will cause me no grief. I would be honoured."

Snape bowed his head in gratitude and sat back down before he fell.

"Tea, Kingsley?" said Arthur, as another knock sounded, a very loud one. Molly dashed out to greet the newcomers.

"Hagrid!" he heard. "Madame Maxine!"

"Do call me Olympe," said a cultured French voice.

"Oh, of course, Olympe," said Molly. "And Penelope, how good to see you! Percy is round the back, dear, I expect he'll appreciate being rescued! Would you two like to come in? Or would you prefer to join the boys around the back? I believe Fleur is there with Bill, and I expect Harry will be delighted to see you, Hagrid. Can I offer you a drink?"

Hagrid's laughed boomed through to the kitchen.

"I think it migh' be easier not ter squeeze into yer kitchen," he said with his customary joviality. "We'll just go round th' back. An' don't worry about drinks – I brought me own. Don' wanna drink you outta house and home, eh?"

Molly laughed in what sounded like a slightly nervous manner.

"You know your way, of course?"

"Yeah, course," said Hagrid. "We'll jus' nip round."

"We will be out in a minute with soup. Oh, Andromeda!"

Snape took a deep breath and tried not to think of the masses of people (mainly Gryffindor people) who might want to talk to him about the war, might want to yell at him, even, and really he would rather not be reminded of the war just yet. And Andromeda had always looked so alarmingly like Bella. He made a mental note to ask what had happened to the other Black sisters.

Molly came back into the kitchen with Andromeda Tonks in tow. There was a small bundle in her arms – Lupin's child, he thought with a jolt. Andromeda was a little less beautiful than her sisters, with long dark hair she kept plaited and far more lines around her eyes than Bella had ever developed, waxy and stretched as she was. It made her look a little more motherly, a little more approachable, and the babe in her arms rather completed the picture. She looked very tired.

"Sit down, dear, would you like a drink? Cup of tea?"

"That would be lovely, Molly," she said softly. She smiled at Kingsley as she sat down, but gave Severus a cold look. He wondered if it was a specific offence or a general dislike that prompted it.

"Andromeda," he said, nodding his head. "I am sorry for your losses."

She laughed dully.

"Oh Severus, spare me the niceties. As I understand it, you hated them both. Not that you care for anyone but yourself anyway."

Molly looked shocked; Snape was merely irritated.

"What do you know of who I care for?" he said, with a sneer to be proud of. "I found your daughter an irritating student, for which I will not apologise, and I did not hate your son-in-law so much as his acquaintance with your wretched dog of a cousin – for which I will also not apologise."

"As if you'd apologise for anything," said Andromeda. "I remember you in school – foul little boy."

"And you were a stuck up bitch, much like your sisters," snapped Snape. "But the fact remains I was entirely sincere. Their deaths were senseless and too soon, and I'd thank you not to presume you know how I feel."

Andromeda went quiet. Snape did the only thing he could, and drank his tea. Molly was giving him a strange look; Severus prepared himself for recriminations, but she only smiled.

"Well, I was quite beginning to think there wasn't any Severus Snape left in that head, you've been so quiet," she said, and smiled to diffuse the tension. He glared. "Dromeda, dear, may I hold Teddy? You know, we've all been dying to see him. Harry in particular has been worrying, I think he takes his godfatherly duties very seriously, what with... his own experiences."

"Stupid boy," snapped Snape, before he could stop himself; he did not seem to be able to hold his tongue when Potter was concerned. "There's a difference between being oprhaned and kept in a cupboard and being orphaned but left among good and loving people. I'm sure it'll be spoiled rotten."

"He ," said Molly sternly, then frowned. "A cupboard? I know the muggles were bad, Severus, but surely you exaggerate?"

Snape snorted.

"You mean he hasn't told you? For the first eleven years of his life he slept in a cupboard, ate the scraps from his bloated cousin's meals and did all the manual labour he could be expected to manage. Did you never wonder why he was such a short, skinny little brat? James Potter was never that small."

"You must be mistaken, Severus, Dumbledore –"

"His first Hogwarts letter was addressed to The Cupboard Under The Stairs. Dumbledore knew all about it, Molly, and ignored it for his 'greater cause'."

"But how do you know, Severus? Do you mean to say you knew about it all along and still gave him such trouble?"

"I wasn't the only one with a bad childhood," said a soft voice, and everyone whirled. Potter was stood in the doorway, face scarlet and eyes downcast in shame, and Severus recognised the feeling behind the look with aching familiarity.

"It wasn't even that bad, really. I mean, Dudley's leftovers were the average person's meal sometimes, and Uncle Vernon never hit me –" a quick glance at Snape, or more accurately Snape's knees, and he corrected, "Never really hit me, at least, not much –" he went even deeper scarlet, and looked up at Molly. "And Dudley's cast-offs may have been hideous but they were Marks and Spencers, and when I got to Hogwarts I had money and friends and family and people on my side – I was lucky, really. The table's set, Mrs Weasley."

"Call me Molly, dear, please," murmured the woman, looking appalled, and Potter nodded and fled.

Snape stared at the space he had occupied and hated it. Potter had implied even more private details of Snape's life, which was supposed to be his, for Merlin's sake – but then, what had he been doing but spilling Potter's childhood secrets? Not that he'd known they were secrets – could Molly really have been so deceived? Had they really not known? He'd assumed that was why Potter received such sympathy from the woman. Obviously the boy had managed to win her affections on his own merits, though clearly it wasn't that hard. And why was Potter avoiding his eyes? It was infuriating, that the boy had somehow developed a cowardly streak amongst all that irresponsible bravery.

There was another thing to hate, thought Severus. This was his first proper look at Potter in a while. At some point, the boy had decided to cease being the skinny little clone of James that Snape had been imagining. Harry Potter was too pretty to be like his father, too delicate. Harry Potter was now rather beautiful.

"Sorry, tea, wasn't it?" said Molly to Andromeda, sniffing a little and pulling Snape out of his disturbing reverie, and bustled into the steamy corners of the room to hunt down a mug. Snape downed the rest of his doctored tea, and shook his head when Arthur offered to top him up again. His throat burned, but it was a welcome distraction.

"I think I will get some air," he said softly, and rose. He walked outside, unsure where he could go to find peace as the back garden would be dominated by Weasley children and the front garden would have more visitors traversing the path soon enough. He chose to rest against the front fence, angled out into the road, and he didn't notice Ginevra behind him until she cleared her throat.

"What did you say to Harry?" she demanded, hands on hips. Snape snorted.

"Nothing," he said. "As far as I can tell, the boy is trying his level best to pretend I don't exist."

"You said something ," said Ginevra, her customary ferocity coming to the fore. "He was laughing earlier, he seemed happier, but now he's doing his stupid shutting everyone out thing and it drives me insane! So what. Did. You. Say ?"

"I did not say anything intentionally hurtful. If you want to know more, I expect the best course of action would be to ask him."

"But he won't talk! I asked Ron and Hermione about it and apparently he does it all the time – but surely he shouldn't to me, right? I mean, I'm meant to be the one he turns to!"

"How much do you know of Potter's childhood, Miss Weasley?" he said, sighing.

"I know his Aunt and Uncle weren't very nice. I know Fred and George once staged a rescue and there were bars on his window. Why, what's it got to do with you? You didn't say anything about his parents, did you? I don't think he could take that, especially not from you. You're the only one left who knew his mother, you know."

"No, Miss Weasley," he said, with patience he did not know he had. "I was going to make the point that they were considerably worse than 'not very nice' and that as a consequence Potter is a social incompetent. He has some not inconsiderable issues and I very much doubt he would know how to start in sharing. Years of being ignored coupled with Dumbledore heaping responsibility for the world exclusively on his shoulders has made him egocentric, repressed, overly responsible, irrational and angry. And if you are feeling the urge to deny this assessment, I think you might do very well to reconsider pursuing a relationship with him."

Ginevra shut her mouth against her defence, which would have been undoubtedly spirited.

"You really know him, don't you?" she said quietly.

"Unfortunately," said Snape. "A symptom of being forced to rifle through his head regularly."

Ginevra looked a little puzzled at this, but quickly pulled back to her fierce look.

"Except you don't know him at all," she said. "You may know all of his faults but you know nothing about his good points. He's braver and smarter and kinder and more caring than you'd ever give him credit for, and despite all the rubbish he's been through he's still trying to be good. And he really cares about you, he's had about a million arguments with people he's never yelled at before over you, so if you did say anything to hurt him –"

"I assure you, I did nothing more than inadvertently dredge up unpleasant memories. And he did quite the same to me, with far more intent. His help is all very well, but being in the same room as him seems at best inadvisable."

"Oh," said Ginny softly. She paused. "Are you okay, then?"

Snape stared at her.

"Yes," he said, startled into an answer. "Yes, Miss Weasley, I'm quite fine. Potter may have a bent for repression, but I assure you I am king of it."

Ginny giggled nervously.

"All right," she said, and strode off back the way she'd come. When Severus had finished staring blankly at the space she'd occupied, wondering just what had gotten into the heads of the Weasley clan, he looked up to meet the eyes of Professor McGonagall.

"Severus," she said, voice cool.

"Minerva," he replied, and where had his capacity to sound calm and collected gone?

Minerva just looked at him for a long moment, lips pursed, hair in its customary severe bun, transporting him uncomfortably to his youth. Where could he begin to justify himself to her? She'd watched him take pleasure in abusing his power, watched him allow the Carrows more licence than he would have liked, watched him take out all the frustrations of his position on her precious Gryffindors.

"Minerva –"

"Oh, Severus!" she burst suddenly. "Why didn't you tell me? Oh, don't answer that, you silly man, I know why, but playing double agent all on your own? Surely you could have confided in someone. I made life very difficult for you at Hogwarts, when all you needed to do was tell me and we could have made some sort of plan!"

"It was not safe to tell you, Minerva, for me or you. And do you think you could do it? Watch me do what I did, tolerate the helplessness, the sense of responsibility, when you already had so much to do? Not to mention, could you forgive me, knowing how much of my pleasure was not faked and how easy I seemed to have it?"

"It was not yours to bear all on your own!" said McGonagall, and to his surprise she sounded almost tearful. "Oh, Albus did a good job on you, didn't he? You and Harry, pushing everyone away, taking responsibility when the whole world would be willing to help you bear the weight –"

"But the whole world did not have to. I was perfectly capable, Minerva –"

"Oh, you idiot," she said, and hugged him. Snape went rigid with shock. Certainly, he had seen Minerva cry before, but hug? It was a rare thing indeed, and certainly not something he would have imagined receiving.

Mercifully, she let go quickly, and smoothed down his waistcoat in a brisk fashion.

"You look good," she said, all business now. "Not hiding under all that robe. Your tailor must be a formidable one, to persuade you out of them."

"Why must everyone accuse me of hiding?" snapped Snape. "I happen to be very fond of my usual robes."

"So why not wear them tonight, Severus?" said McGonagall, brow arching.

"To prove that I have no need to hide," he said, crossing his arms, and McGonagall snorted.

"Walk me up the path, Severus," she said, not bothering to make it a request, and Severus surrendered his arm without fuss. They returned to the kitchen; Molly looked quietly pleased to see the two of them standing together, though Severus doubted that this would be the end of it from Minerva.

A moment or two of greeting, and Severus was just contemplating another tea when another two faces at the door – a dreamy, vacant one, belonging to Loony Lovegood, whom Severus would have to learn to call Luna despite the fact she'd waffled about him being a tragic soul to the Prophet, and another painfully familiar one which Snape had been dreading ever since he'd made his rash promise of an apology.

"Oh, Luna, Neville! How nice to see you!" said Molly, all brightness, and Neville smiled at her nervously before looking straight at Snape. He was alarmed to realise it was he who wanted to flinch, not the boy. Severus nodded, and Longbottom looked away.

Molly, of course, did not notice the tension, though Lovegood looked curious.

"I think that's the last of us, then!" she said brightly. "Shall we go out to the table?"

A bustle as those who'd been seated rose, and Severus decided he was going to have to simply do what his conscience demanded. He'd swallowed more pride than he thought possible these past weeks, a little more could hardly hurt.

"Longbottom," he snapped, and it was a strange relief to note he could still make the boy flinch.

"W-what?" he said, and Severus forbade himself to appreciate the stutter.

"May I have a word?"

Longbottom looked mystified, of course, and not a little terrified; the rest of the room looked curious, apart from Minerva, who was using her most threatening glare. He rolled his eyes at her and tapped his foot impatiently as the room emptied.

"Yes, Sir?" said Longbottom softly, when all was quiet, and Severus worked his jaw, trying to form the words.

"I feel there are some things I need to explain to you," he said, and he realised he was still doing his teaching voice when the boy looked alarmed. He took a deep breath.

"Longbottom," he started, and the alarm seemed to fade from the boy's face a little, as though he was beginning to get what Severus was trying to do.

"You have been an appalling student over the years, appalling to the point of deadly, and I confess I have had less than zero patience for it. You may have noticed."

Longbottom, to his surprise, grinned ruefully.

"I'm not going to apologise, as I fear it may give one or both of us heart failure, but I will say that in the past year you have proved most of my many and varied insults quite wrong."

The grin faded to plain surprise. It was not a terribly attractive look.

"Shut your mouth, Longbottom, you look like a fish. You may have noticed that last year I may have targeted you rather more than some. This was partly because of your little rebellion group, but initially I assure you it was pure vindictiveness. I believed you easy to cow, and the more compliant Gryffindors there were, the easier it would be. Of course, compliant Gryffindors is a simple impossibility, and you clearly asserted your right to be a member of that incredibly infuriating House. I do not take kindly to being proved wrong, so I'll admit it was more than easy to come up with creative ways to make you suffer.

"However, quite rapidly I came to realise I was vastly underestimating you. Every detention you survived, and seemed stronger for it, and your detentions after that became mostly curiosity on my part. Basically, Longbottom, you impressed me, and I thought it ought to be said. You are worthy of your position in the House of the brave, and I was gravely mistaken to ever imply otherwise."

Severus took in a deep breath. He'd said it, and there was bile in his throat for it, but it was just one little thing to do to make it easier. One little thing before he could retire to his quiet cottage and never think of the war again.

Longbottom was silent for a long moment. Eventually, he looked up, and choked out:

"Imply, sir?"

"Don't push it, Longbottom," he said, but to his surprise he did not mean it.

Neville nodded stiffly, and walked out of the kitchen. Slowly, and somewhat robotically.

Severus collapsed against the counter, and covered his face with his hands.