Rebecca and Vicca - Nasty Anal Nurses

The receptionist at the clinic led me to the examination room and 
told me to get undressed.  She said that Nurse Rebecca would be there 
to see me in a few minutes.  When she left the room and closed the 
door I shed my clothing and sat on the examination table and waited.

In a few minutes the door opened and a petite, slender, blonde woman 
entered.  The way she carried herself made her appear not so petite, 
and her voice had a pleasant, and at the same time, commanding tone 
to it.

After introducing herself as Nurse Rebecca, she said she wanted to 
check my prostate, and told me to stand up and bend over the 
examination table.  I looked back and saw her putting on a latex 
glove.  Just then the door opened and another nurse came in.  She 
looked as though she was Nurse Rebecca's co-worker and possibly her 
assistant.  

"Come on in, Vicca, I'm about to check his prostate.  I want you to 
check it too," Rebecca said.  Nurse Rebecca lubed up her middle 
finger and, with the other hand, spread open my nether parts, 
exposing my back hole.  She inserted her finger, and spoke to Vicca.  
"First you check for impaction.  Okay, none here at this time.  Then 
you locate the prostate.  It's about the size of an almond if it's 
healthy.  Check for enlargement."  Nurse Rebecca probed some more.  
"This one's a little enlarged, but nothing too drastic.  Now feel for 
any anomalies.  You've got to press hard enough..."  

I groaned as Nurse Rebecca vigorously massaged my prostate.  My penis 
was becoming erect and at the same time, it seeped prostatic fluid.

"Okay Vicca, I want you to check his prostate now and tell me what 
you observe," Nurse Rebecca instructed as she pulled out and held me 
down in a nonverbal command to stay where I was.

I felt Vicca's hands as she tried to emulate Rebecca's actions.  
Cautiously, Vicca spread my nether cheeks and inserted the lubricated 
finger of her gloved hand all the way in.  She then felt her way 
around until she encountered my prostate.  "Okay, there it is," Vicca 
mentioned.

Rebecca instructed Vicca, "Now work your finger all around it so that 
you'll know what it feels like."  As Vicca followed her instructions 
my erection was growing, despite my embarrassment.  "When you have 
the feel of it," Rebecca continued, "press on the center of the 
prostate.  Then, from different angles, press it towards its center.  
Remember that you need to press hard."

I squirmed as Vicca's finger pressed, quite hard, on my prostate.  
Her ministrations caused more fluid to seep from my now raging 
hard-on.  The prostate massage felt good in a way, and was also 
uncomfortable in another way, hard to describe.  A few moments passed 
with Vicca prodding, squeezing, and pushing at my prostate.  Finally 
she withdrew and disposed of her glove.

"Stand up and turn around," Nurse Rebecca ordered.  "Vicca, please 
bring a paper towel."  When Vicca approached with the requested item, 
Rebecca continued, "Now milk the prostatic fluid from his penis, and 
then we'll get his enemas ready."  Vicca, with a slight smile, 
grasped my instantly erect member and slowly and sensuously worked 
the seepage out into the paper towel.  After most of the fluid had 
been worked out, she lightly brushed the very tip of my penis with 
the paper towel in order to get all of the seepage.  I couldn't help 
emitting a gasp due to the sensitivity of my skin at that point.  
Then she disposed of the paper towel.

"Get up on the table now, on your hands and knees," Nurse Rebecca 
commanded. "To help you relax I'm going to insert this little 
vibrator egg..."  She spread some lubricant all over a plastic 
oblong-shaped gizmo that was about three-quarter inch wide and two 
inches long, and slipped it inside me.  With a coy smile, she started 
the vibrating action.  What a turn-on that was - she went through 
different speeds, observing my reaction (and my throbbing erection) 
before setting it at its lowest setting.  "Now I'm going to leave it 
on like that and fix your enema.  We'll be back in a couple of 
minutes."

Then both women left the room.  After a few minutes, they returned, 
carrying the apparatus with which I was about to be well hosed and 
nozzled.

Vicca hung the large red enema bag on the stand by the examination 
table.  Rebecca obtained the lubricant and instructed Vicca, "Now you 
want to generously lube the part of the nozzle which will be inside 
his rectum.  As you know, this is a foley catheter. (pause while 
Vicca lubed the business end of the nozzle)...  Okay now, you spread 
him like this... (Rebecca expertly spread my cheeks apart) ... and 
get it aligned...  and now very quickly insert it completely."  Nurse 
Rebecca shoved the business end of the nozzle inside me.

"Now you give this inflation bulb for the inside cuff a couple of 
squeezes so that he won't leak at all.  Be very careful and do not 
overinflate the cuff."  Rebecca gave two slow squeezes to the 
inflation bulb.  I immediately felt very full, just like when you 
have to go.  Nurse Rebecca continued, "Now inflate the outer cuff, 
and this will ensure retention."  She squeezed the bulb for the 
external inflation cuff.  Speaking to me, she continued, "Now lie on 
your back."

After I had maneuvered onto my back, I was told to bend my knees and 
spread my feet.  Nurse Rebecca attached a hose between the enema bag 
and the retention nozzle.  This hose had a bulb in the center of it 
that looked as though it was a squeeze bulb.

"This is a modified version of a higginson syringe," Rebecca stated.  
"Unlike a true higginson, it allows the flow to continue without 
squeezing it, but it also holds a supply of water in the bulb so that 
we can 'get things going' if needed.  We're going to set the flow to 
a fairly slow rate, and once the bag is empty, you need to retain the 
enema for at least five minutes.  Please start the flow, Vicca"

Vicca needed no further encouragement and clicked the release.  I 
felt the water slowly entering me.  Rebecca turned her attention to 
Vicca.  "Now the flow has almost stopped.  When that happens, we give 
a squeeze or two like this," she said, and gave the bulb a good 
squeeze.  I groaned as I felt the surge of water streaming into my 
bowels.  Nurse Rebecca came to my side and started to gently massage 
my abdominal area.  My penis got alternately erect and relaxed, 
depending on the amount of cramping and discomfort.  Rebecca had no 
qualms about talking about this phenomenon to Vicca.  "With some 
clients, their state of arousal is a pretty good indicator of the 
flow rate.  This one likes the touching.  When he's fairly aroused, 
we can give the bulb another squeeze."  With a giggle, she reached 
over and squeezed the bulb.  I felt another surge and in a moment my 
throbbing hard-on had subsided to about half-mast.

The enema filled me up to the point where I felt extremely full and I 
started to vocalize my plight to the women, who nodded 
understandingly but otherwise didn't provide any relief.  Finally all 
the enema was inside me and Vicca closed the clamp.

"Now you've got to retain the enema for at least five minutes," 
Rebecca instructed.  While Rebecca continued to massage my abdominal 
area and encourage me to breathe deeply, Vicca's hands found their 
way to the insides of my thighs, tantalizingly stroking my skin and 
working their way ever closer to my groin.  Occasionally Vicca 
lightly brushed her fingers on my testicles and penis, just enough to 
teasingly get my attention away from the retained enema.  After what 
felt like an extremely long time, Rebecca told me that she would give 
me about fifteen minutes to get rid of this enema, and that they'd be 
back with my second enema then.  She deflated the nozzle and I 
hot-footed it to the bathroom for long-awaited relief.

Afterward, Rebecca and Vicca entered the room with a full enema bag.  
Vicca secured it to the stand.  "Up on all fours now," commanded 
Rebecca, while she lubricated the nozzle.  "Vicca, I'd like you to 
insert the nozzle and inflate the cuffs."

Vicca donned a disposable glove and pushed a well lubed finger into 
my back end, spreading lubricant around on the inside, and with a sly 
smile also managed to give a couple of squeezes to my prostate.  
Spreading my hind cheeks with one hand, she quickly and skillfully 
inserted the nozzle and inflated the cuffs.

"Over on your back now," Vicca, taking charge, instructed.  She 
connected the hose and started the flow.  Both Rebecca and Vicca 
massaged my abdominal area as the fluid entered me.

"Pump him, Vicca," instructed Rebecca when she observed that the flow 
had slowed down.  Vicca, with a wide smile, reached over and gave the 
bulb a good squeeze.  It felt like an entire quart of water whooshed 
in me all at once, although I know that it was only a few ounces.  
Rebecca giggled, "Don't you love the way they squirm when you pump 
the bulb?"  

A few moments elapsed, and Rebecca said to me, "There is less 
obstruction now, so the enema is going in you faster.  You still need 
to retain it for five minutes once it is all inside you.  Vicca, pump 
him some more, and be ready to keep pumping him if the flow is at all 
slow."

Vicca gave another good squeeze and I groaned and squirmed while the 
women giggled.  They were obviously enjoying this part.  Every few 
seconds, Vicca gave the bulb another hearty squeeze.  I wiggled, 
groaned, and protested that I was very full.  My reactions only 
increased their enjoyment of the scene before them.  When the bag 
finally emptied Vicca closed the clamp.  Her fingers then wandered 
down to my genital area and her teasing touches kept my mind somewhat 
off my discomfort.  After five long minutes, she deflated the cuffs, 
withdrew the nozzle and said they'd be back in twenty minutes for my 
third enema.

I got rid of all the enema and had a couple of minutes to spare.  
Vicca walked in alone with a medium sized cardboard box and set it 
down.  She mentioned that Rebecca was called away on an urgent matter 
and that since my appointment was the last one today everyone else 
went home, and that she would be taking care of me for my third 
enema.  

"First, I want you to get on the examination table, on your back, and 
scoot all the way to the front.  That's it.  Now, I want you to put 
your feet in these stirrups.  Yes, I know you feel exposed.  Come on. 
 Good.  Now stay like that.  I'll bring your enema in a little bit."

Vicca walked in a few minutes later with a full enema bag and hung it 
on its stand.  Then, to my considerable surprise, she unbuttoned her 
uniform dress and stepped out of it.  She stripped all her clothes 
off and stated, "Your next enema is going to be a little different 
from the other two."  Vicca opened a shelf door and pulled out what 
looked like a strangely shaped nozzle on some kind of harness.  She 
proceeded to fasten the harness around her hips so that the nozzle 
was sticking out from her pubic area.  The thick nozzle appeared 
somewhat flexible, was about six inches long, and had a bulbous tip 
more than an inch wide, and only slightly tapered to a shaft with 
ridges on it.  There was a nipple close to the base of it for 
attaching an enema hose.  Vicca made a few adjustments and then 
fitted the enema hose to the base of the nozzle.  I observed as she 
generously lubricated it, and then she was ready for action.  
Standing in front of me, Vicca lifted my testicles out of the way 
with one hand as she spread my cheeks open with her other hand.

"Okay, now, innnnnn we go," Vicca said as she slowly thrust the dildo 
nozzle into me.  "I won't start the flow yet - I want to work this 
nozzle in and out a little first," she said as she repeatedly thrust 
with long, even strokes.  The nozzle was thick enough so that every 
thrust inward stimulated my prostate and caused my erection to stand 
up more rigid until it was pointing straight up.

Vicca stopped thrusting and started the enema.  Grasping my hips with 
both hands, she stayed fairly still, giving a little in-out thrust 
every now and then while looking at me with a teasing smile.  After 
the last of the enema drained from the bag and Vicca closed the hose 
clamp, I felt extremely full.  Vicca kept up the occasional thrusting 
for several minutes while I retained the enema.  Then, staying where 
she was, she spread some lubricant on both her hands.  With one hand 
lightly manipulating my testicles and the other hand stroking my 
rigid hard-on, she resumed the thrusting.  Slowly at first, and later 
quickening the pace, she kept my prostate stimulated and brought me 
closer to orgasm.

The effect of Vicca's thrusting, combined with the work of her hands 
on my testicles and penis, in addition to the intense pressure of the 
large enema inside me, brought on one of most powerful orgasms I have 
ever experienced.  I spurted and spurted, making incoherent sounds as 
the orgasm wracked my whole body.  When the paroxysms subsided, Vicca 
slowly pulled out and helped me stand up to go evacuate.

I used the shower at the clinic to get cleaned up.  Spent and 
satisfied, I prepared to leave.  Vicca walked up to me and said, "I 
know these sessions are expensive, because of the time spent and the 
clinic setting and the fact that there are two of us providing your 
treatment.  If you're interested in a little different setting and 
saving some expense, I can take a limited number of appointments at 
my house on the weekend.  Interested?"

Enthusiastically, I told her I'd be very interested.

"Good.  Here's my card, with my other phone number on it."

I glanced at the card and noticed that she had written a different 
name on it.  "Anjie?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied.  "Ask for Anjie when you call, but during 
sessions call me Vicca."

"Great - I'll call you soon for an appointment."


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
