ey! I am Sameer, a lover of Indian Sex Stories. I am 19 and doing my MBBS from Aga Khan University and living in Karachi with my only sister Seema, 21, in an apartment in Gulshan-e-Iqbal. She is doing MBA from IBA. My Mummy & Daddy were here but last year my father got transferred to Lahore, ultimately my mother left with him, leaving the two of us here to complete our studies ?...... and to do whatever we did last month! Let me tell you something more about us. I am 5&#8242;8&#8243; with a beautiful masculine build-up. Because of my outstanding attractiveness, two of my girl classmates try to please me and ask for friendship with me, but I used to refuse by telling them that I am in love with someone else. Who is she? I never told it to anyone.....

Now this is first time that I am sharing it with Indian-Stories and thereby with all of my friends on the net.

AHA... You are waiting for the name, and then listen! She is Seema, my sister -- the goddess of beauty. Just imagine a girl, 5&#8242;5&#8243;, snow-white color, bluish gray eyes and above all with deadliest boobs. Being alone with her, gave me a golden chance to materialize my dreams about her. Luckily we have good understanding from our childhood. We used to study together at night, sharing our knowledge.

The Story began when about a month ago she handed over to me a CD with its title "Medical & Sex Education in the Family", telling that she has purchased it for me because she thought it might help me in my MBBS. I was stunned but had to thank her with a brotherly kiss. To my surprise, in reply she lifted me towards herself embracing hastily ... and it appeared to me that actually she was massaging my chest with her ?bra-less? boobs. For the moment I got shattered, and my "organ of love" started throbbing. She noticed it and pulled me onto the carpet, putting me underneath she lay over me, and started kissing me again vigorously. By that time I realized that something was wrong with her. Although this was actually my dream to fuck her, but thinking at that time that a brother and sister should avoid touching each other like the way we were doing then, I asked her grimly "Seema what is happening with you?" She stood up at once "No nothing .. you know brother, I just love you very much and nothing else...." and she left the room. I was perplexed ? what to do and what not to do?

At the dinning table we kept quit, and both of us left for our bedrooms just after a short study spell. I was very tired and slept immediately. At 1 AM in the night I woke up because of my wet pajama pertaining to the nightfall, which I had, since I had been fucking Seema in my dreams. Suddenly, my eyes went to the computer table and I saw my PC was not there. I rushed towards Seema's room to ask her if she was using my PC? I stopped at the door after listening her moaning voice. I was stoned to see her through the keyhole, doing masturbation with her finger, completely naked. My PC was playing the CD, which my sweet sister bought for me today ___ just to teach me "family sex". Something flashed in my mind, and realizing the golden situation, I undressed myself except my underwear and knocked the door keeping my eyes on the keyhole. To my surprise, I saw her approaching the door in the same naked state; now I concluded in my mind that she was not only expecting me at the time and but in fact she had staged all of this for the climax moment which was approaching. I couldn't stand this anymore and ultimately pressed the door. OH... it was not locked ?. the very nude beauty queen was in front of me.

She laughed, ?Pyaray bhai, you always wanted this, isn?t it?. She was more anxious then she and started fondling with my organ. I then started kissing her. After a few minutes she said, ?Janoo?.. come on now please fuck me, fuck me big brother'. I saw her clean shaved pussy and white ass. I just couldn?t resist myself to kiss those beautiful ass cheeks. I licked her waist and nibbled at her gorgeous, soft nipples making her fill with pleasure. Meanwhile, she removed my underwear and was shocked to see my big organ for the first time which I was going to put it inside her. I told her to suck my masculine pride. She grabbed my thick cock in two hands and put it inside her mouth and started licking on it. I started ramming my cock in her mouth, pinning my big balls on her cheeks. After 5 minutes, I stared licking her beautiful cunt and squeezing her breasts with all my strength. She then slowly got to her knees and started sucking. The feelings I was having were incredible. I mean she must have done this before because the way she licked and sucked my dick was incredible.

She slowly licked the tip of my dick first then with her hand she would move my shaft up and down. She then would put the hold thing in her mouth and play with it with her tongue inside her mouth. I quickly grabbed her tits and started to fondle them. The harder I squeezed her tits the harder she sucked. She did this for at least 10 minutes and I could not take it any longer. I told her to take it out because I was about to cum. She just looked at me at this point and started sucking even harder. I guess she got turned on by it. I was screaming and without a second thought, just cummed out of her mouth She then told me to climb into bed and she would be right back. I did not ask any questions and waited till she came back. This time I decided to take charge. So when she came towards the bed, I grabbed her by the arm and threw her on the bed. I slowly went to her tits and started licking her nipples. With my tongue I started moving in a circular motion. She could not get enough of that. I sucked her nipples until they were rock hard. Then I moved to her belly, I quickly licked her outer cunt lips. With every lick she would spread her legs more and more. I then took my two fingers and spread her pussy wide. She screamed "Sameer bhai jaldi karo?.jaldi, main mar jaon gee?. This only excited me more and I continued.

At this point my dick was still aching from the blow job I received earlier but I knew I had to put it inside of her it was now or never. So I got up, leaned over her, looked her straight in her eyes and she said "Please, Isay jaldi say andar dalo?. I slowly put the head of my dick inside of her. I then pushed harder and harder until all of it was inside of her. She wrapped her legs around my waist and the harder I pushed the harder she squeezed her legs around my waist. She moaned, "faster faster ". That is all I need to hear to give it to her harder. Well I told her I was gonna cum again. I was about to take it out and then she told me to leave it inside. I told her I did not want her to get pregnant. She said she has taken care of it already. So I let it all go. By this point I was a bit tired and just left my dick inside of her and rested on her soft breasts. I gently nibbled on the nipples again. She then got up. My dick was red as hell and I thought that was enough and was not gonna get hard any more tonight. Well when she got up I laid on my back. She gently lifted my dick with her two fingers. As soon as she touched it, it hardened again. I was amazed?. She then gently sat on it. I felt it go inside her again. She then started rocking back and forth on it. I was in heaven of pleasure again.

So.. by now this is all ladies and gentle man. My sexy sweet Seema gets me to love her whenever we please. I don?t masturbate anymore as I have a cunt or mouth waiting to share the mutual happiness right in the next room --- at least for one more year.

Nowadays, I am thoroughly enjoying my sex life.Aha ?.. one thing you must know that last week I also enjoyed two of Seema?s friends who came with her to our apartment. Seema then disclosed to my surprise that she has yet another sex activity in her life since a year or so?. that she is a ?Lesbian? as well?.. I encouraged her a lot since it gives us another dimensions of enjoying sex?. Finally thanks to the ?Family Sex? CD which led us to a step ahead i.e. Community Sex?. Any lady interested is welcome to share the happiness?.. Good Luck?. bye

