All The Fun Of The Theme Park
by CatoriSinopa

Public D/s play with added toys.

Wren stood outside the theme park and shivered a little, the spring day was

still a little chilly but she was glad of it. If what they had planned happened then she had no doubt she would soon be more than warm enough. Walking through the entrance gates she spotted Yuki, he was hard to miss, six foot of gorgeous

muscular man with thick dark brown hair that fell just to his shoulders in silky waves and always caught people's attention, his smile and warm whiskey coloured eyes made him a strikingly beautiful man. Wren felt very lucky his Boyfriend had loaned him to her for the day, she had played with the two before, and they with her, they shared an unusual friendship where they would on occasion do scenes together or just have fun. The guys were only open with her and she with them, she loved them dearly but theirs was just a sexual friendship, the two guys were head over heels and Wren had the lucky position to be able to be between them sometimes.

This type of day was usually done with them both here, mainly because they loved overwhelming her with their double dose of dominance and she loved challenging them at every turn. But Sen was busy at work today and had told Yuki to give Wren a doubly hard time of it and keep him informed via text. Wren was nervous, she had wanted this awhile and they had done similar, but in remote parks or areas where few people actually were. This was a fairly busy theme park, it was adults only day thankfully, but there were still lots of people about. She was pulled into the locker area where Yuki pushed a bag into her hand and instructed her to go to the bathroom. She knew the drill, from now on she could only stop this if she safeworded out.

She slipped into the bathroom stall blushing as she pulled out a silk bag, inside was an unusually shaped wearable vibe, a medium-sized plug and a sachet of lube. She went to the bathroom, washed her hands and slipped back into the stall slipping the vibe inside her pussy and tucking her panties back over it, it made her bite her lip even when not on, brushing against her g spot as she moved. Her long summer dress would keep it hidden but she worried if she got too wet. Though with the dress nearly hitting the floor she should be safe. Thankfully with a dress on she was limited on what rides she could go on. She glared at the plug and put it back in the bag, maybe later.

Yuki smiled when she walked out, his innocent smile not reflecting the no doubt filthy thoughts he was having, he tutted at the plug still in the bag and made her promise to later put it in also. They strolled down the main street hand in hand, giggling at the fountains soaking people unexpectedly. Wren was sipping a juice when she felt a low but insistent vibration start inside her, glaring at Yuki intently looking at his mobile and no doubt checking out the app settings. He made her jump and almost spill the juice when he ran it up to max for a split second. Her full body shivered as he turned it off and she had to stop herself from whining. She had gone still, legs clenched together until he walked over, stroked her arm and pulled her hand onto a smaller rollercoaster. He kept turning the vibe on and off and Wren hoped she was convincing that her screams were the cause of the ride. One woman raised her eyebrow at Wren's blush as they left the coaster but just winked and smirked at Wren as she passed.

They went on like this most of the day until late afternoon when Yuki insisted she go put in the plug also. She went to the bathroom and did exactly that. The feel of the medium plug, from which a small soft ponytail fell and tickled against the back of her legs and thighs, was maddening. They had her in a pony plug and a vibe. The feel of the fair-sized plug stretching her ass and rubbing through her walls against the vibe was just too much at first. It took a good ten minutes to catch her breath in the bathroom and not to cum, she had been told not to until Yuki said to.

The tail from the plug only fell to just above her knee and was thin enough that it could not be spotted beneath her dress, she had triple checked in the mirror.

She had the shakes from being denied orgasm all day. Yuki patted her back and called her a good girl making her blush. Then he led her to a busy jungle style cafe. Their table was half outdoors and behind lots of foilage but there were still lots of sounds from nearby tables as the place was full. Yuki sat next to her and stroked her thigh as she shook, sitting awkwardly due to the plug, she had found the best way was to sit forward but this put more pressure on the vibe which was going at a (thankfully silent) low vibration. She barely paid attention as Yuki fed her bits of fruit and cakes and made her drink her water.

She was slowly going mad at the vibrations that were now oscillating at a stronger rate. Yuki tortured her all through the meal, stroking her thighs, adjusting how she sat and muttering filthy suggestions in her ears quietly. He knew she had a thing for his voice. Her legs were shaky enough when she was getting up that she needed help. He led her out back into the darkening evening, it was cool out but she felt boiling and so hypersensitive that she worried even a breeze would make her cum. But she bit her lip and carried on as Yuki kept changing the pulses of the vibe and the tail plug brushed against the back of her thighs, lighting up every nerve ending with pleasure. The vibe when on strong made the plug feel as if it too were vibrating and she was flush with the desperate need to cum. When they were by the lake she clung to a railing as Yuki grabbed her hand and whispered in her ear "Cum" and she turned her head into his neck, biting as she came to keep herself quiet. Yuki groaned and stroked her back. She vaguely heard him muttering something about her having a headache as he stroked her hair and a few people passed. Her panties were soaked with her slick and she felt some wetness on her thighs even.

Yuki's eyes looked feral and he led her quickly, on very shaky legs, to a garden walk that seemed to be under construction. They slipped past a fern and found a dark corner behind a shed. Yuki grabbed her and pushed her against the wooden wall, her ass thrust out as he checked around and then lifted her dress. He moaned at how soaked she was, pulling her panties to one side to see the vibe and to fully free the tail which swished against her thighs. He pulled out the vibe from her pussy with a wet sound and pulled her head back by the hair "Dirty girl, look how wet you got at the thought of all those people knowing I was playing with you" he smirked at her and dropped the plug near the bag. He used his other hand to lift the white ponytail and drape it on her back, making her moan as the plug shifted inside her. "You make such a pretty pony, maybe one day we'll kit you out with a bit, bridle and hooves, take you out for a walk in the fields and breed you in a stable huh?" She moaned at the filthy thought, not her kink but it sounded so hot.

He bit her neck hard, making her buck in his hold "Turnaround is fair play naughty girl, wait till Sen sees my neck, he'll get the crop out on your ass again." He played with her plug, making her tense and moan, slapping her ass but keeping an ear out for anyone nearby. After a particularly loud spank, they heard a group of people pass nearby, out of sight and heard them saying "what was that?"

Yuki unzipped his trousers quietly, slipped on a condom and thrust inside Wren's pussy. Hand on the back of her neck and her hands braced against the wall as he roughly ground into her, the plug adding to her already overwhelming tightness.

He growled in her ear "Don't even think about cumming". He then pulled out, slipped the vibe back inside her and pulled out the tail plug, sliding into her ass in slow increments, stretching her as he went. She bit into her own hand and whimpered, he groaned into her neck. "So fucking tight, Good girl, if we were out somewhere quieter I'd cum in your ass and make you put in the plug until we got home so Sen could see how good you've been". She nodded frantically and he huffed a laugh "Not this time baby, the car journey with cum running down your legs wouldn't be fun."

Tears ran down her face as she desperately wanted to cum, the gorgeous stretch of Yuki in her ass and the now on again vibe in her pussy making them both pant.

His hands bruised her hips as he clung to her so tightly, thrusting in roughly until he came into the condom with a groan against her neck. He pulled her hair with a little tug and helped her clean up and slip the plug back in. All the unsteady walk back he ramped up the vibe and she could not stop the occasional oversensitive tear or whimper. He kept his arm around her, grounding her until they got to the car.

He spread a blanket across the back seat and made her lay there ass up as he drove out of the carpark and to a nearby pull in at the side of a quiet road.

There he made her get out, wrapped up her skirt around her waist and made her prance up and down behind a line of trees so he could see the ponytail bounce and sway. Then he told her to get on all fours, lifted the tail and pushed the vibe up to max, making her scream out and startle a few birds in a nearby tree into flight. He stroked her hair and patted her ass, telling her to cum and she came so hard she squirted all over the grass below her, shaking like a leaf as she laid her head on the ground. She stayed there as he fetched wipes, cleaned her down, took out the plug and vibe and lay her in the car, giving her water and snacks and holding her as she came back to herself. Telling her how amazing she was.

Later that night Wren was wrapped up in her own bed marvelling over what an amazing day it had been, nerve-wracking at times but she had never cum that hard before and had no idea how she had held out from cumming until allowed to, she usually struggled with that. Her body still had a low hum of pleasure running through it and despite the prospect of a boring day at work tomorrow she could not wait until her next dirty little adventure with the guys.
