Silence fell over the room, after Harry's statement. Pressing her lips together tightly in a sign of disapproval, Poppy then raised her wand and cast a spell on Harry. It was similar to the one Hermione had performed earlier, and the result was - of course - the same. Harry was pregnant.

Although Harry had told her of his condition, the medi-witch looked slightly shocked. Hermione and Ron knew better than to utter a single word. Poppy then did a complete check-up on him and when she was done, she announced, "You have anemia, need vitamins and you don't weigh enough. I get it you have experienced morning sickness?" Her tone was close to being harsh and so Harry only nodded.

At this the elderly witch turned and went to a store board, where she took down some vials. Showing them to Harry one by one, she explained, "This one will take care of the anemia. This one has got vitamins and is highly nourishing, and this one…" she shoved the last vial into his hands, "will stop the nausea. I will get some more of it for you later. Drink this first, because most certain the others won't stay down, otherwise."

Harry did as he was told, swallowing the potion obediently. "Good. Wait a few minutes for the potion to work, then drink the others. I will have a house elf bring you something to eat. You will have to stay the night, so I will inform the headmaster that you have caught a harmless 'stomach-bug.'" She stressed the last word painfully, making her point clear.

Half way to the door, she stopped, turning around to face him again. "How could you, Harry?" She asked then. "How could you be so careless and get pregnant, when every first-year is able to brew a potion to prevent that? I would have thought that you, of all people, would not want any new responsibilities."

"Maybe, because I didn't even know men could get pregnant." Harry replied in a sarcastic tone. His anger was rising again. Poppy looked totally shocked. "But your partner surely must have known." She argued helplessly, not wanting to admit that this was something Harry should have been taught at this school. "And who is the other father, by the way? Did you already tell him?"

Harry sighed and explained," I don't know who the other father is. It happened the night of the party. I had taken an anti-flu potion and someone gave me a drink. I got sick and used one of the guestrooms to lie down, because I couldn't make it up to the dormitory. I spelled the door, took of my clothes and glasses and went to bed. Someone must have found me like that, because I thought I had a really vivid dream. I have honestly no clue who in Merlin's name shagged me that night, ok? I wouldn't have known even if my head had been clear. I did not wear my glasses. And now, I would prefer not to talk about it any more."

If the medi-witch had looked shocked before, now she looked totally horrified. "Harry, so you tell me this child is a product of sexual abuse? Of rape?" She asked.

Hermione and Ron gasped at that word, Harry paled even more. "No!" He yelled. "No one raped me. I told you I thought I had a dream. It actually felt good,….for a dream. I think I even told him, I liked it." The last words sounded definitely guilty.

"Harry," Poppy's tone went soft. "It doesn't matter if you told him you like it. You had been sleeping in a spelled room, and you were drugged. Whoever did this to you has taken advantage of the situation. It is not your fault. Though I have to say, you should have known potions and alcohol do not go together at all." Poppy paused for a second then added a soft, "Rest now." She sighed, cutting off any protest from his side. "Hermione, Ron, please leave now. You can pick him up tomorrow morning." With that she left the infirmary, taking Harry's two best friends with her.

OoOoo

Severus Snape turned around in his bed once more, trying to find a more comfortable position. With no success. It was past midnight and he had tried to get to sleep for quite some time now. Problem was, since that night with Potter, he was horny like hell and even cold showers didn't solve his problem any more. This was so ridiculous. His self-control was practically non existent.

Reaching down between his legs, he touched his almost painful erection. With a barely suppressed moan, he began to slowly stroke his throbbing cock, running his thumb over the sensitive tip, imagining it would be Harry who touched him. Pictures came back to him, from that night, once again.

How the youth had arched his back, when he had touched his inner thigh. His scent surrounding him, when he had run his tongue up that beautiful shaft, sucking at the head that was glistening with pre-cum. The way he had tasted when he had taken him down his throat. The little ecstatic noises he had made. And even better, the way he had put his strong, muscular legs around him, crossing them at his back, taking him closer.

Murmuring a lubrication spell, Snape gripped his cock more tightly and sped up his movements. He recalled the moment he had entered the younger wizard. How hot he had been, how tight. That feeing alone had almost sent him over the edge. Eventually he had started to move and the throaty moans and the look of pure pleasure upon Harry's face had aroused him even more. He had not thought that this was possible.

They had not lasted long. Harry, already close to climax, had only needed a few thrusts brushing over his prostate to totally lose control. The contraction of his muscles had been Severus' undoing. Pounding into him, one last time, he had filled the heated body beneath him with his seed.

His heart was racing and he felt sated and happy until he opened his eyes and realized it had all been his mind. Harry was not there with him. He was alone. But worst of all, he felt lonely. That was something he had not felt for quite some time. And he did not like it the slightest bit.

Severus sighed and uttered a quick cleansing spell; still not sure he would now be able to sleep.

ooOoo

Harry had finally fallen asleep. Thanks to the potion, he had been able to keep dinner down, feeling totally exhausted after this eventful day. But his subconscious stayed with the subject: the night he had gotten pregnant. The mysterious man who had taken advantage of him. His mind tried hard to recall him, but there was nothing. The face of the person who had touched him that night, stayed in the dark.

The voice was not recognizable, either. His fogged brain had changed it into something surreal. Yet that voice had held passion and kindness. A strange mixture of desire and protectiveness. If only he could see who this was, who was treating him with so much care.

Shifting restless in his sleep, Harry got even more entangled into the sheets. His brain was working overtime; trying to cope with all the information it had gained today.

Pregnant, men could get pregnant ... no dream, it had been real. He was pregnant. From someone he did not know. Poppy had called it abuse. No! Not abused. I am not abused. Not abused. Not abused. It had felt good. I felt protected. I felt wanted. Not abused.

A single father. Everyone at the school will know. They will make fun of me. The press will get to know. Albus will get to know. Severus will get to know. Severus will never want me. Severus will not want me, carrying a child of a stranger. He is not fond of children. He does not enjoy teaching them. He will never accept the child of a stranger.

MY child. My child will love me. My child. I will have a child. I will raise it. I will love it. I will love it with all my heart. It will feel loved. It will know it is loved. And wanted. I want this child. It is my child. Mine alone.

That last thought seemed to soothe something inside him and Harry finally sank into a dreamless, peaceful sleep.

ooOoo

"Headmaster?" Potions Master Severus Snape almost ran into Albus Dumbledore the next morning. Surprisingly, the older wizard seemed to be on the way to the infirmary, too.

"Ah, Severus, my boy." The headmaster smiled, his eyes twinkling behind the half-moon glasses. "Beautiful, morning, don't you think?" he asked grinning like a moron.

The Potions Master left that question unanswered. He was in a bad mood; he did not sleep too well lately. "May I ask what brings you here this early, headmaster?" Snape asked instead.

"Of course, Severus. I will tell you. Poppy informed me that Mr. Potter has caught a harmless but annoyingly persistent 'stomach-bug', how she put it so nicely. He stayed the night at the infirmary but will leave soon. I thought it would be nice to say hello." Albus blinked innocently. Snape froze. Harry was here. He was in the infirmary. "And you Severus? Why are you on your way to the hospital-wing?" he heard the older wizard ask.

"Madame Pomfrey asked me to prepare her some anti-nausea potions. I get it they are designed for Mr. Potter, then." Snape answered truthfully. His thoughts were still at the fact that Harry was here. Maybe he could talk to him for a minute. He could ask some questions, he had a chance to get to know what this present and the night were supposed to be.

The headmaster smiled at him, still. "Well, then I think we should not let the two of them wait, should we?" He announced and continued to walk down the way to the infirmary.