A warm gentle breath in my ear and a nibble on my earlobe awaken
me. I am still nestled in your arms with you spooned behind me,
which is how we fell asleep. Your lips nibble their way along my
neck as sleepy moans escape my lips. I feel your strong hands
moving up my body to my breasts, fondling at first, but then
gently pinching my nipples. I roll towards you, reaching for you.
Your hand catches my wrist and deftly cuffs it to the headboard.
My cry of protest is cut off as you kiss me, our tongues
intertwine. I feel your hand on my other wrist and know it is
useless to struggle, as you cuff it to the other side of the
headboard. You kiss me again and gently begin to kiss down my
body - along my neck, my breasts (lingering there awhile), down
my belly. Then skipping down and working your way up my thighs.
Finally your lips meet my nether lips. I feel your tongue
performing its acrobatics, flicking my clit, darting in and out
of my cunt.

You tease my g-spot with your finger as you continue to lick my
clit, stopping now and then to suck on it gently. My whimpers get
louder and I reach the point where I start to hold my breath.
Just before I cum, you stop. You look up at me with a mischievous
grin, knowing that only the fact that my hands are cuffed keeps
me from taking a swing at you. You laugh at my predicament, then
bury your face back between my thighs. Your tongue swirls and
teases, toying with my clit. I writhe and moan, bucking my hips
against your face. Using only your tongue, you keep going,
licking and sucking my clit, bringing me right to the edge again.

Only to stop short.

I swear and I squirm, but you know I love it, even though it
frustrates me. You give me a few seconds to cool down and dive
back in. Flicking my clit and driving me wild. My moans and
whimpers can undoubtedly be heard three doors down. As you lick
and suck I feel a finger in my twat, rubbing my g-spot, each
little stroke sending shivers up my spine. As your hand plays
faster and faster, you slip your thumb up my ass. The combination
of your tongue on my clit, your fingers on my g-spot and your
thumb up my ass drive me over the edge. I cum and I gush all over
your face. You move up and kiss me, slow and deep, letting me
taste myself on you.

You uncuff me, finally allowing me to sit up. Another kiss and a
long hug. You whisper in my ear "It's still early, get a nap so
you'll be ready for Round 2."
