Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Twenty-Seven: The Rakshasa Queen's Naughty Offer
Summary: MF FF oral fantasy magic voy
Keywords: Kurtis learns about his task, but has to soothe his worried sisters.

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

PLasla  Ankush, Queendom of Naith

I followed the dwarf out of the cell, leaving behind my sister and our sex slaves. I walked in my purple robes like I were a queen. I kept my head straight, my black hair falling down my back. My slipper-clad feet whisked on the stone floor.

The dwarf marched before me, not saying a word. I wondered what the Queen of Naith wanted from me. It was too early for there to be word from Kurtis. This was so dumb. I hated that we had been forced to do this. He and my step-mother were risking their lives to prop up Queen Athirmi and her horrifying rule.

The rakshasas were cruel and claimed to be better than the naga? I shuddered to think of the level of sadism that we would find in Shizhuth.

The dwarf led me through the warren of tunnels down here, passing other dwarven bureaucrats as they worked. The scratch of pens echoed in their desks. The machine that kept Naith grinding away turned around me. 

Finally, we came to a room with track and one of those rail carts that the dwarves fashioned. I took my seat in the back while the dwarf climbed up into it. We whisked forward. The only light came from the lantern at the front. The tunnel was so dark. The air rushed by. The walls whizzed past. If there was an obstacle in the tracks, we'd never know until we collided.

But there wasn't. Dwarves were too careful and meticulous to allow that to happen.

We slowed as we neared more light and then we came to rest beside another cart that was already here. We had reached a small antechamber with a large door before me. The dwarf climbed out and walked to it. Though they were heavy doors and three times his height, nearly double my own, he pushed them open with ease.

Light flooded out of there. For a moment, I thought it was daylight until I realized that there was no blue sky but a craggy ceiling. A bright ball of light, as painful to look at as the sun, hovered in the air and illuminated a large cavern. Grass grew in every direction, following the bumps and curves of the terrain. It rolled. I could almost forget I was outside. 

Trees dotted the area with almost no leaves on them. They had wide branches and women perched in them. They had wings folded about their bodies, their feet like birds, gripping them. Harpies. I had heard of them. This was another of Queen Athirmi's menageries.

Winged monster soared through the sky. Some were pegasi with great wings with soft, swan-like feathers. Others were hippogriffs, with the front of feathery birds and the rear of horses. They had more color to their plumage. Greens and blues and reds. Last were the lion-like griffins with eagle beaks and tawny feathers that matched their golden hides.

All of the creatures in here, from the griffins to the harpies, were created by my father's cum. From his indiscriminate masturbation had come pegasi, griffins, hippogriffs, and harpies. He had once sprayed the world with his cum and birthed them all.

On one of the pegasi flew Queen Athirmi. Her dark-red flesh stood out against his white coat and snowy wings. She watched as the queen guided him, riding him bareback. The pegasus soared towards the ground and flared his wings. He landed at a gentle trot and cantered towards me before stopping. 

Welcome, Welcome, Lasla, Queen Athirmi purred. She slid off the back of the pegasus and settled down before me. Her big breasts bounced and heaved. She ran her hand over the flank of the pegasus. Mmm, this is Ivory. Isn't he gorgeous?

Yes, I said, smiling. He had black, expressive eyes. His tail wagged.

They are expensive to own, she said. They require women to breed with. So do the griffins and hippogriffs. And since human women are smaller compared to these beasts, their foals or eggs, in the case of the griffins and hippogriffs, are equally smaller. It takes nearly seven years for a pegasus to reach maturity unlike a horse which matures in only three or so years. A lot of investment in child care.

I nodded. That makes sense.

The women are fortunate. Queen Athirmi fell to her knee. They have such huge dicks. Have you ever been with an equine monster? She rubbed at the cock sheath of the pegasus. His dick grew, sprouting out huge, the tip as wide as Kurtis's fist. A centaur, for instance.

No, I said as more and more of the pegasus's cock slid it. The thick slab of meat was longer than my arm from elbow to fingertip. Nearly as long my arm from my shoulder. It was a massive dick. 

The queen picked up the cock and rubbed her swarthy cheek into the side. She let out a horny moan. I love equine monsters. Kurtis was the first human-sized cock that had satisfied me in a decade. Ever since I had my first centaur, well... How could I go back?

My cunt clenched as I said, I've only enjoyed my brother's cock and my step-mother's. None other.

None? The queen shot me this sad look. What a pity.

I didn't think it was, but that cock was so huge. It thrust out from her. It would feel incredible in my pussy. I shuddered, my cunt clenching and lust swelling in me. In the pegasus and the queen, too. They were both growing hornier and hornier.

The queen moved to the front of the cock and kissed the blunt dip. She flicked her tongue out, licking at it. The cock was too big for her to fit in her mouth, so she thrust her tongue into the slit. The pegasus neighed and his wings rustled. He tossed his mane, the silky stands fluttering about.

I swallowed, the heat rippling out of my cunt as I watched as she bathed the tip of his cock with her tongue. She stroked his cock with one hand, the other holding it up. She moaned as she licked and lapped at the tip.

Then she rubbed her cheek into his cock and looked at me, her eyes smoldering. Ooh, equine precum is delicious.

I suppose it is, I said, feeling how much the queen enjoyed this.

But there was another lust rising in her. one that was focused on me. I shivered. Did the queen want to have sex with me? Did she want me to lick her pussy? The queen was not a giver, but she definitely enjoyed a woman's tongue lapping at her cunt.

Mmm, just wonderful, purred the queen before turning her attention back to the pegasus's cock.

She suckled on him. She gripped him in her hands and worked her tongue over his crown. He neighed and pawed the ground. My pussy ached to be filled with a cock. I squeezed my thighs tight, my clit pulsing and throbbing.

Then the queen sealed her lips around the slit. She suckled on just the tip of his cock, nursing on him. His wings flapped as he neighed again. Heavy balls swung beneath him. They were huge. How much cum could they hold?

I was about to find out.

The queen nursed on the tip of the cock. I could feel both their lusts swelling. Her anticipation of what was to come while his passion built and built towards his eruption. His balls brimmed with cum. He wanted to spurt all his jizz into her mouth.

Queen Athirmi wanted that.

She suckled with passion. She nursed with everything that she had. Her cheeks hollowed as she loved his cock. He neighed and whinnied. Wings rustled and tail swished back and forth. I watched, the itch in my pussy growing and growing.

I wanted to masturbate. To just slip my hand beneath my robe and frig my pussy. But I restrained. I wanted to keep my composure. I could scratch my itch later. I was Las's daughter. I wouldn't just give in to lust in a lightning's flash. I could control myself.

Would control myself. 

But it was hard. Watching the queen suckle on that huge dick made me squirm. My thighs grew wetter and wetter. My nipples ached as they rubbed against the fabric of my robe. The pegasus came closer and closer to cumming. To erupting into her mouth.

The queen wanted it, proving it by how hard she suckled.

I whimpered as I fought my lusts. I thrust my hands behind me, clasping them together to avoid the temptation of frigging myself. I wouldn't give in to my desires. I would control myself. I sucked in deep breaths, my heart hammering away.

The pegasus neighed louder. He stamped at the ground and flapped his wings. It was only moments away. The queen suckled with noisy passion, building and building the pressure in the monster's nuts.

Now, I whispered, feeling that breaking point.

The pegasus tossed his head and neighed loudly.

His cock pulsed.

Queen Athirmi's head snapped back from the force of his spurting cum. His jizz splashed over her face. It coated her swarthy skin in pearly spunk. More splashed down on her large breasts. The Queen of Naith reveled in the spunk splashing all over her.

She gulped it down. She swallowed every drop of jizz that she could. I could feel how much she loved it. She reveled in being bathed by his monster spunk. More and more of his cum fired from his cock and coated her. 

The salty scent filled my nose. My mouth watered. I salivated, aching to rush over there and lick up the cum. My pussy burned. I needed a cock in me. My brother hadn't fucked me in three days. My twat itched to be filled.

And that was such a huge dick.

The pegasus fired a final blast of cum, leaving the queen covered in a mask of pearly white. She turned towards me, her eyes fluttering open. She licked at her lips, gathering up the spunk that coated them.

I did nothing. Fresh jizz spilled down her face and covered her lips.

Pater's big dick, that's wonderful, she moaned. Then she proffered the dick at me. Want to try his cock out? 

My lusts lurched in me. My pussy nearly burst with rapture. Fear squeezed tight about my chest as I stared at that big dick. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Foothills of the Ostol Mountains

The drum of the hoof beats echoed through the canyon that I rode through, my mother at my side. My heart raced as the centaurs trying to capture us ran at our heels. The two male centaurs charged fast while the female centaurs, looking like human females, rode on their backs and drew their bows.

Two more arrows hissed past us. The one nearly clipped me and then struck the canyon wall ahead of me, the haft snapping. I cursed and yanked on the reins, turning my horse to the right and going around the corner.

This was so dumb. If one of those arrows hit us in the wrong spot, we could die before the rebels could even save us. Fear charged through my veins as I ducked low. My naked mother did the same, her golden collar gleaming about her neck.

Two more arrows hissed by. One streaked by my cheek, the fletching brushing my skin. I burned there, feeling like I had been sliced open. An inch to the left, and that arrow would have buried in my skull and killed me.

Las's big dick! I shouted. This was a mistake. Such a mistake. I never should have agreed to this stupid plan. I was going to die.

My mother would die with me.

Where were the rebels? I looked around the canyon, wanting to spot them peering down on us. The dwarves and the cuckoos. They had to be up there, somewhere. They had to come to our rescue before our pursuers killed us for real.

I yanked on the reins, my horse galloping around a rock. He panted, breathing hard. I was pushing the steed to go as fast as I could. An arrow slashed down before us. The centaurs were almost on us. I looked back to see the women drawing their arrows as they rode their brothers' backs. 

BWWWWOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUHHHHHHH!

The deep call of a horn vibrated my bones. Pebbles tumbled down the cliff face. I glanced ahead to the gray-blue mountain thrusting before us. The Purple Nipple. The rebel base was found beneath it. What did that horn mean? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla  Ankush, Queendom of Naith

I wanted to say yes. To fall to my knees and lick the cum off the queen's face and then get fucked by the pegasus. That massive cock would ream my cunt. I needed a dick so badly, and there was a dick. A huge shaft that would make me shudder.

But I couldn't do that. I would be dishonoring the trust my brother put in me. I clenched my hands tight behind my back as the queen looked at me with such hunger in her eyes. She lusted to see me getting fucked by the pegasus.

I had to disappoint her. I'm sorry, Your Majesty, I have no interest in his cock.

Liar, the queen purred. But if that's your wish... She whistled.

The harpies that were perched on the tree took to the air. They all had slim bodies and round breasts. They spread wings wide adorned in black feathers and took off into the air. With hard flaps, they hurtled across the ground and then landed between me and the queen, facing her. They swept bows with their wings.

Yes, your majesty, one chirped. She had a sing-song quality to her voice. Did you need something?

Your kneeling bench, Your Majesty? a second asked.

Yes, I need that, the queen said. Mmm, I love getting fucked by my equine lovers, but you need to raise yourself.

The three harpies flew across the room and then stopped at a padded bench. They seized the ropes that held it with their talons and then flapped their wings again. The harpies had no arms or hands, but their feet looked very dexterous as they flew back. They worked together to drop the bench by the queen and then laded again.

Sparrow, go eat Lady Lasla's cunt. She needs to have a nice orgasm. She looks rather frustrated.

I am, I moaned and opened my robe. Having my cunt eaten out by a female was okay. That wasn't violating my brother's trust in me. I've never had a harpy eat my pussy before.

Sparrow will make you cum, a harpy said, and then she hopped over to me, jumping like I had seen birds move. She landed before me. Sparrow loves making the queen's friends cum. You like Sparrow's pussy licking.

I bet I will, I moaned, letting my robes fall off my body to flutter to the stone floor. My breasts appeared, jiggling and bouncing while my pussy had soaked my black bush.

She fell to her knees, her face shining up at me. She had tan skin and big, brown eyes. Her black hair spilled around her shoulders. She hugged me with her equally black wings, the feathers tickling rump. She buried her face into my snatch.

Her tongue licked through my folds. I shuddered at the naughty glide of her tongue licking and lapping at me. It felt so incredible. I shuddered, my face contorting from the delight. I groaned as she licked and lapped at me.

As Sparrow ate me out, Queen Athirmi knelt on the padded box that had been brought over. The pegasus neighed at the sight of her bent over. Then he mounted her. Well, walked over her, His wings flapped as he nuzzled his thick dick to her pussy folds.

My cunt clenched around Sparrow's probing tongue as the pegasus thrust.

I gasped as that thick cock slammed into the queen's cunt. The rakshasa's big boobs swayed. She moaned as her twat swallowed that huge cock. She devoured it with hunger. Her body shuddered. She shook her head from side to side, her hips wiggling and stirring her twat around his cock.

Wings flapping, he fucked her.

I swallowed, transfixed by the sight.

Sparrow's tongue danced around in my cunt, her feathers rubbing on my ass, but I almost didn't feel it as I stared at the queen getting fucked. The pegasus stamped his front hoof as he plowed her cunt with his cock. She took so much of him.

I could feel her pleasure. Her delight in being plundered by the huge cock. The pegasus's tail swished and mane tossed as he buried into her cunt. He fucked her with such passion. He reveled in fucking her. I could feel his own pleasure building.

Las's big cock, I groaned.

Sparrow's tongue brushed my clit. I gasped, my boobs bouncing.

Sparrow like your cunt, great lady, chirped the harpy. Such yummy creamy. Sparrow happy she is eating your pussy.

Yeah, I said and then shuddered as she brushed my clit again.

The harpy licked at my cunt with hunger. She caressed me with such passion. My face contorted with the delight. It was incredible to enjoy. I whimpered, my face contorting with the delight of this moment. My heart pounded in my chest as that wicked tongue kept sliding through my folds and sending bliss through me.

The queen experienced even more rapture than me. I could feel how much her pussy rejoiced as she climbed towards her orgasm. The pegasus flapped his wings with each thrust, the grass rippling around his hooves and blew around my body. I shuddered at the air caressing my tits.

Yes, yes, yes! growled the queen. Ram that cock into me! Fuck me!

The pegasus whinnying.

You're going to explode in my cunt! You're going to flood me with all your passion! Queen Athirmi tossed her head. I want that. I want you to flood me with all that spunk. I want it. Give it to me. Pump my cunt full of all your spunk.

I shuddered, Sparrow's tongue building my orgasm. I swelled to it as I stared at the sight of the Queen of Naith getting fucked so hard. Her boobs swayed, her mane of dark hair dancing around her face as that huge, monstrous cock slammed into her.

Gods, yes! the queen moaned. I'm going to explode.

I know! I whimpered, feeling the strength of the queen's orgasm building and building in her cunt. You're going to explode!

I swallowed, my heart pounding in my chest. I couldn't believe was watching her with envy. My pussy ached for a dick, and what a dick that was pounding into her cunt. My pussy clenched around Sparrow's tongue. She danced it inside of me.

The queen hovered on the edge of exploding. So did the pegasus. He slammed hard into her cunt and then threw back his head. He whinnied out his triumph as he pumped her pussy full of his cum. He fired blast after blast of his seed into her snatch.

Gods, yes! she cried. Pater's big dick!

Her orgasm burst through her royal cunt.

Waves of delight washed through the queen's body and drowned her mind. I felt the intensity of them as the pegasus pumped her snatch full of his monstrous cum. I quivered and then gasped as Sparrow sucked on my clit.

The harpy nursed on my bud, her feathers caressing my ass. I trembled, my pussy clenching. Her lips felt so soft around my clit. I tossed my head and then gasped. My pleasure exploded through my body.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned, my cunt gushing juices. That's so good. That's amazing. Ooh, it's just gushing out of me!

I tossed my head from side to side. It was incredible to enjoy. I shuddered, stars bursting across my vision. It was incredible. I whimpered, my heart pounding in my chest. I shuddered, my head tossing from side to side.

Oh, that's so good, I whimpered, my pussy rippling and writhing. That's just wonderful. Oh, I love it. I love it so much!

My body quivered a final time as the queen milked the pegasus's cock dry. His wings flapped while she moaned. Sparrow licked and lapped at my cunt a few more times. Then she pulled her face away, making this sort of owlish cooing sound, throaty and delightful.

My pussy burned for a cock. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Foothills of the Ostol Mountains

An arrow hissed down and struck my mother in the thighs. She gasped and grabbed it. Blood spurted from the wound. 

Anger boiled through me. I threw a look back at the centaurs. Why did they hit her? They promised that they wouldn't hit us. I glanced at my mother. She swayed and leaned low over her horse. The horn rang out through the canyon again, deafening me.

Kurtis, she gasped, swaying. I'm going to... to... Her eyes fluttered. She looked about to faint. Something on... the arrow... that's...

She collapsed, her hands slipping from her reins. I snagged them in my hand, holding on tight as our horses galloped through the canyon. She bounced on the saddle. She could fall off at any moment and be hurt.

I glanced up at the canyon walls. Where were the rebels? Who was sounding that horn? The centaurs still chased us. Another arrow whizzed by and struck the ground ahead, the wooden haft snapping into pieces.

Come on, I groaned, fury beating in my heart. Poisoned arrows? If they killed my

Pain burst in my side. I screamed and felt something driven into me. Burning heat swept from the wound. I clutched at my rein. I had to keep riding. Keep escaping. But that blaze reached through my body to my mind and...

I swayed. Dizziness swept around me. The world started to grow dark. I shook my head, struggling to knock it back, but it burned through my alertness. Sleep pulled down on me. I had to fight it, but it was growing so hard.

Something hurtled down from above. I looked up and struggled to focus. Where there figures on the canyon walls. I swayed as something flashed down. I looked behind me to see the centaurs turning and running the other way back. A shaft struck the ground by them. Then another. 

Javelins?

It was so hard to think. I found myself swaying, gripping my horse's reins and my mother's. They slowed to a walk. I groaned, struggling to stay upright. But the world lurched hard and then fell. I hit the ground, grunting.

I lay on my back, struggling to stay conscious. Then I noticed birds were flying above us. They were spiraling down into the canyon. I watched them, bemused. The burning died down to a soothing heat that lulled me towards unconsciousness.

The birds landed around me and then blurred. They turned into slender men and women with white hair and midnight-black skin. They peered down at me, staying words, but I couldn't hear them. Stone scraped nearby.

The canyon wall opened like a door.

Out of it trooped stout figures. Dwarves? I struggled so had to think. The rebels had found us, but... but...

Darkness seized me and dragged me under. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla  Ankush, Queendom of Naith

The pegasus backed up and slid his big dick out of Queen Athirmi's cunt. The rakshasa tossed her head and moaned. She stood up, cum pouring out of her thick bush, clinging to the dark curls. But there was just so much fired into her.

So much cum.

I hadn't enjoyed cum in days.

Did you enjoy Sparrow's pussy licking? the queen asked. She stretched her back, her big tits bouncing before me.

I did, I said, my body trembling with lusts. Thank you very much for lending your sex slave to me. I came hard.

Sparrow hopped back and forth on her bird-like feet. Sparrow happy. Sparrow so very happy!

Wonderful, the queen said, sauntering to me. She had a sway to her hips, her big breasts bouncing and jiggling. So, why do you not fuck other males?

I'm Kurtis's woman, I said. My brother is the man I love.

What does love have to do with fucking? The queen smiled. Surely your brother fucks all the women he wants.

Because he's Kurtis, I said. I'm his woman.

He's not your man?

He is. My cheeks burned. But it just feels like the way things are supposed to be. I enjoy plenty of women. Any woman I want, I can have.

But you want to have other men. A smile spread on Queen Athirmi's lips. Your brother is on a quest to fuck every all-female race birthed by Las. Don't you want to experience all those cock birthed by the God of Lust, too? Don't you want to try a centaur or a griffin or even an imp? Maybe a werebear. A big, shaggy lover to ravish you?

I shifted, my pussy clenching. My gaze flicked to the pegasus. He grazed now, his cock shrinking back into his sheath. My cheeks burned. 

If it's pregnancy you're worried about, there are tonics you can take, alchemical concoctions, that can ensure you don't conceive, said the queen. Not something I have to worry about. I can't breed with any single-sex male race. Human only for rakshasa.

I could keep myself from being pregnant. It was how Lasla and I weren't perpetually knocked up by our brother. But I didn't want to tell Queen Athirmi that. She was trying to get me to do something. She was eager to seduce me away from Kurtis.

Why?

It just doesn't feel... right, I said. That's all.

Why are you holding back? She stopped before me and cupped my face. He doesn't.

I wasn't sure why it felt like I should only be with my brother. He had never said anything. It was almost unspoken. I shrugged, not sure how to answer the queen's question. How to not reveal just how badly I wanted to try the pegasus.

Well, it has been wonderful having this conversation, she said and motioned to the dwarf who brought me. I hadn't even noticed him watching us.

He had so little sex drive, not a spark of lust had been kindled in him as he watched our fornication. He stopped before me and bowed, This way, Lady Lasla.

I want a better answer the next time we meet, Queen Athirmi said as I followed the dwarf to the door. Think about it. Mmm, tomorrow, I'll have something else to show you. Something wonderful.

I swallowed. All I did was ponder her words on the way back to the cell. Why didn't I feel it was right to have my own male lovers. I would only have my brother's childrenhe would be the only man I lovedbut she was right. Sex wasn't love.

I was Las's daughter. Even more than Pyrriah. I could make sex toys and feel the pleasures of others. I couldn't manipulate them like my brother had learned to do, but I still drowned in the senses of others.

It just felt... wrong. But I couldn't put it into words. And I didn't want it to feel wrong. I wanted it to feel right. I wanted to have that pegasus's big dick fucking me. My father would not hold himself back. He would indulge in every pleasure he could.

My brother did. Why not me? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

The sound of footsteps pricked my ears. I stood up. So did Nephi. She turned and stared out at the bars. The three rakshasa-slaves hadn't noticed. Pradu, Lavhi, and Naryu were in a chain of pussy licking. They feasted on each other to pass the time.

It's your sister, said Nephi. I can smell her. She's aroused. Her pussy juices are filling the air.

Then she hasn't been hurt, I said in relief.

You think Queen Athirmi would hurt her? asked Nephi, glancing at me. 

I nodded. Don't you? She's a rakshasa. They enjoyed hurting each other for pleasure. Look at Pradu. She's a monster.

I was a monster, Mistress Pyrriah, Pradu moaned. Now I am a sex slave. Yours. Your brother's. I just want to obey. He broke me of my sadism.

Pradu was extreme even for us, Naryu added. My mother is cruel, but she doesn't inflict needless pain. It always has a purpose, even if it's for her own amusement. I wanted to take her down so badly. Three of my sisters died.

I shuddered. This place was so horrible. I couldn't imagine fighting with Lasla. In hurting her. It was unthinkable. She was like my other twin. Though we had different mothers, she felt like she had incubated in the same womb with Kurtis and me.

We were identical save for our hair color and the flavors of our pussies. And our powers. Those weren't the same. I flexed my hands, filling the flames in me while my heart yearned to be by Kurtis's side. He was in danger without me.

I was born to fight at his side. It was in my blood to stand beside my twin. 

The dwarf appeared with Lasla trailing after him. My sister's head was lowered, her eyes looking distant. She stopped but didn't seem to have realized she had returned to the cell. Worry squeezed about my heart for her.

The dwarf unlocked the cell and gently pushed her in. As the metal door clanged shut behind her, I flew across the room and hugged my sister tight. I rocked her. She just stood there for a moment and then she jumped.

Pyrriah? she gasped. When did you get here?

Here? I broke the hug, looking at her. You're in the cell. Don't you know that? What's wrong with you?

She looked around. Oh, I guess I am. I didn't realize that I had been brought back here. She rolled her shoulders. I thought I was still moving through the tunnel.

How could you not realize that you were back at the cell? I cupped her face, staring into her eyes. What's wrong with you, Lasla.

Just... The queen showed me something, and I've been thinking about it. Lasla smiled. It was just shocking. She fucked a pegasus. I just can't get it out of my mind the image of her being taken by Ivory. That's it.

I stared into her blue eyes. That's it? Just watching her. She didn't do anything to you?

No, no. She stepped back and opened the robes she wore. She let the linen fall off her body. She stood there naked, her breasts round. Juices soaked her black bush and the spicy aroma of her pussy filled my nose. See, I'm completely fine. She didn't do anything to me. A naughty smile appeared on her lips. You want to explore every bit of me to find out?

I swallowed. Uh, well, I mean. A naughty heat birthed in my cunt. I could do that.

I think you do, she said, turning around and showing her back. Just lick me everywhere. Make sure I'm safe and unharmed, Pyrriah.

I slid my hands over her back. I caressed her smooth skin, feeling that she was definitely whole and hale. She hadn't had anything bad happened to her. I stroked down to her ass and grabbed her rump. I squeezed her.

I kissed at her spine right between her shoulder blades. She was here, hole and unharmed. That was important. I smooched down her spine. I went lower and lower, my nipples throbbing. My pussy clenched with this exciting heat.

Pradu, I ordered, lie on your back with your head between my legs.

Yes, Mistress Pyrriah, the sex slave moaned. I would be glad to do that.

She hurried over to me and stretched out on her back while I kissed down my sister's back. I sank lower and lower, my legs bending to lower me down. I felt the strain in my thighs, this hot itch growing and growing in my cunt.

I reached the small of my sister's back and then I sank on my knees. Pradu's hands grabbed my thighs. She pulled me down to her lips. I sank my fiery bush on her lips. My curls spilled over her lips and then my cunt planted right on her lips.

She licked.

I moaned and parted my sister's butt-cheeks.

I smooched into her crack, the sour flavor of her bowels growing the further south I went. My sister purred her delight. Then I kissed her right on the sphincter. I felt that wonderful, puckered hole against my lips.

Her butt-cheeks clenched on my face. Ooh, that's so good. Make sure my asshole is perfectly fine, dear sister.

I slid my hands around her hips to rub at her stomach. I caressed her smooth skin while I wiggled my hips on Pradu's face. I shuddered as she licked me. Her tongue flicked out and caressed my folds. It was an amazing delight.

I danced my tongue around my sister's asshole as Pradu feasted on me. The sour flavor of my sister's bowels suffused my mouth. It was a wonderful delight. Just the sort of naughty pleasure that I craved. I danced around her, my fingers massaging her stomach.

Ooh, that's so good, my sister moaned.

Naryu, eat my pussy, Nephi commanded to the side. I want your tongue licking and lapping at me right now.

Yes, Nephi, the rakshasa-princess purred. Mmm, I love eating your pussy.

Cunts are so delicious, Pradu moaned into my cunt. Her tongue flicked out.

I groaned, my back arching and red hair sweeping over my skin. This wonderful heat rippled through my body, flickers of light dancing in my strands that hovered at the edges of my vision. Her tongue licked and lapped at my cunt. She caressed me with such hunger. 

As she feasted on me, I devoured my sister's asshole. I loved the feel of her puckered flesh on my lips and tongue. I swirled about her, my fingers stroking her belly. I brushed her bellybutton and dipped my fingers into her flesh.

She gasped as I did that. Her butt-cheeks squeezed about my face. Mmm, Pyrriah!

You'll love, I moaned and thrust my tongue against her asshole.

Her anal ring parted. My tongue popped into her bowels. I sank into her flesh. I loved how she squeezed about me. I danced around in her asshole, loving the texture. The earthy flavor swelled, soaking my taste buds. 

Gods, yes, she moaned. Ooh, Las's big dick!

I made my sister feel good.

I fucked my tongue into my sister's depths as Pradu licked and lapped at my cunt. The rakshasa sex slave caressed my folds with all her hunger. It was such a wonderful delight to feel her tongue sliding through my petals and brushing my clit.

Sparks flared. Wonderful and amazing bursts of pleasure that had me thrusting my tongue deeper into my sister's cunt. I fluttered around in her while my fingers playing with her bellybutton went lower and lower.

I slid my digits through her curls. Her silky strands caressed my fingertips. Then I found the wet folds of her pussy. I brushed her clit. She gasped, her bowels squeezing about my naughty tongue. I rubbed at her hot flesh, her juices soaking my digits.

Mmm, that's good, she moaned. Gods, Pyrriah, you're so wonderful.

A hot rush swelled through me.

Pradu thrust her tongue into my cunt. She swirled it about in me. I groaned, rising towards my orgasm. I stroked my sister's cuntlips. I petted her petals while my tongue plundered her asshole. I loved that dirty flavor.

My fingers found her clit again. I diddled her bud. She moaned and shuddered. Her black hair danced down her back. Her head tossed as I brought her closer and closer to cumming. I rubbed harder at her clit.

Oh, Gods, yes, yes! Lasla moaned. Ooh, I am going to cum.

So was I.

Pradu's tongue stirred up my cunt and then she flicked to my clit. The rakshasa latched on and suckled on my bud. I moaned as the pressure grew in me. That wonderful burst of rapture that would explode out of me swelled and swelled.

I fucked my tongue in and out of my sister's bowels while I rubbed at her clit. She moaned, her body shuddering. I felt her building towards her own orgasm. My hair glowed brighter and brighter. My inner fires ready to blaze.

Yes, yes, yes! Lasla moaned.

Her bowels rippled around my tongue. Juices gushed out of her pussy and bathed my fingers playing with her clit. Her orgasm burst from her. I made my sister cum. Such joy rippled through me while my bud throbbed in Pradu's mouth.

Her tongue flicked over it.

I came, squealing, Yes!

I bucked, my juices gushing out of my spasming pussy. I trembled, stars bursting before my eyes. My round breast swayed. I rubbed at her cunt, her juices dripping from my fingers. I moaned, drowning in my own rapture.

Gods damn it! I moaned, loving this pleasure. Oh, Pradu, yes, yes!

I hit the peak of my orgasm and then shuddered there.

My sister pulled away from me. I didn't resist. She turned and sank on one of the cots. It groaned as she spread her legs wide. I licked my lips, savoring the earthy flavor of her asshole wreathing my tongue.

Come fuck me! Lasla moaned.

Shuddering, I rose off Pradu's face, leaving her soaked in my juices. Nephi moaned and growled, enjoying what Princess Naryu cunnilingus. As I advanced on my sister, a strap-on dildo appeared, the golden shaft obscenely huge.

Oh, my, I gasped as the weight pressed on my clit and almost had me stumbling forward. I fell to my knees on the bed between her thighs. This is a cock.

It is, moaned my sister as she drew me to her pussy. I need something big. Something different. Fuck me with it!

She pressed it against her pussy lips.

It was huge, but I trusted that my sister knew her limits. She wouldn't have conjured something she couldn't handle. I thrust forward. The blunt tip of the golden shaft spread wide her pussy lips. She gasped as her labia swallowed the shaft. I slid into her. 

Oh, my Gods, yes! she moaned. Las's big dick.

Mmm, and my big dildo, I groaned, the base massaging my clit. It felt wonderful. My tits jiggled.

Yes, yes, your big dildo! A big smile spread on Lasla's lips. This is just what I need!

Good, I groaned and drew back my hips.

She gasped as the thick, golden shaft emerged from her cunt streaked in her pussy cream. I thrust back into her. I buried to the hilt in her cunt. She shuddered, her head tossing from side to side. She squeezed her eyes shut, her boobs jiggling. Mine bounced as I fucked her.

I drove the dildo into her cunt over and over again. I fucked her with passion. I plowed into her, loving the way the base massaged my clit and pussy lips. On every thrust, pleasure shot through me, building me towards my orgasm.

My sister squirmed on the bed as I drilled into her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her again and again. I fucked her with such passion. Her face contorted with delight. She whimpered and moaned. The cot creaked.

Oh, Gods, yes! I moaned as I fucked her with the big dildo.

Las's big dick! she whimpered. I'm going to cum so hard on this dildo! Oh, yes, yes, keep fucking me, Pyrriah!

I fucked her hard. I pounded her cunt with powerful strokes. I drove into her again and again. My cunt grew hotter and hotter. Fire flickered in my red hair dancing on the edges of my vision. I pounded her, hot juices running down my thighs.

I plowed into her with passion. I thrust into her hard and fast. I shuddered, my pussy dripping juices. They flowed down my thighs. A hot trickle that felt so naughty. I whimpered, building and building towards my explosion.

I fucked my sister with all my might.

I thrust into my sister, my clit burst with pleasure. She arched her back, her boob jiggling, and then she climaxed. I could tell even though I couldn't feel her flesh spasming around the dildo. I drew back as her head tossed.

I slammed into her cunt. Sparks sizzled from my clit. I burst in flames.

Yes! I howled, my hair glowing bright red.

My breasts jiggled. The fires burned out of my convulsing cunt and raced through my body. I grabbed my sister's tits. I held them tight as I quivered through my rapture. My mind blazed with rapture. Ecstasy consumed me.

It was wonderful. My fingers squeezed her tits as we both cried out in rapture. I tossed my head, my eyes fluttering. It was fanatic. I groaned, my breast rising and falling. I felt so dizzy from the bliss of this moment. 

Oh, that was incredible, I moaned, staring down at my sister.

She banished the dildo. I fell on her, pressing my tits into hers. I kissed her, our lips melting together. She trembled beneath me. I was so glad that she had shaken off whatever the queen did. I couldn't wait for Kurtis to get back.

I should be with him. He was in danger, and I was stuck in this cell. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Foothills of the Ostol Mountains

There was a heavy weight on me.

It squeezed out anything. Just darkness. I could feel it pressing on my mind. I had to lift it off of me. My mother had been hit by an arrow. She had been struck and had collapsed. I had to help her. To save her. 

I battled with it. The darkness not only was heavy, but sticky. Syrupy. It clung to me. It kept me down in the black. I had to get up. I had to escape from this crushing weight. My mother was dying. DYING!

I couldn't even cry out for her. All I could do was battle. Fight. Struggle. I had to get this off of me. I pushed on it with every ounce of will that I had. If I could growl, I would be snarling like a furious beast. I had to wake up.

Something changed.

The weight grew lighter. The world bled from black to gray. A lightning. What was going on? I could start to feel my body. I lay on a bed. Why? I had been riding in a canyon. I had been fleeing to the... the...

REBELS!

I gasped and suddenly I could see light through my eyes. The sort of reddish glow that bled through my eyelids. I groaned, feeling fingers twitch. My body felt so heavy, still. A strange lethargy gripped me.

I would not let it defeat me.

I snarled and then I wrenched open my eyes. I blinked as I stared up at a stone ceiling. I could smell herbs and chemicals. A melange of bitter and spicy aromas. I groaned, blinking. I lay on a bed, blankets over me.

Oh, you're awake, a woman said. Then she stepped over me. She had a deep-brown hue to her skin and black hair. Her eyes were flinty gray but had a brightness to them. Welcome, welcome back to consciousness.

Mother, I groaned. Where's... my... mother...?

Who? she asked, blinking her eyes. 

To be continued...
