			04	Helena Rossi

	When I was 16 I was really trying to be like the other girls, having the same stupid preoccupations of dressing up and trying to be beautiful and getting a nice boyfriend with a car and stuff, I was in conflict with the lesbian experience I had, and I could not assume myself as a lesbian or bi or whatever, so like the other girls I went to the beach for sunbath and I even bought a body-board or as we could at that time a moorey-boogie, or whatever, so sometimes I would try to surf some waves when the sea wasn't very big or treacherous, so normally I would stay with some female friends of mine under the umbrella protecting us against the hot sun, and we would chat about anything, most of us were really pretty babes middle class well fed kids from Rio, meaning Carioca, truly I didn't fit much in the stereotyped hedonistic girl, at that time I was discovering literature, I was reading Sartre, Camus and Dostoivisky, and I was moaning that I could not get a boy who could understand me or talk about that with me, there was another girl, who was really pretty, she was called Helena Rossi, her brother was called Paolo Rossi, I really hated her brother who was a young play boy but handsome all the same, Helena was pretty but she lacked the confidence and self stem her brother had, she walked as curved as I did, and she did moaned like I did, she was taller than me, longer black hair, bigger tits but not gigantic, and a nice pussy with a reasonable amount of pubic hair, I could not take my eyes from her bikini, I was afraid to be discovered, I did not want to be a lesbian I was thinking, but Helena was so sweet, I could not keep her out of my mind for much, I wait with anxiety to see her on the beach. 
	On day the sea was really flat, there were not many waves really so I took my body-board and was just swimming and relaxing at the sea when I was surprised by beautiful Helena, trying to share some room of my small body-board, she smiled and apologised cause she realised I had a small shock, but soon we were smiling our bodies were really close and I did feel something inside me, our legs were touching and her arm did touch my tit, we were looking at each other like asking "oh oh what's going on here?" when a small wave came and covered us. I did take the chance and embraced her and kissed her on the mouth, strongly but without tongue, I hold her on my arms, she did not react but she did kiss me back. We left to the shore without speaking to each I was in the sand at pains. I was nearly ready to explain myself but at 2 pm she said that she had to go, but before would like to come to my house to talk about a party or some stupid dress or something, she did invent some excuse, its funny cause those girls were strictly friends for the beach or some causal innocent party, why did I ever get her phone number, I was wondering why. Perhaps I was just trying to avoid what would come next.
	When we arrived at home there was just the lady who cooked and cleaned the house, she asked if we both would have lunch, I said yes, but asked her not to worry much about that, we would arrange ourselves later, my father and my mother in law would arrive just 4 hours later. So we went to shower. That was beautiful. We undressed each other, but without touching, just looking. I said she was beautiful. She asked me why did I did what I did, I said I did not know up to now seeing her beautiful body was making me want some more, so I was touching her on the arm and as she was demonstrating shyness I was more dominant so I came to her softly embracing her, and our tits touch each other and it was like fire, it was amazing. So we kissed, and kissed, and played nipples, nothing genital quite yet. 
	We came to my room wrapped in towels, and there she just put us in a mad 69, I was behind and she was sucking me good, could not imagine, we were 2 beautiful wet dolls, sucking each other, and it was so good kiss her ass, cause she just went hotter, she started saying dirty things for me, I did cum once, and she did cum into my mouth, it was amazing. We kept kissing and holding each other and crying too, yes, how could we keep that secret, if any of the girls just dreamed about that it would be a major problem for us. She told me it was her second time, she told me the girl who did her, I could not believe it! That girl had so many boyfriends! But like Alessandra, it she too had many boyfriends and still she did me more than once. I told her that I could not take my eyes of her pussy, she said she knew it, and that I did turn her on, and she did masturbate thinking on me putting 3 fingers inside her pussy, after that we kissed again, and sucked each other again and I did put 3 fingers inside her pussy and later one inside beautiful ass. We cried a little more again, and then kissed, we arranged to meet once more for a last encounter...

2001/5761
please email doloreskrugg@hotmail.com for coments.

