Blair's Freshman Year
By Volante


DISCLAIMER:

This is a copyrighted work and the intellectual 
property of the author.  Any reposting or reproduction
is strictly prohibited without
the express written permission of the author.

The contents of this story are fictitious.  Any 
similarity to persons alive or dead is purely 
coincidental.

This story contains descriptions of sex. It is 
intended 
for adults only.  If  you are offended by material of 
this nature, are under the legal age in 
your location to read this material, or it is illegal 
for you to possess this material, go no further.




Chapter 2 


 
 To my surprise, I adjusted pretty quickly to the 
new living arrangement. Being naked around the house 
became second nature to me within only a couple of 
days. However, seeing the other girls naked was 
something I was still coming to terms with.  I have 
never had even a remote attraction to girls but all of 
the girls here were really pretty and easy going. I 
had to admit that I was drawn to studying their bodies 
when they weren't looking. 
 
 One thing I was extremely fascinated by was both 
Ashley and Jana's pubic areas because they were both 
clean-shaven. Out of curiosity I would often try to 
sneak a glimpse of their folds. 
 
 It was good to see Carol coming to terms with the 
situation. She and Jana had joined Ashley and I later 
that afternoon at the pool and Jana had done a good 
job of calming her down. Carol still acted modest 
around the house and covered herself frequently as 
others passed by, but she was least opening up to the 
idea. 
 
On Wednesday, Carol and I met just before Ms. 
Carter's class and walked there together. Once in the 
classroom we found that the desks were gone and all 
that remained were the chairs forming a sort-of half 
circle around Ms. Carter's desk. Half of the chairs 
were labeled girls and the other half boys. Each group 
was basically opposite the other so that the guys had 
to face the girls and vice versa. 
 
We picked seats next to each other and waited to 
begin. Ms. Carter soon arrived and closed the door. 
Just as before, she set down her briefcase and slipped 
off her dress. Looking around the room she said, "I 
see quite a few decided not to return." 
 
I did a quick count. There were now only 8 guys 
and 8 girls. Probably about half of what was here on 
Monday. 
 
 Ms. Carter climbed onto her desk and sat Indian 
style. "Let's jump right in. Do we have any couples in 
here? Is anyone boyfriend or girlfriend with a fellow 
classmate." There was a long pause and finally a guy 
and girl raised their hands. 
 
 "Wonderful." Ms. Carter beamed. "We seldom have 
this happen. Why did the two of you sign up together?" 
 
The guy shrugged, "We thought it would be cool." 
 
The class giggled at that. Ms. Carter then turned 
the girl, "And your opinion would be..?" 
 
She turned red, "I don't know, just to learn 
about sex between humans. There's more to it than ... 
you know." 
 
"No. I don't know." Ms. Carter said. "More to it 
than what?" 
 
She turned redder. "You know... in, out, in, 
out." 
 
Ms. Carter smiled. "Would you be talking about 
intercourse? Or the more common term, 'fucking'?" 
 
The girl had slid down in her seat just a little. 
She clearly did not like being the center of attention 
here. Ms. Carter paused for a moment, "I'll change 
questions. First what are your names?"
 
The couple introduced themselves as James and 
Erin. "Well Erin, have the two of you had 
intercourse?" 
 
Erin very barely nodded her head. 
 
Ms. Carter frowned slightly, "Remember, I do 
grade based on participation. Have the two of you had 
intercourse."
 
Realizing she wasn't going to get off the hooked 
she spoke softly, "Yes." 
 
Satisfied, Ms. Carter turned to James, "Okay so 
now we know the two of you have fucked. James how 
often do the two of you fuck?" 
 
Now James was on the spot. He himself turned red 
as he stole a glance at his girlfriend.    "Every 
night." He stuttered. 
 
"Every night?" Ms. Carter looked amazed. "Oh, the 
joys of youth. How many times each night does he fuck 
you?" She asked turning back to Erin. 
 
Erin was practically hiding her face in her hands 
out of embarrassment. "One, sometimes two." She 
managed squeaked out. 
 
Ms. Carter then turned back to the rest of the 
class, "I am trying to make a point here at the 
expense of these two students. Every night, everyday, 
even right now, somewhere, someone is fucking. 
Everyone you ever meet is the result of two people who 
fucked. Everyone who ever lived is the result of 
fucking. Yet, it is hard to even talk about in 
public." She began to discuss various other aspects of 
societies taboos. 

"So now that we know and understand that sex is 
common and occurs everyday by damn near everyone, we 
need to push the envelope here. Let me explain how I 
will be grading this course. First there will be four 
major scores that will average together to make your 
final grade. One of the four scores will be assigned 
to you by me as to how well you acted or performed in 
class." She motioned to James and Erin and said, "I 
will not count today's half assed answers. Next time, 
I want answers we can all hear clearly and without 
hesitation." 
 
She continued, "Two of the other grades will be 
made up of two projects or exams that I will notify 
each of you of as they approach. And the fourth score 
will be made up of an average of a daily grade. The 
daily grade will be handed out by me and each day the 
grading curve may be different but I will be sure to 
let you know what is expected that day." 
 
She leaned back slightly and looked around at the 
lot of us. "For today's grade we will, like I said, 
push the envelope. We are going to have an experiment 
in breaking social barriers. I am going to award 
points for a few tasks. If you collect any points, 
that will be your grade for the day. No points equals 
zero." 
 
I looked around nervously at the class. I could 
tell everyone was getting restless as well.  
"First, I will award 50 points to one guy and one girl 
only. The first ones naked receive the points."  
Everyone's jaw dropped. Did she actually expect us to 
undress in class? I was getting used to it at home but 
in front of guys? And Strangers? 
 
No one had moved. Ms. Carter spoke up, "For a 
race this is moving very slow. Not only will the first 
guy and girl naked receive 50 points but they will be 
well on the way to earning my favor in regards to 
class participation." 
 
To hell with it, I thought. I had been naked more 
than dressed for the past two days, so I stood up and 
began to take off my shirt. That must have broken the 
ice because suddenly 3 boys and 2 other girls stood 
and we all began throwing off our clothes as fast as 
possible. I yanked my bra off with out even unhooking 
it. I was kicking my shoes off wildly. As I finally 
got to my panties and dropped them to my ankles I 
looked up and saw that I had beat the other two girls 
who wear now topless and in the process of taking off 
their blue jeans.
 
James was the first of the guys to standing naked 
and all of us girls were staring at his erection. 
 
Ms. Carter said. "I see that Blair and James win 
50 points each. I will give the rest of you 25 points 
to anyone else who gets naked." 
 
Ms. Carter urged the other girls and guys who had 
joined the race continued to disrobe since they were 
almost naked anyway. I looked to Carol and saw she was 
still sitting not wanting to participate. I motioned 
for her stand up and join me, but she shook her head. 
 
A minute later there were 3 naked girls (not 
counting Ms. Carter) and 3 naked boys. I noticed Erin 
was one of the naked girls. All of the guys were 
sporting bulging erections. 
 
Ms. Carter got off the desk and stood in the 
middle of us. "Those of you who are naked, remain 
standing. Everyone else will receive a zero for 
today's grade." She went over and stood in front of 
one of the guys. She asked his name. 
 
"Aaron," he replied. 
 
Ms. Carter then asked, "When was the last time 
your dick was inside a pussy, Aaron?" 
 
"Three weeks ago. With my girlfriend back home." 
He said. 
 
Ms. Carter then walked past James and said, "We 
know when your dick was last wet."   She stopped at 
the other naked male. "And you?" 
 
"My name is Scott and I am a virgin." He said. 
 
"Ooh, really. How interesting." Ms. Carter cooed. 
"Do you like being a virgin Scott?" 
 
"No Ma'am. I want to fuck." He stated plainly. 
 
"Very well done. I like your frank and quick 
answer." She then crossed over to us girls and passed 
Erin giving her a look. She stopped at the next girl. 
Her name was Kim and she had last had sex two months 
ago. 
 
Then she came to me. "So tell me, Blair. When did 
you last have a dick inside of you? " 
 
I answered quickly trying to block out that I was 
becoming aroused. "Six months ago, before high school 
graduation." 
 
"Wow," said Ms. Carter. "The worst case yet. She 
has had sex so she knows what it is like but she 
hasn't had any in a long time. Poor baby." 
 
She walked back to the middle of the group. "Okay 
class, remember we are working on breaking down social 
taboos. The next round of points is for the girls. 
I'll give 25 points to the first girl to get on my 
desk and lay on her back and..." 
 
That was all I heard and I raced for the desk. I 
had it in my mind to automatically react to whatever 
she said. I was already naked and I had been pushing 
my boundaries all week. My inhibitions were quickly 
being taken away. The other two girls were still 
standing and waiting for Ms. Carter to finish but I 
was already on the table.

"Damn, Blair. I guess you didn't want to hear the 
rest. I will finish anyway. I'll give 25 to the first 
girl to lay back on my desk and spread her legs for us 
to examine her." She finished. 
 
I hadn't exactly expected that. Spreading my legs 
for everyone to look at my pussy displayed is quite a 
lot more than just standing around naked. I hesitated 
a moment and slowly spread my legs, opening myself for 
others to study. I looked at the naked guys. Their 
tips of their penis's were so swollen it looked as if 
they would pop. 
 
I felt a trickle of my wetness leak out and drip 
down the lower part of my buttocks. I was so horny. 
Being naked on display with naked horny guys was 
making me delirious with lust. A thought crossed my 
mind that I almost hoped that Ms. Carter would ask one 
of them to fuck me. 
 
"Look how wet she is, class." Ms. Carter pointed 
out. "I'm sure we all know that a pussy lubricates 
itself when properly stimulated. But what I am 
wondering is why this one is all wet? We haven't 
touched it. Blair, why is your pussy dripping wet when 
no one has done a thing to you?" 
 
"Um, I'm not sure." I said. 
 
"Not good enough, here." Ms. Carter said sternly. 
"I want you to think about the questions I ask you. I 
want you to give me an answer. I do not want to hear 
'I don't know' as the answer. I'll ask again. Blair, 
why is your pussy wet?" 
 
I thought for a moment. "I guess I am excited 
because I am doing something I am not supposed to do. 
Or maybe because nudity is associated with sex." 
 
"Very good, Blair! Two very good points worthy of 
discussion. First, doing something sexual we are not 
supposed to be doing can be arousing. Breaking taboos 
can be very exciting indeed as we are observing. But 
who says these are things we are not supposed to do? 
Who says we can't walk around naked and why?" Ms. 
Carter paused for the rhetorical question to sink in. 
"And the next point is just as valid. Why do humans 
relate nudity with sex? Just because someone is naked 
doesn't mean anything." Ms. Carter walked over to 
Scott, the virgin, and asked, "Why do you think people 
link nudity with sex?" 
 
Scott answered, "Because that's when most sex 
takes place, when people are naked." 
 
"Hmm, perhaps. But if everyone walked around 
naked all the time, would that change things? If you 
were exposed to naked women every hour of every day, 
would you still have a constant hard-on?" 
 
Scott chuckled, "I don't suppose I would, but it 
would be fun to find out." The class laughed with him. 
 
Ms. Carter seemed please with his answer. "Well, 
I guess I need to even the points out for you men 
here. I can clearly see that you three are quite pent 
up." She eyed their erections. "Ill give 25 points to 
the first man who ejaculates. And no, you may not have 
help." 
 
The guys looked at each other nervously. None of 
them looked like they wanted to masturbate in front of 
everyone. "Come on guys," Ms. Carter encouraged. "We 
have a great physical specimen to gaze upon while you 
pleasure yourself. Blair is a very pretty girl here. 
She is naked. Her pussy is wide open and glistening." 
She was using a very sultry voice trying to entice the 
naked guys into masturbating. "Just think about 
walking over here and inserting that hard cock into 
her. Think about her moaning as you slid your long 
hard dicks in and out of her pussy." 
 
It was working, all three of the guys now had 
their hands on their cocks stroking up and down. The 
other guys who were still seated were squirming in 
their seats. The girls were watching in fascination. I 
saw Carol with her jaw dropped as the guys played with 
themselves. I'll admit that I was hotter than I have 
ever been. I even reached down with my hand and 
started to rub my clit as I watched everything. 
 
Ms. Carter made her way back to the desk where I 
was and gently reached down and grabbed the hand I was 
using to pleasure myself. She moved my hand away from 
my pussy and put it back down on my side. "Not now, 
dear." She said. 
 
What! I'm horny as hell and the guys are jacking-
off but I can't. I gave her a very frustrated look. 
"Soon," she said. I was about to explode. As she stood 
beside me she spoke again to the guys, "That's it. 
Show us girls how you stroke your dicks." 
 
Suddenly, Scott started cumming. His cum shoot 
out in huge streams. One stream went almost 5 feet and 
hit my knee. The girls watched in amazement as he seed 
went flying. His stomach twitched as he completed his 
orgasm. 
 
"Scott definitely earned his 25 points," Ms. 
Carter exclaimed. "You other boys can stop now." 
 
James and Aaron clearly expressed frustration on 
their face and put theirs hands back to their sides. 
 
Ms. Carter addressed them, "I want Blair and 
Scott to remain naked. Everyone else may get dressed." 
 
I waited, still laying on display. Finally, the 
others were clothed and seated. 
 
"Okay, you two," Ms. Carter said addressing Scott 
and myself. "I still have 25 points to give out to 
finish off today's daily grade. Scott I'll give you 25 
points just see your cock hard again before class ends 
in 10 minutes. And Blair, I'll give you 25 points if 
you can go the rest of the day without pleasing 
yourself." 
 
Scott instantly began pulling on his now flaccid 
penis. I shot Ms. Carter a very disgusted look. She 
returned my gaze with an amused smile. I got off the 
desk and began to get dressed. 
        
By the time the class was over Scott was still 
desperately trying to get stiff but had failed to do 
so. 
 
"Sorry Scott. Maybe next time. "Ms. Carter said 
as she put on her dress.




Carol and I met for lunch again and talked about 
what had just occurred. I was still wound tight. I 
desperately needed an orgasm. I could hardly 
concentrate on Carol as she talked. "I'm in over my 
head here." She said. "I like sex and all, but I don't 
like the idea of parading it around in front of 
people. Living at the house is hard enough, but at 
least there I have Jana to help me out." 
 
"What about Jana?" This was new to me. I know 
that supposedly Jana had talked with Carol but I 
didn't know any other details. 
 
"She helps me. It's hard to explain." She said. I 
left it at that; I was too distracted to pry. 
Horniness had replaced curiosity. 
 
We returned to the house after shopping for 
required textbooks and supplies. We undressed in the 
foyer and carried or clothes and supplies up to our 
rooms. This was going to be a long day. It was only 
mid-afternoon and I was expected to last the rest of 
the day with touching my clit. To make it worse I 
couldn't get those guys cocks out of my mind. I could 
clearly recall their shape, size and the eagerness of 
their owners to be used. And now I had to walk around 
naked surrounded by other naked people. I wondered 
just what was I supposed to learn from this? 
 
I attempted to distract myself by completing 
homework from one of my other classes. I eventually 
finished but it took me three times longer because I 
had to constantly refocus and frequently double check 
what I had just done. 
 
Frustrated, I went downstairs for a drink. I 
found Ashley sitting on the sofa watching TV. I filled 
a glass and joined her. I was hoping that whatever she 
was watching could help take my mind off things. 
 
As I sat down Ashley said, "I hear you got the 
abstinence challenge today in class." 
 
I noticed the TV was only on a game show of some 
kind. "Yeah, and I am going batty. You have no idea 
how horny I am right now. I am about to say to hell 
with those 25 points and go finger myself into 
oblivion." 
 
Ashley laughed heartily at that comment. "The 
thing to remember regarding Ms. Carter's class is that 
everything she has her students do is for a reason. 
You could give up the 25 points but what do you lose 
in the process?" 
 
"I was thinking about that earlier. I have no 
clue as to what the moral of this story could be. What 
do I gain from not getting off?"
 
Ashley looked at me sharply, "The challenge is 
not to go without getting off. The challenge is to not 
get 'yourself' off. Trust me. I have been in that 
situation before." 
 
"Ahh!" I said, the light suddenly coming on. The 
test was to see if I would break down and have sex 
with someone on the spot. Would I push myself into a 
one-night stand for relief? Just another taboo 
breaker. "Well," I said jokingly, "I guess I need to 
go find me a stud." 
 
Ashley giggled. Then her look at me softened. 
"There is another way, Blair." 

The only thought in my head right now was to get 
some guy to fuck the hell out of me. "What other way?" 
I asked. 
 
She leaned over and softly caressed my upper 
thigh with her right hand. My skin was already 
electrified but she just brought me to nuclear status. 
Her caresses continued toward my pubic area. I did not 
want her to stop but a single coherent thought came to 
mind: This was another girl! 
 
"Stop." I said meekly. I wasn't a lesbian. Was 
Ashley a lesbian? 
 
"Why?" Ashley asked. "It feels so good doesn't 
it?" She moved her fingers through my pubic hair and 
then gently into the folds that covered my clit. "I 
know this feels good for you, Blair. Do you really 
want me to stop?" 
 
Her fingers were softly going around my button; I 
was so close to the edge. "No, please. Please just get 
me off." 
 
Then she stopped. "Nope." Ashley said and sat 
back up. "Not yet." 
 
"I'm almost there. Please." I begged. 
 
"I'll make a deal with you," she offered. "You 
get me off first, then I'll get you off." Then she 
spread her legs and laid back on the couch putting her 
clean-shaven pussy in my view. 
 
"Ashley, I'm not a lesbian. I like guys." I 
pleaded. 
 
"Me too. I love a hard dick pumping me to 
heavenly bliss but I settle for what I can get. Around 
here there is no shortage of eager hot pussy so I take 
advantage of it when I can." 
 
I needed to come so bad that I relented. I 
reached over and began softly feeling her mound making 
my way to her slit. 
 
"No way." She said. "I want your tongue on me 
down there." 
 
"But I've never done..." 
 
She stopped me. "Do you want me to make you come 
or not. It's not difficult. It's clean, I just 
showered." 
 
Reluctantly, I knelt in front of her and put my 
face in front of her pussy. She was already soaking 
wet. Almost as wet as I was. I used my hands to open 
up her folds and lowered my mouth to her. 
 
As my tongue found her clit she sucked in a large 
breath and moaned. I softly danced my tongue around 
her clit as she slowly writhed in pleasure. I would 
occasionally suck one her lips into my mouth and then 
go back to her magic spot. I was pleasantly surprised 
by her taste. I had originally feared that the 
moistness of a girl's pussy would have a funky taste, 
but Ashley's juice was intoxicating. This added to my 
own eagerness to be satisfied.
 
I abandoned all reservations about having a pussy 
in my face. I solely wanted to make her cum so it 
could then be my turn. I didn't have to wait long. 
Soon she was soon contracting and bucking in the 
throws of orgasm. As she came I continued lapping at 
her. When she came down from her high she smiled at me 
and said, "You have certainly earned your reward. You 
are hands down the best first timer I've ever had." 
 
I blushed at her compliment. I sat up with 
Ashley's private nectar all over my mouth. I raised my 
hand to wipe it away but Ashley quickly grabbed my arm 
and rose up to me. We were face to face and looked 
into each other's eyes.

Then she leaned over and began to kiss all around 
my mouth. Finally she kissed me on the lips. At first 
she was gentle but then pressed harder against me. I 
opened my mouth as she did the same. I felt her tongue 
meet mine. As our kiss grew in duration, so did my 
passion. I found that not only did kissing and eating 
out another girl not turn me off, but rather I was on 
fire. I was Mount Etna on the 25th hour.

Eventually our kiss broke. Ashley continued with 
her mouth but this time she was trailing her tongue 
down my neck. She lingered as she reached my 
collarbone. I was moaning loudly; a single wisp of air 
across my clit would bring me over the edge. I wanted 
her to hurry and get to my pussy. And I wanted her to 
continue her delicate kisses on my shoulders. I had 
gone beyond rational thought.

My nipples, which were already firm, turned to 
hard granite when she first placed her mouth on my 
breasts. Her tongue flicked around each areola in turn 
as she suckled my nipples. She finished each kiss with 
a gentle nibble with her teeth. The sensation of her 
playing with my tits transformed itself into a mighty 
current, which was flowing directly into my pussy. I 
was leaking badly down there now. I could feel 
multiple trickles coming from within me and down my 
leg. I had never been so wet or excited.

Ashley's talented mouth continued across my 
stomach, planting kisses down my abdomen. Until.

Finally.

She was there.

She had softly kissed around the sides of my 
pussy. I felt her tongue lap at my dribbling juices. 
She started at the bottom of a moisture trail on my 
leg and lapped it up all the way to its source. She 
parted me open with her fingers and her mouth covered 
my clit.

The wave of orgasms started instantly. From the 
first contact I felt on my clit I was sent into bliss. 
The waves of pleasure were non-stop as I went from 
orgasm to orgasm. As soon as I would complete one 
eruption, Ashley would flick my clit again and I would 
start a new one. The pleasure was so intense that I 
blacked out after the fourth orgasm.


I awoke on the couch; my head was in Ashley's lap 
as she pet my hair. I looked up and met here eyes. We 
smiled at each other.

"Are you okay?" she asked caringly.

"Yeah," I said. "I think so. Wow!" I took a 
moment to breathe. "I've never experienced anything 
like that. You were amazing."

Ashley shrugged, "Ms. Carter laid the foundation. 
I only finished the job."

"Regardless, of who did what I owe you a thank 
you." I said. Ashley leaned down to me and gave me a 
quick kiss. I stopped her before she rose back up. I 
wrapped my hand back around her head and brought her 
back to me, where we shared a deeper kiss. When we 
parted we remained on the couch for some time.

Ms. Carter walked in and announced supper was 
ready. She saw that I was awake and stopped before 
returning to the dinning room. "How are you, dear?" 
She asked.

"Feeling very good." I answered. "And a little 
bit topsy turvy."

Ms. Carter nodded her head with a smile and left 
the room. Ashley and I joined her and the other girls 
for dinner.




Continued..........

