COALTON CORRECTION FACILITY

BY JSMILES

Part 3

Initiation Spanking

Bubba placed Kelsi on the floor, and immediately, she was bent
over a big padded spanking horse, and quickly cuffed and
restrained over it. Billy left Bubba alone with Kelsi and
returned to help the Doctor with AmySue's examination.

As Kelsi lay bent forward over the spanking horse, she heard
Bubba running some water and getting stuff prepared. She thought
that it was nice of him to wash his hands, but it wasn't until
she heard the jar unscrewed and felt the Vaseline being smeared
on her anus that she really wondered what was going to happen.

Suddenly she felt something cold nuzzle up to her tight little
puckered rose. She squealed loudly, "AAGHHHhh, It hurts!" as this
cold object nudged up into her entrails. Bubba had greased up a
5" butt plug, and slowly he began pushing it into Kelsi's tight
little anus. It stretched and opened her little pink rosette,
spreading her anus, as she squealed and trembled with fear.

A hot burning feeling quickly followed, as her inner and outer
sphincters were stretched to unnaturally new dimensions. She
cried and sobbed for minutes, until the burning slowly faded.
Then Bubba said, "Kelsi, the slight burning pain will subside
soon. I want you to know that all of the girls at CCF are given a
cleansing enema upon arrival, and "sized". It's one of the ways
that we teach cleanliness and also teach submission to their
Trainers. A good cleansing enema is essential to your good
health. Get used to this idea, cuz' you will be receiving enemas
and wearing a plug like this for a number of days.

Suddenly warm mildly glycerin and soap liquid began squirting
through the butt plug and up into her rectum. She had never had
an enema before, and when the first cramps from the water rippled
through her intestines, she began to sob and cry like a baby.

"OOOhhhh, Please Bubba, stop this. I'm sorry for the things I did
and said. OOOOhhhh, Gawd, that hurts. Please let me up and stop
the pain."

Bubba just stroked her bottomcheeks and tickled her pussy as he
said, "I know you are sorry Kelsi, but your learning lesson
tonight has just begun. You still have a lot more retribution to
experience, as you still have your initiation spanking to receive
while you retain your enema."

"OOOOhhhh NO, PLEASE!" she squealed, as another cramp took her
breath away momentarily. As the enema bag totally drained, Kelsi
just lay over the spanking horse sobbing. The enema then began
doing it's work, lubricating, cleansing and moving around inside
of her intestines, Bubba then took his big hand, and began to
spank her cute tight teenage buttcheeks.

THWACKKK, THWACKK, Bubba began spanking her tightly stretched,
enema filled bottom. "OOOOhhhh GAWD, I HURT SO MUCH!" Kelsi
screamed. Bubba continued spanking her tight little teenage ass,
while Kelsi screamed and perspired and wiggled her cute butt in a
most provocative manner.

He gave her fifty smacks with his large black hand, and turned
her white ass to an angry shade of red. She sobbed hysterically
now, retaining the enema and suffering the burning sting from the
spanking.

"OOOOhhhhh, PLEASE, SIR! Let me go! My insides are aching and my
ass is burning up from your spanking."

Bubba reached down between her legs and touched her dripping wet
pussy lips. Punishment at CCF was always followed with soothing
massaging hands and warm encouraging words.

"You've done well so far Kelsi, and I want you to know that I am
doing this for your good. I am here to correct you and to
discipline you, so that you can become a constructive part of
society. Damn girl, you must love this spanking stuff though,
'cuz you are so hot and so fuckin' wet, I'm almost afraid that
you might cum while I'm spanking you, so I am going to release
you and allow you to void your bowels. Then I want you back over
this spanking horse for the extra punishment that you are to
receive for mouthing off to the warden and for the words that you
swore at the Doctor and myself, got it!"

Bubba undid Kelsi's restraints, but left the plug in. He helped
her to the bathroom, and then made her squat over the pot as he
pulled her butt plug. As soon as he pulled it, she sat down, and
gushed out the fowl water that had caused her so much pain and
cramping. She totally purged herself, wiped and rinsed herself,
and then returned to the big room. Sobbing and defeated, she
dejectedly lay back over the spanking horse and allowed Bubba to
reattach the restraints. He was pleased with her quick learning
and realization that she must comply with his demands.

Bubba then picked up a long wispy willow cane, and swished it
through the air. The very sound of it cutting through the air
sent chills of fear through little Kelsi. Then just as suddenly,
SWISHHH., it stung her rear cheeks.

It took a moment, and then "AAAUUUGHHHH, FUCK!" She screamed, as
searing hot pain shot through her butt. SWISHHH.., SWISHHHH.,
Bubba sent to stinger shots to each of her cheeks. She squealed
in pain and sobbed wildly, struggling and wiggling, but was
unable to avoid her sentence, as Bubba continued to sting her
bottom with additional more hard shots.

"AAAUUGHHH, GAWD! PLEASE STOP, SIR! I can't take any more of
this. OOOhhh, PLEASE, MY ASS IS ON FIRE! Surely my ass must be
bleeding raw."

