
Fun at the fair 1 Day, 7 Hours ago
 
My first time at this, please let me know what you think.....

One breezy Sunday morning I was bored and felt like being a bit bad so I called my friend Lucy, she was always good fun but a bit naughty and I knew that she would liven up my day. Lucy said that she was busy, but, if I was really that bored then she could cancel her plans and spend the day with me - providing that I let her decide everything we did. 

I agreed and she arrived at my flat about an hour later, she took one look at what I was wearing and shook her head. "I am not going out with you looking like that, I will find you something". "OK", I said, a bit bemused, I didn't see what was wrong with jeans and a shirt.

She went through my cupboard and found a slinky dress, I didn't wear it often as it was a bit short for comfort.

"Take off your clothes then" said Lucy, I complied by taking off my jeans, then my shirt. I held my hand out for Lucy to pass me the dress. "I said take off your clothes, you still have some on" she said, "you agreed that if I spent the day with you you would do everything I wanted - so take ALL of your clothes off". I smiled and undid my bra before slipping it off, I then stepped out of my knickers as Lucy watched. It felt strange being completely naked in front of my friend. "Good" she said and handed me the dress. I put it on. As I thought, it only just covered my bum and it felt odd having no bra on, "let's go" said Lucy and before I could argue she pushed me out of the door and into her car. I started to feel nervous, "where are we going" I asked, "don't worry, just relax" replied Lucy.

After a few minutes we arrived at the local fair, I got out of the car and the breeze immediately lifted my skirt, I tugged it down and was reprimanded by Lucy who told me that I was not to touch my dress at all, no matter what happened.

She took me over to the ferris wheel, it was really busy and I was very conscious of my barely covered bum as we walked through the crowd. We paid and went to get into the next free pod, the wheel was the kind that doesn't stop moving and you had to be quick to jump on. Lucy pushed me into the pod and then with lightning speed ripped my dress off and jumped out again. I was too surprised to react in time and the pod moved past the platform. I was stuck, alone and naked on and in full view of everyone. A few people in the crowd saw me and looked shocked but there was nothing I could do. As my pod went higher and higher I could see the whole fair, I felt a bit safer as no one could really see me and I quite enjoyed the feeling, as I reached the top I suddenly panicked, I was a about to descend, my pod getting lower and nearer to the crowd below and I had nowhere to hide. As the pod moved down I could see people laughing and pointing at me. I tried to cover myself up while looking for Lucy, I couldn't see her at first, then she waved, she was stood quite a way away, she laughed at waved my dress at me. 

As I approached the bottom, I froze, I couldn't bring myself to get off and walk through the crowd to Lucy, I did another circuit, again feeling helpless and exposed as the pod moved down and round, I looked for Lucy again and she had moved- even further away. Oh, this is ridiculous, I thought and with all my courage I leapt out of the pod and walked - with as much dignity as I could muster, towards Lucy. I couldn't believe it but she started walking away, forcing me to follow her, the crowd were parting as I walked through, everyone was looking and whistling, I finally caught up with Lucy who laughed and finally gave me back my dress.
