CHAPTER 8: Bride

Mello just loved the expression on Light's face.

Light looked utterly speechless. His gaze was glued to the script, laying on the floor of the cell where it had fallen. Light's sister let out a whimper and curled up within her blankets. Sayu was getting more and more withdrawn.

Mello waited until Light had walked over to pick it up, and then said, "Any questions?"

Light said, "No."

Light didn't even look that worried. Was this all an act? Was he planning something?

Mello spun around and stalked away. Half an hour was just enough time for the guys who'd been sent on shopping errands to return. He hoped they'd get a really frilly dress, exactly like he'd described for them.

It was difficult to wait, though. There was something about Light, the hard look in his eyes, the way he responded to sexual stimulation. It was like he was begging for punishment. Well, he needed to be punished. It was virtually certain that Light had to be Kira, and that he'd killed L.

Mello smiled to himself and leaned back in his chair, playing with his chocolate more than eating it, waiting for his men to return.

When they did, Mello had an uncontrollable grin at the lacy little number they had picked out. It was pink and white, and ridiculously frilly and would barely cover anything. It was a maid's outfit, complete with a tiny little apron and a matching cap to be tied under the chin. It looked like a maid's outfit that had been designed for a stripper.

Mello said, "Make him go through the enema routine and scrub him down afterwards. Then have him dress up and nail him into the box. Videotape all of it. When's he's in the box, come get me."

Rashual replied, "Sure thing."

Mello ran one last check on the ingredients in the kitchen, and then went back to his office and sat in a chair, legs crossed, waiting with a giddy feeling, almost a buzzing sensation, growing inside him.

This was it. The last bit of proof, the last piece of actual detective work to do on the case. If the rape were possible, it would clear everyone on Light's team except for Light himself.

Afterwards, there would be nothing left to do except being monitored by Near so that Light could be fully caught in his deceptions.

Will Near barge in and take custody of me, or will he monitor me from a distance, letting any form of control become evident as I am allowed to act on my own?

It didn't matter. Either way, Mello knew Light would be caught, and that it would be his own victory, with Near merely acting as a tool. Near would know it, too. He might try to claim the victory for "L" as far as the public knew, but Near himself would know the victory wasn't his own. That was all that truly counted. Avenging L, and winning the private war against Near.

Mello was on his feet almost immediately when Rashual returned, eager to experience the final phase, the last bit of true action he could perform before his likely death.

The kitchen was small, run-down and dingy, but it would work for the purpose. The huge wooden crate was wedged into a corner, higher than Mello was tall.

Mello kicked the crate and said, "Light, it starts now. You'd better hope you're ready."

There was no answer, but the watching men snickered. They'd probably been listening to Light pleasuring himself.

Mello knew his men had left a tube of lubrication and a vibrator inside the crate with Light. If Light knew what was best for him, he'd be all lubed up. It wasn't for his sake, though. Dry sex could hurt like sandpaper, and Mello didn't want to inflict that on himself.

This is what I'm now doing. I'm a rapist and a murderer, but the bastard deserves it and I've seen what the world has become. If L had been willing to use more extreme measures, I'm sure he would have caught Light. Yes, I'm a hypocrite and L would never approve of this, but what else can I do? L isn't here to be angry about it and Kira must be stopped.

Mello grabbed the provided crowbar and began prying open the crate, listening to the screech of nails being torn loose one by one. Through the widening cracks, he saw inside, in the darkness, glimpses of Light in the frilly pink-and-white stripper's maid dress. Yes, he was even wearing the cap in his hair. Plus, a sexy black garter high on one thigh. They must have grabbed that from one of the whores.

The men were already laughing, video cameras lifted high to film the action, as the last nail came loose and the front of the crate fell open, revealing Light fully. He was somehow frowning and smirking at the same time.

Light took some unsteady steps out of the crate, wobbling on high heels. Then he stood tall in front of Mello and said, in English, "I your Japanese mail order wife. You like? Which manly man I marry? I crave man so bad."

There was a flash of anger in Light's eyes. The kitty script hadn't provoked quite this reaction. Light was... interesting.

Mello stepped close to Light, breathing in his face, and said, "I'm your husband, Light. Call me Mello."

Light's hands were tangled in Mello's hair, and then Light was kissing, pulling Mello into it, Light's eyes averted to the side, looking at a camera, while his teeth gently nipped at Mello's bottom lip.

Light suddenly broke the kiss and leaned over the table, rump in the air, wiggling, his head twisted around to look back over his shoulder at Mello. Light's short skirt was flipped up, exposing his entire ass. His slender, girlish butt was clad only in black lacy high-cut panties, and then there was the garter below, all creating a nice frame, a pleasing arrangement. The audience let out catcalls and whistles.

A thrill ran through Mello. Light was really starting to look angry.

Light paused, and then said, "I want big American dick inside me. Want now. I hear American mans all have huge dick that satisfy. Asian mans only have small penis, not very satisfy for woman."

Mello lightly ran the tip of one gloved finger across Light's ass and said, "Is my little bride not a virgin? How many dicks have you had inside your vagina, Light?"

Light said, "Light is virgin. Yes, that why Light want so bad, been deprived of fucking for whole life. Hear the reputation of big dick and sell as mail bride."

Mello smacked Light's ass hard and said, "Do you want my dick? You'll have to earn it. A woman's place is in the kitchen, Light. If you're not a good cook, I'll send you back to Japan and order another one. Faulty... merchandise... can always be returned for a refund."

Light twisted up onto his elbows and said, "Light cook anything! Light good cook!"

Mello motioned to the kitchen counter and said, "Everything you need is there. Make me some fucking chocolate chip cookies, bitch."

Light rushed to the counter and gathered everything, placing the big bowl on the table and then pouring all the ingredients into the bowl. He started mixing it together with a wooden spoon, laboriously, struggling. Mello wasn't about to let him have an electric mixer.

Mello enjoyed the struggle for a while and then pressed his body close to Light, lurking over his shoulder and plucking out chocolate chips one by one to consume. The traces of cookie batter that they were coated in only made them more delicious.

Mello said, "Light, you didn't put enough chocolate chips in. You're running out. Do you need to read the instructions again?"

Light said, "Not read so good English. Perform instructions in Japanese?"

Mello slapped Light's ass hard, hard enough to leave a red mark, he was sure. Light yelped, ran to the counter, and got another bag of chocolate chips, returning and pouring them all into the bowl of batter on the table. Mello scooped out two big handfuls of chips and ate them in front of Light, defiantly staring Light down as he slowly and deliberately licked everything into his mouth and chewed.

When Mello finished, he said, "Light, you're a terrible cook. You keep refusing to add enough chocolate chips, and now we've run out. I'm afraid that I might have ordered some faulty merchandise."

Light placed both hands on the sides of his face and said, "Not send back! Not! Light is great wife! Light do anything, Light suck dick good."

And then Light was dropping to his knees. The crude comments were starting all around among the watchers, and Light was breathing faster and blushing as he opened Mello's leather pants with his fingers and teeth at the same time. Light looked wanton and horny, as if he were excited. There was still that flashing of anger in his eyes, though, as he looked up into Mello's face, but then Mello sighed as he felt Light's hands and mouth at once on him. It was making his dick throb and harden even before Light practically inhaled the entire thing and then choked on it.

The coughing felt good. Mello grabbed Light's ears and forced his way back into that tight, wet throat, feeling it as a sliding, slippery ecstasy. With each thrust, the head of his dick was held the very tightest, as it slid again and again into that moist, narrow throat, choking it deliciously.

Mello could feel Light's teeth too, his jaws open and holding back but they could bite at any moment, if Light dared to disobey, and that thrill coursed through Mello's body right out to the tips of his fingers and toes, tingling. Like everything, it was the danger, the risk, that made it truly worthwhile.

Mello could feel it rising in him, the urge to come, to come right into Light's mouth, no, deep in his throat, to force him to swallow it, no matter how he choked and gagged.

But, no, that wasn't the plan, that wasn't the script. Waiting out a refractory period would be boring and wouldn't make for a great film.

Mello roughly pulled Light away and spun him around, slamming him face-down onto the table. Light was panting hard and something in the way he squirmed... he looked like he wanted it, like he was horny, positively turned on. Light was some kind of sick fuck, but then, he was Kira, so why expect any different?

Mello remembered enough of the script to say, "Well, you're not bad at sucking dick. Maybe you were even made for it. But before we go any further, I need to inspect the merchandise. It might be faulty, after all."

Light said nothing but he closed his eyes and his muscles were relaxing, his butt pressing backwards into Mello. Mello slid a hand under Light's skirt, watching Light's face carefully as he groped around. Yes, Light was getting further into the act, his lips plump and parted just so, his body trembling, pressing into the touches, his dick fully hard, straining against the lace of the panties and twitching vigorously in Mello's hand.

Mello palmed Light's erection further, then harshly pulled his panties down to his knees and said, "Light, you've got both a dick and a pussy. Care to explain that?"

Mello pressed his erection just between Light's ass cheeks. He could feel the wetness of Light's already-prepared entrance, trying to lure him in, but he waited outside, just lightly bumping against it with little thrusts.

Light moaned and said, "This international secret, must promise not to tell. All Japanese women are magical dickgirl. Every female Japanese has penis."

Mello shed his leather vest and his silk shirt, leaning down across Light's back, feeling the thin fabric of the maid outfit and the ample skin it revealed against his bare chest, hardening his nipples. He felt as if his penis would burst if he waited any longer to penetrate Light, but he stubbornly rocked in place, so close to being inside Light's ass that he couldn't get any closer without actual fucking.

Mello pressed a kiss to the back of Light's neck and said, "What do you do with your penis, Light? What do dickgirls do?"

Mello's hands drifted underneath, teasing Light's erection with soft touches and gentle strokes. It felt extremely swollen and jumped within Mello's grasp, enormously responsive. His fingers strayed to the tip and found it dripping and sticky with pre-come.

Light said, "Us dickgirl, we sometimes play with each other penis. We get in tickle fight in shower and suck on each other until orgasm all over place. Must have ten orgasm each day or otherwise us get very sore."

Mello began stroking a little harder, making Light's breath hitch, and then he said, "Do you play with yourself Light? Do you touch your own penis and make yourself come?"

As Light said, "Yes," Mello slid inside, into the warm wetness of Light's ass, making a little moan escape Light as he squirmed underneath, positively squirmed on the table. He looked so bothered, so greedy and wanton. He was fully ready inside. It felt like suction drawing Mello in as he slipped deeper and deeper, so far in on the first thrust, and Light was spreading his legs wide, taking it, trembling slightly underneath.

Mello pulled almost entirely out, so far that when he slammed back inside it felt like a first penetration all over again. And then he was thrusting hard, letting out an animalistic snarl, determined to ream Light's ass as deeply as possible.

It was a little more difficult to remember the script, but Light was supposed to say something more.

Mello pinched Light brutally on the upper thigh to make him remember.

In a voice that strained and varied on every inward thrust, Light said, "Light play with herself, she play by grabbing dick and stroking hard, and at same time she puts cucumber in vagina and imagines American man just like you fucking her. She shove in cucumber over and over and strokes dick until she comes, and then she lick it all cum from her hands. But Light need man. She never satisfy until now."

"Show me, Light. Show me how you play with your dick."

Mello dangled one hand underneath, just next to Light's cock, and he felt Light's hands easing into place and then stroking hard. Mello grabbed Light's balls with his other hand, squeezing and making Light cry out.

Mello nearly lost it right then, but he held it in, determined to enjoy it for as long as possible, feeling Light play with himself, feeling Light on the inside, deep in the warm wetness that took his cock in again and again, and seeing Light gradually unraveling, becoming a wanton whore for the cameras. Light was bucking underneath Mello on the table, arching his back, his dress slid up to nearly his nipples.

What was this to Light? Well, he was a cold-hearted killer of thousands. In order to keep up the facade he must routinely lie to those around him, especially at work. He had a fanatic's personality and he must have become used to tricking people, using people and making everything serve his single goal.

Perhaps sex meant nothing to him; perhaps sex was never anything more than a means to the goal or part of the normal facade he showed to others, to pretend he wasn't a supernatural serial killer.

Mello pounded Light harder, barely, barely hanging on. The surging pleasure within him was almost too much to bear, but Mello wanted to hold on, to humiliate Light, to force Light to come. Light was close, he had to be. He was clearly enjoying it, and the pleasure was not forced, no, it was almost as if Light had chosen this. The emotional cues Light was giving off, they were all wrong for rape.

But if it wasn't rape, then what was it?

Was Light someone so sick that he didn't know the difference between sex and rape? But then, you'd have to be an incredible sicko to kill thousands of people. It fitted Kira perfectly. The guy who killed criminals, but was the biggest criminal of them all. Kira was the record-breaking serial killer, the worst in history. What a hypocrite.

Yes, it was rape. Light was just too depraved to know the difference.

Mello wanted to lean down and whisper in his ear, "Did you fuck L too? What did you feel when he died in your arms?"

But he didn't say anything. He held back the words by sheer force of will. Somehow, somehow Light had managed to win against L, and it wasn't fair, it wasn't right at all. Even a person who cheated by using supernatural power should not be able to win against L.

How had L slipped up? Had Light used L's one weakness, his social inexperience?

L could read people very well. It was one of the reasons he was such a recluse. L knew too much about the sickness in people to be comfortable socializing with them. But L could not use charm and social graces to impress others or to motivate them, he could only use his sheer intelligence.

Or had Light won by corrupting the team that was helping L? Had he won them to his side and turned them against L?

Those few thoughts about L prevented Mello from coming when Light lost it, when Light screamed out in pleasure and began ejaculating all over the edge of the table and the floor. Mello watched the white splashes as they appeared, dreamlike and almost detached from it all, immersed in a haze of arousal and anger.

It felt good to fuck Light hard, mercilessly, to watch him beg for it and play with himself and come, to use him like a whore. There was no reason to hold back any longer. Mello smiled and spread Light's ass cheeks as far apart as they could go, so far he could sense the skin stretching, and he kept driving in deep.

Light was quivering and helpless, spent. He was a dirty, filthy toy.

But Mello's pleasure was rising further, a heavy heat gathering and building, needing release. He closed his eyes, shutting out the room, only feeling that intense impending sensation, that unstoppable pleasure that suddenly shot out from him and into the trembling form underneath him. He was briefly insane.

Mello rocked forward with each emptying surge, almost too sensitive, feeling his slick, warm cum everywhere inside Light, more and more of it. Everything was wonderful. Nothing else existed other than the waves of pleasure and the place where his body was joined to another.

Slowly it subsided, each wave lessening, and Mello opened his eyes.

Light had a calculating expression on his face.

Mello didn't care. He was high on lust and anger, tingling all over with the lazy after-effects of a good fuck, and smug with the knowledge of a sure win.

A/N (Author's Note):

I realize it was a really long wait between the previous chapter and this one. I know I kept saying it would be updated in a particular future month, and that month kept changing. I apologize for that, and I hope the lemony goodness of this chapter helps to make up for that wait.

I have a hard time imagining Mello as a rapist, but I think Mello might go pretty far if he was dealing with L's murderer and facing his own death at the same time.