Down on the Farm
by The_Technician

Nicole is looking for the “big one,” an orgasm she can find only while bound tightly in a rural setting. She has found the perfect abandoned barn, but things don’t turn out exactly like she expected.

Down on the Farm O1 

Nicole carefully pulled her car around the back of the barn so it could not be seen from the road. She had spent months looking for a farm that was recently abandoned. The Owens’ farm was perfect for her purposes. It was over an hour’s drive from the city with no close neighbors. The Owens, an elderly couple, had died a few years ago. The house was empty, and so was the barn.

To be sure the farm was indeed vacant, Nicole had driven past the farm several times in the early evening and even at night. There were no lights from the house or the barn but the farmyard was not in total darkness. A yard light near the house was still burning, and one closer to the barn that had apparently burned out had been repaired after her first visit. That concerned Nicole at first, but then she realized that a bank or realty office would do that to keep vandals away from the property until it was eventually sold. The place was definitely empty... and it was perfect for her needs. The only thing that she had to do on her first visit was clear some of the brush behind the barn so that she could pull her car completely out of sight.

“What will it be this time?” she said to herself as she opened her trunk. In the trunk was a stack of four cowboy hats, several pairs of cowboy boots, a large duffel bag, and a 12V freezer. She quickly moved two small metal cylinders from the freezer to the duffel bag and then set it on the ground.

“I think today is a white hat day,” she said as she ***********ed the white Stetson. White meant pleasure. Black was denial. Red was pain. The red and white straw Stetson was for those special days when she sought pleasure mixed with pain. She put the white Stetson firmly in place and shook her head once or twice to settle her long brown hair back over her shoulders. Then she hummed a tune to herself as she set a pair of mid-calf, black, soft leather cowboy boots on the ground behind the car. After carefully taking off all of her clothing, she folded it and stacked it on a towel in the truck. Then before closing the trunk she picked up a magnetic key case, opened it to make sure the spare key to the trunk was inside it, and placed it just under the back of the car. Brushing off her feet, she slipped them into the boots and said loudly, “Play time!” Then picking up the duffel bag she walked into the barn.

The first time she came out to the barn, it was much darker inside and Nicole had to use a small battery-powered lantern. Now with the yard light repaired, the inside of the barn was illuminated in a soft light that caused her voluptuous body to glow slightly as she climbed slowly up to the loft carrying the duffel bag like a backpack.

Once in the loft she walked quickly to the large sawhorse-like wooden structure in the middle of the room. With her city upbringing, Nicole didn’t recognize that it was actually a saddle stand. All she knew when she first found it in the loft was that with its wide, rounded top it would be perfect for her games.

Nicole shifted the saddle stand slightly so that it fit down into the slight depressions in the old boards of the loft floor. The first time she explored the loft she wondered why someone had cut into the floorboards so that the stand was held tightly in place. But the cuts were old so she dismissed it as something to do with farming. She also wondered about the old rusted metal eyebolts which were screwed into the floor joists just behind where the saddle stand was held. And she was still confused and amused by the old four by four timber that held two old ropes that went through pulleys mounted in the loft floor. She had no idea what it was originally for, but when she first explored the barn, she had tripped against it and it rattled noisily across the floor pulled by the two ropes which held an old wagon axle supported in the air under the floor. It had taken most of her strength to pull the board back and place it behind the two by four which was nailed to the loft floor.

Regardless of what Farmer Owens had intended all of this for, tonight Nicole had her own uses for it. Standing naked– except for her hat and boots– she bent over to take several items out of the duffel bag. As she bent over she gasped slightly. Her position had exposed her sex and the night air in the barn felt very cool against her wet slit.

The first items out of the bag were her ice releases. These were not home made and were relatively expensive, but she was playing her games alone in a barn at night and she wanted to be sure that they would open like they were supposed to. She slid the cold metal cylinder over her breasts, causing her nipples to become even more stiff. Then using a threaded chain link, she attached one end of the release to the eyebolts on the four by four. Another threaded link was used to attach a short length of chain to the other end of the release. Leather wrist restraints were already attached to the chains.

She took two small items out of the bag and set them carefully on the rounded top of the saddle stand. Two larger items and two small tangles of leather were also set on the stand. A small laptop was placed on an old wooden crate a few feet behind the stand.

“Let’s see if everything is working,” Nicole said softly to herself as she opened a program on the computer. She clicked on an icon and a soft buzzing filled the barn.

“That’s one,” she said and then clicked another icon. A second, more raucous buzzing joined the first sound.

“That’s two,” she said with a smile. “Now my jewelry.”

When the third icon was clicked a very faint buzzing joined in the chorus. As soon as she heard it, Nicole clicked on a larger icon and everything became quiet.

“Program running,” she said to herself. “I wonder how long I have to wait before it activates?”

She then stepped over to the saddle stand and picked up a shiny black ass plug. She stuck it into her mouth and began licking and slobbering on it to lubricate it. She knew that special lubricants would make it go in much easier, but she enjoyed the dirtiness of putting the ass plug into her mouth. For some reason it excited her.

After a few moments she squatted slightly and began pushing the plug into her ass. It never went in really easy but she had learned that if she squatted down so that her asscheeks parted, it would eventually go in. She gave a soft grunt when her rosebud finally accepted this massive intruder and clamped back down on the narrow neck of the plug.

The dildo was much easier to insert. There was no need of lubrication. She was providing plenty of her own. In fact the opposite problem was true. She was so slick that the dildo would not remain in place on its own. As soon as she slid it in place, she quickly put on the thin leather belt and reached between her legs for the crotch strap which hung down in the back. She pulled the leather crotch strap through the special buckle, drawing it tight against the head of the dildo. She wiggled her hips– and ass– making sure everything was in place. Then she picked up one of the nipple clamps.

She squeezed the clamp to force it open and then centered it over her stiff nipple. She closed her eyes and took in a deep breath as she slowly released the clamp and allowed it to grip her sensitive teat. If she wanted pain, there would be a heavy weight hanging from the clamp, but tonight was a pleasure night, so she had chosen the clamps with the small vibrators hanging from them. She sighed again as she attached the second clamp.

She took two short straps from the bag and stood just behind the stand. Starting with her right leg, she put her boot next to the rusty eyebolt and looped the strap through the hole. Then she wound the strap tightly around her boot. The soft leather of the boot compressed against her ankle, trapping her foot in place. The end of the strap had a Velcro attachment to hold it in place. It would be easy to remove... later, when her hands were once again free. She quickly repeated the process with her left boot.

The next item was a bright red ball gag. It too was held in place with a Velcro-type strap. She wiggled her jaw to center it properly in place and then looked down at the wrist restraints lying on the floor in front of the stand.

She made an umphing sound as she leaned over the saddle stand and stretched herself out to reach the leather wrist restraints. She gasped slightly as the small vibrators hanging from the nipple clamps swung back and forth. There was enough slack in the chain for her to easily use her right hand to attach the left wrist restraint and her left hand to attach the right.

She paused for a moment taking deep breaths through her nose and the safety holes in the ball gag. She was leaned over the saddle stand with her ass high in the air. The nipple clamps were still swaying slightly. She had that wonderful feeling of anticipation she always got when she began her games. She remained motionless, breathing slowly. Then shouting “Giddyup!” as loudly as she could through her gag, she snapped the chains as if they were the reins of a team of horses pulling a wagon.

Several things happened all at once. The four by four bounced just enough to clear the board that held it in place and went skittering across the floor. The chains suddenly became very taut, pulling her forward and raising her up slightly on the saddle stand so that her ass was now pointing straight up and her weight was totally supported by her hips. And more importantly, her weight was now almost totally on the front of her cunt. She groaned and wiggled herself against the rounded top of the saddle stand.

Nicole was now breathing rapidly. She had no idea when the program would kick in. This feeling of being totally not in control thrilled her. She had once written in her diary that the feeling of helplessness when she tied herself up “was almost as good as sex.” That thrill of uncertainty was part of the reason that she used ice releases rather than electronic locks. She didn’t trust electronic locks, but she also didn’t have to set the ice releases for some specific time. They would thaw and come apart in somewhere between three and six hours. It depended on how solidly they were frozen, how well the little 12V freezer had kept them frozen, the temperature of the room, the purity of the water... a thousand little things. There was no way of knowing for sure when she would be released.

She gasped loudly. The program was now running on the computer. Her cunt was vibrating softly. She gasped again as the plug in her ass went to full vibration for just a few seconds. Then she purred softly as the clamp vibrators began to softly tease her nipples.

The program had just done its operations check. She knew what was next. This part wasn’t random. She programmed it this way. The dildo in her cunt went to full intensity. Almost immediately she screamed and thrashed in a violent orgasm. Then everything went quiet. That wasn’t her “good orgasm.” That was just purging her body of sexual energy built up as she prepared herself. Now she was ready.

The computer knew what it was doing. It slowly raised and lowered the intensities of the dildo, nipple clamp, and ass plug vibrators. Waves of vibration– and pleasure– poured into Nicole’s body. Sometimes all vibrators would be off at the same time and she would groan in frustration. Other times they would all peak at the same time and the groan would be louder and much more shrill. But with each wave Nicole would move closer and closer to the big one, the orgasm that she could reach only like this.

No man... or woman... could ever drive her this high. And strangely, even her games didn’t take her this high unless she was someplace like this abandoned barn. Maybe it was the danger of trespassing. Maybe it was the dimness of the abandoned barns. Maybe it was the smells of leather and hay and cattle and old wood. Maybe it was all of that, but combined with the helplessness and uncertainty, Nicole could reach literally mind-shattering orgasms and she was slowly moving toward what would certainly be one of her best.

Then everything stopped.

“Noooooo!” she groaned through her gag. Then her eyes were blinded by a bright light which suddenly filled the barn. A sultry woman’s voice broke the silence. “Well, well, well, what have we here?” she said.

She stepped forward and ran her hand up Nicole’s leg all the way up to the ample rounding of her ass. Nicole startled and looked around, still blinking against the lights which had been turned on in the loft. A tall, red-headed woman walked around in front of her. This was Nicole’s worst nightmare. Someone had discovered her during one of her play sessions. Her skin burned red with embarrassment, but her inner body was burning with something else.

“...ease ...ease ...ease” she mumbled through her gag.

“Please what?” the red-headed woman said as she removed Nicole’s gag.

“Please let me cum!!!” Nicole screamed.

“Why should I do that?” the woman said mockingly. “You are a trespasser on my property... a naked trespasser. Do you think you deserve to cum? I think you deserve to be punished for breaking into my barn, don’t you?”

“Please let me cum,” Nicole begged. “I’m so close.”

The woman squatted down in front of Nicole. Nicole could see up her denim skirt. For some reason the sight of those white panties almost took her over the top.

The woman lifted Nicole’s head so she could look directly into her eyes. “I know you are very close, Nicole,” she said sarcastically. “But do you deserve to cum?”

“You know my name!” Nicole almost shouted. “How?.. How?...”

The woman laughed. “When my grandparents died, they left me the farm. I have a manager who handles the crops and all that, and I just come out here once in a while to enjoy the country life.” She laughed again, “Between times, I check on things with the internet security system I had installed. There are cameras all over... in the house... outside... behind the barn... and even here inside the barn. I’ve really enjoyed watching you make use of all of my old things. ... and that key case was so easy to find. Do you always trespass naked?”

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Nicole sobbed, “but please let me cum. You can punish me... anything... but let me cum!”

“You have to ask nicer than that,” the woman said with a wry smile. “My name is Annabelle Owens. My friends call me Ann or Belle, but you can call me Mistress Ann.”

She laughed and stroked Nicole’s face lightly. “Now what was it you wanted?”

Nicole was shuddering in her restraints. She once again looked up the woman’s skirt and then looked down at the ground. “Please, Mistress Ann, please let me cum,” she begged. She took a deep breath and then sobbed, “I need to cum so badly.”

“And you shall,” Annabelle said smartly. “But first you need to be punished.”

“OK, OK,” Nicole sobbed, “but please, please, let me cum.”

Annabelle walked over to Nicole’s computer and made some quick entries. As she worked she said, “I’ve set your program to keep you all warmed up until I think you are deserving to cum.”

She turned around and patted Nicole’s ample ass. “When I was nineteen, a college friend and I came to visit Grammy and Grandpa for the weekend. Do you know what he said when he caught me using his saddle stand and hide stretcher? Gloria was tied up almost exactly like you are now and I was using one of Grandpa’s horse crops on her ass. I almost died of embarrassment. I was naked in front of my Grandpa and so was Gloria. I expected him to explode in anger, but instead he walked up close to us and said in that low almost grumble of a voice he had, ‘Does she have a safeword?’”

“‘She has to have a safeword in case you go further than she wants to go,’ he said. ‘It should be something she would never say. Your grandmother’s is moocow ... So what is it for your slave?’”

“‘Cityslicker,’ Gloria said. That was what I called her when we were alone. After that whenever I went too far or too fast for her she would say ‘cityslicker’ and I would back off for a while. We had a lot of fun in college, then she got married and moved away.”

Annabelle smacked Nicole’s ass smartly and said, “So, what is your safeword my little naked cowgirl?”

Nicole thought for a moment and then said, “Cowgirl, if I say that I really mean I can’t stand it.”

“OK,” Annabelle replied. “I was debating calling you slave cowgirl, but instead I am going to call you... ... nicole.” She smiled and patted Nicole’s ass once again. “I can even call you that in public and no one except you and me will know that you are my little naked cowgirl slave.”

Nicole felt herself blushing in shame at the thought of being Mistress Ann’s slave in public, but at the same time she felt a heat rising within her even with the vibrators almost off. Annabelle walked over to the wall. That area had been in total darkness so Nicole had not seen the reins and leather straps... and several crops and other strange-looking things hanging there. Annabelle lifted a long-handled horse crop off its hook on the wall and walked back to where Nicole was restrained with her ass high in the air.

Annabelle stood alongside her and asked, “How many strokes do you think you deserve?”

When Nicole didn’t answer, she tapped one of the small nipple vibrators and started it swinging. Then she said, “Should they be on your ass or on your udders?”

“My ass! Please, just my ass!” Nicole sobbed loudly.

“But how many?” Annabelle said, tapping the crop lightly on Nicole’s asscheeks.

“I don’t know how many I can stand,” Nicole sobbed.

“I tell you what,” Annabelle said cheerily, “I will give you twenty-five. If you stand that without using your safeword, I will let you have your orgasm.”

“OK,” Nicole said shakily. “Will you let me have more than one?”

“Oh, yes,” Annabelle said, almost laughing. “If you don’t safe out before stroke twenty-five I will let you have as many orgasms as you can stand.”

“Thank you, Mistress Ann,” Nicole said softy. She was looking at the floor and burning with shame as she said it, but she knew it was the only way to get her orgasm.

“That is exactly how I want you to respond when I swat you,” Annabelle said firmly. “You will give the count and then thank me. Do you understand that?”

“Yes, Mistress Ann,” Nicole mumbled.

“Louder!” Annabelle said forcefully.

“Yes, Mistress Ann,” Nicole said. She wasn’t speaking all that loud but in the quiet of the deserted barn it sounded to her like she was yelling.

Almost immediately Nicole felt a sharp sting on her left asscheek. When she said nothing, that was followed by a much more forceful smack that seemed to reverberate in the barn. After a moment of silence Annabelle said in a soft mocking voice, “If you don’t count them properly, they don’t count.”

Nicole immediately said, “One. Thank you, Mistress Ann.”

“Nice try,” Annabelle said with a laugh, “but it doesn’t count if I have to tell you to say it.”

This time the smack was on the right asscheek. It was harder than either of the first two. Nicole gasped loudly but then quickly said, “One. Thank you, Mistress Ann.”

Some of the smacks were very hard and echoed in the barn. Some were soft, almost love pats. None were above the top of Nicole’s ass, but several were slightly below the round of her rump. Those hurt the worst. It was a light, love pat that Nicole counted as twenty-four. Then Annabelle moved to squat once again in front of Nicole. And once again Nicole found that her gaze was drawn between Mistress Ann’s legs.

“Look up at my face,” Annabelle said firmly. “This last one is going to hurt a lot, but you don’t have to count it. I will reset your program before I leave. Your release mechanisms are almost melted. You should be able to free yourself soon.”

She reached under Nicole with one hand and gently massaged Nicole’s right breast. Then looking her directly in the eyes she said, “If you want more, come back here next Saturday night at nine.” She laughed and said, “You won’t have to bring your release mechanisms. I will take care of all that.” She smiled as she stood back up.

“Think about it,” she said as she brought the crop down in a wide swinging arc directly between Nicole’s upturned asscheeks. A lightning bolt of pain exploded in Nicole’s cunt and ass and she screamed and thrashed in her restraints.

When she stopped screaming, Annabelle was gone. And the vibrators... all of them... were at maximum. It was only a moment before Nicole was once again screaming, only this time it was not in pain. A massive orgasm was tearing through her body. If she was not held so securely in place she surely would have thrown herself to the ground.

That orgasm passed, but the vibrators continued to torture her helpless body. She was taken to the peak again... and again... and again. She didn’t think it was possible to have so many orgasms. She was even beginning to think that she wouldn’t survive another... or another... or another.

Then one of her arms was free. The ice had melted. She quickly freed her other hand and attempted to stand up. She almost made it, but another orgasm caused her to lie back over the saddle stand. When it passed, she stood and fumbled at the straps holding her boots to the floor. She had to endure one final orgasm as she stood in front of her computer trying to shut everything down.

When everything was quiet, she sank to the floor and sat there cross-legged for a long time. Then she stood and very carefully removed the dildo and ass plug. She would be very tender down there for hours, or even days. She reached back and rubbed her ass. She would be tender there also. It wasn’t until she started putting things back into the duffel bag that she realized that she had not removed the nipple clamps. She yelped loudly as she removed each clamp and circulation returned to her swollen nipples.

Climbing down the ladder from the loft was much harder than climbing up. There seemed to be no strength left in her legs... or in her entire body. Somehow she made her way to her car. The magnetic key box was where she had left it, but when she opened the trunk all of her clothing was gone. Her purse and wallet and keys were all there but the wallet was open to expose her driver’s license. Tucked under it was a sheet of paper with a note from Annabelle. It said, “Remember, next Saturday night, nine pm.” Under those words, written in red ink, it said, “Arrive NAKED!”

“Oh, well,” Nicole said to herself, “there’s a little grove of trees just up the road where I can strip off. I’ll leave my clothes there so I don’t have to drive all the way home naked next time.”

Then she drove off with an odd smile on her face as she thought about how she was going to sneak into her apartment building without anyone seeing her.


Down on the Farm 03

Nicole’s trial period with Annabelle on the farm begins with pleasure but Saturday morning puts Nicole on display in a field of corn watching some of the work on the field.

Nicole arrived exactly on time at eight on Friday night... and she was already naked. Because she didn’t want to risk being late, she had left early, pulled into the small glen near the farm to strip off, and waited there until just before eight. She felt very vulnerable sitting naked in her car, but at the same time, it excited her. She really wanted to pleasure herself, but she was afraid that she would get too distracted and not leave for the barn in time.

So Nicole sat, naked, horny, and alone as the clock moved slowly toward eight o’clock. At five minutes to eight, she started her car and drove the rest of the way to the farm. Annabelle was waiting for her wearing her standard denim skirt and white blouse as Nicole pulled into the barnyard.

“Park in your normal spot,” Annabelle said, “and bring me that red and white straw cowboy hat.

“Yes, Mistress Ann,” Nicole replied. After she parked the car behind the barn, she opened the trunk and ***********ed the straw Stetson with the mixed pattern of red and white. She took a deep breath and then, holding the hat in front of her, walked back to where Annabelle was waiting.

“We will start with some white hat for both of us,” Annabelle said as she took the hat and walked into the barn. The regular lights of the barn were not on and Nicole thought at first that the straw was burning. Then she realized that there were six LED Flamelights arranged around a large blanket that had been laid out over the straw.

“I thought our first time of actually making love should be in a romantic setting,” Annabelle said softly as she unwrapped her skirt and pulled her blouse over her head. “And there is nothing more romantic than a barn.”

She smiled brightly at Nicole and said, “Care for a roll in the hay?”

“Uhh... yes,” Nicole answered. “But I’ve never...” Nicole went silent and looked down at the ground.

“Never made love to another woman except when you were being beaten?” Annabelle asked.

“Something like that,” Nicole answered. “I don’t know what to do.”

Annabelle laughed. “Your body knows,” she said, still laughing. Then she slowly pulled Nicole down onto the blanket.

Once they were lying side by side with Nicole tucked into Annabelle’s arms, Annabelle said, “I’m a lot taller than you, so mutual cunnilingus would be a little difficult.”

“Mutual what?” Nicole sputtered.

Annabelle laughed and said, “That’s the official word for doing a 69.”

“Oh,” Nicole said.

“But we could still so some mutual titty sucking,” Annabelle said. “I think you’d like that.”

She moved sideways and pulled Nicole’s left nipple into her mouth while at the same time dangling her right breast over Nicole’s face. Nicole took the hint and reached up with her lips to begins suckling on Annabelle’s beautiful breast.

Annabelle switched positions several times over the next twenty minutes so that she was able to fully explore both of Nicole’s teats and Nicole was able to reciprocate the pleasure. Finally, when Nicole was undulating beneath her, Annabelle turned so that she was lying directly over Nicole.

She moved down so that she could kiss Nicole passionately and said, “Remember that first night when I asked what you wanted for a safeword?”

Nicole nodded.

“That isn’t just for pain or kink,” Annabelle said. “If anything starts going past where you want to be, you just say ‘cityslicker’ and it all stops.” She then reached down and began softly massaging Nicole’s slit.

Nicole groaned loudly and began pushing up against Annabelle’s hand.

Annabelle said, “That’s my little naked cowgirl,” and moved so her thigh was between Nicole’s legs. She began moving herself up and down so that her thigh was rubbing Nicole’s cunt. At the same time, she was pressing her own cunt against Nicole’s thigh.

“You don’t have to hold yourself back, little cowgirl,” she said softly as she began moving slightly faster and pressed herself more forcefully between Nicole’s legs. Nicole’s undulations became greater and she unconsciously raised her knees so that her own thigh was pressing even harder against Annabelle’s cunt.

Soon Nicole let out a long, deep groan and went over the top but Annabelle didn’t stop. She kept sliding up and down, up and down, up and down. Nicole soon reached a second orgasm Then, just as Nicole groaned and shook a third time, Annabelle, herself, groaned loudly and pressed herself hard into Nicole’s body. She held Nicole tightly as they both lay motionless.

After a long while, Nicole said softly, “That was nice.”

“Yes, it was, wasn’t it,” Annabelle replied. She then curled up around Nicole and held her close. They lay there talking for a couple hours until both drifted off to sleep.

*****

Sunlight streaming through the open barn door awakened Nicole. She sat up slowly on the blanket and looked around. Annabelle was standing in the doorway dressed in her denim skirt and white blouse. The red and white straw Stetson was tilted up on the back of her head.

“Good, you’re wake,” Annabelle said cheerily. “We can go up to the house and get some breakfast.” She paused and then asked, “Can you cook?”

“Yes,” Nicole answered, “I like to cook.”

“Excellent,” Annabelle replied as she walked out of the barn. “You can cook breakfast.”

Nicole stood just inside the barn door and said timidly, “But I’m naked.”

“And...” Annabelle responded.

“And it’s daylight,” Nicole answered. “People can see me.”

“We are way out in the country,” Annabelle said. “Nobody’s going to see you.” She smiled and said, “Besides, if you become my full-time slave... and lover, you will have to get used to people seeing you naked.”

“I don’t know if I could do that,” Nicole said as she glanced around and stepped cautiously out of the barn.

“Hmmm,” Annabelle replied. “Maybe we can help you with that. Or maybe you will have to safe out. We will see.”

“Yeah,” Nicole said flatly, “we will see.”

The refrigerator in the kitchen was well stocked. Nicole made scrambled eggs, ham, and toast. Afterwards, Annabelle helped her with the dishes.

They talked while they were working. When the dishes were almost all put away, Annabelle suddenly asked, “Do you know what’s unique about a boxelder bug?”

“No...” Nicole answered, looking very confused.

“You can’t kill them with insecticides,” Annabelle answered. “They have a special waxy coating on their bodies that protects them from contact poisons and keeps any liquid from getting in. You can spray a whole can of Raid on one of those little buggers and it will just swim away laughing at you.”

Nicole stared at her blankly.

“But do you know what will kill them?” Annabelle asked. She didn’t wait for Nicole to answer but continued, “... dish washing detergent. You just spray them with soapy dishwater and they drown.”

“I don’t understand,” Nicole said. “Why is that important?”

“Some of the boxelders in this area have developed a taste for corn,” Annabelle said. “Most of them have been wiped out, but the last of them are in my fields. And today you are going to watch as we spray down the fields.”

She took Nicole by the hand and started leading her out of the farmhouse.

“Normally,” Annabelle continued, “you really don’t want to be standing nearby when we spray the fields. But today it will just be detergent and water.” She laughed and added, “... lots and lots and lots of water.”

“I still don’t understand,” Nicole said.

“You will,” Annabelle replied with a smile. “You will. Let’s walk out into the cornfield.”

“But I’m still naked!” Nicole yelped.

“How far can you see into a field of corn?” Annabelle replied as she picked up a large cloth shopping bag. “No one will see you... yet.”

“OK,” Nicole said as they walked out into the field next to the house.

When they got to the far edge of the field, Annabelle pointed to two large posts that looked like they had once held some sort of billboard sign. Now there were just two posts with two stout cross pieces going between them.

“That’s where you’re going to stand to watch everything,” Annabelle said, pointing up at the cross pieces that once held the sign.

“But I’ll be visible from up there,” Nicole whined.

“But nobody will notice you,” Annabelle said as she held up something from the bag. “Nobody notices a scarecrow in a field of corn.” She held up a Halloween scarecrow costume and said, “Shirt, jeans, and a burlap sack to cover your head.” She laughed and said, “Plus gloves, boots, and a couple surprises that aren’t part of the costume.”

“OK,” Nicole said, “what do I have to do?”

“Well,” Annabelle said slowly, “first you pick out a really good ear of corn and a really puny one.”

Nicole looked confused but she quickly searched around her and found what Annabelle had requested.

When she came back, Annabelle said, “This would be a lot easier up on the ledge, but if you cooperate fully, we can do it down here.”

“O... K...” Nicole replied as she looked around. Annabelle had gotten a step ladder from somewhere and there was now a large metal box sitting on the ground just below the sign posts.

“First we wire you up,” Annabelle said cheerfully and pulled a bundle of wires out of the bag. Each of the wires had a square electrode pad on the end of it. Annabelle had Nicole stand with her arms out straight and her feet widely spread and began attaching the pads all over Nicole’s body.

After working for several minutes, Annabelle patted Nicole on the ass and said, “Now you’re all wired up... almost.”

She stood in front of Nicole and held up two circular metal disks about two inches in diameter with wires dangling from them. They were shaped more or less like a section of a ball except they had a large bump in the middle.

“Care to guess where these go?” Annabelle said with a smile.

Nicole just shook her head.

Annabelle peeled something from the inside of the disk and carefully fitted it over Nicole’s left breast.

“You could almost think of this as a metal pasty,” Annabelle said cheerfully.

Soon Nicole’s right breast was also covered.

“Almost there,” Annabelle said as she stood in front of Nicole and began shucking the small ear of corn.

When all the kernels were exposed, Annabelle broke the ear free from the husk and held it up for Nicole to see.

“Perfect size,” she said as she stepped behind Nicole. “All it needs now is a little bit of lube.”

Nicole looked very confused, but then gasped loudly as something small with a rough knobbly surface was pushed into her ass. Her eyes were very wide as Annabelle stepped back in front of her and began shucking the large ear of corn.

Once the large ear was ready, Annabelle again stepped behind Nicole. This time she reached her arms around Nicole’s body and began massaging Nicole’s tummy and the front of her slit.

“I think you can provide the lube for this,” she said. Nicole just moaned softly in response.

After a few minutes, Nicole moaned even louder as a large knobbly object was slowly inserted in her cunt. She was too distracted to notice that Annabelle had dropped the ear of corn on the ground and was instead inserting a plastic corn-shaped dildo. She also hadn’t noticed that the small ear of corn in her ass had somehow grown a perfect T-shaped safety handle before it was inserted.

“Now something to keep those in plaice,” Annabelle said as she quickly wrapped a thin belt around Nicole’s waist and pulled a crotch strap tight between her legs.

Annabelle then held up the shirt to the scarecrow costume. It looked thin and paper-like and was slit open in the back like a hospital gown.

“Don’t worry,” Annabelle said in response to Nicole’s scared look. “There are five ties in the back to hold it completely closed.”

Nicole didn’t look too reassured and was even less so when Annabelle held up the pants. They, too, were paper thin and they, too, were open all the way down the legs with a series of ties in the back. The boots– not part of the scarecrow costume– were ordinary leather work boots. The leather gloves– also not part of the costume– were standard work gloves with an extended gauntlet to protect the wrist and forearm.

Once those were in place, Annabelle said firmly, “I think you’d better climb up on the ledge before we put the head cover on.”

She helped Nicole up the step ladder and made sure she was standing securely on the ledge with her arms gripping the upper crosspiece. Then she moved the stepladder and climbed up behind Nicole.

“Don’t want you to get any soap in your eyes,” Nicole said as she fitted a pair of bubble style safety goggles over Nicole’s eyes.

She inserted bluetooth earbuds in Nicole’s ears and said, “You will be able to hear me and I will be able to hear you... just in case you need to scream your safeword.”

That didn’t reassure Nicole at all. She kept looking around with fearful eyes as Annabelle began putting the headpiece in place.

The headpiece was made to look like a burlap sack. It even had something that looked like a straw hat on the top of it. Annabelle tied it behind Nicole’s head and then made sure that the eye holes lined up with Nicole’s eyes.

“Let’s make sure you can’t fall off of here,” Annabelle said as she used some rough rope to tie Nicole’s gloved wrists to the upper crosspiece of the sign. Then she stepped back to the ground and tied Nicole’s booted ankles to the lower crosspiece.

Nicole looked around nervously as Annabelle stood beneath her connecting all of the wires to something inside a protected metal box. Once everything was in place, Annabelle closed the box and made sure that the antenna on the top of the box was pointing straight up.

Annabelle stood in front of Nicole and said, “A lot of time on the farm is spent just waiting, so that is what you are going to do for a while. But to keep you occupied, your box buddy will be playing with you a little.” She smiled and touched the red and white straw hat. “Some if it will be pleasure... and some of it will be pain... which, I think, for you, is often the same thing.”

With that, Annabelle walked back toward the farmhouse leaving Nicole standing above the field of corn.

******

The tingling started even before Annabelle was out of sight. At first it was almost not noticeable to Nicole, but soon it felt like she was receiving and all over body massage. When the ear of corn in her cunt began vibrating her eyes flew wide open and she gasped.

“How is that possible?” she said as the vibrations increased. When the small ear of corn in her ass joined in the vibrations she began calling out, “Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God.” And when the silver cups on her breasts began stimulating her nipples she tilted back her head and screamed out in orgasm.

People in a passing car turned to look at the field but saw nothing unusual. The husband remarked to the wife, “Cows makes some really weird noises, don’t they?”

Nicole slowly regained control of herself. Then the electrical signals became sharp and strong. It almost felt like she was being poked with a sharp object every time one pulsed. Soon she was being poked all over her body.

Her eyes went wide and she began thrashing in her bonds as she realized where the pulses would hit next. “No... No!.. NO!” she screamed as the first pulses pierced her cunt. Her scream was even louder when the pulses struck in her ass.

She decided that there was nothing she could do about the poking pulses and tried to relax and accept them– or at least, endure them. When she did, something changed. They didn’t exactly become pleasurable, but they were no longer pain. They were just... very intense.

She didn’t know how long the pokey pulses lasted, but almost as soon as it switched back over to the gentle pulses she experienced a very powerful orgasm. As she was breathing heavily and enjoying the pleasant sensations of the soft signals, Annabelle’s voice spoke softly in her ears.

With the voice coming from both earbuds, it was almost as if Annabelle was speaking from inside Nicole’s head. “Having fun are we?” Annabelle asked.

Nicole just answered with a soft moan.

“I really do expect an answer to my question, my not-quite-naked little cowgirl,” Annabelle said firmly. “Are you having fun?”

“I’m not sure,” Nicole said and then moaned as the pleasure cycle took her closer to the edge.

“We can talk about it later,” Annabelle replied, “after you’ve had your shower.”

Nicole didn’t answer. She couldn’t because she was once again in the throes of an orgasm. It wasn’t an extremely powerful orgasm, but it was very enjoyable.

Nicole lost all track of time as the electrical device continued to cycle between pleasure and pain. Sometimes it would repeat the pleasure cycle, sometimes it would repeat the pain cycle. Once it repeated the pain cycle three times and near the end of the third cycle Nicole found herself orgasming from just the intense sensations that most people would have called pain.

Then Nicole heard the roar of an airplane flying low... very low. A small yellow airplane with stubby wings was flying directly over the edges of the field. Suddenly it turned on a row of sprayers located under its wings. Nicole gasped as the liquid drenched her and the smell of detergent filled the air.

The little yellow plane spiraled back up into the air and returned to again spray the edges of the field. He seemed to be concentrating on the fence rows and gullies where there was no crop planted. After several more low passes, he flew away.

Nicole groaned out a loud “Eeeww” as the detergent began to soak through the thin costume. Then she heard what sounded like a tractor and saw what looked almost like another airplane moving slowing over the field just above the tops of the corn. As it drew closer, Nicole could see that it was actually a strangely-shaped tractor with wheels that held it above the crop. It was also spraying something that smelled heavily of detergent.

As the sprayer approached, Annabelle’s voice suddenly spoke again in Nicole’s head. “Are we having fun yet?” she asked in a cheery voice. Anything that Nicole might have responded was literally drowned out by the spray as the machine passed the scarecrow at the edge of the field.

Nicole sputtered as the liquid seeped inside the paper head covering. She shook her head to clear her vision just in time to see Annabelle waving to her from the cab of the sprayer. “This is Frank,” Annabelle said, pointing to the driver. “He’s my farm manager... among other things.”

“Great,” Nicole intended to say under her breath, but she forgot about the earbud communicators.

“Yes, it is great, isn’t it?” Annabelle replied. Then she said, “But it looks like your costume isn’t doing great. In fact, it appears to be dissolving.”

“What?!” Nicole almost screamed as she tried desperately to look down at her disintegrating clothing.

“This is mainly the detergent,” Annabelle explained as the sprayer began a new area of the field. “The walking wheel will provide the water to drown out these pests.”

“What’s a walking wheel?” Nicole asked nervously and Annabelle quickly replied, “Oh, you will find out. You will definitely find out.”

It took the sprayer five more times up and down the field to thoroughly wet the corn with the detergent. Shortly after it left the field, Nicole heard a big motor start up somewhere nearby. Then she heard the sound of heavy rain... but it wasn’t raining.

Instead, a large sprinkler system was starting to move around the field in a large circle. There were huge pipes held up by strange-looking metal wheels that moved very slowly. The artificial rain approached and soon Nicole was totally drenched– and totally naked. Her costume had completely dissolved and slid from her soapy body.

“Annabelle!” she screamed. “I’m naked.”

“Maybe this will help you forget that,” Annabelle said quietly as the vibrators and TENS system began a pleasure cycle.

“Just think of your nakedness as one more sensation,” Annabelle said softly. “Let the sensation of being naked in public add to everything else you are feeling.”

“I’m naked,” Nicole whined.

“You are my beautiful little naked cowgirl, Nicole,” Annabelle said sweetly. “Just enjoy your own naked beauty.”

Nicole didn’t answer. She wasn’t able to because she was once more groaning in orgasm. The pleasure cycle repeated and Nicole orgasmed again... and again... and again. Soon it didn’t matter to Nicole that she was a naked scarecrow at the back of Annabelle’s cornfield. All that mattered was that she was receiving as many orgasms as she could possibly desire.

Nicole was only vaguely aware of Annabelle untying her and helping her down the ladder. “Let’s get you back to the house,” Annabelle said softly. “You can soak in the tub while I grill us some steaks for supper. Then after supper we can cuddle on the couch, watch sappy movies, and drink margaritas.”

“Sounds good to me,” Nicole mumbled as Annabelle led her back to the farmhouse.


