Tricking Trixie
by TiasDreams

Tricking Trixie: Chapter 1

The school day was over and Trixie Daniels was free. School during normal times was boring, but school during the pandemic was a different type of Hell. In school, if Trixie was feeling distracted, she was trapped without much temptation. Here she was surrounded by toys, snacks and her bed, three things she craved.

Trixie wasn't well off. While her parents tried their best to look after her, any clothes, toys or jewellery she owned were hand-me-downs or thrifts. She didn't even own her own laptop.

Thankfully, to keep lower income students educated, her school provided a computer for her to use. For Trixie, this was a dream come true. She could watch YouTube, talk to her friends, oh, and do school as well.

But Trixie didn't just use the laptop for wholesome extracurriculars. She was at that age where she was exploring herself. She sexted with older men, showed her body online, watched endless hours of pornography. She was becoming a woman.

What Trixie didn't know what that everything she did was being watched. Her laptop had a program installed — Gaggle — that let her teacher, Mr Wright, watch everything she did.

At first he would read her messages, her dirty, poor-grammar sexts to her classmates. But as Trixie started to explore, Mr Wright started to get more and more involved.

While she was watching porn, he would look through her webcam and record her. She would always start off by checking her surroundings, biting her tongue, plugging in headphones, moving to the corner of her bed and searching for videos. It was so cute.

Trixie's videos turned swiftly from amiable videos of sensual lovers to rough BDSM to extreme fetishes. Everything from piss to sex with dogs turned the schoolgirl on and watching her cum harder as the videos got more intense made her teacher even more desperate to watch her.

One day, as Trixie was planning to show herself on Omegle to old men, Mr Wright had an idea. When she wasn't looking, he would take control of her laptop from afar and make it so that they would bump into each other. He set up his laptop to look firmly at his body, waited until his student was ready and expertly swapped out her tags to make sure they would meet. As she pressed the button, there he was.

Trixie was young and naive, her entire body and face in the frame of her webcam. On the other hand, her teacher was only showing himself from the neck down. He was already naked, she was in a short blue sundress without any panties underneath.

"Hello" her teacher said.

"Hello, sir!" Trixie waved her hands and whispered back.

"You're so pretty. Would you care to show me what's under that dress?"

She nodded shyly and lifted up her dress, showing her hairless, wet pussy. It was already glistening with her oozing goo. After weeks of exposing herself to strange adults online, just the act of booting up the website got her riled up.

"You're so wet... What a cute slut!"

"Thank you, daddy. Would you like to see me fuck myself?"

Mr Wright's cock twitched at the proposal. He gripped it firmly and started to stroke.

"Yes, baby. Please fuck that little pussy hard for daddy."

Trixie grabbed a nearby hairbrush and started to rub the handle against her entrance. Mr Wright had seen her do this before, but he was always detached. Now she was doing it for him, she wanted to please him.

The brush entered her, and the schoolgirl moaned loudly as it pushed her insides apart and slid in. She pulled the straps of her dress to display her budding, small boobs and started to ride the brush.

Mr Wright could barely hold himself together. He was stroking and moaning, the feeling of cum rising in the bottom of his shaft. He couldn't hold on much longer. As his student pushed the entirety of her brush inside her self, her eyes rolled back and her tongue stuck out.

At the sight of his young student's ahegao, Mr Wright couldn't hold it any longer. He leaned back and stroked as fast as he could and burst his load all over his screen, covering the face of his favourite student.

"Oh, Trixie, you bad girl..." He exasperated.

On the other side of the screen, Trixie snapped to reality. What? He knows my name? Chills ran down her spine, goosebumps pricked her skin.

"Who are you? How do you know my name?!" She screamed.

Her teacher showed himself, hoping to calm the situation.

"It's okay, Trixie." He said. "It's just me."

"What the hell?! Mr Wright??"

"Yes, Trixie. It's me. I've been watching you for a while and I know all of your dirty secrets. I've ever got them all recorded. Every second of you exploring yourself. I know everything you like: pee, BDSM... Even dog sex."

Tears started to swell in the little girl's eyes. She was a freak and get middle aged, slightly overweight teacher knew it. Despite this, she was getting excited. Every second of every day she was being watched. He saw her touch herself for the first time. He saw her put fingers in her ass, taste her own cum. He saw her slap her pussy for a really old man online.

"What do you want, sir?"

"Well, my sweet Trixie, I want to make all your dreams come true. How about we meet up?"


