Alice's field trip exhibition
by Quackman

Chapter 1: The field trip

As tradition had it, soon after school started every fall, the senior class of River side valley High school was going on a field trip to the city. The venue differed from year to year, and this time they were going to the Convention Centre for Technology, Science and Artificial Intelligence - CCTSA. Mr. Johnson, the science teacher, told the class that while it was not a great acronym, it was truly a great centre. The very best and newest of technological innovations was on display, and the centre even had its own VIP section for private, and sometimes secretive demonstrations.
Alice, while not a science geek per se, was a good and attentive student, and looked forward to the trip. She was 17 years old, going on 18 in November, and was growing into a beautiful bright young woman. She was about 5ft 5', had golden blonde hair, blue eyes, and a slender build. Her best friend, Maria, was a fiery Latina with almond eyes and dark brown hair. She was a little shorter and had bigger breasts which she tended to showcase with a low neckline on most of her tops.

They had been friends since sophomore year, and while Alice was the better student, Maria tended to be in charge. While Alice wasn’t directly timid or anything, Maria had an insistence about her that typically made her get her way. In the same way Maria would often attempt, and usually succeed in embarrassing Alice. The same character traits also led to Maria often having many boyfriends, sometimes at the same time, while Alice being more careful and shyer.


In the morning at the day of the trip, a Friday, the students gathered by the buss-stop in front of River Side Valley High. It was still warm, early September, and the sun was shining. Alice, being a little late this morning, walked towards the buss-stop where she saw Maria standing with some of their other classmates. Alice was wearing a white tank top, a light blue skirt reaching just above her knees, and sandals.

“Hi guys” Alice said with a grin as she approached the group
“Morning” Maria said giggling
“What’s funny?” asked Alice, as she saw one of the boys, Tom, snickering for himself.
“Oh, I was just telling them about this summer, when we were up by the lake and…”
“What! You told them that?!” Alice exclaimed
“I was just getting to the good part” Maria continued. “You see, as I was untying her bikini string…”
“No wait, they don’t need to hear that story” Alice interjected.
“C’mon” another boy, Mark, commented. “We really gotta hear this”
“As I was saying,” Maria continued “I had just…”
“If you tell them I will…” Alice stopped herself. She didn’t know what she would do.
“You’ll do what?” Maria asked inquisitively, raising an eyebrow.

Alice had no idea “Ehrmm...” she uttered. She really didn’t want Maria to tell them about how she had undone her bikini just as she was about to jump from a rock into the lake, making her bikini float away as she had hit the water. As she was frantically looking for the lost fabric, Maria had snapped photos of her with her phone. From the vantage point up on the rock, and due to the clear water, the photos revealed her naked form quite visible. And all the pleading and begging she had done after had yet to be successful in convincing Maria to delete the images from her gallery. Then, just as now, Maria had the upper hand.

“Guys, you know what, why tell when you can show!” Maria said as she produced her phone from her pocket.
“Maria, please don’t!” Alice said insistently as the group gathered around to see whatever Maria wished to show them.
Maria looked Alice in the eyes and saw her opportunity:
“Fine, but you owe me. Deal?”
“Deal, just… don’t show them”. Alice agreed.

Disgruntled moans rose from the group, Mark and Tom in particular, but Maria dismissed them, and as the buss arrived they went on it and found their seats. As the buss began the 1-hour drive to the city, Alice asked Maria:
“Why were you telling them about that? It’s private!”
“Relax, it’s just all fun. You need to learn to be more chill about stuff like this. You are going to laugh at this later, I promise”.

As the drive continued, the episode at the buss-stop was soon forgotten and Alices mood improved. They were talking, laughing, and joking around, as a class on field trip usually does. The time went by fast, and soon they were at their destination.

They arrived in the parking lot in front of a huge building. Just as they were to go off the bus, Mr. Brown stood up in the centre aisle and addressed them:
“Ok class, we’re here. Before we head in, I want to remind you that you are in a place with expensive and delicate equipment, so behave accordingly. It’s now 10 o’clock, the bus home leaves at 4. I will not be joining you as I have business in the city, but I trust that you will manage a bus trip on your own. Your assignment is due on Monday – I want an essay on the uses and applications of one of the devices you’ll be exploring today. Good luck”.

Alice and the rest of her class went off the buss and towards the entrance to the convention centre. They went through the automated sliding glass doors and poured into a nice-looking lobby where a woman in her 20s awaited them.
“Welcome to CCTSA. My name is Hailey, and I’m your guide for the day. Guide that is, as to where things are. You may roam freely and explore for yourself.”
“Through that way is the A.I. Room” she addressed the class as she pointed to her left
“And behind that door” she said as she pointed to her right “is the technological applications section. If you follow through that, you will reach the experimental devices section, which leads to the computing and electronics department. That again leads to the A.I. room, so its just a big circle really”, she continued with a giggle. “It’s quiet here now, but later we will have a VIP exhibit in the VIP area next to the experimental devices. That area is strictly off limits by the way, but there’s a separate entrance for that so it should not be noticeable for you anyway. I will be here if you need anything – you may now go and explore the wonders of technology!” she finished, seemingly half-expecting an applause she never received.

As the class split up and started wandering towards the entrance to the left and to the right, Alice and Maria went through the door to the technological applications room. It was big, and the roof stretched high above them. Spread around the room different stands with signs explaining what each program did in detail, with a screen or computer showing it off. There were people, assumingly employees, next to some of them, but most were empty. Maria, experiencing this to be an exceptionally boring place, took Alice by the hand and led her through the room, entering the experimental devices section. Much like in a museum various devices were displayed in glass exhibit stands, with some being accessible to touch and try out. There were high-tech looking vacuum cleaners with lasers, “virtual” tennis with hologram tennis balls that reacted to the swing of a funny-looking tennis racket, and robots of different varieties doing mundane tasks like polishing silver or paining a fence.
“This is better” Maria exclaimed. “But I’m still bored. What the hell should I write an essay about?”
“What’s to be bored about?” Alice asked. “Look around, isn’t all this incredible?”

“We found something even better” Toms voice came from behind them.
“Yeah, we found some serious spaceship shit” Mark continued, snickering.
“What?” Maria asked annoyed
“Follow us” Mark said.

The girls followed the boys across the room, to a short wall that went around a portion of the room. They rounded the corner on the far side, and entered through an opening between the main wall of the building and the short wall. It was a medium sized room with tables filled with different devices, some standing in a socket and some just laying there. Along the walls there were something that kind of looked like arcade machines of different heights.

Alice went up to the table, not quite sure what she was looking at.
“The Nymphorator” she muttered to herself as she read the tag next to a pink device with a thick shaft and a thin “ear” above it. “Is this…?”
“It’s a dildo room!” Tom exclaimed loudly, as Alice shook back.
“And vibrators, Tom” Maria corrected while studying a series of vibrating balls on a string.
“Why on earth is there an entire room full of.. sex toys?” Alice asked, still shocked.
“What? This is high-tech stuff also” Mark corrected.
“Hey Alice, I found something for you” Tom said mockingly. He held up a large pink and purple device. It had a shaft, or handle, with several buttons on it. On the tip there was a bush of tentacles of different sizes, hanging down towards his hand. As he pressed one of the buttons, the tentacles rose and started wiggling suggestively, with one particularly large one in the middle pulsing up and down. “They call this one ‘the UFO prober’, hah, that’s funny!” he continued, walking towards Alice waving the tentacle monster in her direction.
“Stop it, get that thing away from me” Alice exclaimed, running to the other side of the table.
“You’re being childish and gross!”

Maria and Mark were laughing at the scene of Tom chasing Alice with the tentacled dildo. He followed her, grinning, as Alice rounded the table again and found her way blocked by Maria, who found great pleasure in seeing her friend embarrassed by the sex toys. Alice pulled away from Maria and found herself trapped with Tom and the dildo on one side and Maria and Mark on the other, with the wall of the convention centre behind her. As she took a step back, her back hit the wall, which suddenly opened and made Alice fall flat on her back.
What she thought had been a wall turned out to be a hidden door with no handle. She was laying halfway in a dark hallway, with dim lights along the low ceiling. The surprise of the sudden passageway stunned all four teenagers for a second, until Tom looked down at Alice and noticed that her light blue skirt had slid up as she fell. As she laid there confounded her legs were spread slightly, giving Tom a perfect view of her pink cotton g-string panties. They were a lot smaller than he would have expected of a girl like Alice. The pink fabric just covered her private parts, and sat tightly against her skin, revealing the outline of her lips. As Alice came to it, she noticed Tom starring at her groin, followed by Mark, and then Maria, who gasped and let out a short laugh. Quickly she rearranged her skirt, sat up, and in an attempt to move her friends focus to something else, asked: “What is this?”

“Looks like we found a hidden room” Maria answered. “I wonder where it leads?”
“Shall we take a look?” Tom said, taking a step toward where Alice was getting up
“It’s probably not allowed” Alice said quietly. “Maybe we should…”
“Oh, don’t be such a pussycat!” Maria answered. “If it wasn’t allowed, they would have locked the door! Maybe there’s a secret surprise or something, let’s find out!” Ignoring Alice’s hesitance, Mark, followed by Maria and Tom, still holding the tentacle dildo, entered the hallway. Alice hesitated for a moment, but to the comment from Maria: “You’re not scared, are you?” she followed them. Fearing that an employee would discover them, she pushed the door back in place, leaving just a gap. She noticed that the door had a latch on the inside that could be locked to the wall. Maybe it was supposed to be open, or maybe someone forgot to lock it. Whatever the case was, Alice was not going to be mocked by Maria for being too scared to follow.

As she followed the others along the hallway, she noticed that there were doors along the path. Mark tried to open one, Tom another, but they were locked. They continued deeper into the building. As Maria rounded a corner, she saw a door that was open by a small crack. She called out to the others in a short of whispering call that they should come over to her. As the four teenagers stood in front of the door, Maria put her hand on it and pushed it open. What they saw on the other side was like from another world.

