Four days pass before Jared is allowed to see Jensen again. He talks to Chris daily even though Chris isn't allowed to see Jensen either and gets most of his information secondhand from Jensen's parents, who flew up from Texas. On the fourth day, Chris informs him that Jensen has been moved out of the ICU to a regular room, so Jared can visit him pretty much anytime during daylight hours.

"Before you come, there's something you should know."

Jared frowns. Chris sounds awfully grave. "What?"

"Jensen doesn't remember the accident or most of the week before it," Chris answers. "So if you guys buried the hatchet, he's not aware of it."

Jared sighs. "Okay. I'll deal."

"I told him you might stop by. He wasn't real happy about it."

"Maybe I shouldn't come, then," Jared says softly.

"Like I told you before, he's miserable without you," replies Chris. "He needs you, and I think you need him. You just gotta make him see that."

"That's not gonna be easy."

"Relationships rarely are," Chris says sagely.

Twenty minutes later, Jared finds himself outside the door of room 1134 with shaking hands and a dry mouth. He doesn't want to fuck this up. Summer is rapidly coming to an end and he can't stand the thought of Jensen just walking out of his life and never coming back. That's what spurs him to walk through the open door.

"Hey," says Jensen without meeting Jared's eyes.

"Hey yourself." Jared smiles softly. "How are you feeling?"

Jensen shrugs. "I'm all right. Ready to get out of here."

"I bet." Jared moves closer to the bed, gestures at the uncomfortable-looking plastic chair beside it. "Mind if I sit?"

"Knock yourself out." Jensen's staring down at his sheets, picking at one with the hand not bearing an IV. His head is shaved from just above his temple halfway to his ear, and there's a clean gauze pad taped over the surgical site.

"What did Chris tell you about the accident?"

"Not much." Jensen shrugs again. "He didn't see it, and I haven't talked to anyone who did."

"None of the keepers have been by?"

"I just got out of ICU this morning," Jensen answers. "You're my first non-family visitor, other than Chris."

Jared scoots the chair closer. "Jensen, look at me." Jensen flicks his eyes up to Jared's for only a second. "I mean, really look at me." Jensen sighs but does as Jared asks. "I was a complete asshole and I know it. I never should have said what I said at the fireworks. And now... hell, I'm starting to think I should have let Chris kill me."

The corner of Jensen's mouth twitches. "He's a little... protective sometimes."

"He's got good reason to be. You're a pretty special guy, Jensen." Jensen blushes slightly and drops his gaze back down to the sheets. "You have no idea how worried I was when you were missing. And then, when Samantha told me you were asking for me..." Now it's Jared's turn to look down at his hands. "I should have known it was just the head injury talking."

There's a minute of silence before Jensen speaks up. "I missed you."

"You said that before, too," Jared replies. "And then you passed out, so I wasn't sure if I should believe you."

Jensen grins slightly. "I may have--encouraged--Chris to threaten you... just a little." He looks up at Jared finally with a hint of hope in his eyes. "I thought it might make you come around."

"You could have just talked to me."

"I wanted to." Jensen picks at the sheet again. "But I kept hearing your words in my head and then I couldn't do it."

"About that," says Jared, moving the chair closer and laying his hand on top of Jensen's. "I'm really, really sorry. I never meant to hurt you like that. I should have given you a chance to explain. I'm a jerk, and I'm sorry. Can you forgive me?"

Jensen grins, this time with more of his usual fire. "That depends. Are you willing to make it up to me?"

"Oh, I'll make it up to you," replies Jared with a wicked smirk. "I'll make it up to you so well you won't be able to sit down for a week."

"Is that a threat or a promise?"

Jared grins. "You tell me."
Epilogue 

Jared hands his uniform to the short blonde behind the counter. She smiles at him. "Going back to school?"

"Yeah." He watches her refold the windbreaker into its own front pocket. He never got the hang of that trick. "See you next year."

"Likewise." She grins and turns to hang his shirts on the conveyor belt.

Jared walks out into the fading late-August sunlight. "I can't believe this is our last night together."

Jensen sighs. "I know. It's going to be a long six weeks until fall break." He entwines his fingers with Jared's. "Come on, emo boy, you promised me ice cream."

"And sex," Jared points out. "How are you more excited about ice cream than sex?"

"I'm not." Jensen tugs on Jared's hand. "I'm just starving. Stupid reptile show--I didn't get dinner."

"Aww, poor baby," teases Jared, kissing him lightly on the cheek. "Come on then."

Jensen stops and presses his lips to Jared's for a proper kiss. "I'm really gonna miss you."

"Me too." Jared wraps an arm around Jensen's shoulders. "Meeting you was the best thing that ever happened to me."

"You are such a sap," replies Jensen, but he's smiling.

"Oh, did I tell you? I picked a major," says Jared.

"No, what is it?"

"Hotel, Restaurant, and Industrial Management," Jared answers. "Maybe I'll run this place someday."

"You'd be great at it," says Jensen. "You love this place. It's in your blood."

"Of course, you'll be running the zoo for me."

"Of course." Jensen grins and stops to let Jared open the truck door for him.

"You're totally my bitch," says Jared. "It's adorable."

"Less talking, more driving," Jensen replies, but he pulls Jared in for a kiss before he lets him close the door.