Entry tags: 

bdsm, ja/jdm, my fic, rps, sex corps, slash, supernatural

Fic: Seven Days to the Wolves (JA/JDM) Sex Corps (4/4) 

Part 1 - Part 2 - Part 3 - Part 4

Jensen pulled at the collar of his jumpsuit, surprised at how quickly he had gotten used to being naked at Jeff's side. Though that was probably for the best, considering they'd be leaving for 328 first thing tomorrow morning, it disquieted him. He leaned forward in the guise of adding something to his notes, but really to take a look at Jeff, who sat next to him in the conference room for this meeting.

After taking off the collar this morning, ending their practice session a good eight hours early, Jensen had expected things to get awkward. There he had knelt, naked on Jeff's bed, but no longer bound to obey everything the man ordered. Surely there would be some difficulty in relating to each other after all that. When Jeff had merely nodded and agreed with him, Jensen had let out a deep breath, relieved he hadn't misread the situation. He had moved to climb out the bed, wincing at the pain in his sore ass.

"Easy," Jeff had caught his arm. "Is there anything I can do?" His brow furrowed.

Jensen had wondered if Jeff realized how expressive his eyes were, how Jensen could read the concern in that dark gaze. "I have a cream that numbs and heals."

"Let's get it on you then."

Stunned, Jensen had let Jeff grab the tube and lay face down on the bed while Jeff removed the plug and smoothed the white gel on abused skin. Jeff had surprised him, obviously he'd taken Jensen's previous lessons about mastery to heart and had found something inside himself that responded to the situation, to Jensen's submissiveness. If he could maintain that on 328, Jensen knew they'd succeed in fooling the people on the planet that they were an actual couple.

Here in the conference room, as he stared at Jeff out of the corner of his eye, Jensen knew it wouldn't necessarily be a lie; they'd shared too much intimacy over too short a time to be unaffected. He sat back, letting his stylus drop to the table. Jensen respected Morgan, hell, he actually liked the man, and he was no slouch in the bedroom either. It wouldn't be hard to pretend he felt more - that was his specialty after all.

"Have you selected the members of this mission, Commander?" Dr. Cohan asked, tapping her stylus against the table. Jensen had met her only briefly, in that conference room full of people involved with the first mission, and had barely spared her a glance then, she seemed too contained, too controlled. She was in charge of the civilian members of the project, a combination of scientists, anthropologists and linguists necessary outside of members of the military.

"Not yet," Jeff answered. "I've been a bit busy attempting to get this aspect of it down."

"With all due respect," Cohan said, with just a purse to her lips that told Jensen she didn't mean that phrase at all, "Do you honestly think pretending to capitulate to their demands will actually help at all?"

"If not, then what exactly do you suggest, doctor?" Jeff asked, and by now Jensen could tell when he was keeping a tight rein on his temper.

"My recommendations were for a strictly diplomatic team with expertise in psychology…"

"So you think they're something wrong with them?" Jensen blurted. "That they're sick in some way for setting up their society like this?"

She clicked her jaw shut, all but glaring at him from across the room. "Psychology isn't necessarily about curing the ill, but understanding how others think. We can debate the merits of the lifestyle at another time. What I'm concerned about is retrieving our people. One of whom, if you don't know, is one of mine."

"From my review of the reports," Jensen said. "They insisted on Commander Morgan specifically proving himself before any further communication. I don't see how a diplomatic team would make any difference if they didn't meet that request."

Before Cohan could respond, the Captain held up one hand. "Enough arguing, Doctor. I purposely requested Lt. Ackles' expertise. We can be sure to provide plenty of diplomatic experts in Morgan's selected team as well."

"Well if you insist on continuing with this course of action," Cohan began, picking up her tablet and clicking a few buttons, "I have several of my personnel I strongly recommend you take with you on the return mission."

Jensen picked up his tablet to pick up the files she sent, the images of each individual flashing on screen along with Cohan's notes about their specific area. He didn't know any of them, but looking at the picture of a smiling Dr. Moranski got him thinking. "Dr. Cohan, you weren't part of the team that went to 328, correct?"

She made a frustrated snort at him. "No. If you mean to imply…"

"I'm not implying anything," Jensen interrupted, absently. He opened up the file for the original mission roster on his tablet, this time enabling it to show the images of each person as he paged through the files. "What set apart Johnson and Tappen from the rest of the group inside the city? One was a soldier, the other a civilian. One had blond hair, the other dark. Johnson's a good ten years older than Tappen. Why did they expect Commander Morgan to be master to them both?"

Jeff cleared his throat. "That's a good question, Lt, and there are several psychologists and anthropologists working on it…"

"I think the more important question is, why wasn't anyone else taken? Why were the rest of your crew not seen as potential submissives?"

"I take if you have an idea?" The captain said dryly.

Jensen looked up from his tablet. "Maybe. It occurred to me when Dr. Cohan sent the pictures of her personnel. Clearly physical appearance is important in this culture, based on the very least on the report Dr. Shanks gave." He tapped the screen. "I'm trained to notice and observe things like that. Didn't anyone notice that only Tappen and Johnson had blue eyes?"

"Well, fuck me," Jeff murmured under his breath and Jensen bit his lip to keep from erupting into a grin.

"You don't honestly believe it's that simple?" Cohan asked, staring at the images projected on her tablet.

"That's why I asked if you were on planet. Your eyes are blue," Jensen added.

"Your eyes aren't," Jeff suddenly snapped, sitting upright in his chair.

Jensen frowned. "They're close enough, I think. No one else on your mission had green eyes, so we can't be sure."

"Ackles, don't even tell me we have something else to worry about!" Devine snapped.

"I just think it's prudent to make sure no one else on the return mission has blue eyes. Just in case I'm right," Jensen insisted.

Cohan heaved an exaggerated sigh. "I'll need to reevaluate my choices then."

"Give me five of your people," Morgan said. "Tell them to come to the mission briefing at 1400. I will select the other fifteen myself."

Cohan looked over at the captain for confirmation. When Devine merely nodded, Cohan stood pushing her chair back. "If this isn't a complete disaster it'll be a miracle."

"Thank you for your faith in me, Doctor," Jeff replied. He didn't look up as she stormed out of the room.

"It's a damn good thing she isn't going on the planet with you," Devine said, pushing back to stand herself. "Although an evil part of me would love to see what she'd do if the natives pegged her for a Sub."

Jensen had a quick mental image of Cohan on her knees, collared and in a tight leather harness, a leash leading from the front. She'd make a pretty picture and a good Dom might pull some nice responses out of her, especially with that mouth. He came back to attention when Jeff cleared his throat. Hmm, Jensen wondered what mental image appeared for Morgan?

"We'll pick the remaining fifteen and I'll message them all to be here at 1400," Morgan told Devine.

"Pick wisely, Commander."

"Yes, sir."

She nodded at Jensen on her way out. He stood and paced the conference room, thinking about the possibilities. If eye-color was how the people on 328 signified dominance, then what would his own green eyes denote? Should he have them altered before the mission? Would green-eyes be considered switches?

Jeff plugged away at his tablet, and then asked absently, "Do you have any preferences?"

Jensen stilled in his pacing. "I have a request, actually."

"Done, the three of them aren't even on my roster."

For a moment Jensen wondered what the hell Jeff was talking about. Then he recalled the three ensigns who had harassed him the night before, the ones who inspired Jeff to take his role of master to the next level. He flushed at the thought, clamping down on the surge of lust that coiled in his belly. Even now, Jeff's voice, that deep rumble, would do things to Jensen, reminding him of last night, the way Jeff had commanded Jensen, playing his body to perfection.

"Not just them," he said finally. "There's a Lt. Hartley. Justin Hartley. We have history. I'd prefer it if I didn't have to count on him watching my back."

"Done," Jeff said. "Anyone else I need to worry about?"

"Can't say who he's gotten to. Don't know if you noticed, but Scuts aren't very popular."

"Thought the problem was that you all were too popular."

"Funny."

"I thought so." Jeff tilted his head to one side. "You think we can do this?"

"I know we can do this," Jensen said. "It's everyone else I have to worry about."

"Jensen," Jeff said, holding up the tablet. "Trust me to know my people. I won't select anyone who has a hint of Scut prejudice."

Jensen swallowed. "Thank you."

***

Jensen left Jeff to his task and headed towards the mess to bring back lunch for them both. It was his idea, but Jeff hadn't disagreed and just waved him off while concentrating on his files. Jensen couldn't really help him with his selections anyway, other than by saying who he didn't want. They still had plenty of work to do before the debriefing at 1400. Jeff might have become adept at his role, but they needed to talk specifically how they would play it once on 328.

"Lt. Ackles?" a soft voice called, interrupting his thoughts.

Jensen stopped and whirled, immediately on his guard. He had never seen the soldier who had called his name. She seemed young, as she stood there, one hand braced against the hull of the corridor, half-facing him, as if afraid he wouldn't speak to her. Waves of dark hair hardly seemed constrained by the bun at the back of her head and she stared up at him with huge dark eyes.

"Yes? Ah, Corporal?" He caught sight of the rank markings on the collar of her uniform.

"Gyllenhaal sir." She stepped away from the wall, coming a bit closer. "Corporal Margaret Gyllenhaal."

"Well, nice to meet you, Corporal Gyllenhaal," he said, rubbing the back of his head. Well, this was awkward. "Is there something I can help you with?"

She looked down the hall before flicking back to him. "Can we speak privately?"

Well, so much for lunch with Jeff. "Sure. I was just heading to the mess. Are you available for lunch?"

Gathering his tray along with some boxes of food to bring to Jeff when they were done, Jensen thought about how strange it was to be called sir. Most of the time Jensen worked alone, and lacked any subordinate officers to order around. He did outrank Gyllenhaal, and she insisted on the protocol, even when he said it would all right to call him Jensen. And of course, he'd been called sir in a completely different context, wielding the whip instead of bearing it. He smiled at the thought, remembering the scene fondly for a moment, stars, sometimes he missed his friends from the Academy fiercely. He made a mental note to look them up when he was on leave.

He joined Maggie, as she said her friends called her, at a table in the corner, away from everyone else in the mess. "I do have to get back to the conference room," he warned her. "Don't want to leave Commander Morgan unfed for too long."

She nodded and picked up her fork, although she didn't make a move to eat the dinner she had grabbed from the counter. "Thank you. I appreciate this."

He smiled at her, hoping to ease the nervous energy he sensed in her. Jensen was more accustomed to whispers and mocking over this kind of reaction, well, in the Corps at least. "So what can I help you with?"

"I'm from Sienna," she said. "It's been hit pretty hard recently. There's not a lot of hope to get off-planet, unless you join up. I signed up about five years ago, and I haven't regretted it for an instant…"

"But?" Jensen prodded, leaving his sandwich untouched.

"I have a younger brother. And when he went to enlist, after all the tests they put you through, they asked him to join the Sex Corps."

"Ah," Jensen sat back. "Did he accept?"

"He doesn't know what he's going to do." She put the fork down and began working on shredding her napkin. "I mean, it's four years at the Academy, all expenses paid. That's nothing to sneeze at. But at the same time, I mean, what is he getting into, really?"

Now how the hell could he answer that? Jensen took a deep breath. "It's different for everyone, depending on a person's talents and abilities. Not everyone does what I do, for example." He obviously couldn't talk about past missions, most of those were still classified. No one knew he was behind the Harris Factory disaster, and Jensen liked to keep it that way. "He has to know he'll be expected to use his body, to sleep with the enemy quite literally for the sake of the UP."

She nodded. "That's obvious, I mean everyone knows what Scuts do…"

"No, that's not true." Jensen frowned. "You can't imagine what it's like, to sleep with someone one night and have to kill them in the morning."

"I'm sorry," Gyllenhaal finally took a bite of her meal.

"Don't be, I'm sorry. I'm not trying to shock you. Honestly, Corporal, it's still being a soldier. You learned how to kill, too. You can't protect him from that, no matter what he chooses."

"I'm afraid if he says no they'll send him back to Sienna," she blurted, as if waiting the entire time to say that exact thing.

"That's certainly a possibility," Jensen said carefully. "They won't keep him if he's unwilling, or if he finds himself unable to function. I knew someone who left the Sex Corps. We called her a wash out, but they transferred her to the Space Corps and, as far as I know, she's a Lt. on a battleship. If you're honestly asking my advice, I'll tell you that trying and failing is far better than running away."

She propped her head on one hand and gave him a shrewd look, her mouth quirked. "I bet you've never failed at anything you've tried."

Jensen laughed. "Oh, I've failed at plenty of things." He watched as she continued to eat, as if his words had loosened the worry enough so she could eat. "Look, I have a friend who's been doing some work with recruits. Captain Sophia Bush. I'll mention your brother to her, tell her to look out for him."

"Thank you, sir!" her eyes brightened and she finally truly smiled. Jensen couldn't help but smile back.

***

Jeff didn't look up from his tablet as Jensen came back into the conference room. "Did you go back to Earth to get lunch?" He grumbled.

"No," Jensen dropped one of the take out boxes on the table and Jeff reached for it. Funny how his hunger snuck up on him. "I ended up having lunch with a Corporal."

"Oh?" Jeff finally looked up from his files. Jensen had sat on the table, kicking his legs and biting his lips, looking thoughtful.

"Gyllenhaal. Margaret. Do you know her? Dark hair, big brown eyes."

Jeff had to think about it for a moment. He didn't know everyone on ship, with the size of the Mercury, it was kind of impossible to. However, he did try to get to know as much of the staff as he could. "She's a technician, isn't she?" He punched the name into his tablet and called up her image. "Yes. She worked on the shuttle when we got back from 328 the first time."

"Do you think she's suitable for the mission?"

"Well she's got the eye color," Jeff frowned. "We could use a tech, actually. She caught your eye?"

"Something like that," Jensen admitted, looking down at his fingers dancing on his knee.

Jeff wasn't sure what to expect, Jensen didn't seem any different after their time together. Of course, Jensen entered a role when he wore the collar, when he became Jeff's submissive. That persona hardly scratched the surface of who Jensen Ackles was, and Jeff didn't know if he 'd ever get to the bottom of that. He found he wanted to, he wanted to understand this young man, learn what drove him, how Jensen could use his body in such a way and still stay so strong.

"I'll put her on the list for the briefing then."

"Thank you," Jensen said. "Now finish your sandwich before you starve."

"Yes sir," Jeff laughed, putting his stylus down and picking up the food.

Jensen kicked his legs with a nervous energy. "Now that we've decided to go, I just want to get down there, you know."

"We do actually need to plan a little bit more," Jeff said between bites.

"Oh, I know. I bet Cohan's diplomats will have plenty to say about what they want to happen."

"I meant," Jeff started. "Between us. The Queen wanted me to prove my mastery. Prove myself worthy of the two men she took. How are we going to play that?"

Jensen nodded. "We do have a few kinks to work out. If you can keep up…what you did last night? I don't think we'll have any problems. When you were on 328…how did the Subs seem?" He gestured, as if trying to describe what he meant. "Where they frightened? Grateful? Taken care of? Too thin?"

Jensen had seen what little footage they'd taken from the planet, so he wanted Jeff's opinion here. Jeff thought back to Misha, the slave they offended, and the man kneeling at the feet of the Queen with light blue eyes that seemed to stare right through Jeff, and how he gazed up at his lady. "They seemed happy. But alien, at the same time."

"You didn't understand them," Jensen supplied.

"I still don't," Jeff said.

"I think you get more than you know." Jensen picked up his tablet. "Send me the supply list, I can double check that while you're running through personnel."

"Make sure we bring plenty of lube."

"Mmm," Jensen agreed. "Lube and leather pants. That reminds me, I've booked us both appointments with Medical after the briefing. SOP for Scut-work."

"As long as I'm not the one in leather pants." Jeff grinned at the sound of Jensen's laughter.

***

Jeff watched as they all filed in – fourteen of them from the soldiers officially attached to the Reclamation Project, the five Cohan had recommended and the young woman Jensen had eaten lunch with. He studied her and watched as she moved with a spring in her step Despite being the lowest ranked soldier in the room, she didn't seem cowed, if anything, she seemed excited, something he hadn't seen in his own people in a while. Hell, they were visiting planets that had been cut off from civilization for over 300 years, they should be excited! When the hell had this job stopped being fascinating?

Who was he kidding? Jeff hadn't taken any pleasure in his work since Katie…and he knew he wasn't the only one touched by the constant battles with the Confederation. Everyone he knew had lost someone, a family member, or a soldier in arms. Even Jensen, he thought, watching as Ackles sat apart from everyone, his faced closed off and composed, no sign of the man who shared Jeff's bed last night, the uninhibited submissive who took everything Jeff threw at him.

Gyllenhaal took the seat next to Ackles, which caused Jensen to look at her in surprise, a faint blush staining his cheeks. Good, Jeff thought, at least someone on the team wouldn't be afraid of socializing with the Scut. He was definitely going to have to give the 'we are a team' speech. And made sure he knocked it into their heads – that went for everyone, Scut, officer or technician.

Jeff met the eyes of everyone in the room, one at a time, his gaze quieting the whispers and shuffling. "Thank you all for being so prompt," he began. Jeff clicked on the recorder, which would take the official meeting minutes. He liked having the option to click it off if he needed to.

"I know you chuckleheads all know each other," he waved towards the Reclamation half of the room. "But I want you to go around and introduce yourselves for the benefit of Lt. Ackles and Corporal Gyllenhaal. A short statement about what it is exactly you do would be good. I'll start. Commander Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and I run the operation. Next?"

They moved quickly through his group, hitting a slight snag with the civilians who couldn't deliver a 'short' statement to save their lives. And Cohan had seeded that pool heavily with diplomats and experts in politics, with one lone anthropologist. Damn it, they needed Johnson back. Then the wave of introductions got to the new recruits.
Gyllenhaal stood, like the others had. "Corporal Maggie Gyllenhall. I fix things." She flashed a grin at Jeff as she said it before sitting back down.

Jensen rose to his feet and Jeff crossed his pinkie toe that the kid would not mouth off about his job. Ackles smiled slow and easy and said, "Lt. Jensen Ackles. I'm sure you've all heard what it is I do," and sat back down.

Finally, they could get started.

"Most of you were on the original mission to 328," Jeff started. He resisted the temptation to stand and pace as he spoke. He wanted to be out there, not sitting here in this conference room. Restlessness thrummed under his skin, just as Jensen had complained of earlier; Jeff needed to be down there doing his job. "For those of you who weren't, you were all forwarded copies of the mission report, and I expect you to be familiar with it before we leave tomorrow."

Jeff clicked his stylus on his tablet, pulling up the short notes he had written up. "I do want to give you a brief understanding of the situation." He briefly detailed the culture of those they encountered on the planet, the remnants of the human colonization project that had been trapped out here when the Vespucci wormhole collapsed. The alien technology they had discovered must have been what enabled them to not only survive, but prosper on 328, the largest population of any survivors encountered thus far. However, Jeff cautioned them, their entire society appeared to be based around sex.

"That's why Lt. Ackles was brought in," Jeff explained, giving a nod towards Jensen. "As an expert in these matters."

"Like Dr. Cortese when we went to 511," Lt. Commander Brown said, jostling Lt. Whitfield on his right.

"Genevieve," Whitfield murmured under his breath, his lips curved into a smile.

"Just as long as we don't got to learn old French again," Brown said.

Privately Jeff agreed with him. The mission to 511 had been made that much harder due to the language barrier. Dr. Cortese did her best, but she was only one woman, and hardly enough of her to go around to speak for the entire team. Those who could pick up the language quickly did so, but it was still slow going. Jeff and his team had spent nearly six months there before hammering out an agreement on diplomatic relations between 511 and the UP. It was one of their successes, unlike the planets they found dead and empty, nothing left but husks of space ships long outdated.

"Actually," Ackles said, clearing his throat and sitting forward, folding his hands on the conference table. "It is like learning a new language. The society on 328 is very formal, and structured, even if it is based on sexual relationships."

"And that's the other thing," Jeff interrupted. "Jensen will be" He nearly said "going undercover" before realizing the play on words and rapidly revised his sentence, "posing as my Sub for the duration of the mission while we're on planet."

"To fit in?" Lt. Sampson asked. She had not been on the original mission.

"You're aware two of our people were taken prisoner?" Jeff reminded her. "The stipulation of our return was that I do so and prove myself equal to one of their Masters."

"And to be a Master you need a Sub," one of Cohan's people said. Jeff had to look at his tablet to get her name – Sasha Barrese. She stood out among the military women at the table, with her dark hair loose around her shoulders, and wearing civilian clothing, a pale gauzy blouse, instead of the jumpsuit that even the other civilians adopted once on board. Jeff couldn't decide if she was going to be trouble or not, and he hoped Jensen was right about eye-color and not attractiveness, because otherwise he would fear for her freedom.

Jeff had debated to himself whether or not he needed to give this lecture, whether this team needed it or not. But he decided it had to be said, at least once, before they got down there. "Lt. Ackles role is a very important one. It's crucial that the natives believe he is actually my Sub. But what's even more important is your behavior towards him."

"We have to treat him like one of those slaves too?" Brown asked.

"They used the term Subs for submissives on 328," Jensen said softly. "According to the report. By saying slave you'd only insult them."

"You follow the example of the others on 328," Jeff said. "Since he will be my primary responsibility, you aren't expected to give him orders or engage him in any way without my permission. However, I want to make it clear to all of you that despite the trappings he will need to take on, Lt. Ackles is still a soldier and for this mission a member of the team and I expect you all to treat him with the respect he deserves, is that clear?"

A chorus of yessirs echoed around the table, with the civilians nodding and Gyllenhaal flushing next to Ackles. He wondered how Jensen how found her, what drew him towards this young woman who had never gone on a planetside mission before. Maybe Jensen would tell him more later, in the meantime, Jeff attempted to squash his curiosity. He didn't even consider it might be jealousy.

With that out of the way, they could continue with the rest of the briefing, and Jeff assigned duties and tasks that needed to be complete before tomorrow. Cohan's people didn't give him any arguments, which only worried him all the more, because he knew the arguments would come once the shuttle touched land. He made a mental note to sic Sergeant Massee on them; that guy could talk a fly into hopping into a frog's mouth.

The meeting broke up after Jeff finished outlining the tasks, the related groups banding together to discuss their roles. Sampson had come to his side to ask a question, when Jeff felt a touch on his arm. He looked up at Jensen. "Remember, Medical at 1700."

"I'll see you there," Jeff waved him off.

However, by the time he made it through all the questions and little details he had to deal with personally, Jeff found himself running late as he headed towards the Sickbay. He'd been on the lashing end of the doc's tongue more than once, so he winced at the thought and hurried through the corridors. Damn ship, sometimes it was too damn big.

Jeff saw Jensen as soon as he entered, sitting there on one of the beds, shirtless and kicking at the paper blanket covering his legs and privates. "Careful, you'll end up giving the nurses quite the show."

Jensen looked up and laughed, tiny wrinkles appearing around his eyes. Huh, Jeff had never noticed those before. "Wouldn't be the first time," he said.

"Commander Morgan, good of you to join us," Dr. McGillion said with a raise of his eyebrow.

"Sorry about that, briefing ran late," Jeff shrugged. Why did the doc always make him feel about five inches tall?

"It's fine," Jensen waved him off. "We're done with my basic, but we need to decide on the encoding. Piercing or tattoo?"

"Excuse me?" Jeff blinked.

McGillion pulled forward a cart with the materials on it, Jeff recognized the tatt gun, and the tiny silver ring attached to what must be a piercing gun. "All Scuts are tagged when they enter the field, either with a piercing or a tattoo."

"They can remove it later," Jensen explained his unblemished skin, gesturing towards his bare torso. Jeff bent his fingers into fists to keep from touching, unable to conceive of that flesh not belonging to him.

"Both are encoded in different ways with information, should the Scut ever go missing." The doctor continued his explanation.

"I just wanted to ask your preference, and see what was more common on 328, if you remember."

Jeff thought about it, tried to remember the glimpses he got of the Queen's Sub, and the others he had encountered in the streets, though at the time he had politely averted his eyes from the naked slaves.

"I think piercings were more common. I remember more of those anyway."

Jensen nodded. He held out his arms, "Any preference for where?"

It took Jeff a moment to realize Jensen meant where he should be pierced. "Um," he stalled for time. Jeff stepped back and considered, deciding to take the question as honest, and not Jensen just flirting with him. He was tempted towards the nipple, but he felt you really couldn't just pierce one nipple, it would be asymmetrical. Jeff's gaze wandered down past those perky pink nipples to the fine hair growing up towards Jensen's navel in his flat belly. "Navel?"

"Huh, haven't had that done before," Jensen looked down. "All right, we'll do that then."

"Ok. Lie flat on the table," the doctor ordered.

"Morgan," Jensen said, looking up at the ceiling.

"Yeah?" Jeff moved to the other side, so he could meet Jensen's eyes and stay out of the way of the doc. He noticed Jensen swallow and bite his lips, and remembered Jensen telling him he had a problem with blood. Could he be scared? "Hey," Jeff said, touching his shoulder. "Doc knows what he's doing."

"This really isn't as bad as the tongue piercing," Jensen said with a laugh. "I just can't look at it while he does it."

Jeff shuddered at the thought of a hunk of metal splitting his tongue. Ouch. He looked over and instead of the simple piercing gun he expected, caught sight of the doctor and a long needle. Jeff turned back to Jensen. "So, the debriefing went well, right?"

"I think so, you have a good," Jensen caught his breath, and let out a small whimper. The sound went straight to Jeff's dick. "team," he continued.

"Just need to run the skin sealer over you and you'll be good to go," the doc told Jensen, who kept looking at the ceiling.

"Thanks for staying," Jensen said, almost too soft for Jeff to hear.

Jeff didn't say anything, just looked down to the piercing, a tiny bit of silver in Jensen's belly, light glinting off the gem in the center. He wondered what it would feel like when he ran his tongue over it, if he pinned Jensen to the bed and made him squirm.

"All done." McGillian stepped back and placed the skin sealer back on the cart.

Jensen pushed himself up. "Thanks."

"Your turn, Commander Morgan. We need to do a basic physical before you go, and give you the standard Scut set of injections."

Jeff groaned. "I just got checked out when we got back from 328."

"So you should have no trouble remembering how this works."

Jensen laughed. He hopped off the bed, holding the paper sheet around his waist. "Good luck, Morgan. Catch you later."

Jeff grumbled in his general direction and concentrated on willing down his erection. There were just some things he didn't want to share with the doc.

***

Forehead throbbing, Jeff finally put down his stylus and tablet, standing to stretch his legs. The last bits of the dinner he had grabbed on the way back to his quarters sat on his desk, the smell turning his stomach. Jeff had eaten absently, mind too focused on checking and double-checking that all was in order for the mission tomorrow. He made a mental note to comm down to supply to make sure everything got delivered nice and early. The last thing he needed was the entire team sitting and waiting for the crates to come up from stores.

Jeff popped two pain relievers, washing them down with water he cupped from the sink. He could make all the plans and preparations he wanted, but it all still came down to how well he and Jensen could perform once on planet. Despite Jensen's confidence, Jeff still wasn't sure he was doing it right. Too much depended on this, but Jeff had made a career out of following his instincts, so he might as well keep on doing it.

The door chime broke him out of his thoughts. Jeff dried his face quickly, stepping out of the head to call "Enter."

He really shouldn't have been surprised to see Jensen standing there, carrying one of the plastic half-boxes supply used when parceling out equipment on his hip. "Um, hi."

Jeff blinked at him. "Was there something we forgot to go over?"

Jensen gestured towards the bed. "Just…all my stuff is still in here."

Oh. Jeff looked over at the duffel bags, both still open with Jensen's possessions pulled out, his clothes scattered near the bed, and the various sex toys left littering the surface. They had left in a hurry that morning, in order to meet with the Captain and start making arrangements. Jeff felt his face heating with the realization that he hadn't cleaned any of it up, so intent on his mission preparations. "Sorry. Come on in."

The door slid shut behind Jensen, who set the box down. He gestured, "I didn't have one of the black expedition uniforms, or an off-planet kit, so supply squared me away. Gyllenhaal dragged me down there, otherwise I would have shown up in red tomorrow."

"She seems to have made an impression on you," Jeff said without thinking, crossing his arms over his chest.

Jensen looked up from where he knelt next to the bed, folding the clothes he had worn to the lounge last night. He shrugged with one shoulder. "She's a good kid. Worried about her brother joining the Sex Corps."

Jeff wondered how many times today he was going to be left feeling like an idiot. He sank down onto the bed, watching the lines of Jensen's uniform pull and stretch as he moved. He thought of the muscles moving beneath and shifted, spreading his legs a bit to give his growing dick some room. "Are we ready for tomorrow?" Jeff asked.

"That's your job, old man," Jensen turned and tossed a grin his way. He held up the collar he had spent the better part of yesterday wearing. "I figure we'll just use this one for tomorrow? It's comfortable and seems close enough to the ones I saw in the mission report."

Jeff nodded, remembering how it felt to place that strip of leather around Jensen's neck, to claim his ownership, running his fingers over where it cut into smooth skin, to remind himself – marked, mine. "What," he coughed and cleared his throat, "What should I call you down there?"

"You mean other than slut or boy?"

"I mean other than lieutenant." Jeff quirked a grin in response to Jensen's smile. He wanted to run his fingers over those lips, dip just inside and cover that soft skin with Jensen's own saliva. Jensen had looked amazing covered with Jeff's come, droplets glittering on his too-pretty face. Jeff felt too hot suddenly and pushed up the sleeves of his uniform.

Ackles sat back on his heels and gave Jeff an odd look, his expression clouded for a moment. "Just…call me Jensen, please."

He nodded. "Jensen." The name felt right on his tongue and he realized it was the first time he'd ever said it aloud.

Jensen pushed himself to his feet, but before he could go far, Jeff caught him by the waist, looking up at him. In response, Jensen put a hand on either side of Jeff's face, caressing his cheeks gently. "They gave you injections, at Medical?"

Jeff rolled his eyes. "That why you're thinking I'm touching you? Some aphrodisiacs in a tube?"

"Maybe." Jensen frowned, and Jeff didn't like to see that expression on his face.

Jeff snorted. "Like I didn't think you were sex on legs before? C'mon, show me the piercing…"

Jensen laughed, reaching up one hand to unzip his jumpsuit. "That explains it. I didn't know you had a thing for piercings." He unzipped to the waist, and slid the top down his arms, so he stood bare to the waist.

Jeff had let go to let Jensen undress, but now he took hold of the slim waist again, skin more than warm at his touch. "Does it hurt?"

"Doc healed it completely with the skin sealer. Go on, touch it," Jensen's voice had taken on that husky tone.

He wanted to do more than touch, so Jeff dipped his head and licked at the metal where it pierced Jensen's fair skin. Jensen didn't disappoint, gasping and arching into Jeff's mouth. Jeff slid his hands down Jensen's waist, grasping his hips under the jumpsuit. He pushed the fabric down to Jensen's thighs, revealing the flushed hard cock beneath, sans any underclothing. A white pearl of precome glittered at the tip, just taunting Jeff. He wanted to taste Jensen, memorize the flavor of his fluid exploding in Jeff's mouth.

So he moved fast, drawing himself to his feet and swinging Jensen around and pushing the other man flat on the bed. Jensen looked a little stunned as he bounced, pushing himself up on his elbows to watch as Jeff took hold of his cock – stars, it was scorching in his fingers – and licked off that drop of fluid. Jensen tasted wild and untamed, more spice than salt and Jeff could not stop, he mouthed along the head, nuzzling down the length of the cock, breathing in deep of the musk of Jensen's hairless balls.

"You shouldn't," Jensen whispered, eyes clenched tight.

"Wanted to taste you," Jeff growled, deep in his throat. His fingers dug into Jensen's hipbones, keeping him pinned to the bed. Now it was his turn to play, to enjoy being on his knees, taking whatever Jensen would give him. Jeff knew Jensen needed more, so he ordered, under his breath, "don't move."

Jensen choked out a moan, the sound going straight to Jeff's cock. He hadn't even unzipped his own jumpsuit, but the thought of doing this clothed, while Jensen lay naked and writhing under his fingers and mouth kept him from changing that. He pushed away the last of Jensen's clothing, pulling off the uniform boots and letting them thunk to the floor. There, perfect.

Jeff opened his mouth and slid down Jensen's length, that dick was full and flushed, not too long, but nothing to be ashamed of either. Jeff felt like he could stroke it for hours, petting the soft skin till Jensen begged for release. While he sucked, he pushed Jensen's thighs apart, he wanted to slide one finger up that smooth passage, expecting little resistance. Instead, he was surprised at how tight Jensen felt, even after all the fucking from early that morning.

"Please," Jensen whispered, his voice tight, and he made that whimpering sound in his throat, the one that he'd made in Medical, at the sharp bite of the piercing. Jeff pulled at the navel ring with one hand, sliding the other up Jensen's ass, all the while keeping his mouth full, sliding up and down the now slick length.

He could tell when Jensen got close, the way the other man's breathing hitched, how his moans increased, and his hands gripped the sheets so tightly. Without Jeff's order, he imagined Jensen would be writhing all over the bed, imprisoned by the sensations at his groin. Jeff pulled off, taking one last lick of the head, savoring that flavor, before pulling both hands free to fist the slick cock. "C'mon, boy," he murmured, and gave a knowing smile as Jensen arched off the bed and came in hard, hot pulses.

Jeff caught as much of the liquid as he could, then pulled away to slide back into Jensen's opening, coating him with his own come. Jensen still felt a bit too tight, so he twisted his fingers, looking for that spot that made the other man lose all control. He felt Jensen squeeze his fingers and attempt to pull away from the sensation, but Jeff pushed him back down with one hand. "Wanna fuck you," he said, stepping back to unzip his uniform, freeing his cock and nothing else.

"Yes," Jensen hissed, still breathing in heavy gasps. "Come on old man, show me what you've got."

Jeff took hold of Jensen's legs and pressed them back and up, "What I've got is a gag I'll use on you next time."

"Fuck," Jensen said. The word turned into a deep moan when Jeff pushed the head of his cock towards that tight hole. He felt every inch as he slid inside, though Jensen's body parted, like it was made just for him. Jeff grunted out his own moan, leaning forward, letting Jensen curl his legs around his waist.

He stole a kiss after bottoming out, needing a moment to catch his breath. Jensen was just too hot, too sensual and sultry and more than enough to make Jeff lose it too soon. He bit down on that full lip, taking that kiss, forcing Jensen's mouth open as he swallowed whatever groan or gasp to follow.

Then Jeff let go, rolling his hips and giving in to the sensation, letting his cock dictate the movement, harder and faster. He rocketed towards his climax, snapping forward to get more of that delicious friction. Jensen arched his neck, throwing his head back as his body bent to take the punishing thrusts. Finally, Jeff couldn't hold back anymore, and he came, fingers making indents on Jensen's arms where he held him down. His body jerked and he could feel the wetness where their bodies were still joined.

Jeff pulled back slightly, he didn't want to pull out just yet, he still liked the idea of his seed trapped inside Jensen's body, and reached down for Jensen's cock. He found it soft, but more than a splash of come stained both their bellies. Had he been so far gone he hadn't noticed Jensen coming a second time?

"Sorry," he said, looking down at Jensen's flushed face, his kiss-swollen lips.

"Are you kidding?" Jensen opened his eyes. Sweaty locks of hair fell into his forehead and he ran his hand over his head, making his hair stick up in all directions. "Who apologizes for good sex?"

Jeff laughed. He indulged and planted a kiss on the tip of Jensen's nose, making it scrunch up adorably. "Apparently I do." He eased himself out of Jensen's body, missing the contact as soon as he pulled away. "Don't move."

Kicking his jumpsuit off, Jeff grabbed a damp towel and wiped Jensen down, freeing him from any of the sticky wetness. Jensen scooted back when Jeff pulled down the covers and slid underneath the sheets beside him. They spooned together, Jeff catching Jensen's legs between his own, throwing one arm around his waist to play with the belly piercing.
Jensen squirmed, "It's a bit ticklish."

Jeff stilled. "Sorry," he said into Jensen's hair. He closed his eyes, thinking it had been a long day, but glad it had ended just as he had began, here in bed beside Jensen. "Stay," Jeff said. "I didn't like it when I woke up and you were gone."

Jensen stiffened in his arms for a moment, then let out a little sigh. "Can you set an alarm then? I need to get up early and call my brother."

"You always call him before you go on a mission."

Jeff felt the tiny shrug. "We started that when I first graduated the Academy. Grew into a tradition, I guess. He'd worry, if I didn't."

"You two are close, then?"

Jensen rolled onto his back and turned his head towards Jeff. "When do I get to ask the questions, huh?"

Those green eyes looked tense and weary, but not angry, like Jeff expected. He lifted a hand and skimmed his fingers over Jensen's cheek, playing connect-the-dots with the freckles there. What could he say, that he wanted to know more about the man who would share his bed for who knew how long they stayed on 328? Could he explain that Jensen intrigued him, that he wanted to know more about the mystery, the front Jensen threw up when he wanted to avoid talking? Instead, Jeff just said, "ask then."

Jensen looked surprised at the offer. Jeff could tell he didn't have anything planned when he blurted, "Why did you join up?"

At least it was an easy question, that didn't touch any of the shadows in his heart. "I wanted to fly," he explained. "I grew up in Seattle, watching the low-glide flyers from the Space Academy. I'd never been off-planet, hell, had never even taken a shuttle to the moon. But I wanted to get up there." He closed his eyes, trying to reclaim the excitement, the sheer joy he'd experienced at his first flight, how it felt to be in control, nothing but him, his ship and the atmosphere. How could he have forgotten that? But Jeff couldn't quite reach it, couldn't recall what it felt like to be that young and innocent.

"Oh," Jensen said. "My parents moved to Texas when I was four. I grew up on our family's ranch. Wasn't born on Earth though."

"Few enough people in the Corps are." Jeff opened his eyes again, and searched the expression on Jensen's face, trying to divine the secrets behind the beauty. "Before Alfani, anyway, before Earth got hit."

"Old news." Jensen's lips thinned and he settled his head back onto the pillow. "Anyway, we're not supposed to be thinking about the war out here."

"Unless we're talking about the real reason the UP funded this project." Jeff sighed.

Jensen turned on his side and stared at Jeff. "I know you found alien tech down there."

Jeff snorted. "It's more than just some alien tech. It's a completely functional alien city. We didn't have any footage because Johnson had the camera that caught that part of the mission."

"Wonder if that's why he was taken instead?"

"Backing down on your eye-color theory?"

"Just keeping my options open." Jensen placed one hand on Jeff's chest, carding his fingers through the dark curls there. "We'll have to be ready for anything down there tomorrow."

"Including the possibility that they'll kick us out on our asses," Jeff grumbled.

Jensen smiled. "After the ultimatum the Queen issued you? No, she'll want to see you fail." He shifted until his head lay on Jeff's chest, curling their bodies together. "You're going to have to trust me, down there. Trust that I can handle it."

"I think I can do that." Jeff grinned back at him.

end
(for now)