And, five days later, when Alice and Tarrant emerge in the halls of the White Castle, she not only has a new appreciation of her friends and their importance to her: 

“La! I missed you, Alice!” 

“Well, I ’d say you don’t need me to chaperone you any longer...” 

“Och! Lock an’ key! Don’ b’ wearin’ ’em out nauw!” 

“I told yah you’d be glad yah took matters into your own hands!” 

“Ah, Alice! I’m so glad you have no regrets!” 

Alice also has a very unique appreciation of her husband’s concept of a bit of time. It’s an interpretation that she likes very much , she decides. Especially when that time is spent with him, at their house or in their garden. 

“Tarrant?” she muses aloud one evening, a few days after he had returned to his work and she had puttered around their house and garden. 

“Yes, my wife?” 

“I think I’ve made up my mind.” 

“Regarding what?” 

She smiles and he smiles back. A week ago, that vague statement would have alarmed him. It doesn’t now... because he trusts her, trusts himself, trusts what they have become together . 

Alice says, “I think I would like to meet the Royal Carpenter. Bridging places together with doors sounds... marvelously intriguing.” 

“I would be pleased to introduce you. When would you like to meet him?” He turns away from the cupboards in the kitchen, having just stacked the last clean plate with its fellows. Alice can’t help herself from eyeing his bare forearms. There is just something about seeing him with his shirtsleeves rolled up that has the power to distract her from almost anything... 

“Alice?” he prompts gently, a knowing smile curving his lips. “The Royal Carpenter? When would you like me to make the introductions?” 

Well and truly caught in the act of ogling, Alice doesn’t bother to pretend she hadn ’ t just let herself get caught up in the enjoyment of simply looking at him. Instead, she smiles unrepentantly and turns back to the sink. Filling the kettle with water, she replies, “Perhaps tomorrow? Following afternoon tea?” 

His brows twitch at the suggestion. “And not in the morning? Forgive me, Alice, but I’ve noticed you do not care for waiting once you have made up your mind on a matter...” 

She laughs. “There’s nothing to forgive. You are entirely correct. It’s simply that... I have something else I need to attend to before I can think about a future career.” 

“And what might that be?” 

Alice sets the kettle on the stove, turns, steps into his arms and, placing her hands on his warm, solid shoulders and a kiss on his chin, says, “I have a husband to introduce to my mother and sister. Don’t worry,” she continues, circumventing his frown of concern. “I’ll be speaking to the Queen about the best way to send a letter to them. I want them to know that I forgive them... and that I am well. And loved.” 

“Aye,” he agrees, his arms tightening around her. He murmurs against her temple. “Ye are Loved... ver’much, mae Alice.” 

She wraps her arms around his neck on a happy sigh. “Yes,” she agrees. “I know .”