Brooke Blackmailed 0 - The Setup
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2010


Nineteen year old Brooke had a little wild in her. Now that she
was attending college, she was expressing herself and taking
advantage to let that wild out. Her smooth, silky skin was the
color of coffee with a little cream. She wore her hair long and
loose, with a little bit of wave to it, an effect that took some
maintenance, but was well worth it for the end results. Her face
was soft yet proud, with prominant cheekbones, giving her a
classic and timeless beauty reminiscent of the old black and
white movie star Lana Turner, though she would probably have
preferred to be compared to pop star Rihanna rather than a white
woman long dead.

Like many young women, when she looked in the mirror she focused
first on her flaws, exaggerating them way out of proportion to
reality. She thought her breasts could be a little bigger, a
little firmer, ride a little higher. Her thighs were too thick,
and her hips too wide. She had a solid self image, though, and
knew she looked good, in spite of these minor imperfections. The
boys (and girls!) who paid her lots of attention certainly never
seemed bothered by these things, they didn't even seem to notice
them. She was definitely of the opinion that if you've got it,
you should flaunt it, and she had it.

Today she was wearing a light print summer dress, and a pair of
strappy sandals. Nothing else, other than a light dose of makeup
and a few tasteful pieces of jewelry. Underneath the dress she
was completely naked. She loved the easy breezy feel of being
naked beneath her outer shell, and the attention she got when she
was dressed this way. She loved to tease. The fabric of the dress
was just heavy enough that you could see her erect nipples
through it, but you couldn't tell they were pierced. The
piercings were new enough that she was constantly aware of them,
the movement of the cloth against them gave her delightfully sexy
shivers all day, keeping her nipples swollen and hard. She had
practically been forced to get the piercings by the lady who sold
her the cute little Honda she drove, but that is another story!
She certainly didn't regret getting them, they looked hot and
made her feel just a little wicked.

She got home from school that afternoon, and discovered that she
had gotten some mail - a large manilla envelope carefully sealed
with tape. She never got any mail, other than bills, so she was
really very curious as to what might be inside. She took it out
into the yard, where she could sit and enjoy the feel of the sun
on her body while she opened it.

Inside the envelope was a a set of 5 glossy 8x10 pictures, and a
short note. She was horribly shocked when she saw the
photographs, feeling just as if someone had punched her right in
the gut! The pictures were of her, and a large german shepard.
They were disgusting! Although she felt a little naseous, she
couldn't help but stare at these vile images. How was this
possible? She considered herself open minded, and a little kinky,
but she had never even dreamed of doing the things these photos
showed her doing. She knew she never had, so how the hell could
these pictures exist? She had seen the usual Photoshopped
pictures the geeks made, pasting their favorite celebrities head
on some porn sluts body to jack off to, but these photos looked
real! Examining them very closely, repelled but fascinated, to
see if there was any way to tell they had been made up, she
couldn't see any indication that they were faked, even though
they had to be.

/Fuck!/

Tearing her eyes away from the images, now seared into her brain,
she read the note:

Sexy Brooke,

you can see that you are in a world of trouble!
There is a way out, if you are bold enough.
You will be given five tasks to do, and if you
do them well, without question, I will destroy
the originals of these photographs. If you do
not do the deeds, when they are given to you
I will send copies to the college Dean, your
parents, your friends, and I will post them on
the Internet for all the perverts of the World!
There will be no negotiation, no backing down.
You will never know when or where you will be
given a task to perform, so be ready! Either
you do as you are told to do, or I send the
pictures out like I've promised. You will know
the deeds are the real deal, and not just some
joker playing with you, because they will all
be signed like this note.

Love,

Omega [symbol]

/Oh, holy fuck! This can't be happening! What did I do? Who could
this be? I need to get rid of these fucking things NOW!/

Brooke ran into the house, trembling, and put the pictures and
the note into the fireplace and burned them, making damn sure
they were completely incinerated. She was upset for the rest of
the day, worried sick. /What will I have to do to make sure those
pictures are *never* seen by anyone? No one will ever believe
they are fake, they look *way* too real! Oh, fuck. Fuck, fuck,
fuck!/ Even more disturbing to Brooke was the fact that the idea
of someone having control over her, and being forced to do God
only knows what sort of kinky things, was more than a little
exciting. She was still very bothered, and would rather have
taken a nasty beating than have to deal with something as fucked
up as those pictures, but that didn't keep her subconscious mind
from reacting how it would, and being quite turned on. She
finally belted a little booze, and took a hot bath to try and
relax. While she was in the tub, though, her excitement pushed
through to the surface, and she had to aim a pounding hot stream
of water at her clit, and finger herself to orgasm. She came like
never before, which upset her even more, and she wound up crying
herself to sleep, disturbed, but still horny.


      DV

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/


