Naked Alice: Ten Years Later

Hey, everyone! This is Alice Honeydew, although my fans know me as “Naked Alice”. It’s been almost ten years since my Uncle Jack gave me a Thanksgiving that changed my life forever. For those of you who don’t know, he engineered a series of wardrobe malfunctions for me to coax me into moving in with him. After I did so, long story short he filmed and photographed me in the nude and enticed others at my new school to join in the fun, all while keeping me isolated from my family. As can be imagined, this ultimately proved highly illegal, so Uncle Jack went to prison. Rather than destroy the site, however, it was decided that I should be given control of it, and upon further reflection I did in fact enjoy the exposure.

This started a career of erotic photos and videos. I liked being seen in circumstances that I could control, and I especially liked the steady and substantial cash flow that came with the business. After a while, I began to be noticed by others in the erotic film industry. Dragonfly Productions in particular took a keen interest in me; its manager, Seth, made it so I was the star in many of its movies, and this further increased my exposure (pun intended) in the industry. He’s a lot like Uncle Jack, I guess, minus all the demons and creepiness. I worked with such icons as Tristie Sunday and Lydia Trail, and influenced the next generation of stars by working with Cali Rogan, Hannah Gomez, and Joanna Lee. This money gave me a free ride through college.

I moved back to my hometown after the Uncle Jack incident, and to my pleasant surprise I received little heckling during my last semester of high school; my plight had probably stirred some sympathy amongst the girls, and the boys were probably too awestruck by my body to make nasty remarks. In order to compensate for my bouts of nudity, my style of dress became much more puritanical. I wore clothing that always covered my midriff, and didn’t even wear so much as a tank top during the spring or summer. When I went to college, I majored in Drama and minored in Creative Writing, Most students there didn’t even know of my “side hustle”, and saw if anything a girl who was somewhat prudish; when I went to the gym to work on my physique, they would see a plain girl in sweats and a black hoodie. I wonder if any of them ever knew… My parents were understandably peeved at my new career, but they yielded to my desires, and any remaining objections melted with the checks I cashed. On a personal note, I ended up marrying Bobby. Acknowledging who paid the bills, he took my last name. Robert John Honeydew proved to be one of the best photographers and agents a woman could ask for, not to mention a fully supportive husband.

So what are my plans for the future? As the big 3-0 nears, I still have quite a bit of life as a “model”, but such things fade over time and I have saved money when I could. It also doesn’t help that Bobby and I are thinking about starting a family of our own, which would put me out of commission for at least 9 months and, depending on what toll it takes on my body, possibly good. I have my sights on more mainstream acting, and have explored roles in television. While my past hasn’t particularly helped, I retain full confidence that I can make some break if I should ever need one.

That leaves what happened to Uncle Jack. This does not have such a happy ending. Jack received five years in the slammer for what he did to me, although he got out earlier. As can be expected from the incident, all of the family – except for that sister – cut off contact with him completely. He did get … the receiving end of prison sexuality, but not because of what he did to me (for those who haven’t watched their Larry Lawton, they don’t care about sex with teenagers – “hebo”, “ephebo”, or whatever the fuck – not to mention that I was technically an adult when it happened), but because of his weak frame and meek demeanor when confronted with people who are not trusting teenage girls; it got so bad that he would often voluntarily seek protective custody. Remember how I said Jack didn’t serve his full five years? He served four and a half, and not from the way he might have liked. It turns out that I was not his only intended victim, and that he had tried to lure in people much younger than myself into his schemes. Luckily nothing ever happened past his attempts, but they were enough for a giant case to be assembled against him. Before the district attorney could make an easy re-election campaign, however, word got out in prison, and this time they did care. Forum rules prevent me from elaborating further, but after the correctional officers pulled the crowd off Uncle Jack the doctors were unable to save him. Good riddance!

I would just like to thank all of my fans on here who have been with me for the past ten years. You all have been the best, and I appreciate each and every one of you! xoxo

Naked Alice