Unfair Initiation

I just finally made the cheerleading squad this year. Last week all the newest girls on the squad were told to report to Lisa the Captain's house Friday night. We were told we'd be spending the night, and anyone who didn't show was off the team. Lisa, the bitch Captain that I hate, has never liked me and never even wanted me on the squad in the first place but I made the team anyway. I think she's just jealous of me because I am the best looking girl on the squad now and she knows it. 

That night I showed up at her house at the time we were told too. No adults were home so it was just the squad members. Once we were there for a while Lisa said before we would be welcomed as real team mates we would all have to go through different tests. They said anyone refusing would be forever shunned by the team. There were 5 of us new girls and eight of the seniors including bitch Lisa. 

We were brought into the basement of the house. They threw practice squad grey cotton school shirts and matching gym shorts at us an ordered us to put them on. Changing into them we all realized they were several sizes too small and looked ridiculous in them. My shorts were so small they rode up my butt crack and left the bottom of my cheeks exposed. My shirt was so small I didn't even cover my stomach and it felt like he pressure from my boobs might rip open the seams of the shirt. It was the same for the rest of the new girls too. Once we were changed they made us line up in front of them. They laughed at us saying we looked like little tramps as they made us spin around and bend over for them. 

Then they made each one of us do different things. All of them were embarrassing or humiliating to some degree but initially none of them were really that bad. They made the first girl do her cheer routine while they threw cold water balloons at her every time she made a mistake or hesitated. She was soaked and freezing by the time they were done with her. They ordered her to stay like that and said they were not done with her yet. The second girl was made to do a routine of their choosing and every time she made a mistake she was made to get on her hands and knees and receive a whack in the butt from a paddle they had. Kneeling with her butt sticking out they pulled her already undersized shorts up the crack of her ass in back baring her cheeks so the paddle made contact with her bare cheeks with each whack. She had a very shapely ass and Lisa seemed to really enjoy seeing her like this. The third girl was made to do the same, a routine of their choosing, and each time she hesitated or made an error they'd squirt syrup and toss flour all over her. They even got it on her hair and face. She was a total mess by the time they finished with her. They made her stay that way too. The fourth girl they blind folded and tied up. They tied her hands behind her with rope. They asked her cheer squad related question like how many girls are on the squad, and how many past competitions the school had won, etc. Every time she answered incorrectly they would squirt ketchup and mustard down her shirt or short as she squealed and jumped around not knowing exactly what they were doing to her since she was blind folded. They really had their fun with her so by the time they were done they were all pretty worked up. I was last and nervously expected the same. 

They ordered me to stand in the center and do a random routine of their choosing. I did it with no mistakes with seemed to really anger bitch Lisa since she hated me. She chose another routine and I managed to make my way through that one with no mistakes either but after, Lisa conferred with a few of the other senior girls then said I had made a mistake. I tried to argue that I didn't but she got very agitated and told me to shut the F up and not speak unless told too. Then she ordered me to lie on the floor and had one girl pin my arms above my head and another hold my legs down by my ankles. She said as punishment for making a mistake and giving her back talk that I would be tickled (for making the mistake) and then spanked (for back talking to her)... but for me, since I was special, it would be with no pants on, and when she said no pants she meant no pants or underwear either! I freaked and screamed no, so she told me if I didn't like it I could quit and leave of my own free will at anytime, but if I did I'd be off the squad for good. I didn't know what to say so I didn't answer. She asked me again if I wanted to quit acting like she was hoping that I would say yes. Defiantly I shook my head no so she just laughed and said, "Ok loser, we'll see if you really want to quit or not after this." 

Then with an evil smirk she ordered the girls to hold me down tight. She grabbed the waistband of my shorts and hooked her fingers under my panties too and then tugged them both all the way down past my hips all the way to my ankles. I squealed and struggled in bare humiliation as she wrestling them off and took them from me. She beamed perversely at the sight of my exposed pussy and naked hips as I writhed around in front of everyone completely bare assed. My face went bright red with the humiliation of feeling all eyes upon me and the cold air against my skin. No one else had been made to remove even one article of clothing but I was being stripped naked by this jealous bitch! I struggled as they held me down with my exposed belly and bare hips flexing and contorting against their restraints as Lisa removed my shoes and socks too so she'd have access to my bare feet. Ordering the girls to hold me tight again she began vigorously tickling my sides, thighs, knees, tummy, and feet. They all laughed watching my bare pussy and naked hips writhe around in front of everyone's eager eyes. Hands went everywhere and Lisa took full advantage touching me all over, and I mean all over including touching me right on my kitty and in between my legs as she pleased. Then ordering them to flip me over on my chest so everyone could get a look at my "nice bare ass" they continued mercilessly tickling me up and down my back side smacking my rear end to make it jiggle. Lisa groped my ass and pulled my ass cheeks apart exposing my bung hole and pussy lips so every one could get a good look. Biting her lip she swatted my bare jiggling ass as she called me a dirty little tramp telling me if I didn't like it I should just quit but I remained defiantly silent. 

Then she slid her legs under my hips and pulled my naked hips and ass over her lap. With her face right over my naked ass now she caressed my cheeks then began swatting my naked rear vigorously and spreading my cheeks wide stretching my anus and pussy lips obscenely apart. Touching my anus with her finger she pushed her finger dangerously against it. I feared she might stick it up my ass altogether but then she moved it down in-between my legs to my lips. Sliding her finger up and down the slit she made crude comments about the warmth and dampness of this area to my complete embarrassment. Then releasing my spread open cheeks she swatted my protruding ass over and over a half dozen times making my bare cheeks shake and jiggle with each recoil till I flinched and begged for mercy. Each time I tensed up she order me to stick my ass up and out as far as I could continuing to spank me till I obeyed her commands. She swatted me and fingered my butt hole and pussy to her hearts content. After a good 10 minutes of this bare spanking humiliation she let me go. 

Ordering me up they made me stand in front of everyone in the room as I was, bare assed with warm red cheeks. Lisa demanded that I stand with my hands at my side and not dare cover up. She ordered me to do another cheer routine as I was, without pants. She said if I messed up one more time they'd take my top off next and make me do it again completely naked. I was so embarrassed and nervous I almost cried and didn't even get 1/2 way through the routine with out making a mistake. Laughing hysterically at me Lisa ordered me to take my shirt off. Hesitantly I stood trying to hold in my tears not wanting to obey her humiliating command but not wanting to quit either. Hesitating too long for Lisa's tastes she immediately motioned to her 2 closest she devils. They promptly pulled my arms up in the air and roughly yanked my shirt up over my head and off me as my bare breasts sprung lose from the tight undersized shirt they were trapped under. They bobbled around on full show for everyone's perverted pleasure. Now they had stripped me completely naked! Humiliated and ashamed I stood there trying to cover as Lisa ordered me to keep my hands at my sides again. I prayed that they'd leave me alone now and move back to one of the other girls but Lisa had other plans for me still. 

Lisa ordered me to do the routine again for everyone this time stark naked. She said she wanted to see my round little teenage tits bouncing and my hot little ass shaking more so that ever before or else. Horrified and ready to cry I once again did my cheer routine stark naked in front of a room full of people. With my boobs bouncing vigorously every time I jumped, and my ass and privates exposed every time I bent over the senior girls laughed hysterically at bitch Lisa's continuing humiliation of me. She was torturing me trying to get me to quit and was not letting up either. Tears streamed down my face not knowing how much more I could take. Once I finished the routine again for what felt like the 12th time now she said, "Do it again, but this time faster," with an evil smirk spreading from ear to ear now. Angrily I did it again faster and faster till my bare tits and ass cheeks shook wildly as I was laughed at and taunted till I messed up again. With tears now streaming down my face Lisa laughed saying I was not cheer squad material and that maybe I should just quit. Again I did not concede so she ordered me to kneel down in front of her, bend forward, stick my ass out, and kiss her feet. Then she said, "Wait, one more thing." She ran to a small storage area on the other side of the basement and came back with a pom pom on a stick. "For being such a fuck up I am making you honorary little naked slave girl mascot for the rest of the night." Still kneeling she ordered me to put my face on the ground and stick my ass out as far as I could. Then through a roar of cruel laughter from the rest of the girls in the room she stuck the handle of the pom pom up my ass and ordered me to leave it there. "This is your tail mascot!" she laughed as she grabbed me by the back of my hair and ordered me to crawl around the room with the pom pom stuck up my ass and kiss everyone’s feet as they all laughed and snickered at the perverted hazing Lisa was forcing me to endure. 

I was made to remain naked with the pom pom stuck in my butt for what felt like hours and was told to stay even after the rest of the girls had been dismissed. 

Once they were gone Lisa continued to have her fun with me. She squeazed my boobs and put clothes pins on my nipples. She forced me to bend over a chair spanking me and spreading my pussy and asshole sticking her fingers in both every so often. She made me lie on my back and spread my legs wide so she could see my "little twat" and made all sorts of crude comments about how I probably liked to get fucked up the pussy and asshole by the boys at school at the same time. With the pom pom handle still stuck up my anus she made me lay over the arm of the couch pulling my cheeks and pussy lips wide open as she stood behind me with her hands down her panties fingering herself and frigging her clit as she talked dirty to me breathing hard till she eventually shook and shuddered uncontrollably behind me giving herself an obviously huge orgasm. 

Once done she ordered me get my shit together and leave, but as she walked out of the basement she said my initiation was not done yet so I should plan on more of this next week, if I could take it! 
 