Innocent awakenings
by xaubf

Ching Ling was looking forward to the coming family holiday. It wasn't just her family - dad, mum, younger sister Mei Ling, youngest brother Tse Ming - it was also another family, one she hadn't seen for five years. Ching Ling and her family lived in Victoria, Australia, having moved there from Malaysia when she was eight. When they moved, the family had made fast friends with another Malaysian family, uncle Tony, auntie Jill, and their son Jimmy. As a child she and Mei Ling had played a lot with Jimmy - rough boy games like tag (typically called catching by Malaysians), girly role play games she invented, and other games too. Since then she had blossomed into a willowy Asian beauty, with long straight hair, slim waist and shoulders, smallish but pert breasts, and long legs. Her sister was built similarly, but shorter, with a body type a bit more like their Caucasian schoolmates, with rounder buttocks and bigger breasts. She was a little envious of the male attention her sister commanded sometimes - not that either of them had a boyfriend yet. In part that was why she was looking forward to seeing Jimmy again - she harboured a mild crush when they had last parted, when his family had left to go to Queensland for work. She wondered what he looked like now.

"Are we there yet?" asked Tse Ming, unwittingly playing the part of the annoying sibling in an American family comedy film. "Almost, Ming," their mother answered. They were in an SUV, on the way to a outdoor caravan park where they were meeting Jimmy's family. Ching Ling rolled her eyes. That had to be the tenth time Ming had asked. Little Ming was an.adolescent ball of energy, just turned 13, and had not quite learned the art of sitting still. Ching Ling usually had her hands full trying to control.him as the eldest, as she was expected to do. It didn't help that she had the demure personality stereotypically associated with Asian.girls. In fact mum had insisted they had not brought her up that way, that it was her personality. Looking at Mei Ling, maybe they were right. Mei, perhaps emboldened by the male attention she received, was also more extroverted, playful, and cheeky, though she usually deferred to Ching Ling's judgement. Thankfully so, though maybe it was because the girls were closer in age, being one year apart, and felt united in trying to control their little brothers shenanigans. Ching Ling eighteen, Mei Ling seventeen, and then the five year gap to thirteen. The girls often kidded Tse Ming that he was an accident child, much to his annoyance.

When they finally arrived, Jimmy's family were already there. The Hyundai they drove was exactly the same as it was 5 years ago. The family themselves were nowhere to be seen - most likely they were in one of the caravans themselves. The three kids were out as soon as the vehicle stopped, glad to be stretching their legs after a long drive. The two girls were wearing denim cut off shorts and spaghetti strap tops, par for the course for Mei, but usually eschewed by Ching excepting scorching hot weather like today. The girls had worn sunscreen. Ming was wearing jeans - wanting to be a big boy but regretting his choice now.

As the family went to get their bags, Jimmy's parents came up. ,"Tony! Jill! Long time no see!"exclaimed dad. The family came up to greet them "Hello uncle Tony, auntie Jill," each of the kids said. Their eyes turned to Jimmy. Ching Ling's voice caught her throat. Jimmy had filled out well - tall, lanky, and tanned. He was with a younger girl, about Mings' age. Jimmy was an only child. A cousin? Ching suddenly felt self conscious in her shorts and exposed shoulders in front of Jimmy. It hadn't seemed to matter with her family, but now in front of a boy her own age - in front of Jimmy - it seemed suddenly a big deal to be dressed so skimpily. Jimmy for his part seemed tongue tied. His eyes were shyly averted downwards, or so it seemed. Downwards? Ching suddenly realised, a slight flush suffusing her cheeks, that Jimmy's eyes were drawn to the sight of her bare legs. Not just her bare legs, she noted jealously, the sight of Mei's bare legs too. Suddenly realising what he was doing, the teenaged boy quickly brought his eyes upwards, embarrassed at being caught checking out the legs of his childhood female friends. He cleared his throat, unsure of what to say.

Mei Ling came to the rescue. "Jimmy! So good to see you!" She stepped forward to hug him. That broke the ice. All three siblings hugged him, Ching Ling ultra conscious of the feel of her sheer bra covered breasts on his chest. The girl with Jimmy turned out to be his little cousin Mary, whose parents were going to Europe on a work conference. Knowing only Jimmy, she stuck to him like glue, though she and Ming stole frightened glances at each other. After the initial awkwardness, it was as if no time had gone at all. The childhood friends caught up, chatting and filling each others in the gaps, telling what they were doing, what they planned to do for uni, the works. Even Mary joined in after a bit. When the adults finally called to help set up the caravans, the kids regretfully parted. As Ching was leaving, Jimmy caught her hand. "Hey, sorry about being weird just now," he said. Feeling unusually flirty, she replied, " That's ok, we usually have that effect on boys - though they don't unusually check out our legs so obviously!", expecting him to get flustered again

Instead of blushing Jimmy grinned. "It's your fault for dressing like that - not that I'm complaining. Besides - " he drew closer and whispered, so that only she could hear," remember I've seen a lot more than that." With that parting shot Jimmy walked off with Mary.

What in the world did he mean by that, she wondered as she went back to join her family. Then suddenly it hit her, and it was her that suddenly blushed. She remembered what he was talking about.

****

Five years ago, when she and Jimmy were both 13, and Mei was 12, the two families had gone on a very similar trip together to a rural cabin area. The three were playing together near a river bank.Little Ming stayed back, playing his PlayStation Vita. The previous day was rainy, rendering the riverbank muddy and slippery, but the children didn't care, running up and down. Mei was it, trying to catch the two older children but failing, the two giggling as they kept just out of reach. Finally mei launched herself at the two of them. Jimmy quickly dodged, but Ching froze, and thus got tackled by her sister. The two rolled down the river bank, and got their clothes and hair all muddied. As they rolled around they even got within touching distance of the river, but didn't fall in. They got wet as well. They were a sight, muddy clothes clinging to their adolescent bodies head to toe. All three got a good scolding when they got back to the cabins. Ching and Mei's mum.was still.using the bathroom inside the cabin, and their dad made them stand outside so they didn't dirty the cabin. Jimmy's mum made him take off his shoes and socks, and was his feet before being allowed inside their cabin to shower.

When their mum was done, she inspected the girls outside. There was no way she was allowing them inside the cabin, she declared. They would be held responsible for the dirt. What to do? She made them remove their dirty clothes and use the shower outside. Off came the muddy socks and shoes, off came the muddy shorts and t shirts, and off came the muddy underwear which was soaked through. The clothes went in a bag which mum brought inside the cabin. The two girls switched on the outdoor shower and went under together, glad to be washing of the mud which had even encased their bare bodies.

What they hadn't quite thought of was Jimmy coming out of his cabin. Because he had started first, he finished first, and after getting dressed wandered out looking for his two female playmates. But his two playmates weren't ready - they were both under the shower,

But his two playmates weren't ready - they were both under the outdoor shower, closing their eyes under the water, unaware of his approaching presence. Thus Jimmy found his two female playmates, dripping wet and naked, under the shower.

Ching remembered their mother calling out to her and her sister, letting them know she had brought the soap and shampoo. She opened her eyes to see their mum bringing the soap and shampoo on one side - and on the other side their friend - their fully dressed guy friend - staring at her and her sister. Her body at time was not fully developed of course - just two little bumps on top, getting bigger a little bit of soft fine growth down there - and her sister was much the same. To a thirteen year old boy, though, this was all amazing. She froze. Her mum noticed Jimmy - and all she said nonchalantly was " Hello Jimmy" and proceeded to soap and shampoo her two daughters in front of their friend.

Ching knew she was getting a bit old to have her mum shower her, though she liked the attention. Being all soaped up and shampooed - naked - in front of Jimmy was something entirely new. Surreptitiously she tried covering up and crossing her legs without being too obvious about her embarrassment, but her impatient mum.kept moving her arms out of the way. As a, result, Jimmy got a good look at everything. Blushing bright red, she glanced at her sister. Mei was flushed too - but she was biting her lip, staring at Jimmy, and had made no move to cover up.Great, she thought, Jimmy is getting a complete eyeful of the both of us. They were both old enough to know they weren't supposed to be naked in front of boys - neither would have let a male classmate see their underwear, much less naked - and yet here they were, completely naked in front of Jimmy in an outdoor shower, and her mum apparently thought nothing of it.

Jimmy picked up both on the girls' embarrassment and their mothers obliviousness to it. Replying "Hello auntie", he just stood there, drinking in the sight. As their mother soaped up the sisters' bodies, Ching was glad at least the suds from the soap hid some of their bodies from sight.

A sudden ring tone from the cabin rang. With an annoyed sigh, their mum handed over the shower head.. to Jimmy. " Jimmy, can you please finish up for me? I have to answer my phone. Might add well dry them up too" "O.k. auntie".

Oh God. Not only was Jimmy watching them bathe naked, now he was the one in charge of their shower- and drying! Jimmy continued rinsing the suds off the bodies of the girls, once again revealing their charms to him. At least he had the good grace not to smirk. "Arms up" he instructed and she wanted to scream. Instead she and her sister obediently raised up their hands, allowing Jimmy to wash off the remaining suds, and at the same time having their hands away from their bodies giving him a complete view yet again.

Jimmy turned off the shower head and picked up the towel their mother had left behind, waiting expectantly. Meekly Mei Ling stepped forward to be the first to be towelled off. Jimmy quickly dried off her hair and instructed her to lift her and arms again, allowing him to dry the water off her body. Jimmy didn't spend too much time on her private parts. He motioned to her to go the cabin to get dressed. "Aren't you gonna wrap the towel around me?" asked Mei hopefully. "Ah, no, your mum only left one and I still have to dry your sister." Mei walked dejectedly to her room, still naked, biting her lip.

Ching stepped forward in a daze. She was seen naked, rinsed off naked and was about to be towel dried naked by Jimmy. His touch was unexpectedly gentle, brushing lightly against breasts and mound when he had to, but firmer on her less private areas. It still.felt weird - no, humiliating - to have a male age mate placed in such a position of power over her. Once he was done, she walked back.to her cabin naked. Glancing back, she saw Jimmy staring at her butt as she walked.

That was the last night at the camp. The next day they bade their goodbyes. Neither the girls nor Jimmy made any reference to the incident, though his looks at them contained a different feel - as if he were really seeing them properly for the first time. All this flew over the head of the only child not present at the time, Ming.

****** 

The sudden resurface of these old memories shocked Ching. How had she not remembered till now? Was it so humiliating she had buried it back in the recesses of her memory? Perhaps.

She went back to their cabin to help set up. Mei was waiting for her. She whispered,"How does it feel to talk again with the guy who saw us both naked?"" So embarrassing! I just remembered!"

Mei gave her a funny look. "Just remembered? I've thought of little else since mum and dad announced the trip". "What! So you remember?"

"How can I not! A boy seeing me - us - naked! While he is fully clothed, and in fact is washing us, and towelling us off!"
"Shhh!"
"So embarrassing. And yet...." Her voice trailed off. "I must admit, it was exciting as well. Being naked in front of other girls is nothing, we've all got the same parts. But being naked in front of a boy... knowing he's not supposed to see us... But he is... and mum is just letting him! "
"Well that's in the past. And we were kids! We look different now, that's not going to happen again!"
"Well not for me maybe, but I'm not the one reunited with my boooyfrieeend'..."
Ching rolled her eyes. And yet maybe there was something to it. Perhaps something could rekindle. Certainly of Jimmy's initial reaction was anything to go by he still found her, or at least her legs, attractive.

******

The kids decided to go kayaking together while the adults were talking - as before they preferred physical activity to sitting around. The river had some public use kayaks around - it was basically an honour system, which more or less worked. The kayaks had some two person ones, and a few three person ones. Ching and her siblings proposed to divide the kayaks by family. Jimmy objected, worrying he would be too tired from pulling most of the weight if he went with Mary. It was decided that the fairest way to spread the load by gender - the guys together, and the girls making up for their lesser upper body strength by numbers. Theoretically, this made sense. What they hadn't quite counted on was the higher number of kayakers with the girls made things harder to coordinate. As sisters the two girls were pretty in sync, but try as she might poor Mary kept getting the timing wrong. At least she was pulling her weight in the rowing. It gave the girls an opportunity to get to know Mary as well. Mary was in the front, Ching at the back, and Mei in the middle. The kids decided to head for the islet in the middle of the river.

"You guys have known Jimmy koko for a long time yeah?" asked Mary.
"Yes, in fact the four of us used to play together all the time." answered Ching.
"The four - oh yeah, you mean Ming as well?"
"Yeah, he tagged a long too. You should get to know him, he should be about your age. You're what, 13?"
"Yes, I'm in Year 7 this year."
"Same with Ming too."
"Yeah...he's cute." murmured Mary, who immediately blushed, as if she didn't mean to say that out loud.

Mei glanced behind to Ching with raised eyebrows. She said teasingly "Hey, we know he doesn't have a girlfriend, maybe you can get to know him a LOT better!"
"N-No, I-I just noticed, that's all."
Mary turned around, continuing defensively," Besides, what about you two? Do you like Jimmy koko?"
"Oh no, he's not for me, he's for Chin che - right Ching?" Mei winked at Ching.

Ching laughed at that. Her sister could be such a troublemaker.
"Well your cousin is cute, I have no problems admitting that. I have to say he might have gotten better looking over the years."
"Really? So you and Jimmy koko might get together?"
"Slow down Mary, nothing's happening yet!"

They were nearly approaching the islet. Jimmy and Ming were already on shore and had pulled in their kayak. They were waving at the girls.

Mei interjected,"Well Mary, Ching che says that but consider this - when we were kids, your Jimmy koko saw Ching che naked!"
"Mei!" Ching cried out in astonishment. "Why are you telling her that? Besides, he saw you naked too!"

That was too much for Mary. She turned around suddenly, opened mouth.

" Wait, he saw you both NAKED?"

The sudden movement was too much for the unstable kayak. It overturned on the side that Mary had suddenly turned, and capsized, dumping the girls out with them. SPLASH! Luckily as they were both close to the islet, the water was shallow, but the girls were completely soaked to the skin. They were able to bring the kayak close to land, and the boys came in to help set the kayak.

Once that was done, Ching stepped away to attend to herself. She realised suddenly that all three of them were wearing thin white T-shirts, which the water had made pretty transparent, to the point it was obvious was Mary was not wearing a bra. This was not lost on Ming, who try as he might avert his eyes, kept flicking his gaze to her chest - nor on Mary, who was trying her best to cross her arms over her chest once she noticed. As for the two sisters, Ching was wearing a lacy black bra, and Mei a lacy pink one, both of which were pretty visible. Jimmy was doing a better job than Ming of pretending not to notice, though she was sure he did.

"Ah - CHOO!" sneezed Mary. The poor girl was shivering despite the warm day, being cold and wet from the dunking.
"Hmm," said Jimmy thoughfully. "Hey Ming, what say we go exploring the islet? It looks really nice. We'll leave the girls to dry off."
"Ok Jimmy koko. But why can't the girls come with us? They can dry on the way."
"Well the girls are probably tired from the kayaking and capsizing."
"What? But there were 3 of them, and two of us! I feel fine, so they should to."
"It's cause they're girls, they're weaker."
"That's sexist. My teacher said so, girls are just as good as boys."
"Look just trust me kid. You girls just want to stay right?"

Mei answered for them. "Sure Jimmy. We'll stay right here."
"Ok," said Ming, sounding unconvinced. He went off with Jimmy further into the islet. As soon as they were out of sight, Mei reached down to the end of her transparent T-shirt and pulled it above her head.

"Er Mei, what are you doing?" asked Ching, perplexed.
"Getting dry, what do you think? Don't you see what Jimmy is doing? He's giving us a chance to undress so we can get ourselves and our clothes dry. They'll never get dry if we're wearing them like this. Mary, you especially, you'll catch a cold."
"What????" squealed the young girl fearfully, clutching at her drenched, figure hugging white shirt. "Ah-CHOO!"
"You see? Your wet clothes are making you cold. You need to get them off. WE need to get our clothes off."
"Hang on Mei, let's think about this," said Ching nervously, glancing at the direction Jimmy and Mei went off.
"Oh, don't be babies," replied Mei. She'd already unbuttoned her shorts and stepped out of them. Reaching behind her back, she started to undo her bra. "It's just us girls here. We'll hear them coming back long before they see us."

Ching had to admit her younger sister was probably right. She was cold, and Mary looked very much worse for the wear. She sighed. "Alright then. But we'd better keep an eye out. Jimmy is not seeing me naked again!"

"Seeing us naked, che."
"Don't remind me. That was probably the formative sexual event of his early teens. He probably grew his first hair on his face that night."
"Not just his face!" giggled Mei.

Ching started stripping down as well. Seeing this Mary reluctantly started to follow suit, pulling her sopping wet T shirt over her bra-less chest. Mei already stood topless, the only shred of dignity left was her semi-transparent panties. She paused in thought for a bit, then started pulling that down as well. Ching hesitated, then followed suit. In for a penny, in for a pound. Mary did as well, her face reddening. The three naked Asian teens laid out their clothes on the branches of a nearby tree.

Ching did feel much warmer, now her wet clothes were off and she could feel the sun's rays on her body. On her entire body. It felt really weird to be buck naked, out in the open, not in an indoor shower or bathroom. It felt like anyone could come by at any time and see her like this, though of course she knew there was no one else around besides the two boys walking away from them. All the same, might as well enjoy it while they could.

They lay down on the soft sands of the beach, enjoying the sun. Suddenly Mary asked "Ching and Mei che, did Jimmy really see the two of you naked when you were kids?"
Inwardly Ching groaned. Wasn't this the thing that got them into this predicament in the first place? Mei cheerfully replied, "Sure did! We were showering and our mum got him to help us dry off!"
"She did? He dried you off with a towel? He touched you...around?
"He did, but he wasn't a jerk about it, quite gentlemanly actually. :
"She wasn't worried about a boy seeing you naked?"
"Hm...not sure about that. She might not have thought it would matter for kids."
"How old were you?"
"I was twelve and Ching was thirteen."
Mary was agape.

"I'm thirteen! I'd die if a boy saw me n-n-naked! Wasn't it embarrassing to be seen like that?"
Unconsciously Mary crossed her legs and her hand went to cover her budding breasts. Did her face get even redder, wondered Ching.
This time she answered. "It was the most humiliating experience of my life. A boy my own age seeing me naked, I couldn't hide anywhere, and my own mother asking him to dry my body off while naked. It wasn't a quick blink and you'd miss it either. He had a long good look at the both of us."
"Oh, I don't know." said Mei thoughtfully. "It was definitely embarrassing, the two of us completely naked like that and him staring at us while fully clothed. I have to say it was...exciting as well though."
"What! To be stared at like that?"
"No! Yes! I mean, there was a hunger in his eyes, you know, like his eyes were feasting on the sight. And there we were, two helpless girls. A girl could get to like that, being wanted like that."
Ching shook her head. Not unsurprising that Mei enjoyed the male attention. Perhaps it was this childhood event that was her sexual awakening too.

Ching closed her eyes. The warm weather, the beach, she felt completely relaxed. She started to doze off. The wind started to pick up. It was a gentle breeze at first, which gradually picked up. It didn't get cold as the wind was warm, but it did get a fair bit stronger as time went by. She opened her eyes gradually, grudgingly. Probably enough time for their clothes to be dry-ish and for them to get dressed, otherwise Jimmy and Ming would get an eye popping sight when they got back.

The other two were laying down on their fronts and chatting, their pert, round butts up in the air. Ching got up and walked to the tree branch where they left their clothes to get dressed. As she did, her heart sank. Their clothes were nowhere to be found. Not their shirts, not their shorts, nor any of their underwear, top or bottom. No bra, no panties. No socks either. Their shoes were there, which was something. But nothing else!

Desperately she looked around. No trace of them anywhere. She looked out at sea. Was that a glimpse of white? it was! One of their T-shirts was floating out to sea, way far out and getting further! Now she knew where to look, she could see bits of clothing floating around, a bra there, a pair of shorts a little bit off.
"Mei! Mary! Our clothes are gone! I think they're all floating in the ocean!"
The other naked girls got up in shock.
"What! Can we get them back?" asked Mary.
"I don't think so. They're way too far off! Look!"Ching pointed. The clothes they could see in the ocean were getting further and further away. It would be dangerous to swim that far - none of them were great swimmers.
The other two agreed. The three looked around as much as they could, hoping to find a scrap of clothing to cover their bodies. Nothing aside from the shoes.

The three nude girls sat glumly on the beach.
"What shall we do? The boys will be back at some point!" Mary wailed.
"Not much we can do. They'll see us, I guess. At least we'll have our shoes." replied Mei.
Ching snorted. "What, like that old James Bond movie we saw on TV last time?"
"Yeah, haha!" chuckled Mei.
"What are you two talking about?" asked Mary.
"It was a scene in a Bond movie. James Bond goes into a girl's hotel room, but she's having a bath. He goes inside, she's naked in the bath. For some reason she doesn't scream or something, they just talk. She asks him to give her something to wear, so she can come out without him seeing her. He hands over her sandals, then just sits on a chair and just waits for her to get out of the bath."
"Oh my God! He didn't leave?"gasped Mary, flushing, imagining herself naked in a bath with a boy there, just looking at her and waiting expectantly.
"Nope. It was quite funny actually. It must have been like, super old, they'd never get away with a scene like that nowadays. Can you imagine? It's like, I can't come out, I'm naked, you'll see me!"

Was it her did Mei seem just a little too excited? "We won't have to imagine. Jimmy will see us naked. Again!" said Ching.
"Not just Jimmy..."
"Oh craap. Ming......."
"It's alright for you two! They've both seen you naked before. No boy has seen me naked ever!" said poor Mary.
"They may not yet...the boys were wearing T-shirts and board shorts, weren't they?" asked Ching.
"Hey! Yeah, they were! They can lend us their shirts!" said Mei.
"But...there's two of them and three of us. Who'll get left out?" pointed out Mary.
The three girls fell silent. One of them would have to remain naked.
"Let Mary take one. She's super embarrassed as is," said Ching.
"Really? Oh thank you, thank you!" Mary was relieved.
"Erm...I can go naked...I think I can deal with it. It'll be a bit embarrassing, but it's ok." said Mei. Glancing at her older sister, she said, "Unless you're uncomfortable with ..." her voice trailing off.
Ching knew what her sister was referring to. Unless you're uncomfortable with me prancing around naked in front of a boy you kinda sorta maybe like, was how that sentence ended. Ordinarily it would make sense for Mei to be the one, Ching was more demure and modest, and Mei more daring in clothing choices - but Mei naked in front of Jimmy....."Let's decide in a bit. First let's find something to behind for when the boys come back. Otherwise they'll see us all naked!"
"Good point."

They went looking for their bits of cover. Rocks and trees. They positioned themselves, behind the obstacles, facing the direction the boys went off in. Presently they heard their voices. Jimmy's voice seemed unusually loud. Was he deliberately warning them they were coming? such a gentleman....

Ching peeked out from behind the rock she was hiding. "Hey......"
The two boys stopped. Jimmy 's eyes went traight away her slim, bare shoulders. "Hey...."
"Hey sis!" said Ming cheerfully. "We saw a lot of different shells!"
"That's nice."
"Erm, are you guys... ready?" asked Jimmy carefully.
"Yeah.... we kinda had a little...incident...."
"Right....."
At this the two other girls peeked out from behind their hiding places, a rock and a tree.
"Accident? What happened?" asked Ming.
Jimmy straightaway noticed the bare shoulders of the other two girls.
"Well...." Ching's voice trailed off, not knowing how to go about this.
Jimmy stifled a chuckle. "OK, let me ask an odd question: Are you guys wearing anything?"
Ming's eyes went wide as saucers. His eyes went to the shoulders, the glimpses of the bare legs.
Ching laughed nervously. "Heh heh ....no."
She explained the situation to the boys, the other two chiming in here and there. "And so....like, can you guys lend us your shirts? Otherwise, well, we're naked! And you're boys! And you shouldn't see us!"
Jimmy shook his head amusedly. "Well, seems like some things never change. Of course we'll lend you our shirts. Only problem..."
"Yeah, we know."
"So...."
Mei shot Ching a quizzical look.
Ching finally said, "Let the other two have the shirts. I'll be the one to come out n-n-naked." Oh great, she was doing a Mary impression. The boys took off their shirts and threw them to where the girls were. Mei's one was a little too far; she stretched her body out, giving the two boys a glimpse of side boob before ducking back into cover. Once (semi) dressed, the two girls came out, tugging the T-shirts down to preserve more of their modesty. The shirts covered just enough especially with the tugging, but they could do nothing about the view of their bare legs. Ming could barely keep his eyes off the blushing Mary.

They discussed the arrangements around the kayaks. Given what happened the last time, they changed the plan. The two (semi)clothed girls would go with Ming. Ching would go with Jimmy. It was time to go. Ching breathed hard. The moment of truth. She came out from behind the rock, one hand across her breasts, one hand covering her muff, and her face as red as a tomato. They had to pull out the kayaks to the sea, which meant the (half naked) girls had to forego tugging down their T-shirts to help out, giving the boys a better view of their legs as well as occasional glimpses of butt and muff whenever they raised they arms a little too high, always accompanied by a little squeal when they'd realised what they revealed. Of course their lower halfs were revealed to the boys when it came time to get on the boat, but it couldn't be helped. Mary was glad when it they were safely on board, though she realised she was giving Ming occasional glimpses of her butt as he was sitting directly behind her on the kayak.

Bad as it was for the (semi nude) girls, it was much worse for the fully naked one. Hand cover went out the window with hauling the kayak, revealing her completely naked frontal body to everyone there. Her red face continue to burn as she got on the kayak. At least Jimmy could only see her butt, and not her breasts and vag. They rowed on.

Ching broke the silence. "Guess you saw a lot more of me. Again."
Jimmy laughed. "And your sister. More of you, though."
"This is so humiliating."
"Don't be. Or maybe do. You look really cute when you're flustered like that."
Ching half turned around, remembering far too late the view she was presenting once again of her nipples.
"Cute?"
"Yeah...cute."
There was a moment of silence.
"Remember when you saw us both naked?"
"How could I forget?"
"Did you think we were cute then?"
He considered his response.
"Yes. Even before the shower. Not sure if I was conscious of it. But after that.."
"You saw us in a whole different light."
"How could I not? Two naked girls my age, in front of me, washing away the suds from their bodies.."
"Our mum is crazy! How can she expose her girls to a boy like that!"
"Maybe she was punishing you for getting dirty."
"Maybe."
"I did think you were cuter than your sister though."
"You did?"
"I still do. You blush very prettily."
"You like that?"
"Mmmm.... ever since I saw you both in the shower like that, I've thought about it. A girl..or two girls, blushing and naked and embarrassed, helpless and unable to get dressed, even though a boy is looking at them.."
"Oh! You pervert!" she laughed.
"Hey, you were the one who created this particular fantasy."
"I had no say in it, and neither did my sister!"
"Yes.... I think your sister might be slightly exhibitionist."
"What?"
"Or at least show some exhibitionist tendencies. She tends to dress skimpier than you, doesn't she?"
"Yes...although that's not saying much."
"She darted for the shirt just now. Ming and I could see her boobs. She didn't have to do that, we would have handed it over to her properly."
"Hmmm..."
"I think she wanted to be seen. By boys. That little incident might have had an impact on her as well."
"By turning her into an exhibitionist??"
"It turned you into cute demure girl who gets flustered when she's exposed, that much I can see. It might have turned her into an exhibitionist, someone who wants to be seen by boys. And it turned me into a guy who likes to see naked girls."
"That's all guys."
"Let me amend that. Naked girls who are embarrassed by their nakedness, particularly when there's a boy watching."
"...that's an oddly specific fetish. "
"It's one you gave me."
Ching laughed. She was feeling relaxed now, rowing and talking to her childhood friend, almost forgetting she was completely naked in front of him. Almost. She was dreading coming back to shore the other side.

"Ching....my family's moving back to Melbourne."
"You are? That's great!" She almost turned again, but remembered herself. No free looks!
"Yeah, we'll be able to see more of each other."
"You've seen plenty of me already!"
"You know what I mean."
He cleared his throat.
"This has been nice."
"Sure it has for you."
"Not just that, though yes, it has been. I mean being with you guys again, it's like old times. Being with you."
Her pulse quickened.
He continued, "Ching, you're not...seeing anyone right?"
"No.."
"Good."
Silence.
"Do you want to go out...with me?"
"...I'd really like a chance to answer that, once I'm in a less vulnerable position."
"Oh, come on, that doesn't make a difference to that question."
She paused. In a small, shy voice, she said, "I'd like that."
He breathed a sigh of relief. Had he been holding his breath?
"Well. We'll have to come up with a story as to how we got together. We can't tell people this. Or can we.."
"You'd better not!" she said, alarmed.
He laughed. He's been teasing. Ooo. Such a cheeky boy...friend. The beach was within sight. They got onto the kayak, a naked girl and a boy, and they would come out on the other side, a naked girlfriend and boyfriend. They got out of the kayak and pulled it onto shore. He got a look again, but she comforted herself that at least it was her now boyfriend and not just a boy seeing her. Her hands flew back to cover her body. The other three were already there. The two girls still had their hands tugging down their shirts with Ming trying his best not to look. The blush was still in their cheeks, Mary especially. Was her face redder than before? Why? At least she was partially covered.

Mei said, "Ching, Mary and I made a decision."
"What decision?"
"We totally appreciate what you did for us, taking the hit. We know it's embarrassing to be naked like that, but even worse to be the only girl naked in front of the boys."
"Don't worry about it."
"No, it's less embarrassing if it's shared. So...we'll join you."
"Huh?"
Suddenly the hands tugging the shirts down to cover their lower halfs were lifting them over their heads. They handed over the shirts over to the boys, who were staring agog.
"Thanks guys."
Ching burst out laughing. She uncovered her naked body and hugged the other two naked girls.
"You guys are crazy! The boys are looking!"
"Yeah, but at least they're looking at all three. It's less weird if it's all of us, don't you think?"
"Well I'm sure they're appreciative." She was acutely aware of the situation. Everyone present who was female, was naked. Everyone present who was male, had something on. It seemed so one sided and unfair...which in some ways made it so delicious. Was she wet down there? Were the other two girls? Jimmy must have been right about her sister, she decided.
"Come on, let's go to our cabins to get dressed, we don't want to explain this to our parents."
Laughing, the three naked girls went to the cabin hand in hand, letting the boys see.
Jimmy found his voice. "Wow, this had turned out to be some vacation."
"You said it, Jimmy -ko'' said Ming in wonderment. 

