This is a very first time i am sending my own incest experience in the form of story. i use to read this story site and just thought i should share my own experience too. by the way i m 28 years old boy, unmarried and use to live in Delhi with my parents . has 2 years elder sister.now she is married and spending happy life with her husband and kids. her name is Nisha. i do my own business.

Stories begun in just common way. it happened 6 years ago. my sister nisha was studying in shimla at that time. she is a really a hot lady and of course she was a hot girl at her time. fair color, sexy figure. she used to go to health club in regular way. her friends used to say her that she resembles to '' mehma choudary''. she was a simple girl. usually she dressed up salwar kameez and other traditional stuff. ( until i did't get it ) and our relation was very normal as usual.

Once my parents received a call of my sis from shimla that she need some financial help in form of money. there was a strike at her bank for next one week so she was in trouble by money. it was a weekend. my father asked me that i should go to her and bring money. i agreed. i would liked to go to shimla anyway. i have a friend there named pankul. he invited me many times but i never could find time for that. i called him that i would b there on weekend and he really got happy to hear that. he replied me that just come. we will do fun because his parents are out of town for next one week .i left from Delhi at Friday and i reached shimla in eve.

Shimla was such a nice city. i called to nisha that i would stay at pankul's place and i would come to her on Saturday. she replied that it is fine. pankul picked me up from airport and we went to his house. he has a nice house out of town. pankul was exited and saying me that it was realy a nice time that i choose to visit shimla. it will b a lot of fun today night. he arranged a small party in his house and there are another two of his friend are waiting for us. i replied him that it is just an coincidence that i need to meet my sis immediately. so i had to make a visit. he actually did't meet my sis ever.

We arrived at his house. there were two boys already there named param and anwar. param was a very heavy boy weight about 95 kg. he looked alike a wrestler. they gave me a very nice welcome and i went to take shower and got fresh. in mean time pankul brought wine and nice dinner from restaurant. all we were sitting together and having a nice time, fresh weather, nice dinner and wine. i got relaxed there.

It was around 7: pm. pankul asked to anwar that he should go and bring a surprise. anwar said okay and left with pankul's car.

"What surprise" ? i asked to pankul.

"See, just in 20 minutes" he winked to me.

"Hmmmm ! '' i replied and asked them that i wanna have a little walk down to road. so i will b back in 30 mints. pankul said me that go and just come back. i started a very smooth and calm walk aside a road. it was really a quite nice weather there.

I came back in 30 mints and entered in siting room. three of them were sitting there in random and relaxed way . i surprised to see that a porn movie was running on T.V.

"Was this a surprise"? i asked them .

"Oh man, this is just a time pass. real surprise is in bathroom" param replied.

Someone was in bathroom. sudden it was a power cut.

"Oh shit, anyway it will b back in 15 mints" pankul uttered.

I was sitting on couch. it was dark but not as much that we could't see each other . light was coming inside by window from street lamp.

Sudden bathroom's door opened and a girl came out.

''Hey brother, it is a paid surprise. rita, just sit on his lap and make him feel that how much horny slut you are.'' said pankul and fingered towards me.

The girl came towards me ad sit on my lap. she was just dressing a bra and underwear.. she sat in my lap in that way that her legs got spread in both sides. she was really a hot girl.

''Oh my god''. i got really excited by that. it was like a heaven. i did not expect that it would b so nice surprise. she started rubbing her breast to my face. her act was so professional. she was drunk as i could feel by her breaths.. she was giving a very nice fragrance of perfume. she started to give me a deep kiss. i was on seventh sky. my both hands started moving on her sexy body. i reached her sexy boobs and removed her bra. her both solid And heavy boobs were really erected. she was kissing me deeply in my tight embarrassed.

Sudden power came and room showered in light.

Oh fuck, this naked and hot girl sitting on my erected cock in my lap was my sis '' NISHA''.

Time just stopped for us. for 15 seconds wew were just watching each other with full opened eyes. i did't know how to react. it was same for nisha.

''Hey anwar, it is your turn now. i m just back in 10 minutes''. i said to anwar and stood up. just somehow kept control upon myself i entered in bathroom . anwer gave a hard slap on nisha's butt and took her to bed.

Oh my god. it was my sister. my family think she is studying in shimla. ohhhhhhhhhhh ! she was having a fun just for sex satisfaction. she never had any problem with money. and worse thing that what i should do now. i can't go out.

Five minutes passed and i still be kept myself on standmode like a stone in baathroom.

I had to decide and i did. i came out. nisha was laying on bed facing the ceiling and anwer was licking her pussy.

''Why you are getting so unhorny''? anwar asked nisha.

''She is thinking that how to get four cocks together''. i tried to smile and replied to him. nisha gave me a look and she was really nervous. i winked her that she must know that we have to hide our relation. by that she got calm down. she was totally naked now. her fucking hot body was just inviting.

I took a glass of wine and drunk it neatly. i prepared a second glass of wine and served it to nisha. i whispered in her hear that i will fuck u hard tonight. she gave me a smile and real game was begun.

In 10 minutes five of us were naked on bed.

Nisha came into her professional attitude and handled four cocks together. first she gave a blowjob to everyone.

Then she made a doggy style pose and i was down of her. very slightly she took my cock inside her. she was smiling to me.

''Anwar, ride me . i need your cock inside my ass'', first time she said something .

My cock was already inside her pussy. anwar entered his cock inside her ass and a real fucking session was started.

''Ohhhh........ fuck me hardly, just fuck me from both side'', she started yelling .

Her boobs were dancing in same rhythm as we were fucking here. anwar was slapping her butts hardly and she was really enjoying that.

I forgot who she was. i just remember that she was a hot and sexy girl and being fucked by me.

This fucking session went till 30 mints. then pankul and param came in same positions. param was fucking her so hardly that she was about to cry. first fucking session finished in 1 hour.every one was little relaxing. naked nisha was sitting in my lap and i was playing with her boobs.

''You like like so much ,hmmm ?'', param asked her.

Yeah, of course''. nisha replied.

''He is hot and cute boy'', her eyes were naughty.