Football Flag
by Drew

It was fall, thanksgiving weekend. I was in college living in the dorm. I love to played football. These guys I know always have a Thanksgiving Day game they play in. They call it the turkey bowl. There is a park near the campus and the guys bring in bales of straw to put on the sidelines to sit on and we have drinks and food. It's a lot of fun. There were around 8 guys that were gonna play and they asked if I knew any girls that wanted to join in and it could be co-ed. I knew a few so I brought them. We divided up the teams, 4 guys and 2 girls on each team. On my team was a friend of mine named Janie. She was a lot like me. A tomboy who had a boyish body. You know, slim with small boobs and a butt like a 14yr old boy. WE both loved sports and we were pretty good. 

Our team got behind early and we had problems catching up. One problem we had was both Janie and i were wearing shorts with elastic waist bands and the flags almost fell out, so it didnt take much to get them to come out. At halftime we were getting something to drink along with the rest of the players. Some friends of ours had brought drinks and some snacks. There were about 10 boys and girls just there to watch. Janie told me to go with her to the restroom they had in the park. When we got inside, Janie tells me to tie my flag to my underwear, that way it wont come out as easy. 

I asked "what if they pull so hard our panties come off?" 

"They won't come off" she assured me "They won't have that good of a grip." 

Well, since our drinks had some alcohol in them, it seemed like a pretty good idea at the time and I hate to lose. We were behind and needed an edge. 

We got back to the game. I caught a long pass and the girl defending me grabbed my flag but it came right outa her hand and i made a touchdown. A guy thought he had Janie on an end around run but the flag just slipped thru his fingers. After we took the lead Janie and i thought this is a great idea. Then the quarterback threw a short pass to Janie and she tried to juke a guy but he grabbed her flag and held on. She got a super wedgie and was brought down. The guy got up still holding the flag and Janie's undies were sticking outa her shorts still hooked to the flag. 

"CHEATER!!!" the guy yelled. "You've got the flag tied to your underwear." 

All the players gathered around poor Janie still laying on the ground, her butt up with her panties sticking outa her shorts. They were being pulled up by the flag the boy was still holding. 

"What we gonna do with this cheater?" 

One of the girls on the other team named Phoebe said, "I say we take her flag away, and since it's still hooked to her panties we take them away, too." 

"Whoa, no please dont take my panties away! We're sorry and we promise we wont do it again." 

I winced. 

"Did she say ....WE?" someone asked. 

And at that second, I felt a woosh and my shorts were on the ground. Someone had pantsed me to the delight of all the players and fans. I quick tried to grabb them but somebodys foot was on them. My flag, still dangleing from my panties, was the smoking gun. 

"Just as I thought. It seemed really weird when I grabbed ur flag it didn't come out," the other girl said. 

"Well, looks like we take Drew's panties too." 

"Yeah, I hate cheaters!" 

"Me too!" 

They all agreed they hated cheaters and we had ruined their game. "Sorry , I just think panties aren't enough. We need your shorts, too." Phoebe said very loudly. 

"What? no please," we both begging for our clothes. "OMG don't take our panties and shorts". 

"And those sweat shirts" 

The people on the side lines were yelling for more. They were yelling for all our clothes to be taken from us. 

" More? You want more?" Phoebe asked the spectators. 

"YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH " they all screamed "TAKE IT ALL. STRIP THEM NAKED." "THEY DESERVE TO BE NAKED. IT'S THE PRICE YA PAY FOR CHEATING!" 

I can't even describe the feeling I had when the fans were all screaming that they were gonna take all our clothes away from us, that they wanted us completely naked, here in the middle of the park, in front of everyone. 

"You can't do this. It isnt right, please dont." 

"The hell we can't," and they started pulling off Janie's shoes and socks at one end and her sweatshirt and bra at the other. They pushed me to the ground, and no matter how i struggled I couldn't stop them from pulling my clothes from my body. Even my own team mates were helping. Our clothes were flying everywhere and soon we both were totally bare-ass naked. Some one gathered up our clothes and took them over to the straw bales where all the spectators sat. They were all laughing and whistling and yelling all kinds of comments. They stood us up. We were complelely naked. We tried to cover ourselves but they held onto our arms two on each side and walked us over to the sidelines so all the spectators could get an up close and personal look at our bare bodies. 

"Here's what cheaters look like" and the whistles and catcalls increased. They walked us down the line of people and everyone got a feel or squeeze or slap. I was so red faced and humiliated being shown off like that, but of course we both were getting a tingle out of it, too. 

It had started when they first said they were gonna take our panties away and built from there. I couldn't help it. I was getting aroused thru the whole ordeal and Janie was practically dripping. She kept rubbing her thighs together. I could tell she was so turned on. 

"OK, do we give them there clothes back yet?" 

"NOOO, They havent been punished enough for being bad." 

"And how do we punish bad girls?" 

The whole crowd yelled in unison, "SPANK THEM!!!!!" 

Oh no, we were gonna get our asses spanked right here. Janie almost had an orgasum when she heard that. It was her dream come true and now she was living it. I, on the other hand, really wasn't that hot on it since im not into pain and public humiliation....or at least I thought i wasn't. 

They pulled us both over some guys laps. Her guy was the biggest guy there. Mine was the hottest guy there. I had been trying to get his attention since I first saw his hunky ass, but this wasn't exactly how I had planned to do it. I was gonna smile at him, lick my lips, toss my hair, maybe touch his arm when i told him what a good player he was. I wasn't going get naked and crawl up into his lap and put my ass in his face, but who knows? This might work, too. 

The first swat stung bad and the following ones even more. I don't know how many people got to spank me but my ass was so sore and red. But at the same time I was getting really stimulated, I was soaking wet just like Janie. 

I couldn't help myself, when my handsome spanker was between smacks, just before he brought the next one down, I spread my legs and he slapped me right on my pussy and butthole. I almost came right then. He told the crowd how wet I was and everyone laughed. It didn't bother him much cuz he smacked my pussy a few more times. I heard Janie yell out in her aroused state, "I'M GONNA CUM, I'M GONNA CUM! The big guy picked her up and sat her on the straw bale. 

"Your not gonna cum all over me" 

Janie couldn't believe it. She was so close, just a couple more spanks and she would have splooged all over. Well, Janie was not gonna lose a chance to blow her wod and she started spanking and rubbing her pussy right in front of everyone, legs spread wide apart and started moaning "oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah" and in seconds a gush of love juice sprayed out of her vagina. The crowd loved it , but not as much as Janie did. 

I didn't have the guts to masturbate in public, but I didn't have too cuz the hunky guy spanking my poor red butt started just spanking me between my legs. He knew just how, where and how hard to do it to make me cum. I spread my legs as wide as I could and started with the oh oh oh oh thing. It didn't take long for me to cum either. 

Every one seemed satisfied that we had payed the price for our sins and they let us get up, wipe up and get dressed. Oh and the hunky guy asked me out. Maybe I'll try that aproach more often. 

As we walked home, I looked at Janie's face. There was a very satisfied smile across her face. 

"You planned this didn't you?" 

"I told Phoebe what I was gonna do and when they caught me, to suggest stripping me. Guys can't resist a good stripping." 

"Great, but why drag me into it?" 

"I knew you would enjoy it as much as I would. You did didn't you?" 

She was right. As I look back i loved every minute of it. of course at the time I didn't. and to top it off I got a date with hunky guy.
