My name is Teresa andI have an obsession with vibrators and
other sex toys. I own 78 different dildo's and 26 vibrators of
many different sizes and shapes. Some of them are smooth and made
of hard materials like metal or glass. Other's are made of a
slick rubbery substance. I even have one that is made of wood. A
couple of the dildos are ridiculously large and I have never even
managed to get them inside me. The vibrator collection has
everything from the original 'honeypot' vibrator to the more
modernvibrators with rotating beads that massage the entrance,
an offset head that massages deep inside, and a clitoris tickler.
I love all of them and use them regularly. I even have a
vibrating 'egg' that I can fully insert and use during the day
while I'm at work. I have had many orgasms while sitting at my
deskthanks tothat wonderful device. The largest vibrator I own
is 'Big Red', a semi transparent, large red vibrator which is
quite firm but still has some flex in it. Big Red is about ten
inches long and two inches in diameter, roughly the diameter of a
can of beer or soft drink. I have frequently tried to get Big Red
inside me but without success. I have a few dildos not much
smaller that I have succeeded with so I know it's only a matter
of time.

I also havethree 'fucking machines'. For those of you who don't
know what a "fucking machine' is, it's basically any kind of
mechanical device designed to push a vibrator or dildo in and out
automatically. My first two 'Fucking Machines' were piston types.
They required a lot of maneuvering on my part to get into just
the right position so that the attached dildo could pump in and
out of me without going too deep. The firstmachine I had to lay
on the floor between my legs and it just pushed a dildo backwards
and forwards at variable speeds. The second one was more
advanced. It was more adjustable and I could use it lying down or
I could get on my hands and knees and let it pump into me from
behind. With both of them I had to adjust my body to be in the
right position. If I moved too far back on the withdrawal, it
would hurt me as it went too deep on the next thrust. They were
fun but awkward and I used them regularly untilI got 'The
Saddle'.

'The Saddle' is a brilliant bit of engineering. To look at from a
distance, it is very much like a horse's saddle. It is made of
leather and even has a saddle horn on the front to hold on to.
That's about where the resemblance ends. You can either straddle
the saddle on the floor, much like a girl would straddle a lover
who was lying on his back, or if you prefer standing you can
extend the legs. 'The Saddle' has a hole in the seat about two
inches wide and four inches long. Some mechanism inside the
saddle thrusts an attached dildo or vibrator upwards at a bit of
an angle. As the dildo comes out it squeezes through a sponge
like material just inside the hole at the top of the saddle. The
sponge is soaked with a lubricant from a small well that can be
topped up easily, so no matter how long I stay in the saddle
lubrication is not a problem.

The angle of penetration is adjustable from controls on the front
of the saddle. So is the minimum and maximum depths of each
thrust. You can adjust the speed from dead stop to about two
thrusts per second. You can even set a program that will start
off slow and shallow and build up to a faster, deeperpace over a
period of time. That one is my favorite. Best of all is I can
change the attached vibrator in a matter of seconds. The back of
the saddle opens up and the main mechanism slides out. A simple
spring loaded clip holding the vibrator in place comes undone
easily. Put the next vibrator in it's place and snap the clip
closed again. Slide the mechanism back in and switch the power
back on and the newly attached vibrator is ready for use. The
first time I used it I had to make a few adjustments, but now I
just throw my leg over and settle into a comfortable position.
Being out of position by only a few inches can be painful once
the machine starts going so a small lap belt ensures that I
settle into the usual spot. I press the power button and my joy
ride begins.

Before I go on I should tell you I do have plenty of sex with men
as well. I don't have a boyfriend as such but I do have a few
lovers. It's hard to put an exact figure on how many because it
varies but I'm regularly seeing about fifteen men at the moment.
It's a rare night that I don't have a date and my dates usually
get laid before we go out as well as after. If they are very
lucky and the opportunity arises, I might even let them fuck me
during the date as well. I enjoy sex, in fact most people would
say I am oversexed,but I don't usually cum from being fucked.
Sometimes the menstay the night, sometimes they don't. I prefer
it if they don't stay because then I can break out my favorite
fucking machine and have a real orgasm after they've gone,
instead of the fake orgasms I usually have to satisfy their
fragile male egos.

This one particular Friday nightI was supposed to be going out
with Anthony. He called me up late that afternoon and asked if I
would mind him staying home that night. He had a few friends over
that he hadn't seen for a while. I was a bitmiffed at him
cancelling but Anthony is a great lover and I had been seeing him
from time to time for over a year and he had never cancelled
before so I was understanding. Then I had an excellent idea. I
invited Anthony to come over my place and bring his friends with
him. We could turn it into a party.

I'm not an idiot and I knew what I was setting myself up for.
Someone with my sex drive in a private party with nothing but men
at my house was likely to turn into a sex party. I wasn't new to
the gangbang scene and while I didn't do it every week, I had
been gangbanged over a dozen times before. The largest group of
men I had ever taken on was seven. That was a good night but I
still didn't cum and had to resort to riding my fucking machine
to get myself off after the men had left. In hindsight I probably
should have asked Anthony how many friends he was going to be
bringing over. I was thinking it would be two or three but I was
surprised, and a little bit worried when Anthony turned up with
fifteen friends. It was some kind of school reunion thing.

The party kicked off and we were all having a good time. Being
the only woman there,I was getting lots of attention which is
fine with me. I was wearing a black dress that was very low cut,
showing off plenty of my ample cleavage. The dress was quite
short and barely covered my bum when standing straight. Bending
over would certainly give anyone behind me an eyeful, especially
since I was wearing a G string. The high heeled shoes set the
ensemble off nicely and I was a knockout, if I do say so myself.
Anthony was getting very flirty with me, kissing me and sliding
his hands up my dress and squeezing my bare bum. It was pretty
obvious he wanted to turn this party into a gangbang and I was
considering it, but the thought of sixteen cocks had me both
excited and a bit scared. Once you get a gangbang started it's
almost impossible to stop, so if things start to get painful you
just have to ride it out. Fortunately I had never had any major
problems in my previous gangbangs so I was pretty sure I could
take them all on.

A few of the other men followed Anthony's example and I was
getting felt up a lot. It didn't matter which couple of guys I
was standing between, at least one of them had the courage to go
for a feel and when I didn't object they got braver and hands
started wandering to my bum or even my breasts. One of the men
pulled me onto his lap as he was sitting on the couch. I had my
arm around his shoulders and he was kissing my neck as his hand
was stroking the inside of my leg. Anthony was standing nearby as
the man whose lap I was sitting on, slid his hand all the way up
my skirt and started rubbing my cunt through the material of my G
string. His other arm was around my waist and he raised it higher
to massage between my shoulder blades. As he was doing that he
slipped my dress offone shoulder and the strap fell down, baring
my left breast for all to see. When I didn't make any move to
cover up, he took his hand out from beneath my dress and started
playing with my tit.

I was sitting almost sideways on his lap and my legs were
extended to the right, where another man was sitting who was more
than happy to take over cunt rubbing duties. Pretty soon I had
one man kissing, squeezing and sucking on my left tit as another
was slipping his finger under my G string and getting it wet
inside me. He pulled my G-string completely offand openedmy
legs wide to give himself better access, then started fingering
me in earnest. The man whose lap I was on, slipped my dress off
the other shoulder and I let it fall down around my waist. The
rest of the men had gathered closer and were occasionally
reaching out for a feel as theother two men were sucking on my
tits and fingering me.

A few minutes later the man fingering me dropped his trouser
around his ankles and pulled me on top of him. I straddled him
and settled onto his hard and ready cock. He slipped into my wet
cunt easily and I started riding him. I had some reservations
again about taking on so many men but I knew I was approaching
the point of no return and decided to commit myself. I asked one
of the men to tie my hands behind my back. He happily donated his
tie to the cause and soon had me restrained. Then I asked him to
gag me so I couldn't change my mind. He looked surprised and
asked if I was sure. I said yes and shortly after I was gagged,
with my hands tied behind my back as I rode my first cock for the
night.

The man I was riding had a nice hard cock and he was thoroughly
enjoying having a near naked woman, bound and gagged and riding
up and down on his cock. He held me firmly around the waist and
fucked me as hard as he was able from a sitting position. A few
minutes later he gave a loud groan and pumped his cum inside me.
I had to be helped up because my hands were tied behind me and I
quickly assumed the same position over the cock of the man whose
lap I had originally been sitting on. Things went much the same
as the first man and soon I had a second load of cum inside my
cunt. I rode the third man in the same way but I was starting to
get tired. My leg muscles were aching and before he had finished
I had to give up. He and a couple of the other men moved me to a
different position. They bent me over the couch and knelt on the
floor behind me. With my hands still tied behind my back I
couldn't brace myself and every thrust into my cunt, pushed my
face into the couch. I was loving it. The man fucking me was
really pounding into me and it was only a few minutes before he
came.

The next half a dozen men took me in the same position. Cock
after cock invaded my cunt and deposited their cum inside, except
for one man who wore a condom. I was moved from being bent over
the couch to being bent over the kitchen table so the men could
fuck me standing up.Five or six more men had me in that position
and I was really getting sopping wet. Cum was running down my
legs and one of the men untied my hands and gave me a towel to
clean myself up. I wiped away as much of the cum as I could and
even tried to push more out as I had the towel between my legs.
The moment I put the towel down the men tied my hands again, this
time in front of me which was a relief on my shoulders.

The next man to fuck me laid me on the kitchen table and stood at
one end. he lifted my legs over his shoulders and guided his cock
into my cunt. His hands gripped my legs firmly around mid thigh
and pulled me into him with every thrust. He really gave it to me
hard. he hard a large cock and he was slamminginto me as if he
was trying to hurt me. I had taken larger cocks than his before
though and the dozen ormore men who had screwed me before him
had really loosened me up. He seemed to be having a hard time
reaching an orgasm and he screwed me for a long time. I thought
he was never going to cum but eventually he quickened his pace
and started slamming into me even harder than before and I knew
he was getting close. When he finally came he let out a loud
groan and emptied his balls inside me.

When he finished, no one immediately moved up to take his place
and I thought it was over. I reached up to take out my gag but
Anthony stopped me. he said "You're not done yet" as he untied my
hands and then retied them behind my back. Anthony knew I never
came from having sex and he had seen my vibrator and dildo
collection many times. We had used many of them together on
several occasions. Anthony took me into my bedroom and some of
the men followed him. They couldn't believe it when he opened my
drawers and showed them how many vibrators I had. Anthony told
the other men I could only cum when I used a vibrator, thenhe
laid me face down on the bed and picked one of the larger
vibrators and started inserting it into me. The men in the room
were all laughing and joking and waving my artificial cocks
around. Two of them were having a sword fight with two large
rubber cocks as I was gettingfucked by Anthonyusing a large
vibrator. It wasn't working though. Anthony just didn't know
where to touch or how hard to press or how long to hold it there.
I am the only one who can bring me off.

The men tried dozens of different vibrators and dildos on me.
Every man in the room seemed to be holding at least one vibrator
or dildo and was keen to give it a go. Over the next half hour I
had half my collection shoved up my hole for at least afew
thrusts each but it still wasn't doing any good. I was enjoying
the sensations but there was no buildingtowards orgasmhappening
at all. I was nowhere near orgasm and Anthony knew it. That's
when he decided to move me to the saddle. He showed the other men
how the saddle worked and they had a great time laughing at this
vibrator thrusting up from the hole in the saddle.Anthony
brought the saddle out to the middle of the bedroom floor and
helped me down into position. As I settled into my usual
position, Anthony did up the belt across my lap that held me in
the right spot. He switched on the machine and the vibrator
started it's motion. At first it was just a shallow thrust barely
pushing between the lips of my cunt but every thrust took it
slightly deeper. I wriggled in position as much as I could and
had it going in just the right spot. As the vibrator got deeper
and deeper I felt myself building towards an orgasm. When it
reached maximum depth the speed started to increase and I sat
there straddled across the saddle with an eight inch vibrator
pushing into me at high speed. I threw back my head and had an
earth shattering orgasm which is when I would normally reach down
and turn the machine off but my hands were tied so the machine
just kept on pumping. I screamed inabsolute pleasurable torment
as I had another orgasm and then another while the unthinking
machine kept on thrusting.

After I had had three or four orgasms Anthony turned off the
machine. The vibrator withdrew into the body of the saddle as the
machine was switched off and I collapsed in exhaustion as I
hunched forward, still restrained by the belt. Anthony and a
couple of the other men were behind me and a few seconds later I
realised what they were up to. They were changing vibrators. I
wasn't sure if I could handle another session like that last one
so soon and shook my head to indicate 'no more' but they ignored
me and switched the machine on again. I looked down between my
legs and could see the vibrator beginning it's cycle. It was the
'Black Mamba'. A large black rubber vibrator about nine inches
long and thicker than the one they had just removed. I had used
it before many times and knew I could handle it but Anthony
didn't seem to realise that the depth had to be adjusted if you
put a longer vibrator in the machine. They hadn't done that so
when this one started up it was already touching my lips on the
back stroke and it wasn't long before it was pushing deeper
inside me than I felt comfortable with. I still had another
couple of orgasms though and it drove me into a frenzy with it's
mechanical refusal to stop after I came.

There was only a couple of men left in the room now and I
couldn't hear much noise coming from outside in the lounge room.
I guess most of the guys had got bored watching me and called it
a night. I had definitely had enough for one night. Fifteen fucks
with fifteen different cocks, thirty or forty vibrators and
dildos shoved inside me, and two rides on the fucking machine had
exhausted me. The two men left in the room were fiddling around
at the rear of the saddle again and I screamed into my gag as I
tried to tell them no more. They either didn't understand me or
just didn't care. They wanted to watch me ride again. As they
slid the mechanism back into the saddle and switched it on, I
looked down and saw red. They had attached 'Big Red' to the
fucking machine. I knew I couldn't handle this monster and I
screamed at the men and shook my head as I desperately tried to
get them to understand that it was too big. The men were either
drunk or sadistic or both. They laughed as they saw the look of
panic on my face and didn't seem to understand or care that this
could really hurt me.

I could only move a little with the belt holding me in place. By
pushing up as hard as I could against the belt and letting it cut
into the meaty part of my thighs I could raise myself perhaps two
inches but that's all. Even with me raised up that full two
inches, Big Red wasnudging at my vagina before it even started
thrusting. As the cycle began I could feel the strong vibrations
from Red all through me. Every thrust took it a small fraction
deeper and within a minute or two my cunt was already starting to
feel stretched. The head wasn't even inside me but I was being
stretched to the maximum. Another thirty seconds passed and I was
being stretched so tight I was sure I was going to tear. Every
time I was sure the next thrust would be the one to tear me apart
and suddenly the head of big red made it past my ring. As Big Red
withdrew I was pulled back down with it and as my bum was pressed
hard into the saddle, Big Red kept on withdrawing and I was
stretched to the maximum again asthe headwas pulled out. A
second or two later and I was pushed up once more and once again
Big Red forced it's way past my ring. The thrusting kept on for
ever and each time it got deeper but now that I had adjusted to
the thickness the pain was starting to lessen. I was even
starting to enjoy the sensation of being so incredibly full.

The two men watched me for a while as I was fucked by this
monster vibrator but then went out of the bedroom and left me
there as the machine reached full penetration and started picking
up speed. Picture something the thickness of a coke can but twice
as long being thrust all the way into you abouttwice every
second and you will have some idea of what was happening to me. I
had never had anything this thick or this deep inside me before
and it was like losing my virginity all over again. This
continued for the full fifteen minute cycle before finally coming
to a dead stop as the cycle ended. Big Red pulled all the way out
of me and the pain as my sorely stretched ring contracted was
excruciating but at least it was over. I had never completed a
full fifteen minute cycle before as I always switched it off
after I came, so I had no idea that what happened next was going
to happen. The machine started the cycle again. It was on a
repeat pattern that I didn't even know existed. I hadn't seen or
heard any of the men for over ten minutes and as I started to get
fucked slowly by Big Red again I screamed from behind mygag as
loudly as I could but nobody answered. I struggled to get my
hands free but the knots were tight. Where was Anthony? I knew he
wouldn't leave me like this.

The full cycle repeated again and again as I squatted exhausted
and unable to move over the saddle. My cunt was stretched so much
that I could now handle Big Red without too muchdifficulty but
despite the lubricant,I was getting a bitsore. That got even
worse asthefucking machine went through anothereight cycles.I
very nearly passed out and in a daze Ifelt the machine being
switched off and Anthony untying me. He was very apologetic but
explained that he had had too much to drink and fallen asleep on
the couch. All the men had gone home while he was asleep and left
metied up and riding the fucking machine. I had been on that
machine for over three hours justsince Big Red had been
attached, plus all the sessions before that with other vibrators
and dildos.I was well and truly fucked!

It was weeks before my cunt felt like it had returned to normal.
For the first time since I wasfifteen, I went more than a week
without getting laid, but I soon got better. Nothing has really
changed. I still ride my machine to get off and I use Big Red now
and again. I have removed that belt though and never let anyone
tie me up anymore. I haven't had a gangbang since that night
either and it's been over six months now.

Maybe it's time to get a few guys over!



Hi! If you like my stories, or even if you don't, please give me
some feedback. I would love to hear from you.

alisonames@live.com
