Maid Service (mc, md, mf)
Q. Daphne <qda@mindless.com>
This story may be distributed via any on-line medium, so long as no one is 
charged any amount for access to the story, and the above e-mail address and 
this disclaimer are retained verbatim.
Copyright  1998 Q. Daphne A.



Katie unlocked the door to the apartment, opening it with a shove. "Hello?" she 
called out, awkwardly squeezing through with her basket of cleaning supplies in 
one hand, and four handled shopping bags in the other. As she expected, only 
silence greeted her as she put her burden down in the entry hall, and kicked the 
door closed behind her with her sneaker-clad foot. She picked up the shopping 
bags, stuffed with new clothes, and tucked them out of the way. Grabbing the 
cleaning basket, she trotted into the kitchen.
There was a note pinned to the refrigerator, as always. "Hi, Katie! Sorry for 
the mess in the sink... we had guests. Laundry's in our hampers, and could you 
dust in the living room? Thanks, R&D&J." Robert, Dave, Jason. She smiled; they 
were nice guys, although not the least bit interesting to her, any of them. It's 
not that they weren't cute, or anything, just not her type; she could never 
understand why they never seemed to have girlfriends. Clearly not gay, the way 
they oggled her, although they were perfect gentlemen otherwise. They certainly 
got along well; she'd never seen three men with fewer arguments or disputes.
She examined the sink, overflowing with dirty pots, pans and dishes, without 
enthusiasm. She poked at the stack gingerly with one newly-manicured nail; as 
she feared, most of it had started to harden. Hours of scrubbing. Ah, well, she 
sighed to herself, that's what she got paid to do... and she could use the extra 
hour or so of income. Or three hours, she thought, staring at the dishes.
Well, stalling won't get anything done, she chided herself, as she walked into 
the living room and turned on the stereo. That was one very nice part of this 
particular job; the Three Boys (as she called them) had a killer sound system. 
Since she usually started on their place around noon, no neighbors to complain 
about the volume; everyone's at work.
As the classical music filled the three-bedroom apartment, she set to sorting 
the laundry from the hampers. At least I've gotten them trained to leave it in 
the hampers so I don't have to go spelunking under their beds anymore, she 
mused, as piles of whites, darks, colors started to form on the living-room 
floor. Her train of thought drifted as she worked her way through the clothing. 
Why did I have to get a manicure this morning, she thought? It's going to be a 
pain with all of those dishes. And why did I go crazy on new clothes, especially 
clothes like those? It's not like a 22-year-old woman fresh out of college, 
cleaning houses for a living, can afford that kind of luxury, she admonished 
herself. Still, she thought, raising her hand, now ornamented with long, 
blood-red nails, they look great. I don't know why I never thought to get 
artificial nails before.
Laundry sorted and started, she started in on the kitchen. Good thing I don't 
have any clients after this place, she thought, scrubbing at a particularly 
nasty stain. And I'm doing something tonight, right? Her cute face scrunched up 
in a look of puzzlement. A date? She laughed out loud. No date, that's for sure. 
Every since she gave Kevin the heave-ho last week, men in general had looked 
about as appealing as salamanders. It was a stupid fight, but she was just tired 
of his comments, his attitude... really, just tired of him. She took the 
opportunity to break it off, but it had been coming for a month. At least.
Two CDs later, in the bathroom, she sprayed cleaner on the mirror, wiping it 
down. Slowly, her motions stopped, and she stared at her reflection. Well, she 
thought, why shouldn't I go on a date? I'm attractive enough. Her large green 
eyes returned her gaze, framed by the wisps of dark-blonde hair which had 
escaped from her bun. A little makeup, and different clothes, she thought, 
looking at her grungy t-shirt and jeans, and I could be quite a looker.
She shook her head. What's all that about? she thought, going downstairs to 
retrieve the laundry. She laughed, as she realized that she was mentally arguing 
with herself. In a moment of whimsy, she started talking to herself, just to 
fill the silent laundry-room, away from her music.
"So, what's the problem? You're cute, you've got a good figure, so stop acting 
like you don't!"
"C'mon. And impress who?"
"Yourself. You bought all that stuff, try it on!"
"Here?"
"Why not? They never get home before 6pm. You have hours!"
"Uh..." She realized that she didn't really have a good argument. OK, fine, 
fine, self, she said, I'll do it. I'll feel like a fool, but I'll do it.
She carried the laundry-basket back upstairs, and sat down in the middle of the 
living-room. She started sorting the clean clothes, spacing out, letting the 
music wash over her, letting her mind drift as she worked.
An hour later, she was standing in the bathroom again, adjusting the temperature 
of the shower. She closed the sliding door, waiting for it to warm up as she 
reached back and undid her bra. She arched her back, rubbing the lines of the 
bra, letting her heavy breasts fall free. She lifted them, turning one way and 
then another in the full-length mirror on the inside of the door. "Not bad," she 
said to herself. "I can't believe that I actually thought about getting them 
reduced." She had been intending to have the surgery. They had seemed always so 
disproportionate; her tall, very slim frame made them look even larger than they 
were... and, with a 34" chest and a DD or larger cup since she was 16, they were 
plenty big. A couple months ago, she had made an appointment to see a doctor, 
but she had cancelled it at the last minute. "Nope, they stay," she giggled to 
her reflection, pleased that they still hadn't acquired many stretch marks. 
Still nice and perky, she thought with a smile; religious bra-wearing had its 
benefits.
She slid her white cotton panties off, adding to the pile of clothes. It felt 
good to get out of those filthy rags. She delicately tugged at her pubic hair, a 
heavy blonde thatch. She shook her head, and reached into her purse, pulling out 
a small pair of shears. Confirming that she also had a new razor, she sat down 
on the toilet, and started trimming. No more wild underbrush here, she told 
herself; it looks so messy like this. Soon, a very neat triangle was taking 
shape, awaiting only the razor to finish it off. I've never had bare lips 
before, she thought; this is going to be interesting.
She slowly applied the lipstick, a heavy, deep red, matching her fingernails. 
The feeling of the tip of the stick sliding over her lips was incredibly 
sensual; she could feel herself getting a bit wet just from it alone. She pursed 
her lips, and studied her face critically in the medicine cabinet mirror. She 
nodded her approval, turning to the other mirror. She gave a low whistle. "Wow. 
That's me?" she thought. Her long, slender legs looked even longer in a pair of 
black stockings; she turned, adjusting the back seam. The short miniskirt was 
just barely decent; if she sat down, the tips of the garter-clasps would show. 
The scoop-front black blouse wasn't even close to being decent, and the push-up 
bra, with its black lace demi-cups, encouraged her chest in this lewd behavior. 
Her long hair cascaded down, to the middle of her back. Her makeup, while not 
garish, did wonderful things to her eyes and lips. Her lips, especially, she 
thought; they look full, wet...
Carefully, holding on to the towel rack for support, she stepped into the 3" 
black pumps. She took a step, grabbed at the bar again, laughing; these clearly 
are going to take practice, she thought. She squatted down, gathering her 
clothes into a neat bundle, her makeup into her purse, and walked out into the 
hall, carefully strutting towards the living room, making a mental note to 
collect her things when she left. As she entered the room, she realized that the 
stereo was still playing. She timed her steps to the rhythm in the music, 
enjoying the feeling of being in the heels, of her shaved pussy naked to the 
air; she hadn't bothered putting panties back on.
She walked over to the couch, and stared at it as if she'd never seen one 
before. OK, Katie, time to figure out how to sit in this getup. She turned 
around, and carefully lowered herself to the couch, feeling the skirt slide up, 
feeling the naked backs of her upper thighs, and the edge of her bare ass, touch 
the fabric. The sudden sensation sent a thrill through her, and she could feel 
herself moisten further. She sat still, suddenly feeling enervated, out of 
breath. That shower was too hot, she told herself, as she leaned back, slightly. 
I'll just sit here for a little while, and listen to the music.
Listen to the music.
She turned her head languidly, eyes half-open, and noticed a pair of earphones 
lying on one end of the couch. Reaching out, as if through molasses, she picked 
them up. She could hear the music playing through them, and turned her head 
back, facing forward. She slowly placed them on her head, every motion 
deliberate, drifting in slow motion. She adjusted them, careful not to muss her 
hair.
The music filled her, and she suddenly realized that she was feeling sleepy. 
That shower must have been... too... hot... I'll just close my eyes. Close my 
eyes and listen to the music. Listen... listen...
Her eyes slowly blinked closed, and didn't even realize that she was spreading 
her legs.
She could hear the door being unlocked. She had no idea what time it was; 
minutes, hours or days could have passed. She was still floating in the inky 
blackness, listening to the music... or, rather, the wonderful sounds that had 
replaced the music. Sounds which explained things to her. Made her feel things. 
Changed things. She didn't react when she heard voices in the apartment; she 
didn't need to do anything.
[dress up short skirt high heels show off your tits look sexy shave your 
pussy-lips wear heels wear stockings wear a garter belt no panties never panties 
wear makeup show off your lips blowjob lips big breasts love having big breasts 
show off your tits Katie has big boobs Katie has a nice ass Katie has great legs 
Katie's a great fuck Katie's very sexy Katie's a hot babe Katie's a nice piece 
of ass Katie will fuck and suck Katie will fuck and suck...]
"Katie... fuck, Jason, what's with her?" Dave's voice. Blonde, athletic, 
none-too-bright Dave. That's OK, thought Katie. Dave can be whatever he is...
[Katie's sexy Katie's hot Katie's a nymphomaniac Katie loves to fuck Katie loves 
to suck Katie's a slut Katie's a babe Katie loves to fuck Katie loves to show 
off her tits pussy mouth ass legs wear heels wear stockings wear a garter belt 
no panties Katie's sexy Katie's Katie's a slut Katie's a hot slut Katie loves to 
fuck Katie loves to fuck anytime anywhere anything Katie's sexy Katie loves 
having big boobs huge breasts heavy jugs so sexy Katie loves her tits loves her 
ass loves her cunt loves to fuck...]
A laugh. Jason's laugh. "Dave. I explained all this to you. Repeatedly. Why are 
you so surprised?" Jason. Slim, handsome, pale, dark-haired Jason. He has such 
beautiful eyes, though Katie.
[Katie loves to fuck Jason Katie loves to fuck Dave Katie loves to fuck Robert 
Katie's Jason Robert Dave's slut Katie's Jason Robert Dave's girlfriend Katie 
will do whatever Jason Robert Dave want in bed Katie's a hot slut Katie's got 
big boobs Katie loves to fuck Katie's a great fuck Katie gives great head Katie 
loves to blow Jason Robert Dave Katie's a slut a whore a cunt a spread-legged 
fuckdoll Katie loves to suck off Jason Robert Dave suck fuck suck fuck wet suck 
fuck suck fuck Katie will...]
"Can she hear us?" Dave asked. Katie could tell that they were now standing in 
front of her. Someone, probably Jason, had turned off the stereo, but it didn't 
matter. The headphones were still on, and they were still explaining, 
reinforcing what they had explained earlier. She could just listen with her eyes 
closed, floating. Listen to them, listen to the sounds.
[Katie down on her knees sucking off Jason Robert Dave Katie bent over getting 
fucked by Jason Robert Dave Katie letting Jason Robert Dave slide their cocks 
into her mouth pussy ass between her tits mouth pussy ass between her tits Katie 
loves to fuck Katie loves to fuck Katie's a slut Katie's Jason Robert Dave's 
slut their whore their toy their cunt Robert Dave Jason own Katie's cunt and big 
boobs and long legs and open mouth and Katie sucks and fucks and sucks...]
"I doubt it," said Jason. "She's got other things on her mind." She could hear 
every word, of course, but it didn't matter. Listen to the sounds. Listen to 
what they were doing to her.
[Katie lets Jason Robert Dave come on her face on her tits in her mouth up her 
ass in her cunt Katie opens her legs for Jason Robert Dave Katie opens her mouth 
for Jason Robert Dave Katie drops and sucks and kneels and sucks and bends over 
and gets fucked and spreads her legs lies on back and opens her legs and gets 
fucked come on her face tits in her pussy in her mouth Katie loves to open her 
cunt get fucked Katie bends over for Jason Dave Robert Katie has big boobs huge 
hooters Katie loves to be titfucked assfucked mouthfucked...]
"Wow." Pause "I mean, I knew she was cute, but I had no idea she was such a 
babe," said Dave. Oh, yes, though Katie briefly. Your babe. But she went back to 
listening to the sounds.
[Katie spreads her legs opens her asscheeks opens her mouth holds up her tits 
for Jason Robert Dave Katie loves Jason Robert Dave Katie needs Jason Robert 
Dave Katie loves to wear heels and short skirts and no panties and stockings and 
garters and low-cut blouses how off her boobs jugs tits big breasts Katie loves 
her big tits Katie is compliant Katie is submissive Katie is docile Katie is 
obedient obedient obedient Katie will obey Jason Robert Dave Katie is a slave a 
sex slave a fuck slave a fuck toy...]
"Impressive, isn't she? She's limber, too; look how far she has her legs 
spread," Jason said, amused.
"Uh, so... Jason, how did you do this?"
Jason sighed. "You wouldn't understand." A pause. "OK, fine, I'll try explain. 
You know when you hear a sound like a trombone doing something, 
BawwooooooOOOOOOP?" Jason's voice did a credible impression of a trombone 
signaling a pratfall, like in a stage show.
[Katie is a nymphomaniac Katie loves sex Katie loves all sex Katie loves to fuck 
Katie loves to suck Katie loves to kneel and suck Katie loves to bend over and 
fuck Katie loves to wear heels and open her legs and open her wet pussy and let 
it be fucked and open her legs and be fucked and fucked Katie loves cum Katie 
needs fucking Katie will open her legs Katie loves to spread her legs Katie is a 
nympho a slut a whore a cunt a snatch a big-titted fuckdoll...]
Dave must have nodded, because Jason continued. "You laugh, right?"
"Well, yeah, right."
"Why?"
Another pause. "I dunno. I just do. Everyone does. It's funny."
"Right. It's funny. The sound's funny in itself. There are sounds like that, 
they produce emotions. It's something that's built into the brain, evolutionary 
stuff left over that probably never made much difference. They're buried pretty 
far now, most of them. But they're still there. You can make people do things, 
even change things about them, if they're exposed to them long enough. The 
example I gave is very, very simple. Something like this requires a lot more 
planning and equipment. But... well, you can see. It works."
[Katie will obey Katie will comply Katie will submit Katie will be docile Katie 
will submit Katie will open her legs Katie will open her mouth Katie will hold 
her boobs together Katie on her back in bed being fucked by Jason Robert Dave 
Katie on her hands and knees being fucked by Jason Robert Dave Katie will open 
her legs open her pussy open her mouth Katie comes and comes from being fucked 
Katie cannot resist Katie is a nymphomaniac Katie will do anything in bed Katie 
is docile Katie is a slave a sex slave a whore a slut a concubine their toy 
their live-in fuckdoll Katie on her back legs spread...]
"That's why you did the work on the stereo a few months back, right?"
"Right. She's been exposed to them for a few hours every week, ever since then. 
It's the repetition, the constant exposure that does it. Today was just the 
final programming, bringing them all up to the surface."
[Katie will kiss lick suck fuck blow fondle blowjobs handjobs up the ass up the 
cunt in the mouth all over in her face in her mouth in her pussy Katie loves it 
Katie needs it Katie will obey comply Katie loves to spread her legs open her 
mouth drop to her knees fondle suck lick stroke massage touch feel get fucked 
anything anytime anywhere Katie has big tits Katie has a hot ass Katie loves to 
be shown off Katie will do anything anytime anywhere Katie is a slut a cunt a 
whore a sextoy a fuckdoll Katie loves it needs it anything anytime anywhere 
fuck...]
A long pause. "She sure is hot. Robert and I never believed you when you said 
you could... well, you know, do this. To her. We've all wanted her, but..."
"Share and share alike, that's what we agreed. Fully programmed, she'll be 
enough girlfriend for the three of us."
[Katie's a whore a slut a cunt Katie has big tits Katie has a wet cunt Katie has 
long slender legs Katie is a hot babe Katie is Jason Robert Dave's girlfriend 
Katie wants Jason Robert Dave Katie will do whatever Jason Robert Dave Katie is 
compliant Obeying makes Katie come Katie is submissive Katie is loving Katie is 
docile Katie cannot resist Katie must obey submit comply open her legs open her 
mouth open her ass tit-fucking blowjobs Katie gives great head Katie's a great 
fuck Katie's a hot wet slut...]
"So... uh, what now?" Dave was staring at her, she knew it. She loved it.
[Katie will fuck Katie will suck Katie will take it up the ass Katie will take 
it between the tits Katie will obey comply submit Katie is receptive Katie is 
docile Katie is compliant Katie is compliant in bed her legs spread her pussy 
wet her cunt being pounded Katie loves to be fucked Katie loves to suck off 
Jason Robert Dave Katie has a lovely blowjob mouth Katie gives good head Katie 
is sexy Katie is hot Katie comes and comes and comes Katie is a nymphomaniac 
Katie always wants sex Katie is wet wet wet always wet wet...]
"Well, I think she should be ready by now."
"OK... so...?"
[Katie is Jason Robert Dave's sex toy Katie loves their dicks Katie loves their 
cum Katie is hot and wet and sexy and obedient and compliant and cannot resist 
and must open her legs open her mouth open her ass when they tell her and Katie 
loves it anytime anywhere anything Katie gets loaned out by Jason Robert Dave 
Katie loves it Katie will fuck anyone Robert Dave Jason tell her to Katie is a 
wet horny nympho Katie can't resist Katie will obey Katie is Jason Robert Dave's 
girlfriend lover live-in lover live-in fuckdoll toy nympho slut slave whore tart 
sextoy sex slave round-heeled fuck slave open legged open mouthed open slutty 
docile compliant willing hot wet Katie will obey obey obey wet obey wet obey...]
Katie could hear Jason move next to her, and she felt the headphones carefully 
lifted off her head. The sounds went away... but they didn't. She could still 
hear the sounds, clearly enough to know what to do. Who she was. What she was. 
She opened her eyes. Jason was standing next to her, staring at her... staring 
down her cleavage. Dave was standing directly in front of her, eyes on her wet 
pussy. She could see they both were getting hard, and the idea sent shivers down 
her spine.
Katie grinned, and slid lower on the couch, letting her skirt ride up. "Hi, 
guys," she said, her voice low, sexy, throaty.
Jason smiled. "How are you feeling, Katie?" he asked, never taking his eyes off 
her tits.
"Great... wonderful. Horny," she added, knowing that it wasn't necessary to 
mention; her nipples showed vividly through her blouse, and her wet pussy was 
visible to both of them.
Jason turned to Dave. "So, Dave, want first go at her? Break her in?"
Dave blushed. "If... she doesn't..."
Jason laughed. "Mind? I don't think so." He looked back down at her. "Katie? 
Dave wants to go to bed with you. Do you mind?"
Katie reluctantly closed her legs, and stood up with a smile, strolling towards 
Dave, her hips swaying, her chest thrust out. "Mind? It's what I'm here for." 
She slid up to him, wrapping her arms around him, pulling him into a long, 
passionate kiss, her body grinding against his. "Anything, Dave," she whispered, 
meeting his eyes, panting. "I'll do anything you want."
Jason watched the two of them walk to the bedroom, Dave's hand up Katie's skirt, 
stroking her ass. As Dave got to his bedroom door, he turned back towards Jason. 
"Uh, so... about Cherise?" he asked, tentatively. Jason laughed. "We'll talk, 
Dave. We'll talk." Dave nodded, and opened the door for Katie; she walked in, 
and he followed. The door closed.
Jason smiled, shaking his head, and walked into the kitchen. He posted a new 
piece of paper on the fridge, writing "Katie" across the top, and the days of 
the week down the side. Might as well set up the sleeping arrangements now, he 
thought.
Two months later...
A few minutes before 8am, Katie awoke instantly, as she did every morning. She 
blinked, letting the images from her dream fade slowly. In the dream, Dave and 
Robert had been doing her, one up her ass, one up her cunt... they never had, in 
reality, but she fantasized about it all the time. She reached down, briefly, 
and stroked her pussy, feeling it completely bare, not even the triangle 
remaining. She grinned, remembering Dave being outvoted on keeping it. She liked 
it, both the bare cunt and the memory of being voted on.
She very gently pulled the bedclothes back from Jason's still-sleeping body. She 
slid down, adjusting the black merry widow she usually wore when it was a Jason 
Night. Jason liked her in full-on cheap whore mode; Dave, as a nymphomaniac 
girl-next-door; Robert, as the naughty schoolgirl. She loved all three.
She carefully, carefully slid off the bottom of the bed, and then up between his 
legs. She had gotten very adept at maneuvering into position without waking 
Jason up; of course, the fact he was a heavy sleeper didn't hurt. She watched 
the digital clock, carefully, waiting until the precise instant it flipped over 
to 8:00am. She ran her pink tongue slowly up his cock, enjoying the taste of her 
cunt on it. Then, with a wet slurp, she devoured it, pumping it in and out of 
her mouth, her hands cupping and fondling his balls, feeling him get hard even 
before he was fully awake.
Jason blinked his eyes open, and looked down, a smile spreading across his face 
as he met her gaze, watching his cock slide between her red lips. Katie broke 
off long enough to say, in her best horny-slut voice, "Good morning, lover. It's 
your wake-up blowjob." She returned to her sucking, carefully teasing, fondling, 
sliding with her tongue. Her personal best was getting him to come by 8:02am, 
and she still had fantasies of beating it.
She didn't quite beat it this time, but she didn't let it go until 8:03am, 
either. After a quick cuddle, she was up, stripping off the remains of her 
lingerie; since no one else was in the house except the Owners, she trotted 
naked to the bathroom. As the hot water poured over her body, she thought 
towards her date tonight with Robert... she had a new short plaid skirt which he 
should like. After touching herself up with a razor, she slid her fingers over 
her clit, stroking, probing, indulging herself in a quick orgasm before getting 
out of the shower, grimacing slightly when she touched her asshole. Jason gave 
me quite a workout last night, she thought; more lube next time.
I'm still horny, she thought. Of course you are, she chided herself; you're 
always horny. "You SLUT!" she said to the mirror, giggling; even just saying the 
word sent a little thrill through her cunt. How, she thought as she toweled 
herself off, did I ever manage with just one boyfriend before? She shrugged, and 
thought about the day ahead; Cherise was coming over to have lunch with her, 
like she did every Thursday for the last few weeks, and Katie had some great new 
music to play for her.
