Last test, and appropriately it was almost exactly a week after she’d first discovered the perfume on Dora’s dresser. She’d been trying to get up here all day and was relieved when, with half an hour to spare, she’d finished her work. She wasn’t sure if anyone had seen her come up here, but she was absolutely certain that if anyone disturbed them before five o’clock, their body would never be found.

This was the real test, though, and arguably the most important. She’d have to check but, outside of the obligatory flirting with Jack (which they were all equally guilty of), Ianto had never shown interest in, well, anyone. Of course, he didn’t really talk about himself.

Which is why she now found herself waiting around in the tourist office.

Typical, the one time I actually need him and the tea-boy isn’t around. 

Flicking through the tacky brochures on the desk, she sighed impatiently, rolling her eyes at no-one in particular. That was when she noticed the camera. A thought struck her, and she determined that it didn’t matter how long Ianto was away, she was going to wait. She smiled into the camera and pushed the pamphlets to one side, leaving a messy pile at the end and enough space for her to sit. With near-perfect timing, Ianto then walked through the door from the Hub.

“Er, excuse me!”

Suzie noted his indignant tone. Apparently Ianto had territorial tendencies when it came to the tourist office. That was rather amusing, for some reason.

“Do you want to have sex with me, Ianto?”

He stopped in his tracks.

“What?”

“Do you want to have sex with me?” Suzie repeated herself and was happy that her tone remained absolutely calm when inside, she was laughing. He was looking at her like she’d come into his office dressed in live squid.

“I really hadn’t thought about it,” he eventually replied, much more composed.

“Shall I take that as a no?” She was probably being cruel right now, but empirically it was important for him to say one way or another.

“Right at this moment, I’d like you to get off my desk and put it back the way you found it.”

Oh close enough, she thought. She dug into her pocket for the bottle and, pulling it out, noticed Ianto still watching her carefully.

“What’s that?” Ianto nodded towards the atomizer.

“I found it last weekend. Interesting stuff.” She sprayed it on her wrists and neck.

“Interesting how?” Ianto sounded suspicious, with a hint of…was that fear? Had she scared him? Well wasn’t that deliciously unexpected.

“Well, when I’ve used it the previous three times, it’s caused a reaction in whomever I’m near at the time. Right now, that would be you.” Suzie leaned forward and smiled suggestively, carefully watching for the slightest hint that the perfume was affecting him. He looked disturbed, but then given the conversation to this point, that wasn’t surprising.

“What,” Ianto cleared his throat. “What reaction?”

Suzie looked at him, smirking. “Can’t you feel it?”

She jumped down from the desk and slowly closing the distance between them as he stood stock still. He may as well have been nailed down.

“Would you like to sleep with me now, Ianto?”

She was standing in front of him, now, and couldn’t resist the urge to pull his tie out from behind that wretched waistcoat. Time for him to look less than perfect, for once.

Ianto stared down at her hands.

Probably to avoid looking at me, she thought. Well, while I’m here…

She tugged the tie sharply towards her, jerking his head towards her, and whispered in his ear.

“It’s better if you don’t fight it.”

She loosened her grip on his tie and he pulled his head back. He looked like a poster boy for being utterly conflicted. Over what, she had no idea. Maybe he had a secret partner stashed away somewhere.

Looks like I’m going to have to make the first move on this one. 

She pulled the tie taught and gently pulled his head closer until their lips brushed.

She pressed closer, trying to tease his lips open and wondering if this was a step too far. Maybe the spray only worked on the willing. But slowly, a fraction of an inch at a time, his lips parted. She licked and grazed his lips with her teeth, trying to coax them further apart. A little slow, but it was something.

Maybe with another dose? She sprayed the perfume between them and waited. Again, Ianto was completely still. Suzie sighed and took a step towards the door to the Hub. She wasn’t going to waste anymore of her time on this; it clearly wasn’t-

Mid thought, Ianto grabbed her arm, jerking both it and her painfully back. Before she could catch herself he had a hand in her hair, pulling painfully at it. She winced and Ianto exploited the opportunity, forcing his tongue inside her mouth. She fought to catch her breath, tried to pull away; but Ianto was holding her fast. She breathed as best she could through her nose, her free arm pressed against Ianto. For all that he was a glorified butler, he was bloody strong. She pulled at his arm, pushed at his shoulder, all for nothing.

He forced her back towards the desk, the lip hitting the backs of her legs. She braced her arms against it, tried to push herself off but he held her in place. He pulled her head back sharply, so sharp that she could swear she heard her neck click.

“Down.” It was unmistakeably an order, but she couldn’t work out what he meant. He gripped her shoulders and twisted her upper body, forcing it chest down towards the desk top. She turned over, the desk a little too short, causing her to bend awkwardly at the hips. Trying to hold herself up, she put out her arms, only for Ianto to pull them behind her back and hold them in place.

Suzie snapped. This wasn’t supposed to happen; she was the one in control, she was making things happen, so why was she the one uncomfortable? She kicked out behind her, trying to aim for Ianto’s leg, but he avoided the strike and used the opportunity to wedge himself between her thighs, leaving her helpless.

A voice at the back of Suzie’s head reminded her that she had asked for this. She was barely able to remember why right now, as Ianto took a hand away from her wrists to wrench up her skirt. She heard him snort in derision when he realised she wasn’t wearing underwear.

She hit her head into the surface of the desk.

She had asked for it.

Ianto had apparently decided that he didn’t want her to knock herself out, and grabbed at her hair again. She yelled out in pain, bringing her newly-released hands forward to hold her in position and take the strain off her hair. At this angle, she noticed the camera again. The new plan shot back into her head and she steeled herself.

Eyes fixed on the lens, she smiled, giving it her best porn star grin and braced herself for Ianto to begin. She half considered asking if he’d be willing to use the condom in her pocket, but then it was too late. He pushed into her and she tried to relax. This wasn’t going to be pleasant, but it was going to be worth it. Above all, she had to pretend that she was enjoying it.

The next thrust was less painful. She tried to relax further and match his rhythm, but there was only so much she could do. At least it should be over soon if his increase in speed was anything to go by. He released her hair and dug both hands painfully into her hips, pulling her back to meet him on every push. She maintained her act and moaned with the motion. It didn’t matter that the camera wasn’t equipped with a microphone, so long as it looked real.

Finally Ianto rammed into her for a last time and she cried out in what experience told her was a convincing orgasmic noise. Her arms gave out as Ianto withdrew and she slumped forward onto against the desk, rolling over to face her erstwhile attacker.

He looked mortified.

Three birds with one stone, then. She had something to hold over Ianto forever, proof that the spray worked on anyone, even if some needed an extra dose; and then there was the new plan. She’d wait until after the weekend before putting that into action. Let it soak in properly, mature a little. Besides, it was last thing on a Friday and she just wanted to go home.

She stood up and smoothed down her skirt as Ianto leaned against the wall, shell-shocked. Can’t be the most traumatic thing he’s ever done for Torchwood, she thought as she pressed the door button back to the Hub. He’ll be over it in a few days. 

The little voice inside her head screamed at her again and, as normal, she ignored it.