No Hope For Summer
by The Controverser

Hope sat on the edge of her bed, hissing as her mom changed the bandage on the back of her head. Her mom gently patted her on the back to signify that the painful deed was done and then left Hope to herself.

There were times when the stitches (and the back of her head) hurt like the dickens. She cursed her cousin over and over in her mind. It wasn't her fault that Summer couldn't take a little innocent teasing. Just like it wasn't her fault that Summer had called her a bitch over the web cam. Summer was to blame in both instances and she got what was coming to her.

The first spanking, over the web cam, had been such fun! There had been no part of her cousin that she (nor the rest of the family) had not seen on Christmas morning. When she asked her aunt to make Summer spread her legs, it was not out of some weird incestual lesbian desire. She had no interest in girls and certainly not Wonder Tits.

No, the only reason she asked her aunt such a bold request was that if it were granted (and it was), her cousin's pussy would be spread open for the eyes of the entire family save for her twin sisters who were off playing with their new toys. It took every bit of self control to not jump around the room from excitement when her aunt granted her request.

She heard gasps from her parents as well as everyone else watching as Summer's hidden pink folds and little joy button were exposed to everyone. The even bigger surprise, totally unintentional was that Summer's puckered asshole had been prominently displayed in between spanks. That was a moment in time that would never be surpassed-- never duplicated or replicated-- or so she thought.

It had not exactly been duplicated or replicated but last night, it had certainly been surpassed. She had woken up, thinking that it was just a dream until she went to the kitchen table and saw Summer sitting there eating breakfast with her big fat tits resting on the table top.

When she got home from the hospital, everyone treated her like a princess. Even Wonder Tits came down to apologize but she was sure that she had been forced to do so. It didn't matter. She was ready to forgive and forget until her grandmother shocked her by telling her that she was going to be able to choose not one but two punishments for Summer.

She wasn't sure if it was the head wound or a sudden explosion of adrenalin from hearing the news but she had felt a tiny bit woozy. There were some additional rules applied. Summer's Christmas Morning spanking could never be mentioned again and these two punishments were the only ones she would receive (but it wasn't since she got to add a third later on). To Gram's point, none of the adults would be allowed to hold what happened to Hope against Summer. She'd have been given her punishments and would be forgiven.

Grams asked Hope what the two punishments would be. Hope immediately blurted out that Summer should get a naked spanking. If no one was allowed to talk about the Christmas Morning spanking anymore, then they would at least have this vivid memory to cherish. The other punishment was almost too devious, even for her. There was no way they'd actually agree to it... would they?

When she said that Summer should be naked the entire month, Grams actually agreed! Hope felt like she was on cloud nine and the cloud kept gaining altitude as Summer made things worse and worse for herself. When Grams said she could add a third, Hope decided to test her luck and say that Summer should burn all of her clothes.

If she felt like singing when Grams agreed, it was nothing compared to the news that Summer didn't have any clothes back home. Hope wanted to tap dance through the entire house! By the end of it, Summer not only had to stay naked her entire vacation but she had to stay naked at her house for the entire summer!

And then two things happened.

The first was that Summer argued with Grams and Grams threatened to make her go naked for the entire year if she didn't stop arguing with her. In that instance, Hope knew that her entire summer vacation would revolve around one thing. She needed to make that happen. She needed to make her Grams so mad at Summer that she would make her go naked for the entire year.

Her thoughts were on the idea of Summer not being allowed to wear clothes for an entire year even after Aunt Mary started getting Summer ready for her spanking. The best part was that Summer and her parents lived in a house that sat on about twenty acres of land. There really wasn't any chance of Summer getting arrested for Indecent Exposure unless she did something stupid. Wonder Tits may have been a royal pain in her ass but Hope would never want something horrible like that to happen to Summer. Spanking and Humiliation was the only cruel fate Summer deserved.

When she came back out of her lovely fantasy, she found that Summer, now completely naked, was just crawling over her mom's lap. Her goody goody two shoes sister, Angelina, asked if she could go and play instead but Grams insisted that it is important for her to witness this. Instead of being positioned right near Summer's ass and legs like Charlotte and I were, Angelina opted for a less exposed view, staying in the back near Summer's face.

At one point, Summer looked up and made eye contact with Angelina. Angelina whispered “I'm sorry” which was quite the Kodak moment. I knew better than to make my request this time but lucky for me, I didn't have to. Aunt Mary told Summer to get her legs wide apart. Summer glanced backwards and begged for Charlotte to sit somewhere else. Grams said she had to agree unless Hope's mom gave her permission.

She did! Extra humiliation for Summer! Woo hoo!

As soon as Summer spread her legs, Charlotte broke into a fit of giggles and her face was bright red. At first, I thought it was from being excited to get to spectate this but then I found out the true reason she was giggling. Wonder Tits had shaved her pussy straight bald!

Her pubic hair hadn't been able to hide her pink folds over the web cam on Christmas morning but somehow, even if it was only in Hope's mind, the whole display seemed much more obscene. I couldn't help but join Charlotte in giggling. We both stopped when Grams stepped forward and gave us “the look”.

“I said no teasing,” Grams said.

“I'm sorry Grams but I didn't expect her to be... you know... bald...” Hope said.

“Bald?” Grams asked before looking down at Summer. “What did you do to yourself, young lady? Are you some sort of tramp?”

“No, grandma. All of my friends are doing it,” Summer said, blushing.

“And if all your friends were to jump off a cliff, I suppose you'd follow them, wouldn't you? Good God, this generation is in trouble. Fine, since you went and shaved your vagina and everyone is going to be looking at it for the next month, I guess I have no choice but to lift the ban on teasing. You brought this on yourself,” Grams said.

Hope thought she was going to pass out. This was akin to going to Las Vegas and hitting the jackpot on every single slot machine. There was no way it could have gotten better--- WRONG AGAIN!

“I'm sorry, grandma. I'll stop shaving,” Summer said.

“Oh, no you don't. You thought it was a good idea, you are going to keep on doing that disgusting deed. You want to show everyone your hairless vagina, that is exactly what you are going to do!” Grams practically shouted.

Hope would never admit this but she had actually been toying around with the idea of getting rid of her own pubic hair. She knew it was a sign of maturity but she didn't quite like feeling of having a permanent mink coat between her legs but Grams made it sound so disgusting and perverted.

The spanking finally began and it was nothing like watching it over the web cam. When watching something over the internet, the quality of sound suffers considerably through the web cam equipment. Every single slap was loud like thunder and Charlotte noticed that Summer's vagina and butt were almost the same color. Everyone laughed-- even Grams!

The colors didn't match for all that long because the redness in Summer's butt cheeks started darkening. Finally, the spanking stopped, not because it was concluded but because of yet another comment from Charlotte. This one was funnier than the first one.

“Ew! Summer is peeing!” Charlotte said.

“No,” Hope quickly said, not wanting to give anyone a reason to stop the spanking. “That just means that Summer likes the spanking. It's not the same thing as peeing.”

Hope and everyone else felt that Charlotte was going to have more questions, especially when she looked like she was in deep thought. Hope was relieved when Charlotte only suggested spanking Summer harder. No sex talk needed.

Grams agreed with Charlotte and slipped her slipper off one of her feet and handed it to her daughter. She announced that Summer would only receive 50 more spanks and that it would be divided up 25 per cheek and that Mary should swing for the fences.

Hope knew from the first time that slipper connected with Summer's butt cheek that Aunt Mary had definitely been swinging for the fences. Summer was no longer putting on a brave face but was openly crying. When the spanking was over, Wonder Tits had been reduced to a naked, red assed, blubbering mess. Even Angelina couldn't have respect for her after this...

Equally satisfying to Hope was a few hours later when Summer stood next to suitcase in front of the fire. To make the punishment really sink in, and as Grams put it, to make sure that Summer never back talked her again, Summer was made to toss her clothes into the fire, one at a time. She was told to do is slowly and to take a good look at each piece before tossing it in.

On the inside, Hope was loving this but she tried her best to make everyone believe that she felt sorry for Summer. Her plan, the plan she devised while watching Summer destroy her entire wardrobe, relied on everyone believing that she felt sorry for Summer. It also relied on Charlotte willing to take a little pain.

So, this morning, instead of laughing at Summer with her tits on the table, she went the extra mile to be nice to her. She apologized for going overboard with the punishments and agreed to finally getting along. Summer seemed to buy into the act but most importantly, so did Grams. She rushed over and gave Hope a big hug.
Before going to bed, Hope had pulled Charlotte aside and whispered her wicked little plan. At first, Charlotte was reluctant, since she'd be the one feeling pain, but Hope guaranteed that it would be worth it. Charlotte finally agreed and they shook on it.

Now, having just gotten her bandage changed, it was time to put her little plan into action. It was time for Summer's vacation away from her clothes to be extended. Stepping out of her room, she made eye contact with Charlotte who was waiting patiently at the kitchen table and nodded her head.

Charlotte moved to the living room where Wonder Tits was watching television and started teasing her about last night. In the kitchen, Grams stopped what she was doing and looked to be at war with herself about whether to admonish Charlotte or not. In the end, Grams went back to what she was doing. This played right into Hope's hands.

Making sure to start yelling while in Gram's sight, she told Charlotte that it wasn't nice of her to make fun of Summer. As soon as she stepped into the room, however, she walked right over to Charlotte, extended her hand and slapped her hard enough to make her right cheek red. Summer jumped up and Hope backed away, looking afraid.

“Summer! What did you do that for?” Hope shouted.

Charlotte started crying and held her cheek, really milking it up. Grams rushed in and Charlotte ran up to her and told her that Summer had slapped her across the face. Hope stepped forward and told her that Charlotte was telling the truth. She had tried to get Charlotte to stop teasing Summer but it looked like she wasn't quick enough.

The look of anger in Gram's eyes told Hope that she had succeeded. Her plan had worked to perfection. Summer was panicking and swearing that it was Hope and not her that had done it but Grams silenced her by pushing her over the sofa and delivering several spanks to her naked ass.

“Tonight, after dinner, you are going to go outside with your grandfather's pocket knife and cut yourself a switch, young lady,” Grams said.

“This is bullshit!” Summer yelled. “I didn't f'n hit her, you psychotic, senile old bat!”

Hope's jaw dropped and her eyes were as wide as saucers. She actually feared for Summer now. Arguing with Grams would get anyone in hot water but to be outright disrespectful and to actually curse at her and call her names? Holy shit!

Grams turned on her heels and walked out of the room. She returned with a brand new bar of soap that she was in the process of taking the wrapper off of. Handing the bar of soap to Charlotte, she asked her to go and wet the bar of soap for her and then to stick half of it into Summer's mouth.

Charlotte rushed to do Gram's task. Summer started to protest and shut her mouth tightly. Grams, not to be outdone, walked over and waited for Charlotte to return. When she did, Grams pushed Summer down onto the couch and pinched her nose. As soon as Summer was forced to open her mouth for air, Charlotte slid the bar of soap into her mouth.

“I was going to let you stay home from the beach today, girl. That isn't happening. If I have to, I will drag your naked behind out to the car by your ear,” Grams said.

“Grams, maybe we should just give her a swimsuit,” Hope said, her voice was as shaky as she was.

“Not on your life. The punishment was to stay naked and that is how she will stay. Speaking of staying naked, you can forget about Fall or even Winter, Summer Holm. I told you last night that one more outburst from you and you'd get a whole year. You'll be lucky if you wear anything when you start college at the end of NEXT summer,” Grams said.

“You can't do that,” Summer said after pulling the bar of soap from her mouth. “I'll have freshman orientation before the summer is over.”

“Oh, I see. And you are counting on your loving grandmother, whom you have insulted and cursed at to not send you there in your birthday suit? Don't worry about it, Summer. It's a little over a year away. I will be contacting your school. If I still have any clout at my old Alma Mater. If I do, then I promise you, you will be the most popular freshman in the history of that institution,” Grams told her. “Now get that soap back in your mouth.”

Now, for the first time since this all began, Hope was feeling extremely guilty and truly felt bad for Summer. The idea of making her go a year without clothes sounded amazing but this was going a little too far. They were both destined for Gram's old college but to make Summer attend Freshman Orientation completely naked--

Why? Why had Summer had to open her big fat mouth and curse at Grams? Why did she have to call her names? The only thing Hope could do was pray that Grams changed her mind.

Even though she knew that everything had snowballed out control, she had absolutely no idea-- not even a hint-- of the epic proportion that the snowball had grown to. She had no idea that something was now awoken in Summer. Something that thirsted for revenge like a vampire thirsted for blood.

Fortunately-- or unfortunately-- depending on whose point of view you are taking into account-- Summer had two full years to come up with the perfect revenge. Unfortunately for both Summer and Hope, one of those years was filled with humiliation and embarrassment for Summer. Each embarrassment only fueled Summer's desire for revenge.


