Call it luck, fate or destiny, but I never thought that the huge
headache that forced me to come home from college unexpectedly one
Tuesday afternoon last fall, would be the cause of such thankfulness
for me. But it was this throbbing behind my eyes that caused me to be
in just the right place at just the right time.

I went up to my room and pulled the thick curtains so that no light
shone in from outside and lay on my bed and tried to go to sleep. The
house was empty. It was about one in the afternoon and Dad was
working a day shift this week and Mom wouldn't be home until about
three o'clock.

I must have drifted off because the next thing I remember is being
woken by the sound of voices from downstairs. My blurred eyes told me
that my bedside clock was showing 4.10 pm. I recognized one voice as
that of my Mom's but couldn't recollect to whom the male voice
belonged, although I was sure I had heard it before. As my senses
came back to normal, it suddenly hit me who it was with Mom in the
living room. It was her Dad, Frank; my Grandfather.

Grandad in our house, now that was a big surprise. The story I had
managed to pick up from whispered conversations between family
members over the past six years, was that Mom had caught her Dad
coming out of the widow's house next door to where Grandad and
Grandma lived. He was doing up his trouser zip at the time and it was
clear to Mom what he had been up to. Mom had no hesitation in telling
Grandma what she had seen. A great row developed, after which Grandad
was thrown out of his house. A messy divorce followed and he had been
an outcast ever since as far as the family was concerned. So to hear
his voice downstairs after all this time came as something of a shock.

I bore no ill will towards Grandad. I was too young at the time to
know what was happening, and now that I was older, adultery seemed to
be commonplace and almost acceptable. So I got up and decided to go
down and say hello to the old geezer. I opened my bedroom door and
stepped out onto the landing, but what I heard from the living room
made me freeze in my tracks. Grandad's voice was raised. Of course,
Mom had assumed the house was empty, so she had no need to ask him to
speak lower. They were clearly having an argument and then I heard
Grandad say that people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. I was
curious as to what he meant and from Mom's question, I realized that
she was too.

'Have a look at these photos', I heard him say to Mom. There followed
about two minutes of silence, which was finally broken by Grandad's
bitter, yet triumphant voice. 'It's amazing what a cab driver sees at
two in the a.m. I was sure pleased I had my camera that night. I
think you'll agree, Laxmi, the one where you're being fucked from
behind, and the blow job shot for that matter, are pretty good in
terms of clarity.' He went on to say that it had been worth the wait
because now it was his turn to ruin her marriage. Clearly, he had
just shown Mom photographs of her with another guy. I remembered she
had gone out dressed to the nines last Thursday, while Dad was
working a night shift. I must say that to hear of my own Mom's
infidelity like this came as a bit of a shock. I crouched lower to
try to listen to how the conversation developed.

Grandad went on to say that he'd post a photo to Dad every day until
he heard through the grapevine that they had split up. He said that
even if she came clean and told Dad the truth, once he saw the
evidence she would never be able to hold the marriage together. From
where I stood, I had to agree. It certainly looked as though my cozy
little family unit was about to be torn apart. What I heard next
shocked me even more.

'Of course, there is an alternative', began Grandad, 'there always
is'.

'What would that be?' Mom asked.

'Well, since that day when you changed my life forever, I haven't
been with a woman. My hand has been my only friend. The only way you
get to keep your marriage intact, Daughter dear, is to become your
loving Dad's sex slave'. I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
Grandad was actually trying to blackmail his own daughter, my Mom,
into having sex with him. Mom couldn't believe it either and told him
to get the hell out. Grandad came out of the living room and walked
towards the front door. I leaned back further into the shadows so as
not to be seen. 'No matter', he said, 'either way I win. But it was
worth a try. See you in the divorce court Laxmi. It'll be me on the
front row'

Grandad put his hand on the door handle and turned to open it. 'Wait,
Dad'. Mom said as she came into view in the hallway. 'What will I
have to do?'

'Everything and anything I want you to do. That's the idea of being a
slave'. Grandad replied. He went on to tell her that he'd use her
once every two weeks when Dad was on night shift. She was to make
certain that I was out for a couple of hours on the evening that had
been arranged. He told Mom that this would be an indefinite
arrangement until he couldn't get it up anymore or he died. There was
silence for a few seconds and then I heard Mom agree to her Dad's
demands, defeated and resigned to a life as his sex slave.

'Next Friday evening, eight o'clock', Grandad ordered, 'Make sure
you're alone for a couple of hours. Hold ups and high heels, nothing
else. OK?'

'OK', Mom weakly replied.

Grandad left and I crept back into my room. Fortunately, Mom went
out. When she came back, I was in the kitchen acting as if I'd just
gotten home from college. Mom was quiet that night and kept looking
at Dad the way you look at someone close that you haven't seen in
ages; almost hoping that by staring hard enough, you can lock them up
in your thoughts forever.

I know I should have felt angry for what Grandad was forcing Mom to
become, but all I felt was arousal. Mom was only thirty eight years
old and a real looker. Long blond hair, great pouty lips, an hour
glass figure, slim legs and all packaged into a five foot four inch
frame. I went to bed and jerked off with the thought of Mom as my
slave. Next day, I knew what I had to do. I've got a friend in the
natural history wing of the college, and I told him that I had a
foxes den in my back yard. I asked if I could borrow any kind of
filming equipment for a while. He was delighted in my sudden interest
in wildlife and said that I could use some of the sophisticated,
state of the art hardware owned by the college for a couple of weeks.
I couldn't believe my luck.

The following Friday came. Dad's night shift meant that he wouldn't
be leaving the house until about four o'clock, just about when I got
home. Mom works late on Fridays and that would give me about an hour
alone in the house to get my act together. I had decided to plant a
camera in Mom's bedroom in the hope that that is where she and
Grandad would make out. If I could get them on film, then not only
would I have a chance to blackmail Mom as well, but I might just get
free cab rides when I liked too.

Dad had already left for work when I got home so I set about my
business. I took the camera into Mom's bedroom and looked for a good
place to put it. The camera itself was housed in a small black wedge
shaped box, about three inches across at its widest point. I placed
it on the dressing table underneath Mom's jewelry box. I was pretty
sure that she wouldn't see it there and the dressing table was bang
in the centre of the wall opposite the bed. The cable was the only
problem. I draped it behind the dresser and managed to tuck it under
the edges of the carpet around the room to the door. I did the same
on the landing and threw it into my room, which was next door. The
only part that was visible was across the threshold of Mom's bedroom.
But the cable was the same color as the wooden board and I was pretty
certain that it wouldn't be spotted.

I plugged the other end of the camera cable into the back of my VCR
and switched on the TV. Wow! I couldn't believe my eyes. The
resolution of the image was as good as a normal television channel
and I could pan the camera so that it covered the whole room. I
placed a blank cassette into the video and went downstairs.

Mom came in just after five. Every day that week she had asked me if
I was going out on Friday as I usually did. She asked me again and I
confirmed that I wouldn't be back till after eleven that night. Mom
seemed jittery, but who could blame her?

Around seven o'clock I said goodbye to Mom and left the house. I
walked around the corner to where I could see her bathroom window.
When the light came on, I knew I had about five minutes to sneak back
into the house and up to my room. I made not a sound as I tiptoed up
the stairs and passed Mom's room. I could still hear the shower on
and knew that she wouldn't hear me anyway. Once in my own room, I
pulled the curtains and placed a towel at the bottom of the door to
stop any light from the TV shining onto the landing. I was ready.

At seven fifty five, I turned on the TV and put on the headphones
that came with the equipment from college. Mom was walking around the
room making sure everything was neat. She was wearing a knee length
black robe and I could see that she had put on sheer black hold ups
and four inch black patent pumps, as ordered. Suddenly she made for
the door as the front door bell rang. As she left the room I took of
my headphones so that I could hear her greet Grandad.

Grandad was the first to speak as Mom opened the front door. 'Hello
Laxmi, I've brought a friend with me. I hope you don't mind a little
three way fun?' Mom asked Grandad and whoever was with him to come
in. Grandad said he was keen to get on with things and ordered Mom
upstairs just as I hoped he would. As the three sets of footsteps
came nearer, I heard Grandad tell Mom that he hoped she was not
wearing anything else under that robe, for her sake. I put my
headphones back on and took my spot in front of the tube. At last the
bedroom door opened.

Mom walked in and went to the far side of the room. I panned across
back to the door just as Grandad walked in. I had seen photos of him
but I hadn't really expected him to look as old as he did now. But I
guessed he must be pushing sixty five. The other man came out of the
shadows on the landing into the room encouraged by Grandad. When I
saw him, I realised just how much Grandad hated my Mom. He must have
been about six two or three, skinny as a rake, wearing a tattered old
overcoat and torn trousers with no socks and a pair of battered old
jogging shoes and was so grimy that it was hard to tell the colour of
his skin. Not that there was that much on show. He had a long,
tangled dirty beard and moustache, yet was almost bald. 'You'll have
to forgive the appearance of my friend here, Laxmi. You don't get
much chance to bathe living out on the streets. But he'll make up for
it with his keeness for you. You see, he's like me, he hasn't had a
woman for years either.'

Grandad turned to the hobo and said, 'Go git her boy, she's all
yours' The man stepped slowly towards Mom. I panned the camera to get
them both in shot and made sure the tape was rolling. Mom moved back
but eventually was blocked by the wall. As the dirty tramp got
closer, he took off his overcoat and threw it on the floor. That was
followed by his shirt, revealing a dirty, grime covered torso
underneath. From out of shot I heard Grandad tell Mom that she should
show her guest some more hospitality and ordered her to take off her
robe. Mom had little choice but to obey. The vagrant stood still and
licked his lips as Mom undid the tie that held her robe together. It
parted at the front, and I saw the tramp start to rub the bulge in
his soiled trousers. Then it was off, and Mom stood naked in front of
them wearing only her hold ups and heels. The tramp's mouth parted,
revealing six or seven blackened, rotten teeth.

He lunged at Mom. She cringed as his mouth found hers and with her
head in a vice made from his hands, she twisted in vain to escape his
fat, slobbering lips. My dick was hard as rock as I watched this
human excrement ravish my own Mom. He moved his hands all over her
breasts, before picking her up and throwing her on the bed. He stood
over her as she lay helpless, and undid the piece of string that he
used as a belt. His trousers fell around his ankles revealing his
long, thin erection. Mom closed her eyes as he took hold of her high
heeled shoes and spread her legs wide. He positioned his dick at the
entrance to her pussy and stabbed it into her. Mom gasped as his
first thrust filled her up. The hobo fell on top of her and as he
pumped furiously at Mom's snatch, the contrast between her clean
white skin and his sweaty, grimy body made me almost cum in my pants.
His long fingernails dug into her boobs and he tweaked her nipples
until she cried. Then he bent his head down to her face and began to
slobber all over her again. His ass moved quickly up and down as his
dick, piston like, continued its glistening travels in and out of my
Mom's love box.

Suddenly, Grandad appeared in shot, with his dick also in a state of
high arousal. He climbed on to the bed next to Mom's face and told
the vagrant to give him some room. Grandad lifted Mom's head onto his
knees and twisted it so that she faced him. 'Suck me off, Daughter',
he commanded. Mom opened her mouth and her Father slipped his meat
inside. Keeping his body still, Grandad took hold of the sides of
Mom's head and moved it to and fro along his shaft. Her face was now
turned away from the camera, but small things indicated to me that
she was beginning to enjoy this; the way she began to clench the bed
sheet with her fist, her hips moving to meet the vagrant's incoming
thrusts, and the soft groans that came from her throat as Grandad
fucked her mouth, all gave her away.

I couldn't stand it any longer and I took my dick out and began to
pull myself off. Mom was covered in a glistening sheen of
perspiration now. And because of this, some of the grime had
transferred itself from the hobo's skin onto hers. She looked as
filthy as he did. And I could see the dirt on Mom's body wherever his
hands had touched her. Eventually, the hobo's face became contorted
and I knew he was near to emptying his load. His nails had made runs
in Mom's hold ups as his body reached a climax. With a roar he pulled
out of Mom and quickly moved up to straddle her breasts. He pulled
quickly at his throbbing penis and at last he shot pints of hot,
white muck over Mom's face and hair. Her left hand went to the
tramp's balls and she gave them a good squeeze and I knew for certain
that she was now enjoying her role as her Father's sex slave. Seeing
the hobo cum over Mom had the same effect on both my Grandad and me.
But where he got to empty himself down Mom's inviting throat, my load
went over the table that the TV was resting upon.

Both men stood up to get dressed, leaving Mom lying shagged out on
the bed. Grandad had made certain that any of the vagrant's juices
still covering Mom's face was scooped up and put into her mouth. As
he left, he assured Mom that in two weeks' time it would just be him
and her, and that he would make sure that the hobo didn't know where
she lived by blindfolding him on the way back as he had done on the
way in.

I heard them close the front door and Mom dragged herself into her
bathroom. That gave me the opportunity to get out of the house and to
return after eleven as expected. Mom wasn't up when I returned and
the lights were out in her room so I assumed she had gone to sleep. I
knew that I could retrieve the camera the next day and no one would
be the wiser.

A couple of days passed and I had finally worked up the courage to
approach Mom with my offer. Dad was still on his day shift, and Mom
and I were alone. With my heart in my mouth, I heard myself tell Mom
that I had a great new video that I thought she would like. She told
me to get it and play it downstairs. I was trembling as I placed it
in the VCR and pressed 'PLAY'. If you've ever passed a TV store in
the street that has had a camera pointing out at the passers by,
you'll know the delay when, at first, you don't recognise yourself on
screen in their window. That is how it hit Mom. She knew the room in
the video, but for a second or two she didn't know where she knew it
from. It all became crystal clear as she saw herself enter, followed
by Grandad and then the tramp.

Her mouth dropped open as I let the story play out. I wondered how
she would react. At last, Mom turned to me and said: 'I suppose this
means that I am to be your sex slave as well?' I looked at her and
just nodded. She said that there can't be too many women who have
been fucked by their Father and their Son. She asked what the terms
were to be. I explained that, like Grandad, I'd want to have her on
the week when Dad was on his night shift. I also mentioned that I had
two copies of the tape, in case she was thinking of getting smart.
Mom said there would be no need for any nastiness as she was quite
looking forward to some young meat for a change. Encouraged by her
reaction, I asked if we might go fuck now. 'It's too risky, your Dad
will be home any time now', she began, 'but I could give you a quick
blow job in your room, if you like'. Mom took me by the hand and led
me upstairs. As we walked, she said that what she'd really like is if
I took her out on a proper date. She said that she'd be certain to
give me lots of attention and flirting. With my dick getting ever
harder I suggested that next Friday might be a good night and we made
it a date.

Mom pulled me into my room and left the door ajar so that we could
hear Dad come in. She knelt in front of me and undid my trouser
zipper. It felt like I was in a dream; I was actually going to be
blown by my own Mom, just like I had fantasised. I looked down at her
below me. Mom was having trouble getting the zip over my bulge so I
kind of breathed in to make it easier for her. At last my pants were
undone and, using both hands, Mom pulled the top of my shorts down
thus freeing my hard on. I think she was impressed. 'My, my', she
exclaimed, ' you have grown bigger since I last saw your little man.
I know I'm going to like this' I still think about that first touch
of my Mom's hands on my most private organ. Surely, this is what
every boy dreams of at least once in his life, if he's honest.

Coyly, Mom looked up at me through half closed eyes as her hands
pulled back the foreskin of my prick. It was already wet, and as she
moved the tip of my knob around her face, it left a trail like a
snail. She flicked her tongue into my slit and I felt my knees begin
to buckle. Mom then opened her mouth wide and, still with her gaze
holding mine, slowly enveloped my dick. Her mouth was succulent as it
went about its business of bringing me to ecstasy. Mom's head began
to move quicker back and forth and her right hand was at the base of
my dick, gently wanking me. She twisted her head so that every time
my dick thrust in, it made her left cheek bulge outwards. This, and
the combination of her seductive stare, finally sent me to heaven.
Mom sensed I was cumming and started to pull me faster. I exploded
into the warmth of her mouth just as Dad came in through the front
door and asked if there was anyone home. I could hardly breathe, let
alone speak, and as Mom stood up in front of me and shouted that
she'd be right down, I could see the final traces of my semen in her
mouth before she swallowed. With a final wipe around her lips, she
let go of my dick and gave me a smile and told me she was looking
forward to our date.

I had to take the camera back to college, so I didn't know how Mom
got on with Grandad when he came around the following Wednesday, and
I didn't ask. I came home around four on the Friday and Dad was still
at home. I told him I had to get to the bathroom to get ready as I
had a hot date that night. As he left for work, Dad shouted up that I
should give the lucky girl one for him. Oh, I'd do that alright I
thought. Mom had asked me to wear a suit, and she was at home when I
got dressed and went downstairs.
She said that we should do this properly and that I should go out now
and call for her at seven thirty. I went to a nearby bar for a drink
and called back to my house at exactly the time arranged. I felt like
a nervous youth on his first date. Although I had a key I decided to
ring the doorbell. After what seemed like minutes, the door was
finally opened and Mom stood on the other side looking like a million
dollars. She had put her hair up so that it stood high on top of her
head and her lips were painted a shiny deep red. Around her long slim
neck she wore a black choker of pearls. She wore a little black
dress, fitted to the curves of her body and strapless. Her legs were
covered in sheer black nylons and on her feet she wore a pair of five
inch, black sandals with straps that went twice around her
ankles. 'Like what you see?' Mom asked. 'You look gorgeous, Mom', I
replied. 'Don't you think you'd better call me Laxmi tonight,
honey?'. 'No way', I began, ' Tonight I'll be fucking my Mom, that's
what is such a turn on. I don't want to forget who you are for one
minute'.

I took Mom's arm and escorted her to the car. I opened the door and
as she climbed in, the hem of her dress rose up revealing almost all
of her thighs. I could feel my shorts were wet already. I had booked
a table in a restaurant out of town, knowing that we wouldn't be
recognised. I took great delight in making sure everyone knew we were
mother and son. During dinner in a quiet booth, Mom came around close
to me and rubbed the inside of my calves with her heels.

We finished dinner around ten, and I really wanted to get back and
fuck Mom's ass until my dick was too sore to be touched. But she
persuaded me to take her out dancing. She said that the anticipation
would be divine. The night club was dark, the music dirty and the
floor was quiet. I ordered a couple of drinks and wondered if this
was the place where Grandad had spotted Mom with the guy who'd fucked
her in those photos. Mom teased me with the drinking straw as she ran
her tongue around it before placing it between her ruby lips. She
pulled me onto the dance floor as an old Barry White record came on.
We held each other close, and the scent of Mom's perfume and swaying
of her hips against my crotch drove me over the edge and I brought my
mouth down fiercely over hers. I had kissed Mom before, as a son does
kiss his mother, but now our lips were parted and our tongues
explored each other's mouths the way lovers do. I ran my hands over
her back and down to her ass. I gripped her cheeks and she kissed me
harder. I could tell that she wasn't wearing any panties. The horny
bitch wanted this as badly as I did.

I told her that I had had enough and that I wanted us to get down to
some serious sex. I took hold of her arm and dragged her to the car.
When I got in, I looked across at her. Mom had crossed her legs
towards me. The tops of her hold ups were showing as her dress came
high up her legs. Her strappy sandal brushed the knob of the gear
lever and I was aware of what she was suggesting. I drove homewards
at speed.

I put my hand on Mom's nylon covered knee. It felt electric. As the
moonlight filtered into the car I observed my hand as it travelled
along her long, slim thigh. At last I reached the top of her hold ups
and touched her bare skin. Mom uncrossed her legs and I looked down
to see that her knees were well parted. I let my hand move further
up, slowly, very slowly. All of a sudden, Mom turned to me and told
me to pull over and fuck her there and then. I told her that there
was too much risk of us being caught and that we'd be home in ten
minutes anyway. 'I can't wait that long, honey'. Mom pleaded. 'At
least stop and eat my pussy'. I knew there was a pull-in about a mile
ahead so I told Mom that I'd lick her out there. In the minute that
it took to get there, Mom squirmed as she rubbed the tops of her
thighs together. She was obviously dying for it.

As the car came to a halt, Mom pulled my head down to her cunny
before I even had time to engage the handbrake. She was completely
bare of pubic hair, and on that bright night, I could see the
moisture shining on her swollen pussy lips. I put my tongue in Mom's
snatch as far as it would go and devoured her sweet love juice. Mom
was pushing the back of my head but I was in all the way already. I
found her clitoris and flicked at it rapidly. It was just like a
hard, little prick. Mom started to groan loudly and I was pleased we
had the parking area to ourselves, even though I was aware of cars
passing by. Mom thrust her hips into my face and I bit and chewed on
her clit until, with a cry of 'Yes, yes , ohhhhhhh yesssss, Mom
finally had an orgasm. As my head left her crotch, she told me, in
panting breaths, to get home as quickly as I could because she wanted
to be fucked bad.

Five minutes later, as I was about to pull up outside our house, Mom
leaned forward in her seat and told me to pull down the zipper on the
back of her dress. As I did so, she held the front of the flimsy
material over her breasts. She was out of the car and teetering up
the beech lined path towards the front door before I had unfastened
my safety belt. I glanced at where she had been sitting and noticed
she had left about a three inch circle of dampness. As I got to about
ten feet behind her, Mom stopped and took her dress off completely.
She sauntered the rest of the way in just her hold ups and strappy
sandals. As I got to the front door and fumbled to put the key in the
lock, Mom knelt down and started to undo my belt. Man was she ready
for it or what!. I was so excited that my dick just sprung out as she
got the zipper down. The door opened and Mom pulled me in by my prick.

By the time I closed the door and turned around, Mom was already
spread eagled on the carpet at the foot of the stairs. 'Come on
honey, don't keep me waiting any longer, fuck your Mom now', she
begged me with outstretched arms. I fell to my knees at her parted
legs and thought of what I was about to do. Mom looked so hot and
inviting. Her hair was slightly disheveled and the choker of pearls
around her slim neck made me want to tie her up and slap her around a
bit. The thought of treating Mom rough finally got to my dick and I
slammed it into her tight, wet snatch with fury. At first Mom gasped
as I filled her up so violently. Then within half a minute she was
wailing in convulsions as she climaxed again. I looked down at my
poker as it rammed into her. Mom's long nails scratched over my back,
and I knew I'd be wanking tomorrow as they acted as a reminder of
tonight. I could feel the carpet burn my knees as I pumped at my slut
Mom, but I didn't care. Her body was glistening with sweat now, and
it made me remember how she had tried to disguise the extent to which
she had loved being fucked by the dirty old tramp that Grandad had
brought with him. The thoughts of what a filthy whore my Mom was just
made my dick even harder. I bent my head and forced my tongue into
Mom's mouth. She didn't resist, but just kissed me back even harder.

I could feel my balls were starting to erupt and I knew I was only
seconds away from cumming. Mom realised it too, and told me she was
dying to have her son cum all over her insides. She took hold of my
sack and started to gently squeeze it. I could feel my face contort
as I tried to hold it back for as long as possible. Mom was
encouraging me to let it come. Then, at last, with her soft voice
begging me to let her have it, I let my fluids come pouring out into
Mom's womb.

I rolled off Mom and we both lay down recovering our breath. I told
her that she was a dirty bitch and that the thought of treating her
roughly was the inspiration for the fuck I'd just given her. She
cupped my flaccid meat in her hand and said: 'Yes, I am a dirty
bitch. But remember, I'm your dirty bitch. If slapping me or binding
me up turns you on, who am I to stop you?' I could feel myself
getting hard again in her hands. It would be two hours before Dad got
home. I stood up and told Mom, to go up to my room. She asked where I
was going. I told her. 'Into the garage, to get some chains.'







 

 
