This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 21 - Eros (M+F+, inc, magic, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, rom, f-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's Note: This crossover involves characters from another of my stories, Eroji. You may want to read that first.

---

Hi, my name is Tom. I immolated a homeless person to summon a succubus to serve me, but I messed up the summoning. Instead of taking my soul, she stays here on Earth, killing the occasional person and smoking my weed. A witch named Kate lived in my closet, which was actually a portal into her lab, and a backfired potion made her fall in love with me. If I take Kate's virginity, though, she'll lose her magic.

More recently, Kate moved her portal to the trunk of Demie's classic 1967 Chevy Chevelle, and we're searching for the demon's brother, who was captured by person or persons unknown sometime in the 1950's.

---

We pulled up to the large old house after another half day of driving. Demie didn't need to sleep, so the trip took less than the two days it would normally have taken. I looked at the house, a classically designed split level, painted white, probably built in the 1940's. Somewhere in there, Demie's demon brother Eros was being held captive.

Demie, Kate, and I had discussed what we could expect. The only real way of capturing a demon was through magic or holy power, so we were either going to find a witch, warlock, or a member of the clergy. I hoped it was the latter, but given that Eros had disappeared almost 70 years ago, if the person who had captured him was still alive, that probably meant magic. Or they were really really old and decrepit, in which case I was good with that too. I was a lover, not a fighter.

We decided to play it stealthy, and Demie used her shapeshifting ability to unlock the back door. We found a door going down into the basement and a stairwell going up. Demie figured we should go down and Kate suggested up.

"Have you even seen a horror movie?" I hissed, incredulously. "You don't split up! Come on."

So we stuck together and searched the main floor. A nicely renovated kitchen, a bar, and a large living room. My eyes scanned the shelves of that last room as we looked for a clue.

No way...

I took an electronic device down from one shelf that held some board games. An Atari Jaguar! These things were rare! And it still had a game cartridge in it. I looked closer...it had a mottled brown label that said "Eroji" in a strange flowing script. I'd never heard of that one.

I took the commercially failed game console over to the TV.

"Found something?" Demie asked.

"Maybe..." I responded, hooking up the console's cables and turning everything on. Within a few seconds a digital version of the logo came up.

"Eroji?" Kate asked.

"Eros!" Demie exclaimed, and then she disappeared.

---

Kaden had just come home through the front door, accompanied by his cousin Kelsie, when he heard an unfamiliar voice yell something from the living room. The 18-year-old experienced a burst of adrenaline...intruders! He ran into the room.

He saw that the TV was on, and there were two strangers, a man and a woman, both brown-haired, staring at it. As he, too, looked at the screen, the room seemed to darken and the air got warmer. His adrenaline fizzled away.

Kelsie came up behind him, and as she also beheld the screen she could feel that everything was fine, that it was time...

'Time to play...Eroji!' showed on the screen in glorious 32-bit graphics accompanied with boppy electronic theme music. The screen changed, reading, 'It's just a game. You need to finish it.'

Everyone nodded.

---

Demie was in a small, dark movie theater, and on the screen before her was Tom, Kate, and two teenage newcomers looking back. Demie was looking out through the TV's screen!

"Tom!" she yelled at the screen. He didn't react.

"Hello?" she called out to the theater. There seemed to be no doors; it was a completely sealed room!

"Hey, sis," said a voice beside her. She turned to find her brother, Eros, in a black leather jacket, tight white t-shirt, and blue jeans. His dark hair was slicked back between his horns.

"Eros, what is this?"

"The penalty box," he replied. "I put unruly players here so I can have some fun with them, but it gives us a chance to catch up. Oop, just a sec..." He concentrated on the screen.

"Is that Kelsie? Oh, damn, yes!" Eros jumped up and down in glee, his barbed tail flapping about. He turned back to Demie. "Blondie only played the game once, and got away without any lasting consequences. I've been waiting to complete the set! Ha ha!"

---

I nodded my head. Yes, we had to finish the game...that made sense. I noticed that a couple of people had entered the room, but I wasn't worried. Everything was fine.

One was a skinny dark-haired young man and the other a slim blonde, both looking about the same age. "Hey, I'm Tom...this is Kate." I waved to them.

"Kaden...my cousin Kelsie," he said as he gestured to the cutie coming up beside him.

We all sat on the couch so that we had a good view of the TV and could reach the Jaguar's controller on the coffee table. On the screen it showed 4 figures flying down to a virtual game board. As they landed we could see that the figures looked just like us, though pixelated! Cool!

'Tom goes first,' said the screen, focusing on my avatar. I took the controller and pressed the plastic red A button. On screen, a virtual die rolled: 4. My avatar moved forward that many spaces on the board.

A virtual card showed on screen with 'Group Card' written on it, and then it flipped around to read, 'Everyone remove a large article of clothing, or 2 small.'

I slipped my t-shirt off and watched Kelsie, on my right, pull off her own, leaving her in her tight jeans and a yellow B-cup bra. Then I looked to my left, over at Kate. She was actually wearing clothes today, instead of the illusion of being dressed, but it was just a long, single piece black dress. She grumbled as she pulled it up and off of her, leaving her completely naked. She had "gone commando".

"Shit!" Kaden said on the far right side of the couch as he beheld Kate's nubile nakedness while pulling his pants off. What a weird choice...I wondered why he didn't take his t-shirt off instead, but then he sat cross-legged and stretched his t-shirt down across his knees to cover himself up almost completely. What a clever idea, I thought...he must have played this game before.

Kate's name showed on screen and she reached forward to the controller, her C-cup breasts falling forward as she did so. I heard both Kaden and Kelsie gasp at the sight. She got a 3. After her avatar moved, the card on screen said 'Wild Card'.

Something tickled my mind. I had seen that before, but when? When the virtual card flipped, I expected a face to be there for some reason, but instead it showed some text: 'Masturbate for 60 seconds.'

Kate lay back and looked at me, moaning, while she pleasured herself with her fingers. I could feel Kaden and Kelsie leaning forward to get a better view, and my chub went from half to full. After a minute Kate stopped and sat back up. Her nipples were hard and her pussy visibly wet, but she hadn't cum.

Kaden took his turn and got a General Card which only said, 'Player remembers'.

"Oh, God..." the boy moaned. "No...no..." He was clearly in distress, but we couldn't stop playing.

Kelsie took her turn and had to kiss me for 30 seconds. By the end of it we were both breathing heavily. The slim blonde was super sexy, and seemed to like how I kissed.

I looked back over at Kaden as I reached for the controller. He was crying now.

---

"Eros, what's going on? How are we in the TV?" Demie demanded.

"We're actually in the game, but that's hooked up to the TV. This is new for me, too, sis. Prior to the last playthrough I was trapped in a board game, but you gotta keep up with the times, right?" Eros grinned at her, showing his sharp teeth.

"Trapped?" On the screen, Tom was making out with the slim blonde next to him. The others sat still, watching and waiting. "Are you controlling them?"

"Yep! Back in the 50's a young warlock captured me and stuck me in a board game. Asshole used it to get laid. Then he had an accident and died, and I just sat there in the basement until a couple years ago. Then everything changed." Eros watched the screen intently. The teenage boy was crying now. "I've been manipulating this family since then...the shit I've made them do...but every time I've grown stronger."

---

I got 'Skip your turn'. Bit of a letdown compared to the kissing and masturbation, but it gave me some time to look over and ask, "Hey, Kaden, you okay?"

The kid looked back at me through red-rimmed eyes. "My sister...my cousin...this fucking game..."

"It's just a game," I replied, realizing how hollow the statement sounded in my ears.

He leaned forward. "I...think I might be my own great-grandfather."

I didn't know what to say to that. Then I felt Kate unzipping me. I sat back as she extracted my hard cock and started to suck on it. The screen said it was for one minute, and a timer was counting down. I moaned.

---

Demie stood up from her chair. "Let me out of here, Eros...we've come to rescue you."

Eros reclined, unconcerned. "I'm stuck this way, sis, and why would I want to go back to Hell? Look how much fun I get to have..." He waved at the screen as Kate sucked on Tom's cock.

"...and how much power this gives me." The room shook, as if to punctuate his statement.

"Eros..."

He stood up. "No, Demie, I won't be going back. Now sit down." His eyes glowed.

Demie sat and watched the screen.

Eros sat back down as well, putting his feet up and his hands behind his head. "Oh, I love this card. Too bad Kelsie won't remember it from before, since I only gave Kaden his memory back."

---

Kaden's card said for us to remove another large piece of clothing, so now we were all down to our underwear, except for Kate, who was already naked. Kelsie's Wild Card said, 'Masturbate a penis with it touching your genitals for 30 seconds.' Holy shit!

Kelsie turned to me and we stood up as one. I moved up close and she pulled my stiff cock back out of my underwear while I pulled her panties down a little. She stepped closer and gasped as she felt the head of my penis press against her mons.

She looked up at me. "Please don't cum...I'm not on the pill and I think I'm fertile right now..." And then she started to stroke me.

Shit! Why did she have to tell me that she was fertile? That was going to have the opposite effect of what she wanted! I clenched as best as I could as her hand slid up and down my cock, the head leaking pre-cum all around her pussy lips.

"Fuck...ohh..." I moaned. I wasn't going to be able to hold out!

Then she stopped, stepped back, and pulled her underwear back up. On screen, I saw that the timer had run out. I had been literally one stroke away from cumming!

"Thank God," she murmured as we sat back down.

---

Eros sat up. "I'm used to an inexperienced teenager playing. I guess your master's pretty good at holding his cum, huh? Oh look, it's his turn."

---

I got another Wild Card, and groaned as my instructions showed on screen: 'Unprotected vaginal intercourse and cum inside.'

I looked over at Kate. I couldn't! She would lose her powers if she lost her virginity. But the only other vagina was Kelsie's, and she wasn't safe...

I made my choice. "I'm sorry, but you can always take a morning after pill," I suggested to Kelsie as she lay back and I got between her legs.

"Oh, nooo..." she moaned as she pulled her panties to the side and I slipped "Tommy Gun" inside her tight pussy. Luckily, it seemed that Kelsie wasn't a virgin, as the moans and grunts she made as I thrust into her weren't from pain.

I normally do my best to make sure my partner cums before me, but I had already been on the edge from Kate's blowjob and then Kelsie masturbating me into her panties. I didn't last long.

"Ungh!" I grunted as my first blast of dangerous cum splashed inside her. Wait, did that count as cumming inside her? I tried to pull out to shoot the rest of it on her tummy, but her legs quickly wrapped around me, keeping me in place. "Unhh! Ohh..." I moaned as more spurts of sperm-filled semen inundated the poor girl's unprotected reproductive system. "Why?" I moaned into her ear.

As the last dribbles of my cum spilled into her, she replied, "I had to keep you from pulling out. The game said you had to cum inside. I couldn't control myself."

"I'm sorry," I told her again as I pulled back, a stream of my proven swimmers following my cock as it slipped out. Then her underwear snapped back over her pussy lips, keeping the rest in place.

Kate took her turn and had to give the player on her left (Kaden) a lapdance until another card told her to stop. She turned her back to the boy and rubbed her puffy pussy on his damp and increasingly wet underwear as they both moaned in pleasure and frustration.

"Pass me the controller, will you?" Kaden asked Kelsie. "I remember how this went last time..." He pressed the button. His avatar moved. The screen showed, 'Everyone's underwear disappears.'

We were suddenly all naked, which meant...

Both Kate and Kaden groaned at the feeling of their bare genitals rubbing against each other.

Oh no! One wrong move and Kate would lose her virginity anyway! And not to me!

Kelsie reached forward and pressed the button. 'Masturbate for 60 seconds.' "Ohh..." she moaned, but she had no choice. She lay back, dipping one finger into her spermy pussy lips as her other hand manipulated her clitoris.

My cock was getting hard again watching the slim blonde teen pleasure herself. She looked at me, but quickly looked away (in shame?), which meant she was now looking at Kate rubbing her pussy lips along Kaden's hard shaft. The sight must have been too much for Kelsie, and she started to cum.

"Ah! Ohno...ooo...ooo..." she gasped as her body shook in orgasm. She must have realized that orgasming increased her danger of pregnancy, but the timer hadn't finished. When it finally ran out, she quickly pulled her hands away, though her body still shook with orgasmic aftershocks.

I pressed the A button and watched as the virtual me moved three steps further along the board. How much further did we have to go to win?

The screen showed General Card: 'Skip your turn'. "Again? Huh."

"Tom!" I faintly heard Demie's voice. Where was it coming from? It seemed to be the TV's speakers. "Demie?"

Kate was passed the controller.

"I'm sorry," Kaden said as he pressed the button, "but..."

The screen read, 'Slip inside and keep going'.

"NO!" I yelled as Kate leaned a little too far forward on her next stroke along Kaden's cock shaft and the head penetrated her. She gasped as the rest of his cock followed, but to my surprise, Kelsie fell back, moaning.

"I'm...sorry...Kelsie," Kate said, unable to stop moving atop Kaden's cock.

I looked closer at Kelsie's vagina. I could only see a dark, spectral circle in its place. I looked up at Kate, confused.

She gave me a grim smile. "I...managed to...shift my lab portal...ughh...he's barely in me, not enough to take my virginity, but the rest of his cock...is in her."

Holy shit! I hadn't even noticed Kate casting a spell, but to be honest, I had been distracted.

"Unhh!" Kaden groaned, cumming.

"Ohhh!" Kelsie moaned, feeling her cousin's hot sperm splashing her innermost depths. That poor girl was definitely getting knocked up if she didn't get some pharmaceutical help.

---

"What just happened?" Eros asked, leaning forward as he watched the screen. Kate had gasped when Kaden's cock slipped inside her pussy, but then Kelsie was acting like she was getting fucked instead.

The male demon squinted his eyes. "Oh shit! Is Kate a witch? A portal spell? Aw, man, I'm not even angry! Yeah, sperm your cousin, Kaden! You're my fuckin' hero, man!" he shouted at the screen as he pumped his fist.

---

I held out the controller to Kaden. He pressed the button. General Card: 'Everyone return to their spots.'

Kate pulled up and off of Kaden's cock, a dollop of his cum spilling onto his lap as she did so. Kelsie gasped, feeling her cousin's cock slip out of her vagina.

I handed Kelsie the controller. "We gotta finish the game," I reminded her.

"Yeah...yeah..." she agreed, and pressed the button. Wild Card: 'Orgasm'.

Kelsie arched her back in a silent scream as she came hard. Her hips thrust upward, as if she needed a cock inside her, but that dark circle was all that showed between her legs. I imagined all the sperm that both Kaden and I had deposited within her, soaking into her cervix as it spasmed open and closed in orgasm, and my cock was hard as a rock again, just in time for my turn.

Wild Card again, and my favorite one: 'Unprotected vaginal intercourse and cum inside.'

"So many Wild Cards..." Kaden moaned, holding his head in dismay.

Kelsie's pussy was blocked by Kate's portal, so that meant...

Kate lay back and spread her legs. "C'mere, Tom. Sorry again, Kelsie..." She looked at the girl with pity, "...but we have to play the game."

I looked at Kate's pretty little pussy. It didn't seem any different, but if the portal was just inside her vagina then there was no way to tell without a closer look, and I had no time for that; I had some instructions to follow! I pressed the head of my cock against her opening and pushed.

"Ohh..." Kate moaned as the first little bit of her vagina felt me. Then Kelsie fell back again, groaning as I pushed more of my cock inside. I wasn't really inside Kate, but I felt closer to her than ever before, like I was making love to her for the first time. I moved forward to kiss her as I began to thrust.

"Unhh...aahh..." Kelsie groaned as my cock filled her up through the portal. I thrust all the way in and ground up against Kate's clit, giving the witch a little orgasm. Kate couldn't feel me all the way inside her, but I was going to make sure she enjoyed this.

"Ohhh...I love you..." she moaned.

"Mmm..." I hummed in response. I started to thrust again, making Kelsie shake and gasp more.

Although I had cum earlier, the naughtiness of seemingly fucking Kate in her pussy, and the thought that I was going to cum deep within Kelsie's fertile insides again put me over the edge within a few minutes. "Unnh! Yeah!" I rammed into Kate harder and harder as my balls gave up their second load of the day.

"Ohhh...I wish I could feel it..." Kate moaned. I ground up against her clit again, giving her another small orgasm as the last of my sperm dribbled into Kelsie's sopping, unprotected reproductive system.

I awkwardly reached over and handed the controller to Kate while remaining inside her/Kelsie. She got a 5, and we watched her virtual avatar move along the board. The game music built up as it progressed, until...

A trumpet trilled success. On the screen it showed, 'Winner!' surrounded by pixelated fireworks.

"Oh, I won!" Kate said, and pushed me out of her. "It's going to take forever to hook my portal back up to the lab again, but..." She snapped her fingers, the black circle disappeared from Kelsie's vaginal opening, and sperm started to burble out of the poor blonde. She moaned, thoroughly spent.

Then Demie suddenly appeared next to the couch. "Tom, Eros..."

A discordant sound played from the screen, attracting our attention. We all looked. It said, 'It was just a game. Forget, and tell no one.'

We got dressed, though without our underwear, as that had disappeared earlier in the game, and Kaden put the Atari Jaguar with the Eroji cartridge back up on the shelf. Then Demie, Kate, and I left the house and drove away.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)