My Shy Wife Is Now A Shameless Exhibitionist 
by happyguy987

My Shy Wife Is Now A Shameless Exhibitionist - Part 1 
      
      I don't think I'm the only husband who enjoys having his wife show off her tits.  My name is John, and my thirty-four-year-old wife, Susan, has a great body.  She works out every day and is a ballroom dancer. She is cute and wholesome with a kick-ass body: 32-23-34 measurements and a size zero. Her natural tits are eye-popping D-cup.  Her nickname is Barbie. 
      I met Susan at a bar when she was only twenty-two.  She was very reserved and I got her phone number from her friend. On our first four dates, she met me at our destination so she would have her car if she felt the date wasn't going well.  With her looks and body, she had been stalked on several occasions and was very defensive and cautious. 
      It took me over a month to get Susan to come up to my apartment.  I suspected she had a great body, but she dressed very conservatively and was always buttoned up. I had earned her trust and she felt comfortable enough with me to make out and let me explore her body with my hands. When I felt her huge tits, I was pleasantly surprised.  She let me take off her top and bra, but that's as far as we got that night. 

      ******

      We dated for two years before I popped the question and we got engaged. During those two years, we took a Caribbean vacation each year. I love seeing Susan in a bikini, as did all the men who stared at her body.  She wore modest bikinis, but her body turned heads.  The women glared at her while their boyfriends and husbands stared. I was always horny knowing what men were thinking when they watched Susan at the pool or beach. 
      One of our destinations was St. Martin. St. Martin beaches are topless and, like all men, I certainly enjoyed seeing naked tits. There was no way Susan would go topless, even though I suggested it.  I remember asking her, "Susan, why don't you take off your top and let the horny guys see your tits and nipples?" 
      Susan smiled at me and answered, "You want me to show off my tits to strange men? You won't be jealous if they stare at my tits and my nipples are hard?  What if they take photos?  Are you a pervert?"
      I was honest with my response.  I said, "Susan, it does make me horny to think about other men seeing your naked tits.  They are strangers so it would be our secret.  If they took photos, I know they would look at them when they got home and beat-off looking at your tits.  That's pretty nasty."
      Susan agreed, as a compromise, to get a skimpy bikini to wear instead of her modest bikini.  The top was tiny and her 32D tits were bulging to break free. The bikini bottom was still modest, not a G-string as I suggested.  Susan actually enjoyed the attention.
      We fucked every night and talked about her being an exhibitionist.  She wore some low cut dresses to dinner and showed off a lot of cleavage. Susan admitted that it did make her horny knowing other men were ogling her body.  But there was no way I could get her to go topless. 

      ******

      We had a very nice wedding with lots of friends. For our honeymoon, we went to a luxury resort in Tahiti. I had done research to confirm Tahiti had topless beaches.   Susan packed some sexy dresses and brought three skimpy bikinis. I knew better than push my topless fantasy, and was content to have Susan parade in front of men in her skimpy bikinis.
      Susan wore sexy clothes to dinner and admitted she enjoyed the attention.  On our third day, Susan surprised me by wearing a G-string bottom.  I didn't even know about it until we were at the beach.  Susan wore a coverup to the beach, and I watched in disbelief as she took off the coverup and turned around to show me her sexy, naked butt.  Susan grinned at me and said, "John, how does my butt look? Are you okay with other men seeing my naked butt?  Does it make you hard?  Is your cock stirring in your bathing suit?"
      I smiled from ear-to-ear and said, "You look great.  What a nice surprise.  You know I enjoy having you show off your body and it does make me horny knowing what other men are thinking when they stare at you."
      Susan teased me all day at the beach.  We walked the beach and were aware of men taking photos of Susan as she walked by.  Needless to say, I fucked Susan good and hard that night.  And, her pussy was as wet as I could ever remember as we recounted her naughty behavior at the beach, flaunting her body.
      We stayed at the pool the next morning, with Susan wearing her G-string bikini.  We sat next to a couple a few years older than us and shared with them that we were on our honeymoon.  Dave and Cindy were friendly, and Dave was a little too obvious eying Susan in her bikini.  Cindy seemed okay with Dave staring at Susan's body.  We made arrangements to go to dinner with Dave and Cindy.
      As we walked out the door for dinner, I looked at Susan and remarked, "Susan, I don't remember that dress.  Do you think it's low cut enough?  Your cleavage is R-rated for sure."
      Susan just smiled and said, "It's not showing off anything close to what I display in my bikini.  And, I think Dave will enjoy it.  I know he likes staring at my body."
      We had a great dinner and Dave did, indeed, stare at Susan's tits.   He was like a dog in heat.  Cindy tolerated her dirtbag husband and his lecherous staring.
      Susan attacked me when we got back to our room.  She was horny and wanted to fuck.  She looked at me and admitted, "John, it makes me really horny knowing that Dave was staring at my tits all night.  I felt bad for Cindy but didn't really care.  I have to guess you enjoyed me showing off my body."
      I answered honestly and replied, "I did enjoy the show, at the pool and at dinner.  Dave is a little too obvious.  Now take off your clothes and spread your legs.  You need to be fucked like the naughty little wife you are."
      The next day we went to the beach, sat in our lounge chairs, and watched people walk by.  About one in three women were topless.  Susan looked at me with a smirk and asked, "Do you enjoy seeing the naked tits?  Do you wish I'd take off my top and show off my tits?"
      I laughed and answered, "Yes and yes."
      Susan stood up and suggested we go for a walk.  I stood up and was shocked when Susan took off her top and threw it at me.  She laughed and asked, "So, dirtbag, do my tits look nice?  Will you enjoy other men staring at my naked tits? My tits do flop around when I walk.   Let's go put on a show."
      I was speechless, horny, and shocked.  Susan's tits looked great.  Her tan lines showed off her white tits, making it obvious this was her first time topless. Her nipples are dark and really stand out.  When she took off her top, her nipples were hard.
      We walked hand-in-hand as Susan's tits bounced and flopped around as we walked.  The beach was fairly crowded, and Susan did make quite the sexy, naughty wife as she showed off her great body.  We walked past an open-air bar and Susan looked at me and asked, "John, are you happy with me being topless?  Let's stop in at the bar and get a drink. I'll flirt with some guys as they check out my tits and hard nipples.   They are hard, aren't they?  My pussy is dripping wet.  I feel like a slut."
      I didn't even answer as Susan headed up to the bar.  There were a dozen or so men and only two or three women at the bar.  All the men stared at Susan as she went to the bar with her tits bouncing as she walked up.  There were two seats at the bar which we took. The men saw topless women at the beach but not at the bar. We got our beers and it didn't take long for the guy next to Susan to strike up a conversation.  He stared at her tits and introduced himself as Tim. He was all but drooling. 
      Tim was pretty direct when he said, "I feel like I won the lottery with you sitting here. Hope you don't mind me saying, but you have great tits.  I mean you have a great body, but your tits are like, wow!"
      Susan just smiled and replied, "Thank you. My husband, John, tells me that all the time. He talked me into going topless. I'm just a little embarrassed that my nipples are so hard. Or maybe you didn't notice. I'm sure he appreciates your comment."
      Susan looked at me and said, "John, does it make you horny that Tim enjoys seeing me topless?"
      Tim was staring at me, not knowing what to make of Susan's comments. I just laughed and looked over at Tim and commented, "Susan is pulling my chain. I do like her showing off her great tits. I'll admit it does make me horny to know I'm sharing my wife's body with strangers."
      Tim laughed and said, "Let me buy you guys another beer.  You are one lucky guy.  I'm not married, but I think I'd be too jealous to let my wife parade around topless. But, hey, I appreciate you sharing.  In fact, I know some guys even like to watch their wife fuck other guys while they watch.  Any chance you'd like to watch me fuck Susan?  Don't get mad, I'm just asking."
      Tim caught me by surprise, so I just laughed and said, "No problem asking, but the answer is no.  I don't mind Susan showing off her body, but I don't want to see another guy's cock in her pussy."
      Susan glared at both of us and said, "Hello.  I'm still here.  What do you think I am, a piece of meat for you two pigs to haggle over? Frankly, Tim, if I wanted to fuck you, I would make that decision, not John."
      Tim didn't miss a beat.  He looked at Susan and asked, "So, Susan, would you like to fuck me?  We can go to my place or yours, and John  can watch, or not.  That's up to you."
      Susan laughed hysterically and said, "Tim, you are a piece of work.   Actually, I would like to fuck you, but I won't.  And if I did, I'd make sure John was there to watch.  If he was watching it wouldn't be cheating, and I'll never cheat on my husband.  It is pretty naughty, to think about another cock in my pussy as John watches me get pounded."
      It was time to go, for sure.  The conversation with Tim was a surreal moment.  Susan was bold and brazen.  I have to guess that her being topless made her horny and aggressive.  This was a side of Susan I didn't know existed.
      As we left the bar, Susan was laughing.  She commented to me, "John, that was hilarious. Tim was certainly aggressive.  I have to ask, would you like to watch me fuck a stranger like Tim?  That's pretty nasty.  But, since you enjoy seeing me topless in front of other men, would you like to watch me get fucked? Who knows, I might just be into that. I'll bet Tim has a big cock."
      I was silent as I pondered what had just happened.  In fact, it had always been my fantasy to not only see Susan topless at the beach, but to see her getting fucked by a stranger.   I would beat-off at home thinking about Susan getting fucked while I watched.   But that wasn't something I was ready to admit to.
      I laughed and said to Susan, "I do enjoy seeing you topless, and did enjoy our conversation with Tim.  But, I think we'll leave it at you showing off your tits, not spreading your legs."
      When we got back to our lounge chairs, Susan suggested we go to the pool.  I agreed and suggested she put her bikini top back on.  While there were plenty of topless women at the beach, there weren't any at the pool.
      Susan looked a little defiant as she started walking to the pool with her tits flopping and bouncing.  She looked at me and said, "I think I'll stay topless.  I won't be needing a top for the rest of our stay.  I like being a naughty newlywed, showing off my tits on my honeymoon.
      We got to the pool and Susan saw Cindy and Dave.  Dave spotted Susan and had a big shit-eating grin on his face when he saw that Susan was topless.  Susan stood in front of Dave and asked, "Dave, should I put my top back on?  I don't want to make you feel uncomfortable with my tits exposed.  My nipples are hard, so I guess you can see I've been pretty naughty, and it's made me kind of horny.  I'm actually glad you get to see my tits."
      Dave was checking out Susan as he answered, "Susan, I'm fine if you stay topless. You've made my day.  Seeing your tits out in the open is a pretty exotic sight. Your tan lines confirm you haven't done this before.  And, I do see your nipples are standing at attention. So you are obviously enjoying yourself."
      Dave looked over at me and said, "Oops, I hope I didn't say anything to offend you, John.  Your wife's tits are amazing, just saying."
      I nodded my head and told Dave all was well. 
      Over the next six days, Susan never did put her top back on.  She was topless all day at the beach, open-air bar, small beach shops and at the pool.  She actually posed for photos with guys, including Dave.  I noticed that Dave's hand was under Susan's boob, supporting it inappropriately. But I just took the photo and didn't say anything.  And Susan didn't push his hand away. 
      Susan and I fucked like dogs every day.  Her naughty behavior was a real turn-on.  When I asked her about Dave cupping her right tit for the photo, Susan admitted it excited her.  She actually told me, as we fucked, that she would be willing to fuck a stranger if I wanted to watch.  She told me that she was my little slut wife and she would help me live out my fantasies if that's what I wanted.  That is what I wanted, but I wouldn't admit it.  
      I did get turned on when Susan would ask me, "Dave, would you like to see a hard cock in my pussy?  Would you like to watch me give a stranger a lap dance, as he thrust his cock in and out of my cunt?  Would you like to see me suck a stranger's big dick?  How about me getting fucked like a dog, on my hands and knees?  I could be your hot-wife."

Our honeymoon changed Susan and made her more outgoing. She openly flirts with guys and wears low cut dresses at every opportunity.  She is more confident in her body and enjoys the attention she gets from horny guys staring at her.  Susan's go-to fantasy is her fucking a stranger while I watch.
      I am responsible for creating a shameless exhibitionist. I never tire of seeing Susan show off her body.  My friends are jealous, and so are their wives. They all want to have a hot body like Susan has.  But none of her friends are willing to put in the time and effort to have a toned hot body.

  
My Shy Wife Is Now A Shameless Exhibitionist - Part 2

      Susan was forever changed by our naughty honeymoon. Going topless in Tahiti was very sexually exciting to Susan as she exposed her naked tits to strangers. It had always been my fantasy to have Susan go topless in public.  What I didn't anticipate was that Susan would embrace her exhibitionist behavior and push the boundaries.  Her fantasy is now getting fucked by another man while I watch. Part of me does want to watch Susan get fucked by a stranger, but that is my fantasy.  I'm not sure I really want things to go that far. 
      When we returned from our honeymoon our sex life was intense. We fucked every night as Susan relived her exhibitionist behavior. She always asked if I wanted to watch her fuck a stranger.  She would be very explicit when she asked, "John, do you want to see another man's hard cock penetrate my pussy?  Do you want to watch me suck a stranger's hard dick? Can I be a really naughty hot-wife?"
      I dismissed all this as pillow-talk.  But I also wondered if the day would come that I would actually watch Susan getting fucked. 

      ----------

      Shortly after we got home from our honeymoon, Susan surprised me when she told me about a conversation with her girlfriends.  She said to me, "John, the girls were very surprised when I told them I went topless in Tahiti. They were shocked that I showed off my tits, and that you were okay with other men seeing me topless."
      I responded, "Susan, that was supposed to be our secret. Now they will tell their husbands you went topless and showed off your tits. They will find that very exotic, and it's a little embarrassing for me."
      Susan laughed and said all her friends admitted they would like the opportunity to go topless. She then confided in me that her friend, Linda, told her that she had sexy lingerie photos taken for her husband to enjoy. And her husband was okay with her modeling see-thru attire. 
      Susan then asked me, "John, would you like me to have some sexy photos taken by a professional? We have some naughty photos from our honeymoon, but they aren't professional.  Linda really likes her naughty photos."
      I responded, "Susan, I don't think you should do that in our hometown. It's one thing to go topless in Tahiti, it's totally another thing to have sexy photos taken here at home. But, it's up to you."
      About a month passed when Susan asked me if I wanted to go with her to check out her sexy photos and decide which ones to buy.  I was stunned.  I said, "Susan, what the hell are you talking about?  Did you get lingerie photos taken? I thought we decided that wasn't appropriate."
      Susan laughed and said, "John, you said it was my decision.  And, I really wanted to do it   Just think, you'll have some really sexy professional photos of me in various stages of undress.  Joan and her husband, Bill, were very professional."
      I stammered, "You went to Joan and Bill?  We see them all the time   They take family photos for all our friends.  This is going to be awkward.  What if they show them to customers to showcase their work?"
      Susan responded, "They won't show them to anyone   They are professionals and do this for a living.  Joan didn't name names, but did say they take sexy lingerie photos for a lot of couples."
      I gulped and said, "Holy shit.  You've blown my mind.  I guess we can go and check out the photos.  I hope I'm not embarrassed."
      Susan smiled and said, "John, I hope aren't embarrassed.  Everything was professional.  You liked me being topless on our honeymoon, so I have to think you'll be really horny after you see me naked."
      I stared at Susan and couldn't wrap my mind around what she said.  My cock was getting hard as I asked, "Naked?  You got naked for your photos? Bill saw you nude?  He saw your pussy? He has photos of your pussy?"
      Susan said, "Let's go.  So what that Joan, Bill and Mike saw me naked? I found it very exciting.  When I took off my panties I could tell Bill and Mike were excited.  They both adjusted the bulges in their pants."
      I now was in total disbelief.  I asked, "Who the hell is Mike?"
      Susan explained that Mike helped with the lighting.  My cock was rock hard as I imagined two men seeing Susan naked and taking photos they have access to.  I could imagine both of them sneaking photos of her they could view and masturbate to at home.  I know I would if I had the chance.
      We got to the studio and went to the viewing room with Joan and Bill.  They were professional, and booted up their computer to view the photos so we could decide which ones to purchase.  I was nervous and had a sick feeling of what I would see.
      Things started out slowly  Susan looked really sexy in a red nightgown.  Her nipples were visible.  There were various poses.  The next photo showed Susan with the straps of her nightgown off her shoulders, and the top of her nightgown slipping down with her cleavage on view.  Then the next photos were Susan topless wearing a G-string.
      My cock was hard.  Bill commented very matter-of-factly, "Susan has a great body.  Her natural firm breasts are very exotic. I hope you like these, John. They are very tasteful."
      I just nodded my head and didn't respond.  There had to be twenty or more photos of Susan in different poses. The photos included shots of Susan looking embarrassed, with her hands covering her nipples.  Then photos of one breast fully exposed while her hand covered the other breast.  The photos were very professional.  Susan was silent. I was aroused.
      In the next batch of photos, Susan was nude.  She was on her stomach with a sexy shot as she looked into the camera and leaned on her elbows.  Her tits were fully exposed, her nipples were hard, and she was smiling ear-to-ear. I wanted to masturbate in the worst way.  I knew my cock was slippery with cum oozing from the tip of my penis.
      When photos of Susan with her pussy on view showed up on the computer monitor, I nearly lost it.  Bill said, "John, we can Photoshop some of these if you want them to be less explicit. I see now that Susan's legs were spread a little too far apart in some of these photos.  Some adult magazines would love these, but I can see now that her pussy is wide open with more on display than you might be comfortable with."
      I needed to get out of there. I was embarrassed and wanted to hide.  Here I was looking at photos of Susan, with her legs spread apart, knowing that Bill and Mike probably had copies of these at home. The only question was how many times they had masturbated looking at Susan's photos. 
      Susan and I left the studio without placing an order for any photos.  I simply told Joan that Susan would be back to place the order.  I was speechless, embarrassed, mortified and sexually aroused to an extreme.   When we got to the car, Susan was a little concerned.  She asked, "John, are you okay?  You seem really upset.  I really thought you'd love the photos.  And, I think you were aroused thinking of me being naked in front of Bill and Mike, with my pussy exposed.  Did your cock get hard?  Be honest."
      I looked at Susan as I rubbed my cock.  I was honest and said, "Susan, you were a real slut.  I am so horny right now I want to beat off in the car.  Bill and Mike saw my cute wife naked with her tits and pussy on display.  And, I bet your pussy was soaking wet."
      Susan smiled and admitted she enjoyed being naked, especially when she removed her panties.  She said, "John, when Bill suggested I take off my panties, I felt so naughty.  As I removed my panties I could tell that both Bill and Mike couldn't wait to see my pussy.  Bill even commented how nicely trimmed my bush was.  He called it a landing strip.  I was so horny.  I wanted them both to fuck me.  Joan was professional but also knew the guys were a little over the top."
      We got home, stripped naked, and I fucked Susan like a dog in heat.  I called her a slut.  She just laughed at that.  She simply said, "I was naughty, wasn't I?  And, I do think Bill and Mike both have photos to enjoy at home.  It turns me on knowing they masturbate looking at me naked.  And I'll bet you will be beating off as you think about me being naked in front of them.  I'll get photos so you can also enjoy them in private."

      ----------

      We planned our next vacation for Jamaica.  Susan picked a luxury resort that had a topless and a clothing-optional beach and pool.  She enjoyed being naked in front of Bill and Mike and wanted the option to get naked on vacation.  I was okay with that, and had accepted that Susan really enjoyed being an exhibitionist.
      When we arrived at our resort, we noticed a lot of security.  There was a perimeter fence and guards were walking the grounds.  We had done our research and discovered that crime is a problem in Jamaica, but the resorts were very safe.
      Susan wasted no time shedding her clothes to go to the beach.  She was topless with a tiny bikini bottom.  Her large tits were bouncing as we headed to the topless beach.  Susan said, "John, let's start with the topless section of the resort.  I'll need a little time and lots of alcohol before I go naked in public."
      I have to say there were a lot of sexy women on the beach.  And they were mostly all topless.  We found some lounge chairs and struck up a conversation with an attractive couple a little older than us.  Nancy and Mark had been at the resort for a few days, and shared information about the all-inclusive restaurants and bars.  And Nancy had a spectacular body with very nice tits.  I could tell that Mark was enjoying seeing Susan's tits as well.  We agreed to join them for dinner.
      Susan wore a sexy dress to dinner that showed a lot of cleavage.  Since Mark had already seen her naked tits, I wasn't phased a bit.  Nancy talked about security and told us if we went into town we should hire one of the security guards to go with us for protection. That made a lot of sense.  Nancy then joked by adding, "Susan, the security guards are all real hunks.  They can be a little forward if you give them any encouragement.  So, be careful.  They see you topless or naked on the grounds and might think you'd be open to a little action on the side.  I've heard rumors that it isn't uncommon for cute, young American women to sample a big black cock while on vacation."
      Susan seemed a little surprised by Nancy's comments.  She joked, "So, Nancy, have you sampled a big black cock since you've been here?"
      Nancy looked at Mark and said, "No, but I'll admit it crossed my mind. It's hard not to think about it when you're naked and talking to one of the security guards who is looking at your naked tits and pussy. I have teased a few of them, which is okay with Mark, but that's as far as I go."
      Mark laughed and said, "Nancy does tease them, and she gets pretty horny, knowing they would like nothing more than having sex with her."
      We spent the next couple of days getting comfortable with the resort.  We hung out with Mark and Nancy at the topless pool and the nude beach.  Nancy couldn't wait to take off her bikini bottom, but I was more than a little uncomfortable taking off my swim trunks.  My dick is about average, so I have nothing to be ashamed of.  Nancy checked me out, and Susan certainly checked out Mark's cock.  It was all a little surreal.  Being naked with friends during the day, and then going out to dinner like everything is normal.
      Susan really enjoyed being naked in public. She asked me if I thought Mark liked seeing her naked.  I just laughed and said, " Of course he does.  Just like I enjoy looking at Nancy.  But thankfully they obviously aren't swingers, or they would have made a move on us."
      Susan just grinned and replied, "I'd fuck Mark in a heartbeat.  And you could watch.  I'll bet you'd like to fuck Nancy.  Should I ask her tomorrow if they'd like to swap?"
      I glared at Susan and said, "You are really a piece of work.  Sometimes I don't know when you are joking or being serious."
      Susan laughed and added, "How about a fling with one of the security guards?  I've been thinking I'd like to try out a big black cock.  And you can watch me get ravaged.  How's that sound?"
      I looked at Susan and said, "I may just call your bluff.  I think you talk a good game, but I can't imagine you actually want one of the black security guards to get in your pants."
      Susan giggled and replied, "I don't wear pants here."
      Mark and Nancy left the next day.  We enjoyed spending time with them, and Susan and Nancy really hit it off.  They would sit and laugh about who knows what.
      Susan told me she missed Nancy as soon as they were gone.  Susan then said, "John, Nancy confided in me that she actually fucked one of the security guards.  Mark had gone fishing and she stayed at the resort.  One of the security guards noticed that Mark wasn't there and was pretty forward with her.  She was naked and he kept complimenting her. She joked with him that he should get naked so she could check him out.  One thing led to another and she found herself back in her room with the hunk.  He took off his clothes and Nancy said he had the biggest cock she had ever seen.  She let down her guard and let him fuck her while Mark was out fishing.  She said it was the best fuck of her life, and a secret she would have to keep from Mark."
      My mind was completely blown.  I pictured Nancy getting fucked by a black stud. My cock was hard.  I said to Susan, "I am having trouble knowing that Nancy cheated on Mark. I wish I was a fly on the wall and could have watched her getting fucked."
      Susan grinned and said. "John, I'd never cheat on you. But you could watch me fuck one of the security guards,  I'd like to experience a huge cock in my pussy.  And we are on vacation.  No one would know.  Do you want me to fuck a black stud?"
      I answered quickly, "Absolutely not.  Fantasy is one thing.  Actually doing it is another thing.  Let's just keep it our fantasy."
      Susan looked disappointed but simply replied, "Okay.  But you can't blame me for trying."
      The next day we decided to go into town and needed a security guard for protection.  Susan said she'd find one. We went to the nude beach and I watched as Susan approached one of the guards.  She was naked, smiling and laughing as she talked to Manuel.  I could tell he was checking her out.  She came back and said, "Manuel said he'd be happy to escort us into town after lunch.  We are supposed to meet him in the parking lot."
      After lunch, we headed to the parking lot and found Manuel standing next to a Jeep.  We drove into town and spent a nice afternoon visiting the shops. We drove back to the resort and, as we parted company with Manuel, Susan surprised me by asking Manuel if he wanted to stop by our room for a drink. He readily accepted.
      We headed to our room and I whispered to Susan, "This is a bit unusual.  I don't know if we are supposed to hang out with the resort employees.  I guess it's okay.  We did have a nice afternoon."
      Part of me had to wonder if Susan was thinking dirty thoughts about Manuel. I dismissed my fears and felt okay having drinks with Manuel.
      We got to our room and I got beers from our refrigerator. Susan said she wanted to change and freshen up.   Manuel and I had a nice conversation.  He said he enjoyed being a security guard, the pay was good, and he enjoyed seeing naked American women on vacation. He then volunteered that he thought Susan had a great body.  He added that she had the nicest tits he had ever seen.
      I felt a little uncomfortable, but he had seen Susan naked. And she does have a great body. No big deal. He was just being a guy.
      Susan joined us in a sexy outfit wearing a white tank top.  I could clearly see her dark nipples.  Manuel smiled when he saw Susan. We chatted and drank our beers. Manuel looked at Susan and said how much he enjoyed spending time with us.
      Susan asked Manuel, "Do you enjoy working here?  Do you enjoy seeing all the naked women?  I'll bet you do.  Have you ever fucked a guest?"
      I immediately jumped in and said, "Susan, that's not an appropriate question. What's gotten into you?"
      Manuel laughed and responded, "Yes, I've had the opportunity to fuck a few guests.  No big deal. I never push it, but if the opportunity presents itself, why not?  I have to ask, are you interested?  Just asking."
      Susan then removed her top and exposed her breasts to Manuel. She looked at me and said, "I'd never cheat on John, but if he's okay with it, I'd love to fuck you.  Are you okay if Manuel fucks me?  You can watch."
      My cock was hard. My mind was racing.  I stammered, "I can't believe I'm saying this, but okay.  Go ahead and fuck Manuel if he's up for it."
      I looked at Manuel, who was grinning as he responded, "I'd love to fuck you, Susan.  You aren't the first couple to offer me a chance to fuck a cute, young married housewife from America. And some husbands seem to like to watch."
      Manuel then stood up and stripped naked before I could change my mind.  Susan and I both stared at a huge black cock ready for action. Susan took off her clothes and went to Manuel and embraced him.  They started kissing as Manuel fondled Susan's large tits. Susan stroked Manuel's hard cock as she looked over at me.  She asked me, "John, are you okay?  This will be fun. You can take a video of me fucking Manuel."
      I didn't respond. Susan led Manuel into our bedroom and lay down on the bed.  Manuel got on the bed and immediately spread Susan's legs and went to town licking her pussy and fondling her tits.  I took out my iPhone and recorded the X-rated action.
      Susan was moaning with pleasure. She panted, "Eat me. Lick my wet pussy. Your tongue feels so good. Keep going."
      I was mesmerized watching a black stud going down on Susan.  Manuel got on his knees and I saw his huge cock angled for Susan's pussy. He pushed the head of his cock into her wet cunt and she blurted out, "Give me that big black cock. Fuck me hard."
      Manuel penetrated Susan's wet cunt. He thrust his cock in and out of her pussy. Susan grabbed his ass as he pushed his cock into her cunt. She cried out, "Holy shit, you are so big. Give it all to me.  Fuck me good.  I want that big black cock buried inside me."
      I captured all the nasty action on my phone. My mind was racing, and I was horny beyond description as I watched my cute wife being ravaged by a big black cock.
      Susan was in ecstasy. She fondled Manuel's balls as he thrust his cock inside her pussy.  She asked Manuel, "Does that feel good? Your cock is so big and so are your balls. This feels so nasty.  And my husband is watching me get fucked. This is the best fuck I've ever experienced."
      I then realized Manuel didn't have a condom.  Just as the thought crossed my mind, Manuel shuddered and dumped a huge load of cum into Susan's pussy. Susan exploded with a violent orgasm as Manuel filled her cunt with his creamy cum.
      Manuel collapsed on top of Susan.  He was spent. He rolled off her, and as he did, I could see cum dripping from his cock. And, when I looked at Susan with her legs spread apart, there was cum dripping out of her pussy.  This was so wrong.  But also, so exciting to have captured on video.  My beautiful young wife lying naked on the bed with a black stud, and with cum dripping out of her pussy.  Wow!!!
      Susan looked at me and simply said, "Thank you, John.  My fantasy is now a reality. And boy, was that a good fuck. I plan on having another round with Manuel if that's okay.  I'll bet I can get him hard again."
      Sure enough, it didn't take long for Manuel's huge cock to get hard for another round. He positioned Susan on her knees and fucked her doggie-style.  He plunged his cock deep into Susan's pussy as he fondled her tits. He slapped her ass and blurted out, "Susan, you are so nasty.  Your husband is watching you fuck. And boy, can you fuck. This is a fun afternoon for sure."
      He dumped another load of cum into Susan's pussy. The two of them collapsed on the bed and embraced like two lovers. Susan moaned in satisfaction.
      Manuel got up, went back into the living room, and got dressed. He poked his head back into the bedroom and simply said, "Thanks for a great fuck, Susan.  I'll see you around the resort.  Have a great night."
      Manuel disappeared, I stripped off my clothes and climbed on top of Susan for sloppy seconds.  Or should I say thirds. My fantasy had been realized, and I was not upset in the least.  It was all captured on video for me to enjoy in the future, as I would certainly enjoy watching.
      We had a few more days at the resort, which we enjoyed to the fullest. We saw Manuel and were very causal and friendly like nothing had happened.  It was all a little surreal.
      My once-shy wife, the shameless exhibitionist, was now officially a hot-wife. 
    