CAROL, MOM & ME  85


     Everyone seemed in a much happier mood now. The only fear was Jimmy's spleen surgery, set for Monday morning.
Our two cars arrived back at the house within 20 minutes. Mom and Lisa went in and started making more snacks, and then went up to put on their suits.

Dad was still amazed about the money, and talking about the car we bought for Carol.
Dan and Nikki went across the road for their suits.
Annette and Jack were pulling in the drive as they were returning.

Again, we gathered around the pool. Lisa brought out a couple trays and mom followed with two more. I had brought up the beer.

Well, it looks like almost a couple of years of college for the kids now, with that gift, Jack said.
Yeah, dad said. My head is still spinning.

I looked at mom now. She was sitting near Nikki and Dan.

After a while, Nikki got up and asked me to swim with her.
It was dark now, and I put the music on before jumping in the pool.

Billy, she said. I think Annette is going to make a move on my dear beloved brother in a while.....as she watched Annette lean over to kiss Dan.
Uh Oh. I said. I didn't think she would be in the mood tonight.

It looked like Lisa was catching Annette's lead now, and was busy talking with dad.
I saw mom inching into the pool in the corner now.

I mentioned to Annette that Jack was eyeballing her right now, but not to let him realize she knew.

Well, if Annette can go after Danny, then I'll make the move on him. he's not as good as you Billy, but he's not toobad either. Have fumn I said. Nikki?
Yeah hon? It was nice this afternoon. I really liked it.
Yeah, it was nice Billy. It always is with you. She leaned up and kissed me and said she was going to get next to Jack.

By now, mom eased her way to me and hugged me.
Her new two piece looked real nice on her.

Billy honey....I talked with your dad. I mentioned I would like to be with you tonight honey. Lisa knows too.
She'll go with dad if you want to? She looked....waiting for my answer.

I really didn't think anyone would feel like it tonight mom. I guess I was wrong. 
Look over at Annette already making moves with Dan. She's been rubbing his cock for ten minutes now. In another minute, I'll bet she'l be sucking him right there.
Nik just said she's going to get next to Jack now.

So mom, if you really feel up to it, sure.
I just didn't think you would want to, that's all.

It's OK, honey. I feel a lot better now that Carol is starting to heal, and looking so much better.
I saw Lisa taking off her top as she was about to sit on dad's lap, over mom's shoulder.

We were over to one side of the pool now. It was kind of dark toward this corner.
Mom's arms went around my neck again and she leaned up to kiss me.

I don't want to wait till they all go home tonight, honey. Mom said.
Well just let me know mom. Dad was now caressing Lisa's bare tits as she sat on his lap.
Annette had Dan's suit off and was sitting on the deck in front of him. She was slowly stroking his cock and smiling up at him.

Nikki was almost head to head with Jack as they sat on chairs drinking a beer.
Mom now turned and looked around the pool and saw everyone starting to make out.
I reached in front of her and caressed her tits through her bra top.

Let's go upstairs honey, she said.

We climbed out of the pool, and as mom passed dad, She leaned down and gave him a kiss. She said she'd see him in the morning.
Lisa smiled good night to me.
Mom was untying her bra top as we headed toward the house.

   She stopped and turned around as we got in the kitchen now.
Once again she leaned up and kissed me softly.

Her soft tits pressing and sliding on my chest.
how wonderful they always felt.


Now in my bedroom, she turned again and started to slide off her bikini bottom and she was now naked at the side of my bed.
My mother, ready to make love with her son. Ready to offer her complete self tome once again.

She reached for the waist of my suit and pulled it down. She knelt in front of me as she did. Soon, she was sucking me into a hardness and it felt so danm nice.

Again, I was watching my mother kneeling in front of me, sucking my cock softly. Making love to it and me.
After a minute, she reached over and patted the bed. Lay here honey. Right here.
I moved over and started to lay down as she continued to stroke my cock.
Her mouth went right back to it again.
Then she raised her head and spoke softly as she knelt thre.

I love your cock Billy honey. I love how it feels in my mouth. I love sucking you, and feeling my son's cum shooting inside my mouth and throat.
I love the feel of your balls in my mouth when I'm sucking them. Knowing I have your whole maleness there inside my mouth.

I love giving you this pleasure. The sex and the love we share with it, Billy. 

You're a good son, honey.
I love you two ways, as my son and as my other lover.
Her hands were softly stroking my cock and caresing my balls.

I don't give a fuck about the incest thing honey. The hell with that.
This is OUR love we are sharing Billy. Your's and mine. Its so different from what your dad and me share.

Cum for me honey. Give your maleness to me right now. I'll wait til later for us to finish.
Give yourself to me now honey.
She lowered her head and continues to make pure love to my cock.
Her lips, mouth, tongue and fingers, all combined to pleasure me so greatly.
All with her experience and love in such a great combination.

Looking down at her once again with her eyes closing. Enjoying my whole cock deep in her mouth and throat.

Kissing it. Sucking and licking it.
Her soft moans as she sucked. Her fingers adding extra feelings.
Watching my cock disappear into her mouth over and over.

Oh mom, I love you so very much. This means so very much to me.
She continued with her steady sucking. Her steady movements.

It took at least twenty minutes before I was really on the edge. She knew my cock.  She knew it would be soon.
Her hands rubbing and caressing my stomach, groin and thighs as she sucked me softly with one speed.

Yes, My mom was making pure oral love to me. Not a blowjob.

She felt my hips quicken as she had me near cumming. Her sucking was the same speed but harder now. Her tongue moving faster on the tip of my cock as she sucked it inside her warm mouth.

I started to shoot. She sucked . I shot more. She sucked more.
Her fingers softly draining my cock into her mouth as she felt my spasms.
Not a drop of my cum was missed.

As usual, she sucked me softer until I was cimpletely out of cum and spasms.

A complete series of oral love from my mother to me.  

She gathered her tits betweenn her arms and slid them all over my cock. Smiling softly at me. 

Finally, she stood in the moonlight between my legs and caressed her beautiful tits as she louked down at me.
You tasted nice honey. I have you in me again. Her hand going to her stomach. 
Mom you did that so nice. 

You came quite a bit honey. Yes. It felt nice feeling you shooting in my mouth. Your male seed from you to me.

Caressing her tits again, she looked down and asked, How  would you like me tonight baby?
Anything.....Her voice was so soft and low.
I knew she was really turned on right now. Looking at my throbbing wet cock.

Me on top and then from the back mom? OK baby. I like it from the back a lot too.
She laid down next to me now and leaned over me. She kissed me deeply and softly. Once again, as a lover.
Her hardened nipples pressed into my chest and side.

How much passion she got from me. How much she seemed to draw my love out to her.
Rest a bit honey, she said as her hand reached and gently caressed my softend cock and sack.
Let your cum build up for us.

I want to feel it when it shoots so hard up against my womb.
I want to feel my son shooting his cum back into the pussy that bore him.
I want you to feel that same pussy still giving you my love, Billy.


The woman that made you, giving you that same woman in love again, Billy.
I want to feel you fucking me. Making love with me.
Suck my tits for a while honey. 
She leaned higher and let them hang right over my mouth.
I sucked and licked them for a while. They felt nice in my lips and mouth.

She laid on her side next to me now. Her hand stoking and sliding up and down my chest and finally, down to my balls. She caressed them soflty. So lovingly. Stroking my cock into hardness once again.

She leaned over me again now. Still softly stroking my balls.
Billy honey? Yeah mom?
Would you mind if we went in there with dad and Lisa?
No mom.
I would like you to do me from the back, while I do the same I just did for you to dad.
I want both my men in me again, honey. I want to give dad our married and special love, while you are also sharing yours and my special love at the same time honey.
I want you to do me deep Billy. Feel me, feel my pussy loving you back, as I will be feeling you inside me. I will be giving your father his and my love also.

OK mom. Now?
Are you ready honey? Will you be hard enough for me?
Yes. Mom. Ok. Lets go then.
She reached for my head and pulled me down for one more soft and loving open mouth kiss.

I got off the bed and she took my hand leading me into her room.

Lisa and dad had been laying next to each other with his arm under her head. 
Her tits hard and rising softly. Dad's cock semi hard now.

Lisa honey, I hope this won't bother you. Mom and me were standing there at the foot of the bed now. I need both my men in me once more. 

Oh no, mom. I don't mind at all. Sure.

Jim honey. I want to make love to you honey, also with Billy too.
I want to give and feel our married love and also feel Billy's and my special love. 
Dad smiled up at her. Mom knelt between his legs and looked once back at me to get behind her and ready my cock.
Then she went to stroking dad's cock up and down as softly as he had done with me. Dad was making soft moans as she sucked and stroked him. His balls going into her mouth just as she did with me.

She arched her pussy and hips to make it easier for me to slide deeper into her. Lisa had sat cross legged near dad watching all of us.

I fucked into mom slowly and it felt like magic, now.
Her pussy feeling like little kisses, caresses with each plunge into her. 
I felt her sucking on dad. I saw her hands caressing his stomach and groin as she had just done with me earlier. She raised her head and said I love you Jimmy. With all my heart , I love you.
Dad was moaning softly as mom once again sucked his balls into her mouth.

I felt her pussy becoming more demanding now. Wanting me deeper. faster. Mom wanted me to cum now. I knew she was ready herself by her increased wetness all around my cock.
Her wet velvet pussy loving me as she was giving her love to each of us.
I looked at Lisa now, her nipples really hard at watching the three of us. 

I knew her excitement too. I looked into her eyes as my hands held mom's ass tighter and came deep in her pussy. I felt dad starting to cum now, and mom rising and sucking him harder. Sucking his cum deep into her mouthadn throat.

Both dad and me being emptied as mom wished.....deep within her body.
Mom continued to suck dad slowly and softly until she knew she had all of him.

I had pulled out and was standing behind her kneeling body. Lisa looking down at my glistening cock now.

Mom rose and caressed her tits as she looked down on dad. His cock now softened and his look of love up to her. I love you Jim. Then she turned and hugged me, and kissed me. I love you too Billy.
Would you both mind if I spend the rest of the night with dad?
Oh no mom. Sure, Lisa said. She leaned over and kissed dad.
She got up then, and came to my side.
Mom hugged her close. Both their tits pressed into each other.
We love you dearly Lisa.

I love all of you too mom.

Come on Billy, let these love birds be.
Lisa grabbed my hand and we went back to my room.
I noticed out the bedroom window, that no one was down at the pool. 
Lisa said they must have all gone home.
I think my mom was going to be with Dan. I'm not sure.






































