

*****************************************************************

Title:       Fuck Yeah, Part 1
Story Codes: tg, FF, mF, MF
Author:      Christian Alan
Summary:     Sam was just your average sexually frustrated college
             nerd...until the day he woke up in the body of a
             smoking hot girl. Now (s)he's making up for lost time
             by fucking everyone in sight.

 	
*****************************************************************


Part One


Samantha set the mirror on the floor and leaned back, spreading
her legs wide to get a good look at her pussy. She loved how the
pale pink lips became swollen and slippery whenever she got
turned on, which was practically all the time. She reached down
and stroked her fingers through her soft pubic hair before
resting her hand on her groin. It felt warm and comforting,
though it was still weird to only have a plump mound of skin
between her legs where a dick used to be.

It seemed that being a girl would take some getting used to. It
definitely had its perks, though.

Up until a few days ago, Sam had been a guy. He'd been the
typical college science geek that most people avoided unless they
needed help with their term papers. He wasn't a virgin, but he
had always been so shy and awkward around women that he'd
practically given up on the idea of ever finding a girlfriend.

Then it happened. He'd been suckered into doing labwork for his
quacky Genetics professor; some kind of low-level radiation
experiment with altered DNA. Sam hadn't really been paying
attention. He was so absorbed in the 'One Piece' manga he was
reading that he'd let the specimen cook a little too long, and
when he'd gone to retrieve it the tube had shattered, cutting his
finger and showering him in softly glowing goop. Sam had cleaned
up and started over, more concerned by the wasted time than any
potential hazards to his health. It was just some lame experiment
concocted by a senile old man who couldn't even find his own
glasses half the time. How dangerous could it be?

That night he'd felt a little feverish, so he took an aspirin and
went to bed. The next morning he'd woken up, reached down to
scratch his balls and found nothing there. He'd jumped out of bed
in a panic, his body feeling *wrong* somehow. He ran to the
bathroom and froze at the mirror, gaping in shock as he saw a
complete stranger looking back at him--a cute twenty-ish girl
with shoulder length brown hair and a slim, curvaceous body. He'd
stared at his reflection for over an hour, waiting for the
hallucination or whatever it was to wear off. It didn't, and the
realization of what had happened to him finally began to sink in.
The radioactive goop had turned him into a *girl*. And not just
any girl, a smokin' hot girl with nice tits and a great ass.

It was like something straight out of a comic book. But instead
of having the ability to shoot webs and climb walls, he'd gotten
breasts and a vagina and a case of super-horniness. Out of
convenience he'd started thinking of himself as Samantha, and had
immediately began exploring every part of his...um, *her* new
body. It was basically a dream come true. Who needed a girlfriend
when you could be the girl yourself? Plus the new and improved
Sam was fitter, healthier, and about a million times more
attractive than her old self, something for which she was
extremely thankful.

Even now, the novelty still hadn't worn off. Sam admired herself
for a few moments longer, then took up a pair of hair clippers
and carefully began trimming her pubes. She had an inclination to
go out later and wanted to be presentable. Sam had spent the last
three days in a haze of near constant masturbation, only pausing
to eat and get a few hours of sleep. It seemed like she was horny
almost all the time. She imagined that it was probably a natural
side effect of being stuck in the body of a rather attractive
girl. Even the feeling of clothes rubbing against her skin was a
major turn on.

She switched off the clippers and brushed the loose hair away
from her crotch, using the mirror to check her handiwork.
Perfect. Close and neat on top, but still enough to run your
fingers through. Now for around her slit. Sam flung her legs out
wide, impressed by how easy it was to do. Her old self hadn't
been very flexible. Or athletic. She hadn't tried doing the
splits yet, but she imagined she could at least come close. She
put the clippers on the shortest setting and started gingerly
trimming around her pussy. The buzzing vibration sent little
shivers through her body, and she forced herself to focus as she
felt her nipples slowly hardening. She knew that she had to
resist the urge to play with herself or she'd never get anything
done.

After a few more minutes she was finished. Luckily she didn't
have much hair around her asshole, so only a few quick passes
were enough. She had to bring her knees up and hug them against
her chest to get a decent look down there though, and the sight
of her round ass and glistening pussy practically shoved against
the mirror was making her incredibly horny again. When the last
trace of hair around her butthole was gone, Sam dropped the
clippers and began stroking her labia, savoring how soft and warm
and slick they felt as her inner wetness spread out over them.
Fascinated, she watched in the mirror as she pushed two fingers
deep into her slippery twat, feeling her insides stretching to
accommodate them.

The first time she masturbated she'd been so turned on that she'd
barely even touched herself before cumming. Since then she'd
experimented and found that the sensations were different
depending on whether she was just stroking herself or whether she
had something stuffed in her cunt. Stimulating her clit felt
sharper and more intense, but having something inside her sent
deep tingles traveling all the way to the pit of her stomach. Sam
often felt a yearning ache in her pussy for something more
substantial than her fingers. She'd considered trying a dildo,
but lately the thought had been growing in her mind of actually
letting somebody fuck her.

Sam began fingering herself deliriously as she wondered what it
would feel like to have a thick, meaty cock buried deep inside
her pussy, or even her ass. She reached underneath with her other
hand and started rubbing her little puckered asshole, thinking
that the opening looked way too small to be able to take a decent
sized penis. Hell, her cunt couldn't even take two of her fingers
before it started to stretch. The stretching in her pussy felt
kind of good though. Trying to fit something big in her ass would
probably hurt a lot.

Wetting a finger in her mouth, she reached down again and pressed
it up against her butthole. She felt her sphincter muscles slowly
begin to relax under the steady pressure of her probing
fingertip, and she shuddered as her finger gradually slid in up
to the second joint. She resumed stroking her pussy, gasping as
the intense combination of sensations washed over her.

"Fuck yeah," she groaned, her new girlish voice sounding strange
and erotic in her ears. Sam had quickly discovered that hearing
her own soft feminine moans and sighs only served to turn her on
even more. She began fingering her butt lightly as she rubbed her
clit, her asshole contracting as the feelings of pleasure
intensified. She knew it wasn't going to take long for her to
cum.

Then she was there. She clenched her jaw and groaned, her body
giving a series of short, spastic jerks as her orgasm surged over
her like a throbbing electric wave. The surge slowly faded into a
mass of warm tingles, and she sucked at her fingers to enjoy the
musky taste and smell of herself as she stretched out blissfully
on the carpet.

After a little while she got up and went to the shower,
determined not to play with herself again for a while. It'd been
three days. For all she knew the change was permanent, so she
might as well go shopping for some clothes and other things more
suited to her new self. Sam still wondered what she was going to
tell her parents and teachers, especially her Genetics professor,
Dr. Ziegler. The old guy would probably have a heart attack.

There were plenty of ways to prove that she was still the old Sam
on the inside, but she had no idea how people were going to
react. It was a problem she'd decided to avoid until she got more
used to her new body. Fortunately she had the apartment all to
herself. The neighbors might wonder who she was, but she supposed
she could always tell them she was the old Sam's sister. Friends
wouldn't be much of a problem, as she didn't have any. At least
none who would care enough to come nosing around.

Sam showered, dried off, then stood naked in front of the mirror
to look at herself, thinking that she looked vaguely like Avril
Lavigne. She crossed her arms underneath her tits and hefted them
up, making them look even bigger. Not that she really needed to.
Her boobs weren't huge, but they were a good size and quite firm.
She squeezed them idly and guessed that they must be about a C
cup. Turning slowly from side to side, she looked at her hips and
butt from every angle she could. Her ass was round and full. She
was too slim to really have a bubble butt, but it was still
pretty big for her frame.

She switched on the radio and started to dance slowly. She'd
never had much rhythm, but gyrating around in this body was
definitely a lot sexier than it had been in her old one. Sam
found a tube of chapstick on the counter, and remembering a scene
from an old movie, she picked it up and started to glide it over
her pouty lips as she swayed in time with the music.

"Would you fuck me?" She asked her mirror self as she gripped her
tits in her hands and bit her lip coyly. She felt a warm shiver
of arousal rush through her body. Damn, she looked hot.

"I'd fuck me." She slid her hands over her tits and stomach,
loving how soft and smooth her skin felt. Then she spun around
and looked at herself over her shoulder as she arched her back
and wiggled her ass. Sam smiled and smacked herself on the butt.
It was so firm it barely jiggled.

"Oh yeah, I'd fuck me *hard*."

* * * * *

Sam returned home several hours later, tired, horny, and almost
broke. Girls seemed to have an endless amount of crap to spend
money on, and Sam had barely even scratched the surface. Lotion,
skin cleanser, body spray, makeup supplies, bras, panties,
thongs, jeans, skirts, shirts, shoes--she figured those should at
least cover things for a while. She'd also gotten a big bottle of
lube and some condoms...just in case.

She'd tried flirting with a few girls while she was out,
wondering if being cute and female would help her luck. It
didn't, though it seemed much easier to strike up a conversation.
There'd been no shortage of attention from guys though. Most had
just looked, though a few had tried chatting her up. They'd all
seemed too smug and slimy, so Sam had just brushed them off. It
felt cool to actually be noticed though. She'd spent most of her
life being ignored or rejected. Sam had already decided that if
she was going to give it up to somebody, it would be some shy
virginal dork who'd really appreciate it.

Speaking of which, tonight was the weekly anime club meeting on
campus. That seemed as good a place as any to start. Sam dressed
in tight jeans and a black long sleeved top with no bra, trying
to look sexy without seeming too much like a slut. She didn't use
much makeup, just some cherry-flavored lip gloss and a touch of
eyeliner. Her hair was loose and a little wild. She knew that
she'd need more practice before trying to do anything fancy with
it.

She walked to the meeting, already feeling turned on as she
thought about all the unsuspecting nerds who were gathering there
for a night of sweaty otaku bliss. She wondered if a geeky anime
fangirl would be easier for her to score with. At least they'd
have something to talk about. If not, she could always pick one
of the guys and make his night. Sam still wasn't sure if she
could go through with fucking a guy, but considering how horny
she was getting, anything seemed possible.

Full Metal Alchemist was starting on the overhead projector when
Sam got to the auditorium. Most people were focused on the
screen, but she still felt a few eyes following her as she took a
seat near the back and began checking everyone out. It looked
like slim pickings. There were only a handful of girls, and most
of them were with somebody. The only exception was a chubby Asian
girl sitting one row down who seemed to be by herself.

A few latecomers were still arriving. A thin guy with glasses sat
down a couple desks over, seeming to notice Sam only after he'd
chosen his seat. She caught him looking at her and flashed him a
smile. He hesitantly returned it and glanced away, seeming shy.

It took Sam a few minutes to decide who she wanted to flirt with
first, and a few moments more to gather up her courage. Finally
she moved down and took a seat right next to the Asian girl.

"Hi," Sam said quietly, flashing another smile. The girl jumped a
little in her seat as if startled.

"Um, hi," she slowly answered. She was rather plain looking, but
Sam thought the dimples on her cheeks were kind of cute. They sat
there for a minute in silence before Sam leaned in a little
closer.

"You know," she whispered conspiratorially, nodding towards the
blonde tomboy who was bouncing around on the screen. "I think
Winry is totally hot."

The girl looked at her hesitantly for a moment. "Me too," she
whispered back.

Sam felt her pulse quicken. It wasn't much, but it was a start.
"My name's Sam."

"I'm June." The girl seemed a little nervous, but for some reason
Sam found it encouraging.

Feeling suddenly bold, she reached over and rested her hand
lightly on the girl's thigh. June started a little but didn't
move away, and a moment later her hand was on top of Sam's,
rubbing it lightly with her thumb. Sam was a little surprised
herself. She hadn't expected it to be *this* easy.

She gave the girl's thigh a long squeeze before lifting her arm
and throwing it around June's shoulders. She took a quick glance
back to see if the guy with the glasses was watching them. Sure
enough, he was. Sam smiled and moved in to place a soft, slow
lick against the side of June's neck. The girl shivered and
tilted her head, seeming to invite more. Sam inhaled the sweet
scent of her hair and starting kissing and sucking wetly at
June's neck and exposed shoulder, occasionally glancing back to
meet the eyes of the guy watching them. She was getting too
turned on to keep still for much longer.

Sam ran her tongue around the edge of June's ear. "Meet me in the
girls room in five minutes," she whispered, then slid out of her
seat and walked outside. She had no idea if June would do it or
not, but she felt like she had to test the limits of what she
could get away with in this new body of hers.

Sam waited in the restroom down the hall. She kept busy by
checking herself out in the mirror and wondering if she'd been
too aggressive. A few minutes later the door opened and June
entered, giving Sam a shy, embarrassed smile like she couldn't
quite believe she was doing this. Sam felt the same way, but she
tried not to let it show as she took June gently by the hand and
led her into the handicapped stall. As soon as they were inside,
Sam pressed her up against the wall and kissed her firmly,
feeling only a fleeting moment of resistance. June's soft, warm
lips were trembling slightly as Sam traced them with her tongue.
Their hands started roaming over each other, feeling and fondling
over breasts and asses.

"I want to taste you," Sam whispered, licking the side of June's
face. When she pulled away she saw that June was blushing
fiercely, her dimpled cheeks reddening even more as Sam reached
down and began unbuttoning the girl's pants.

A few minutes later Sam was kneeling on the floor, her face
buried in the chubbiest, juiciest Asian pussy she'd ever
imagined. June had a deathgrip on the handrail, gasping and
panting as she leaned back against it with her knees flung wide.
Long silky pubes tickled Sam's nose as she drew the skin around
June's clit into her mouth, feeling the girl's body shudder as
she began batting the slippery nub with her tongue. Before long
June came with a mewling whimper, her thick hips quaking as she
twisted her fingers in Sam's hair.

Sam stood and kissed her deeply on the mouth, letting June her
taste her own tangy juices. Then the girl slowly dropped to the
floor, working Sam's jeans down and placing wet, sucking kisses
on her lower stomach and thighs before gently nuzzling at her
crotch. Tingles of excitement shot through Sam's body as she
anticipated having her pussy licked for the first time.

Kicking off one shoe, she stepped out of her pants and rested her
heel up on the handrail to allow unrestricted access to her
snatch. June quickly took advantage of it and touched her mouth
to Sam's vulva, lightly teasing and tickling it for a moment
before she dug in and really started licking.

Sam moaned in ecstasy as June devoured her pussy, the girl's
firm, wet tongue caressing the sensitive lips as she sucked and
slurped greedily. It felt insanely good. Then June found her
clit, and Sam wasn't exactly sure what happened after that. She
was only aware of the quiet, fleshy slurping sounds and intense
spikes of pleasure that wracked her body, peaking higher and
higher until suddenly she was cumming spastically on June's face.
She felt June hands underneath her ass, steadying her as the
orgasm coursed wildly through her body. It was better than any
she'd ever experienced by herself. She could feel it tingling all
the way down to her toes and out to the tips of her fingers.

June kept licking softly, her tongue sending tiny shivers
rippling through Sam's body as she recovered from her climax.
When she could move again Sam pulled the girl up and kissed her
tenderly, feeling her own slippery wetness coating June's lips.

After the kiss ended they pulled apart to get dressed, with June
still blushing slightly as she straightened her clothes and left.
Sam paused to wash up a little and popped a stick of gum in her
mouth. Not that she minded the lingering scent and taste of
pussy, but it would've been a bit crude to walk around reeking of
it all night.

The guy with the glasses eyed her suspiciously as she went back
into the auditorium and took her seat. Sam flicked her tongue
between her fingers at him in a pussy eating motion, grinning as
he balked and hurriedly returned his eyes to the screen. No doubt
about it. Being a girl was turning out to be pretty fucking cool.

The next feature had already started. It was some retarded anime
about talking dolls, and Sam found her interest quickly waning.
June had moved to a seat further down and was avoiding her gaze
like she was ashamed or something. She sure hadn't seemed ashamed
when she was sucking Sam's clit in the restroom, though. Just
thinking about it was making Sam feel hot again, and she decided
that there was still more fun to be had, if not here, then
elsewhere.

She decided to try flirting with Mr. Glasses a bit to amuse
herself. She watched him for a few minutes, but he seemed
engrossed by the screen and didn't notice her. Finally she went
over and plopped right down in the seat next to him. He gave her
an uncertain look like he was afraid she was going to attack him
or something. Sam smiled and leaned back in her chair, pretending
to watch the show as he shifted nervously in his seat next to
her. She seemed to be making him uncomfortable. Good.

Sam saw him look over as she reached up and casually adjusted her
tits through her top, giving herself a few slow squeezes. The
back of the hall was more or less empty so it was unlikely that
anyone else would see her. She didn't care too much anyway, just
as long as she didn't end up getting thrown out or arrested.

"Hey guy," she said quietly, making sure to get his full
attention. "What size would you say these are?" Right as she
asked the question, Sam pulled her shirt up and showed him her
tits. The stunned expression on the skinny nerd's face was
priceless. She held the front of her shirt up almost to her neck,
feeling a rush of excitement as the guy stared nervously at her
boobs.

"Well? What size?" She asked, looking down to make sure there
wasn't any lint stuck to them or anything. The pale, perky globes
of her tits and their half-erect nipples looked smooth and
flawless in the soft glow of the projection screen. She couldn't
really blame the guy for staring. She'd spent hours doing the
exact same thing in the mirror at home.

"U...um, C's?" He stammered hesitantly, his eyes still glued to
her chest.

"That's what I thought too, but they're actually B's. 34B, to be
exact." She watched him stare for a few more moments, the
restless warmth between her legs increasing.

"You can touch them if you want," she added softly.

The guy looked at her hesitantly as if he wasn't sure he'd heard
right, but then he reached for her nearest breast and squeezed it
gently in his hand. Sam found herself breathing faster as he
placed both hands on her chest and began to play with her boobs.
It felt a lot better when someone else was doing it. He'd just
started to rub and tweak her nipples when the show suddenly ended
and the lights came up for intermission. Sam quickly pulled her
shirt back down, feeling a little surprised at how much of an
exhibitionist she was becoming. Girls seemed to be able to get
away with a lot more than guys could, though.

Mr. Glasses had certainly seemed to enjoy it. His face was
flushed and red as he quickly got up to go outside. Sam hoped
that she hadn't scared him off. He wasn't bad looking as far as
nerds went, he just seemed really shy.

Sam went to get a soda and returned to find him back in the same
seat. He looked more composed, and she wondered if she'd made him
so hot that he'd gone off for a quick jerk in the bathroom. The
thought only served to turn her on even more. She sat down next
to him again with a smile and waited for the lights to go down.

The opening scenes of Patlabor were barely starting as Sam
unbuttoned her fly and guided Mr. Glasses' hand into her pants.
His trembling fingers rubbed lightly over the front of her
panties, and she let go of his hand to let him explore at his own
pace. It didn't take long for him to start stroking her twat. She
could feel her wetness soaking through the cloth as his fingers
worked the crotch of her underwear over her swollen pussy lips.
It felt nice, but she knew something that would feel even better.

He didn't resist as she pulled his hand out of her pants and
reinserted it down inside her panties. Sam had to stifle a moan
as she felt his fingers starting rubbing her labia directly, his
digits quickly becoming slick with her juices. She sat back and
let him play with her pussy, shivering slightly every so often as
he touched an extra-sensitive spot. He didn't seem to be in any
hurry. His hand stroked and petted her softly, the light contact
teasing her more than anything. After a while he timidly pushed a
finger inside her, and Sam wiggled her hips in encouragement as
he began to gently fingerfuck her while a roomful of nerds sat
cluelessly in front of them and watched animated robots beat each
other up.

It wasn't until halfway through the last feature that he started
rubbing her clit. Sam covered his hand with hers to keep it in
the right spot as a slow, tingling pressure bubbled up from her
loins. Then it burst, and she came against his stroking fingers
with a quick, violent shudder. It wasn't as intense as her
earlier orgasm, but it was still good. Sam pulled his hand to her
mouth and started sucking appreciatively on his wet fingers.
Playing with herself had been nice, but it was definitely more
fun to play with others.

She let him touch her some more until the meeting was over. Her
pussy was still soaking wet and the desire to be filled and
penetrated was growing again. As people were beginning to leave,
she placed her hand on his arm coyly and asked if he had
somewhere they could go. He blinked and nodded nervously. Sam
followed him out, feeling just as nervous herself. She was about
to go back to some strange guy's room with the intent of sexing
him in some way. The day was turning out to be full of surprises.

His place turned out to be a tiny apartment not far from hers.
Sam was on him the second he'd closed the door, barely hesitating
before kissing him full on the mouth. The idea didn't gross her
out as much as it used to. In fact it was starting to seem almost
natural. He returned the kiss awkwardly, his hands hovering in
the air next to her shoulders. It was looking like she'd bagged
an honest to god virgin. Either that or he was afraid of her. She
was getting so hot between her legs that it felt like she was
burning up.

"By the way," she said breathlessly, breaking the kiss for a
moment. "I'm Samantha."

"J...Josh," he responded.

"Hi, Josh. I'm going to fuck your brains out now. Is that okay?"

He nodded slowly, seeming almost in a state of shock. She dragged
him over to his couch and pushed him down, feeling almost like
she was raping the poor guy as she stripped her pants off and
began fumbling at his zipper. His dick was rock hard and
throbbing. It wasn't very big, but it was good enough. Sam
straddled him and positioned herself over his cock, gasping as
she felt the blunt, warm head nudging against the mouth of her
vagina. Then she dropped down, driving it up into her pussy with
a grunt of painful ecstasy. She felt every inch of him stretching
her as twinges of pleasure rippled outward from the core of her
body. It hurt a little too, but in a good way. Sam was suddenly
glad that he wasn't that big. She'd forgotten that she was still
technically a virgin too. Or had been until a few moments ago, at
least.

Josh was groaning and shaking under her as she slowly began
riding his dick. She hoped he wouldn't cum too fast. She knew
that she should've used a condom, but by that point she didn't
care. It felt too good to stop.

Sam took his hands and brought them to her chest as she started
fucking him faster, a moan escaping her lips as he got a firm
grip on her tits and squeezed. He seemed to be overcoming his
shyness at last. She could feel his cock twitching inside her on
every downstroke, and she tried clenching down on him to test the
strength of her pussy. His eyes widened and he gasped, his hands
shaking as he seemed to hold on to her tits for dear life. She
relaxed and held still for a moment. No sense in making him nut
already. There was plenty of time for practice later.

Their bodies slapped together as Sam started bouncing her ass
harder on top of him. She was getting used to his cock, her pussy
seeming to mold itself around him, hugging the contours of his
shaft. She felt the beginnings of an orgasm stirring inside her,
but at that moment Josh suddenly groaned and grabbed her by the
hips.

"G...gonna cum," he grunted.

Sam hesitated for a moment, not sure if she wanted him to blow
his load inside her. Then she gave in and started bouncing again,
reaching down to tweak his nipples through his shirt as his
groans grew louder.

"That's it. Cum, Josh," she urged him, her voice quavering with
lust. "Cum in my pussy."

He gasped and tensed, and a second later she actually felt his
cock swelling and pumping inside her as he came, filling her
pussy with a rush of liquid warmth. She groaned and kept fucking
him, almost cumming herself from the delicious sensations of him
shooting off in her cunt.

She kept moving until his dick started to go soft, then she eased
off him and sat back on the couch by his feet. Sam could feel the
thick, gooey presence of his cum up inside her, some of it
already beginning to escape from between her labia in a slow,
warm trickle. It felt nasty. It felt good.

She started to stroke herself feverishly while Josh watched,
still panting a little from his orgasm. Sam let her legs fall to
the side so that he had a good view as she rubbed her clit. She
was so close to getting off that she could almost taste it.

Suddenly, Josh crawled over and lowered his head between her
thighs. Sam watched with a thrill as he brought his mouth to her
pussy and started licking her swollen clitoris.

"Oh, fuck yeah." She moaned. "Suck it." She grabbed the back of
his head and pulled his face firmly against her cunt as she
humped herself against his tongue. A dozen licks was all it took
to bring her over the edge, her orgasm blossoming out from her
groin and exploding over her like a supernova of pulsing ecstasy.
She fell back limply on the couch, her head spinning as she felt
Josh's hands gently caressing her thighs and hips. More of his
cum was leaking out of her, leaving a slick wet trail that
tickled its way down the crack of her ass.

After a minute Josh got up and fetched a towel from the bathroom.
He even held Sam's jeans out for her after she'd cleaned herself
up a bit. He seemed like a pretty nice guy. She was tempted to
stay and fuck him again, but she was starting to feel a bit
overwhelmed. Too many new experiences in too short a time. She
got dressed, thinking that she could always pay him another visit
later.

He opened the door awkwardly for her, seeming at a loss for
words. She smiled and kissed him on the cheek.

"See you around, Josh." She winked and reached down to give his
dick a little squeeze before walking out.

Back home, Sam hopped in the shower and washed her pussy out as
best as she could. She had no idea if she could get pregnant or
not, but the idea of it wasn't exactly appealing. She decided not
to worry about it. She was too tired and felt too good. After
toweling off she fell naked into bed and stretched out, her mind
and body tingling warmly with a low, satisfied buzz. It had sure
been an interesting day. She had a feeling that things were going
to get even more interesting before long.




*****************************************************************

Comments Welcome.

christian562@gmail.com

More at http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Christian_Alan/www/

*****************************************************************




