Baby Girl Cheers On Her Daddy
By: Lisa Turner (-nymphette-)
Sweet16babygirl@hotmail.com
Or
Erinwilson18@hotmail.com
 
 
 
 
“Daddy!”  Samantha yelled excitedly as she came in from school.  She ran into 
her dad’s strong arms and gave him a tight hug.  At 15, Samantha was mature for 
her age.  Her breasts were lush and firm and her hips flared out giving her a 
curvaceous figure that looked ripe and ready to be devoured.  Her long brown 
hair was streaked with golden highlights framing a lovely face that looked very 
innocent and revealed her youth.
 
“What was that for?” Travis asked as he looked into his daughter’s sparkling 
honey brown eyes. She was so beautiful he felt faint, and his loins stirred with 
desire.
 
 “Daddy!  I made it!  Next year I will be a varsity cheerleader!”
 
Travis smiled down at his happy baby girl.  He knew how hard she had worked to 
become a cheerleader. She had shown him all the cheers she would be doing, and 
he had felt guilty about the thoughts that had entered his mind as he watched 
her young body bounce and cheer.  She had worn a short cheering skirt around the 
house this past month and would kick her beautiful little legs up high showing 
off her small knickers and revealing a hint of the tiny treasure beneath.  He had 
escaped to his room several times this last month, his cock swelling with 
desire.  There, he could set his hard cock free and it couldn’t harm his lovely 
little girl. He was so proud of her.  She really did what she set out to do.  
“Do you know how proud you make me?”
 
“Yes!” Samantha squealed as she ran out of the room.  “I have to call Nikki and 
tell her!”
 
Samantha hopped the stairs two at a time and rushed to the phone dialing her 
best friend Nikki’s number.  “Guess what Nikki?  I made it!”  She gushed as 
Nikki picked up.  
 
“That is so awesome!”  Nikki said.  “We should totally celebrate tonight!  Is 
your Dad gonna be around?”  
 
Nikki has been asking about Samantha’s Dad a lot this past year.  She was so 
infatuated with him.  She told Samantha how lucky she was to have such a 
handsome dad and it was true.  Samantha knew her Dad was a good-looking man.  He had broad shoulders and big muscles. They weren’t big in a gross way but rather 
his muscles seemed to lend him a protective aura. He loved spending time at the 
gym, working out his firm body so he stayed young and strong.  He had been 
retired for two years and had lots of time to concentrate on himself.  
 
But his body wasn’t the only thing he had going for him. One could get lost in 
the deep depths of his hazel eyes.  His dark hair was still thick and there were 
no signs of thinning or graying.  His features were chiseled and distinguished 
in a James Bond kind of way and a woman had to be dead not to notice his sexual 
appeal.  He was charming and loveable, yet dangerous and exciting all at once.  
It made Samantha jealous to hear her friend talk about her Dad.  What would her 
Dad do if he knew Nikki wanted him?  
 
Nikki was gorgeous.  She had big blue eyes and hair similar to Samantha’s in 
shade and length.  They look a lot alike except for their eye color, and Nikki’s 
boobs were smaller. She wasn’t as curvy as Samantha.  But her pouty lips make up 
for that.  She could give a man a look that would make him burst with lust.  She 
was 16, almost a year older than Samantha and much more experienced when it came to men. 
 
“Not tonight. I am going to have dinner with Dad and then get some rest.  I’m 
exhausted!”  Samantha lied. Anger was eating at her at the idea of her friend 
with her father.
 
“Ok,” Nikki said in disappointment.  “What about tomorrow?” 
 
“Tomorrow,” Samantha said with certainty, remembering her Dad had his night with 
the guys. Samantha’s mouth curved into a wicked smile. He wouldn’t be around to 
notice Nikki and her lust for him.  
 
“Make sure your Dad’s home,” Nikki said before she hung up.  
 
Samantha slammed down the phone.  She hated this feeling.  Why was she so 
jealous?  She jumped on her bed, laying on its softness and thought about her 
handsome Dad.  He was a great Dad.  He made up for the fact that her mother left 
her.  He had stepped in and changed her life around for the better.  He always 
tucked her in at night with the words ‘I love you and I will never leave you.’  
That was a fear her mom gave her.  She always thought she would be abandoned but 
her Dad would hold her whenever she felt afraid and he would tell her that 
everything would be okay.  
 
Samantha couldn’t sleep at night after her mom left, and she would jump in bed 
with her Dad.  He would hold her and tell her sweet things, playing with her 
hair until she fell asleep.  She hadn’t slept with her Daddy all night since she 
was 12. She always felt so safe and protected in his embrace.  I wonder if he 
would let me sleep in his bed with him now?  The thought made her excited and 
she didn’t know why.  Her knickers grew wet and she started to squirm around on 
her bed.  She put her fingers in her knickers and started to twirl her little 
clit as she thought about her father and his big strong arms comforting her- 
 
“Samantha!”  Travis called up the stairs.  
 
Samantha jumped up feeling guilty for thinking about her Dad in such a sexual 
way.  Her body was still aroused as she headed downstairs.  “What’s up Dad?”  
 
“I thought I would make you spaghetti for dinner tonight to celebrate.”
 
“Sure. That sounds delicious.”  Spaghetti was her favorite. Her daddy always 
made his fresh marinara sauce, which put most chefs to shame.
 
Travis smiled at his baby girl.  Her face was flushed and pink.  She looked so 
cute and innocent, yet lustful and wanton. His eyes drifted to her hard nipples, 
straining against the fabric of her shirt.  He wanted to tug on her nipples with 
his teeth. She was the most beautiful sweet little thing he had ever laid eyes on.
 
Samantha couldn’t help but notice her father staring at her breasts and her 
nipples tightened even more until they were painfully hard.  Desire scorched her 
body. She felt so alive with reckless energy. 
 
Travis looked up in embarrassment at the obvious lusty look he had been giving 
his daughter’s tits. Guilt washed over him. He knew he shouldn’t be looking at 
his daughter in such a wicked way but he couldn’t help it.  His eyes were dark 
with desire. He wanted her, but shame stopped him from acting on it. There was 
an awkward silence filling the room. 
 
Travis cleared his throat. “Well, then I…um…guess I’ll get started.”
 
“Do you want help?” Samantha chimed in.  
 
The awkwardness had passed and Travis was relieved. Maybe she hadn’t noticed his 
lusty stare. “Sure baby,” he said.  They headed to the kitchen and got out the 
ingredients to make Spaghetti.
 
*****
 
After dinner, daddy and baby girl curled up on the couch to watch a movie.  The 
only thing on that seemed to interest them both was one of the “Friday the 
13ths.”  Samantha was scared and curled up closer to her father as the character 
Jason slashed his victims.  Then it came to a sex scene where a cute teen girl, 
who resembled Samantha, pranced around topless.  Her breasts bounced around on 
screen and Samantha noticed her Dad’s body stiffen up next to her.  
 
Travis noticed the girl’s resemblance to his daughter and his cock lurched to 
attention. Is this how Samantha’s busty breasts would look if she unleashed 
them? He tried to push the thought from his mind, but he couldn’t stop thinking 
about his daughter naked and bouncing before him. He became frustrated with the 
effort to stop his penis from growing any harder. But as if it had a mind of 
it’s own, it throbbed and grew to it’s full length. “Maybe we shouldn’t be 
watching this,” he said in a throaty voice.  
 
“Daddy!”  Samantha whined.  “Not like I haven’t seen boobs before.  I have a 
pair of my own.” 
 
“Yes, I’ve noticed.” he said wincing as the damning words left his mouth. Why 
not just tell her all the dirty little thoughts going through your mind? 
Self-disgust ate at him. Travis looked down at his baby girl chest. Yes she did 
have a pair of her won—a pair he wanted to see and touch and taste. She was 
practically on his lap by this point in the film and he was afraid she could 
feel his hard cock standing at full attention, twitching and throbbing with need.  
 
Samantha didn’t know what to say. She looked into her father’s eyes.  They were 
already filling with lust again and she could feel his cock beneath her, hard 
and throbbing for attention.  Shock shot through Samantha and her mouth dropped 
open in amazement.
 
Travis looked into his baby girl’s eyes and saw pure innocence. Her youthful 
inexperience only made his cock yearn for her baby cunt even more than before. 
He felt sick with hunger for her young tiny body.  Was that fear in her eyes? He 
quickly shifted away from her, berating himself in his head.  What am I doing!?  

 
“Daddy?” The shock had worn off and desire filled her every limb. She wanted him 
with a ferociousness she had never experienced before.
 
Travis moved Samantha off his lap and stood up.  “It’s time for bed,” he said, 
shutting off the TV.  “It’s late and you had a long day.” Travis had to get his 
daughter away from him before he lost control.
 
“Daddy.  It’s early.”  Samantha pouted and stood up.  She started to walk 
towards him. Her breasts bounced beneath her thin shirt.
 
“Damn it Samantha, You heard me!”  Travis’s voice boomed. He felt his control 
slipping and he was desperate to get it back.  “Now go! And don’t talk back! 
Just get out of my sight!”  He screamed looking at her wildly. He wanted to 
pounce on her and never let her leave again. He wanted to strip her and kiss 
every inch of her young body. He wanted to taste her tiny budding cunt. He 
wanted-
 
“Is that what you really want?” Samantha asked stunned by her father’s 
screaming. Travis didn’t reply. He didn’t even look at her. He looked cold and 
almost violent, and pain sliced through her. He obviously didn’t want anything 
to do with her. Samantha knew he must be disgusted by her behavior.  She had 
been practically lying on his lap when the naked girl appeared on the screen. He 
must think she was trying to tease him and it probably made his skin crawl at 
the thought. It wasn’t like she was a woman. She was his young daughter and just 
a girl in his eyes. She must look like a fool. These thoughts made her head 
spin. She felt sick to her stomach and tears streamed unchecked down her face, 
stinging her full cheeks. Her father didn’t even spare her a glance as she ran 
for her room where she could lick her wounds in peace.  
 
“Damn it,” Travis cursed under his breath.  He hadn’t wanted to take out his 
sexual frustrations on his daughter but that’s what he had done.  He wanted her 
to get away from him because the things he was thinking about doing to her 
little body could ruin her life forever if he ever acted on them. Now he felt 
rotten. She was the innocent one is all of this and he screamed at her for no 
good reason. 
 
Samantha sat on her bed crying.  Her heart was aching. She couldn’t believe that 
she had felt her Dad’s big cock against her tonight.  She had hoped that she was 
the one who made him throb with desire but she knew it was from watching that 
teen girl in the movie. But then that girl in the film really resembled her.  
She couldn’t believe how horney she was when she had felt her Dad’s thick cock 
pressed against her.  She knew she would have let him do anything he wanted to 
her unexplored virgin body.  But then he had pushed her away.  It hurt because 
she knew he must not want her. But she wanted him.  Oh how she wanted him. She 
wanted his mouth to ravage hers. She wanted his big hands to rip her clothes 
away and slide down her young body. She wanted him to possess her secret places. 
She wanted--What is wrong with me?  Why do I want to have sex with my Daddy? 
Samantha was confused and upset. It was so frustrating wanting a man who didn’t 
want you!  She was wallowing in her misery and didn’t hear her father knock on 
her door.  
 
Travis turned the doorknob to his daughter’s room and peered in.  Samantha was 
laying face down on the bed crying.  Her young body was jerking with her sobs.  
The guilt grew leaving a bad taste in his mouth as he entered his baby’s room. 
Travis sat down on the bed next to his lovely daughter.  He felt her body tense 
and she seemed to sob louder than ever. He played with her hair as she cried, 
cooing to her gently.  He used to get her to sleep by touching her hair this 
way.  Eventually Samantha started to quiet down, and she looked up at her Dad 
through tear soaked eyes.  “I’m sorry,” he said. “I don’t know why I lost my 
temper.” But he did know why. Of course he couldn’t tell her he was trying to 
push her away so he wouldn’t rape her sweet young body.  He wiped the tears from 
her cheeks and gave her a tentative smile. “You don’t have to go to bed if you 
don’t want to Samantha.” 
 
Samantha didn’t mind going to bed early as long as her daddy was in bed with 
her.  Couldn’t he see the need in her eyes?  She needed him to love her, and she 
wanted him to treat her like a woman he desired.  
 
“Don’t look at me like that,” he said. His heart began to skip beats as he 
thought he saw lust in her big brown eyes, but he knew he was only seeing what 
he wanted to see.  He ran his hands through his hair and sighed. “I said I’m 
sorry; what more do you want?”
 
“Daddy,” Samantha dried her pretty eyes with her hands curled into tiny fists. 
“Do you remember how I used to sleep with you after mom left?”
 
Travis thought back to when she was a little girl and he would hold her tight as 
she slept. He remembered it well. But images of how she looked now filled his 
head, so curvy and ripe. His cock lurched in excitement.  “Yes baby, I 
remember,” he replied hoarsely. 
 
Samantha sniffled. “Well, I miss that. I always felt so safe and protected in 
your arms Dad. So I was just thinking.” Her heart swelled with hope as she asked 
him, “Can we sleep together tonight?”
 
Travis’s cock started to throb.  “Aren’t you a little too old for that?” Travis 
said, his voice was raspy with lust.  He wanted to say yes more than anything.
 
“No. I’ll never be too old Daddy.  I want you to hold me like you use to and 
play with my hair until I fall asleep.” Samantha gazed up into her Daddy’s hazel 
eyes.  Her eyes were so full of hope, and he couldn’t turn her down.  
 
“Okay sweetheart. If that’s what you want.” he bent down and gave her a fatherly 
kiss on the forehead, even though what he really wanted was to devour her bow 
shaped mouth. As he pulled back Samantha excitedly reached up and wrapped her 
arms around his neck crushing her big boobs into his broad chest. 
 
“Thank you Daddy!” Samantha felt his hard chest against her breasts and pleasure 
danced through her body.
 
Travis groaned and pulled away. His breathing was unsteady as he said, “Get 
ready for bed.” He quickly left the room. He didn’t dare look at his daughter 
for fear she would see the hunger in his eyes.  
 
Travis jumped in the shower.  This will do the trick, he thought as he pounded 
his naked body with the ice-cold spray.  He tried to wash the thoughts of 
Samantha away, but her beautiful face kept swimming around in his mind. It was 
the longest shower he ever took. He kept trying to cool himself off and regain 
control, but nothing was working. He stepped out of the shower and looked at 
himself in the mirror.  He looked deep into his eyes. “Now don’t you touch her,” 
he told himself firmly, but he knew how hard it was going to be to stop himself. 
 
 
While her Dad was in the bathroom, Samantha changed into a pair of thin white 
pajamas that she had grown out of a few years before.  The material was 
skintight. She didn’t sleep in a bra and when she gazed at herself into the 
mirror she saw an intoxicating view.  Her breasts could easily be made out 
beneath the thin material and her pink nipples hardened at the thought of her 
Dad seeing her like this.  Her knickers were wet with her juices and she squeezed 
her thighs together tightly causing stimulating friction on her swollen clit.  
 
She heard the bathroom door open and walked into the hall.  Her dad came out of 
the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his narrow hips.  His magnificent chest 
still had beads of water collecting on his skin, making his broad chest glisten. 
  Her breath caught in her throat as she saw him.  There wasn’t a man that could 
compare to his masculine beauty, she thought as she looked at him with such 
longing.  
 
He turned to see her starring at him and he froze.  His eyes raked down her tiny 
form.  He could see her body through the flimsy material of her pajamas and it’s 
beauty caused his dick to harden.  There was no way to hide his reaction to her 
body with his towel.  He couldn’t stop himself from making love to her body with 
his eyes.  Her boobs looked so luscious and her body looked so tight, young and 
pure.
 
She glided towards him. She didn’t know what gave her the courage to do it but 
she stood on her tiptoes and gave her father a tight hug. She pressed her body 
against him, rubbing her firm breasts against his wet chest.  Travis didn’t hug 
her back for fear that he would rip her clothes off.  She rubbed her pelvis 
against his hard cock, enjoying the feeling of his shaft against her clit.  He 
stood frozen in place but his breathing was fast and haggard. He held his breath 
and began praying to God that he wouldn’t touch her. Samantha pulled away when 
her daddy didn’t respond to her touch.  Her eyes looked at the floor; she felt 
rejected.  “I’m sorry. I just wanted a hug,” she said, knowing she was giving a 
poor excuse for her wanton behavior.
 
Guilt once again pooled in his stomach.  Travis knew his innocent baby girl must 
still be hurting by his earlier behavior towards her and she needed reassurance. 
She only hugged him because she needed to be held and loved.  He felt so bad for 
getting hard and wanting her. Even now, he couldn’t take his eyes away from her 
chest, where her now wet and completely see-through nightgown molded to her firm 
peaks.  He was the lowest scum on earth. “Let me get ready for bed,” he mumbled 
and turned to his room. 
 
Samantha’s eyes filled with tears.  What did I expect?  I knew he wouldn’t touch 
me.  He doesn’t want me.  I’m his fifteen-year-old daughter.  What am I 
thinking!?  She was angry with herself for being so naive. She brushed her teeth 
and looked into the mirror at her young face.She soaped it up and washed off 
the day.  Then she stared at her face’s naked and fresh beauty.  Maybe I can 
make him want me enough to take me, she thought.  “Stop it!” she yelled at 
herself in the mirror.  She had to stop this madness.
 
“What?”  Her daddy called out from his room. Travis had just crawled into the 
covers. 
 
“Nothing!”  She yelled back. Samantha felt more in control and made her way to 
her father’s bedroom. Her father already was under the covers.  The overhead 
light was off, but the bedside lamp illuminated his naked strong back.  She had 
forgotten that he slept only in his boxers.  Desire returned full force. This 
was going to be a rough night.  She crawled into bed next to her dad.  His back 
was still facing her and she waited for him to turn around.  “Dad?” Samantha 
said hesitantly.
 
“Yes baby?” 
 
“Will you hold me?”
 
Travis ached to touch her smooth young skin. Lustful thoughts of his daughter 
kept whirling through his mind, and he knew it was wrong to think like this 
about his little girl. He turned to face his baby, and his expression was 
alarming in its sadness.  
 
“What’s wrong Dad?” Samantha asked startled by his appearance.
 
He shook his head, “Nothing baby.” 
 
“But you look so sad daddy.” Samantha touched his face tenderly. She wanted to 
make him happy and yet all she brought him was grief. 
 
“I just feel bad baby girl.” Travis tried to ease her worry.
 
“Are you sick?” Samantha knew that wasn’t it but it felt like the right thing to 
ask.
 
“I think I might be sick, but not in the way you think.” Travis looked down at 
her chest with longing.
 
Samantha saw where his eyes had traveled and she pressed her chest out 
alluringly. “Can I take care of you daddy?”
 
Travis moaned. “Oh God--Samantha--I want you to so much, but that would be 
wrong.  And I can’t hurt you,” he said, as his fingertips ran over her soft 
cheek and traced her full pink lips. Samantha took her Dad’s finger into her 
mouth and sucked on it. Her tongue danced over the rough tip. He moaned at her 
brazen move and pulled his finger back as if it had been burned. Samantha’s eyes 
filled with fresh tears. “Why did you do that Samantha?”  Travis was shocked at 
her behavior but his cock had swiftly risen to full attention. He wanted her to 
say she did it because she wanted him as much as he wanted her but he knew he 
was being silly. There was no way she felt the same way he did.
 
Samantha touched her Dad’s chest as tears streamed down her face. She wanted him 
so much but she was so afraid to tell him.  “I don’t know. It just felt right.” 
Was that lust and longing she saw in her Daddy’s eyes? “This feels right daddy.” 
She moved close to her father, pressing her body against his.  She slowly moved 
her pelvis against his hard cock in a natural rhythm.
 
Ripples of pleasure coursed through Travis’s body. Oh my God! His baby girl was 
intentionally trying to seduce him. Joy replaced guilt and Travis looked down at 
his baby girl in amazement. He wrapped his arms tight around her and held her 
close.  His cock pressed hard into her cotton-covered cunt.  He was afraid to 
even hope that she would let him go further. “It feels wonderful baby girl but 
it’s wrong.”
 
“Why is it wrong daddy if we both want it?” Samantha didn’t care what society 
said, she knew she wanted her father more than anything she had ever wanted.
 
“Do you want this?” her daddy said, pressing his cock back and forth against her 
panty-covered pussy.  Excitement shot through Travis’s veins as he rubbed his 
hard dick against his little daughter. The danger of what he was doing was 
thrilling. 
 
“Oh yes daddy!”  Samantha wrapped her leg around her father’s hipbone, pushing 
her wet pussy against his hard shaft.  “Why do you think I want to sleep with 
you tonight?” Samantha revealed her true intentions cautiously.
 
Travis was dazed. He stared into his daughter’s lovely face.  “I thought you 
wanted me to comfort you-“
 
“No dad!  I’ve been trying to show you all night that I want to touch you and I 
want to feel you touch me.” Travis went through the events of the night and saw 
them through a new light. She had been trying to show him how much she wanted 
him and he had been completely oblivious. He almost laughed at how blind he had 
been. “Please daddy. Please!” Samantha was begging her father to take her. She 
had no pride and she didn’t care. She felt like she would die unless he took 
her.
 
Travis couldn’t hold back any longer.  He crushed her lips with his mouth, 
devouring her taste.  His tongue darted around her tiny mouth, ravaging her 
delicious orifice.  He ripped off her pajamas, until she lay before him wearing 
her white cotton knickers. She was the most beautiful site he had ever laid his 
eyes on. Her waist was so tiny and her skin so smooth. Everything about her was 
firm and soft.  He touched her big boobs with his rough hands and kissed and 
sucked on her hard pink nipples.  She screamed out with desire. 
 
Samantha felt dizzy with excitement. She was getting what she longed for—ached 
for! Her Daddy—her amazing daddy was finally ravishing her! “Yes Daddy!  More!  
I want you!”
 
Travis reached between her tender legs and felt the wetness through her knickers. 
 He gazed at her little, young body as it jerked to his rhythm of his rubbing 
her clit through her knickers.  He moved his mouth down to her small pussy and 
licked her through her cotton undies, tasting her sweet wetness and smelling the 
wonderful musk of a virgin pussy.  
 
He looked up at his baby girl. “Is this your first time baby?”
 
“Yes daddy. I want you to be my first.”
 
“Oh God!” he moaned in wild lust.  He pulled her knickers down and off her little 
legs and froze as he saw her teeny twat covered in little baby hairs.  “You are 
so small!” He said in amazement. He spread her legs open.  He could see her 
wetness surrounding her itty-bitty fuck hole and his dick grew another inch, 
thinking about how tight and small she was.  He stuck a thick finger in her 
tight hole and she gasped as it went in.  
 
“Ohhhhhh Daddy!”
 
“Can you handle more?”  He asked as he slid in another finger.  
 
“AHHH! Ah! Ah! Uh! Yea Daddy Yes!”
 
He licked her clit and shoved his fingers back in forth in her tiny hole, 
feeling the outline of her virginity every time he shoved his fingers back in.  
He was careful not to break it.  
 
Samantha felt her clit swell as her Daddy licked it with his wet tongue.  His 
fingers in her were hurting but felt good at the same time as they stretched her 
open.  She felt herself tremble with desire, and then waves of pleasure overtook 
her and she rode her orgasm hard. Her boobs jiggled as she came, bouncing her 
pussy back and forth. 
 
“That’s my sweet angel,” Daddy said as he licked up her sticky wetness, sticking 
his tongue deep in her teeny hole.  
 
“Oh Daddy! It feels so good!” 
 
Travis took his boxers off as Samantha watched.  She moaned at the site of his 
naked cock.  “Oh Daddy! It’s so big and thick!  Do you think it will fit?”
 
“We’ll make it fit baby. It will be a tight fit, and it’s going to hurt you at 
first.”
 
“That’s ok daddy! I want it, and I want to make you happy.”
 
“I’ll try not to hurt you baby” Daddy rubbed his cock on baby girl’s clit, 
making it swollen and red with desire.  Then he slid his cock slowly in her tiny 
baby slit.  He was so close to losing control and just pounding into her. He 
wanted her with such an intense passion that he knew he couldn’t hold back any 
longer. He burst through her cherry, making her jerk and bounce in pain.  
 
“AHHHH Daddy!”
 
“I know baby,” he said, comforting her.  He could feel her tightness around his 
cock and couldn’t believe how snug of a fit it was. He was afraid he might rip 
her open so he took it slow.  It squeezed so tight around his hard shaft as he 
pushed in and out of her tiny cunt hole.  She started to moan in pleasure and 
arch up to meet his deep thrusts.  
 
Travis began to thrust faster, banging her harder.  She met him halfway, moaning 
out in sheer abandon.  She came hard, clenching her cunt around him as waves 
washed over her.  He delivered each thrust deeper, grunting as he pounded his 
baby girl.  “Yes Daddy!”  She moved under him wildly and wrapped her arms and 
legs tight around his body, bringing him in deeper.  Travis’s muscles tightened. 
He couldn’t believe he was about to shoot his load. He had lasted longer even 
when he was a horney teenager, but he had never been so excited or felt a 
tighter cunt in his life. He yelled as he shot his load into his baby.  Samantha 
came again to the feel of his sperm splashing into her.  “Dadddddddyyyyy!” 
 
Travis moaned as he finished shooting inside her tight wet pussy. Then he looked 
deep into her pretty, young eyes.  “I love you Samantha, my little baby girl. 
You made your daddy so happy”
 
Samantha beamed. “I know Daddy.” She cuddled closer to her father. “I love you 
too.”
 
They snuggled up and kissed deeply.  Daddy spooned his little girl and played 
with her hair until she fell asleep.  She would always be his little angel but 
now he knew she would also be his wanton baby slut. His wicked thoughts grew and 
he knew he would do things to her he had only dreamed about doing. Some of these 
things might hurt her but he was sure she would grow to like them. She loved him 
so much she would be willing to let him do anything he desired, as long as it 
made him happy. Love rushed through him as he kissed her forehead. He couldn’t 
wait to play with her again. 
 
© Lisa Turner (-nymphette-) January 2001
 
