The escape.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 31 (Mff, bi, mc, nc, oral, preg)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Shh!" Carmen shushed the other women as she unlocked the door to the room they had been held in, and motioned for them to follow. JJ kept Renette, one of their French Canadian captors, close so that her brain continued to be overwhelmed by his pheromones, which kept her from trying to stop their escape.

"Joli garçon," she said as she ran her hand down JJ's cheek, but then she knit her brow in confusion. The lesbian was having trouble reconciling how turned on she was by him and her natural lack of attraction to men.

Carmen opened a nearby locker and started handing out purses, wallets, and phones. "Okay," she whispered to them, pointing, "we'll take this hallway straight back and to the left. Renette's keycard here will open the outside door, at which point we'll just run."

JJ stuck his head into the room. "Carmen, where's my mom?"

She looked up. Everyone was present except JJ's mother and Jean. "Shit."

---

17 years ago...

As with Kayla, his adoptive sister, John was able to convince his adoptive mother Melissa to have sex with him as often as possible over the next few days, filling the fertile woman up with his dangerous sperm every time. Then came the day that he tried to take her in the laundry room again and she screamed.

"What's going on down here?!" Brad, John's adoptive father, yelled as he ran down the basement steps. He found Melissa in distress and John's hard cock in his hand. "Jesus!"

They kicked John out the door that very night. The boy slept under an overpass and cried. In the morning, he tried to check back into the orphanage, but he was officially adopted now, so there was no legal reason for the Mother Superior to accept him back. He trudged away, uncertain what to do.

---

Today...

Carmen had given the keycard to Luna, and she had taken Joanne, Margeau, Renette, and JJ with her to the exit. JJ had wanted to stay and help, but he needed to keep Renette under control, and they weren't sure what would happen if they made the woman choose between her compatriot Jean and new "beau" JJ.

Carmen, Renette's pistol in hand, slipped silently down the hallway toward Jean's and Maureen's voices. Jean was laughing at something, but Maureen wasn't; in fact, she sounded frightened and upset. Finally, outside the main office, Carmen paused to take a breath. Surprise gave her the best chance, she figured, so she kicked the door in. 

Adrenaline made everything seem to slow down. Carmen saw Jean's eyes widen, but he already had his gun in hand, pointed toward Maureen. However, he immediately turned the gun toward Carmen, the more obvious threat.

BLAM! Carmen fired, but it went wide due to her momentum through the door. She was also trying not to hit JJ's mother.

BLAM! She felt Jean's shot connect with her shoulder, and it spun her around. She stumbled and hit the floor.

"Sandoval?!" Jean yelled. "How did you--? Renette!"

Carmen had fallen behind a desk, blocking Jean's next shot...

...but where was her gun? It had been knocked from her hand as she fell. She heard Jean swearing in French, coming closer...

BLAM! Jean's body fell to the ground, face-first, next to Carmen's hiding spot.

Carmen poked her head up to see Maureen pointing Carmen's smoking gun at the man, her eyes full of tears. After confirming he was dead, Carmen took the gun back and escorted the distraught woman out of the building, while keeping pressure on the through-and-through wound in her shoulder.

---

Regan's phone rang but she didn't recognize the number. She almost sent it to voicemail, but Marti grabbed the phone from her first.

"Hey!" Regan began.

"It could be JJ or your mom, Regan! Hello?"

"Marti?!"

"JJ!"

"Why do you have my sister's phone?" he asked.

"I've been staying with her while your dad's in the hospital, waiting to hear from you! Where are you?"

"Is Aaron okay? No wonder he wasn't picking up..."

Marti paused. "The doctors don't know why he hasn't woken up yet and they're worried. He took a big hit to the head, JJ." She looked over at Regan, who looked ready to cry. "Where are you?" she repeated.

"Canada, I think. Carmen and some French Canadian terrorists kidnapped us, trying to figure out how my pheromones worked."

"That fucking bitch! I knew it was her!" Marti spat into the phone. "Your dad made her video public, and I can't reach him on his phone anymore." She heard JJ sigh.

"Yeah, she told me. We wouldn't have gotten out of this without her. She's currently enjoying some socialized health care for a bullet wound. Hey, stop that..."

"JJ?"

There was a pause. "A few women were kidnapped as well. One of our captors is...reacting to my stuff right now, being very touchy-feely."

Marti missed him terribly. "Oh, JJ, there's so much to tell you..." She moved out of the living room so Regan wouldn't hear. "Remember Zara? She's preggers!"

"Shit!"

"Um, and some other women dropped by while you were away. That Sally bitch, and Freya? I think you knocked them up too. They were looking real uncomfortable with you being missing, and their hands kept drifting to their tummies when they got distracted. Oh, also, Brooklyn says her period's a week late."

"But I pulled out with Brooklyn," JJ said, confused. "And Sally? I didn't have sex with her this month; just blew my load on her face. Remember the video I showed you?"

"Yep, but your cum carries your scent. I figure she took it all and..."

"How did you know that?" he asked, cutting her off. "We only just found that out."

"Um..."

"Marti?"

Then, like a flood, she told him everything: taking his sperm sample to her science teacher and finding out that the smell of his semen made fertile women horny and dumb, just as if he were there himself...selling the "scented lotion" to anyone who would pay, which was always fertile women, and how she had used his leftover cum to fertilize their unprotected pussies...so many of them! Marti could feel her own pussy moistening at the thought of it.

Beep beep! The call had ended.

"JJ?"

---

"Who is he?" the 16-year-old redheaded girl asked, her eyes wide as she beheld John laying in her friend Faith's bed, still unconscious.

"Dunno," Faith replied. The plain blonde teen girl had brought her friend and neighbor Ches in to see the man, as she somehow felt that he and her friend would make some kind of important connection, but she wasn't sure what. This strange feeling was similar to how she had known that the man's stuff -- his sperm -- would make her feel good when she swallowed it, and boy had it! Except when he had cum in her mouth again that very morning, she didn't have another orgasm like she had for the previous few days. She didn't know why things had changed.

Ches had moved forward and was looking at the man's face. "He's sure handsome," she noted.

Faith frowned. He had seemed handsome to her as well yesterday, but not so much today.

"He smells gooood..." Ches said, and the pretty redhead felt itchy between her legs.

"Y'wanna suck his weiner? He won't wake up." Faith pulled the covers back, revealing the man's naked body.

Ches (short for Francesca, but she never wanted to be called Fran or Frannie) licked her lips and looked at John's limp penis. "But won't he pee in my mouth?"

"No...here, let me start you off." And then Faith took John's penis into her mouth, licking and sucking, as she had done so many times in the past few days. Soon, his member responded, filling with blood, and she handed it off to her friend.

Ches licked at John's cock, fascinated at the feel of it, so hard and yet soft, and then took it into her own mouth and sucked.

Faith watched the girl climb onto the bed to get a better angle, which caused her dress to ride up a bit, and decided to assist. She pushed up Ches' dress, revealing her shapely hips and legs, and reached into the girl's underpants.

"Faith!" Ches hissed. Then her friend found her clitoris and she moaned. "Okay...never mind..." She took John's cock back into her warm mouth.

Eventually, John moaned and started to fill Ches' mouth with his hot cum. Surprised, she swallowed his first spurt and then her body exploded in orgasm. "MMF!" she grunted, and instinctively swallowed another burst of his cum, causing another orgasmic wave to rush through her overheated teen body as Faith continued to manipulate her clit.

Ches fell onto the bed next to the comatose man, shaking. John's cock, now free from her mouth, fell back and spurted onto his bandaged stomach.

Oh no! Faith thought. Momma always said to never let a man's seed spill! It always has to go into a woman's body, one way or the other. While Ches was still recovering from her orgasms, Faith pulled her friend's underwear down, gathered some of the warm semen on her finger, and then thrust that cum-covered digit into Ches' very wet virgin pussy.

The effect was immediate. "UHHH!" Ches cried out as her fertile teen body absorbed the hormones in John's seminal fluid, which caused her waning orgasm to explode like a bomb. As the girl arched her back in pleasure, Faith gathered more of John's cum from his tummy and pressed it into Ches' rippling cunt. "AAAHH! Ohmigodd, Faith...!"

Faith made sure to push all of the man's sperm into her friend's vagina, making the girl cum continuously until she collapsed. Feeling pleased with herself, she pulled Ches' underwear back up, trapping all that seed where God intended.

She looked at her watch. She hoped Ches would wake up soon, before Momma and her sister got back from the store!

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)