The Naked Farm Girls (Full)
byPissfan1234©

Part 1: First Arrival:

Stripper Dani Dix remembered she had just finished dancing for a guy at his bachelor party, and then she and the guys began to drink and tell jokes. Then she remembered at one point, she blacked out; her last sight was one of the lights on the ceiling. The next thing Dani knew, it was the next morning. She slowly came to on a surface that didn't feel like the carpet she was sitting on the night before. Dani saw it was grass as the sleep blur cleared from her eyes. She slowly sat up straight and looked around. She saw a large, white-sided house, a large red barn, and a large stable. Dani had somehow wound up at a rural farm, but that wasn't all.

As she stood up, Dani felt her head throbbing and a small but sharp pain on her left side. She reached down to compress the second pain and noticed her worst nightmare had come true: she was stark naked! Dani had no problems with being naked as long as she was either: A) in the shower. Or B) stripping at the club or a client's place. To find herself naked at a strange farm with no explanation terrified Dani. She hustled to cover herself up, wrapping her right arm around her boobs and draping her right hand over her pussy. She grabbed her purse after finding it behind her and quickly crouched down again when she heard a car coming down the road.

"What if that's the farmer?" Dani thought as she hid behind a nearby tree. "What will he think? Could he help me?"

The car, however, only turned around in the driveway and went back the way it came after a few moments. Dani didn't recognize it as any of the cars driven by any of the guys from the night before. Noticing her watch was still on her wrist, Dani checked the time; it was a quarter after 10 AM. She decided to wait for a half-hour or so to see if any other cars or trucks arrived and stayed at the farmhouse. Over that time, no other cars or trucks appeared. Dani was growing desperate by now, so she decided she would check things out for herself. She cautiously ventured out from her hiding spot, walked up to the house, and started by looking into the windows she could reach. Dani saw no one inside but suddenly heard the sound of horses whinnying from the stables.

Thinking someone was tending to the horses, Dani didn't know what to do now. She needed help but didn't want anyone to see her naked body under these circumstances. Because of her headache, probably from a bump to the head, Dani also couldn't remember what happened while the sun was down and thus, couldn't explain what happened to anyone she encountered. She crouched down once again and made her way to the stables. When she turned the corner and peeked inside, Dani saw six horses -- two black ones, three white ones, and a single brown one -- but no one feeding or brushing them. Dani slowly stood up straight again and entered the stable. The horses saw her but didn't lunge at or otherwise try to harm her.

Dani saw a door at the far end of the stable and started walking towards it, gently petting the horses as she passed them. She tried the doorknob and when it turned, she slowly opened it. She saw a large, empty garage with a workbench, some tools hanging on the wall, and another door to her left. Dani closed the stable door and tried the knob on the second door; it too opened.

"Hello?" Dani said, peeking only her head in the doorway. "Anyone home?"

Dani got no answer; just eerie silence. Thinking someone was inside though, she carefully entered the dimly-lit house, covering herself with her arm and purse. She began walking through the first floor of the house, passing the kitchen, living room, dining room, and a small study, finding no one in any of them. Dani then came to a staircase that led up to a second floor. She stepped onto the first step and it creaked like in steps in the haunted house she and the other strippers she worked with ventured into a couple of weeks earlier on Halloween. Dani was terrified now, but suddenly saw a set of light switches next to her. She flipped them all on and the whole house lit up.

Now that she could see, Dani felt a little safer and continued up the stairs. The second-floor hallway led to both ends of the house and Dani saw an opened door at the end of the left side. She walked down to the open door, still covering herself up, and looked inside. She flipped on another light switch inside the room and saw it was a bedroom. The bedroom looked very inviting to someone in Dani's state: a king-sized bed with two pillows made up in a floral quilt, a TV on a nightstand by the foot of the bed and an attached bathroom to the right of the headboard. Dani looked in the bathroom but still found no one. She doubled-back down the other way, finding a second, smaller bedroom, another bathroom, and a laundry room, but still no human insight.

Seeing the barn from the laundry room, Dani thought someone might be in there. She walked back down the stairs, back out of the house through the horse stable and approached the barn. She pulled the lock on the barn doors aside and opened them. Inside was a bunch of straw, a tractor that had been gathering dust for quite a while, and a few more tools. Dani looked around behind the tractor and large straw bales but still found no one. Slowly, the realization came to Dani: she was at a farm that, aside from six horses, was completely abandoned. She sat down in the straw and began to cry quietly; she had no idea how she got here, who left her here, or if anyone close to her knew where she was.

After softly weeping for a few minutes, Dani remembered she still had her purse. She looked inside and found her wallet & phone. But her relief at that was short-lived though: her phone's battery was dead, and all the money was missing from her wallet, though her credit cards and driver's license were still there. With nothing else she could do, Dani exited the barn, closed & locked the doors, and decided to look around a little more. A hill was to the left of the property but Dani saw a large open field to the right-hand side. She walked down that way and found a large, clean body of water at the end of the field. Dani knew she had happened upon a swimming hole; she had swum in these since her childhood.

Surprised at this little oasis, Dani walked along a small dock, sat down at the end, and stuck her feet into the water. It was the perfect temperature for her; she estimated about 70º Fahrenheit (21º Celsius.) Knowing no one else was around to watch her, Dani sat with her feet in the water for a good 10 minutes before she decided to go for a swim. Seeing a ladder to her right, she stepped down into the water and started swimming. Dani felt like the Hell she had endured had suddenly become a personal Heaven; she had no idea how she got here but was making the most of it. She swam until she saw her fingers starting to shrivel up like raisins. She got out of the water and sat back on the dock to dry off.

With her swim over, Dani grabbed her purse and walked along the field back to the farm. Now she was surprised to find a border collie running around the paddock. She approached the dog carefully, but he calmly approached her too. Dani saw the name "Rex" and a phone number on the tag of his collar. Thinking Rex was someone else's dog, Dani decided to take him inside and call the number on his tag. They went around to the front door, where Dani was startled at the countless newspapers piled up on the front porch. She pushed them aside and tried the front door; it too was unlocked. She and Rex walked inside and went into the living room.

Sitting on the couch, Dani grabbed a cordless phone on the end table and, hearing a dial tone, dialed the number on Rex's tag. Her hopes that someone would find her, however, were dashed when she heard another phone ringing elsewhere in the house. Dani followed the sound of the other phone into the downstairs study she passed when she first inspected the house, where she found another cordless phone ringing on the desk. Dani realized Rex belonged to whoever lived in the house before she discovered it. It was also then that she found a note addressed: "To whoever enters this house after me." In full, the note read:

"If you are reading this now, it means I have passed away at the age of 89. I lived in this house with my horses ever since my wife passed 22 years ago. My health has declined over the past year but I told my two sons not to worry about it; perhaps I should have, but it's too late now. Whoever enters this house after I'm gone, please feel free to stay as long as you wish or feel you need, even if that's for the rest of your life. There is no mortgage as I built the house myself many years ago. And no other payments: the house is solar-powered, the water comes from the lake down the road, and the scenery is just tranquil. Take care of Rex the dog and the horses if you can as well. Sincerely, Philip G. Herman the second, May 10, 2019."

After reading the note, Dani felt a sense of sorrow come over her. The former homeowner was dead and she was in his house -- on his property -- with his dog & horses all by her lonesome. She sat down at the desk in the study and turned on the computer. She searched for an obituaries website on Google and after finding one, she entered the name "Philip G. Herman the second." Philip's image popped up first and Dani clicked on it. She learned he had died on May 12, 2019, about five months earlier, of old age, in the hospital his eldest son had taken him to. Philip's will stated his grown sons would inherit his life savings, but his house and property would remain unlocked and open to whoever finds it, as he was a generous man who would gladly help anyone in need.

With that, Dani had the freedom to stay, sleep, eat, and essentially live in Philip's house until she could tell someone she knew where she was. She left the study and returned to the living room, sitting back down on the couch next to Rex. She was still butt-naked, but that didn't bother her all that much anymore; no one else was around to see her. She soon went into the kitchen for something to eat and found an opened bag of Rex's dog food beside the refrigerator. She poured some of the food into his bowl and he immediately started to eat; Dani concluded he had been eating straight from the bag since his owner died. Finding microwave popcorn, Dani put a bag of it in the microwave and ran it for the two minutes and 50 seconds the bag said.

As the popcorn popped away, Dani felt the sensation of needing to pee come over her, so she went down the hallway, found the bathroom, sat on the toilet, and relieved herself. She wiped her pussy clean as the microwave's "food is ready" beep went off. After returning to the kitchen, Dani took the popcorn out of the microwave, opened the bag and began to eat on the couch. She turned on the living room TV and began to watch some of her favorite shows. The next thing Dani knew, it was dark outside and her watch said it was 9:30 PM. She let Rex outside to go number one or two and he returned five minutes later.

Tired, Dani turned off the TV & lights and went upstairs to the master bedroom. She pulled back the covers and noticed a charging cable for her phone on the nightstand. She plugged her phone in and got under the covers, falling asleep with Rex at her feet. The next morning, Dani used the toilet in the master bathroom for her morning pee and decided to take a shower. She washed herself off thoroughly and noticed the headache she had the day before was more or less gone, though she still had no idea how she wound up where she was. After her shower, Dani wrapped herself in a towel and went back to the bedroom.


Part 2: Settling In:

That's when she saw her phone was fully charged and all the notifications she missed the day before. Dani looked over her messages. One was a text message was from Cecilia, one of her fellow strippers at the strip club, asking her where she was and if she was okay. Knowing she had a lot to explain, Dani immediately called Cecilia.

"Hi, Cecilia, what's going on?" she said.

"We're all worried sick about you, Dani," Cecilia replied. "Where are you?"

Dani explained the events of the past 24 hours. Cecilia thought she was lying, told her to get to the club before noon, it was just after 10 AM at this time, and hung up. Dani sent Cecilia a selfie of herself with the barn in the background as proof; Cecilia immediately called her back.

"Oh my God, Dani!" she exclaimed, "How did you wind up there?"

"I can't remember," Dani said, "I just woke up naked in the grass outside yesterday morning. I looked around and no one was here. I later found out the owner died about five months ago."

"You were naked?" Cecilia asked.

"Yup, still naked, "except for that towel, I just took a shower," Dani replied. "But there's no one else here, so that's okay with me. I have to check on the horses downstairs now."

"Well, send me the address," Cecilia then told Dani, "I'll bring you some clothes and give you a lift to the club."

"Okay, see you when I see you," Dani said and hung up with Cecilia.

After their conversation, Dani texted the address to Cecilia, put her phone into her purse and walked downstairs to the stable. She and Rex entered the stable from the garage again and she began brushing the horses down with the brush hanging on the wall. She grew more confident as she moved from one horse to the next. The brown horse, who was the only one free from his reigns, peed on Dani's feet as she brushed him, but that was okay with her; you gotta go when you gotta go, whether you're a human or a horse. The horse then began brushing his head on Dani, taking the towel off and revealing her naked body once again.

He led her to the entrance/exit of the stable, indicating he wanted to roam about outside. Dani brought him out and he knelt at her side, apparently wanting her to get on and ride him. Dani hadn't ridden a horse before and wasn't sure if she should try now but not wanting to hurt the horse's feelings, she climbed onto his back. He then stood up straight and began walking with her on his back. He walked slowly and gracefully, so Dani wasn't so scared. They walked past the barn, around the perimeter of the property and back down to the swimming hole, where he walked into the water with Dani still on his back. She slid off his back and stood in the water beside him, enjoying the weather.

She washed him down a little and they began to bond. After about 20 minutes, however, Dani remembered Cecilia was on her way to pick her up. She guided the horse out of the water, got back on his back, and he walked her back to the house. Dani didn't see Cecilia's car anywhere. Relieved she hadn't missed her, led the horse into the stable. She then grabbed her towel off the stable floor, dried herself off, and went to the front porch to wait for Cecilia, who arrived about five minutes after she and the horse returned from the swimming hole.

"Are you okay?" Cecilia asked as she hugged Dani.

"Of course I'm okay," Dani replied, "I had a good time once I got over the initial shock."

Cecilia handed Dani a dress and some underwear she got from her bedroom -- the two girls were roommates -- and Dani got dressed in front of her on the porch.

"I see why you don't mind the naked," Cecilia said, "I didn't find any more houses along the road leading up to this place."

"Wait till you see the swimming hole behind the barn," Dani said.

"There's a swimming hole?" Cecilia asked excitedly.

"Yeah, but first, we gotta go to work," Dani replied as she walked to Cecilia's car. Rex was barking, but Dani told him she would be back that night. The two girls then left the farm and drove to the club, catching up along the way.

"We thought you had been kidnapped or worse, murdered!" Cecilia said, "We had a missing person notice done up and everything."

"Well, you better tell the cops you found the body," Dani joked, "Alive and frolicking!"

After about a 45-minute drive, the girls arrived at the club and went inside. The manager, bouncers, and other strippers were thrilled to see Dani alive and well. They naturally wanted answers, but for the moment, there was dancing to do. The girls all rehearsed for the night and once the club was open, showtime began. As Cyndy Cyn was on stage, however, Dani saw some familiar faces in the crowd: the guys from the bachelor party two nights earlier. The memories flooded back to Dani, and she pulled Cecilia aside to tell her those were the guys behind her 24-hour disappearance.

"I don't know what they'll do if they see me dance here," she told Cecilia.

"Just don't worry too much, Dani," Cecilia said. "Maybe they've forgotten what you look like by now.

With that, Dani took the stage when her name was called. She danced and stripped in front of the patrons -- including the last guys who saw her a couple of nights ago -- without missing a beat. Thinking Cecilia had been right, Dani met up back wit her in the bathroom in the back of the club, off-limits to everyone except the strippers. They both sat down on two of the toilets and began talking. They could talk face to face as the toilets weren't separated; the bathroom was for strippers only. After they finished their business, Cecilia and Dani walked back out to the locker room. That's when the manager told Dani one of the patrons wanted to speak personally with her.

She said okay and the manager fetched the patron. To Dani's shock, it was one of the guys from the bachelor party. Dani's blood ran cold: "What does he have planned for tonight?" she thought. Before she could get a word out though, the young man began talking to her.

"I'm so sorry for the other night," he told her, "My name's Philip G. Herman the third, but you can call me Phil. I'm the eldest son of the man whose farm you were left at."

"Are you serious?" Dani asked, to which he pulled out his driver's license. Dani read the name on the license: Philip G. Herman the third. Confident he wasn't lying, Dani asked Phil: "What happened? And why did you leave me at our father's farm?"

"Okay, one of my brother's groomsmen slipped you sleeping pills and you passed out," Phil explained. "He was about to start with you -- if you know what I mean [which Dani did] -- but I talked him out of it by saying: 'Listen, the last thing you need is a sexual assault charge.' He then fell asleep on the couch."

Phil continued: "I told everyone to put you in the guest room to sleep off the night, but I'm guessing they panicked because when I woke up in the morning, the same guy said he and the rest of the groomsmen brought you to my dad's farm, where they stripped you naked and took all your money; here it is by the way."

Dani slowly but surely began to understand the circumstances surrounding the other night as Phil handed her the money. He had more to tell her though.

"After the groomsmen told me they left you at the farm, my brother and I drove there to give you back your clothes. But after we didn't see you, we assumed someone else picked you up, so we left."

"Was your car silver by any chance?" Dani asked.

"Yes," Philip replied, "you saw us?"

"Yeah, I was hiding behind one of the trees to the side of the house," Dani said, "I'm too embarrassed to be seen naked outside this club or a client's house. Do you still have my outfit from the other night?"

"Yeah, it's still in the car," Phil said. "I'll be right back with it." He fetched the outfit, brought it to Dani, and told her: "Now I hope you know this was all a huge misunderstanding and you won't want to file charges."

Knowing she had made a friend out of a potential enemy, Dani said: "Of course I'm not filing charges. How can I after your explanation? But next time, I might have different feelings about what happened."

Phil understood and bid Dani a friendly farewell, but not before giving her his blessing to stay at his father's farm. After he left, Dani told Cecilia she wanted to go back to the farm: "I have to tend to Rex and the horses." she said.

"Well, if you insist," Cecilia said.

After closing time, Cecilia drove Dani back to their place so she could get her car. Dani got her keys out of her purse, got into her car, and drove the 45 minutes back to the farm. Once she got back, Rex bolted out of the house and began licking her hands & face. Knowing he remembered her, Dani checked on the horses, saw they were fine, fed Rex, and stripped naked for another shower. That was when Rex began moaning that he had to go out again. Dani took him out while still naked and watched him pee in the distance. Realizing she had to go too, Dani squatted down and peed in the grass. She loved the feeling of peeing outside naked and decided to do so whenever she was outside and had to pee... or if she just felt like it.

After Rex came back, Dani brought him inside and they went upstairs. She took another shower and was getting ready for bed when she realized she hadn't brought her pajamas. By now, it was well after midnight and Dani was looking at a 45-minutes drive back to Cecilia's for her PJs. Dani once again decided to sleep naked, crawled under the covers and dozed off with Rex at her feet again. In the morning, Dani's new routine kicked in again: she had her morning pee, fed Rex, brushed the horses and rode the brown horse down to the swimming hole, all completely naked. After the horse entered the water, Dani stepped off him and checked her phone. Cecilia had texted her, saying she was coming over to check out the farm.

Not wanting to leave the horse alone, Dani told Cecilia to just walk past the barn until she saw her and the horse at the swimming hole. Cecilia agreed and said she would be there soon. She arrived 20 minutes later and found Dani washing the horse in the water.

"Isn't this amazing?" Dani asked.

Cecilia replied: "Absolutely, should I get naked too?"

"Take it off, no one's looking!" Dani told her. Cecilia stripped naked and stepped into the water next to Dani. The two girls began washing the horse together.

"He's beautiful," Cecilia said. "You know his name?"

"Yeah, Streeter!" Dani replied. "Phil told me last night."

"That's the guy?" Cecilia asked.

"Yup," Dani said, "He told me everything I need to know about this place."

The two girls talked, washed Streeter, and admired the scenery for a good while. Eventually, though, Cecilia said she had to pee: "Where's the bathroom in the house?" she asked.

"Just go over there," Dani said. "Your pee won't harm the grass."

Cecilia was self-conscious about peeing in front of Dani -- she always used the bathroom with the door closed at the apartment they shared -- but desperate, she got out, squatted down with her back to Dani, and released her golden stream in the grass. She shook herself dry when she was done and got back into the water. Streeter got out of the water on his own and began grazing on the grass around the hole. That's when Dani suggested to Cecilia they swim around the hole for a little while. Cecilia agreed and they swam a few laps from one side of the hole to the other. As their swim, Dani came up with an idea.

"Why don't you move in here with me?" she asked Cecilia.

"And leave the apartment?" Cecilia asked back.

"Sure, this place and no expenses and a personal oasis behind it," Dani said. "Plus, you can learn how to ride horses naked."

Reluctant at first, Cecilia told Dani she would have an answer after that night's work. The girls got out of the water, grabbed Cecilia's clothes and walked Streeter back to the stable. They then went inside, showered together, and put on their outfits for that night at the club. They left for the club in plenty of time. As the night went on, Cecilia thought long and hard about moving to the farm with Dani. Knowing the farm had no monthly expenses, but it was 45 minutes away from the club, she was on the fence. Dani then told her about a break-in that happened at their apartment complex, which she heard about while getting the girls' things.

Dani had already made up her mind and Cecilia made up hers too: she wanted to move to the farm. The girls left the club just after midnight and returned to the farm. There, Dani let Rex out while Cecilia checked on the horses. After a while, they went inside for the night. Cecilia used the bathroom and took a shower while Dani, who finally had her pajamas, got ready for bed. Cecilia slept in one of the other bedrooms. The next morning, Cecilia told Dani she had the best sleep in a while.

"I think that's due to the serene location," Dani told her. "You can just breathe and relax out here."

"Oh, I feel you, girl," Cecilia replied, "I've never felt this alive before."

With that, Cecilia and Dani knew they had found their new place. They had been looking for a new place to live once the lease on their apartment was up. Living without monthly bills on a simple farm with six horses and a swimming hole, where they could saunter about naked without worry, was perfect with them. As they checked on the horses again, Cecilia suggested they have a housewarming -- or more to the point "farm-warming" -- party for that upcoming weekend, where anything would go; nudity, sex, etc. Dani loved the idea and said she would start the invites as soon as possible.


Part 3: Party Mystery

In the meantime, the strippers began to form a routine. Every morning, they awoke, checked on Rex & the six horses, maybe jog down the backroad, maybe just enjoy the scenery or just go skinny dipping in the swimming hole behind the barn. Soon, Cecilia was just as comfortable at the farm as Dani was. Dani was still down for the farm-warming party Cecilia had suggested and asked her exactly what

"Since no one else can see us," Cecilia explained, "why don't we throw sex and skinny dipping party?"

Dani's face went red as a fire truck, but she knew all the other girls had seen her naked before -- she was a stripper too -- and told Cecilia: "Good idea, but only if we get condoms. I don't think any of the girls -- myself included - are ready for kids yet."

Cecilia agreed with bringing protection and she & Dani got ready for that night at the club. They showered, put on their outfits, and left, coming up with ideas during the 45-minutes drive to the club. Once they arrived, Dani and Cecilia's farm warming sex party was planned in full. As the club was prepared for the night, they told all the girls about the party. It would be on that upcoming Sunday, the strippers only day off due to Blue Laws in the country where the club was located. Cecilia told the girls to bring their boyfriends for "sex, swimming, and horseriding."

As Dani was dancing, Cyndy Cyn approached Cecilia and said her boyfriend was a little shy. "He's afraid to get naked around me," Cyndy said, "He won't even let me shower with him. I don't think he'll get naked around all of us"

"Well, this will be the perfect chance for him to pop his cherry, Cyn," Cecilia replied. "After he has a few drinks, he'll be in his birthday suit with the rest of us."

Cyndy felt better by Cecilia's words, but would still have to convince her boyfriend to go. That would be later though; for the moment, Cyndy and the rest of the girls had to dance. As the night wore on, all the girls got the address and time of the party and told Dani & Cecilia they were looking forward to it. By Sunday, everyone was ready to party. One by one, the girls and their boyfriends arrived at the farm and greeted Dani & Cecilia... and Rex too. Cyndy and her boyfriend Buck arrived last, but once they did, Dani and Cecilia gave them the run down as to the festivities.

First, everyone would have a few drinks, get naked, and just walk around to familiarize themselves with the house & farm. After that, they would all go down to the swimming hole for some skinny dipping. Horseriding was for after the skinny dipping and after that, a good orgy under the stars in the grass. With that, Dani began pouring drinks for everyone. As they were drinking, still fully clothed, Cyndy told Cecilia it took Buck quite some convincing, but he eventually agreed.

"Looks like he's opening up a little," Cecilia said, pointing out Buck taking his shirt off.

"Yeah," Cyndy replied, "I think he'll be fine."

After a few minutes, everyone was naked, so Dani and Cecilia led them on a tour. They showed them the stable, introducing them to the horses, the barn, and finally the swimming hole. At the swimming hole, Dani jumped in from the dock and said: "What's everyone waiting for? The water's fine!" after resurfacing. With that, everyone else jumped in and swam for a while. They thoroughly enjoyed the water and each other; Cecilia even played the most appropriate song for the occasion on her phone at one point: R.E.M.'s "Nightswimming." After the night swimming, Dani and Cecilia led everyone back to the stables for the horse riding part of the party.

Some were nervous as they hadn't ridden a horse before, but Dani reassured them that all the horses were gentle and wouldn't hurt them in any way. Before everyone knew it, they had ridden in their birthday suit around the property for at least a few minutes and it was time for the orgy. Cecilia said they were to bang under the stars in the grass, and the boyfriends were to put condoms on: "Be a little bit wiser, guys, put it on" Cecilia said, quoting the Spice Girls song "2 Become 1." Just as everyone was about to get busy, another stripper, Lila Lix, noticed something was missing.

"Where are Cyndy and Buck?" Lila said out loud. Everyone else began looking around, the guy's boners going soft, and sure enough, they didn't see Cyndy or Buck.

"They were behind us just a few minutes ago," Cecilia said to her boyfriend Donny, "Did you happen to see where they went?' After Donny said he hadn't seen them either, everyone went into a panic. Where were Cyndy & Buck? And were they okay? Dani, Cecilia, Lila, and their boyfriends got onto the horses. Dani said they were gonna look around the property and told everyone else to look around the house & barn. The search parties began. The naked horseback party walked along the perimeter of the farm looking for signs that Cyndy and Buck had left, but found none. They went back to the swimming hole but didn't see the missing couple swimming there either.

Cecilia was growing more and more concerned by the minute: "I hope they're alright," she said to Dani. Dani said she was sure they were fine but was also worried inside. In the meantime, the other naked search party swept through the house and barn from top to bottom, also coming up empty-handed. After a half-hour or so, the two parties met back up by the stable and broke the news of not finding Cyndy or Buck to each other.

"We might have to file a missing person report for them both," Dani glumly said.

"That might be a good idea," stripper Stacey Marx said, "Anything to get them back safe & sound!" Stacey was not only concerned but she was also Cyndy's older sister so naturally, she wanted her little sister back no matter what the cost. Just as Dani was walking inside to call the police, however, Lila's boyfriend Craig alerted everyone to come to the barn.

"In here, guys!" he shouted. Everyone followed Craig into the barn, up a flight of stairs in the back, and into a crawl space at the top, where low and behold, Cyndy & Buck were going at it under a blanket. Cyndy & Buck were caught off-guard and stood up in a hurry.

"Why didn't you guys tell us you were going in here?" Dani asked Cyndy & Buck sternly. "We were worried sick about you two."

Cyndy stepped forward and told Dani: "Buck said he was nervous about banging me in front of everyone else, so I suggested we come up here instead. I know I should've told you, but I was caught up in the moment."

"So Cyndy," Dani said, "you're telling us your boyfriend was uncomfortable with an orgy and pulled you into a spot of the barn none of us knew existed?"

"Pretty much so," Cyndy said. After that, a few seconds of silence fell over everyone. Then a sound similar to water trickling was heard. Everyone looked over and saw Buck peeing out the upper window of the barn. Cecilia saw his pee stream hitting the grass about 15 feet below too.

"Sorry guys," Buck said after everyone caught him, "I couldn't hold it any longer." With that, everyone broke out in laughter, including Buck, who laughed the loudest. "Well, I'm sorry for scaring all of you," he said, "I gotta say I'm ready to partake in a proper orgy now."

"Are you sure baby?" Cyndy asked.

"Yeah," Buck replied, "I'm certainly warmed up now. Let's go!" He and Cyndy followed Dani, Cecilia, and the others back down to the paddock, where they all laid back down in the grass and got busy. Under Cecilia & Dani's suggestions, all the couples tried different positions they hadn't tried before, the favorite being the "T-Square," where the strippers laid on their sides and had their boyfriends bone them on an angle; their bodies taking the shape of a capitol "T" as a result.

After everyone had climaxed, they laid on their backs and stared at the sky for a moment. Dani then suggested going for another swim, stating: "After such hot action, we gotta cool down." Back at the swimming hole, Buck thanked Dani, Cecilia, and Cyndy as everyone got into the water.

"Thanks for what?" Dani asked him.

"For breaking my insecurities about group sex," Buck replied. "I was so used to banging Cyndy alone, I never knew how exhilarating group sex was. I'd like to try it again, but only with all of you if that's okay."

Cecilia, who by now knew she was enjoying this, came up with an idea. "Let's all meet here for swimming & sex every month, weather depending of course." Everyone shouted in approval and as they settled back into the water. Dani & Cecilia knew they had something special at their farm. The seclusion was serene and added to their kinkiness. Their boyfriends came over frequently and have since moved in with them. The monthly orgies with their fellow strippers have also continued with only two exceptions when rainy weather prevented outdoor sex and skinny dipping. 

