Whap!

The sound echoed against the white stone of the walls. Haldir bowed his head, breathing hard, feeling drops of sweat sprout from his forehead to run together and drip from his chin and tip of his nose onto the soft carpeting, spotting it dark where they fell.

Whap!

His arms and shoulders were beginning to ache from the strain, and he shifted them restlessly, to no avail.

Whap!

His cock ached abominably as well, harder than iron, and no relief in sight. He grimaced. Legolas was in a foul mood and he would get no reprieve from him any time soon.

Legolas always became distressed whenever Estel visited for only a short time, then left to tend to urgent matters, as if coming to the House was only a brief respite in his busy schedule. The Prince was happy only when the Man stayed for a long while and enjoyed the Elves’ hospitality, as well as their skills and bed. Haldir, being practical, was not jealous of the deep love his Prince held for the Man. After all, it was with him that Legolas stayed.

Whap!

And it was on him that Legolas vented his frustrations. Haldir shifted on his spread knees in a futile attempt to seek some semblance of relief from the paddle.

Whap!

Legolas was wielding the paddle with a fell hand and Haldir’s bum was starting to feel that glorious, tingly numbness that presaged a spectacular orgasm. But it would be some time before Legolas allowed it.

Whap!

He became lost in memories of Estel and Arwen the night before. The Elves had enjoyed the Man’s visit, content that they had been able to please him well and bring him to previously unknown heights of ecstasy.

And after being tortured for hours, the Man had been rewarded with the deep welcome of his wife’s sweet favors. He took to it as a Man possessed, the unbridled lust of the coupling deeply affecting the three who watched, and they clutched at each other. Both Estel and Arwen had been quite ready for each other and reached their peak quickly and concurrently, screaming their pleasure.

Whap!

Haldir’s breathing became harsh and he bucked his hips against the paddle. He tightened his grip on the heavy oaken bedpost to which his wrists were tied and groaned. It was becoming intolerable.

Legolas stopped the paddling for the moment and reached down to fondle the red buttocks of his lover. Haldir hissed and yanked on the leather bindings on his wrists. The Prince chuckled and ran gentle fingers down the cleft to caress his entrance tenderly. Haldir sobbed and pressed back against his hand.

Ignoring the wordless plea, Legolas continued downward to cup the vulnerable scrotum, massaging gently. Haldir threw his head back and arched his spine, the ends of his long hair whipping back to tickle Legolas’ forearm.

It was very difficult for the 'Lorien Elf to keep from begging and he bit his lip until it bled. It was a rule in the House that submissives were not allowed to speak unless spoken to, and never allowed to beg, unless it pleased the Master. Legolas didn’t like begging. It annoyed him.

Legolas knelt between Haldir’s legs and teasingly pressed the tip of his cock against his entrance. Haldir shuddered and pressed back, moaning. Legolas retreated and got up, picking up the paddle again.

“I told you I would punish you until you climaxed,” the Prince purred, amused at Haldir’s desperate struggles against his bindings and his breathless whimpers of aggravation. He traced a drop of sweat down the knobby groove of Haldir’s spine and swung the paddle.

Whap!

Haldir yelped, tears streaming down his face. His arousal was complete, his body attuned to every nuance of the paddle, his tortured flesh becoming one with the paddle. Legolas, now alternating between tenderness and violence, played Haldir like a master harpist. Haldir bucked his hips helplessly in concert with each strike, mewling and whimpering at the tender hand on his burning rump.

Whap!

Haldir suddenly tensed as tight as a bowstring, the muscles of his back and shoulders popping out in stark relief, the knuckles of his fingers white with the force of his grip on the wood. A deep, protracted groan of mingled pain and pleasure at the intensity of his climax escaped his throat.

Legolas smiled grimly and desisted. Haldir slumped and his breath came in bellowing gasps.

“Mercy,” Haldir whispered finally. Legolas untied the bindings and the exhausted Elf tumbled bonelessly to the floor. The Prince stepped to their dresser and put away the paddle, picking up the crystal bottle of sweet oil.

He maneuvered Haldir onto his hands and knees and prepared the both of them with the oil. He took hold of Haldir’s hips and entered him in a single thrust. Haldir gasped but made no other sound. They began to move in tandem, the 'Lorien Elf still submissive to his Prince’s lust.

Legolas thrust himself deeply and ferociously into Haldir, the slapping of their flesh loud in the quiet room. Haldir moaned at the pain of Legolas’ hip bones smacking against his sore rump and the intense pleasure of the cock inside him. He moved his hand to his own aching member, but it was jerked away.

“Hands on the floor,” Legolas growled and pinched him hard on the rump. He would not be allowed to spend himself.

A few more hard thrusts and Legolas cried out wildly. He shuddered and draped himself over his lover’s back. Haldir could feel the rapid expansion and contraction of the Princes ribs against him, his hot breath on his neck.

“On the bed,” Legolas ordered, gasping. He pulled out and yanked on Haldir’s shoulder to get him up. Their large four-poster bed had permanent restraints in the thick posts of the headboard, fashioned by the Dwarves of Gimli’s Glittering Caves. They could not be torn out of the wood or broken, even by an Elf in an aroused state, whether in anger or lust.

Legolas now bound Haldir’s wrists to these and prepared once more to take the 'Lorien Elf roughly. He pulled the Haldir's legs up and out to expose him in the fullest measure. Haldir arched his back and gasped as he was penetrated yet again. Legolas took his time, climaxing twice more before he finally succumbed to the overwhelming urge to spend his seed and allowing Haldir the same reward by his hand. The walls reverberated with their cries and Legolas slumped against Haldir’s chest. Both Elves were motionless except for the movement of their chests as they breathed deeply.

Legolas’ heart finally slowed from it’s galloping pace and he withdrew, releasing Haldir from the restraints. They cuddled together, kissing affectionately and caressing each other’s backs and buttocks. Legolas kissed Haldir tenderly on the breast where he had left livid teeth marks just above the nipple.

“Thank you,” he whispered, grateful the disturbance in his mind was broken at last.

“It is my pleasure, my love, to serve you,” Haldir replied, stroking the other Elf’s disordered tresses. “My body is yours to do with as you will.”

“And mine, yours, beloved.”

There was comfortable silence for a while as they rested from their ordeal. Legolas was falling into dreams when Haldir interrupted their peace.

“I’ve been thinking…”

Legolas groaned with misgiving and squeezed his eyes shut, pressing his forehead against Haldir’s throat.

“We need to get a Hobbit for the House.”

“What?!” Legolas pulled away and stared, not sure whether to be shocked or laugh.

“Two. One of each sex. I was speaking to Lord Emrys just yesterday before Estel arrived and he confided that he has fantasies of sex with children and I thought a Hobbit would do for that.”

Legolas decided for shock. “That–-that’s the most disgusting thing I have ever heard!”

Haldir looked censoriously at the Prince. “I would say that most of what we do here is disgusting to someone. If it keeps Lord Emrys from molesting real children because he can get what he desires here, we are doing a service.”

Legolas face went red. He wasn’t sure how to respond. Haldir’s mad ideas always ended up sounding so practical, yet...

“You will never get a Hobbit to come here,” he finally managed, voice hoarse with emotion. He thought of Master Frodo and Sam, dear Merry and Pippin, and tears came to his eyes. Hobbits were noble and proud creatures despite their size, who would never submit to humiliating treatment.

Haldir merely smiled evilly. An impossible challenge is just what he craved.

Legolas was jerked from his memories by a soft knock at the door.

“Come,” Haldir called.

Lily opened the door and walked towards the bed. She curtseyed deeply.

“My Lords,” she said softly.

“Lily, my poppet,” Haldir beckoned. “Come join us for a nap.”

The young female looked with longing at their entwined naked limbs, heavy with sated passion.

“I would gladly do so, my Lord. But important guests have arrived that desire your presence.”

Both Elves sighed in resignation. “Who are they?” Legolas asked finally, regretting the loss of his free day.

“They are Elven Lords: Elladan and Elrohir from Imladris.”

Haldir and Legolas looked at each other in astonishment for a moment, then burst into guffaws of laughter.

~FIN~