Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 2: Mr. Thompson

Madison walked slowly down the sidewalk towards her house. She was very sore, coach ran them hard today, but she had held her own. It was worth it if she was able to do well this coming weekend. The weather was better than yesterday, thank god, poor Mr. Jones had to put up with her dripping all over his house yesterday. She was pretty sure he enjoyed looking at her in various wet clothes though, so he probably didnt mind a little water on his floor. She saw her dads car in the driveway and then she remembered his interview. She started to run.

Barry Jones watched his little devil of a neighbor run past his house. She was wearing shorts, so her thighs were again driving him insane. Her white shirt was untucked flying behind her as she ran. She gave him a quick wave and scrambled up her porch steps.

Henry heard the door just before he heard the squeal.

Daddy, tell me all about it, how did it go? Did they like you, what did they say? Do you have another interview? She said in a quick stream.

He laughed as she flew across the room, talking non-stop again. She stopped in front of him, breathing hard. He smiled at her and put his arm around her and pulled her onto his lap. He missed the days when she would sit on his lap every day and most of the time fall asleep on him. He took a deep breath as the wonderful memories floated through his head.

It went pretty good, sweetie. They seemed to like me. He said and she smiled.

What did they say? she asked.

They asked about you actually. He said.

Me, why? She said.

Well, they say that family is very important to them, something about employing the entire person, not just part of them. He said.

That sounds cool, I guess. She said with a puzzled look.

Yes, and actually you will be able to meet the CEO on Friday. He said.

What? What do you mean? I have to go with you? She said, now even more puzzled.

Nope, he is coming here for dinner. He said.

Madison jumped off her daddys lap and looked at him.

Here? Why? She asked.

He said he does that all the time with the finalists. He said.

Finalist? Daddy, that is great! She squealed and grabbed him in a big hug.

He chuckled and hugged her back. She stepped back and looked at him, looking a little scared.

Daddy, what do I do? She asked.

Baby, you dont have to be nervous. He said that family was important to the company and he always likes to have dinner with the candidate and his wife. I told him it was just you and me and he said that was fine. He is looking forward to meeting you. You just have to be yourself and you will be fine. He said and hugged her again. Her young brain was trying to wrap itself around what this meant as she held onto her daddy.

Madison stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around her young body. She was incredibly nervous. It was Friday and daddys possible new boss was coming over for dinner. She was glad coach was sick today and decided to cancel practice. She pretty much ran home so she could have enough time to get ready. She had decided she was going to cook for them even though daddy said they could order in. She figured the wives all cooked for things like this so she would make her special chicken recipe, the only decent thing she inherited from her mother.

She walked into her room and slipped on an old t-shirt and shorts. She would dress up later when the dinner was done. She walked out of her room to start dinner and make her daddy proud of her. She figured she could be a grownup for a night and help daddy get this job.

Henry was nervous as well; he didnt know what the evening would bring. He was hoping the subject of his wife would not come up, he wasnt sure losing your wife to a plumber would sound good in any situation. He finished up his work and gathered his things, he wanted to head home and help Madison with the cooking. He was so proud of her for volunteering to do that, she was so funny with all the grownup talk. He smiled and hit the button for the elevator.

Madison peeked into the oven and the chicken looked good, everything was working out great. The vegetables were almost done, and the rice would be done just in time. She looked at the clock and it was 6:00, they would be there around 7:00. She heard the front door and saw her daddy walk into the kitchen.

Hey baby, how it is going? He asked.

Great daddy, everything is on time and it should all be ready right around 7:00. She answered.

Sweetheart, you did a great job. I am very proud of you. Do you need any help? He said.

Yes, can you keep an eye on everything while I go get dressed? She said.

I am on it. He said, picking up a dishtowel.

Thanks daddy. She said and scampered out.

She looked at herself in the mirror and decided she would wear her hair down tonight to look older. She would give it a little curl so it wouldnt be so straight and boring. She walked into her room and picked out her little black dress that she wore to the last school dance. It would be perfect for tonight, she felt very pretty when she wore it and she felt it was important for her to look pretty to help her daddy. She pulled out black lace panties and decided she would try the dress without a bra. It had spaghetti straps and she didnt want to have to worry about the bra straps showing. She looked down in her drawer and saw the black stockings. She had worn those to the last dance as well and her girlfriends told her they made her look hot. She smiled, she wanted to look older, but did she want to look hot tonight? She decided it wouldnt hurt and grabbed the stockings.

She pulled up the last stocking and stood up. She looked funny with her t-shirt, black lace panties and thigh high black stockings. She pulled her t-shirt off and then she looked way different. Her little boobs were sitting high on her chest and she had to admit she looked pretty good with the black lace going on. She wondered what the boys at school would say if they could see her like this. She looked in the mirror and then paused. She wondered what Mr. Jones would think. She smiled as she pictured his face if he could see her dressed like this. She grabbed her dress and slipped it over her head. It fell right to the middle of her thighs and the top showed just a hint of the top of her breasts. She checked to make sure her boobs would stay covered. She ran her hands down the sides and spun around. The back looked good as well, the dress was tight around her butt. Hmm, she must have grown a little since the end of last year, she didnt remember the back being so tight.

Henry looked at the clock and it was 6:45, the dinner was about ready, and Madison was right, it would be ready just in time. That girl was incredible. He finished setting up the table and looked up just in time to see Madison walking down the stairs. Holy shit were actually the first words that crossed his brain. Her dark hair was curly and hanging softly over her bare shoulders. She had put on a little makeup, so her pretty face was now gorgeous. Her black dress was simple but looked incredible. The top dipped a little but was tasteful, her boobs must have grown a little lately, he saw a little cleavage. His eyes moved down to see her legs wrapped in black hose and the dress stopping around mid-thigh. Again, he felt it was really pretty but still very tasteful and something a 14-year-old could pull off and she was definitely pulling it off.

Daddy, what do you think? she said and spun around.

Henrys eyes about popped when he saw the way her butt pushed out the back of the dress. She had definitely grown up when he wasnt looking.

You look amazing baby. Very pretty. He said.

She blushed a little but was glad her daddy approved. She was ready to help him land this job. She walked into the kitchen to check and she heard the doorbell. She looked at her daddy and he looked nervous.

Ready? he said.

Yep, we can do this. She said and grabbed his hand.

They walked to the door and pulled it open. Madison saw an older man, well not too old, he had a few gray hairs at his temple, his face was smooth but rugged. He had a nice smile and he was looking right at her. She saw a lady, no, a girl, standing next to him. She was younger than the man for sure but way older than her. She figured mid-twenties probably. She was freaking beautiful; her hair was blonde and pulled back off her pretty face. Her eyes were bright blue, and they sparkled. Her body was amazing, her boobs were not huge but seemed to be perfect as they sat high on her chest, her dress was blue and long but there was a huge slit up the right side and most of a perfect leg was showing. Suddenly, she felt very young and plain. She tried to smile.

Hello, Mr. Thompson, so glad you could make it. Welcome to our home. Henry said and stuck his hand out for a handshake.

Hello Henry, thank you, we are happy to be here. This is my wife Katie. The man said, still holding Henrys hand, and they both looked at the beautiful girl.

Nice to meet you Katie. Henry said.

This is my daughter Madison. Henry said and turned to her.

Brad Thompson continued to shake Henrys hand and stared at his young daughter. He knew Henrys wife had left and he had a daughter, but nothing had prepared him for what he was looking at now. Her face was perfection, cute, full, and smooth skin only a young girl could have. His eyes moved to her chest, her simple black dress showcasing her blossoming boobs, they actually looked large sitting perfectly on her small body. Her legs were wrapped in black hose which added a maturity to her young frame. He was impressed, Henry may have a chance after all.

Madison smiled her best as she felt so small in the presence of such gorgeous people. The man was staring at her and the girl was just physically impressive. Suddenly the girl reached out and put her hands on her cheeks and looked at her.

You are precious. She said to Madison.

Katie felt the soft skin in her hands and hoped her and her husband would be able to enjoy this little one. She was very young, and she knew quite well that Brad had a thing for youth. She was happy for that as it had given her a nice life when all her friends were still struggling to make rent. She, on the other hand, was enjoying the life of luxury, her husband catering to her every desire, all she had to do was spread her legs for him. That was not such a horrible thing as he was an incredible lover. The only other thing she had to do was not be hung up with his desire for female flesh, the younger the better, and this little one in front of her was going to most likely land her daddy a nice job.

Henry, she is adorable. Katie said and looked at Henry.

Thank you, she is a great kid, she made us all dinner. Henry said, his chest puffing with pride.

Madison heard the pride in her daddys voice, and it made her happy. He sounded so excited, and she was more than happy to do everything she could to help him stay that way. It made her so sad when he was sad, and it had been a long while since she had seen him like this.

Really? So, you are precious, and you can cook? Bradley, dont get any ideas. Katie said and looked at her husband.

Mr. Thompson laughed and slapped Henry on the arm.

Please, come in. Henry said.

Mr. Thompson stepped in and walked past Madison into the living room, looking down as he passed at the cute cleavage. Henry followed and Katie took Madisons hand and pulled her into the living room. Mr. Thompson sat in the recliner, Henry sat in the chair opposite and Katie sat on the couch and pulled Madison down with her.

Katie pulled the girl closer and took a deep breath. Clean and fresh, she even smelled wonderful. She was starting to think she might enjoy this one as much as her husband.

The food smells wonderful, I am starving. Mr. Thompson said, and Katie chuckled at the irony.

Yes, it should be ready if you guys want to eat now. Henry said.

Madison was sitting on the couch and Katie was next to her, playing with her hair. She felt a little weird, almost like she was crashing a grownup party. She took a deep breath and reminded herself that she had to be a grownup for daddy tonight. She was pretty sure all the other finalists had wives to help them with this part of the process. She would have to try and fill that role for daddy and from the looks on their faces these two people really liked her so far. She felt Katies hand on her thigh.

How old are you sweetheart? Katie said, breaking Madisons thoughts.

14. Madison responded.

You are kidding, you are so grown up, I could have sworn you were at least 16. What grade are you in? Katie asked and rubbed the firm young leg.

9th. Madison replied.

Wow, I sure didnt look like you in the 9th grade, I was a beanpole with no boobs. Look at you, you are a hottie. Katie said and pushed Madisons hair behind her ear.

Madison thought about the word hottie, she had never been called that. The boys teased her quite often and call her lots of names but never that one. She felt herself blush again.

Soups on. Henry said from the kitchen.

Katie and Madison stood up and Katie took Madisons hand and led her to the table.

Sweetheart, she is not a pet. Mr. Thompson said and chuckled.

Oh, shut up, she is adorable, and I cant keep my hands off her. Katie said and hugged Madison.

Madison felt Katies soft boobs smash against the side of her head. She smiled at Mr. Thompson as he watched her head being surrounded by smooth tit flesh. Katie smelled good and her body was nice and warm. Madison had never even seen boobs so nice, much less have her head stuck between them.

Now you are going to smother her in those. Mr. Thompson said and grabbed Madisons hand.

He pulled her towards the table and pointed to the chair next to him. She sat down and Katie walked around to the other side with a pout on her face.

No fair, I saw her first. Katie said.

We can share sweetheart; we have all night. Mr. Thompson said and placed his left hand on Madisons knee.

Madison flinched slightly but felt a tingle as his hand squeezed her knee. She decided she was over-reacting. He was just being nice. She smiled up at him. She thought he was funny, and he seemed like he would make a great boss for daddy. She sat up straight and remembered that she was part of the equation, she had to make a good impression so he would hire her dad. He squeezed her knee again and she smiled at him again.

Madison made all of this herself, I am merely the help. Henry said as he placed the trays of food on the table.

That is amazing, you are quite the treasure, arent you? Mr. Thompson said and ran his hand higher on her thigh.

Madison smiled again at the compliment. Mr. Thompson took his hand off her thigh as he reached for the tray. She told herself he was only being nice to her because he was interested in hiring her daddy. He held out the platter for her as she served herself. Everyone served themselves and then started eating. She tasted the chicken and it was perfect. Thank God, she thought.

This is fabulous! Mr. Thompson said after he took his first bite.

Henry, you will have to rent her out to us for one of these dinners. Mr. Thompson said, and his hand landed back on her thigh.

Madison took a bite of chicken as the warm hand sat on her thigh. She thought it was good that he was talking about the future. Maybe he was going to hire her daddy. He was so excited about this job; this was the first one he had reacted like this to since her mom had left. She felt the hand slide farther up her thigh and then back down a little. She felt a tingle in her thigh and wondered why for a second, she looked at him, he seemed so funny and nice, this must be what grownups did at dinner parties. She took another bite as his hand slid up to the edge of her dress. She looked across at her daddy and he was laughing at something Katie was saying. He looked very happy and the warm hand slid under her little black dress. Her thighs tingled again, and she tried to stay calm as she reached for something to drink.

So, honey, will you come and cook for me and the Mrs. sometime? Mr. Thompson said, and she felt his hand slide further up, touching the tops of her stockings. She felt a shiver as he touched her soft skin above her stockings. She took a deep breath and tried to stay focused, being a grownup was hard.

The little vixen was wearing stockings. Fuck, could she get any more adorable and sexier at the same time? Mr. Thompson ran his fingers across the lace on the young girls thighs. He felt her try to move her legs together instinctively. He looked at her and smiled, putting slight pressure on her thighs and her legs spread easily.

Sure, I guess. She said to him, looking right into his eyes and he smiled at her.

She was not sure of what he was thinking but his hand stayed between her thighs. She saw him turn his head towards her daddy. She grabbed her drink and tried to stay calm.

Henry, so tell me, why should we hire you? Mr. Thompson said, turning to face her daddy.

Um, well, I am a good salesman, and my daughter is a great cook. Henry said and chuckled, taken a little by surprise at the sudden serious question.

True on the great cook, we will have to evaluate on the good salesman part. We ask a lot of our salesmen; are you willing to make some family sacrifices and do whatever it takes to get the job done? Mr. Thompson said, looking right at Henry and keeping his hand firmly between Madisons young thighs, stroking the soft skin.

Yes sir, I am very passionate about sales and I can travel if necessary. I dont like to leave Madison alone, but she is very independent and can take care of herself occasionally. Henry responded.

Mr. Thompson thought it was really cute that Henry assumed family sacrifice meant travel and not easy access to his little sweetheart.

That is great. So, tell me Madison, are you ok with that? Are you willing to sacrifice for your daddys career? You are very young, are you sure you can do this for your daddy? Mr. Thompson said, and Madison felt his hand move slowly across the inside of her thigh.

She looked at him and he was smiling as his fingers ran lightly across the tops of her stockings. She looked at her daddy and he was smiling at her apprehensively. Katie was also looking at her but neither of them could see what was happening under the table. She looked back at Mr. Thompson and her daddy spoke.

Madison, honey, you would be willing to put up with a little travel, right? This job would be a big step up for us. Henry said to her and her heart broke looking at him so happy and excited.

She looked back at Mr. Thompson.

So, honey, are you willing to sacrifice for your daddy? He said again, his fingers playing around between her legs.

She took a deep breath and looked at her daddy. She needed to be a grownup and she thought she was doing a great job.

Sure, I can do that. She said, trying to sound confident as the older man ran his hand farther up her smooth leg.

Good girl, it is nice to have family support, it is critical to success in our business. Mr. Thompson said to Henry. He slid his hand up the inner thigh of Henrys young daughter, enjoying the warmth of the smooth skin above her stockings.

Madison took a deep, slow, breath and smiled. Her body was vibrating, this older man was doing a lot of stuff between her legs and it was starting to feel really good. She felt pretty strongly that this was a part of her daddys interview and she wanted to help him so badly, but no boy had ever touched her in those places and she was fighting the urge to just close her eyes and focus on the hand. Wives must be able to control themselves better in these situations. She took a deep, slow breath and focused on being a grownup. Her scrambled thoughts were interrupted by her daddys voice.

Yes sir, I agree, we are willing to do whatever it takes, we are very excited about the opportunity. Henry said and Mr. Thompson wondered what Henry would think if he realized what they were actually talking about. He visualized this little sweetie bent over his desk. He ran his fingers up farther and felt the lace wrapped around her little pussy, he could feel the heat. So far, he was very impressed with this youngsters choice of undergarments. He was looking forward to seeing how this situation developed.

Madison flinched as his finger touched her inner thigh and traced the edge of her panties. She took another bite of food to try and distract herself.

That sounds good Henry. We have the field narrowed down to three now since you have shown you have a wonderful support system and the right attitude. Mr. Thompson said, his finger now rubbing across the front of the panties of the young girl sitting to his left.

Everyone finished eating and sat back. Mr. Thompson had removed his hand to get seconds and had not put it back. Madison kept her legs apart just in case. She had decided that she thought she could do this. It was for daddy and their future and it wasnt so bad, his fingers were gentle, and she had to admit it felt pretty good.

Daddy, I will clean up the dishes so you guys can talk. Madison said and stood up, picking up her plate.

Henry, come on, lets go in the living room, I want to find out all about you. Honey, you help little Madison clean up this mess. Katie said and grabbed Henrys hand, pulling him into the other room.

Madison watched her daddy being drug into the room by the beautiful girl. He had a funny look on his face as he disappeared behind the wall and she giggled. Mr. Thompson stood up and picked up a couple of plates.

I guess we were told, sweetie, guess we better get busy. He said and carried the plates to the kitchen.

She followed and they had the table cleared off quickly. She loaded the dishwasher and he helped with the leftovers. She thought it was sweet of him to help so much. She ran some water in the sink to wash the few pots that were left.

I guess I will dry. He said and grabbed a towel.

She started washing the pots and he stood next to her.

You are really a treasure. Your daddy is lucky to have you. Mr. Thompson said and touched her shoulder, moving her hair back over her ear.

Madison smiled at him proudly and his hand moved to her back and then stopped right on her lower back.

I bet you dont even realize how pretty you are. He said and his hand moved over her butt.

Beautiful, and so soft, and then so firm. You are a perfect little thing. He said as he squeezed her young ass.

She rinsed a pot as he rubbed on her butt. She was trying very hard to stay calm. She put the pot in the drainer and looked at him.

Thank you, its time to dry. She said sweetly.

He chuckled and grabbed the pot, wiping it down. He placed it on the counter as she was placing another in the drainer. They finished the dishes, Madison washing, and his hands busy drying. He folded the towel and placed it on the counter.

So, what do you guys have to drink here, sweetie? Mr. Thompson asked.

I think we have some beer and a couple of bottles of wine. Madison said.

Wonderful, wine would be prefect. He said.

Madison opened the cabinet and pulled out the two wine bottles. He took them and smiled.

Very nice, grab some glasses and lets go see what those two are up to. He said.

She grabbed three glasses and followed him into the living room. Her daddy and Katie were sitting on the couch, talking very seriously.

Oh goodie, wine! Katie squealed when she saw them walk in.

Madison handed a glass to her daddy and Katie. She turned to hand the glass to Mr. Thompson, he took it and he looked at her.

Where is your glass, sweetheart? He said.

I am too young to drink. She responded quickly.

Nonsense, kids in Europe drink wine as soon as they can feed themselves, we are way too hung up over here in this country. Henry, you dont mind, do you? Mr. Thompson said.

Of course not, Madison is very mature, she can handle it. Henry said.

Madison looked at her daddy again and he looked like he was still happy and so proud of her. She turned and got another glass from the kitchen which Mr. Thompson promptly filled. He raised his glass.

A toast to a potentially great partnership. Mr. Thompson said and clinked Henry and Katies glasses.

He turned to Madison and held his glass in front of her. Madison clinked her glass and looked at him. His eyes were sparkling.

I am excited to get to know more about you sweetheart. He said softly to her.

Madison wondered what that meant, he knew a lot about her already, but she thought it was a good thing and she was doing good. She decided that she was acing this grownup stuff and took a nice swig of her wine. It burned her throat a little, but she kept a strong face and took another sip.

The evening continued with a lot of grownup talk and work things. Madison could feel her body shutting down, two glasses of wine and boring adult talk and she was struggling to keep her eyes open. She heard laughing and she looked up to see everyone staring at her.

Henry, I think it might be time for us to go, your little princess is fading fast. You need to put her to bed. Mr. Thompson said as he walked over and ruffled her hair.

Madison looked up at him and he looked huge from where she was. He was smiling and playing with her hair. She smiled back and started to stand. She stumbled a little as her head was a little fuzzy from the wine. Mr. Thompson wrapped his arm around her and held her up.

She may also be a little woozy, our baby may have her first buzz. Mr. Thompson said, squeezing her.

Henry and Katie chuckled. Katie hugged her daddy and Mr. Thompson turned and knelt in front of her. Her vision was a little blurry as she tried to focus on him.

Sweetheart, it was wonderful to meet you and I look forward already to the next time. He said and kissed her on the forehead as his hand moved under her dress and caressed her butt. He squeezed and rubbed as he hugged her.

He kept his arms wrapped around her and stood up. She felt her feet leave the floor as he continued to hug her. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders. He kissed her again on the cheek and put her down.

Katie came over and hugged her as well, Madison felt her soft boobs again as her head was swallowed by them. Katie still smelled wonderful. She pulled back and looked Madison in the eye and then kissed her softly on the lips.

I hope to see you soon as well, sweetie. Katie said as she put her hands on Madisons cheeks.

Henry, we will see you Sunday then. Our house, 1:00, you will meet the board of directors. That is the second part of the interview process. You will also meet the other two candidates, nice to know your competition. Mr. Thompson said.

Great, what can we bring? Henry asked.

The only thing you need to bring is your sweet daughter, and both your swimsuits. The weather is supposed to be wonderful and it is a casual get-together. Mr. Thompson said.

We can do that, thank you so much, Mr. Thompson. It was wonderful meeting you Katie. Henry said as they all walked to the door.

Henry opened the door and Mr. Thompson and his young beautiful wife walked out to their fancy car. Henry watched them pull out, waving one last time, and then closed the door. Madison looked up at him.

Daddy, I am so sleepy, and my head feels weird. She said and her daddy chuckled.

Sweetheart, it is very late, and you may be a little drunk, I am so sorry. He said.

Its ok daddy. I wanted to make you proud and try to get them to like you. Do you think we did good? She said, slurring her words a little.

We did great sweetheart and you were wonderful. Henry said and scooped his young daughter up in his arms.

He carried her up the stairs as she nuzzled her head against his chest. She could feel sleep coming quickly as her daddy carried her. He went into her room and placed her gently on the bed.

I will see you in the morning, honey. Henry said.

Good night, daddy. Madison said softly and felt his soft lips on her cheek.

She smiled and closed her eyes. She would get her pajamas on in a minute, she just wanted to lie here a few minutes. Her brain shut down almost immediately as she floated into her first alcohol-induced sleep.

Henry got ready for bed and he could hardly contain his excitement. He was in the final three and he really felt they liked him. He finished brushing his teeth and walked down the hall. He thought he would check on Madison before he went to bed, so he peeked into her room. She was sound asleep in the same position he put her in. He walked to her and shook her shoulder. She did not respond.

He shook her again, but she was really out. He reached down and slid her heels off her small feet. He massaged them gently. He reached up to the top of her stockings and started to slide them down her legs. The nylon felt good in his fingers and he actually thought this would be pretty erotic if it wasnt his 14 yr-old daughter. He slid the stockings off and then massaged her cute feet once again. Her legs were strong but very nice and sleek. He slid his fingers up her strong calves a little and then stepped around.

He slid his arm under her back and sat her up. He leaned her against his chest as he unzipped her dress. He could hear her slow breathing as he slipped the dress off her shoulders and then laid her back down. He pulled the dress down her body and then folded it nicely and put It on her footlocker. He looked back and his breath caught in his throat.

His eyes immediately focused on her bare chest, her boobs standing firm. When did that happen? They were the size of oranges and stood proudly off her body with absolutely no sag. Her nipples were small and pink and sat perfectly centered on top. Her tummy was flat, and her hips were encased in black lace panties that hugged her hips perfectly. He shook his head to clear his thoughts, this was his daughter, but he was a little drunk and she was beautiful. He turned and saw her nightshirt laying across her chair. He grabbed it quickly and slipped It over her head, covering those perfect boobs. He pulled the covers down and slid her under. He tucked her in and kissed her on the cheek.

He slunk guiltily to his room, knowing he would blast a load soon. He tried to clear his head of his daughter and thought instead of what Katie would look like on Sunday in a swimsuit. He smiled as his guilt left him and his cock lurched. This would be a good one.


