They’d been lounging on the couch for most of the day, watching movies and trading kisses. It was all Wesley had wanted to do, and Will couldn’t say no to the birthday boy.

Except, Will had definitely had other plans for Wesley’s birthday and now that they had spent most of the day doing what Wesley wanted, he really needed to put his plans into action.

Wesley was sprawled out, head in Will’s lap, so Will pulled him into sitting position, Wesley protesting the whole time, and straddled him. Will kissed him, cutting off the rest of Wesley’s protests. He kissed him until Wesley was kissing back, arms wrapping around Will. That was when Will pulled away.

“Now, shut up and enjoy another birthday orgasm.”

Wesley’s mouth, which had been open while Will was talking, probably to protest, snapped shut, and his eyes went wide. Finally, he smiled and nodded. Will leaned down and nipped Wesley’s ear.

“Good.”

He knew exactly what he wanted to do, and didn’t waste any time getting there. He didn’t feel bad about it. He had the rest of the week to take his time on Wesley’s body.

He tugged down Wesley’s pajama bottoms and briefs, and happened to look up at the exact moment that Wesley opened his mouth. He was probably about to make some comment about Will not wasting any time, but seemed to think better of it. Good. The only thing Will wanted to hear out of Wesley’s mouth was sounds of pleasure.

He settled himself down on the floor in front of Wesley, tugging him to the edge of the couch. He didn’t even bother teasing Wesley. He just lifted Wesley’s legs and draped then over his shoulders. He leaned in, spread his cheeks and licked. He relished the sound of Wesley’s surprised gasp above him.

With that done, he settled down and took his time. He slowly licked around the edge, dragging it out to drive Wesley insane. He flattened his tongue and licked right over the hole. He chuckled against Wesley when he started up a very impressive stream of curse words and praises to various deities.

He continued licking slowly, almost teasingly, occasionally pushing just the tip of his tongue inside. When Wesley was babbling incoherently above him, he slowly eased a finger in, then a second finger, stretching Wesley.

He removed his fingers and pressed his tongue inside, groaning as he did so. There was a whimper out of Wesley and then silence. He wasn’t worried though. In the nine months that they’d been together, Will had paid attention. He knew Wesley was enjoying himself.

He looked up to see Wes. He was leaning back against the couch, head thrown back, eyes closed with his eyelids fluttering. His cheeks were flushed and his mouth was open, nothing but silent cries being released. It would seem he had finally found a way to make Wesley shut up.

Wesley was beautiful like this. Will groaned against Wesley again. He pressed his tongue in as far as he could, running it slowly around the walls. He removed his tongue briefly to suck at his hole, thinking that maybe he should have fucked Wesley first and filled him with his seed so he could be sucking it out, tinged with the taste of Wesley. He would definitely remember that for another time.

He pressed his tongue in again, except this time he stopped going slow, stopped teasing. He was about to reach out and stroke Wesley, but knowing Wesley so well he realized that he was about to come. Without being touched.

Will doubled his efforts, and sure enough, Wesley came, silently and hard. He looked up at Wesley. His eyes were closed and his chest was heaving. He gently eased Wesley’s legs off of him and joined him on the couch. He waited until Wesley caught his breath before he tried talking to him.

“You sill with me?”

Wesley turned to look at him, slowly opening his eyes. He looked completely dazed. He made a small sound in the back of throat that made Will chuckle.

“Guess not.”

Will just leaned back against the couch and waited.

“Fuck.”

Will just laughed. Of all of the first words that could have come out of Wesley’s mouth. He looked over at him. Wes still looked dazed, his eyes hardly open at all.

He wanted to do that to him again. Hell, if he could, he would continue doing that to Wesley for a very long time.

“Why are you looking at me like that?”

So lost in thought, he hadn’t realized that Wes was looking at him.

“I want to do that to you again.”

“Jesus, Will.”

“Are you really going to tell me that you would say no to that?” Wesley just looked at him, the ghost of a smile on his face. “Yeah, that’s what I thought.”

“Fine. You got me, but you’re going to have to give me more time to recover here.”

“I have a birthday cake for you. We could eat some cake, and then I can eat you. I’ll make you come again without even touching you.”

Wesley snorted.

“No way you could do that again.”

“Oh, so it’s a challenge then.”

*******

Will may have also woken Wesley up in the middle of the night just to do it again. And just for the record, Will won the challenge. Both times.