Oscar 


By JSR

This story was written for Oscar. I hope that he and you the reader enjoy it.

The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated or abused. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF 




My name is Oscar. I am going to tell you the story of me being cuckolded. But first, let me tell you something about me, my wife, and family.

My wife and I are both 42 years old. I am 5' 6 tall, and she is 5' 3. She is 157 lbs. And I am a little overweight at 231 lbs.

Her eyes are brown, and she has reddish brown, long wavy hair, down to her shoulders and her pubic hair is trimmed to a medium length.

She sometimes goes to aerobics a couple of times a week, but not always. She works in an Insurance office, and sometimes has to work late.

I have short brown hair and eyes. My cock is only about 4.5 inches when hard. I work as an IT person, and have to work late many time. I also get called in now and then on my days off.

I am the only one she has ever had sex with. And that was only after we were married, but I have been with at least 15 other women.

We have 2 daughters at home. We married at age 25, but we had met when in school.

I have had fantasies about being cuckolded by her since we first met. She however thinks that she gets enough sex, and that it is perfect the way we are. Since she has never had someone with a larger cock, she does not know that things could be different for her. She has never had an orgasm, and I would very much like to see her have some good ones, even if it means having her fuck a guy who could mop up the floor with me.

We live in a fair sized town, near the ocean. There are nude beaches near us, and we have visited them on occasion. I and the girls get totally nude, but she will only get topless. No one gets to see her pretty pussy, but me, as much as I would love for her to show herself to everyone.

Last Sunday evening, Irenes mother (Julie) and sister (Linda) came over unexpectedly. Both seemed to be rather upset. Julie came out and asked Irene, Are you and Oscar having troubles? Irene answered, No, why?

Linda told me that she saw you coming out of the Sundown Motel, at 9AM this morning, with a man that she could not identify, said Julie. At that point Oscar asked, What was Linda doing at that motel at 9AM on a Sunday morning? 


Linda said, I spent the night there with my lover. We were just leaving when I saw Irene in a car that pulled up to the registration window. She seemed to be busy trying to button her blouse so the clerk could not see her tits. She had no bra on, that I could see.

Oscar then asked, Your Lover?? since when did you become a scarlet lady? Julie answered, Since her lawyer husband told her that he would never allow a divorce to go thru, but told her that she should take a lover if she did not like his running around on her. We all know that as a lawyer, he could keep a divorce in limbo for a long long time.

Irene then asked Julie, Mom, since when do you answer for Linda? She should be old enough to talk for her self. Julie said, She asked me to do most of the talking this evening, as she was a little mad at Irene for almost catching her. Now I want the truth as to what you were doing there, and I think that Oscar should know it as well. I have noticed that you have not denied being there. Irene then said, Yes, I was there, and for the same reason that Linda was. I was there until 4PM today. As for the reason, I will let Oscar begin the story.


Oscar said, This started several years ago, when one night while I had my cock inside of her, I told her that I have had a fantasy, about her having sex with a virile young stud, while I watched. She just laughed and said, I don't need anyone but you, so just get that out of your mind. 

Julie said, Oscar you don't need to be so vulgar. Oscar answered, Do you want to hear the story, or do you want to debate semantics? Julie answered, Just get on with it. 

Oscar continued, Nothing else was said, but two weeks later, she had an office party to go to, but I could not get the time to go, so I told her to check with the guys in the office, and see if one of them could escort her to the party and then back home. I could have taken her, but I was trying to get her to see someone else as an escort.

The day of the party, I asked her if she had an escort yet. She answered, Yes, Sam's wife is out of town, so he is going to take me. Great, I hope you two have a very good time. I said with a grin on my face. She asked me, Why the big grin? Just want you have a good time. I left the house like I was going to work, and waited around the corner, to see what happened. Sam showed up, with flowers and a box of candy for her. Seemed like he was taking her out on a date, which looked promising to me.

Irene said, Sam thought that I would be easy, because I asked him to take me to the party. In his car, he reached over and started pulling my skirt up. I took my hand and forced his hand away from me. He frowned, but never said a word. At the party, he danced the first dance with me and then started making the rounds of the other women, both single and married. About halfway through the evening, the big boss came up to me and asked me to dance, which I did. During the dance, he asked me my name and what I did for the company. I told him I was happily married, and that I was a clerk in the outer office. He then asked me what my duties were, and I told him that I screened the people coming in, and got information on what kind of insurance they wanted, then made sure that they were directed to the proper salesmen. As we danced, I could feel his cock growing. It felt rather nice to feel that was apparently very large.

He told me, my boss was going to retire, but not to let on that I knew it. He said he would be looking for someone to replace her. Then he asked me if I thought I could do her job. I replied, I think I can learn to do it if I have a chance. He then said, I will keep you in mind. I figured that he said that to all of us in that department, and I would never hear about it again until one of my co-workers got the job. On the way home, Sam apologized to me, saying I did not know that you and the big boss were friends! I told him that that was the first time I had even seen him, let alone being friends. Sam then said that he spent more time talking to me than any of the other ladies that were there.

I figured that Sam was just talking, and did not want me to tell Oscar that he had tried to pull up my skirt. At home, I told Oscar everything that had happened at the party. He said that I should start playing up to the boss, and maybe something would come of it. I said fat chance of that, his wife is a beautiful woman, and I am just a plain Jane. Besides I love you, not him. Nothing more was said, until about a month later, when I found an envelope on my desk with my name on it. It was sealed. I opened it and found a note that said, Command performance you are to go to Che Lobe at lunch, and ask for me. Do not be late. It was signed by the big boss.

I looked around to see if someone was laughing while looking at me, and no one was. I was in a quandary trying to figure out if it was some kind of sick joke being played on me, but everyone was busy doing their jobs. I decided to take a chance and go, just to see who had sent the note. Since Che Lobe was just around the corner from our office, it did not take long to get there. As I walked in the door, someone took my arm and started moving me toward a table. I looked around, and it was the boss.

He seated me, and then sat across the table from me. We ordered lunch, and then he said, I have been going over the records of all of your cohorts, and I have come to the conclusion that you are the most qualified to take over the office managers job. This is your official notification, and you will start tomorrow, working with Ida, to learn what you need to know. I guess I had a shocked look on my face, and he asked me, You do want the job, don't you? Once I got over the initial shock, I said, I would be pleased to have that job. I also noticed that his pants had a large tent forming. I thought he must have a very large cock. I wonder what is causing him to get hard.

Good, he answered. I need someone who I can rely on, and who will not take exception to having lunch with me now and then, and on rare occasions, supper. I said, lets see how I like the job, before I get to involved in company matters. He just laughed and said, ok. By the way, my wife asked me to have you and your husband over for dinner sometime next week. Is there one day better than the other for you? I smiled at him and answered, no just tell me when, and we will be there.

The next morning there was another sealed envelope on my desk. This time I recognized the hand writing. It said, You and Oscar are invited for dinner on Thursday next week. Please be here at 5:30 PM, and dinner will be at 6PM. There was no signature on it, but smiled because I knew it was from the boss.

I worked with Ida all week, and on Thursday about noon, I received a phone call from Oscar saying that he would have to beg off, as he would have to work probably until midnight on a special project. I went to the bosses office and told his secretary that I needed to see him. I was let into the office, but he was holding a note which read, 'Do not speak, I think my office is bugged' he then said, is it lunch time already? Well lets go so we can get there before the crowd.

At Che Lobe, after we were seated, he said, I think my secretary has bugged my office, and I am trying to find the bug. When I find it, I can then fire her, for it. It has to be her, as she is the only one with a key, besides me.

I told him that Oscar had to work late, and so we would not be coming. He said, Nonsense, you can come anyway. I assume that you have already arranged for a baby sitter for the kids. Yes, I answered, but I will have to go home and make sure that she shows up. Not a problem, I will arrange for you to work an hour over, then everyone will be gone, and I will take you home, then to my house for dinner. I said all right, that sounds very interesting.

When we arrived at his house, his wife said, 'Robert Jackson, why did you not call me and say you would be late?' He answered her by saying that Oscar could not make it, so we had to go check on the baby sitter for Irenes children. Sorry I did not call, but as you know I think my office is bugged and I do not want Cynthia to know anything not related to work. This rang a bell in my head, and I thought, 'not related to work' then what is this dinner for? I thought about it for a second, and then forgot about it, until later.

Oscar broke in at this time and said, I did not really have to work late, but I wanted to give Irene a chance to be with her boss without me being a third wheel. I went to a movie and came home about 9:30 PM. She still was not home. I sent the babysitter home, and turned on the TV.

Julie broke in and said, So you just let her go to the spiders den without any protection? Oscar said, It was the only way to find out if he was seriously interested in taking her to bed, and she just might get to see that large cock that he seemed to have.

Irene said, Mom, I wanted to go, and I did not need Oscar's presence to upset what I was feeling. I would have gone to bed with him right there, had he asked me. He was seated next to me at the table, and Cathy (his wife) was seated across from us with their daughter Tony next to her. Bob laid his hand on my leg, but did not move it, or his fingers. I guess he was trying to gauge my reaction. I did nothing. I did not move away, move his hand, nor did I say anything. It gave me a real warm feeling to have it there. A couple of times I reached over and put my hand on his leg, and once I missed and felt his huge cock. I knew that I wanted to see it and feel it inside of me. I would even give him a blow job in front of his wife if he had ask me.

Later, when it was bed time for Tony, she asked if I could be the one to put her to bed. I said that when she had her pajamas on, I would tuck her in. When I put her in bed, she kissed me and said, Momma was right. I asked her what she meant, and she said that mom had said that if she had to pick another wife for dad, it would be you.

I told her that I had two little girls of my own, and I could never take away a daddy from his little girl. She gave me a big smile and said, I know but you are very nice, and I would like to see you come again, and bring your little girls with you.

 Later, when Bob was getting ready to take me home, Cathy whispered in my ear, 'Don't do anything that I would not do, and I will do anything that Bob asked me to. Once in the car, Bob said, it's early yet how about we go somewhere? I said, well I guess it's all right, what did you have in mind? He answered, I know a nice motel not far from here. We could get a room and have a nice quiet chat. I looked at him, and I could see that he was serious, so I said. All right, but I have to get home before midnight. I knew I was in for an interesting evening, and I wanted it very badly.

Oscar said, You did not make it. It was 1:30 when you got home. And while you did not say anything, I could tell that he had fucked you several times. I smiled and thought to my self, Now she has had a man with a larger cock, I sure hope she enjoyed it.

Irene continued, At the motel, I started stripping as soon as the door closed behind me. My first look at Bob's cock was fascinating. I had never seen one so large, and I was excited to think that it would soon be inside of me. He made love to me and by the time he was ready to enter me, I was so wet. I had already had two orgasms, and it was the first time in my life that I had ever had one. When his cock started entering me, it was like the first time I had ever been fucked. It was so big around that my pussy thought a ball bat was being pushed up into it. I have never felt so sexy in my life, and I want to have him inside of me often, and also do it in front of Oscar. That would make him happy, and me as well.

 I did not want Oscar to know, that I had been fucked so I initiated giving him a blow job. I knew that if he fucked me he would know that I had been royally fucked. He never said a word to indicate that he knew.

Oscar said, A week later, I found the private number for Bob's office, and called him. I told him who I was, and that I would like to have a private chat with him. He asked me what it regarded, and I told him it was a personal matter I needed to discuss with him. We arranged to meet for lunch at Che Lobe the next day. I met with him and I told him that I hoped he enjoyed fucking my wife. He looked shocked and said, 'I don't know what you are talking about.' I said, Bob, I know the truth, and do not worry, I am not upset. In fact I tried to engineer it to happen. The only thing I want to say is that I want to watch you stretch her pussy. I am very small down there, and I want to see her have a normal sized cock inside of her, that can give her an orgasm, which I have never have done. You can continue to see and fuck her as much as you want, just do not try to break up our home. I really do love her, and so do our two daughters. Also, I do not want it to break up your family either.

That evening, after Irene got home, and the kids were in bed, I said to her, Bob will be here in half an hour. It is now time for you to fuck him in front of me. From now on, I want to see him fuck you at least once a month, and with no condoms like I use on you.

Irene said, I questioned him about the condom issue, and said what if I get pregnant? He answered, we will then have another mouth to feed, also you will agree that if I bring home a lady, you will watch me fuck her, and again I will not use a condom. I then said, all right if that is what you really want, I will have Bob's baby, but you must still use condoms on me. That way we will know that Bob is the father.

Linda said, So now we are both cuckolding our husbands. So you will have to quit being so judgmental as to how and why I do other men. Irene said, One big difference, is that I will have Bob's baby. Are you woman enough to have another mans baby, like maybe Oscar's?

Julie said, I do not believe that Oscar has a penis that small! Oscar took that as a challenge, and dropped his pants and underwear, then walked over in front of her and said, See for yourself. Julie looked at his cock and said, As small as you are, you are bigger than the girls dad was. Maybe I should rethink my life, and start with you fucking me. Irene can have her lover. You can give Linda a baby,and you and I can have a great time, as it would be new for me to have a large cock even as small as yours in me.

Now Oscar has impregnated his sister in law, and has a great time fucking his mother in law, while watching his wife being fucked.   


Comments and suggestions are always welcome

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com
