Special delivery!

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 31 - Double Your Fun (MMF, cons, magic, oral, span, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

One of the coolest things about having a copy of you show up, but with only recent memories, is getting to re-watch your favorite older movies with him because he's never seen them. We had just finished watching Terminator and Terminator 2 (Director's Cut, of course) back-to-back.

"That...was...awesome!" he declared. "Are there any more in the series?"

I screwed up my face. "Um, there are, but I think we should just stop there to avoid disappointment."

"Huh...okay," he replied, and got up to get a soda from the fridge. "You want one?" he asked, holding one aloft.

"Sure."

Then I put on The Matrix.

---

After a few days of hanging out with Other Tom (I got the idea for that from Coraline), I was getting a bit sick of him. When I went to have some of my leftover pizza, I found that he had already eaten it. He wore my favorite clothes sometimes, and wasn't the least bit sorry.

"They're my clothes too," he said. While the clothes he had arrived in were copies of the ones I was wearing when Oberon had kidnapped me, they weren't my favorites. I was pretty sure that normal siblings didn't have to go through this kind of frustration.

"My brother would dunk me in lava," Demie said when I mentioned it to her, "or rape me up the ass. If all you're complaining about is food and clothing, I think you're doing fine."

I frowned.

Demie gave me a moue of empathy and then grinned. "You sound pretty frustrated. Wanna take it out on me?" She took my hand and pulled me to my bedroom. As I disrobed and she climbed onto the bed, her own clothes disappeared, as they were just part of her shapeshifting body.

She shook her round booty at me. "C'mon, spank me, stud."

I got behind her, gave myself a big wind-up, and then slapped dat ass. SMACK!

"Ooh..." Demie moaned. "Again..."

I smacked her other cheek with my left hand. Not as hard, as I'm right-handed, but my main hand was already smarting from that first one.

"Again!" she demanded.

Instead of going for quality and hurting myself, I decided on quantity. I moved to the side and started giving her whack after whack, paddling with both hands. Soon the red skin of her buttcheeks was even redder.

"Enough. Fuck me."

My cock had flagged a bit through all the exertion -- violence wasn't really my thing -- but as I got behind her and saw her puffy, glistening pussy lips, it didn't take long for me to get back to full mast. I lined the head of my cock up and pushed inside.

"Hey, Tom, what are you--"

"Fuck!" I yelled, and stopped as Other Tom opened the door.

"Ah, so you are..." Other Tom said as he stopped, watching us. I waited for him to leave but he didn't.

Then he realized: "Oh, shit, you want to be left alone. I'll..." He stopped, considering.

"Or..." both he and Demie said at the same time.

"Um, Demie..." I said, uncertainly.

"Get over here," she said to Other Tom.

Soon I was thrusting into Demie from behind while she sucked on the changeling's cock. We were able to get a good rhythm going, where my thrusting would push Demie forward onto Other Tom's cock, and then as she pulled away from his dick she would push back onto mine. It was actually working out well.

At least until Other Tom grunted and came in Demie's mouth, way sooner than I would have. She licked him clean and then he fell sideways onto the bed as she gulped down his spend.

"Well, you lasted longer this time," she told him as I continued to fuck her.

He looked embarrassed. "Last time was literally my first time, you know. I mean, I remember having sex with you before because he does," he looked at me, "but my body's new and I got overwhelmed."

"Right, virgin changeling," she replied.

I thought back to the night I had lost my virginity, with blonde, bespectacled Tracy on the night of the grad party. I hadn't lasted long either.

"Oh, Tom..."

I looked down. Tracy, with her glasses still on, was before me, looking back with lust as I continued to thrust into the short 18-year-old. I hadn't noticed Demie's pussy had changed shape when she had assumed the form of the girl who had taken my virginity, but it definitely felt tighter, just like Tracy's had. Much better without the condom we had used then, too.

Tracy looked concerned. "You'd better pull out when you're gonna cum, Tom, okay? It's not a safe day."

Oh, Demie, I freaking love you, I thought, and grabbed Tracy's ass so I could thrust harder.

"Ohh, Tom, does that turn you on, knowing that I'm fertile right now? Pleeeease pull out..."

There was no way that I was going to do that. I thrust faster, harder.

"Tommm..." She lowered her head to the bed and I could feel her pussy getting tighter around my cock as her own orgasm approached.

"Nooo, Tommm...Tommmmm...UhhaaaAAHH!"

I felt Demie/Tracy orgasm, her pussy gripping me forcefully and setting me over the edge. I thrust quickly as my own orgasm washed over me, my cum shooting up my shaft and blasting Tracy's fertile insides.

"Ohhh nooo..." she moaned, her own orgasm extending as she felt me fill her up.

Soon, breathing heavily, I pulled out and collapsed next to Other Tom.

"He didn't last much longer than me," he whined.

"That was Tracy Dettmeier," I said, pointing at the short blonde as she rolled to the side and gave me a toothy grin.

Other Tom shrugged. Right, he only had recent memories. "My first. I lost my virginity to her on grad night and then we never did it again. She broke up with me soon after. She said she only did it with me because she didn't want to go off to college a virgin."

"That sucks. I'm sorry, buddy." He put his hand on my shoulder.

I looked at it. "Maybe don't touch me while we're naked?"

He pulled his hand back. "Oh, sorry. I'll get dressed."

Back into my favorite shirt and jeans, of course. I sighed.

---

My phone rang, and the caller ID indicated that it was my cellular company. "Hello?"

A friendly male voice answered me, "Hello, sir, how are you today?"

"Fine, thanks. What do you need?" If they were trying to sell me something...

"We're just wanting to confirm your address, sir. A recent letter sent to you was returned as undeliverable."

"Oh, shit, I'm sorry. I forgot to update you since I moved."

"No problem, sir. What's the new address?"

I gave it to him. He thanked me, apologized for the inconvenience, and hung up.

---

"Here's the address," the man said as he took off his phone headset and handed the slip of paper to the blonde woman. "Now we're even, Shepherd."

---

In the afternoon, the intercom buzzed and I answered it, "Yeah?"

The woman at the front door was too close to the door camera, her breasts seemingly huge as they filled the screen, as well as the tight brown shirt of her uniform. "Delivery for Tom?"

I hit the door button and waited. Soon enough, there was a knock at the door.

As I opened it, a couple of things struck me. First was that the blonde delivery woman looked familiar, even with the brim of her hat pulled down. The second thing was the package itself, hitting me in the chest like a brick and knocking me backward.

Then there was a handgun in my face. "Where the FUCK is my baby?!"

"Dianna?"

"Where?"

"I don't know! I don't know what you're talking about!"

She kicked the door shut behind her and gestured for me to go to the couch. "Who else is here?"

"Almost everyone," I replied, sitting. We had a full house today, except for Demie. The only question was, who would investigate the noise first?

"Tom?" My voice came from my room where Other Tom had been napping.

"Shit..." I mumbled.

"Come out!" Dianna called, moving so her gun covered both me and that hallway.

Other Tom emerged into the living room, stopped, and immediately put his hands up as he saw the gun. "Oh, hey, ma'am. What's going on here?"

Ma'am? Oh, right, the changeling only had my recent memories, so he didn't recognize Dianna. She recognized him, though.

"What...? What...?!" The detective alternated pointing the barrel of the gun to him and then back to me.

"My brother," I offered.

Finally, Shepherd gestured for Other Tom to sit next to me. He did, and then put his hands down, waiting.

That's when baby Amy started to cry.

"Seth!" Shepherd yelled, and ran toward Kate's room.

"Dianna, no!" I yelled, and both Other Tom and I jumped to our feet and chased after her.

Shepherd kicked open Kate's bedroom door and pointed the gun inside. "Give him to me!"

Kate screamed and as we closed the distance I yelled out, "Dianna!" The police detective heard, turned the gun toward me, and pulled the trigger.

Click!

Both Other Tom and I barreled into her, knocking her onto her back. Other Tom wrestled her gun away and I heard the trigger click again, with the same result of not firing.

I sat on Shepherd's torso, under her breasts, and she winced and cried out in pain. I quickly adjusted my position lower while keeping her arms immobile with my own. Other Tom was standing, pointing the gun at her head.

Kate stepped out of her bedroom holding Amy. Shepherd saw the baby and started thrashing. "Give me my boy, you fuckers!"

"This is Amy, my baby girl," Kate said, holding the child out so that Shepherd could get a clear look. As soon as the detective realized the truth, she stopped struggling and began to cry.

"Okay, everybody back off," I told them, and they headed into the living room. Then I got off of Dianna, stood up, and stepped back. I could see blood soaking into the midsection of her delivery uniform shirt. "Shit, you're hurt."

Shepherd slowly got to her knees as I headed to the bathroom for the medical kit. I had gotten it a few weeks ago, since we kept having gothic horror shit happen to us. When I got back into the living room, Shepherd was sitting on the couch, her head in her hands. Other Tom still had the gun pointed at her, and Kate was standing back with Amy in hand, looking worried.

"Take your shirt off," I told the older woman, and she did so, wincing as she slipped one arm out of the sleeve.

I paused. Shepherd had lost a lot of weight since I had last seen her. I could see her ribs! My concern couldn't keep me from noticing that her breasts had grown, however. They were barely constrained by her bra. Right, she had had a baby, so of course her boobs would have filled with milk. Damn, they looked nice...

I shook my head to clear it and sat down next to her. The blood was seeping from a gash across her ribs, and I used a cloth to dab it away, causing her to wince.

"Give me that," she growled, and grabbed the cloth and kit. Soon she had the bleeding under control, and now that it was clean I could see that the wound had been recently stitched. She stretched gauze over it and taped it in place. Then she lay back on the couch cushion, breathing heavily.

"Where is Demie, Tom?" she asked through gritted teeth.

---

We advised Dianna to lay down while we waited for Demie to arrive. She came and went randomly, but now that she was enjoying being Auntie to Amy she was usually home every day.

I picked up the package that Dianna had thrown at me when she had pretended to be delivering it and gave it a shake. Curious, I opened it up and, sure enough, it was a brick.

I sat at the kitchen table with Kate and Other Tom. Shepherd's gun was in the middle of it, its muzzle pointed away from all of us. "Why didn't it go off?" I asked.

Kate spoke up, "When Amy started to cry I took her out of her crib and then the door burst open. All I saw was the gun, and...I just reacted."

"You cast a spell?" I asked, confused.

She nodded. "Turned the bullets to air. Transmutation's tough, but I'm pretty talented." She smiled, and then frowned. "Was pretty talented."

"So you can cast spells again?" Other Tom asked.

She frowned in concentration as the baby fed off of one of her fantastic breasts, distracting us. Once things had calmed down after Shepherd bound her wound, she had likewise been distracted by Kate's nakedness. Though the former witch had given birth just a few weeks ago, her young body had bounced back pretty well, showing only a bit of "mummy tummy" now.

"No...I can't do anything now, just like after Tillie came for you...uh, you." She reoriented on me. She was referring to the Siren living next door, who Kate had somehow trussed up with magic. "Adrenaline?"

"Maybe," Other Tom and I responded simultaneously. We looked at each other. Our similarities had been cool at first, but now they were getting annoying. I wondered if he was feeling the same. Probably, since we were so similar.

"Oh!" I remarked as I remembered something. "That spell you cast so that Demie can't kill me with an accidental kiss...is that gone now that you have no magic?"

"Nope. I tied that into the energies you and Demie produce when you have sex. As long as you keep doing that, the spell will continue."

"Huh," I responded.

"You aren't thinking of kissing her again, are you?" She was giving me one of those looks.

I held out my hands. "Oh HELL no! That almost killed me last time."

"Well, good." She looked down at the baby, who had fallen back asleep during her feed.

"What the fuck happened to my couch?!"

Upon hearing Demie arrive home, we sprung up from the kitchen table to greet her. After explaining why the couch was stained with blood, we all sat down with Dianna.

Shepherd told her side of the story: someone had broken into her home, stole her baby, and she herself had ended up in the hospital with a knife wound. "Whoever the blonde was with the southern twang, she said that you promised her my baby because you needed her help." She stared at Demie accusingly.

Demie stood in thought. "A blonde with a southern accent? That sounds like Cassandra -- she's a prophetess -- but I didn't promise her your--" Then she hissed with a sudden intake of breath. "'Nothing that you will miss...nothing that you currently have...it will not be yours, though you will be responsible.'"

"What was that?" I asked.

"The price for a prophecy. I helped get Dianna pregnant...I was responsible for baby Seth being born. He was the price."

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)