Girl is the term used throughout this story to refer to one of the characters....Girl in this context refers to a person 18 years old or there abouts in age upward. That's upwards. 


(F/F prostitute - rough language and made to be hot.) 

Also - Listen to Pink - Aerosmith - while reading- really! 



Curb Crawling by SafeWord (C)  

Impatiently she tapped her fingers on the steering wheel, waiting for the light to change. She had been up and down this block three times now it was almost noon, on this morning of New Years Eve. The shops would be closing soon and she still couldn't find the store! She knew the general location, where the store was, but not the exact address. Normally she would ask someone, but not in this neighbourhood. The run down nature of this area, spoke silently of low income and hard times. The few shops she had seen all had plywood, tightly boarding up the windows.
 
Not an area she would normally be in except, she badly wanted to exchange the sweater her aunt had given her for Christmas. She was rapidly downgrading the importance of that however by the minute. Still, if she didn't wear the sweater, her aunt would pester her forever and the size was way too big for her. It hung on her like a bed sheet.
 
There had to be someone she could ask? Perhaps that girl on the corner there. She leaned over and made as if to catch the girl's attention, feeling sorry that the poor girl couldn't afford a better coat. She was hardly dressed and . . . realization sank in and she sat up upright and looked straight out her front window .
 
Now ignoring the girl, who was looking over at her. Face flushed red, she pretended not to notice the girl's inquisitive stare. It was a prostitute! My God! She had almost called over a street prostitute. Luckily the light changed and she gunned the powerful car across the intersection. Almost hitting a staggering cursing wino crossing against the light. 

After half a block, she caught her breath, slowed the car down and resumed her search for the store, but the girl on the corner, remained fixed in her mind. How could someone do that for a living? You'd have to be really down on your luck to stoop so low as to - - images of the girl naked on her knees, a fat male penis stuffed far down her throat, flickered though her mind - - another of the girl sucking one man while another faceless giant furiously fucked a huge cock into her little body from behind.

 
She shook her head, concentrate woman, there's more than one drunk in this neighbourhood. The car seats were heated but that didn't explain the heat in her loins. Now she was driving aimlessly, up one street, down another, still searching for the shop but her mind kept drifting back to the girl on the corner - - endless partners, endless faceless men, endless erect cocks. She must be on drugs, how could anyone . . .? 

Her own experience was limited to occasional encounters with her husband, and that was very limited indeed. His needs that way, with her, were matter of fact, quick and totally one sided. In morning's alone in her bed, her fingers made up for her husband's ineptitude. She had tried to encourage him to linger a bit, be more creative but he approached their bedroom like he approached his business dealings. Self centred, emotionless and completely task orientated. 
It made him a success in business, but not in the privacy of their bedroom. 

Still she wasn't unhappy, someday there would be children and that would suffice to keep her occupied. 

Her thoughts wandered back to the girl on the corner again. Wondering; was she satisfied? Did she come when she was being screwed by her customers? Did she like sucking their cocks? She tried to imagine, what it would be like to be on her knees in front of her husband. He had told her once bluntly that he wasn't interested in things like that, nor did he ever offer to engage in anything like that for her. She pondered on what it would be like if he did? If anyone did? Which led her thoughts to; did the girl have women customers? 

That thought, almost caused an accident, she had to swerve to avoid a stopped car, she had not noticed, horns blared out behind her. She shook her head and tried to keep her mind fixed on driving. 

To no avail. 

She must have female customers? New images appeared in her head - - the girl, down between a women's legs, licking her. Down between Her legs! Luckily, there was another red light in front of her. She had worked herself into a high state of sexual arousal and was really in no condition to continue driving. Her mind was all higgledy -piggledy, her body glowing, with the warmth of excitement.

 
She was leaning over to lower the setting on the car's air conditioner, when a tapping on the passenger window, disrupted her dream state. The GIRL was standing beside the car tapping on the window. Stunned! She realized, she'd driven, all the way around the block , right back to the same corner. 

The girl made motions for her to roll down the window and she fumbled for the button and lowered it. The girl stuck her head in the window, 

" Hi there Honey. Give me a lift along for a couple of blocks?" 

Dazed, she just sat there, finally nodding yes. 

"Cool . . . Well Sugar, you've got to open the fuckin door!" 

Mind numb, she fumbled for the correct button, until the locks snapped open and the girl opened the door and hopped in. A wash of cold winter air swirled into the car, mixed with a heavy dose of cheap perfume. 

"I was wondering when you'd get around to pulling over, you've checked me out four times now, is this your first time making a pickup?" 

Pickup!? Astonished, mouth open but speechless, she turned to the girl to . . . but her eyes were drawn to tiny slim feet in opened toed slings, long bare legs topped by a mini skirt so small that it covered nothing. The girl's panties were visible, she was practically naked. 

"Well?" asked the girl. 

"Oh sorry. No, I was just . . ."

"Good, then you know the routine," the girl twisted her body, leaned towards her and let her coat fall open. An ample pair of breasts, barely contained by a thin tank top though which nipples showed, was now just inches from her face. The girl's perfume and sweet body essence, assailed her nostrils. 

The girls smiled . . . 
"A hundred up front honey, gives you a half hour of this. If you want to go to a hotel then you pay for the room but this is one fine car you're driving, the back seat looks as good as a bed. Is it yours?" 

"Ahhh . . .Yes, but I'm not sure . . ." 

"Oh don't worry Honey, I know a spot we can park, just around the corner. Let's go, the lights changed!." 

She snapped back to concentrating on driving, checking carefully this time for wayward winos. Trying desperately, to gather her thoughts: the girl actually thought she wanted to . . . ! Then the creamy feeling between her weak legs told her the truth, she did want to, images returned of the girl's head bobbing between her legs. One hundred dollars, she spent more than that on a perm every month. Maybe just once, it would be interesting to, but No! Not like this, she'd just tell the girl that . . . 

"Turn here Honey, pull into that parking garage, I know the attendant, he won't charge you, we have a deal going. Men! Suck their dick once and you own em!" 

Confused, she quickly turned into the parkade, cutting off a taxi. More horns blared ,accompanied by an upright finger. 

The girl screamed though the closed window . . .

 "FUCK OFF YOU DICKHEAD!!! Fuckin cabbies, I charge them extra, the pricks. Go up to the fourth level Honey, there's a little spot between two walls there, nice and dark just great for making out, no one can see nothing. Got the hundred Honey?" 

"Yes, but look I really can't . . ." 

"Oh sorry Honey. I forgot you're driving, this your purse? Shit! Honey What is this? Calves skin, this musta cost you some loot, you got one of those old rich, limp dick husbands or something? More power to you sweetheart. A closet lezzie with a dickless wimp, what could be better, eh! Here's the up ramp, turn here, I've got the hundred, you're loaded, I took another twenty, I'm gonna give you a whole hour, you won't forget me soon sweetheart. My little News Years gift to you." 

"I think there's . . ." 

"Huh? No not that one Sugar, that spot over there. Stop the car. I'm getting in the back seat, there's not much room to get the doors open, once you're parked." 

She stopped the car while the girl got out and climbed in the back. Trying to get her bearings, she started to look around. 

"Common Honey, back this big boat in, I'm ready." 

Nervously, because she wasn't all that great at backing up, she somehow managed to get the car within the narrow alcove. The oblivion of darkness closed in around her. 

"Hurry Honey, the meter's running and you're paying!" 

She looked outside and could just see that she was parked too close to the wall to open her door. 

"Climb over the seat Honey. Dark ain't it? Here, I'll steer you, Yes Sugar. I'm gonna steer you real good, for an hour straight." 

She undid her seat belt as the girl's hands guided, pulled her, across the seat back. Graceful as a flopping fish, she ended up face down across the girl's lap. 

"That's a good spot. Let's get you warmed up, hey! " 

The girl's quick little hands slipped under her skirt and stripped her pantyhose and panties down off her backside. Shocked she felt the woman's hands fondling her bare ass. 

"You've got one cute little ass Sugar, seems a shame to do this but . . .!"

 The stinging slap that followed, opened her mouth in shock, the flurry of quick little smacks along with heat and pain, made her reach her arms behind her to try and protect her outraged bum. 

"Damn, I hate doing that, why your kind always wants a spanking, I'll never figure out. Okay my hand hurts too much for any more, down you go" 

One of the small girl's strong little hands, pushed her off the lap, down unto her knees onto the car's floor. Another hand guided her face, downward, into a very naked crotch. Her nose ended up, well buried in the girl's hot, wet, pungent and very slippery pussy. The girl curled a leg up behind her head, locking it in position. Her protests were muffled by the girl's gaping flesh, her mind was too stupefied, to think a way out of this, pandora's box she found herself in. 

"There you go sweetheart, I got you there, you do the rest, eat your little heart out." 

Totally befuddled and unable to move her face, held in a secure, pussy contact headlock. The touch of the aroused girl's slit on her lips, made her involuntarily slip her tongue out and taste.
 
That's nice, but don't tickle! Common bitch, get that dirty little tongue moving. I need a little come. Eat up, you sweet little pussy slut. Common lick me , that's it, Yeah! That's it Sugar, that feels good!" She felt motions behind her head as the girl's fingers gripped her long hair and wrapped it so tightly around her strong hand, that she felt hair pulling at her temples. 

" I know you won't mind if I steer you a bit, you lezzies pay way too much attention to my clit, I like to be licked everywhere, deep in my hole and I like my feet licked and my back door, too. You want to do that for me; Don't you?" 

She put her hands on the girl to try and push away but the girl jerked her hair so hard it hurt. Really hurt. 

"Don't use your fingers Honey, I don't like that, keep your fuckin hands down, do yourself, go on! Frig yourself, you're paying for it." 

Knowing the situation was completely beyond her control, that she was completely overpowered, silenced, she gave up protesting. Slipping her hands between her legs. She did her best to make this completely unmanageable girl happy and herself as well. 

"That's better, now you're getting into it. Make me come Honey, Make me come twice and I'll give you some extra time for free." 

Time, oh yes time. It flowed along with the girl's mysterious juices and fluids into her licking, sucking, open mouth. 

From then on, all she was instructed to do, she did. 

All she was told to do, she did, mindlessly. 

After a while she became lost in it, the wiggling of the women's hips, the sopping, slippery fleshy folds sliding, smearing fluids,  grinding on her face. The taste of the women, so unlike anything she had ever known, a rich heavy cream not a bit unpleasant , clean enticing and delicately poignant. Her tongue extended and dove down into this fountain to lap up this exquisite nectar. 

Images returned, of a women's face buried into deep in another's cunt but now the woman, was her and she rubbed her own over flowing pussy, all the faster, licked the women's folds and erect hooded altar, all the faster. Making the girl and herself come, as a consequence.
 
The girl, momentarily satisfied, pushed her head away. Her nose slid out of the wet grotto it had been nuzzled into. Resting, above her head, she heard the flick of a lighter and  the strong smell of tobacco smoke, drifted across her nose. The women used her hand to push her face lower, much lower, to darker, stranger tasting places. 

"That was nice real Honey, you get your face down south and lick me there for a while, I like that, it gets me hot really fast, come on bitch, I want to feel your tongue in my ass, that's a girl, Yeah, that's a good girl." 

She didn't think, she didn't even think about thinking, she just used her tongue to taste, to lick and her own fingers to rub and rub and rub and bring herself off to a second,  third, shattering orgasm.  Then lapped on, until the girl finally pulled her head back up so her lips were positioned, on the girl's clit. 

"Suck it this time Honey, suck it hard!" 

The miniature penis now in her mouth was so sensitive that every motion of her lips or tongue made the girl cry out and pull her face closer. She relished on the wonder of this small bit of another women's flesh, she laved it, nibbled on it, worried it with her teeth. Her tongue bathed it, up and down in slow hard strokes. Side to side in soft fast see saws. In little flicking cat licks from underneath that made the girl jump with every flicking lick. She buried her tongue far inside this wondrous cavern, this succulent pussy, her new found friend. 

All the while the girl whimpered and clawed at her scalp, all the while her own fingers worried her own little nub of pleasure as both of them shuddered and came ,and came , so many many times. 

Finally, fingers stiff, her pussy sore from furious rubbing. After seeming hours, of her head, face, lips, tongue being steered, pushed and pulled around all of the girls private openings and parts. She was pushed away, by the very satisfied street walker with the words . . .
 
"That's enough for now, save some for later. You're a greedy little pig aren't you. You sure must like my taste, okay you little slut, just lick my feet for a while. While I get my breath, then off you go." 


After a while she was pushed away, back onto her haunches, she let her head rest on the car seat. She was completely exhausted. Her tongue was actually tired, she had licked areas of this girl, that she had never seen on a women's body, not even her own. She had even kissed the girls feet, sucked toes, placed under her lips for her mouth's attention. 

On her knees, pantyhose down, she watched as the girl pulled back on her panties and her coat then open up the car door, just enough to squeeze out into the parkade. 

"That was great Honey, you give good head, you be sure to keep coming round to see me, now. I give discounts to my regulars. Speaking of which I've got to hurry. I promised a couple guys, I'd do em, before this years out. Bring me a coffee next time, eh? A Large Double Double." 

With another rush of cold December air, the girl was gone. 

After a while, she picked herself up off the car floor, pulled together her clothes and crawled back into the front seat. Automatically she started the car into motion and drove down and out of the parkade, not even protesting when the smiling attendant charged her fifteen dollars, for three hours parking. 

As she drove home, she forgot about that, she even forgot about returning the sweater. Her only thought was, where the heck was the closest coffee shop, to that darling girl's corner?

 End 



(C) CopyRight 2003 Safeword 		

Pink
Pink its my new obsession 
Pink its not even a question 
Pink on the lips of your lover, cause 
Pink is the love you discover 
Pink as the bing on your cherry 
Pink cause you are so very 
Pink its the color of passion 
`Cause today it just goes with the fashion 
Pink it was love at first sight, yea 
Lyrics by Aerosmith





 
 
