After a while, Floyd collected himself, took his shower, and headed back to his own room. He could hear the others having dinner down the hall. But he wasn't hungry, not for food at any rate. He also was having a hard time controlling the trembling in his hands. He blamed the shakes on needing a cigarette. When he went in to his room, he locked the door behind him. Floyd let out a frustrated sound and went over to his bed, grabbing the pack of cigarettes he kept on the bedside table. He pulled one out between his lips, and lit it with practiced ease.

He wasn't sure where to go from here, not in the slightest, he'd made a big mistake jumping Thomas like he had. Of course, it hadn't felt like it'd been the wrong thing. Floyd took a drag on his cigarette, blew out a smoke ring, while his free hand toyed with the drawstrings on his track pants. He twined them through his fingers as he let his mind wander, the freedom of the thoughts allowing him to try and make sense of what exactly had happened today. Beyond the fact that he'd licked Thomas.

His free and moved idly, the other focused on the cigarette. His battle-roughened palms slid under his shirt and over his stomach, toying with the sprinkling of hair there. He let his eyes closed as his fingers ghosted over his stomach. His thoughts were still on Thomas. But he was getting no further to figuring out why he'd done what he'd done. He was merely caught up in how it had all felt. His fingers traced patterns on his abdomen, he took another puff on his cigarette, and he squirmed a bit on the bed sheets.

By the time he had finished with the cigarette, his hand had trekked up to his chest. He ran his hand along his chest, idly, as his eyes fluttered beneath the lids. His breathing was even, but hitched when he thought about what had happened earlier. It was driving him crazy, because he just couldn't stop thinking about it.

How Thomas had felt beneath him, solid and warm, smelling of soap and something else beneath all of that. He frowned a little tried to calm down, even as his skin prickled in a rather delightful manner. He let his hand trail back down, back on to his stomach which had suddenly become rather warm and fluttery. His draw strings were still untied.

He thought that maybe he should light up another cigarette, but cut the thought off as his hand moved down, cupping his growing erection through the fabric of his pants. Floyd made a sort of hissing sound and squeezed his eyes shut. He shouldn't be doing this. Not thinking about his friend. His best friend. The firm reminder of what Thomas was to him didn't seem to negate the fluttering in his stomach. He squeezed himself a little harder and bit his lower lip, stifling the sounds that wanted to come out.

Floyd tore his hand away, flinging his other arm over his eyes as he let out a rather annoyed sigh. He tried to will the feeling away, as confusion and disgust with himself warred, knotting in his stomach, which still felt oddly warm.

"Fuck…" Floyd said quietly. He kept his eyes covered, but then let his hand trek back down. His breathing hitched again as he lifted his hips and pushed his pants and underwear down. He felt a thrill of pleasure, laced with a bit of shame, as he spit in to his palm, wrapped his hand around himself and started stroking. His hips twitched up and his head fell back.

It was completely wrong, and if he wasn't already going to hell for everything else he'd done, this probably would have tipped the scales. His eyes squeezed shut even tighter, and he let out a quiet gasp, biting down on his lip so he didn't say Thomas' name. Floyd's breathing was quickly loosing it's normal rhythm.

His thoughts drifted back to earlier, but instead of puzzling over what it had all meant, he focused on just how it had felt. The skin and muscle beneath him, the taste of his skin, the way he'd sort of growled out his name. Floyd's skin felt flushed all of a sudden, sensations prickling down his body. His hand tightened on his erection minutely, and he stroked himself a little faster.

"Thomas…" He groaned his name out, quiet and needy, he couldn't help himself. The images flickered in his mind, not just from what he'd done earlier, but from all sorts of different occasions he could recall.

Images and words flitted across his mind, too quick to grasp with any cohesion, but enough of a hint to fan the fire. A flash of skin, the growl of a word, the red-blonde hair falling in to entrancing green eyes. Floyd's eyes squeezed tighter as he stroked himself faster, lifting his hips from the bed slightly. The images blurred with scents… the taste of soap and something dangerous lurking there below that.

It didn't take too much longer after that, remembering in exquisite detail the fight that they had had, before he was spilling in to his own hand, and on to his stomach, whimpering out Thomas' name. He laid there for several long moments, trying to catch his breath, trying to rationalize his actions…

He couldn't. And now that the urge had been sated, the shame welled up again. Floyd didn't often feel shame, in fact, he couldn't remember a time in recent history that he had. He kept his hand flung over his eyes, and wiped the other on the sheets beside him. They needed changing anyways.

Floyd must have drifted off, because when he became aware of his surroundings again, his clock was reading several hours than he last remembered it. He grumbled a little, grabbed another cigarette, and got dressed. No missions, so it was casual, and he went in search of something to eat.

Desire sated, he was sure he'd be able to function normally… and maybe even talk things over and out with Thomas. But he needed food, and maybe a drink, first.

Floyd strolled in to the kitchen, wearing a white tank-top and the track pants from before. And stopped dead in his tracks when he saw Thomas leaning against the counter, peeling an apple with a paring knife. Thomas looked up and their eyes met.

Floyd felt his stomach flip and his heart leap in to his throat. Something blazed in Thomas' eyes. And Floyd had a feeling this wasn't going to end well.