When Tina returned to school on Friday and called for Mike, she expected him to be there, as he always was. “Mike!” she called, putting her school bag down on the counter and searching for the young slave boy. He was nowhere to be found. That immediately struck Tina as wrong, despite the fact that her family home was big and the young slave could be anywhere. He was just always right there.

She saw her mother’s slave Nina in the laundry room. “Nina,” she said, approaching the woman. “Where is Mike?”

The woman looked very saddened, disheartened. She looked up at Tina with almost mournful eyes. “He was taken,” she said softly. “Your mother told me to send you up to her room when you get home, Miss Tina.”

Taken? What did that mean? Tina felt her heart skip a beat and jump up into her throat. She very quickly darted towards the stairs, rushing up them and to her mother’s room. Where was Mike? Who would take him away from her? He was hers. Whether or not Tina liked the rules of slavery, Mike was hers and nobody had the legal right to take Mike away from her. “Mom!” she yelled. “What happened?”

Her mother looked up from her desk and then shoved her work aside. “Tina,” she said. “I want to know exactly what you’ve been searching online.”

Tina looked at her mother, confused. “The usual,” she said, though she could distinctly remember a few days ago, searching for places without an active slave trade and other methods by which slaves and their owners had broken the bondage. “Mom, where is Mike?”

Her mother looked absolutely disappointed. “Tina, report came from your school that you were talking about having romantic feelings for your slave. This lead to an investigation of your internet activities, and some of them were rather questionable, including a search for places without a slave trade and means of freeing a slave.”

Tina stared in shock. Who had told on her? Was it Quinn? Or maybe Miss Pillsbury had told under the guise of her job. Tina was panicking, instantly. “Mom,” she whispered. “I didn’t mean anything by the internet search. I was just curious.”

Her mother looked at her skeptically and Tina really couldn’t handle the disappointed and suspicious look on her face. “Mom…I…” she said softly, tears starting to burn in the corner’s of her eyes. “It isn’t Mike’s fault that I got curious about things like that. It’s not. Okay? Where is he? Mom, they can’t take him away from me, we paid for him. I have the ownership on him.”

Her mother nodded. “Yes, this is true and I convinced the slavers not to repossess his ownership in order to pay your fine,” she said. “He has been taken for a two week retraining program and in the mean time; I would see it that you reconsidered your position on your slave. Tina, I’m not being cold here, I’m just being realistic.”

“Mom, I don’t…”

“I thought that I loved Nina, once upon a time,” her mother said hesitantly. “She was given to me as a very young girl and we forged a friendship that is still, to this day, stronger than any that I have ever known; yet, Tina, I never forget that she is my slave. We are not on the same level and we will not have an open future together outside of these four walls. You must learn the same thing about your slave. He is attractive and you are permitted to express your lust but it can’t be anything more than that. You cannot free him. He will be a part of your life but you must put the walls up.”

“Mom, this isn’t fair!” Tina shrieked, all of a sudden accosted by the worst guilt she had ever felt in her life. “What are they going to do to Mike? It’s not his fault that I have stupid feelings that I can’t control. I’m a seventeen year old girl! This isn’t Mike’s fault at all.”

Her mother looked her straight in the eyes. “Tina,” she said firmly. “This is his fault, because he is a slave. This is a good lesson to you about the way that things work in this world. He will be returned to you, more aware of his place as a slave and you will have his ownership back as a woman more aware of the lines she’s tried hard not to see. This is for your own good. For the two weeks in between, you can get your focus back. I also have a date arranged for you with that lovely young man from Westerville, Blaine Anderson. It’s this weekend.”

“Mom, he’s gay!” Tina yelled, shock and horror evident. “He’s gay and just as in love with his male slave as I am with Mike! I know it! He’s gay mom!”

“Then this will be a good lesson for the both of you,” she said, coldly. “You will both learn that who you are in the privacy of your own home is fine, lovely even, but once you get into the public, there are things that are expected of you and that you cannot defy by any means.”

Tina sank down to the floor. She knew it was dramatic but horror had hit her hard. She knew that Mike was in a lot of trouble and despite the fact that his status automatically made it his fault, it was hers. Tears sprung to her eyes when she realized that she had brought this upon Mike. Oh god. He would hate her forever. She sobbed into her hands, feeling silly for crying like this but not really caring. Her heart hurt, it ached and there was nothing she could do about the pain.