Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book One: The Priestess's Passion Two: The Priestess's Hope
Summary: While the naughty thief makes her move, a knight rides to the leywife's defense.
Keywords: FF fantasy magic toy oral anal viol

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Illina  Raratha

My pussy melted as Lady Alloria Valis Korvan donned the ivory dildo she'd removed from the statue to Saphique, Goddess of Women and Lesbian Love. And some passion inspired by the naughty Goddess was definitely about to happen. I squirmed in my toga, feeling the weight of the jewelry I'd stripped off of her.

She hadn't realized I'd removed more than her clit piercing. Her five bracelets, her nipples piercings, earring, and her amethyst necklace were all hidden in the pockets of the light-green toga clinging to my petite body. The busty wife of Lord Gregorin tightened the leather straps. The ivory dildo thrust proudly from before her pussy. She stared at me with hunger in her red eyes, her black hair swayed about her face. She had the pale, blue-tinged skin of a Valyan beauty.

I loved the fact that she stared at me with such lust as she sauntered across the bedroom. The music from the party her husband threw echoed through the palace. I loved infiltrating the party of the rich, seducing the bored wives of the merchant-lords of Raratha, and stealing their baubles. I would fuck Alloria so hard, leave her in a coma of lesbian bliss, and slip out.

Come morning, she wouldn't realize what had happened to her jewels. She had so many of them. She wouldn't miss a few. They never did.

And if she did, would she suspect the nubile and innocent delight she took to her bed or one of the many servants of her house?

Oh, poppy, I'm going to fuck you hard, purred the noblewoman. I loved her calling me that. It made me feel so wicked.

Oh? I asked. Are you? I squirmed on her bed, my eyes falling on her ivory dildo. With that big toy.

Mmm, don't be scared, I'll make sure you're nice and ready for it. She had this wicked gleam in her eyes. But you're naughty, little cunt will cum so hard on it, poppy.

I smiled, knowing I would. This was the best way to be a thief. Burglarizing the rich was riskier, forced me to be up until the early hours before dawn, and didn't let me cum and cum and cum. Seducing them was the way to do it.

I was so glad I hit on this racket. My mother would be proud of me.

Alloria slipped onto the bed, her large breasts swaying. Her ivory dildo swayed before her. She grabbed my toga, the cloth wrapped around my body, and pulled. I shuddered as she began peeling it away. I sat up to let her slide the fabric over my shoulder.

She claimed my lips.

The noblewoman thrust her tongue into my mouth. I moaned as she kissed me hard. Her tongue danced around my own. I shuddered and moaned. I threw my arms around her neck. I held her tight. My tongue danced with hers as she kept unwrapping me. My nipples rubbed against my nubs. Pleasure surged down to my cunt.

I squirmed as she pulled off my garment, not realizing her jewelry was hidden inside. She dropped the long bolt of cloth on the floor. I shuddered as she pressed me down on my back, now naked. Her hands slid down from my shoulders to cup my small breasts.

I loved the way my skin tingled from her touch. I drank in the feel of her. The rhythmic beat of my heart increased, my nervous system coming alive. I groaned and squirmed. Her eyes cupped my breasts, her fingers digging into my firm, small titties.

I love the gleam to your skin, she purred. It was obvious that mine had an unusual sheen to it that hers lacked. It wasn't just the difference in our tones, mine a pale beige with not a hint of her Valyan blue. You have to tell me your secret.

Mmm, you haven't earned it, I said. Yet.

She groaned and then she ducked her head down and sucked on my nipple. Her heavy breasts rubbed into my belly as her nipples massaged me. Her nubs felt amazing on me. Her lips latched onto mine. Pleasure burst inside of me.

I moaned in delight as her tongue darted around my areola. She teased my dark-red nipple. My face scrunched in bliss. My pussy grew hotter and hotter. I squirmed my thighs together as she worshiped me.

My tongue flicked over my lips. Alloria! Ooh, yes, that's helping to pry out my secrets.

She purred around my nipple between suckles. The vibration throbbed my nub. Pleasure danced down to my cunt. My toes curled. My pussy grew hotter and hotter beneath her touch. She sealed her nipple around my nub and nursed hard.

My cunt squeezed hard.

Saphique's sweet cunt! I moaned. Oh, Lady Alloria. Mmm, you suck with such skill. Is that how you won your husband?

She popped her mouth off my nub and shot me a hot look. Oh, you wicked Poppy. Saying such wanton things about me. It was more than my mouth that won him. I had to use every bit of my body to land him.

He fucked that ass hard, huh? I asked, grinning.

Ooh, I'll show you getting fucked hard, she said and ducked down, latching onto my other nipple.

Lady Alloria! I squealed.

I loved the feel of her mouth on my hot nipple. She sucked hard on my nub. Her tongue danced around that sensitive nipple. She caressed me. My areola drank in the stroking feel of her. I squirmed, rubbing my belly into her soft breasts.

She suckled hard. Her lips engulfed most of my areola. My entire breast quivered. Then her mouth popped off my nipple with a wet plop. My tit jiggled. Saliva coated my nub and areola. I loved it. My pussy burned hotter, eager to get fucked by the woman's dildo.

Mmm, my little poppy, I'm going to fuck you so hard. She bit her lower lip. I'm going to pound you until you cum.

Promises, I said in a teasing fashion.

She smiled and then slid her body down mine. Her breasts dragged across my stomach. Her nipples rubbed into my belly. I loved the feel of it. Her mouth kissed down my flesh. She nibbled on me. She did such wicked things to me.

Her breasts slid over my hairless pussy. Her mouth kissed down my stomach to my bellybutton. It was important to have one. I gasped as she thrust her tongue into my naval. My nerves drank it in. My heart's rhythm increased faster. I felt my circulation increase, the pressure pumping heat through my veins.

She kissed my bellybutton. Sucked at it. Naughty delights rippled through my nervous system. I squirmed. My small breasts quivered. I grabbed my wet nipples and squeezed them. I loved how sensitive they were. How responsive my body was.

Mmm, your skin tastes wonderful, she moaned. There's a hint of lavender to it. Your lotion?

Uh-huh, I moaned. It transforms my skin.

Alloria smiled. I'm going to pry your secrets out of you.

They're worth a lot, I moaned. It might take a few times to coax them out of me.

Are you saying you want to slip into my bed behind my poor husband's back? she asked, a mocking tone in her voice.

Don't you want me to do that? I asked, this exhilaration rushing through me. To rob from her again would be delicious. Not right away. A few months from now, a happenstance encounter at another of her husband's parties.

You are a wicked and wanton little poppy, she moaned and grabbed my legs. She shoved them farther apart. Mmm, I'm going to devour your cunt and make you explode so you'll be begging to slip into my bed and tell me all your naughty, dirty secrets.

I winked at her, my fingers pinching my dark-red nipples.

She kissed down my hairless pubic mound, coming closer and closer to my pussy. My hips wiggled from side to side. The pleasure built and built in me. This amazing heat swelled in the depths of my snatch. I would cum so hard on her. She would drown my mind with her passion.

Her mouth nuzzled into my cunt. She fluttered her tongue through my folds. I groaned as she swiped up and down my petals. She teased me, sending pleasure rushing through my nervous system. I loved it. My body was so sensitive.

Such a work of art.

My thighs tightened around Lady Alloria's head. Her black hair spilled over the sheen of my pale thighs. Her tongue brushed my clit at the end of her every stroke. Little sparks of delight burst inside my cunt. My juices flowed.

Mmm, you're salty, she said. I'm surprised. You have a different tasting pussy.

I told you I had secrets, I purred. And I know you like it.

I do, she groaned. She licked up my cunt. Mmm, you do have a yummy cunt, poppy.

I gasped as she sucked on my labia. Her lips nibbled on it. My thighs gripped her smooth cheeks. I held her tight as I squirmed on the bed. My fingers pinched my nipples. I squeezed them. Twisted them. The pleasure flowed through me.

Her mouth felt amazing on my twat. She sucked hard on me. She lapped up my juices. Her nose rubbed into the top folds right above my clit. She nibbled around my pussy lips before her tongue thrust into my cunt's depths.

She soaked in my salty juices. She fluttered her tongue up and down and around inside of me. She teased my walls. I loved it. My nerves conducted the pleasure right into my mind. I groaned at the delight. My fingers twisted my nipples.

You eat pussy this well, and you'll pry my secrets out of me. I'll shower you with them. Mmm, make me cum hard.

I want to drown in your passion, poppy, she moaned and buried her tongue back into my cunt.

Saphique's yummy cunt, you keep doing that, and it'll happen!

I glanced at the statue of the Goddess. Devotees of the lesbian Goddess were so easy for me to seduce and rob. It almost made me want to abandon my patronage of Cernere, Goddess of Crime and Thieves, in favor of Saphique.

Oh, Saphique, I love your worshipers! I moaned. Ooh, yes, yes, they make my cunt feel amazing.

Lady Alloria purred in delight. She slid her hands beneath my rump. She gripped my ass, holding tight. She fluttered her tongue with more and more passion. She was teasing me. Driving me wild. My cunt came closer and closer to exploding. The pleasure surged through my body. 

I humped my cunt against her mouth as I hurtled towards my orgasm. I tossed my head, my red hair rustling across the sheets. The pleasure burned inside of me. I felt amazing. My cunt melted. Every moment, more and more of my juices flowed into her hungry mouth.

Her tongue flicked up to my clit.

Lady Alloria! I gasped.

She sucked hard on my sensitive bud. She nursed it with such hunger. Her red eyes stared up my body. She feasted on me, suckling with all the passion of a vampires on her meal. I loved it. My cunt clenched deep inside of me.

Sweet Saphique and your yummy cunt! I howled as I came.

My body bucked as my pussy juices gushed out of me. The pleasure flowed through my body. Waves of bliss that swept through my nervous system to my mind. My thoughts were scrambled for a moment. My rhythmic heart pounded through me, pumping bliss through my circulation system. I gasped and moaned.

Lady Alloria!

Her tongue danced over my pussy. She lapped up the salty delight gushing out of me. I whimpered, the pleasure overwhelming my mind. Stars burst across my vision, the interference caused by my ecstasy.

Her tongue teased me. Stirred me up. She brought me to the height of rapture. I gasped and moaned. My thighs squeezed about her face. I groaned as her tongue licked up my slit and brushed my clit.

Oh, Gods, yes! I moaned, more bliss bursting through me.

She rose up, her face and lips coated in my juices. My cream adorned her chin and ran down her throat. Her red eyes blazed with heat, coals wanting to burn me with her passion. Her large breasts swayed, her ivory dildo bobbing.

Oh, poppy, you need it now, don't you? she asked, her hands grabbing my knees.

Yes! I panted. Fuck me!

I didn't fight her as she flipped me over onto my hands and knees. My red hair fell about my face, a curtain. My butt-cheeks clenched. My fingers dug into the silk sheets of her bed. The married noblewoman's hands slid up to my ass. She grabbed me.

Was she going to fuck my asshole? 

I wouldn't object. I loved taking dildos and cockespecially one certain cockin any of my holes. I wiggled my hips back and forth. My pussy dripped with cream. Her fingers dug into my rump as she shifted behind me.

The tip of her ivory dildo pressed into my thigh right beneath the swell of my ass. Her right hand released my ass. The fake cock shifted. It followed the curve of my rump and dipped between my thighs. She pressed it against my cunt.

I shuddered at the feel of the thick tip pushing against my snatch. My pussy lips parted around it as she pressed forward. I groaned as she entered my twat. Her toy slid deeper and deeper into my cunt. I gripped it, savoring the smooth feel of it invading my hot and juicy depths.

Oh, that's such a delicious sight to watch, poppy, moaned Lady Alloria. Mmm, you love it, don't you? My toy sliding into your cunt.

Oh, you know I do, I groaned, my hips wiggling from side to side. My fingers dug into the sheets, the pleasure surging through me. The shaft ventured deeper and deeper into me. I squeezed around her shaft. Saphique's wonderful toys!

Mmm, she is a delicious Goddess to teach women the joy so loving each other. Her hands dug into my butt-cheeks. Her fingernails bit my flesh. I loved it. She exposed my asshole as she bottomed out her dildo in me. Women have such delectable delights.

Yes, we do, I moaned. I wiggled my hips, stirring my cunt around that thick shaft. It filled me to the hilt. I loved every second of her being in me.

I was so lucky to have her toy in me. I would cum hard for her.

She drew back. I groaned at the feel of her dildo sliding through my flesh. My cunt drank it in and transmitted the delight throughout my body. This is amazing. My hair swayed around my face. My hips wiggled from side to side. The pleasure surged through my nervous system.

She slammed hard into my cunt. She buried that toy deep into me. Her flesh smacked into mine. My little titties jiggled. My hair swayed. A throaty moan burst from my lips. I loved it. Bliss fluttered through me.

My orgasm built.

Yeah, you like that, don't you, poppy? she moaned, her hips thrusting away hard and fast. She buried into me over and over. Mmm, you do. You love it.

I do! Gods, it's incredible. You're churning my pussy up. I'm going to explode on that dildo.

Perfect! she moaned and drilled that wonderful dildo into my depths.

My hips wiggled from side to side. I stirred that dildo around in my cunt as she fucked me. Her fingers gripped my rump, massaging me as she thrust into my cunt. She fucked me hard, pounding me, driving me towards that orgasm.

She parted my asscheeks as she pounded me. My sphincter stretched. Her thumb dove into my butt-crack. She caressed down to my asshole. I gasped as she massaged it. Her digits rubbed at my backdoor. I groaned, my pleasure surging through me.

What a cute, little asshole you have, Poppy, cooed the noblewoman. Mmm, just look at it. You like it up the ass, too, don't you? A little slut like you.

Oh, you know it! I moaned as her thumb pressed on my asshole, her dildo driving into my cunt.

Her thumb popped into my bowels. She thrust her thickest digit into me. The pleasure surged through the channels of my nervous system. My bowels drank in the bliss. It flowed down to my cunt stuffed by her dildo. She thrust that ivory shaft into me over and over.

My head swayed from side to side, the pleasure burning through my network of sensors. It was incredible. She hammered me hard. Fast. Her thumb slid deeper into my bowels. I groaned. My head tossed back. The pleasure swept through my body.

Oh, Gods, that's incredible! I moaned. Mmm, I'm going to cum on your dildo. Saphique, you're amazing! The Goddess has blessed you with passion!

Her purr of delight showed me how much bliss she took in my compliment. Oh, poppy, you deserve this. You deserve it all!

She ripped her dildo out of my cunt. She shifted it up, her thumb popping out of my backdoor. Her ivory dildo rammed into my asshole. My anal ring swallowed that hard shaft. It was incredible. She buried to the hilt in my bowels, the slick shaft lubed by my cream.

I squeezed around her. My asshole drank in the heat. My anal sheath gripped her shaft. I loved it. She drew back and slammed into me. I rocked forward from the force of her thrust. Velvety friction heated my cunt.

Yeah, you love that, poppy, she moaned, pumping away at me. You're going to explode on my dildo, aren't you?

So hard! I moaned, my orgasm building and building. You're going to cum from fucking me, aren't you?

You know it! she moaned. Oh, I'm going to explode. This toy has a little spell on it. It sets my clit on fire. Every thrust into you is heaven!

Oh, naughty! I moaned, clenching my bowels around the dick. The friction burned through my sensors. This pleasure surged down to my pussy. My cream dribbled down my thighs. The aroma of my salty passion filled my nose. Fuck me with your magical dildo. Pound me hard! Let's both cum! I'm so close! Gods, I love it!

Saphique's sweet cunt! she moaned as she pounded me.

Her crotch smacked into my rump. Her dildo drove deep into my bowels. That wonderful heat built and built in my twat. My nervous system absorbed the velvety fire burning in my bowels. I gripped the sheets and groaned, my voice throaty.

She slammed deep into me.

I gasped and threw my head back.

My asshole convulsed around her dildo as the pleasure burst through my body. Pussy cream gushed down my highs. The fire blazed through my body. Ecstatic flames burned through my nervous system to reach my mind.

Sweet Saphique! I howled, my asshole spasming around her dildo thrusting into my anal depths.

Mmm, Poppy, you're cumming! she moaned. I can feel it! Oh, this toy is amazing! Yes, yes!

She slammed the dildo deep into my asshole. She moaned. I could tell she was joining me in this pleasure. This wonderful, beautiful, amazing bliss swept through my body. My hair danced around my face. It was incredible.

I loved every moment of it.

My orgasm burned through me. It consumed the gears of my mind. She groaned. Her trembles stirred the dildo through my bowels. I loved every moment of it. This was wonderful. Her hands gripped my side. She groaned through her bliss.

Oh, sweet Saphique, I hope you're not done with me, I moaned. I wanted to tire her out. I needed to make her pass out so I could slip out.

And I would have so much fun doing it.

Oh, Poppy, I'm not even close, she purred. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica  The Temple of Lily's Blossom

I scrambled back into my bedroom. Another arrow slammed into the outside wall. I could hear it bouncing off the stone. I threw myself on my bed, clutching my pregnant belly. I had a demigod in my belly. Pater's divine child. This couldn't be happening.

This was his temple. The holiest site in the Kingdom of Secare. In maybe the whole world. How could those foul goblins from the mountains looming behind the temple have the temerity to attack us? It wasn't fair.

I struggled to think. I could hear shouts and screams. The ring of metal striking metal. And above it all, the shouts of the goblins rising above all. They sounded gleeful. Cackling. They were enjoying the killing.

Pater, Father of All, watch over me, I prayed. I carried his child. I was a leywife, about to marry one of his high priests. My husband-to-be was honored to wed a woman pregnant with his god's child. He would add me to his harem and increase his prestige.

I would worship my god through my new husband. My wedding was soon. This couldn't be happening.

The door to my bedroom opened. I squeaked in fear and flinched, fearing it was a raving goblin. A warty, green monstrosity. Short with spindly arms wearing rusting armor and wielding a wicked sword, curved and deadly. 

It wasn't a goblin. It was my betrothed.

Bishop Tomas Sanderian, the head of this temple, stood in the doorway. He wore his vestments, white robes draped in a stole of rainbow colors that fell about his broad frame. He had a pale face gleaming with sweat. His short, brown hair looked mused.

Pater's blessing, you're safe, he groaned. A look of relief on him. The goblins are all over the temple. I have to get you to safety.

Your other wives? I asked, picturing the four other women. They were leywives, too, but not like me. I was a Leywife of Pater. 

I don't know, he said. I have to protect you. You're sacred, Monica. What you carry... You have our God's blessing growing in your womb. He drew in a deep breath. I'm going to ward this room and make a sanctuary.

I nodded, my emotions a wash of conflicting emotions. I wanted to be safe, but I didn't want anyone to be hurt. Regina was so sweet and while motherly Kassandra was such an earthy woman with all manner of suggestions on pleasure in the bedroom. Maryann's smile lifted my heart and Yennifer always had a ribald joke to make me giggle like a wanton barmaid.

Great Pater, Father of All, my husband said, lifting his arms up into the air, I call upon you to

A sword burst out of his chest.

I screamed at the bloody metal. It was curved and ended at a wicked point. My husband-to-be stared down at it in shock. He seemed to struggle to understand how it could be there. My heart clenched in fear as the blade ripped free. He stumbled forward, clutching at his chest. Scarlet spilled down his vestments. 

His knees buckled.

I don't... He looked behind him. You shouldn't be here.

The goblin's sword slashed out and sliced through Tomas's neck. I screamed at the bright spray. I pushed back on the bed as the goblin laughed. He wrenched his sword free and marched past Tomas's flopping body.

The monstrous creature, standing no taller than a boy, cackled. His waxy skin held the color of rotten leaves and mulch, a diseased green. Warts and bumps covered him. His ears were long and knobbly. His armor jangled around his spindly body, a rusting breastplate and greaves strapped to his legs.

He had no leather codpiece covering his cock. It thrust green and thick from him. Hard. Excited.

His eyes stared at me with hunger.

There you are, he said in a high-pitched voice. It almost hurt my ears. He cackled again, his yellowing teeth appearing. Told not to kill you.

Please, I sobbed, trembling at the edge of the bed. I covered my breasts with my arms. I held my thighs tight.

Didn't say anything about not enjoying you. He cackled again. Lucky you, Cragz found you first. You'll like Cragz cock.

Pater, I whimpered. I had to find a way to escape. Pater, please, send aid to your leywife and defend her!

The goblin cackled as he mounted the bed. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce Cartith

Blind galloped down the grass slope leading to the Temple of Lily's Blossom. The goblins already had it surrounded, feathering those who sought to escape out the front doors. I focused on the filthy brutes, leaning low over my destroyer. Blind's hooves drummed across the ground. I gripped my sword in my gauntlet-clad fist.

The goblins were focused on their slaughter. They weren't paying attention to their rear. Battle blindness had fallen around them. They had all their awareness on their target, their minds focused too much to realize death charged at them.

My warhorse slammed into the first one and trampled the squealing goblin beneath iron-shod hooves.

My sword slashed at the next. The momentum of my charge and the blessing of Lagu, Goddess of Law, swept my blade through its scrawny neck with the same ease of splitting firewood. The guilty punished for violation of the law. I killed a third. A fourth. I slashed and hacked at them, my warhorse neighing as he trampled.

I yanked the reins to the right and slammed into the next. They were noticing me now. They howled and gibbered. An arrow glanced off the steel pauldron protecting my left shoulder. I snarled, hating these disgusting beasts.

Servants of chaos. Of disorder. They were all guilty of crimes. They surged out of the mountains on their raids. I dispensed punishment for their violation of the law.

I hacked down another. The exhilaration of battle soared through me. I gripped the reins tight in my left hand and yanked hard on them, wheeling my warhorse around to make my next charge. More arrows hissed through the air. One struck the barding protecting Blind.

I killed them all. Their foul blood spurted. I reveled in slaughtering the disgusting goblins. The two that fled, I ran down. In moments, they were crushed beneath my warhorse's feet before I turned my mount around to face the temple.

More infested the temple. I had to move fast before Monica was despoiled. She was important.

She carried a god's child.

I dismounted Blind at the entrance. The black-furred warhorse pawed at the ground. He had a wild look in his eyes. He would kick and bite any of the foul goblins who sought to molest him. I marched forward in my platemail, my kite shield strapped to my left hand.

I was Lagu's paladin. The Goddess's power animated my veins as I stepped over the goblin's victims. Their deaths cut me. Each one was a crime. I would deliver what justice I could in the pursuit of avenging a greater travesty.

Shouts and laughter echoed through the temple. The tang of soot stung my nose. Greasy smoke curled across the ceiling. A goblin burst out of an antechamber clutching fine muslin in its warty hands. The squealing monster ran right into death at the end of my sword.

Where would Monica be? I had to find her. 

The goblins were sent here to snatch her, but they wouldn't be delicate. They wouldn't hold back their vile lusts. The males of their species had too much passion in them. Sex was almost all they thought of while their females despised it. To satiate their passion, the males would charge out of their caves and mountain hovels to rape and despoil any women they could find.

Of all the dual-sex races, like humans or dwarves or halflings, goblins were the most loathsome. The most monstrous.

I killed them all as I moved through the temple. I found dead everywhere. Priests fallen to defend their wives. I saved those I could, killing goblins lost to the frenzy of passion. The sobbing women had a chance to escape and rebuild their lives.

I could do nothing else. I was a sword of retribution. Not a champion. A great crime had been committed, and I had to punish the lawbreaker. I needed Monica alive for that task. The child inside of her was too important to lose.

I roared my fury and cut another goblin in half, leaving his body to spill down the stairs. I advanced up it, my full plate armor clattering with my every step. I gained the second floor and swept around the corner.

Verdik, I snarled as I found the chieftain stalking down a corridor, his cock gleaming wet. 

He froze at the sight of me. He was bigger than the other goblins. He stood a head taller, his body muscled instead of scrawny. Veins stood out on his skin. Shamanistic magic had imbued him with spirits of the earth, using totemic charms tattooed onto his dark-green flesh to make him larger.

You, snarled the goblin. His eyes narrowed. He spat to the side as he stared at my sword dripping in the blood of his clan. He smiled, his yellowing teeth nobly and dripping in his foul saliva. That's how it is, huh?

Justice comes for all of us, I snarled and charged down the hallway.

He threw back his head in a wild, mocking laugh. He hefted the maul he carried one-handed. A large hammer with two thick, blunt heads of hammered steel set in a haft of hardwood. It looked crude but heavy.

He held it up before him and laughed. I was ready for you! I knew you would come, knight! I shall break your bones and leave you howling on the ground while I take the woman! I'll fuck her right before you. I'll pump her full of my seed and let you watch it drip out of her.

I swung.

He dodged backward, my hard swipe slamming into the stone floor. Sparks flared. I recovered, flicking my long sword upward, cutting at his belly. He battered it to the side with the head of his maul. The blow shivered up my hand. Powerful. He had the strength of two men. 

I attacked, hacking before me. He grinned as he retreated. Without armor, he moved with nimble speed. His cackling echoed down the hallway. I swung at his head, a cutting stroke. He dodged to his left, moving around my shield. 

I pivoted to follow him, slowed by my armor.

With a roar, he raised his maul and slammed it down at me. I lifted my kite shield to block it. The blow landed square in the center of the wooden shield banded in metal. A loud crack resounded. His hammer splintered the shield. The force drove into my armor. Metal crumpled. 

My ulna snapped.

Pain exploded up my broken arm. I cursed as I stumbled back.

See, knight! he bellowed. I learn how to crush your armor! You won't kill Verdik! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica

The goblin Cragz crawled across the bed towards me, leaving his bloody sword behind. His warty nose quivered before him. I screamed and grabbed the first thing I could. A pillow. 

I threw it in his face.

He cackled as he battered it aside and kept on crawling.

Pater! I shrieked, the fear hammering through me. I had to get away. I crawled backward from him, his hand reaching for my ankle.

My hand hit the edge of the bed. I squeaked as it slipped off. I fell backward and landed on the wool carpet. I groaned. The goblin's head thrust over the bed, grinning down at me with such hunger in his yellow eyes.

Mmm, you are a feisty thing, he growled. Gonna squirm good on Cragz cock, ain't you?

I kicked him in the face as I scrambled back. He only laughed harder. I managed to gain my feet somehow. I turned and ran for the balcony. I burst out onto it and grabbed the railing. It was such a long drop to the back lawn. I spotted a few women fleeing along the lake. If I could get to them...

I threw my left leg over the railing and shifted my weight. I would risk breaking a leg to esca

The goblin seized my hair and yanked me back hard. I screamed and landed on the stone floor. A chill ran through me as the goblin stood over me, his cock hard and rampant. I squeezed my thighs shut as he leered at me.

Lotta fight means lotta wiggling. Cragz likes 'em when they wiggle.

No! I shrieked, Revulsion rippled through me. I had to get away from this thing. I tried to crawl backward, but he grabbed my ankles. He ripped my legs apart. I felt open. Vulnerable. This couldn't be happening. Sex was a joyous thing. Something to be shared and given.

Not taken by force.

I tossed my gaze, searching for something to strike him. He crawled between my thighs. That thick cock coming closer and closer to violating me. My legs kicked, but his spindly fingers gripped my knees. I was helpless.

Pater! I moaned, tears spilling down my cheeks.

Beside my head lay an arrow. Its rusted tip was partly bent from hitting the stone wall. The shaft was made of black wood, the feather fletching ratty. I seized it without thought and screamed as I thrust it at the goblin's cock.

I struck the tip of his dick. The arrowhead cut deep. Blood spurted across my thighs. The goblin threw back his head and snarled in pain. A vicious, primal satisfaction surged through me as I kicked my legs free of his strong grip.

Fucking cunty bitch! he spat as I crawled back. I scrambled to stand as he rose and ripped the arrow from his cock. He stared down at his ruined dick before staring murder at me.

He threw the arrow at me. It spun through the air. The shaft struck me across the head. I gasped, fuzzing pain rippling through my brain. I stumbled, my body uncoordinated for a moment. Something wet trickled down to my eyebrow.

I'll gut you for that, slut! he howled. Cragz will choke you with your own bloody entrails!

He backhanded me. I reeled and hit the ground hard. My jaw throbbed. I blinked away the dazed stars. He grabbed one of my braids of dark-brown hair and dragged me. I thrashed and kicked as he hauled me back into the bedroom.

Towards the bed and his awaiting sword.

Oh, you Gods-damned cunty bitch! he snarled. Illth's putrid girl-cock, I'll make you suffer for that! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce Cartith

Verdik laughed as I stumbled to the side. The kite shield fell from my arm. The vambrace I wore had crumpled about my forearm, crushing it. The broken ends of my ulna dug into my flesh. Blood filled the armor and dripped out of the joints.

Your armor won't save you from being crushed like a beetle! bellowed Verdik. You see, knight! I knew you would come!

Lagu, Goddess of Law, make unto me an avatar of Justice, I growled. Let me enact punishment on the guilty.

Praying? sneered the goblin chieftain. He grabbed his cock and shook it at me. Why don't you pray to this? Maybe I won't leave you broken then!

The pain in my shield arm vanished. It was still broken. The bones still tearing apart my skin, but I couldn't feel it. Feel anything. Nothing would stop me from punishing the guilty. 

Just fall to your knees and

I thrust my sword at his mouth, ignoring the pain.

His boasting cut off as he threw himself back from my thrust. He rolled across the ground and came up in a snarling crouch. He grinned as he rose, the ropy muscles bulging beneath his skin. He gripped his maul in two hands now.

He rushed at me and swung with brutal strength. I swept out my broken arm, jagged bones shifting, and struck the side of his weapon. I deflected it before it crushed me. My radius snapped, too. I could feel it break even as it caused me no pain.

My sword swung at the same time. I stepped into his guard as he stumbled, off-balanced from putting too much force into his attack. His eyes widened moments before I slammed my sword into his thick neck.

A hard swipe cutting through flesh and muscle, hewing through spine and nerves. The shock on his face remained etched as his head toppled from his body. He collapsed a moment later at my feet, his sightless eyes staring up at me.

I glanced down at the goblin chieftain. There was a faint look of accusation in those eyes. 

I kicked his head away and marched on.

The spell from Lagu invigorated me. The snapped bones in my arms would have to be dealt with soon, but until the blessing wore off, I focused on my mission. On Monica. If she died, this wouldn't matter. The criminal would escape justice.

Where was she?

She had to be on this floor. She was to be Bishop Sanderian's fifth wife. Her status would have elevated him to the head of the entire church of Pater when he married. He'd pushed aside the priest she originally intended to marry so he could claim her and use her for his ambition.

She would have a room of importance. I couldn't be too late. I wouldn't let that bastard win! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica

Cragz threw me onto the bed. I sobbed as he snatched up the sword covered in Tomas's blood. The goblin raised it up over him. He stared down at me with pain and rage blazing in his beady eyes. His nose quivered.

A shadow fell on us.

The goblin looked up and said, What you doin' here?

I screamed as something slashed over me. Cragz head rolled off his shoulders and landed beside me. His body fell to the side. I gasped in shocked then rolled over to see a knight standing over my bed. He wore shining steel plate. The vambrace on his left arm looked crushed. Blood dripped over his gauntlet and poured off his fingers.

Monica? he asked. 

She nodded her head, her emotions whip-lashing from fear to desperate hope. He saved her. She threw herself at the knight. She pressed her naked body into his blood splattered armor and sobbed into his breastplate.

You're safe, he whispered, his voice sounding hollow through his closed visor. He set his sword on the bed then his right arm hugged her. In his steel embrace, she surrendered to the welter of emotions.

She sobbed into the knight's embrace. His words were distant but soothing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina  Raratha

Finally, Lady Alloria collapsed into exhaustion. I wasn't too far from it as I rolled off her bed. The candles burning in her room were almost down to nubs, the lights flickering out. I grabbed my toga and wrapped myself up in it.

The best part of this sort of thieving, I could leave through the front door like any other guest. It was late, the last of the revelers either stumbling out to find other pleasures, or slept off their drunk in the grand hall. The sirens who had serenaded them were long gone, no doubt entertaining their admirers with their bodies.

The air felt cool and refreshing. The salty wind off the Nimborgoth rustled around my body. I breathed in the scent of the sea. I sauntered to my waiting palanquin. No self-respecting lady who attended Lord Gregorin's party would deem to walk home. 

As I slipped into my palanquin, my porters looking tired and surly, I noticed a shadow moving in a grove of olive trees. I smiled at Barg, my partner. I could feel him watching me the way he always did. It was a comforting presence.

I slipped into my palanquin and dozed as the two men carried me away with the delights of Lady Alloria hidden across my body. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  Esh-Esh, The Magery of Thosi

I had this dream many times.

I was a boy in it, just starting my studies at the Collegiate in Esh-Esh, beginning my training to become a mage. My mind was numb from studying the formula of magic, trying to understand the esoteric knowledge that was required to unlock the ability to manipulate the five elements of the world.

The man who appeared in it was old. The one servant, his mother, employed to help with chores around their small house in Secare. It was a modest place in the countryside outside a quaint village. She loved it, tending to her rose gardens often with dreamy looks in her eyes.

I never knew my father. Mother always whispered he was an important man. Too busy to visit us, but that he watched us and provided for us. She'd always play with an amulet when she talked of my father. It was an amulet to Pater, a rainbow pendant made of zircons, each one a different shade. Red, blue, purple, orange, yellow, green.

She was a devotee of Pater.

When Old Thomas had appeared with her pendant, I'd known what it meant. My mother had died. While I was studying magic in the Magery of Thosi, she had been alone. I hadn't been there to protect her.

She wanted you to have this, Old Thomas said every time I had this dream, his gnarled hands pressing the pendant into my hands. Always did, your mother said. She told me time and time again.

How? he croaked, his voice broken. He knew how, but he was trapped in the cycle. Reliving it again and again.

Bandits, he said. They broke in and... Pain clouded the old man's face. I was in the village, you know, taking my ease. No bandits have been near Upper Galat in decades. No cause to think she wasn't safe.

...Stefan... a voice whispered on my dream of the past. ...wake up, Stefan...

I wouldn't have abandoned her, sobbed Old Thomas as he knelt before me. He was showing more emotion than me. I was too stunned. 

Mother's dead?

She was so beautiful. Always smiling, her brown hair falling about her face, her green eyes bright with joy. I had her eyes. She had just written me a letter. It had arrived two days ago. She was excited about the roses she'd cultivated. A new hue. Blue as the sky. I was eager to see them when my break came in the summer.

...Stefan, you must awaken...

...Let the pain of the past fade...

...The future concerns you, Stefan...

The voice intruded on the dream. It wasn't supposed to go this way. Everything felt tenuous. The amulet in my hand became ephemeral. I felt my bed beneath me. I groaned as my eyes fluttered open to my cell in the Collegiate Tower of Esh-Esh.

Stefan, a woman said. She stood over my bed, a glow emanating from the gold halo hovering over her head. It spilled light down her naked body, her breasts round and perky, her stomach smooth. A chastity belt of pure silver clad her nethers like panties. Fiery hair spilled about a beatific face, youthful and yet ancient.

Immortal.

What? I groaned as I stared at the angel standing in my room. What are you doing here?

The man who killed your mother seeks to kill Pater, the angel said. Your father needs your help, Stefan Halian.

To be continued...
