The archmage  sat contemplatively in his tower watching the long
winding road that approached from the city below. All his preparations
had long since been completed and now he waited only for the arrival of
the princess.  Minutes later, but hours behind schedule, his watchful
eyes glimpsed the telltale wavering of color that could only be the
princess's party on the road.  

The princess, surrounded by guards and
handmaidens, arrived at the archmage's tower bound in silk and gold,
as only the richest kingdoms could afford. Dressed in
 the wealth of nations, but bound by that same wealth  she was presented
 to the archmage.   A debt of blood was owed and the debt was to be
 repaid in blood.

Quick to be done with such a dirty dead the guards galloped away at
once, but the twelve handmaidens, sworn in  life and death to the
princess, stayed.  Grasping the gold chain around the princess's neck
the archmage lead the thirteen women up the spire. 

Awaiting them at the top of the tower was a vast circular room with a
huge stone table in the center.  It was to that table, already covered
in arcane ruins, that the archmage lead the dark haired princess.
Pushing her down on the table the archmage binds her spread eagle inside
a pentagram clearly designed for that purpose.

The focus of his conjuring fixed the archmage turned to the handmaidens.
One by one he binds the virginal maidens to the twelve manacles evenly
spaced around the room.  Then reaching inside his voluminous robes
the archmage withdraws a ceremonial dagger and begins to cut away the
nearest handmaiden's clothes.

After exposing the young maiden the archmage begins to chant in a low
monotone voice.  Words of power spill from his lips as he draws mystic
symbols on the flesh of this naked women.  Circles and geometric designs
are carefully drawn around her face then breasts and finally her sex.
The chanting continues, echoing  ominously off the walls, until her
entire body is covered with symbols the color of fresh blood.

Moving on quickly, but with great care, the archmage moves to repeat
the process on the next women.  Systematically controlling the lust he
feels for these helpless women with thoughts of unholy power.

Finishing the last of the handmaidens the archmage extinguishes the
torches in the room leaving only five firepots burning at the vertexes
of the pentagram.  The flickering light illuminates the naked maidens
around the room as well as the archmage as he sheds his own robes.
He approaches the princess in the middle of the room naked with a knife
in one hand and paint in the other.

Kneeling on the table he begins to cut away the princess's rich clothing.
Her silk top melts away from his knife like butter revealing her perfect
breasts heaving with her nervous breaths.  Relentlessly the sorcerer
continues cutting away the rest of her dress.  Kneeling astride the
beautiful princess, his penis long since grown hard, the archmage once
again begins chanting and anointing this woman in unholy symbols. Finishing
up his arcane drawings the archmage kneels between the princess's spread
legs.  The volume and speed of his chanting rise as the sorcerer calls
on dark forces to come to his aid.

His voice has risen to nearly a scream as dark words of power resonate
within the chamber.  The firepots flicker as a dark presence seems fill the room.
The air seems to quiver in anticipation and the archmage's voice seems
to rise to new heights.  Unable to understand the words the women in the
room still try to shrink back from them instinctually knowing that they
were never meant to be spoken by any human tongue.

Then, ending the build up, the archmage plunges his shaft into the
defenseless princess.  The princess writhes against her bonds as if her
soul as well as her body had been penetrated, but the sorcerer's craft is
sound and she is unable to escape.

The archmage continues fucking the princess in long steady strokes.
His face is a mask of concentration as he continues his mystical chant.
The words of magic in the room now sound like whispers in comparison
to the earlier shouts yet they still carry unimaginable power..

The handmaidens fear begins to mount not of death but of something worse
than death.  Despite their oaths to serve the princess in death they
begin to beg a plead for release but the sorcerer ignores 
them as he continues his steady fuck of the princess.

The volume of the chants rises as the speed of thrusts increases.
The firepots dim as the darkness itself seems to be awaiting the archmage's
release.  The princess herself begins screaming in a strange mixture of
pain fear and pleasure.  As the moment approaches the archmage reaches
down to pick up the ceremonial knife.  Terror wells in the princesses
eyes as she stares at the knife now raised above her bosom but she can
do nothing as the dark forces begin to congeal around her.  She feels
herself being helplessly pushed towards orgasm as the shouts and the
chanting combine for a terrible unholy din in the room.

Finally unable to hold it any longer the princess, knowing this will
be her last moment, gives in with a scream to her orgasm just as the
archmage releases his seed in her.  At the same time he brings the knife
down plunging it into her breast.  The knife penetrates the princess
heart with a sound like reality itself was ripping apart.  As the blood
splatters over the room what can only be described as a tear in space
forms over the princesses dying form.

Out of that hole a massive jet black demon is expelled before it closes
itself up.  Standing up inside the pentagram the blood soaked archmage
addresses the demon, "The covenants have been meet.  The sacrifices
are here.  You are bound to my will."

"So they are," the deep rumbling voice of the demon responds.  As the
demon moves to have his way with the handmaidens their screams fill
the night.



stories@invariant.org

(C) 2000 Permission given for non-commercial electronic redistribution.
