     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This is a work of fiction.  No reference to real persons is 
intended.  It contains strong, non-traditional sexual imagery 
and language.  If you don't like this kind of thing, don't read it.

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted. 
          
     Feedback is welcome.  Zebulon@fastmail.ca

     (MF, FF, Bond)

*   *   *   *   *   Start of Part 3   *   *   *   *   *

     Marcie wasn't exactly heartbroken, but she was quite
depressed about the turn of events.  Sheryl had been turning
into a good friend.  And now it looked like the indiscretion
of the previous night had ruined all that.  'At least she only
has another couple of days of having to avoid me,' she
thought moodily as she left the gangway and headed into
the town.  Then she heard Sheryl's voice call out behind her.

     Marcie hadn't yet gotten very far from the ship and when
she turned she saw that tall blond hurrying toward her with
a cheerful smile on her face.  "Hi!  Marcie!  Wait up!"  As
Sheryl walked up she reached out her hands and took
Marcie's.  "Listen," she started to say, "about last night . . ."

     "That's O.K.," Marcie interrupted, "I understand.  I
shouldn't have . . ."

     "No, you don't understand," Sheryl interrupted back. 
"I'm the one who shouldn't have.  I shouldn't have left."  
She became aware of the stream of passersby and pulled 
her friend into the relative anonymity of a nearby alley.  
"I shouldn't have left," she repeated with emphasis.  
"You were being so nice to me.  And it felt good . . . .  
Really . . ."  She seemed to hesitate as if unsure of her next 
words.  "I just haven't, . . . that is, I didn't know what I was 
supposed to do . . . I mean, I haven't had any experience . . ." 
she seemed terribly flustered.

     Marcie rescued her.  Looking up she noticed little tears
in the emerald eyes, and smiling said, "Hey, what the hell. 
Don't worry about it.  Let's just go have a good time and
what will be, will be.  O.K.?"

     Sheryl smiled with relief and nodded.  They walked out
of the alley and into Bridgetown arm in arm.

     What they didn't see was a nasty little man in a phone
booth who was jabbering rapidly and watching them intently
as they walked off.

     For the first hour everything went exactly as they might
have expected.  They checked out little shops, they strolled,
they enjoyed the sights.  And they were just starting to think
about lunch when a big native taxi driver with a gold tooth
drove up and asked them if they were off the cruise ship.

     "What if we are?" inquired Marcie.

     "You gettin tired of package tour?" he asked with what
they took to be a Reggae accent.  "You climb in, mon.  I
take you to fine private beach.  You go swimmin in clear
blue watta.  Really beautiful.  Have great time."

     "I'm sorry," said Sheryl, "but we don't have the time to
be driving around the island."

     "Sure you do," replied the driver.  "This small i-lan.  I
drive you to beach on far side.  Away from other tourist. 
Take ten minutes.  Twelve minutes tops, mon."  He grinned
at them.

     "I don't know," said Sheryl.  "We're starting to get
hungry.  We probably ought to eat lunch first."

     "You come," the driver pressed on.  "I take you to fine
little place near beach.  Great food.  Great view of ocean. 
Very cheap, mon.  And there is house of doctor nearby.  He
not here.  Live in New York.  You can use house to shower
if you leave it clean."

     "I still don't know," said Sheryl.  "We'd have to go back
to the boat to get our bathing suits."

     "You don't need bathin suit," the driver said with another
grin, "I tell you this private beach, mon."

     The girls chatted with each other in whispers for a
couple of moments.

     "How much," Marcie asked?

     "Cheap, mon," the driver replied.  "Ten dollars I take
you there.  And you want, you say when, I come back. 
Bring you to boat.  Ten dollars each way."

     That was just cheap enough to make it a bargain.  But
not so cheap as to make it suspicious.  The girls were
obviously tempted.

     "Aw, come on, mon," the driver said.  "Have an
adventure.  You don want get old and tell granchillen you
never done nothin."

     The two girls smiled at each other.  They climbed into
the taxi.  True to his word, the driver delivered them to a
beautiful little restaurant overlooking a cove of pure white
sand.  It was in fact, a very private beach and heavily
guarded, although the girls didn't see the guards.  The driver
pointed to a little house down the beach half hidden in the
trees.  All they could see was the roof.  "It not locked, mon. 
You just leave it clean, O.K.?"  The two girls promised they
would, paid him $10, and told him what time to return. 
They gave themselves four hours.

     "No problem, mon," the driver replied gaily as he sped
off.  The girls entered the restaurant.  They didn't seem to
notice or care that they were the only customers.  They also
didn't see the driver stop a mile down the road and receive
an envelope with a lot of cash from the nasty little man.

     Sheryl and Marcie had a delicious meal and a great view
of the ocean.  The small bay was completely clear of ships. 
And the meal was, in fact, extremely cheap.  Afterwards
they went down to the beach and walked to the little house. 
It was exactly as advertised and looked like something out
of a Hollywood movie.  It turned out to be small and simply
furnished but fully functional and terribly romantic.  They
finished checking out the house and then returned to the
front door and looked back in the direction of the
restaurant.  From the restaurant all you could see was the
roof of the house.  From the front door of the house, you
couldn't see the restaurant at all.  It was like they were the
only two people on the island.  They left their clothes in two
piles on the living room floor and raced each other down to
the beach.  They splashed, they swam, they played.  They
kissed.

     It was Sheryl who initiated the first kiss.  They had come
up together waist deep in the surf and were standing in the
warm clear water and grinning.  Sheryl just reached out and
took the smaller girl's face in her hands and then leaned over
and kissed her with all the passion and intensity she had
been dreaming about for years.  It was a long, sensuous,
luxurious kiss.  And when it was over, Marcie took a deep
breath and said, "You know, we didn't bring suntan lotion." 
Sheryl just smiled down at her and nodded.  The two of
them trotted back up to the little house.

     They found soap and towels and jumped into the shower
together.  They soaped each other up and rinsed each other
off.  They kissed a lot.  Sheryl leaned down and licked the
other girl's ears, taking a long time to lick and gently nibble
each one.  Marcie leaned forward and sucked on one of
Sheryl's beautiful breasts.  The nipples and areolas were
deep pink and the little bud grew stiff and engorged at her
mouthing.

     "You are so beautiful," Marcie sighed.  Then she sucked
on the other nipple, reaching one hand between the other
girl's legs and rubbing the tender flesh.  Sheryl trembled at
the touch.

     They left the shower and headed for the bedroom. 
Stopping only long enough to towel themselves dry, they
soon found themselves spread out on a great bed that
overlooked the little cove.

     Sheryl was lying on her side looking out the big picture
window.  Marcie was sitting behind her.  Both were
delighted with the magnificence of the view.  A lone yacht
started to make its way into the bay.  It seemed to add
charm and romance to the setting.

     Marcie put her hand out and gently pulled on Sheryl's
shoulder.  Sheryl rolled back, bringing her free arm up over
her head on the pillow.  Marcie leaned forward and gave her
a long slow delicious kiss.  They each took special delighted
in letting their mouths go slack and enjoyed the sensuous
pleasure of their tongues and lips pressing and sliding over
each other.  Marcie brought one hand up and rested it on
Sheryl's breast, gently tweaking the nipple and letting her
hand slide around the warm sensitive flesh.  Sheryl brought
her free hand down from the pillow and used it to hold the
back of Marcie's head, letting her fingers run through her
short hair and playing with the top of her ear.  After a long,
long while they pulled away.  They looked into each other's
eyes and smiled.

     Sheryl said, in a deep husky voice, "I just want you to
know how much this means. . ."

     "Hush," Marcie said, putting one finger across the
beautiful blond's lips.

     Sheryl kissed the finger and then pulled up her other
hand and moved the finger away.  "No, really," she said,
"I've often dreamed about making love, but I'd never hoped
to have a first experience with someone as wonderful as
you.  In someplace as romantic as this."

     A tear came to Marcie's eye.  She shifted position so that
she could lie full length, pressed up against her new lover's
body.  They kissed again.  Then Marcie rolled on top of the
blond and began kissing her way down the wonderfully
proportioned form.  She slid her mouth off of Sheryl's and
kissed her on the side of her neck.  Then she tilted her head
and kissed and gently sucked the warm flesh of Sheryl's
throat.  She moved her mouth downward and kissed and
licked the flesh between her breasts.  She took special care
to suck and gently chew each nipple using her free hand to
massage the breast she wasn't mouthing.  She felt Sheryl's
arms move down to her sides and felt the larger girl's soft
hands massaging her own breasts.  She was so wet she
could feel her pubic hair painting a little trail on Sheryl's leg
as continued to slide downward.  She slipped one hand
between the blond's legs and realized that Sheryl was just as
wet.

     Marcie moved down further and positioned her body
completely between Sheryl's legs.  Her breasts were rubbing
up against Sheryl's pubic thatch and her tongue was drawing
little circles in her belly button.  Sheryl still had one hand on
her shoulder but the other had gone back up to rest on the
pillow over her head.  Sheryl was moaning softly and
Marcie found her own cunt tightening in response to the
sound.

     Marcie moved down again.  Her mouth was right at the
topic of the pubic mound, her tongue playing with the little
golden hairs  She had brought one hand down underneath
them both and was gently starting to stroke the soft flesh
with one finger.  Sheryl was twitching and moaning more
loudly now.  Marcie's other arm was wrapped around
Sheryl's leg and her hand was reaching around to massage
the pubic mound.  She used her fingers to spread the upper
flesh of the pussy cleft wide, exposing the little bud within. 
She had never licked a woman before, but this somehow
seemed strangely familiar.  Marcie let her tongue dip in and
tickle the swollen nub.  It tasted wonderful.  She knew how
she liked to be rubbed and licked, so she knew exactly what
she wanted to do for her friend.

     Over the next fifteen minutes, Marcie continued to play
with Sheryl's pussy.  She gloried in the way she was able to
bring the tall blond to a high pitch of excitement and hold
her there.  She sucked on her clit while wiggling two fingers
around her cunt until she was right on the edge of an
orgasm.  Then she quickly backed off, using her fingers to
play with the rings of the vagina and anus to keep her highly
aroused.  She came back again, this time sticking her tongue
in the other girls twat while using her one had to stimulate
her clitoris and the other to stimulate her rectum.  Sheryl
twitched and moaned and writhed on the bed.

     And Marcie wasn't satisfied yet.  She brought Sheryl
close to another tremendous release and then suddenly
stopped, quickly moving up her body to suck again on her
nipples and lick on her throat.  Sheryl moaned in frustration
and passion.  And then just as quickly she thought it was
time to bring things to a grand climax.  She rolled the big
girl over onto her belly and pulled her hips up off the bed. 
Then she climbed down between the other girl's legs, lay
face up, and looked up into the beautiful blond's steaming
crotch.  Marcie loved masturbating to orgasm while lying on
her belly and though that Sheryl might, too.  She positioned
the tall blond's pelvis so she could slide up and once again
bury her face in the other girl's muff.  Then she began a
quick series of strokes and licks and sucks bringing Sheryl
to the most amazing climax she had ever even dreamed of.

     Sheryl's arms were on the pillow over her head, her
hands clenching and unclenching.  Her whole body was
spasming with the tremendous release.  Her face, flushed
and hot was crying her passion into the pillow.  And Marcie,
latched on to her pussy flesh was continuing to lick and
suck.  One hand reaching up and massaging a breast and the
other wrapped around a leg and massaging the anus and
cunt.  She drew the orgasm out for almost two full minutes. 
At the end of which time Sheryl was drained and exhausted.

     Marcie's lips were a little sore, but she thought it was
sure worth it.  Sheryl couldn't believe how lucky she was. 
The men standing in the doorway thought it was a fabulous
performance.

     And now that it was over they moved so quickly that
neither girl had a chance to put up any resistance.  They
came streaming through the door.  Four of them.  Two
immediately ran up to either side of the bed and pinned
Sheryl down.  One hand on each shoulder and one hand on
each ass cheek.  In the process they pinned Marcie's head
firmly against the bed.  Both girls started to panic and thrash
but it was over quickly.

     In her face down position, Sheryl could hardly move at
all.  And as Marcie finally got her hands free enough to try
to press her friend's body off of her face, she already found
herself in the clutches of the other two men who yanked her
out, flipped her over, and pressed her face down on the
floor.  Both girls started to screech, but it did no good.  It
was, in fact, a very private beach.

     The nasty little man entered the room.  He was wearing
a nasty little grin.  He was holding a walkie-talkie.  After
making a quick check of the room said something quietly
into it.  Then he turned his full attention to the girls.  Sheryl
was blubbering into the pillow.  Marcie was still screaming
for help.  "Please, shut up," he said in a nasty little voice. 
"You're giving me a headache."  Marcie kept screaming. 
The man motioned to the thugs who were holding Marcie
down.  "OK, Ratte."  They rolled her on her side and the
nasty little man kicked her in the solar plexus, knocking the
wind completely out of her.  While she was gasping for air
with her mouth hanging open, Ratte took out a gag and
rammed it home.  He secured it in place by tying the straps
around her head.

     Ratte nodded and said, "O.K., let's get them ready."  He
walked over to Sheryl first.  The two men who were holding
her let go of her shoulders and each grabbed a wrist.  They
pulled the wrists down behind her back and Ratte tied them
together.  Sheryl put up absolutely no resistance. 
Experimentally, he had the two others release her
completely.  She just lay there.  He took her ankles, crossed
them, and tied them together.  He pulled her legs back and
affixed wrists to ankles in a classic hogtie.  He rolled the tall
blond onto her side.  She stared at him blankly.

     Ratte held out his hand toward one of the men.  The man
put another gag into it.  He touched Sheryl's chin and said,
"Open."  She did and let him press the gag in place and
fasten it without protest.  The two men lifted her bound
body off the bed and set her on the floor.  The other two
then dropped Marcie down where Sheryl had just been
lying.  Marcie, was still very short on air.  She squirmed and
struggled feebly but without effect.  Within a half minute
she was bound just like her friend.

     "Now what?" asked one of the men.

     "Now we wait," the nasty little man replied.

     From where they had laid her on the floor Sheryl could
watch the bay out the sliding glass door.  She saw the lone
yacht, she saw a small boat which was halfway from the
yacht to the shore.  It seemed to be making its way directly
toward them.

     Sheryl heard little noises behind her.  She heard the men
shifting quietly around.  She heard the sounds of cigarettes
being lit.  No one was talking.  She heard the useless
struggles and muffled protests being made by Marcie.  She
felt the thick rug pressing into her body.

     Eventually the small boat reached the shore and two men
got out.  One remained with the boat.  The other headed
toward the house.  He seemed to be carrying something
under his arm--something large, something white.  Within a
few moments she lost sight of him around the side of the
doorframe.

     Sheryl heard the sounds of men talking in low voices. 
As they entered the room she could hear the nasty little man
say, "Do we really need those?."

     "Better safe than otherwise," came the reply.

     Sheryl heard the sounds of movement and struggle from
behind.  She wanted to turn her head and see what was
happening.  But she didn't.  She just kept looking out over
the tranquil blue water.

     Then she felt hands on her body again.  She was hoisted
to her knees and a large canvas sack pulled over her.  They
laid her flat again and pulled the sack down past her bound
legs and tied it closed.  She was lifted by two men and
carried away.

     The last thing she heard of the men in the little house
was a voice asking, "What about the clothes?"

     "Burn 'em," came the matter-of-fact reply.

*   *   *   *   *   End of Part 3   *   *   *   *   *

     TALL, BLOND AND BOUND
     by Zebulon

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted.








