It is late on Christmas Eve, family and friends have left for the evening and kids are in bed in eager anticipation of the morning to come. The room is lit by the glowing remains of a fire still flickering in the fireplace, a few bright Christmas candles scattered about the room and the soft glow of the colored lights on the tree. All combining to fill the room with a soft, warm light and a glowing warmth that creeps into the soul.
You are leaning back on the couch, nestled into the corner, savoring the last few sips of that very special hot chocolate. The many lights dance across the red silk blouse you are wearing and your legs, curled up under you, can just be seen peaking out from underneath your dark green skirt.
I come towards you and lean over you, one hand on the back of the couch the other on the arm. You set the empty cup down and tilt your head back and we look into each other's eyes. I lower my head to yours and plant a gentle kiss on your lips, lingering for a moment before breaking it. Your hands come up and rest on my hips and I bring my lips to yours again, this time tracing your lips with my tongue. Your hands slide up my body to my neck and you pull me down closer, your mouth opening allowing my tongue to slide between your lips and find yours. Gently our tongues dance together and the kiss deepens.
I kneel on the floor and you move your arms, one on the arm, one across the back, your legs still tucked up beneath you. I slowly run my hands along your arms moving lightly across the slick silk to your shoulders. As I stare into your eyes I move my hands down and slowly unbutton your blouse. When all the buttons are undone I bring my lips to yours again, a soft kiss as my hands slowly spread your blouse open, one hand sliding across your lacy red bra and finding the front closure. My fingers deftly unhook and my hands spread it slowly apart till your breasts are bare. I move to your ear and slowly suck it into my mouth, playing with it with my tongue as my hands move down to your hips finding the zipper on the side of your skirt and slowly pulling it down.
I move my lips down your neck, suck gently on the hollow of your throat for a moment as you tilt your head back. I kiss my way down to the valley between your breasts. I move to one nipple and slowly lick all around it with my tongue. I blow gently across it and watch as it stiffens more then nuzzle it with my lips before sucking it into my mouth. My hands are pulling your skirt down now and you shift your legs and lift yourself off the couch so I can slide it off. I lick my way over to your other breast, the nipple already hard with anticipation. This time I tease it with my tongue before sucking it slowly between my lips, caressing it with my tongue inside my mouth.
My hands move between your thighs now, massaging in gently circles. You shift and bring your legs on either side of my body. Slow circular movements of my thumbs and fingers slowly working their way up your legs while I continue to suck on your breasts, lips and tongue moving back and forth between your soft breasts left a wet trail between them. My fingers brush over your green silk panties and I can feel you shiver and tremble at my touch. I lift my head and look into your eyes and start rubbing you in gentle circles through your panties, a soft moan escapes through yours lips as you watch me lick my way down across your ribs and down your tummy, pausing just above the top of your panties. I can feel your hips pressing up against my hands now and feel your arms and hands wrapping around my neck.
I hook my thumbs under the thin straps of your panties and slowly pull them down, kissing around the edges of your pussy as I slowly expose it to my tongue. I slide them off your legs and finally let my tongue drag across your pussy lips. You moan deep and rock your hips. Your hands move to my head and pull my closer to your pussy. I breathe deep, drowning in the wonderful scent and let my tongue probe deep then licking as my fingers move back up and spread your pussy wider for my tongue.
I suck your sweet inner lips into my mouth and graze them with my teeth as I circle the tight entrance to your hidden depths with the tip of my finger. I suck on your lips a little more caressing them with my tongue before release them and taking a long slow lick from my finger up your wet slit and flick the tip of my tongue across your clit. I allow my finger to enter your pussy just to the first knuckle, circling it inside teasing you as I lick your pussy harder, lingering over your clit at the end of each one.
Your moans of delight are almost continuous now and your hands are holding my head tight against your pussy, your hips rocking, pushing yourself up against my tongue. I nuzzle your clit with my lips and suck it into my mouth as I thrust my finger deep inside you. Your body tenses for a moment and your hands entwine themselves in my hair as your body squirms beneath me. I can feel the tension building in you, your legs wrapping themselves around me holding me prisoner, the constant stream of moans issuing from between your trembling lips. I release you clit for a moment and take a long slow lick up your pussy while I slip a second finger inside you. I place my mouth over your pussy, just tongue your lips and the slowly suck your pussy into my mouth as I drive my fingers in and out of you. Your back arches and your whole body tenses and shakes, for a moment there is silence, then your body bucks hard against my mouth and you shout out your joy as your orgasm explodes through you.
I hold you tight to me licking and sucking you slowly as the aftershocks course through you each time my tongue flicks across your clit. The scent of your arousal is intoxicating and the taste of your juices delightful. You finally go limp nestling back into the cushions in the corner of the couch. The smile on your face is a wonderful gift, but I have one last thing to give you.
I stand and lock eyes with you, slowly unzip and lower my pants, revealing my red silk boxers. I can see the lust glaze over your eyes and slowly you spread your legs for me, showing me your red swollen pussy, still slick with your juices. You bring your arms up under your breasts, mounding them up showing my your hard long nipples as your tongue runs over your lips. Your eyes command and I strip off my shirt and slowly pull down my boxers for your approval. The delight is obvious in your eyes and you crook your finger telling me to come to you.
I move closer and slowly lower myself to you. I lightly kiss each hard nipple and feel your hands wrapping around my neck pulling me to you. Our lips meet and our tongues entwine the kiss deep and passion filled. My hard rampant cock comes to rest against your pussy and your hips rock up and down rubbing yourself against me, making my cock slick with your juices. Your legs come up and wrap themselves around my waist holding me tight to you. We rock together our kiss deepening further your hands exploring and caressing me, my cock grinding hard against your pussy. I thrust my tongue deep into your mouth and pull my hips back, feeling your hand coming between us gripping my cock and guiding it to the sweet spot between your legs. As we kiss I slowly drive my cock into you, hearing and feeling your moan as I do so. I don't stop till my balls are tight against you, then I pause.
For a moment there is no movement except our lips kissing. As I hold myself inside you, you start to move, slowly moving your hips, moving up and down on me. The tight sheath of your pussy is too much for me though and I begin my own thrusts into you, meeting each movement of your hips. The strokes slow and hard, your back arches taking me as deep as you can with each stroke. The passion has been ignited again, our bodies tensing and stroking against each other, everything rubbing together, your pussy against my cock, your hard nipples against my chest, and our lips against each other. Your hands move to my ass, holding it trying to make me move faster. Your tight pussy squeezing me with each stroke urging me to move faster inside you, I willingly comply, losing myself in your touch, wanting nothing more than to fill you. Your body tensing, back arching, squirming beneath my pounding cock, moving together my balls beginning to slap against your upturned ass. Its becoming to much, I can feel it building in my balls and I move faster again, harder, driving deep as I can with each stroke. Your moans fill my ears your scent fills my nose, there is nothing but you in my mind and the wonderful feel of your pussy wrapped tightly around my cock. I feel your body tensing beneath me and you hold me tighter trying to trap me inside you. I cannot hold back, your pussy tightening around my cock puts me over the edge and I cry out and drive deep into as my cum shoots into you, splashing against and filling the depths of your pussy. The feel of my pounding cock filling you triggers your own orgasm and for the second time you cum, this time on my hard cock inside you, bucking and writhing beneath me.
I collapse on to you, covering your lips and face with wet sloppy kisses as I feel your body relaxing beneath me. I stand and pull you to me, hugging you close for a moment. I gather our clothes and take your hand leading you into the bedroom. Pull back the covers and allow you to slip into the bed, I quickly join you and spoon against your back, holding you tight, your head resting on my arm the other wrapped around you beneath your breasts, my head nuzzled into your hair. A sight of contentment escapes from your lips as I pull the covers over us and we drift into sleep, knowing that Santa has already left his gift for us.