The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments.
 
This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.  

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 14

A Quiet Day

We were in Aspen with Christmas less than two weeks away.  It was the first time I had
been in the Aspen house since I inherited it from Uncle Bert except for the brief time  I
spent looking for the love letters. Remember, the nun in Santa Fe told me about them. 
Those letters were a clue to the formula that was my treasure hunt.  

Wanting to get Andy and Lisa out of the way so I could be alone with Mary, I sent them to
Vail to retrieve some things from my house there.  While they were gone, Mary had given
me another message from Uncle Bert about the programming.  It was an confounding
message, leaving more questions than it answered, particularly as to Mary's use of her
free will in conjunction with her programming.  

Going into a trance drains my kittens. After giving me the message, Mary had taken her
post trance nap.  An hour or so later, I was sitting in my easy chair thinking about the
programming when I heard soft footsteps behind me. Her hands were on my shoulders,
then slipped to cover my eyes.  

"Guess who it is and win the fucking of a lifetime," she whispered in my ear.  

"Joan of Arc?" 

"Close enough," she murmured as she sat across my lap. She was naked which is a treat
in and of itself.  She put her arms around my neck.  I could see the warm, loving smile in
her eyes before she kissed me. 

Have I said enough about kissing, about touching, feeling, caressing, tantalizing,
cuddling, fondling, embracing?  Probably not.  It is hard (no pun intended) to say too
much about the feelings a man and woman get from the loving fellowship of libidos. Mary
was a wonderful, delicious woman, soft where she should be soft, but with a thick torso
from years of physical exercise, a strength surprisingly great yet feminine, a feel devine. 
I was enjoying just enjoying her, with no time requirement.  Her hands were gentle as
she began to unbutton my shirt, never letting her lips leave mine. My hands were
roaming over her, feeling every inch they could.  Delightful!

We stood to get my shirt off, continuing to hold each other and kiss as she unfastened
my belt. My hands slipped down her back to cup the cheeks of her ass. My finger tips
slipped in the crack between her cheeks to pull her to me. She gave me a tiny smile
before slipping to her knees to pull down my boxers.  I felt her mouth warm around my
cock. "Let's go to the bedroom," I said. 

It had been a month since I had Mary.  That was too long.  Sometimes sex is wild,
sometimes gentle.  So far it has never been boring, as some have said it is. Today, we
were lazy and soft. We fucked and slept the day away, leaving the bed only when
necessary. The relaxation and stimulation was increditable. We were there when Andy
and Lisa returned.  I felt their presence at the door.  

"See, Lisa. I knew they were getting rid of us so they could fuck," I heard Andy say.  Andy
was only partly right.  I really wanted to talk to Mary more about her programming, but
she was so soft, so warm, so . . .  oh, hell, you understand. 

Man cannot live by nookie alone.  Mary was a superb cook.   She was teaching Andy and
Lisa, cooking a marvelous dinner using the shrimp and crab Andy had bought at the fish
market on her way home.  After dinner, we went into the living room where I had built a
big fire in the fireplace.  

I plopped down on the layered, animal-skin, rugs Uncle Bert had in each of his houses.
My mother and my sisters were active anti-fur activists, so, at first, I was horrified by the
fur rugs.  Uncle Bert had explained the minks used were ranch mink, raised and sold by
farmers who made their living that way.  Those furs were no more objectionable than the
leather in clothes and shoes, or the feathers in down jackets. And, Uncle Bert was very
careful never to buy any furs from an animal that was not farm raised. 

The big rug under me was sheepskins stitched together.  The covering rugs were
comforters made of mink.   I felt a hand on my leg.  It was Mary, bracing herself as she
sat beside me and handed me a glass of Cabernet.  She was naked again.  I felt breasts
boring into my back and the heat of a woman.  Andy kissed the nape of my neck.  

Lisa, naked also, knelt before me.  Her eyes were bright and shiny, with the flickering
light of the fire winking off the chrome buckle of the collar around her neck.  Her fingers
went to the top button of my shirt.  "May I?" she asked. I nodded yes.  Andy massaged
the muscles of my neck as Lisa unbuttoned my shirt.  

"Slowly, Lisa.  Very slowly."

She smiled shyly, her face telling me she was eager to please.  Mary's hand was
rhythmically moving back and forth along my upper thigh as Lisa leaned to kiss me.  I felt
Andy's lips on the side of my neck as Lisa's lips touched mine.  We kissed as she
continued the slow undoing of my shirt.  Mary took my arm, unbuttoning one sleeve
button as Lisa pulled the shirt from my pants and Andy unbuttoned the other sleeve.  I felt
Andy's nails scrape across my shoulders as she eased the shirt off me. 

Mary and Andy gently pushed, guiding me until I lay flat.  Four soft, feminine hands
caressed me as Lisa began unbuckling my belt.  As I raised my hips so Lisa could get
my jeans off, Mary kissed me, her hand tugging my hair, and Andy gently suckled my
nipple as her nails traced circles around my navel. 

Of course, you know it, but it is worth saying.  My cock was standing at attention. Lisa's
hand wrapped around the shaft.  Her lips engulfed the head as Mary whispered in my
ear, "Want us to please you?"

"Yes, baby.  Make it last all night."

You should really try it sometime. Be totally passive. You can lose your mind floating in
the sensory overload as smells and feels and touch numb your brain.  Let your lover do
everything as you remain inert, a willing vessel to be filled with the desire of your amour. 
If you have three amours, all the better. 

Hours later, my cock now limp and exhausted, I drifted to sleep, warmed by three women
hot against me under a mink blanket, the crackling of the dying fire the only sound except
for our breathing. 

To be continued. . . .

Please! Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
