			Roof. Night.

			She looked at the black man again. He was hunched down, busy looking through the scope he was holding. The coat was blowing in the cold wind but he didn't seem to feel it. She pulled the long black coat she was wearing around her again, thankful for the leather, padded catsuit and helmet she had on under it and knelt down beside him. 
			"Christ, it's fucking freezing." she told him.
			Black Pride didn't take his eye from the scope. "I don't feel it." he said then looked at the young white woman. He had met Tiffany Storme a few days ago. The fact she was the daughter of Howard Storme made him interested. That and the fact she sucked cock better than any of the others. "Move about." he told her.
			"I have done. I'm still cold." Tiffany replied. "I know how to warm up..." she smiled and reached between his legs. She felt his crotch and cupped it gently. "He isn't going anywhere. I know him, remember?"
			Black Pride didn't move. He glanced back to the Storme Building and knew she was right. Howard Storme had changed his pattern for day. He wouldn't change it tonight. Maybe there was a way to do both, he thought and smiled at Tiffany...


			***


			Alley. Night.
	
			Tonya shivered as she rubbed her arms and tried to think of warm things like sunshine and fires and anything else that gave of heat. The short mini-skirt and thin top didn't help. The fake fur coat was useless at keeping her warm. "BITCH! YOU FUCKIN' DUMB!" she heard and swore under her breath. It was Lazlo. The jamacian pimp who had `cared' for her for three years now. She thought of how much money she had made tonight and knew it wouldn't be enough.
			"Lazlo..." she started and felt the slap hit her face hard before she even turned.
			Lazlo grabbed her hair and yanked her back to look at her. "You shou' be sellin' that cun' of yours, not fuckin' hiding!"
			"It's too cold. There's no-one--"
			Another slap hit her from the other side. She felt the tears welling up. "Don' backcha' me, ho'. You jus' `nother product to sell. A piece of whitemeat, tha's all. And if you ain' sellin', you ain' worth shit."
			A car horn sounded and Tonya looked over to the vehicle. The shiny, black car stopped and the window slid down. "We doin' business, Lazlo!" a voice called from inside. The jamacian looked at the car and nodded. "Yeah, we doin' business. I just got a staff issue here."
			"I don't give a fuck. Get in, man." the voice replied.
			Lazlo smiled and let Tonya go. "I go' the cash. I say where. And I ain' gettin' in no car."
			There was silence from the car. Then the voice seemed to sigh before it replied. "Okay, where?"
			"Tha's good." Lazlo grinned and looked and looked at Tonya. He grabbed her arm. "Gonna give you a fuckin' lesson in business. Starting with the customer is always right!"
			Tonya knew what would happen. It wouldn't be the first time she been at a buy with him. It would probably mean blowing the other guy or something else. She seen Lazlo sell a girl at a meeting as a warning to the rest of them. They were just product to him. Bought and sold as required.
			Bastard, she thought as she was pulled to Lazlo's car. "You follow me, huh?" he said the black car.


			***


			Roof. Night.
			
			Black Pride smiled as he felt Tiffany's lips lock around his cock. He was sitting, his back against the exit with his legs spread as Tiffany was on her knees between his legs. Her leather-clad ass was sticking up in the air as she pushed his thigh open with her hands and slid her mouth down his thickening shaft.
			"You're right. I'm warming up nicely." he told her and looked though the scope again. The apartment in the Storme Building was empty. The old bastard had gone half an hour ago when a young blonde woman arrived.
			"Mmmmmhh...." Tiffany moaned and lifted her head, her lips sliding up his growing black cock. She kissed the head and began licking down it. She stopped. "He's fucking one of the secretaries. Does it every year. A different one." she said and kissed the black cock in front of her. "And thinks I should be a nun."
			Pride looked down at her. "In that outfit, you look kinda nun-like."
			"Yeah?" Tiffany knelt up, pushing her face towards his. She kissed him gently and felt him kiss back. His fingers slid up her neck. Tiffany undid the clasp that held the black leather helmet on and pulled it off, feeling the the thin black diamond eyemask come with it. The sound of another fastening being pulled open made them both smile. "You ever had a nun?" she asked.
			"Once." he said and fet between her legs. The crotch on Tiffany's outfit was open now, the velcro flap open and he felt the smooth skin of her shaved pussy. Pride saw the lust in Tiffany's eyes. "Sha had a thing for black meat."
			Tiffany crawled up a little closer to him and gripped his cock. She pressed the head against her pussy lips and felt open for him. Moving forward she moaned as the shaft easily slid into her as she sank down the cock. "....Uuuuuuuuuuhhhhh....."
			"That's what Sister Anna-Marie said..." Pride smiled and put the scope down. He put his hands on her hips as Tiffany began to ride him.....



			***


			Street. Night.

			"Should be in fuckin' bed." one of the them said as they pulled into the alley. The driver parked up and opened the door.
			"The sooner this is done the better." he muttered as he stepped out. There were two of them, both big, both black. "You got the bag?"
			"Yeah I got the bag." the passenger said.
			The driver looked up. "Dumb fucking time for a meet, you ask me." he said. "Let's go."
			


			***


			Roof. Night.

			Tiffany closed her eyes and moaned as she sank down onto the long black cock again as she squeezed his shoulders. She opened her eyes and looked down at the black man. His guns were next to them. The only long, black barrel she wanted was firmly inside her. "Warm?" Tiffany smiled.
			"Yeah," Pride said. "You?"
			"Nicely."
			He started to move his hips, pushing his cock into her. Pride gasped, wanting to keep his cock deep inside her.
			"Mmm..." Tiffany smiled, feeling his cock throb and pulse inside her pussy. The cold was gone.



			***


			Building. Night.

			The building was old. The driver and the passenger shivered as they made their way up the stairs from the the landing. "many fuckin' rats you think are here?" the passenger complained.
			"What's the matter, you not like visiting family?" the driver said back.
			"Fuck you too." the other man replied. "Do we need to take the stairs? What's with the lift?"
			"Stairs are good you. It's exercise."
			The passenger shook his head. "Fuck exercise. That's what pussy is for."
			The driver watched as the other man walked down and headed for lift doors. No fucking stamina, he thought then sighed and followed.

		
			***


			Car. Night.

			Lazlo eased the car to a stop and watched the red light. "Now, bitch." he said to Tonya. "You jus' do wha' you told, when you told. I might get you a little bonus after."
			Tonya turned from him and looked at the street. There was a couple of people out there. Going to where-ever. Somewhere warm probably. She had wanted that when she arrived in the city. Then Lazlo happened. 



			***


			Roof. Night.

			"Uuuuuuhhhh...." Tiffany groaned. "You gonna cum inside me?" she asked, and licked her top lip. "Huh, gonna fill me with that hot cum?"
			Pride gripped her hips, pushing them down as he felt her pussy muscles squeezing his cock while he continued his short, thrusts upwards. "Hell, yeah." he grinned. "Gonna fill that white pussy with it."
			"Mmmmm...." she moaned and grinned. "I loooooove black cock...."


			***


			Building. Night.

			The lift doors opened.
			The two black men stepped out. "You still got stairs to climb." the driver said, pointing at flight of stairs.
			"Just not that many." the other man smiled and led the way.


			***


			Car. Night.

			Finally the light had changed and Lazlo sighed as he started moving the car forward. "I don't know what the city does with the taxes. But thay don't spent on the roads."
			"I thought you didn't pay tax." Tonya asked.
			"Ain't the fuckin' point, bitch." he replied. "Now shut up. And only use tha' pretty mou'h for some'hing useful. Not talkin'!"
			She turned away from him as he checked the mirror again. The other car was till following.


			***


			Roof. Night.

			The thrusts were getting shorter. He was getting close. His balls were ready to explode and fill that white pussy and flood the womb of the woman. All that negro DNA mixing with Storme DNA. Pride knew she was on the pill, like the others but the idea made him fuck deeper. Tiffany might not like her old man but she was still his daughter. He took pleasure in that. And knew she did as well. Howard Storme was just another racist old fuck no matter how rich he was. Tiffany was back on the social circles, this time making sure she was seen with black men to piss daddy off. 
			The soft sound of something hitting the floor of the roof made Pride stop. He looked around and saw the shadow of the door sweep open in the moonlight. Someone was coming onto the roof!



			***


			Building. Night.

			They stopped and looked at open door having seen the lock being open. The driver put his finger to his lips and hushed the passenger. He waited and heard the soft sound of movement. Someone landing hard with a grunt. Then silence. He reached into his jacket and pulled out the pistol, then motioned to the other man to wait. He walked onto the roof, gun held forward then suddenly spun round. 
			The fist came out of nowhere, as did the two more blows that followed it. The kick in the balls came last and sent him to the ground wher he could only moan.
			"Fuckin'...." the other man said as he saw the black man in the long oat picking up the pistol. He pulled the knife from his pocket and ran at the tall dark stranger. Suddenly he felt himself fallowing through the air and landed hard with a gasp. The pain was intense as he rolled over looked at the white woman in leather. There was a flash of white skin between her thigh and he smiled as he thought he saw pussy then realised he also saw his own knife sticking out of him. The blade was stuck in him deep. "Fuuuuck..." said.
			"Nice move, V--Pride." Tiffany said. "Just throw me off."
			"No time." Pride said and remembered his cock was hanging out. He managed to push it back, zipping himself up. The they looked at the two black men at their feet. Tiffany looked down the exit and headed down. She came back with a bag. and opened it up for Pride. He reached in and removed the the two halves of the sniper rifle. He tossed the small handgun over the side of the building then looked at Tiffany as she checked the pulse of the other man then knelt down on the man he had punched and kicked. The driver gasped for breath as he looked up. 
			`Weak', Tiffany mouthed to Pride who looked down at the man he was kneeling on. "Guess your buddy's not going to make it. Start talking." he demanded.


			***

			
			Car. Night.

			Lazlo was smiling as he pressed on the brake gently. "Yeah, bitch, got a sweet deal here. You be a good girl and you migh' get a couple of bucks out of it." he said as he eased the car into the alley. Tonya said nothing. She just wondered what she'd have to do. He stopped the car and checked the mirror again. The other car had parked at the entrance and stayed there.
			"Fuckin' chinks don't trus' nothin'" Lazlo muttered and got out. He stood by the car with his hands clasped in front of him. "We goin' do this or wha'!" he called over.
			Doors opened in the other car and lazlo watched as two asians in suits stepped out. A third man, the driver go out and stayed by the car. They were carrying small machine pistols. He watched the first two start to search the alleyway. They checked the dumpsters and knocked the the old boxes aside. They looked up at the roofs and only then did one of them head back to the car. He opened the door and bent inside. Suddenly the other door opened and the fourth chinese man appeared. Small and also suited he seemed nervous as he was escorted down the alleyway.
			


			***


			Roof. Night. 

			"Other guy's dead." Tiffany told Pride as she hunched down next to him. He was peering over the edge of the roof, holding a small microphone there. 
			"Shhh...." he said quietly and handed her the other earpiece that was connected to the microphone.
			She raised her head slowly and looked down to where he was looking. She saw the alley below, a car and a black man in demins and a thick coat. But it was the guys in suits that took her attention. She counted two guns but could guess there might be more. One of the men stopped in front of the black man. Tiffany listened carefully.
			"Come on, man." she heard the black man say. "This is fuckin' shootin' range for you. And you go' the guns."
			"I prefer to be at home." the man in the suit replied and Tiffany thought he was chinese or japanese. "This is not the night for this business."
			"Business is business," the black man said. "Don' matter the day."
			"You show me and we can finish this."
			The black man walked around the trunk and opened it. Both men looked in. "You see, man," the black man said. "You guys could blow me and my girl away and walk away with the cash." Tiffany slowly moved up and saw a figure in the car. "I'm trustin' you, man."
			The small man nodded and motioned to the other end of the alley. She watched as a fourth asian man came walking down the alley, carrying a heavy-looking sports bag. He handed it to the small man who put it into the trunk.
			"Ready?" Pride whispered.
			"Fuck," Tiffany replied. "All that training, I should be."
			"Good, you have the gun." he said. Tiffany looked at him. "Just try not to kill anyone, and don't hit me. Wait till I'm ready then open up."
			Tiffany looked down and saw the assembled rifle. There was suppressor on the barrel. She felt nervous. Tiffany had used various guns but only on a range. She watched Pride slid back and get to his feet. He ran to one side of the roof and took a running jump rolling as he landed on the opposite roof. Tiffany knelt up and gripped the rifle and felt the weight in her hands. She took a deep breath and exhaled. She looked over and saw Black Pride peering over the roof. He looked at Tiffany and nodded, lifting his wrist to his mouth. `Now." she heard in the earpiece that was embedded in the left side of the leather helmet.
			Tiffany aimed at the black car on the street and squeezed the trigger. 



			***


			Alley. Night.

			The window of the rear passenger side exploded.
			The chinese guards looked and immediately cocked the machine pistols as another shot hit the side of the door. Then a third shot shattered on the street. They looked at the far end of the alley.
			"Bastard!" the small chinese man spat and reached behind him. 
			Lazlo was still in shock from when the window shattered. What had they done, the stupid fucks?


			***


			Roof. Night.

			Tiffany pulled the trigger twice more, hitting the street with both shots as she saw Black Pride suddenly launch himself into the air.



			***


			Alley. Night.

			Pride landed on the chinese man on the far side of the alley, the man's head bouncing off the wall. He landed hard, swinging the unconcious man around and throwing him into the other gunman. The small man looked round at the fight and felt hands grabbing his arm. he looked back to see the black pimp's head come in hard. The headbutt sent him back in pain. Lazlo grabbed his head and slammed it down into the trunk then smashed the trunk closed on the chinaman's head.
			Pride finished up with the other gunman and quickly dismantled the machine pistols as he walked towards the last man standing at the end of the alley. Slowly a blonde, white woman was getting out of his car. "Hey man!" Lazlo said, putting his hands up. "Ain' I happy to see you, brother. These chinks were holdin' us up!"
			Black Pride punched Lazlo hard in the face, sending him to the ground.
			"My fuckin' face!" the jamacian cried.
			Pride grabbed him by the throat and punched him in the face again. "I suggest you leave. Fast." Pride told him. "Before the people you just tried to fuck over wake up. I would say leave the city in fact. And take your nigger act somewhere they're dumb enough to take it."
			"Fuck you, motherfucker!" the jamacian said and went silent as he saw the long-barrelled gun being taken from the black man's thigh. "I'm going!" he said and got to his feet. "Fuck you, man. "Fuck you!" He turned to the blonde. "Get you ass over here, bitch!"
			"She stays." Pride told him and levelled his gun at the Jamacian's face. 
			"Big nigga with the gun, huh..." the jamacian said, backing off. "I'll be back for you later, `ho!"
			Black pride kept the gun aimed on him as he walked backwards then turned and ran. He finally lowered the gun and looked at the blonde. "Got a name?"
			"T-Tonya," she said quietly.
			Pride sighed and looked in the trunk of the car. As he did he saw Tiffany landing on the ground from where she had rappelled down from the roof. "What about assholes one and two?" he asked, thinking about the gunman up on the roof, seeing she had the rifle slung on her back.
			"One dead, the other took off." she told him. "Honourable fucker."
			"No great loss." Pride shrugged and looked at Tonya again. "You should get yourself a new boyfriend."
			"He ain't my boyfriend." Tonya said, looking at the unconcious bodies in the alley.
			"He's not your family." Tiffany said.
			"Pimp?" pride asked.
			Tonya nodded.
			Pride opened the bags that were in the trunk and heard Tiffany whistle as she came around and looked in as well. One was full of cash, the other full of thick bound packages. A cut in one package showed white powder in it. "Looks like a hundred thousand," Tiffany said.
			"You should know." Pride smiled and was aware of Tonya looking in the trunk as well. Somewhere in the city chimes started ringing. He checked his watch and smiled again. Pride quickly checked through the bag of money and saw it was all cash and all real. He zipped up the bag again and lifted it out of the trunk in Tonya's direction. She stood there and stared at it. "Happy Christmas." Black Pride said, offering the bag again. 
			"But..." Tonya started.
			"Call it compensation from that dick." Pride told her and smiled as she took the bag from him. 
			Tonya felt the weight of the bag and looked at the black man and white woman. "Thank you.." she said. "But..."
			"Get out of here before these assholes wake up." Pride told her as he zipped up the bag of drugs. "Now go." With that he picked up the bag and started walking out of the alley. Tiffany ran after him, giving Tonya a wave.
			Tonya looked at the asian men and heard a moan from one of them. She gripped the bag and ran out of the alley, heading in the opposite direction of the two strangers. As she slowed down at the corner she stopped and looked back. Two bikes roared onto the street then turned and disappeared into the night. Tonya wondered who they were and saw a taxi. She waved it down, thinking about what she could go with a hundred thousand dollars.



			***

			
			Apartment. Night.

			Emilia Semmons couldn't sleep. The six-year-old was in bed watching the window. She was took nervous to sleep, wondering about the things a six-year-old wonders. She was wondering if Santa Claus wouldn't come if it didn't snow. She'd overheard the news saying there would be no snow either. Emilia had wanted it to snow. She wanted to run out and throw snowballs at that stupid boy who lived next door. 
			She sighed loudly and looked at the ceiling and told herself to go to sleep. Emilia gave one more look and sat upright. The soft, white specs where falling past the window. She gasped and watched it thicken. She pulled the cover from her bed and jumped out, "Mommy!" she called out and ran out of her room. "It's snowing!"
			Emilia ran into her mother's bedroom. "IT'S SNOWING!" she yelled.
			"Oh!" Bernadette Semmons shot up in bed. "Jesus, Emilia!" she gasped looked at the small girl. "What?"
			"It's snowing!" Emilia grinned and started jumping. "It's snowing, it's snowing, it's snowing!" 
			Bernadette looked at her window. There was no sign of snow. "Calm down. It's not snowing. Now go to bed or Santa'll just fly on past."
			"It is snowing." the girl said. "I saw it!"
			Bernadette sighed, swung her legs out of the bed. She shivered as her bare feet hit the cold floor. "Let's get you back to bed." she muttered.
			Emilia took her mother's hand and pulled her to her own room. "Look!" she said, pointing to the window. "It's snow--"
			The window was clear. Emilia ran to it and peered up out of it. "It was snowing." she said again. "It was. Where's the snow?"
			"You must have been dreaming." Bernadette said with a smile. "Now, back in bed." 
			"It was snowing." the girl protested as she trudged to her bed and flopped in. "I saw snow."
			"Goodnight," her mother said. "Okay?"
			Emilia looked at the window. Then lay back as the covers were bundled up around her. "Okay."
			She looked up at her mother as her head was kissed. Bernadette tapped Emilia on the nose. "Sleep," she said and walked out the room, taking a last look and blew a kiss before she closed the door over.
			The girl looked back at the window. She did see snow. 
			She knew she did....


			***


			Roof. Night.

			The last package was empty. Black Pride tossed the flat drugs package over the side of the building into the air, the same way he had emptied and tossed the other packages from the bag. He watched it sail into the shadows where over a hundred thousand dollars of cocaine had also fallen softly. Like snow, Pride thought. Tiffany could only look on and smile. "If this was a movie, you should be making some kind of joke line." she said. "Merry Christmas. Here comes the snow."
			"Ho-ho-ho." Pride retorted. "Let's call it a night. It is Christmas."
			"What, no present?" Tiffany pouted.
			"That's why we're calling it a night." the black man told her. He walked up to her and slapped his hand between her thighs, asqueezing her crotch gently. Tiffany didn't move, just looked up at him and smiled. "I got unfinished business with this," he smiled as she bit on her bottom lips. Tiffany was pushing her crotch against his hand.



			***


			Beach Mansion. Bedroom. Night.

			"Please...."
			Black Pride had been put away. He was Vern Kobe again and balls deep inside the shaven pussy of Tiffany Storme. Her arms and legs were wrapped around him in the bed with her eyes were firmly locked on his. Her pussy had dripping wet as he entered her and stayed inside her, feeling her cunt thorb around his cock.
			"Please..." Tiffany gasped again.
			"Please what?" Verne demanded.
			"Cum inside me, you black fuck!" she gasped.
			Verne grinned. He was inside Howard Storme's daughter. His big, black cock was deep inside that old racist's daughter.
			"Please....!!!" she begged and slapped his lower back. "Fuck meeeeee!!!"
			He smiled as she gasped when he slowly pushed against her. Her cunt walls were tight around his cock, trying to milk it for his cum. He pushed himself to the side and rolled both of them over so she was on top now. Their eyes never left each other as he felt her begin to rock back and forward on his cock. "Cum in me," Tiffany begged him again. "I wanna feel your cum fill me up!"
			Verne broke the eye contact between them glanced at the video camera that was recording them fucking. It was Tiffany's idea. A present for her daddy she had said. A nice little sex tape. He had grinned at that. Happy Christmas, Mr Storme. Who's fucking who now?
			He gasped as he felt balls no langer able to hold back any longer and he came, thrusting his cock in as deep as he could force it as Tiffany reared up, a look of ecstacy on her face as he gave her want wanted - a pussy-load of black seed.
			As she sank down Tiffany was purring and snuggled up to him while he went soft inside her. "Know what I would love for christmas?" she said.
			"What?" Verne said.
			Tiffany looked up at him then pulled herself up so her lips were at his ear. She whispered to him.
			


			***


			Tiffany stared into the camera lens as she felt the hand holding her head up by her hair. "Who's your daddy?" she heard from behind her as the cock inside her throbbed. "Who's your daddy!?"
			"You... You are..." she gasped, still looking into the camera lens. "Oh, fuck, you are!"
			"Tha's right, baby!" the black man inside laughed and slapped her on the ass. Tiffany yelped as the fucking started. The camera moved back as a second black man stepped in front of her, shoving his hard cock in her face
			"Suck on this, baby!" he said and Tiffany looked up in happiness as she opened her mouth and felt the hard cock being guided in over her tongue. Varne made sure he got her face in shot as he focused on the long, black cock sliding into her mouth.
			"Fuckin' love fuckin' this pussy!" the man behind her said with a grin as he slapped his hands on her waist while he fucked.
			"Mmmm-mmmhhh...." Tiffany moaned loojking up at the black man in her mouth then sucked hard.
			"Aaaah, baaaby....!" he gasped and gripped the sides of her head, pushing his finger through her black hair. "Suck it...."
			Tiffany sucked hard as the man behind her slowed his fucking down but made it harder, forcing her lips down the black shaft in her mouth. he began fucking onto the other cock. "Mmmh!" she gasped as she glanced to the camera and Varne. Her eyes were watering.
			"Swallow it good, baby. "the man in mouth urged.
			"Cunt is so fuckin' wet!" the behind her laughed.
			Tiffany's face was red as the black man in her mouth was now balls-deep. The head of his cock had to be in her throat. suddenly he jerked back and Tiffany coughed hard and panted as she looked up at him again. He grabbed her hair, gently pulled her face up and slowly ran her wet shaft across her lips then slapped her face with it. All the time the man in her pussy kept up the pace of his fucking. 
			"Yeah! Yeah, baby!" he grunted as he slapped her ass again. Verne smiled as he saw the cock-slapping of Tiffany's face become harder. The lust in her eyes was growing.
			"How `bout we really fill that pussy?" the black man in front of her suggested....


			
			***


			"UUUUHHH, JEEEESUS!!!!" Tiffany screamed out as she felt the second cock pushing into her well-stretched pussy lips. She was straddling the black man under her and already had his thick cock firmly inside her cunt as the second man forced the head of his cock into the tight pussy lips. Verne was hard again as he kept filming when Tiffany reared up again. "FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUHHHHCK!!!!!!!" she yelled out.
			"You can take it!" the second man told her
			"Jeez, she's tight!" the man under her grinned.
			Tears were running down her cheeks as the second cock was being pushed into her stretched pussy. "UUH....UUHHH...." she gasped. "TWOBIGFFFFUCKIN'COCKSINMMMMEEEE!!!!"
			The second man grabbed her hair and yanked her head back so her face was in the camera again. "You want it to stop, baby?!" he asked, making small thrusting movements now.
			The man under was squeezing her breasts as well as beginning to thrust. "Yeah, want `em out, bitch?!" he grinned.
			Tiffany was panting hard and fixed the camera with a hard look. "AAH... AAH... AAH..." she gasped. "NO...! NO...DONYOUFUCKIN'STOP!!!"
			"Man, I love this fuckin' pussy!!!" the black man behind her laughed. 
			Verne put the camera down, making sure Tiffany was in shot from side on. He jumped in front of her and took her head from the second man. He slapped her across the face with his cock. "Open wide, baby!" he told her.
			"OOHFUCK....!!! OOHFUCK!!!" she gasped, seeing the thick black cock in her face. "OOOOOHHFFFFFUUUUUCK....."
			Verne pushed the head of his cock onto her tongue and slowly pushed into her wide open wet mouth. "Aaaahhhh...." he moaned, and closed his eyes as he grabbed her hair in both hands.
			"AAAaaahhhhnnnnnn--" Tiffany fell silent as her lips closed around his shaft. He started to thrust, listening to the suppressed grunts of Tiffany all three had obviously started to fuck her......



			***


			The fucking had done it for Tiffany. She could only lie there groaning as the three black men shot their loads inside her. She had grinned as she felt each man empty themselves in her pussy. As she lay there, legs spread, leaking cum from her hard-fucked pussy, Verne checked the camera. It had recorded it all. It would take another hour for him to be happy with the footage. The only face that would be visible would be Tiffany Storme as she got her pussy double-fucked.!
			The computer Verne used was a secure one. He could send anything from it and not be traced. He sent it to just the right muck-raking site he knew about. They wouldn't ask questions. He then sent a second copy to a private address he had gotten from Tiffany. When Howard Storme opened his email that would be a little present for him. Verne saw the sun was coming up on Christmas Day.
			"Happy Christmas, asshole." he grinned and hit SEND.
			As the file was uploaded Verne looked at the sleeping form of Tiffany Storme. She had the right idea but his cock was getting some life in it again. He  walked over to the bed and looked at the young, naked, white woman. As he looked at her his cock twitched and slowly got harder. Verne gently brought it to full hardness again. Time to give Miss Storme another present..... 