The Solitary Arrow
by Mack the Knife

Part Seventeen

Hyandai guided Harlen through the woods, leading him around features she knew to be somewhat treacherous. There was little in the Windir forest that would offer direct threat to a fully-grown human man, or even an elven woman. But that did not mean there was no reason for caution. There were places of spiritual power and locations where other fey creatures lived. Mischievous beings that would trick and betray Harlen, and some, even, Hyandai.

Deep under the canopy provided by the massive ornthalion trees, they moved quietly, disturbing the land as little as may be. Hyandai cautioned against leaving more mark of their passage than necessary, as there would be rangers about, forest wise elven men who, like Harlen did in Morrovale, patrolled these woods, seeking game and watching out for interlopers.

Most rangers were loyal to the crown and the people of the Windir, but there may be some who were subverted. A ranger, in his own wood, was not something to be trifled with, she warned.

Harlen was amazed at how close many of the local animals would allow them to come before they fled from the couple. They would watch warily, it is true, up until a person would walk near enough to touch them. Only then would the animals unhurriedly move away, stepping just far enough to be out of easy reach. Hyandai assured him that they would eat from ones hand, if one had food to offer that appealed to them.

Why do they not fear us? Harlen asked quietly as they stood not four paces from a doe and her foal.

Hyandai looked at him. We hunt very little, beloved. She said. They have not evolved to fear us. In your lands, they have many times been hunted to the verge of being wiped out. Only the ones who feared man instinctively survived. Today, all that live are descendants of those that lived, and were afraid.

Harlen considered this for a while, and understood her point, but people had to hunt, he figured. They would not live long outside Windir, would they? He asked.

She shook her head. They do not know to avoid man. She said.

They walked on a ways, breaking for a quick lunch after several hours of travel. It was hard for Harlen to gauge their progress, as he knew none of the landmarks, and it was hard to judge speed in this world of oversized trees and little direct sun. It was beautiful, however, in a majestic and mysterious way. Almost like the cathedrals to the One he had heard tales of in the great cities. This was a cathedral to the One, he realized, simply a temple the One had allowed to construct itself, with the help of the firstborn. 

We are nearly halfway there, we will be able to arrive come the morning. Hyandai assured him, using her own memory of landmarks in the woods around them. Harlen noted her newfound confidence of stride. They were in her lands now, and she knew them as Harlen had known Morrovale.

She graced him with a broad smile. There is a place we can camp tonight, in relative safety. She said. It is my turn to provide the shelter. I often went there as a child, and it always seemed safe and I was never discovered by others.

Harlen nodded. Sounds like a good spot, this close to Embalis, there may be patrols from the town itself to contend with. He said. Especially if they suspect trouble is brooding.

A look of worry and deep thought crossed Hyandais face as they continued walking. I fear for my people, Harlen. She said. The Ehladrel will not help that much in a fight of armies.

He commiserated with her, stroking her long auburn hair. I fear for them, as well, angel. He said softly.

The walk continued in silence, the two of them lost in their individual thoughts.

Hyandais mind was consumed with the worry, and fear that her people would be slaughtered by the traitors and her whole culture doomed to being extinguished.

Harlen, as is humanitys wont, was trying to think of ways to avoid those fates. This, more than fecundity or viciousness was the human advantage in situations of competition, be it a race, a game of poker, or a war.

The Windy Islanders are occupied? He asked, breaking the hours of silence.

She had to think for a few heartbeats as she digested his question. Yes. She finally said. They are still trying to mop up rogue Ghantian regiments and individuals who continue to harass their towns and outlying farmsteads. Besides, we fear bringing men into the deep wood to do battle, those who are untrained in such environs. They would be cut down like wheat.

Harlen nodded, still following Hyandais back through the rolling terrain of the woodlands floor. 

Harlen suddenly realized he was hearing water splashing. A waterfall, he thought. As he noted they were entering a clearing. It was like a larger-scale version of the grotto in Morrovale. Or, perhaps, the grotto was a miniature replica of this spot. It was wide and deep, and the trees held back from encroaching upon the shoreline of the little lake. On one side, a large waterfall fell over a sharp formation of rocks, tumbling down and spreading mist at the base of the column of flowing water. The water was unbelievably clear, and the scent of the entire glade was of orchids. A rainbow formed in the mist, spreading wide over the glade and fading toward the edges with the mist.

As Harlen blinked at the sheer beauty of the scene and the assault of lovely scent upon his nose, Hyandai grabbed his shoulder and pushed him down. They were now crouching behind a thick bush, with white flowers covering its surface. Peering over the edge of the bush, Hyandai smiled like a child, pointing with her thumb, then looking back over.

Harlen joined her in peering over the edge of the bush. Near the waterfall, just emerging from it, apparently, was a woman. She looked human, tall and lean, with long, powerful legs and strong-looking arms. She was fully nude, her lithe body gleaming with refracting beads of water. She moved with the grace of a skilled dancer, or warrior, or both. The only thing that made him know she was not a human was her hair. It was thick and wavy; a massive mane of hair, and it was green. However, it was not all green, parts of it were turning brown and red, and parts yellow and orange.

She walked along the bank of the little lake for some feet before turning and walking toward the trees, then disappearing into the foliage.

What was that? Harlen asked, his voice a whisper.

Hyandai giggled. A nymph. She said. Another fey of the wood.

Are all fey so beautiful as you and she? Harlen asked, peering back over, in case the nymph returned.

Hyandai stood up. Im afraid not. She said. As a matter of fact, some are quite repulsive.

A low chuckle emitted from Harlens chest. I see. He said.

Onward they traveled, time seemed to have little meaning as they went on. The sun changed position, but without any real indicator of its present location and where it was an hour ago, it did not register as important.

I see now why people say time does not pass in elven lands. Harlen commented idly, looking up at the few tiny pinpricks of sunlight piercing the canopy overhead. If it does, it does so in hiding.

Hyandai took his hand. Fret not, lover, we are in lands now that I know well. She said. Or well enough.

The light was once again fading when Hyandai walked them up to an Ornathalion tree. She moved about the base, seeking something, until she found it. There was a soft, wooden click and a door opened into the tree.

She grinned back at his rather startled expression. Come. She said, ducking into the doorway and entering the trees trunk.

Harlen had to duck but could stand upright inside. It was a small chamber, only two paces wide and one deep. A narrow tunnel led from the left wall into the tree, like huge termites had bored into it.

Hyandai carefully closed the door and said. Use your calyondo, beloved.

Digging for a moment, Harlen produced the calyondo and held it before him. She crawled into the tunnel and he followed. He could not at all complain of the view for this portion of their trek, he thought while looking ahead. Hyandai seemed to now never wear a loincloth, and the view was quite, frankly, stimulating, if he had to say so.

After what seemed like a long while of steady crawling, and moving upward, they emerged onto a platform that was very high up in the trees. Harlen looked over the edge, stretching muscles unused to such crawling. He saw nothing but darkening woods and mist. 

How high are we? He asked. 

Hyandai peered over the side. About two hundred paces. She said. As near as I could ever tell, I never measured it.

What is it? He asked, looking around the platform, which seemed to go all the way around the tree at this level.

She shrugged. I know not, perhaps a disused watch post. She said. But I have never found others here. We should be safe here for the night.

Harlen pocketed the light orb and sat upon the wooden deck of the platform. Tell me about your father. Harlen asked, maintaining his random thought patterns.

Hyandai sat opposite him, cross-legged and leaned her elbows onto her knees and her chin onto her hands.

He is a strong elf. She said. And a good man. He is a smith, as Ive told you, and makes many a useful items for the clan and the village. Her eyes were growing misty with times passage as she spoke. He was the head of the clan for a short while, before my mothers death. You see, we elves are matrilineal, though we usually have male rulers.

When an elven man marries an elven woman, he takes on her position. As my mother was the senior woman in the clan, she was the matriarch, when my father married her, he became the patriarch. She explained further. He headed the clan. But, when the woman that ties a man to his position dies, he loses it.

Harlen nodded. What is he like? He probed. He had never known his mother or father, so this was very interesting to him.

As I said, strong and good. She repeated. But also stern and stubborn, at turns. Her eyes were now glittering. I remember him trying to make me quit carrying my mothers hyandai all the time and me being just as stubborn and headstrong as he was.

She was smiling a wide toothy grin. I have told you, I am considered plain by elven folk, if for my golden eyes alone. She said. One boy who had been sent by his parents to visit me said something about it, in a most discourteous tone. I thought my father would flatten him like a sheet of steel. He grabbed the rascal by his collar and bodily hauled him out the door, and to the edge of the platform, and dangled him over it, saying: More civility next time you have the honor of speaking to my daughter, else you may become my first experiment in the effects of gravity upon a piece of dung. She paused a long moment. He was my hero, and still is, I suppose, though now I have another, as well.

She moved her slender hand onto Harlens her tiny fingers like a childs next to his thick digits. You reminded me of him when we first met, from your smell of hard work. She said. And while certain of our activities have disabused me of that assessment, others have reinforced it.

Will he like me? Harlen asked. Or, more importantly, approve of me, and you. His eyes held some measure of concern for this matter.

Hyandai shrugged. I know not, these days. She said. It is a dark time, Harlen, you must bear that in mind. We face foes from the south, powerful ones. And now, from within as well. We elves do not face war as humans do, the very act of making it, even without a single death, is anathema to us. It is not our way.

Harlen turned his hand over under hers and clasped her fingers, gently, but firmly. It makes you beautiful. He said.

It makes us weak. Hyandai said, nearly spitting the words. Her expression had changed to one of disdain. We avoid fights, we appease, and we parley. What we do not do, however, is win. In each transaction we loose something, a part of ourselves. Soon, we will have nothing to give, except our lives. Which, by then, will be meaningless.

You believe pacifism wont work? Harlen asked.

She smiled bitterly. Why else was I, untrained in such things, seeking the Ehladrel? She murmured. Pacifism wont work, we have tried it for over two thousand years. Oh, certainly, some humans and others will abide by a non-aggression agreement, but just as often, as soon as it is convenient, or inconvenient, they push again, or openly attack.

Harlen nodded to that, but said nothing, simply stroked her shoulder and hair. 

Hyandai smiled at him. I doubt you wish to speak of my peoples politics. She said. It is something that will either happen or no without you or I taking part in it.

Your concerns are my concerns. Harlen said gently. If it bothers you, you should talk about it, though I am not very conversant in the matter.

Another time, then. Hyandai replied. I have other matters of import on my mind.

She reached up and stroked his stubbly cheek and kissed him. We are in my lands now, Harlen. She said, once again speaking elven. Let us enjoy one another this night as folk of the wood. 

He only understood about two-thirds of what she said, but it was enough to deduce the rest.

Returning her kiss, he began to disrobe her, untying the knots that held her tunic covering her shoulders and breasts. It came free and he sat it upon the platform before bringing his hand back to palm the soft curve of her breast.

The nipple hardened almost instantly and she sighed as he squeezed the soft flesh. She ended the kiss and started kissing his neck and ear while he continued kneading first one then the other mound.

Hyandai turned to face him again, but this time opening her legs to straddle his as she pressed to him, her legs folded at the knee beneath her and he propped against the trees massive trunk. He leaned forward from the trunk while she lifted his tunic off his upper body and ran her cool hands over his chest and arms, enjoying the feel of muscles under her fingertips while biting and kissing his neck and shoulders. Her hair tickled his chin as she moved from one side to the other, and then back.

His own hands did not remain idle, though, and he had untied her skirt and laid it atop her short top. Now she was nude, save her soft boots, which she soon kicked off her feet.

Finally, she scooted back and came up onto her feet in a low squat, unclasping his belt and tugging at his pants while he kicked his own boots off. Once she had removed his trousers, she squatted back down up against him, feeling his swollen cock against her pubic mound and stomach.

She looked down at it, squeezed between their stomachs, and one of her hands followed her gaze.

As she stood up, Harlen followed, not that he had much choice, she had his manhood firmly in her grasp. She kissed and tugged him as she backed to the railing that edged the platform around. She moved to it and felt the smoothly sanded wood on her backside.

Harlen was breathing short now, and thought he knew her intent. He touched her smooth-skinned shoulders and turned her about gently. 

Hyandai grasped the railing with both hands, her knuckles white even in the dim moonlight that filtered through the trees. Her chest lowered to the rail as well, presenting herself to him with her legs apart.

With a slight adjustment of his position, Harlen stood behind her and pushed his organ down toward her entrance, she looked back over her shoulder with a wide smile, her own breathing was also coming in short gasps.

Pushing himself smoothly into her, he enjoyed the feeling her soft insides accommodating him again, smooth and slick, and warm and welcoming. 

Hyandai groaned as he entered her, and he felt the muscles contract slightly in protest to the intrusion. Or was it an embrace of welcome?

Soon, though she was moaning with pleasure as her body learned what was expected of it. Would it always be thus? Harlen wondered. Though he did not really seek an answer. They both were enjoying it, so why bother with such a small detail?

Her moans became slowly more insistent and she was pushing back against him as he went into her.

Harlen was also feeling the sensation of need, of a desire to be with her more thoroughly. He took hold of the curves of her hips and lifted, straightening his legs. Her feet now dangled in the air by several inches, so different were their heights.

He began to enter her more enthusiastically, slamming himself against her backside. Her whole body quivered with each impact and she groaned in time with them. A few moments of this rough and forceful action and she was groaning with a agonizing climax, only moments before Harlens. She was facing into the darkened woods and she cried out her joy while he took his turn to groan as he spent into her, sending his seed deep into her body.

They stayed like that a long moment, he holding her up by her waist and hips, while she laid her body upon the wooden railing. His organ throbbed as she squeezed it, milking every drop of his seed into herself.

Harlen was, frankly, amazed that he had managed to keep his knees straight through that and had not fallen, as they were now quite shaky under him. He lowered Hyandai to the deck and she moved off his impaling cocks shaft, turning about again.

Will we make love every day? She asked, smiling at him, pulling herself to him with her arms and leaning onto his chest.

I dont know for certain. Harlen said. I dont think I would mind, though.

Hyandai yawned mightily, stretching her long arms and legs while arching her back sharply. I fear I am too tired for a second attempt tonight, though, lover, unless you are very eager for one? She asked, her expression quizzical.

Harlen shook his head. Only if you truly want. He replied. We have walked hard and far today and should rest for the morrow.

Folding herself into his arms, Hyandai sighed. We should rest, then, beloved, the morrow shall likely prove itself trying. She said.

They spread out their blankets and then laid within the soft folds, Harlen pressing to her back and enwrapping her protectively with his powerful arms. They laid for a while, lost in their own thoughts, then, eventually, slept.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Awaken, human! A voice ordered. 

It had the clipped cadence that Hyandai had when she had first met Harlen. Oddly, he thought about that for a moment, noticing for the first time that her accent with Westron had become much better than when they had met. strange thing to think about when someone has told you to wake up, he thought. The voice commanding his wakefulness, however, was masculine, and lacked any form of kindness.

He attempted to move only slowly, turning over from Hyandais back and leaving both his arms quite visible. Instinctively, he knew that moving suddenly would get him in very severe trouble.

Harlen opened one eye slowly, seeing four young elven males. They stood some paces from the slumbering couple; bows ready, but not aimed, much to his relief.

Hyandai gasped and clutched the blanket to her chest as she sat up, facing them. A bit of modesty. She bit out in elven, glaring at the four elves in what appeared to be uniforms. 

She had been mostly covered, and sheltered by Harlens bulk from their eyes where they had approached from the hidden crawlway. They had not seen her until she sat up.

Lady Hyandai! The one who had spoken said, his voice higher than even its normal soprano with shock and surprise. 

At that utterance, the other three registered their surprise with widened eyes. In unison, they bowed low, touching their chest to an extended knee. The arrows were back in their quivers a second later, and the four were turning about to face the opposite direction, away from the couple.

I beg forgiveness for disturbing your privacy, lady. The apparent leader said. Had we known it was you and a companion here, we would have called from below.

Harlen understood only a tithe of these words, they were very rapidly spoken and many were sounds he had not heard before. He turned to Hyandai with questioning eyes.

Hyandai dressed rapidly behind the guards, and Harlen joined her in clothing himself at a quick, worried glance from her.

You were doing your job, Evendann. Hyandai said. Forgiveness is given if you think it needed. She turned to Harlen. I am sorry beloved, but I wanted them to find us, that way they were less likely to take action before thought. Especially with us asleep and allowing them to have the element of surprise, they could well afford to be circumspect.

His eyes were somewhat confused, and a bit worried, as well. Lady? Harlen asked. I am used to the people of my land calling you that. But wouldnt that imply status among your people beyond the uniqueness that my people responded to?

Hyandais eyes cast downward. I suppose it would. She said. My father was the Lord of Embalis, before my mother died and that station died with her.

It took a long moment for Harlen to absorb this new information. He looked at Hyandai, and at the suddenly deferential soldiers, then back at her.

Youre noble born? He asked.

Hyandai nodded. As much as elves have nobility, yes. She said, looking very embarrassed. Officially, I no longer have a title, save lady, and that only residual of my mothers position. It is more honorific than title of position, I assure you.

They had finished dressing when Hyandai said. Evendann, please speak in Westron while we are in Master Harlens presence. I am clad, you may turn about.

The soldiers rotated to face them again, eyeing Harlen rather suspiciously, but not hostilely, like they had when they had first awakened him.

Yes, Lady Hyandai. Evendann said, giving with one of those curt nodding bows that Harlen could not master.

Harlen, this is Evendann, an officer of the Guard of Embalis. Hyandai said, indicating the leading elf. One of our finest warriors, I might add.

The leader granted Harlen one of the little head-bows. I am pleased to meet you, Master Harlen. He said. I apologize for my curtness, I was unaware you were here at the will of the lady.

Harlen gave a short bow in return. No apology needed. Harlen said. You did what you would normally when finding a human interloping unbidden in your lands.

However, Lady Hyandai, I must correct one of your statements. Evendann said. I am no longer a officer of the Guard. I command the Guard.

Hyandai blinked a few times. Explain please. She said.

Harlen could hear a bit of authority in her voice. She was used to giving minor commands, and seemed reasonably to expect them to be followed.

Captain Cendiolor defected to the Isolationists two weeks ago, lady. He said. He took almost half the Guard with him.

A moment passed as Hyandai allowed this new information sink in. Almost half? She asked, her eyes full of worry.

Evendann nodded. I am afraid so, lady. He said. We fear their attack will fall upon us very soon.

Hyandai packed her blanket and lifted her pack with the Ehladrel onto her back, then she donned the mottled green cloak that Harlen had made her. Then we have need to move to Embalis hastily, no? She asked.

Indeed, we do, Lady Hyandai. He said. The Isolationists may be patrolling these places even this close to Embalis, and some have even ventured nearly within bowshot of the outbuildings.

All of them retraced the long, winding tunnel down through the tree back to the little room in the base and onto the soft loam of the forest floor. With Harlen and Hyandai in the middle, the four elves took up positions two before them and two behind, spreading to a distance of about five paces, making a rude square. Arrayed as that, they began making their way west and south.

Harlen looked at Hyandai. We need to speak when we can. He said.

Returning his look, Hyandai said. I know.

They moved along at a brisk pace, the guards setting a fairly rapid gait. All of them wore the expression of the very concerned, and watched the surrounding wood with cautious eyes. Their bows were again in their hands and arrows were knocked. Harlen began to draw an arrow, himself, when Hyandai stayed his hand, her head shaking negatively.

No, betrothed. She said. You must not wield arms for now. Her eyes were apologizing pitiably as she spoke. Humans in the wood may not wield them near elves.

Harlen nodded. I understand. He said.

The pace was faster than Harlen first imagined, and they soon came over a low rise in the loamy ground and around a particularly large Ornthalion; before them lay Embalis. The elves did not break stride and they continued into the small valley.

The village consisted of a few low, open-structured buildings built around the bases of ornthalion trees larger than any Harlen had seen yet. As he looked, he could see platforms and catwalks among the tree branches, far above. The woodwork was incredibly detailed, and it was obvious that skilled artisans had worked their craft over most every inch of the structures. They looked almost as much grown as built, seeming to merge directly into the living wood of the tree. He would have many questions for Hyandai about the architecture alone. Geometric shapes, and natural forms were patterned everywhere, leaves, zig-zags, interlocking woven patterns reminescent of Coghlandish knotwork, and even some herringbone patterns, beloved of his own people. Most of the wood was dark, nearly black, which Harlen took to be ornthal wood.

Patches of bright flowers and other colorful plants, including ground-covering shrubs with blue and red leaves covered the idle corners of the valley, and there was a brook bisecting the town, and crossed by several small, elegantly crafted footbridges.

The sunlight penetrated here more brightly than in the deep wood. There were fewer lesser trees about, the ornthalions were the only trees that seemed to not be cultivated for a specific purpose within the village. The sudden brightness was rather taxing to Harlens dimness-adjusted eyes. 

There seemed to be almost no straight lines anywhere, either in the overall design of neither the buildings nor the decoration upon them. Colors were bright, as well, and extravagant.

Elven folk moved about the village, a few dozen of them that Harlen could see. As the six came out of the wood and descended the valleys slope and walked onto a faint path of fine gravel. The folk of the village began to notice them, and several stopped what they were doing to watch the group emerging from the wilds.

It is now your turn to be the one gaped at, Harlen. Hyandai said with a bit of a smile. This far into Windir, few humans are seen, if any. And those are Windy Islanders, when they are seen at all.

The expressions on the elven faces about him ranged from distant curiosity to near hostility. Only a discouraging few of the people were openly friendly, smiling at the sight of a man in their village after all those long years.

With an effort, Harlen kept his head high and his eyes forward. He would not bow his head and humble his race. Somehow, he knew that would be a mistake.

The look on Hyandais face was one of pride as she watched him stand before the intense scrutiny coming from all quarters as they marched toward the center of the village. Harlen towered over everyone around him, and his massive shoulders simply amplified that effect.

Harlens first assessment was somewhat off, however, as the village was larger than he had thought, the mists had hidden fully half of it. Now, neared the villages center, he saw larger, and more ornately decorated structures about. They seemed to be moving directly toward an especially large one.

The Ruling Hall. Hyandai whispered into his ear. Where the Lord and Lady of Embalis will be awaiting. He is Ircandann, and she Melewen. They are good and just persons, Harlen, and wise.

Harlen nodded, his eyes watching all about them, observing the dozens of elves gathering as they approached the large building with all the columns around its periphery. It seemed to have no walls, simply a large roof. As they neared, he saw large curtains that were folded to the inner sides of the columns, which could unfurl to cover the sides to form a more sealed building.

Among the people they passed, he could hear snippets of conversation in elven, of which only a little could be understood by the man. He did hear, several times the words Westron, betrothed, and large. He reached up and touched the long braid that rested beside his face; he often forgot it was there, marking him as a taken man to elven folk.

His eyes went to Hyandai, still walking quietly beside him. She was matching his step; a further indicator that they were together, along with the long braid of his hair in hers, which she wore beside her own face. Harlen was curious about one thing, though, and tried to take her hand. She took it, and held to him firmly, giving him an encouraging smile.

The low murmur increased slightly at that, but not much. It was obvious they were together already, and the handholding was simply a more tactile reminder for Harlen that she was with him and he with her.

A sudden realization came to him about the elven ladies he saw about. They had sharper, more angular faces than Hyandai, some much more so. They were beautiful, he realized, but they were more alien to him than she, unfathomable, unreachable, and unknowable. He looked at his betrothed again, she was more round-featured, and much more lovely in his eyes.

She caught his glance and looked back, her expression somewhat inquisitive.

Youre so beautiful. Harlen said. I love you.

She smiled broadly, her entire face glowing with pleasure at his words. And I love you, my handsome lover. She replied, her eyes suddenly full of warmth, where before they had been rather set and somewhat cold, or perhaps simply thoughtful and reserved.

One of the guards looked back and gave a quick smile, a tacit approval of their romance, Harlen realized. Not all elves were hostile to the intermingling of humans and elves.

The six began climbing the steps at the front of the huge building. A small crowd was gathering at their approach, though they waited quietly at the foot of the stairs. The soldiers stopped at the top, and spread apart, opening a way for the couple. The guard who had smiled at Harlen and Hyandai looked him in the eye again.

Luck be with you. He whispered, giving Harlen a little head-bow.

The chamber formed inside the building was huge, almost two hundred paces deep and a hundred wide. Their soft soled boots made little noise on the white marble floor beneath them, and the ornate painting and woodcarving of the roof reflected in the floor, forming a almost dazzling illusion of walking on glass over a massive deep valley.

Harlen looked ahead and saw a raised dais, only one step, with two large carven thrones atop it. Two figures were seated on the thrones, and a half-dozen more elves standing about those two. Harlen knew a royal throne when he saw it, and knew he was about to be in for a lot of very stressful conversation.

They approached to within ten paces and Hyandai stopped. Harlen was watching her closely, so he stopped, as well. She lowered herself to one knee, with the other leg out almost straight. She bowed until her body was pressed to that leg. Harlen was not at all sure he could quite do that particular bow, but tried his best, managing something reasonably close.

Hyandai suppressed a giggle. Not bad. She whispered. You are too stiff.

The man seated upon one throne was elderly looking, or at least as elderly as any elf he had seen, which was not very. They both seemed to be about forty to his eyes, with some light graying at their temples, and the ladys hair showing white streaks among her dark brown tresses. He had no doubt that they were much, much older.

Their silvern eyes bored into the couple before them. Hyandai. Ircandann said, nodding his head as she rose back to her feet. You have company, despite the edict. He intoned; his voice was rich and had many sub-harmonics to it. Harlen found it sounded almost elven, even though he was speaking Westron. I trust you have good reason for the violation?

Hyandai nodded. Lord Ircandann, without this mans assistance, I would be now dead. She said. I would share Eleeans fate. She lowered her head, as did all the elves in by the thrones. 

Harlen lowered his, as well, out of respect for their ways, and for Eleean.

She pulled her long cloak aside, revealing the Ehladrel behind her shoulder. She removed it from the protective leather case, holding it out before her. I have retrieved the Ehladrel of my clan. She said. The eyes of the assembled elves grew wide upon sighting of this heirloom, including the lord and lady, but only for a short moment.

This too was only achieved with the assistance of my betrothed, Harlen of Morrovale. She said, almost formally. Harlen noted the working of betrothed into that statement. She was making it clear that they were joined.

The lord made a gesture with his hand, and one of the elves around him walked forward and gently took the Ehladrel and case from her. He slipped it back into the case, bowing to Hyandai as he did so. He returned to Ircandanns side and stood silently again.

Ircandann made another gesture, and all the others left the area, walking quickly toward the back of the building, and soon moving out of earshot.

Harlen, I thank you, in the name of all elvenkind for your assistance in this matter. He said, his eyes regarding the human, measuring him against unknown, and perhaps unknowable criterion. However, you find us in dark times, man of Morrovale. We stand at the doorstep of war, a war like none have seen in many millennia in Feldare.

We would welcome you to our land and homes gladly, at any other time. Ircandann said, coming to the meaningful part of the statement. But with what is about to befall, we cannot be certain of anyone.

The look of alarm growing on Hyandais face quickly made Harlen nervous. She licked her lips and, only with great effort, held her tongue. She cast a wary glance at Harlen; her eyes seemed apologetic.

We understand you are betrothed, Hyandai, and we would not stand in the way of matters personal. The elven lord said. But Master Harlen cannot remain among us.

Hyandai leaped at the lull in his words. Then we will leave immediately, my lord. She said; her voice higher pitched than normal, and full of anxiety. I have delivered the Ehladrel to you and the quest is finished.

A sympathetic smile came over the Lady Melewens face. Hyandai, you know that you cannot go. She said.

Alarms went off in Harlens head. They were going to send him home, and Hyandai was not going to be allowed to go with him! He took a single step forward.

Wait a minute. Harlen said, both the elven nobles turned to him, a slight look of surprise on their faces. Neither Hyandai goes with I, or me stay.

Not a bad try. Hyandai thought, smiling with pride in her man.

Master Harlen. Lord Ircandann said. You must understand our position. We are about to go to war, civil war. There is no form of battle so grievous as brother taking up arms against brother. Or friend against friend. The elven noble gave him a long, hard look. As you certainly know.

Hyandai is our finest tactician. Lady Melewen said, picking up Ircandanns line of speech without pause. Though she has never led troops into battle, she is our strategic advisor for the upcoming war, whether she likes or no. We feared we would be facing this foe without her able knowledge and are gladdened that this is not so. Again, we are most thankful.

However. Ircandann said. We cannot have you here when this event befalls. Your mere presence would just drive them into that much more of a frenzy.

Harlen sneered. The people who wish to kill you would wish to kill you deader? He asked.

A narrow smile formed on the nobles mouth. Harlen, while I understand your frustration. He said. The separation will only last the duration of the coming conflict.

Tears were forming in Hyandais eyes. My lord, please. She said. I will be worth nothing to you, strategically, or otherwise, if you send Harlen away, or will not let me go. I have done more than my fair share of the effort, risking my very life, alone in the wilds beyond Windir. Only by fortuitous luck did I happen to come upon a man both able and willing to aid me, and give my heart to his keeping.

Hyandai! Lord Ircandann said, rather sharply. You will accept the needs of your people!

She bowed her head, the tears now falling. Yes my lord. She said, her voice both broken and humbled.

Harlen felt rage and anger well up in himself. His fists clenched tightly and he set his jaw. The new hostility in his eyes was very evident and, naturally, the elven nobles saw it, quite clearly.

Still your anger, Harlen. Ircandann said, raising a placid hand. It will serve no purpose. This decision is immutable and final. He gestured with two fingers and the courtesans approached from the distant quarter of the building they had retreated to.

Nemanth. Ircandann said. Arrange for a honor guard to escort Master Harlen to the border, with all haste. A mounted squad. He turned to Harlen. You can ride, yes?

Harlen nodded. I have some experience with horses, Lord Ircandann, He said, through gritted teeth.

The nobleman nodded. I give you one hour. He said, and they all rose, the entire retinue and the two nobles, and left the couple.

Hyandai sobbed as she fell into his arms. I cannot believe they are doing this! She cried. My chest feels like it will crush inward upon my heart and fell me. It hurts so badly.

Harlen comforted her as best he could, though he was likewise quite distraught, his own chest tight and painful. I can. He said. You said there are three factions. I just met the Monarchists.

She nodded. Truly. She said. Still, to send away the man who helped bring back their only hope. She glared off to where the nobles and their retinue stood near the back corner of the building. It is a foolish move, and me grieving for my betrothed will serve their needs poorly.

Harlen took hold of Hyandais shoulders and looked at her. No. He said. You cannot do this half-heartedly, even if you are under duress. He kissed her brow. You have to win this battle, else you may not live through it, and then I will loose you.

She wiped tears from her cheeks. I should give my best? She asked.

Better than your best. Harlen replied. Give them victory. He forced himself to smile. Then we can be together again.

She nodded. Very well, betrothed. She said. I will give them victory, if it is in my power.

Make it be. Harlen murmured into her hair as he pulled her close to him. 

Tears flowed down her cheeks and she sobbed into his chest for a long while. Her hands clasped the cloth of his tunic and released over and over. After a very long moment, she looked up at him, her eyes resigned and lost.

If Wendy comes back from the hills before I return. She said. Keep her company. You have both my blessing and my encouragement. She is a good woman. 

Harlen shook his head. I thought that it was never to be one of us alone. He said.

She smiled up at him. That is a rule for her, SHE is not to seek us alone. Hyandai explained. If we wish it, we can do so, especially with the others blessing, which you now have. Tears were still waiting to fall, but she had stopped them for now. You both seem to like one another, and you should enjoy the others company in my absence. Her eyes grew more deeply green for a moment. I shall catch up when I return, trust me. She said, her voice darker and huskier than normal. Then you will both be my personal playthings until I am sated.

Hyandais normal expression returned, though still saddened and near to tears. Harlen, please, be careful. She said, kissing him deeply. The kiss lasted a long moment, then they pulled apart as the nobles returned, with their entourage, and a half dozen elven warriors, dressed similarly to the ones who had brought them to town, in close fitting leather armor, and shorter cloaks.

Be watchful, my love. Harlen said as she stepped back. I am going home, youre the one staying in a foreign land. He looked at all the slanted elven eyes about him. Most of them were full of sympathy, but a few were cold and uncaring of the lovers dilemma. Luckily, none of the soldiers seemed to be of the latter sort.

I am Cendran, I will be leading your escort, Master Harlen. He said. He performed a head-bow and then extended his hand, human-fashion. Harlen was surprised at the strength of the elfs grip. These riders were taller and broader built than most of their kindred, probably selected for cavalry due to those facts. Cendran was almost six feet in height, and well muscled. 

Hyandai was led away by Lady Melewen and two other women. She constantly turned about, though, watching Harlen with eyes full of tears. Finally, Harlen could no longer take stand the wrenching on his chest.

Lead me to the horses, Cendran, please, I must get away before I change my mind and get myself into trouble. Harlen said.

Cendran nodded with understanding marking his face. Of course, Master Harlen.

They led him to the outer perimeter of the massive chamber, then down to seven horses, all fine beasts, lean and powerful. They wore mottled green cloth covers over their white and brown markings. Camouflage, Harlen realized.

We will be riding very fast and hard, Master Harlen. Cendran said. We are commanded to have you to the river by dark.

Harlen nodded. He glanced over and saw Hyandai being led up a stair that wound about one of the Ornthalion trees. Soon she was lost to his sight as she climbed up and around the massive trunk. Before her form passed out of sight, she gave him one last, long look, and then bowed her head and walked from view.

Of course. Harlen said, turning to Cendran. 

---

The trip was a fast one, as promised. These horses were quick, Harlen soon realized. He wondered how they bred horses that could make such speed upon loamy soil and rough ground. Regardless, these beasts did so, galloping at a speed that was both exhilarating and frightening. They tore through clearings, and vaulted over shrubbery that Harlen would have sworn too high and deep to clear, but the horses made little of it, or the burden of a grown human.

It was not for over half the trip that Harlen realized that they were not simply riding, but two of the horsemen were chanting as they went, quietly, but chanting. The horses were under a spell, or multiple spells. After almost five hours they had covered the entire distance between Embalis and the ford. The elves stopped at the ford, Cendran riding up beside Harlen.

Value my words as you will, Harlen. Cendran said. I think the lords make a mistake sending you away, as do many others. He smiled at the human. At the very least, you would be another strong arm against the traitors.

The other five horsemen nodded their individual assents. Saluting Harlen with a hand across their chest, laid flat, and bowing their heads.

Take the horse, Harlen. Cendran said. My own gift to you for your assistance in recovering the Ehladrel.  His face grew very serious. Without that gift, what little hope we now have would not be. I would thank you for helping return the Lady Hyandai to us, but your trothplait speaks of thanks and blessings I could never match. The other riders chuckled slightly at that, along with Cendrans broad smile.

Harlen smiled and patted the horses neck. Does he have a name? He asked the rider.

Cendran chuckled. Yes, but he has not told it to me. He said. Perhaps he will tell you.

Harlen chuckled, as well. I thank you for the beast, then, Cendran. He said. He is a fine animal, I will care for him well.

A moment passed, and Harlen felt it was time for farewell. Cendran, please do me a favor.

If it be in my power, Master Harlen, it will be done. The elf said.

Watch over Hyandai for me. Harlen said. I will not be able to live without her.

Cendran saluted. It will be done. He said. My men and I will protect her with our very lives. The other five nodded assent as well, murmuring agreement in both Westron and elven.

Oh. Harlen said, holding out the soft leather pouch with the mock Ehladrel in it. Please give this to Hyandai, she needs to find a young would-be blade dancer to gift it to.

Cendran took it with a smile, and looked at it. Well crafted, Harlen. He said, grinning. A young lad or lass will treasure it, especially knowing human hands wrought it.

Harlen had never thought that elves might value human produced items of quality in the same way humans valued the elven products.

Then me thank you and hope to see all of you soon, after a grievous victory. Harlen intoned, in passable elven.

The elves smiled and wheeled their mounts about. Harlen had no doubt they would watch from the wood until he rode out of sight toward Morrovale.

He was unsure what to do. He was not even sure he could find Embalis again without a guide. He guided the horse across the river, crossing the ford easily with the mounts powerful swimming. The horse seemed a bit out of place, and nervous in the rather open terrain it now traversed as it crossed through the ruins of Markhams Ford. He looked back at Windir, the thought came to him again to ride back into the wood and find Embalis and steal Hyandai from them. It was just as quickly discarded.

No. He would have to play the elven game to have his elven woman. He now saw the plight of their love and the risks it would have to endure. He rode onward, at a slow trot. He would be in Morrovale before midnight with the aid of the horse. His heart felt like it was being wrenched from his chest as the distance between him and his beloved increased.

Harlen set his jaw sternly and rode hard for the village. Determined to get the moving over and done.

Just before midnight, he tied the horses reigns at a post outside the Pierced Boar. You stay put Numessa. He said, stroking the muzzle of the beast. The beast snorted slightly and began drinking the water in the trough before the post.

He walked into the tavern, and found it lightly populated, just a few of the die hard drinkers. Harlen! Called Tammer. Welcome back, and sooner than I had thought.

A second later, he stopped smiling at his former apprentice. Oh, damn. He said, quietly. He walked up and patted Harlens shoulder. What happened son? He said.

Tammer. Harlen said. They made her stay and made me leave, until some sort of dispute is settled.

Tammer nodded. But she will be coming back? He said, hopefully.

Harlen nodded dejectedly. Yes. He said. After the battle.

Battle? Tammer said, looking at Harlen askance. Whats that about?

Theres going to be a civil war, between Hyandais village and some rogue elven isolationists. Harlen explained.

May the One Protect. Tammer said, his voice distant. Theres never been anything like that Ive ever heard of.

There is, or so Hyandai says. Harlen said. When the dark elves split from the elves of the surface, thousands of years ago.

Shit. Tammer muttered. Thats just bloody wonderful.

Give me a bottle of rum, Tammer, and a shot glass, and beer. Harlen said, glowering at his idle hands. And keep the beer flowing.

Tammer nodded and fetched the requested spirits.

Harlen looked down at the shot glass of brown liquid, and at the bottle of even more of it, and at the tall mug of beer. Well, this will have to do, wont it? He asked himself.

********** Authors Notes **********

I would like to thank all the readers of The Solitary Arrow for their ongoing commentary and criticism regarding this work. I am constantly striving to better the quality of this tale and welcome all constructive criticism, suggestions, and corrections. (EDIT 1.0)