Eames pounded on the back door of a nondescript building in the business district of town. He was in a beige suit and a loud orange shirt and hadn't bothered to shave that morning. He had just arrived in Trenton, and he was supposed to meet Miss KissMeKate.

A brunette with a nose ring and a thick leather choker opened the door cautiously. "Yeah?"

"My friend Lookout said I could meet Miss KissMeKate here," Eames replied, giving the girl his most charming smile. "It's about a job."

"Yeah. That's me. Lookout's a solid."

Eames smiled even wider as she let him in. "That he is. Thanks for seeing me," he said, shaking her hand and letting her lead him through the meandering hallways.

"Got a handle, friend?"

"Nothing official," he said with a smile. "Wanna give me a name?"

The brunette snorted. "I'm not buying your Kool-Aid, no matter how hot the accent is," she said, wagging a finger at him. "Sit your ass down and start talking about this job."

"Ooh. Formidable," Eames remarked as he sat down in the indicated chair. She sat down across from him, and he noted that she was closest to the door. Smart girl. "Look, Kate. Can I call you Kate? I don't even know what else to call you."

"It's my actual name," she said with a half smile. "Go on."

"All right. Kate. I'm working on a job tracking these missing players down."

She just managed to keep her jaw from dropping. "You're a Fed."

"Fuck no," Eames replied honestly. "Do I sound like a Fed to you?"

"You got a point," she agreed reluctantly. She drummed her fingers on the tabletop. "So who hired you?"

"Someone who'd rather be nameless for the moment, or else his head might be on the chopping block next."

Kate nodded. "I feel that. Is your boss man a dick?"

"The usual kind," Eames replied with a shrug. "Why?"

Kate pursed her lips. "Listen. This is Carducci territory, Nameless. If I see any of this going down on the Network, I'm siccing them on your ass so hard you won't know what hit you. And they'd take out Lookout on the way."

"I know how it is," Eames said with a nod. "Look, my friend Lookout pointed me your way not to upset your gig, but to do me a favor. I owe him pretty fucking big for this, but it's worth it, because I think whoever snatched up these guys snatched up a friend of mine."

"Oh."

"Yeah. Oh. Look, whatever you can tell me would be great. I'm just hoping I find her in time, you know? The reports on the Network make it seem like she's probably dead, but I don't want that to be true. I can't give up like that."

"I'm sorry, man," Katie said, wincing in sympathy. She leaned back in her seat, shoulders slumped slightly. "Nathan's an asshole, but I didn't want him dead, you know? I just wanted a new job somewhere."

"What happened?"

"I think he was doing something to the sleepers." Kate brought her hand up to her mouth, the elbow of that arm perched on the arm of the chair. She looked at a point just past Eames' ears. "The Carduccis run a pretty good show, all things considered. It's neat, it's smooth, odds are you go home at night and no one's going to slit your throat. Security up the yin yang, making sure the investments don't walk. You know?" Eames nodded. "But the sleepers... It bothered me, how they couldn't stand Nathan and couldn't say why. I'm the company forger, right? And I couldn't find anyone worth a damn to forge for. They were locked behind barriers or something," Kate said, gesturing wildly. Eames nodded encouragingly, letting her take her time. "I'd been talking with the mod on the boards about getting me into other locked forums. You know, 'cause it sucks to be called a noob just because you got questions. He seemed nice enough to do that, and so with the shit down in the lab, I asked if there was a board for that. He asked me what I thought was happening, I told him. He unlocked a few more boards for me, I got a hookup into another lab part time. If they get more sleepers, I might just jump ship."

Eames frowned when she trailed off. "How long did all that take?"

"Maybe three months? I don't know. Nathan's always been a prick. Copping feels while I'm out, making like I should be fucking grateful to have a job at this lab. I got hired because I'm a good forger, not because I sucked him off, okay?"

Eames held up his hands in surrender. "Didn't say a word, sweetheart. You've got to be good if you're recommended by the Carduccis, right?"

Kate nodded, appeased. "Right. Exactly. Fucker didn't think so. But after a while his attention wandered, right? And that's when the sleepers really started acting funny. Same two or three, too. And then four days ago, he just disappeared."

"Any idea where he might be?"

"He met up with someone here, I know that."

"What? What happened?"

"There's security footage. I told you, Carducci property's protected," she said, catching Eames' startled expression. "They take this shit seriously. Barker and I went through it when he wasn't there after the session ended. We locked up tight, and Nathan was still gone. It's not like him. He likes lording it over us that he's the top dog as far as the Carduccis are concerned, you know?"

"Grade A asshole," Eames guessed.

"Got it in one," Kate agreed, nodding. "So we check the footage on the building when we realize all his stuff is still in his office. He plays like this is a legit place, like his other office, you know? Like he's better than all of us. All his shit's there, looking like he's ready to go through with a meeting with a new sleeper. But we don't see him, don't see any new sleeper client. We check the tapes, and he met someone at the back door where I got you. Not a surprise, but then after a while he steps out. Then he goes beyond where the camera sees and he just doesn't come back."

Eames blinked. "So he just left?"

"Yeah. Weird as all hell."

It didn't match the usual profile of the Dream Killer, but everything else about the victim matched. "You think something weird happened, don't you?"

"Yeah. And you do, too."

"It's much too similar to the other guys that I've been looking into," Eames agreed. "So no one's heard anything?"

"Nothing. His cell was in the office. He left with nothing."

Eames blew out a breath. He had hoped for more, but nothing would be forthcoming, then. No messages left, no indication of what the Dream Killer even looked like, no reason why this one would be different. "Who'd he meet when he left?"

"Looked like a couple," Kate shrugged. "I didn't see them, but I didn't expect to. It happens, you know? It's not like he could keep an appointment book."

He laughed a little at that, aware that there was nothing to go on. Dammit. "Did he keep an appointment book?"

"On his crackberry," Kate replied. "It's still in his desk drawer. I didn't touch it in case the Feds figure it out." She paused. "You know they're on the Network?"

"I heard," Eames said dryly. "Has chatter gone down a lot, then?"

"Hell, yeah. It's still the best one out there, but still. Ghost is checking out everybody, though. Once you've been cleared of all connections, you get bumped into different forum levels."

"Doesn't that pinpoint where the leak is?"

"Maybe. But shouldn't we know who squealed?"

Eames shrugged, wondering if Yusuf's days on the Network were numbered. "What if they pressured him or something? Or her," he said, indicating Kate with deference. "The Feds are right bastards sometimes, and they've got ways."

Kate sighed. "I suppose. I know I wouldn't want to go to prison for a dozen years."

"Hey. Hang onto my number, all right? Maybe I've got some real work on the way." He pulled his wallet out of the back of his pants. "In the meantime..."

"Hey, now..."

Eames slapped two hundred dollar bills onto the table. "I took up your time. I was honest when I said this was about a job." He stood up. "It's good to know someone up this way. You never know when you might need some particular skill sets."

Kate pocketed the money without further protest. "If the money's right, sure. I know some people, too, if you need to get a team together. Just saying."

Smiling at her, Eames nodded. "Understood."

Kate paused at the back door after Eames descended the stairs. "Hey, Nameless. Good luck with your friend. I hope she's okay."

Eames gave her a sad smile. "I hope so, too."
***
Saito called Eames an hour later. "Where are you?"

"I tracked down a lead in Trenton."

"How fortuitous," he said in arch tones. "Cobb had sent a team there to investigate a missing employee of Delta Tech. Have you heard of those labs?"

"Impeccable reputation, if I recall correctly. They're a national chain."

"Precisely. You do recall correctly." Saito sounded amused, and Eames wondered if he knew that Eames had decided to go native, so to speak. "There's a body found in a park. It's nowhere near Delta Tech, and the identification on the body belongs to Nathan Bruss."

"The missing employee," Eames said with a sigh.

"You are quite well informed."

Eames sighed again. "Are there local forensics or FBI forensics on site?"

"FBI, of course. I would appreciate it if you could make contact with them. I'm afraid Cobb was unaware of this particular missing person until yesterday, and there had been a dead end in his team's line of questioning." Eames winced at the carefully measured tones. Cobb was going to have his ass handed to him for this one, and especially since Ariadne still hadn't been found. He was going to have to leave the country to avoid this blowout.

"Of course, Assistant Director," Eames said carefully.

"I see now why you came so highly recommended by your Superintendent Mayhew."

"Always glad to be of service," Eames said tightly, nodding even though Saito couldn't see him. "I'll head over to the investigation now."

"Find this bastard and nail his balls to the wall," Saito said as a closing.

"That's the plan."
***
Ariadne was lying on the bed in the motel room, staring at the ceiling as Arthur slept beside her. She rubbed at the marks on her arm from the multiple PASIV trips into the dreamscape. She looked like a junkie, and was starting to feel as if she was one. She hadn't enjoyed killing Nathan Bruss, but it had been necessary.

Okay, that was a lie. For a few fleeting seconds, killing him had been wonderful.

She had felt powerful, she had felt as if somehow that one moment had counteracted all the horrible things she had done to him. In that one moment of his death, all the terrible feelings she had were erased. She had felt complete somehow, as if it truly had been her destiny to get to this point, as if everything Arthur had said was right.

And then the high crashed, and she felt awful again.

She curled onto her other side, facing Arthur. Once again, she was faced with the obvious choices: stay with him and continue on this path, or run and return to how things were before he had taken her from her apartment.

But there was no going back now, was there? She knew too much, had done too much. She was a part of this now, as guilty and as invested as Arthur was himself.

Ariadne ran her cold fingers down Arthur's bare shoulder and watched him shiver in his sleep. She kept her eyes on his face as she continued to run her fingers down his arm, watching his brows shift. She wondered what he was dreaming, if he dreamt true dreams anymore. Longterm PASIV users tended to lose the ability to dream freely, and often all they had left were fragments of jobs and other peoples' projections floating through their minds. She wondered if he remembered all the names and faces of the victims.

Then again, who were the victims he should remember, the ones he killed or the ones that they had violated?

Ariadne shifted herself closer to him, feeling shivers wrack her body. Arthur clutched her close in his sleep, hands running along her back as if to reassure himself even in sleep that she was still there and hadn't run.

She didn't examine her reasons too closely. She wasn't sure she would like what she found.

Ariadne didn't realize she was crying until Arthur nuzzled her neck and whispered "Don't cry, Ariadne," in a sleepy tone of voice. He rolled over onto his back, pulling her on top of him. "It's gonna be okay," he whispered, holding her close. His steady heartbeat was soothing, and her tears slowed. "We'll be together. No matter what happens, you know it's going to be all right, because we're together."

She picked up her head and looked into his sleepy eyes. He looked so unguarded, so young. There wasn't any cold calculation in his eyes, no judgment, no sign that he was a ruthless killer when he put his mind to it. "What have I become, Arthur? What am I doing?"

He brushed her hair away, tucking it behind her ear. He smiled at her, calm and sure. "You are wonderful. It's not an easy thing we're doing, you know. It's not a simple little thing. It stays with you. I don't think I'd love you this much if it didn't."

"Why doesn't it affect you like this?"

"It did," he murmured, brushing the back of his fingers over her cheek. "It used to make me nauseous, and with the first one I'd throw up after every session. I dropped almost twenty pounds. I looked like a ghost." His gaze was unfocused as he remembered. "He said I looked like his favorite type to pick up, that sick, lost look. That I'd be easy to break." His gaze focused on Ariadne's pale face. "I thought of all those other boys he'd gone after, and there were some that killed themselves because of what he had done. I just reacted, and then it was over. I don't find joy in this, Ariadne. I don't get off on this, not like you seem to think."

She flushed slightly. "This is hard for me, Arthur. I can't just pretend it doesn't bother me."

"I don't ask you to. I just ask you to trust me."

"I do."

He pulled her down for a soft kiss. "You miss your friends."

"Yeah. I wish... I wish I could tell them I'm okay."

Arthur gave her a soft smile. "In the morning, I'll send your friend Eames a message through the Network. How's that?"

Ariadne snorted. "You just want to wind him up and see how he runs around in circles."

"He's your friend, Ariadne. He's important to you, and I know he's out there somewhere worried about you." He stroked her face and pulled her down to rest against his chest again. "I'll just send him a message that you're all right, so he won't worry. I promise I won't antagonize him."

"Thank you."

Arthur kissed the top of her head. "Sleep, Ari. It'll look better in the morning, I promise."
***
To: Eames
From: Ghost
Subject: In the Labyrinth

Our mutual friend is doing well. She is flourishing under my care, so there is no need to worry on that account. She is whole now, and doesn't have to hide all the different facets of who she can really be.

Interesting interview on the local news. We just missed each other by miles.

Take care of yourself, if only for her sake.

***
Eames found himself shaking so much he didn't think it was safe to shave, even with a safety razor. He had left his laptop on when he had crashed in the hotel room the night before, and the little envelope in the systray of his screen indicated new messages. He had thought perhaps it was Yusuf, Max or Mayhew with a lead. God forbid it be Cobb with a missive where he needed Eames to help him. Saito would wait for a phone call.

He didn't expect it to be Ghost himself.

He was here, Eames thought, watching his hands shake. He stayed to watch the havoc on the news, and he was here. Ariadne might have been here, too. He felt almost detached from his body. This wasn't real somehow. He was still under in a dream, and this was all a nightmare he would have to wake up from. Holding his breath, he dug into his trouser pockets for his totem. It felt the same, and it was a comfortable, familiar weight. He flipped the poker chip, and it fell onto the table next to his laptop with a familiar rattle.

It was disturbing how unreal reality felt.

He tried to reply to the message, but it bounced back at him as undeliverable, address not found. "Fuck," he said aloud, staring at his screen.

How do you find a ghost that refused to be found? Their trap should have worked, they should have drawn him out. It shouldn't have made him take Ariadne. It shouldn't have made him think to look at the FBI. There was something he was missing, something he simply couldn't see.

Eames balled his hands into fists. What did the fucker want? What was it about Ariadne that he simply had to have? She was alive, he could count on that. Ghost wouldn't taunt him about that if it wasn't true. If there was one thing the Dream Killer was, it was precise.

His cell phone trilled, and he answered it without thinking. "What?"

There was a slight unsettled pause at the other end of the line. "Inspector Eames? It's Mallorie Cobb from Quantico."

"Oh. Agent Cobb. Sorry about that. I just woke up a bit ago," he lied. "I was up late going over the files here. I think I'm missing something."

"There was that single hair you found on the body in Trenton," Mal said in even, accented tones. It was calming, and Eames found his hands not shaking quite so much as he paged through the files on his desk. "It still had a follicle, so I ran a profile scan. It belongs to a female. The Dream Killer could be a woman, and the team is going about this all wrong."

Eames nearly fell out of his chair. "Wait. Wait, before you talk to SAC Cobb about this, I need you to run another scan, comparing the hair against it."

"Do you have a sample?" Mal asked. He could hear the confusion in her voice. "Where did you get it?"

"I'll be back in DC in a few hours. Can you wait until tomorrow to tell the SAC about this?" Eames asked, yanking on his trousers and starting to throw everything haphazardly back into his overnight bag. He could speed down I-95 if he had to. He had his badge and the permissions from AD Saito to do what he needed to do within reason.

"He knows I found something, Inspector Eames. He's not patient."

"No, he's not," Eames admitted. "But I think the Dream Killer is messing about with our heads, Agent Cobb." Where was his shirt? He ducked his head under the bed and around the armchair in the corner. There it was. "I think that's Ariadne's hair. I think he's playing with us."

"I can possibly get a warrant to go into her apartment and try to find her hairbrush," Mal offered.

"Don't bother with the warrant. Yusuf and I have a key. Talk to Yusuf, tell him I said it's all right to give it to you. I should be there tonight."

"Why do you have keys to her apartment?" Mal asked in arch tones.

"We were friends," Eames said shortly, buttoning up the shirt with jerky motions. He shut down his laptop and stowed it in his bag. "We're watering her plant and collecting mail. We're also checking to see if the Dream Killer does anything to the apartment."

"I'll talk to him," Mal said, voice softening. "Don't kill yourself getting down here. It'll take a few hours to run the PCR on the hair samples, then to compare them."

"I'll be there when I get there."

Eames hung up and did a last sweep of the hotel room to be sure he didn't forget anything. He scooped up his poker chip and stuck it back in his pocket. Fuck reality. Right now he could use a nice, relaxing dream where the Dream Killer was strung up by his heels and kept from killing anyone ever again.
***
***