Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 11 - Severance Package (Part 1)

About a month later, when the time came to expect another dare request from Lucy, I didn't have anything lined up. Nothing like the spectacular history club dare I had given her last month. I was still anticipating it though, hoping to prove my theory that her urges followed some sort of biorhythmic pattern. I already deduced that something within her shut down in the winter and heated back up in the spring. It followed the seasons. With the calendar turning to May, I expected her to come to me any day now. But she confounded me with silence.

Maybe I had gone too far with her last dare? Had the humiliation been too much? Was it scaring her off? The rumors had been swirling at her school ever since her performance. Every boy in the history club had spread his own account of Lucy's mostly naked slave girl show. I'm sure she had to field many embarrassing and teasing questions from her classmates after that. But the stories got jumbled and twisted until they sounded more like speculation and rumor. And, as rumors tend to do, each retelling tended to come with exaggerated embellishments until it was so fantastical that no one really believed it had happened.

Lucy's humiliating performance faded into a schoolyard legend, only truly known by the seven boys who had been there. And since I had stolen the video tape, the only other evidence was the pictures Mr. Clark had taken. And at that time, I didn't know what had happened to them. I did have one guess. Every year, on the history department's page of the yearbook, there was a section about the contest along with a picture of the winners costume as well as a history club group photo. I thought it would be hilarious if a naked picture of Lucy somehow made it into her sixth-grade yearbook. But I wouldn't know anything until the they were released on the last day of school.

There was one other factor that I strongly suspected of keeping her from asking for another dare. Last month, I had added a major new requirement. Once she uttered those two fateful words to me, she was not allowed to pleasure herself for the duration of the dare. After last time, perhaps she was reluctant to hand over so much power without knowing when she would get it back. I knew for a fact that type of uncertainty drove her crazy.

I reckoned she would come to me around the one-month anniversary of her previous dare. But she did nothing of the sort and avoided me all that evening. But from that point on, I paid close attention to her and started to detect signs of her itch returning. She started to act kind of strange. She stopped eating and was antsy all the time. I caught her eyeing me up more than once. I think she was trying to hold out and resist the temptation to ask me for a dare even as the withdrawal took its toll on her system. As hard as she tried not to give in, I doubted it would work.

I also strongly suspected she was blowing off steam every night in an attempt to stave off the urge. But from experience, I knew that strategy was doomed. She would get no real quality diamonds that way. It was only a matter of time before, perhaps in a moment of weakness, she would come to me asking for help.

Life was far from paused while I waited, though. I had made the basketball team. As a seventh grader, I never got any playing time. But the practices were fun. I had also turned 14 and made an utter fool of myself in front of a girl I liked. That was a first for me, but by no means my last time.

Her name was Rebecca Foster and she was my first real girl crush. She was popular and beautiful, and I figured I had no chance with her. I had no game and no confidence when it came to girls. But when she found out I was on the basketball team, I guess she decided to give me a chance and agreed when I nervously asked if she wanted to be my girlfriend. We weren't really old enough for dating or anything, but we did hold hands in the school hallways all that week.

Then, that Friday, we stood outside the school to say our goodbyes for the weekend. Thats when disaster struck. She said she would miss me, and I somehow picked up her strong hints that she wanted a goodbye kiss! But stupid me, when I went in to kiss her, for some reason, my hands automatically reached up and grabbed her boobs! I swear, I have no idea where that came from! But she immediately broke off the kiss and slapped me hard across the face. That was the end of my girlfriend adventures for the rest of the school year.

I suppose there is one other thing worth mentioning. Somehow, I got roped into being our family's clothing police. Lucy really hated being cold. But as the weather got warmer, she started wearing less and less. She was like a snake shedding the layers she had depended on to stay warm through the winter and spring. And now with summer fast approaching, she just wanted to let her skin breathe and soak up the sunshine.

Unfortunately, school wasn't out for summer just yet. And some of her chosen outfits certainly did not meet the school's dress code. More than once I caught her walking out the door in a too short skirt and made her go back and put on tights or leggings. And she particularly seemed to enjoy the fact that she was growing an actual cleavage. She loved to wear loose neck tops which would flash her entire bra and more whenever she bent over. Several times, I had to make her put a light sweater or extra shirt on.

But it wasn't just Lucy with wardrobe problems. One day, I was camped out by the front door waiting to see what outrageous outfit she had picked out when mom came out to leave for work. At first, I thought I was imagining things. But it was not my imagination. Mom was wearing a dark colored silk top with no bra or slip underneath. She was usually so self-conscious about her oversized breasts and typically wore clothes to de-emphasize their mass.

The sight didn't bother me. I mean, I had seen breasts before. I had even sucked on her breasts when I was a baby. More concerning to me, it was completely inappropriate for a business setting and out of character for her.

"Uh, Mom?" I asked, "You sure you want to wear that to work? I mean, I can kinda see your boobs. Shouldn't you at least put on a bra?"

"Benny told me to wear it like this today. He said it looks better without a bra." was her strange robotic response.

Benny? Since when did she start calling her boss by his first name? And when do bosses get to decide what you wear? And what boss tells his female employee not to wear a bra to work?! But she was such a pushover. People were always taking advantage of that fact. I had to stick up for her.

"I don't think so," I replied, "At least go put a bra on."

About then Lucy came down about to head to school in a crop top and I had to intercept her. The next day was even more outrageous. Mom came out in a blazer top with nothing underneath. Not even a blouse! Only two buttons separated her massive boobs from total exposure. Lucy came down in a white tee shirt with no bra on. What is it with these girls? Are the allergic to underwear? Anyway, that's how I spent my mornings. Guarding the front door to make sure one or both of my female family members didn't leave the house in something that would get them into trouble.

Whenever I questioned mom about it, she always said it was Benny's idea. I was agreeing with my Aunt Julie more and more every day that Benny really was a first-class scumbag pig. When mom came home that Friday evening, I knew something had to change.

Instead of looking forward to a stress-free weekend like most employees, mom said Benny was planning a luau for some clients the next day and she was required to attend. She went to her room and came out in the costume he had provided for her. It was ridiculous!

The entire outfit was nothing more than a coconut bra and grass skirt along with a flower lei. Only they didn't make coconuts big enough to hold mom's massive mammaries. her breasts bulged out obscenely in every direction around the coconut halves. The grass skirt was even worse. It was super short, more like a grass tutu. And of course, he had told her not to wear anything underneath.

For someone in their mid-thirties, mom was objectively a gorgeous woman. She attracted more than her share of men and could have had her pick of them. But she had no confidence. I think dad might have had something to do with that. He had shattered her self-esteem and made it so she didn't trust men enough to form a meaningful relationship.

Even with her butt hanging out the back and her breasts threatening to escape their confines, she was not ashamed for me to see her. I think she saw me as an ally, one of the few people in her life who had her back and wouldn't hurt her. And she was right. I had to put my foot down. Authority was the only thing she would listen to.

This was a long time coming and it was time somebody stood up to Benny. It went beyond just making her work overtime on occasion. He had manipulated and twisted her mind into pretzels. He could probably announce some ridiculous new policy like "Topless Thursdays" and mom would comply without question.

The supposed "business trips" really brought out the worst in him. I had overheard some of her phone conversations with Aunt Julie complaining about those trips. Under the auspices of having to save money, he always got only one hotel room, with one bed. I didn't want to think about what all he had made her do on those trips.

"Mom, you're not going to that luau." I said with as much authority as I could muster. She nodded then stood there like a lost puppy, waiting for me to tell her what to do next. She looked so tired, more than usual. The stress of working for Benny was wringing the life out of her. Something had to give.

I remember hearing Aunt Julie advising her to start collecting evidence of his wrongdoings after a particularly horrendous experience last Halloween. I asked mom to tell me if she had anything like that. I know that sounds a lot like blackmail, but I didn't know what else to do.

She said "no", but she did know where he kept the key to the files in his desk at work. There had to be a ton of evidence there. That sounded like a good place to start, but mom didn't want to do it. It meant risking her job and she was worried about money. We were already so deep in debt. Lucy, in particular, had expensive tastes and was constantly wringing money out of mom for new clothes and stuff. And mom was such a pushover, she always gave in even if it meant not paying a bill that month.

If she lost her job, she feared we might have to sell the house, our only remaining thing of real value. I told her it was foolish to cling to a job that she hated and was not rewarding, emotionally or financially. It just wasn't worth it. I assured her we would find a way to make things work. We could cut back our expenses and I could control Lucy's egregious spending habits. I could even get a part-time job to help out. It was high time for me to step up and pull my own weight anyway.

My speech and offers to help carry the burden of our family's finances emboldened her greatly. She agreed to snoop around his files and make copies of anything she found that looked suspicious. She admitted today was a good time to do it since Benny would be busy at the luau. She walked confidently out the door, ready to head straight to the office and ruin her corrupt boss. There was only one problem. She was still dressed in nothing but her ridiculously skimpy luau costume! I had to catch her at the car and make her go back in and change first. Man, that woman's brain was really fried! perhaps a break from work would do her some good. What she really needed was a vacation

She returned a few hours later and laid out what she had found. I didn't really understand it, but she said it was clear evidence of something called "embezzlement". He was skimming money off every deal he and mom closed, cheating both his clients and his employer in the process. It sounded like the files she had copied were perfect! There was only one problem. Her name and signature were all over those pages, just as many times as Benny. That was his insurance plan. Mom couldn't blow the whistle because she would be in just as much trouble as him, even though she had never received a penny of the stolen funds.

Benny had devised a clever deterrent. He had turned a beautiful and pliant woman into his personal plaything. He exploited her in every way knowing she would never confront him on her own. He would have been content to keep wringing everything from her until there was nothing left. But he had not accounted for me! I was strong-willed and motivated to protect my mom and free her from his clutches.

He couldn't intimidate me. And I suspected he wasn't really willing to go to jail. He would fold if she confronted him and showed how desperate she really was; that she had nothing to lose, and he better cut a deal with her or face the consequences. I only hoped mom was up to the task.


Dare Me - Chapter 11 - Severance Package (Part 2)

I kept the phone unplugged all weekend so Benny couldn't get to her, and made mom practice her delivery of the evidence. I played the role of Benny. I knew it would be hard for her since she was not good at confrontation; thus, the practice. I had no idea how he would react, but I tried to verbally manipulate her in every way I could imagine. By Sunday evening she had accepted that fact that, by doing this, she was burning bridges. Her job was already a lost cause. That freed her to be more ruthless and parry every attempt at intimidation.

I couldn't concentrate and didn't learn anything at school the following Monday. Mom was supposed to confront Benny that afternoon. I started to get scared. What if the plan backfired? What if I got home and discovered that mom had been arrested and was going to prison? Lucy and I would be sent to live with Aunt Julie and my cousin whom I had only met a couple times.

I was so worked up, I pedaled hard the whole way home expecting the house to be surrounded by cop cars and police tape like in the movies. But there was nothing out of place when I arrived. Finally, around 6:30, mom's car pulled into the driveway, only a little later than usual.

She looked like she had gone ten rounds in a heavyweight boxing match - an emotional one, not a physical one. But she was smiling and had a look of relief on her face. I think she was glad to finally be freed from that miserable job.

She sat down at the kitchen table and told an abbreviated account of what happened. Benny was furious and had rained down all manner of insults and accusations upon her. But she held her ground. Eventually, when he saw he wasn't going to cow her into submission, he made her an offer.

He called it a severance package. She would resign from her job immediately and return all the files she had copied. Their working relationship would be terminated, and she must never tell a soul what she knew of his wrongdoings. Then he pulled out an envelope of cash from a safe in his wall and offered it to her, in exchange for her silence.

Mom pulled it out of her purse to show us that she had accepted the deal. Inside was a big stack of money! I had never seen so much in one place before. I felt like a millionaire! Lucy also squealed with delight when she saw it. I'm sure she immediately started dreaming up all the things she could buy with it. We helped her count it up, a mix of twenties and hundreds, and found it came to just over $12,000!

We listened in as Mom called Aunt Julie to tell her the exciting news. She was overjoyed to hear how mom had finally made that "scumbag pig" squeal. She also had some good advice to offer. Mom was worried about finding another job, but she told her to stop and enjoy the break. There were always sales jobs available for smart, attractive women, she told her. I had to agree. Mom needed to rest and recharge. The bills could wait.

Aunt Julie wasn't exactly a financial guru, but she did have some strong opinions on what to do with the severance package. She suggested lottery tickets, or a casino could really turn it into a jackpot. But that didn't sound very fun to me. I was more intrigued by her suggestion of a family vacation. She said mom should pull Lucy and I out of school for a couple weeks and get away.

That's how our first ever Jenkins Family Vacation was born. I liked the sound of a couple weeks off school and Lucy squealed at the prospect. Everyone around the table heartily agreed with Aunt Julie's suggestion. We excitedly talked over each other through dinner as we brainstormed possible destinations. Lucy and I had never even been on a family vacation before. We were always too poor and couldn't even imagine going anywhere. But spoiled by the unexpected windfall of the severance package, we were freed to dream and began spending it in our minds in earnest.

Mom said we could visit a travel agent after school the next evening to gather information. There was no such thing as a travel website back then. And getting ideas usually meant flipping pages in a tour book or magazine. She said they had traveled some when she and dad were first married before I was born, on their honeymoon, in fact. Then she got real cagey and changed the subject.

My interest was piqued, though, because she rarely talked about dad or their relationship. Later, in private, I got her to tell me what had happened on that trip. Dad had taken her to the French Riviera for their honeymoon, a popular vacation destination for the rich and famous. They stayed at a fancy, all-inclusive place. It was incredible, she said, until they got down to the beachfront and she realized they were at a nude beach resort.

He swore to her that it had been a booking mix-up, but wanted to stay and stick it out; insisting the French have a much more laissez-faire attitude about public nudity. When she balked, he put his foot down, insisting her only options were to spend the rest of the trip in the room or stop being such a prude and take off her suit so they could continue down to the nude beach. She reluctantly agreed, then watched in dismay while he threw her brand-new swimsuit in the trash right there on the boardwalk.
She spent every day of their honeymoon nude on the beach being ogled by amorous naked Frenchmen. There were some women, too, but none so self-conscious as the big-breasted, newlywed American girl who had never been naked in public before.

After hearing her tale, I could understand why she wouldn't want to go back to the French Riviera anytime soon. But she was not opposed to someplace warm and sunny. Judging by Lucy's squeals anytime it was mentioned, I knew she would cast her vote for a beach trip, too. What young lady wouldn't like two weeks in a tropical paradise?

She was disappointed that I made her stay home the next evening while mom and I, the two decision makers, went to visit the travel agent. I didn't want immature Lucy with her expensive tastes to take us in a direction we shouldn't. And I needed to focus so I could keep mom from being taken advantage of. I was there to provide budget discipline. Besides, I knew where my sister stood on the matter of destination opinions. I could cast a vote on her behalf.

Having never traveled before, I was overwhelmed by the exotic posters on the wall of the agency. Even the majestic pictures of airplanes in flight put butterflies in my stomach. Our agent was initially uninterested in helping us. She had a few brochures lazily spread out on her desk when we arrived for our appointment. But when she learned about our surprisingly robust travel budget, thanks to the severance package, she perked up.

She insisted we call her "Kiki" after that and swept the brochures off her desk as if they had settled there by accidentally like a layer of dust. She pulled out some binders from a nearby cabinet, and excitedly took charge as if she was part of the family and not just about to make a fat commission.

When we mentioned our desire for someplace warm, she showed us images of impossibly clear blue waters with glittering beaches. The accommodations were no less stunning; gilded monstrosities packed with every luxury imaginable. She took advantage of our naivete on the matter and kept recommending upgrades and perks that would make our family vacation perfect. With our budget, she assured us we would be treated like royalty.

Perhaps it would have been wise for me to pipe up and suggest a more modest proposal. We could have paid quite a few bills, saved some for a rainy day, and still had enough left over for a shorter, but still fun trip. But I admit I got caught up in all the excitement. The royal treatment sounded like a once in a lifetime opportunity, and "King Mikey" did have a nice ring to it!

By the time Kiki was through with us, every penny had been allocated. She sold us on this new foreign travel partner company which was trying to break into the lucrative American market (and was likely offering her a hefty finders fee). We were booked for a first-class flight to Fiji, a place I had never even heard of before, where we would spend two glorious weeks being pampered on what looked like a most luxurious remote island. Fiji was definitely a stretch for a lower middle-class single-parent family. But we had just enough money and I couldn't resist the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. The pictures looked out of this world!

One picture showed our private bungalow. It sat in the water on stilts and you could literally step outside onto a deck and dive right into the ocean! Or you could turn the other way and access your own private white sand beach which curved around to make a perfect little lagoon.

Every meal would be catered and delivered, and fresh fruit and snacks were refilled daily. Unlimited drinks were included and delivered from the bar right to you on the beach if you wished. The bungalow had an entire spa's worth of equipment and a personal masseuse would visit every day if you wanted to give massages and other treatments. Mom particularly liked the sound of that.

We were planning to spend most of the time relaxing in paradise. But Kiki convinced us to add a few excursions as well; horseback riding along the beach, a boat tour around the island, a trip to see a waterfall, and reservations at a world class restaurant on a nearby island. But my real moment of weakness came from a flyer of a well-reviewed show put on by locals.

In the flyer, there was a picture of several topless performers wearing grass skirts. It was hard to tell the girls' exact age but judging by the size and perkiness of their naked breasts, I guessed they were in their late teens or early twenties. It sure looked like paradise to me, so I insisted Kiki add it to our agenda!

We made a 20% down payment of $2,440, from which Kiki surely extracted her fees, then returned home, drunken with visions of grandeur and heavy laden with binders of info. Lucy met us at the front door. She was buzzing with excitement and screamed when she heard the news. She had been on the phone all afternoon with Alexandra, her rich friend who traveled a lot, asking for travel tips and advice.

Before mom went to make dinner, Lucy gave her the biggest hug of thanks. Then she started to go and call Alexandra with the news. But before she left, she got overjoyed once more and stopped to do a little happy dance. Her feet tapped out a patter of sheer elation. I guess just then her excitement level, which had been growing all day, overwhelmed her. Turning to me with a huge smile on her face, she finally said it.

"Hey Mikey, dare me!"

I don't think she had meant to let those words slip out. Because she immediately snapped her hand over her mouth and stared at me with big eyes. But it was too late. A blush started forming on her cheeks as she realized the implications of what she had just uttered.
