Turned into a bitch.
The real tale of how I went from being an accomplished businessman to a degraded bitch 


Femdom, Zoo, Real, F/M, FF/M, Humil, non-consensual
By: Servus ut Canis 
Servis.canis@gmail.com

Chapter 3 - A Spicy Dinner 

There was a short discussion in Cantonese at the reception, and the hostess showed us to a quiet table close to the wall. We sat opposite each other, and she put her hand out. I gave her the leash, which was long enough to be held by her under the table. 

A young waitress came, and handed us the menus. A  short dialogue in cantonease and my menu was taken, while the waitress was smiling.  Ling put the end of the leash on the table, and placed her iPhone ontop of it. It was visible, but only if you knew where to look. 

The waitress was back, and another short dialogue in Cantonease. This time the waitress was giggling, and she looked at me surprised. I did notice her eyes wonder to Ling's iPhone and knew she told her. My face went crimson with shame, while Ling dictated, matter of factly, to the waitress.  

She ordered all the food for us both, and got me a pink cocktail with an umbrella - which amused the waitress so much she made a point placing it in front of me with a smile. 
Then came the food, and I learned then that Ling ordered the spiciest dishes on the menu. 

I had to eat it all. 

When Ling thought I am not eating well enough, she would tug on my "leash" which caused an immediate sharp pain to my groin. I devoured the food with tears in my eyes, as it was so spicy. My nose started dripping and Ling called the waitress. Some more Cantonease, more giggles, and the waitress left. When she came back she mockingly handed me some tissues. I was literally crying my way through dinner, red-faced with embarrassment and utterly humiliated in front of the waitress.  And yet I was so aroused. 

My umbrella drink was gone before I knew it, and Ling agreed to order me some water. We got a pitcher and I drank most of it with my dinner. 
Ling was having a roasted duck, which was served with an empty plate for the bones. She pointed that I must taste the duck, which I was happy to do - considering the fire raging inside my mouth. I was surprised when she placed a bone on my plate, and pointed to it. And so from that moment on, I was to clean the bones thoroughly after her. 
Besides the degrading aspect of eating Ling's dinner remains, I was further humiliated by the bones that were piling on my plate. The waitress (who casually passed by our table every few minutes out of curiosity I guess) noticed it, and she looked at Ling, who nodded. Looking at me with a smile, she then took away the empty plate that was to hold the bones. 

The waitress did not even approach me for desert, but rather took the orders from Ling. I had an espresso with no sugar or milk, and one bite out of Ling's banana, that she was generous enough to share after she ate most of it. 

When the bill arrived I paid it, and Ling went to the batroom. The waitress took her seat and started pulling on my leash. I was moving uncontrollably in my chair, and she found it amusing. 

We went back to Ling's apartment. From the car to her door she again lead me by the leash. Upon entering she closed the door behind us and pushed me against the door. She then took out my member. Huncho appeared from nowhere, and was suddenly there  - and he was rather excited to see us. 

She made me cum on the spot, my cum dripping to the floor. To my amazement Huncho was quick to lap it off the floor. She mocked my semen to be of a "dogly quality" and sent me home, asking/ordering that I wear my leash from now on. 

This was the kinkiest dinner I have ever had, and I was left wondering if our dating can ever become even kinkier. I was relieved to conclude that I have seen the worst. Oh, how wrong and innocent..... 

