Dad and daughter come home to find the idol.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Egyptian Idol Part 2 (MF, 1st, inc, magic, mc, rape, impreg, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

18-year-old Penny Moore breezed through the front door of her family home and walked right past the fertility idol on her way to the kitchen in an apathetic daze that only the most self-absorbed of teenagers could pull off. The pretty brunette was so ensconced in her own little world that she didn't hear her father give a puzzled grunt upon seeing the Egyptian statuette on the entryway table, nor his amazed gasp as he picked it up. She bent over to look into the open fridge, holding the door open, uncaring as she languidly perused the food there as if she might cool the whole downstairs of their house through her inaction. However, this left her fit, rounded ass in her tight yoga pants hanging out past the fridge door, which was the first thing her father saw as Hathor's blessing filled his body with the need...the need to breed.

Penny's face was shoved into the top level of the fridge as her father rammed his crotch into her hips. "Whathefuuck!?" she screamed out as her head knocked over the milk and pushed the jar of pickles further back into the depths of the refrigerator. She tried to grab a hold of something to right herself, but then the plastic shelf cracked and collapsed, knocking everything on it, including her, onto the next shelf, which in turn bent her over even more. The milk splashed down upon her expensive high tops.

Bob Moore had taken the brunt of the erotic magical power that had filled Hathor's idol when his son had bred his wife upstairs earlier. The higher processes of the man's mind had been shut down so that he was not much more than a caveman in search of a cavewoman to mate with. It barely registered that he was now ripping his daughter's high quality yoga pants away from her nubile body, and then her thong tore away as almost an afterthought.

Penny was still off balance, but as she continued to scream she managed to turn her head to see a madman behind her. No, it was her father that was mad! What had she done, and why was he punishing her like this?! "DAD?!" Then the second shelf of the fridge fell through, and she was bent in half, her bare bottom now in the perfect position.

Bob quickly pulled his pants down and rammed his incredibly hard cock between his daughter's legs.

She felt something pokey bounce off of her vulva and continued to scream. Then she spied the pickle jar, which had somehow remained intact through all that. She grabbed it just as she felt that pokey thing press itself insistently at her vaginal opening and hurled it backwards.

"Aargh!" her father yelled, and then he was no longer holding her as she heard the jar smash to the ground. She pushed herself up and dove toward the front door.

"Ah ah ah..."

Penny found herself sprawling to the floor. She grimaced as her B-cup breasts squished upon impact with the hardwood of the house's entryway. That had hurt! Turning, she saw a strange bald Middle Eastern man in a gray suit standing just outside of the kitchen, his leg extended. He had tripped her! She looked back toward the kitchen and saw her father, his pants around his ankles, shuffling toward her, his eye swelling up and an animalistic look on his face. As afraid as she was at this scenario, she couldn't help but notice the sizable erection bobbing between her dad's legs as he approached.

She shook her head to clear it and frantically looked around for a weapon. She saw a strange statuette on the floor and grabbed it, holding it upside down so that the heavy base would act like a small club. "Keep back, you..." She blinked, confused. "...youuu..." She felt a warmth rushing through her body, somehow coming from the idol. As it reached her head, she dropped the statuette and smiled at both men.

"Much better?" the dark-skinned intruder asked her. She nodded.

Then her father was upon her. She was so happy...she wondered why she had run from him, her big, strong protector.

"Give your daughter a moment, Mr. Moore, so that you do not damage her," the strange man said. "The human body can only produce so much lubrication at once, even with divine assistance."

"Uh?" Bob grunted as he looked down at the nubile young woman. He watched her eagerly pull off her tight half-top and unfasten her bra to get completely naked, other than her high tops and the remains of the yoga pants hanging from her legs. His daughter's nude form filled his eyes and he leapt upon her again, causing her to giggle in delight.

"Ow!" Penny cried out as her father deflowered her, but almost immediately she locked her legs behind his ass as the man thrust into her young body again and again. It was already feeling good for her.

The Middle Eastern man picked up the idol and placed it reverently back onto the entryway table, making sure its eyes were directed toward the coupling pair. With a nod, he headed back up the stairs.

Mrs. Iris Moore was now riding her son on her matrimonial bed, her D-cups, which now seemed even bigger under the effect of Hathor's blessing, bobbled back and forth in time with her movements. Multiple inseminations dripped out of her well-used pussy as she continued to fuck her son. The twenty-year-old young man gazed up at her in adoration.

She looked up as the intruder, Armin, entered, this time without the idol. "What...do you...want...with us?" she asked him in between thrusts. Then she frowned, slowed her movements, and dismounted her son to lie on her back, breathing heavily.

"Mom?" Rick asked, confused.

"It's gone," she breathed, smiling. "The urge is gone."

"Then we have success," the man smiled at her and walked over to the bed. "Lad, you should help your sister downstairs. I believe your father may not be fully up to the task."

The naked young man was out the bedroom door in a flash. They could hear his feet clomp loudly down the stairs.

"Penny?" Iris tried to get up but her body rebelled. She had pushed it way beyond her normal fitness capability during the sexual encounter with her son. "No...my daughter..."

Armin sat next to her. "Your husband and son will take good care of her."

She looked up at him, unashamed at being naked in front of a stranger. He had already seen all of her, so what was the point? "You said...success?"

He moved his hand to caress her stomach, which had a slight roundness that had never fully receded from her two pregnancies. "Normally, conception takes hours or days as stray sperm search for an elusive egg, but with Hathor's blessing, not to mention the sheer volume of seed your son must have deposited almost directly into your womb, it was a foregone conclusion; not so much 'survival of the fittest', but more that one random sperm beat all the many, many others when your egg was deluged in his semen."

She turned away from him to hold her midsection. "Oh God..."

---

Penny orgasmed as her father took one of her little nipples into his mouth. "Auhhh!" she cried out, arching her back and pushing that nipple further into his suckling mouth. She wondered why she had never had sex before...it was incredible!

"Huhh...huhh!" her father groaned, sweat running down his face from the exertion of fucking his only daughter. As he felt her pussy squeeze him in orgasm, his own rushed up from his swollen balls to explode deep inside the magically fertile young woman. "HURHH!"

"Aieee!" Penny screamed as she felt her father inseminate her unprotected depths. Her legs gripped his ass, pulling him as deep as possible as a second, more massive orgasm blossomed from her core. "Ahahh! O-hh! Daddeeee!"

As she came down from her orgasm, she caught a flash from out of the corner of her eye and looked toward the statuette. The eyes were glowing and she felt as if it was looking into her very soul. She let her legs fall to the floor.

"Hugghhh..." her overweight father moaned as he pulled out and rolled to the side to reveal the taut, lean form of her older brother standing there, looking down at his sister with undisguised lust.

---

Armin got to his feet. "You asked what I wanted from you, Mrs. Moore. Now that your mind is more clear, I will tell you. The organization I work for has collected several mystic artifacts, not just Hathor's idol. One of those relics can show the future...just glimpses, but enough to allow us to make preparations. Your family will become important -- I won't explain how -- but when that time comes, we will take the videos we have made..." He removed a small camera that had been hidden on a nearby shelf, "and we will tell you what you must do for us."

He went to the open closet and pulled out another camera. "I'm sure many scenarios are running through your mind. Abortion? You will find that Hathor's blessing will not allow that, for she is also the goddess of maternal care. In the same way that you could not fight your lust for your son, you will be unable to terminate his child that now grows within you."

Iris lovingly caressed her midsection. She knew it to be true.

"It isn't all bad, however," he continued, "you will find that this will be the easiest pregnancy of your life, even considering your age." He gave her a smile. "In return, you will never be able to do anything to interfere with your incestuous progeny's welfare. Even if you put them up for adoption and insist that our video evidence is -- what are they called...deepfakes? -- we will find your children, and genetic testing will reveal the truth."

"Children?" she repeated, stunned.

"Hm, yes, yours and your daughter's, but you may have more than one each. Sometimes Hathor is...mischievous."

---

Penny climbed onto her brother and slipped his hard cock inside her, gasping as his babymaker filled her creamy pussy. She moaned upon feeling that he was a bit bigger than her father! Mr. Moore lay on the floor to the side, snoring softly.

She began bouncing on Rick's cock, making him moan. Then his hands were massaging her tits. She gasped...they were so sensitive! And, she wondered, were they a bit bigger now? Her gaze was drawn back to the idol, still watching her. The eyes flashed, like its gaze was questing inside her for something...

She gasped as she felt a slight pinching sensation off to the side and up a bit from where her brother's rod was poking at her cervix. She dimly recalled feeling a similar twinge on the other side after she had touched the statuette. Inside her, a second egg floated lazily down her fallopian tube.

---

"No one will believe your story if you try to explain what happened," Armin informed her. "Magic? For those who have not been touched by the divine like us, their minds are shockingly small. They will only accept cold, hard facts, and so we return to our cameras and genetic tests. You understand?"

Iris felt the hot, wet tears running down her face and soaking her bedsheets. "Yes."

He nodded and left the room. Heading down the stairs, he saw the teen daughter riding her brother's member as if her life depended on it. Well, he mused, *a* life depended on it. He pulled down the hidden cameras from the living room, the kitchen, and the entryway before he leaned on the wall next to Hathor's idol. The eyes were quite bright now. "Are you being naughty?" he asked it.

Rick grabbed a hold of his sister's hips and bellowed to announce his orgasm. He arched his back, instinctively pressing the tip of his cock into Penny's cervix as he shot liquid life inside her.

The teen girl gasped and felt her own orgasm blow through her body at the feel of his hot cum penetrating her most personal and private of places. Inside her fertile body, her father's sperm swarmed her first egg, the luckiest one of those tadpoles penetrating the membrane and adding its genetic code to hers. As Rick's sperm forced their way into his sister's womb, the idol's eyes flared and an unseen hand guided them toward her other fallopian tube where the second egg waited. She would have fraternal twins in just over nine months, with her father and brother each one of the fathers.

The man picked up Hathor's idol reverently. "Our job is done, my goddess," he informed it before he took one last look around the richly appointed home. One of these people, or their newly conceived children, he knew, was destined to become a future President of the United States, and the organization he worked for would be ready.

"Most enjoyable," he commented as he opened the door and walked away from the Moore home, leaving that family to pick up the pieces of their new lives.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)