Raider and the Lost Lamp
by Mythical Traveller

CHAPTER X


The walk back to the four wheel drive was fairly easy. The path was far from smooth, 
but there weren't any arduous inclines along the way. Clara and Jeff talked the entire 
way. When they reached the vehicle Jeff rested by the back wheel and removed his 
water bottle from his pack. He drank heartily, as there was no longer a need to 
conserve his water, while Clara opened the vehicle's rear hatch and threw her own 
pack in.

Jeff had only just replaced the bottle in his pack when without warning Clara placed 
her hands around his head and pulled him in for another passionate kiss. Clara had 
hoped she would be able to make it back to the motel room before she expressed her 
gratitude to Jeff physically, but her ever-growing desire could be suppressed no 
longer. Jeff wrapped his arms around Clara, positioning his hands initially on the back 
of her bare midriff, then sliding them down over the coarse fabric of her tight shorts. 
Jeff gave Clara's buttocks an unexpected tight squeeze as he pulled her hips against 
his own, prompting a muffled yelp of approval from his partner.

Their faces, like the rest of their bodies, were covered in dust from crawling through 
the tight cavern, and as their lips slid against each other mercurially, the dust was 
swept into the kiss. For Clara, the unique mix of bland, gritty dirt, commingled with 
Jeff's delicious warm saliva only served to make the kiss feel that much more exciting 
and spontaneous. After smoothly manoeuvring her arms under Jeff's and around his 
back, Clara gently began to prompt him to move backwards, towards the Merc, until 
they were close enough for Clara to reach the back door and open it. As Clara 
continued to push him back, Jeff stumbled over his own pack. He briskly broke off 
the kiss, reached down to grab the pack and then chucked it recklessly on the back 
seat floor of the Merc, spilling half of it's contents, including the lamp, onto the 
vehicle floor. Jeff knew that he would soon be far too preoccupied to remember where 
he'd left his pack, and had no intention of leaving the lamp on the mountaintop.

Grasping his well-defined chin between her thumb and index fingers, Clara pulled 
Jeff's gaze promptly back to her and stole a quick kiss before urging him into the four 
wheel drive with a gentle push on his chest. Jeff climbed up on to the back seat and 
moved over one space to allow room for Clara. Clara never once took her eyes off 
Jeff as she climbed onto the seat beside him with an almost authoritative patience, 
slowly entering the vehicle and closing the door behind her. She concealed her raging 
arousal behind a calm, if somewhat mischievous smile, while her eyes gazed at Jeff in 
such a deeply sensuous manner that he could almost hear them say, "I am going to 
pleasure you to brink of insanity..."

She leaned over and pressed her lips against Jeff's once again, sending her tongue 
deep into Jeff's mouth to slide along, around and against his own tongue in a tender, 
intimate caress. For Jeff, it had barely seemed like that wonderful kiss had begun 
before he felt her palm once again pushing gently on his chest and her lips pulling 
away from his. She pushed him down so that he was lying back on the seat. As Jeff 
layed flat, the enormous bulge in his shorts became very apparent. Clara did not break 
the silence when she noticed it, she simply smirked. After stopping only briefly to 
admire the display of Jeff's arousal, Clara leaned over Jeff to again kiss him on the 
lips. Jeff wrapped his arms around Clara's torso and pulled her closer to him in a 
passion-fuelled embrace. She kissed him many times, provoking many appreciative 
moans from him, but after a few moments, Clara was insistently pulling away from 
Jeff's arms. She looked down on him with that same conniving smirk, as her hands 
gently trailed over the fabric of his shirt.

All of a sudden, she gripped the left and right sides of the shirt tightly and swiftly 
ripped them asunder, sending the buttons flying. They clattered as they bounced off of 
the hard surfaces of the vehicle interior. "Shit!" Jeff exclaimed in surprise, cracking 
an amused smile after the initial shock had passed. Quickly resuming her calm, 
deliberate demeanour, Clara again leaned down, this time to plant a soft, tender kiss 
on the top of Jeff's chest. She slowly made her way down his chest, padding kisses 
along it, occasionally pressing against it with the tip of her tongue, while her right 
hand gently coursed back and forth through the chest hairs near his nipple. 

"Oh boy!" Jeff sighed as he exhaled a deep breath. As Clara made her titillatingly 
slow progress down his sternum, Jeff contemplated the gruelling amount of restraint 
he would soon have to call upon to prolong his climax as long as possible. His sexual 
instincts had been in standby mode ever since that first amazing kiss in the tomb. 
Watching Clara's firm ass the entire twenty-minute walk back to the Merc certainly 
did nothing to calm them. Now, with this onslaught of incredibly sensuous foreplay 
from Clara, he was all systems go. The pressure his stiff cock was putting against the 
strong fabric of his shorts was excruciating, and Clara was still fully clothed! Jeff 
feared that by the time they actually began to make love, he would only be able to 
withstand a few seconds of Clara's luscious womanhood.

Clara certainly did not make the task any easier as she unzipped Jeff's fly, and slid her 
left hand inside to gently fondle his rod through his briefs. Many agonisingly 
enjoyable seconds later, Clara had finally kissed her way to the bottom of Jeff's chest, 
stopping just above his navel. She smiled as she rose up, removing her hand from his 
shorts. After making quick work of his belt buckle, Clara slid her fingertips inside the 
waistline of Jeff's briefs and pulled them, along with his shorts, midway down his 
thighs in one smooth movement. Free from it's cotton prison, Jeff's rigid maleness 
immediately sprang to it's full height, almost as if it were doing so solely to grab the 
attention of the only person who could fulfil it's maddening need. If that was the case, 
then it's mission was most definitely a success. Clara paused for a couple of seconds 
as she admired Jeff's erection with a keen look in her eye. Then, with a teasingly slow 
blink, Clara shifted her amorous gaze back to Jeff's eyes, consuming his attention as 
her fingers nimbly unlaced her boots just enough for her to slide her feet out.

Next she began to unbuckle her own belt and remove her shorts. Jeff, realising that he 
had a little time before Clara resumed pleasuring him, sat up and began to awkwardly 
pull down his own shorts and briefs, which were still holding his thighs together. 
Clara had obviously only been interested in unleashing Jeff's rod, his mobility was 
apparently of no concern.

The shorts were still around Jeff's knees when Clara reached over and firmly grabbed 
their crotch. She pulled the shorts down forcefully, using them to pin Jeff's legs to the 
seat. Then, as she held his legs fast against the seat, Clara slowly rose up. It was only 
now that Jeff noticed that she had completely shed her own shorts, leaving only her 
white cotton panties to hide her snatch. Jeff also noticed that the panties were almost 
entirely wet and there was a faint smell of female arousal in the air. Jeff smirked as he 
realised that behind her calm, cool facade, Clara was just as horny as he was.

Clara kneeled over Jeff, straddling his thighs. As she slowly layed down on top of 
him, she pushed her wet panties against Jeff's hard cock. By the time she had begun to 
kiss him, it was tightly sandwiched between their two bodies. Clara enticed him 
further by pressing and releasing her lithe flesh against his rod in rhythmical waves of 
pressure, whilst her tongue inspired his arousal by dancing playfully along the 
surfaces in his mouth. 

Over and over they kissed, as the pressings of Clara's hips became steadily stronger, 
more passionate. Jeff moaned happily at the deluge of affection that he'd been swept 
into, and although Clara remained silent, her composure was clearly starting to 
deteriorate. Her kisses were becoming hungrier and she was unconsciously running 
her fingers through Jeff's hair, and even grabbing it at times. Jeff had once again 
wrapped his arms around Clara. His hands spiralled over her body in wide strokes, 
rubbing over the back of her shirt and the butt of her panties and sliding over the 
smooth skin of her lower back in between. As the intense foreplay sent their body 
temperatures climbing, the dirt on their bodies was absorbed by their sweat, forming a 
black liquid. Jeff's caresses began to leave black streaks along Clara's wet skin, and 
dark stains on her shirt and panties.

Motivated by the urgent yearning in his manhood to feel her sweet fissure and the 
dissatisfying sensation of his hands repeatedly rubbing across the coarse fabric of her 
shirt, Jeff attempted to move things along by pulling her top off. He was surprised to 
find just how tightly it clung to her body. Before he could make much progress Clara 
pulled away from him and sat up. She was still smiling as she looked down at him, 
but the smile was no longer playful; her lips were parted, she was breathing raggedly, 
and she meant business. Jeff lifted his hand up to caress her cheek as they both took a 
few seconds to rest. He smiled as he mused how even covered in dirt, Clara's face 
was, without compare, the most beautiful one he had ever set eyes upon.

Even once she had caught her breath, Clara forced herself to wait a couple of seconds 
so that Jeff could calm down a bit. She had been mercilessly teasing him for a while 
now. The odds were that if she did not give him a little recovery time, they would not 
get to make love for very long. She held out as long as she could but eventually her 
craving for Jeff's rod took over. She lifted her body off of his only as much as 
necessary for her to remove her panties. The scent of her juices flooded the cabin as 
she bared her slick privates. With a single skilful sway, Clara managed to slip the 
panties past her right kneecap, then her left, all while continuing to straddle her lover. 
From there, removing the panties completely was a breeze.

As Jeff looked on with an eager smile, Clara lowered her heavenly opening onto his 
cock. She leaned her head back, closed her eyes and purred softly as she slowly took 
Jeff's maleness deeper and deeper into her body. Jeff uttered a vibrato moan as the 
sensation of Clara's red-hot womanhood sliding down his member sent a growing 
surge of pleasure tingling up his spine. She did not stop until her outer lips were 
pressed against his body. With a shake of her head, Clara turned her gaze back to Jeff, 
with a look that both conveyed raw animal desire and heartfelt affection. The sides of 
her mouth curved upwards in a playful smile as Clara began to slowly rock her hips.

The two lovers began to moan intermittently as Clara's gyrations increased in 
intensity ever so slowly. She savoured the mild pleasures of Jeff's rod making the 
slightest movements within her, while it continued to put pressure on her most 
erogenous flesh with it's lust-fuelled firmness. Occasionally she would treat Jeff by 
gently squeezing on Jeff's rod with her privates, usually provoking an appreciative 
moan from him. Jeff, meanwhile, ran his hands over Clara's bare thighs and around 
her firm ass, eventually settling on the sides of her waist.

When Clara's gyrations had grown somewhat in intensity, she removed her top, 
pulling it over her head and tossing it without care onto the passenger seat, all without 
the slightest interruption to the rocking of her hips. Jeff, inspired by the sight of 
Clara's ample breasts heaving back and forth in her black bra, sat up and pushed his 
lips firmly against hers. As their tongues began to dance yet another ballet with one 
another, Clara reached behind her back and began to work the clasp of her bra. It was 
soon undone. When Jeff felt Clara sliding the loose bra down her arms, he did not 
immediately break the kiss off, as it was quite enjoyable. Eventually, his desire to 
suckle on her luscious breasts got the better of him and he pulled his lips away.

Clara leaned back slightly, to give Jeff a better angle, as his face moved down over 
her body. He brushed his chin over the perfect smooth skin along the top of her right 
breast, as he descended over it until his lips were only an inch in front of the nipple. 
He poked his tongue out and pressed it against Clara's yielding areola. Then he slowly 
slid it over her nipple, before pressing his lips onto the wonderful orb and beginning 
to gently suckle. At the same time, he moved his right hand up to cup and fondle her 
left breast. Clara moaned happily as she continued to ride him, running her fingers 
through his hair, with an absent smile on her face. Her mind was caught between 
several emotions, all of which were most pleasant. The radiating pleasure in her 
center was building to a critical level and with each stroke, Jeff's mighty rod incited 
even more bliss. His skilful ministrations to her breasts were now bringing the delight 
to another part of her body. And as she listened to Jeff's indulgent moans, she found 
herself very happy to be giving her benevolent liberator so much enjoyment.

After savouring the delights of having Clara's pliant breast so welcomely wedged 
between his lips for quite a while, Jeff decided to alternate, moving his mouth over to 
Clara's left breast, while allowing his hand to get re-acquainted with the right. He 
moved his right hand down on to his lover's hip, using it to encourage Clara to 
accelerate her gyrations. 

The dirty sweat on his hand had left dark streaks all over the surface of her shapely 
breast. As Jeff suckled and teased it with his tongue, he could feel the rough dirt 
particles rolling over his lips and tongue. Even while contending with the salty taste 
of their mixed sweat and the (probably imagined) deliciousness of her velvety areola, 
the dirt had it's own compelling and strangely erotic taste. It had been little more than 
an hour since they'd discovered the long lost tomb of an ancient queen. Now, while 
the dust from the tomb still clung to their bodies, they were locked in coitus, fantastic 
coitus. Jeff could not deny that there was something incredibly hot about that.

Clara, taking the hint from Jeff, began to ride him in deeper strokes. Jeff began to 
instinctively move his own hips up and down as much as he could. Clara's moans 
became more prolonged and louder as Jeff's maleness moved within her roasting 
snatch in a rapidly increasing span. His cock radiated with it's own sexual energy and 
with each thrust, it sent a pulse of pleasure surging through her entire body. She was 
almost at the edge. 

Again, Jeff alternated his affections, returning to kiss and suckle her right breast, 
while gently kneading her left. Warm sexual delight radiated from her ample mounds 
readying her body for the spectacular climax bearing down on her. As her desire grew 
in urgency and became more focused, Clara began to utter coherent words between 
her absent moans.

"Ooooh... Oh yes... Mmm... So good... Feels so good... Mmm... Yes... Don't stop... So 
good... Ooooh..." 

Clara's gyrations were now quite intense. The constant pleasure of Jeff's rigid 
maleness brushing back and forth along her inner walls kept feeding her desire, only 
serving to make it stronger. She wanted to come so badly, and judging by his moans, 
Jeff did too. Her hips moved with an erotically rhythmical grace as she repeatedly 
pushed her womanhood onto his cock, with no little enthusiasm. She delighted in her 
yearning center being probed by the rock-hard shaft, filled with a load of semen that it 
determinedly withheld, but that Clara knew would ultimately be hers.

"Yes... Almost... It's so close... Ooooh Yes.... Ooooh I'm so close... Don't stop... It's so 
close... It's so wonderful... It's so... Mmm..." Clara continued to moan broken 
sentences of encouragement as a dreamy smirk washed over her face. She was so 
close to orgasm! Jeff had moved both his hands onto the small of Clara's back to help 
guide her passionate gyrations. His lips had abandoned her breasts (to reduce the tax 
on his stamina, Clara assumed) and he was now moaning along with his lover. Within 
a few seconds Clara felt her control over her body slipping away as she rode her virile 
stallion to an earth-shattering climax.

Her embracing arms tightened around Jeff's torso, pulling her body flush against his, 
as her womanhood clamped around his excited manhood in an overload of ecstasy. 
She flung her head back, and opened her mouth, only to emit a barely audible 
whimper.  Once Clara came, Jeff only managed a few more thrusts with his hips, 
before his anxious rod could resist the carnal embrace of her delectable snatch no 
longer. With all it's might, Jeff's manhood fired a powerful jet of his seed into Clara's 
amazing body, blowing back an equally potent wave of sheer euphoria into his own. 
As the orgasm took control of his faculties, Jeff instinctively held Clara's body tightly 
to his, reciprocating her own passionate embrace. He bucked forcefully with every 
quaking pump of his cock.

"Oooooooooh Yeah! Oooooooooh Yeah! Oooooooooh! Oooooooh Holy shit!" Jeff 
bellowed appreciatively. An incessant blaze of pleasure racked Clara's body and 
saturated her mind, showing no sign of abating, while Jeff continued to be enraptured 
by the short, but intense, lashes of ecstasy that accompanied every ejaculation. He was 
buried to the hilt, but with every buck he seemed to briefly edge a little deeper, a little 
closer to actually touching the lovely womb of his noble English goddess.

Time ceased to have meaning as they hurtled along a raging river of potent sexual 
bliss, locked in each other's arms. At some point, Jeff's maleness pumped the last 
morsels of it's seed and fell inert between Clara's relenting vaginal muscles. As the 
two lovers regained awareness and exhaustion enveloped them, they dropped back 
down on to the seat, their arms still wrapped around each other. Clara continued to 
moan softly as her orgasm slowly faded away. The experience had been so intense 
that it left her trembling in Jeff's arms. Her overwhelmed partner was breathing 
raggedly beneath her. The expression on his face could've given the impression that 
he'd just been run over by a semitrailer, but Jeff was coasting quite happily in his own 
sexual afterglow.

A few minutes later, well after both Clara and Jeff had calmed down, Clara worked up 
the energy to pull her arms out from beneath Jeff and lift her hips up just enough for 
her to stretch her legs out along the seat. Jeff's dormant manhood slipped out of her 
nether lips unceremoniously as she repositioned herself. Within a few seconds she 
was again peacefully lying atop her lover, her eyes closed and a blissful smile on her 
face.

"Mmm... Discovering an ancient Mesopotamian tomb, escaping eternal imprisonment 
and incredible sex. You certainly know how to show a girl a good time, Jeff. The 
tomb and the freedom were quite nice, as well," Clara purred in a sultry tone.

"I'm glad to hear it. I was thinking about following the tomb by writing you a sonnet 
in hieratic, but then I thought that that might be too much, you know?" Jeff replied.

"Oh, absolutely!" Clara responded, "Less is more!" she looked up at Jeff and they 
both chuckled.

"Seriously, though, that was amazing!" Jeff said sincerely.

"Wasn't it just?" Clara agreed with a hint of indulgent moan in her voice, as she 
reflected on the wonderful experience they'd just shared. They both move their heads 
forward slightly and tenderly kissed. After a few seconds of basking in Clara's 
warmth, the shiny lamp on the cabin floor caught Jeff's eye. He reached down, 
without disturbing Clara, and picked it up.

"So what are we going to do with this?" he asked.

"I don't know," Clara honestly replied, as she looked pensively at her former prison. 
She thought silently for a moment, appreciating the importance of Jeff's question. 
"My father is good friends with Sir Vernan Winthrop, the famous oceanographer. 
They went to Cambridge together. Perhaps we can have Sir Vernan drop the lamp into 
the mariana trench on his next expedition, after we've taken the liberty of sealing it in 
a block of concrete, of course," Clara suggested.

"Sounds like a plan," Jeff said in an impressed tone, as he gently placed the lamp back 
on the vehicle's floor.

"Well, I'm not just a pretty face, you know?" Clara said facetiously, without even the 
slightest trace of conceit about her actual physical beauty. She nuzzled happily into 
the empty space beside Jeff's neck, while an apprehensive expression grew on Jeff's 
face, as Clara's lighthearted statement resounded through his mind.

Clara was beautiful in every possible sense of the word. She was intelligent, witty, 
courageous, captivating, sensuous, and without a doubt the most remarkable woman 
Jeff had ever met. And the question of whether she had feelings for him was 
beginning to gnaw away at him. Jeff had a terrible foreboding about asking her, but he 
knew that the longer he put it off, the more devastating any negative repercussions 
would be.

"Clara?" he said, in a serious tone. Clara looked up at him with a smile. "Is this... I 
mean this right now... Is this just, like a 'thank you'? Or some kind of freedom 
celebration?" The smile quickly faded from Clara's face as Jeff continued, "It's okay if 
that's what this is, I guess, but it's just... I need to know."

"Jeff..." Clara began in a sad tone, unsure of how to respond further.

"I mean after the last time we had sex, you barely spoke to me, almost like you 
regretted it..." Jeff said with painful honesty.

"No!" Clara declared adamantly. "...I mean for a while, I might have, but..." It was 
ironic that words failed her when she so desperately needed to explain her actions. 
Clara took a deep breath and tried to calm herself, although it wasn't easy; her awful 
treatment of Jeff over the past few days had finally caught up with her and she was so 
terribly ashamed. "I... I have never done this before, I have never let myself get close 
to anyone like I have with you... And I suppose it scared me. It scared me!" Clara 
explained, with an uneasy chuckle. Although she genuinely believed it, the statement 
seemed so absurd, coming from a woman who had braved the boobytraps of the most 
intricate Aztec tombs, without even flinching.

"Scared you? What do you mean?" a confused Jeff asked. Clara closed her eyes as she 
summoned the courage to tell Jeff the complete truth. After all he had done, he 
deserved no less.

"I was afraid that you had used the lamp's power over me to seduce me without my 
knowing. I was afraid that you had manipulated me into sleeping with you," Clara 
said, cringing in shame. Jeff was clearly hurt by this revelation. "You deserved so 
much better, after all the kindness you showed me. You never gave me any cause to 
distrust you and I am so, so, so sorry for the way I've treated you. I'm so, so sorry I 
had those terrible, stupid thoughts about you. But if it makes any difference, and I 
hope to God it does, I know now that the feelings I had that night and that morning 
were genuine. I know because you gave away infinite wishes for my freedom and that 
means that youre too good a person to have taken advantage of me," Clara declared 
in a heartfelt tone. 

Now it was Jeff who looked as if he'd been caught out. He opened his mouth as if to 
respond, but Clara interrupted, "I know that you were aware of what you were 
sacrificing. And it is so unfortunate that nobody else will ever know what you gave 
away to free me. But I do, and I will never, ever forget it," she promised solemnly as 
she wrapped her arms around his neck in a tight embrace, fearing that it just might be 
the last one she would ever give him. Several tensely silent seconds passed before Jeff 
spoke.

"I gotta admit Clara, I was really tempted to use that amulet..." Jeff confessed, looking 
away from Clara with a guilty expression.

"Why didn't you?" she asked.

"Because..." Jeff hesitantly replied, as if he was searching himself for the answer. 
"Because it was the right thing to do... and... because I knew that if I didn't, you'd 
never feel the same way about me as I do about you. Which I guess, in the end, was 
what I wanted most of all..."

"Do you love me?" Clara asked, looking over at him intently. As soon as she asked 
the question Jeff's gaze immediately turned to her, she had his complete attention.

"Yeah, I do." Jeff replied, a little surprised by the question, but totally sincere.

"Well then, you got your wish!" Clara said with an elated smile. A beaming smile 
appeared on Jeff's face as Clara's response blew his haunting doubts away like dry 
autumn leaves. Clara pushed her lips against Jeff's and they kissed passionately. Jeff 
wrapped his arms around Clara's naked body and held her tightly, just as she held 
him. Their mutual embrace only grew stronger as they rocked from side to side in the 
back seat of their four wheel drive and kissed, and kissed, and kissed. Clara snickered 
as she felt Jeff's cock beginning to rise beneath her.


The End
