Boys Next Door
by TheJbirdfun

Still love the experience.

It all started when I met Maureen at a restaurant where we both worked. I was the new girl and she took me under her wing to show me the ropes of the place. What to look out for and who to trust with employees as well as the regular customers.

I was 19 and had switched High Schools before my senior year leaving my first love, and first other things if you know what I mean, behind on the East coast. Now here I was in sunny California. It was not like I could not make friends but had kept to myself and it felt good to be going to the local Jr Collage and working toward moving out of my folks house.

Maureen was great. She is funny outgoing and extremely cute which she used to her full advantage when serving the guests at the restaurant as well as with the cooks to help her when she needed it.

Our uniforms were far from conservative to begin with and Maureen showed me a way to shorten the already very short skirts to show "the gap" and the silky top to show just the right amount of cleavage to keep the male customers eyes on my body and their hands on their wallets when it came to tip time.

As I said Maureen is very cute. 5' 3" slender about 105 lbs. small but very perky breasts with nipples that easily showed through her skimpy bra and uniform top. Her smile could sink a fleet and persuaded many a man to do her wishes.

I am also slim a bit taller at 5'5" and 120 and my breasts or tits as Maureen calls them are 36 C and very firm. It was amazing once Maureen convinced me to wear the skimpy type bra to work how my tips went through the roof. I will tell you later how fun it was shopping for bras with her in another story. Holy smokes that girl is not bashful.

So Maureen and I became great friends and a double threat to any good looking man that came in the restaurant. Many would stay in the bar area just to socialize with us after we got off our shift. I have so many stories and will share but I need to tell you about our neighbors shortly after Maureen and I moved into a duplex together.

As luck should have it, two very good looking guys shared the other side of the duplex. Their eyes popped out of their heads as they high fived each other when they saw us moving in. It was really cute the way they tried to keep their eyes off us as they helped move our stuff in. Maureen had on the smallest tightest shorts imaginable and her ass looked incredible as she flaunted in front of the guys.

Seems their house became the new place for their friends to come over in hopes to hang with the new girls next door The duplex back doors shared the private courtyard with just a 3' fence dividing it in half. Which made it easy to flirt and eye all the guys that would come over and invite us to party with them.

We girls arraigned at work to have the same mid week days off and our male manager knew when we were together on the weekends business was good especially in the bar when we ended our shifts. Shoot even the employees would stay and spend money trying to get lucky with one of us.

So there we were on a Thursday midday when Maureen suggested we get a nice tan for the weekend coming up as some guys from the bar had asked us to go out after work. As I came out in my bathing suit I was surprised to see Maureen already fully reclined in one of the lounge chairs completely topless and only a very small pair of panties on. She looked so damn cute with her painted toe nails to match the pink of her tiny panties. Her tits stood out of her slender frame with nice erect nipples that would make anyone salivate. Her brunette hair pulled back in a high pony made her the extreme "hot girl next door" clique so very true.

It did not take her long for her to convince me to remove my top and I even rolled down the top of my suit bottoms to where you could see the very edge of my dark pubes. We sipped on our beers relaxed and soaked up the great California sun. It was Maureen that first noticed the guys for some reason were also home in the middle of the day with some friends over. They had come out side to have a smoke and stood silently as they saw us lying there over the small fence no more than 10' away. Practically NAKED.

I am glad I had on my sunglasses to hide my shock and embarrassment as now 5 young men were staring at my almost completely nude body. Goose bumps rose on my arms and legs and my nipples became harder than I can ever remember. I fought the instinct to cover up or even to scream and run into the house.

It was Maureen who spoke first. Geez you guys you have seen a naked woman before, right? We all giggled and the ice was broken. The guys came over and lined up along the fence. It felt so sexy to be on total display for 5 guys who could not believe their luck. They stared at my hardening breasts and nips and one kept moving to his left to get a better view of my partially exposed pubic hair. My pussy started to get wet as I realized what a turn on it was to have these guys feasting on my nude body. I was tingling all over my body.

It was Tommy who pulled out a joint and asked us if we wanted to smoke with them. I was reluctant and Mureen said you guys go ahead and maybe we will join you. They took that as an invitation to grab some chairs and step over the small fence to sit and form a circle around us.

Maureen got up to get one of our chairs and the guys eyes bugged out when they saw her bare ass cheeks exposed because of her tiny thong. She looked completely naked from behind and extremely sexy, and she knew it, as she looked over her shoulders on her tippy toes at the guys and gave them that million dollar smile. Oh my God this was getting so hot and I was getting so fricking turned on.

Maureen came back with the chair and it was then we all realized just how sheer her thong actually was. Without a doubt you could see her dark landing strip through her panties. She stood near the middle of the circle and took a hit off the joint knowing she was on complete display for these guys. With her flat stomach hard perky breast rock hard nipples aerobicized legs and ass she was the sexiest thing you could ever imagine. As she stood there with one hand on her hip she walked across the small circle we had formed and passed the joint to Bill and bent slightly showing her awesome little lithe 20 yr old body to the fullest just feet away from 5 very horny young men all adjusting the obvious bulges in their pants. It was Tommy who then commented to her how much he loved her outfit to laughs from us all. He then turned to me and asked if I was also wearing a thong.

I blushed red at first embarrassed by every one's eyes on my nude body as my entire body tingled and I felt more alive than I could ever have imagined. I played coy as the guys urged me to show them and prove what type bottoms I had on. Was it not enough that they had me showing more skin than any one person had seen except my doctor and high school lover. I was already so turned on that I felt light headed as I covered my tits with my arm and pretended to be embarrassed knowing full well all 5 guys were about to see the rest of my near nude body.

I sat up on my haunches short of breath as I slowly turned around showing the guys my hard ass and naked back. I arched and stuck my ass out to the groans of the guys then dropped onto my elbows. So there I was totally nude but for a small bathing suit bottom on my elbows and knees sticking my ass in the air showing off to these 5 guys 3 of which I had just met. My tits hung down and as my nips scrapped the lounge my pussy tingled. It was then that Tommy playfully smacked my ass to the total delight of his friends. My tits bounced in their faces as I quickly turned around more sexually excited than I had ever been. My skin tingled my pussy ached my body yearned to be touched.

Tommy laughing apologized over and over saying Diane you are just way way to hot not to do that, I could not help myself. You are so HOT and all the guys concurred over and over as Maureen said lets see the hand print. She and the guys urged me to stand in the middle and slowly turn so each could see the red hand print on my ass. We were all laughing and my body was on fire!

My eyes were practical glazing over in my lustful urge to be so exposed. I followed the guys urging and standing in the middle of 6 people I slowly rolled down the back of my suit. I used one hand to hold the front in place in an unsuccessful attempt to hide hid my small trimmed bush. My pubic hair could be seen just not my actual pussy..... At least not yet I thought.. I was so immensely turned on at this point I was ready to have them all ravish me right then and there.

I arched my back to see the hot hand print on my totally exposed butt. My tits arched out as I twisted and slowly rotated so all the guys could see every inch of my nude body. I was so flushed with excitement small beads of sweat started to form with my wanton exhibit in the warm sun.

I then slowly put my bottoms back up to the groans of the guys. Sat down and took a much needed swig of my beer. Maureen jumped up and gave me a big hug saying oh my god deena that was so hot. Unbelievable hot as the guys literally cheered the two near naked woman embracing. We all started laughing and heavily flirted. We were bailed out when Maureen's cell rang and it was work asking if we could come work a large late booking party that evening.

A nod from me, and she said yes to our boss. Pouting and on full display including the now wet spot on the front of her tiny pink panties. Maureen said sorry guys gotta go. She grabbed my hand and pulled toward our back door with my hard tits jiggling. Both of us giggling as we waved bye to the guys promising we would defiantly party with them again.

I could not believe I had done that but omg I was so turned on I could barely think of where my uniform was as I hoped in the shower.
