Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: annonymous
Title: Summoning My Succubus Mother Chapter Nine: Mommy Succubus's Hunky Son
Summary: To save his succubus mommy, Henry will have to cuckold the devil himself!
Keywords: mFf mFFf breed magic cuck voy exhib D/s lac oral anal A2P school titty facial

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This is based off a one-off story was commissioned by a fan!

Panic fell on me. I stood in the empty hallway. I had gone to use the bathroom, leaving my mommy-succubus out here in the school corridor. I came out and find not only her gone, but her phone was lying on the floor. This unsettling fear sank into my stomach.

What is going on?

I needed help. Who could I turn to that I could trust with this?

Mrs. Spartan!

I whirled and ran to Mrs. Spartan's classroom. The amazon taught history and was my mother's sex slave now. Mom had corrupted the amazon and her wife, turning the lesbians into bang-maids who would do anything Mom said, including getting fucked by me.

I flew down the halls, running faster than I ever had in my life. I reached the stairs and jumped up to the first landing, turned, and leaped to the second-floor hallway. I raced down it to her classroom. I burst in on her dressed in her sexy French maid's outfit, her legs clad in fishnet stockings, her large breasts held in a low-cut blouse trimmed in frilly lace. She had a dainty apron on, her skirt short and puffy. 

Master? she gasped at the sight of me. Then she fell to her knees before me, her big boobs heaving.

Every girl was staring at me, too. They were all sighing in lust at me, all of them wanting me. Several of the girls had lights glowing from their wombs. They were ovulating. Fertile. My dick throbbed. I had to focus.

What is it, Master? Mrs. Spartan asked.

My mother's missing. I stared at all those horny girls. Whichever one of you girls finds my mother in the school, gets to be fucked by me! Go!

I barked commands like I never had in my life. A dozen fifteen-year-old girls jumped to their feet and rushed for the door, leaving the guys and their things behind. I stood to the side as they flooded out into the hallway and started throwing open doors.

A chorus of, Henry's mom? echoed down the hallway.

Then I realized not all of the girls had rushed out. Abby, my first girlfriend, was in the class. She flung herself at me, her body pressed tight. She wasn't trying to jam her tongue down my throat or pull me to the floor.

She was hugging me. 

She's missing, honey? Abby asked. She rocked me. I had bred her. That's so terrible.

It fucking is, I said.

You have a great idea, Master, she said. Get more girls on the search.

Right. I darted down the hallways and threw open the next classroom. Mr. Richter was in the middle of his lecture as I barked out, Whoever finds my missing mother gets to be fucked by me!

The girls squealed their delight. The teacher cried out his objection, but it was too late. The students were rushing out, and I was heading to the next classroom. I ripped the door open, my heart hammering away in my chest. I surveyed the room and shouted the order.

I was moving onto the fourth class when a group of girls was all running down the hallway. They were pointing down at the far end. There's something going in Mrs. Hemlock's classroom.

We can't get in it, a second said.

The doorknob tingled when I touched it, a third girl said, shaking her head. It was like electrified or something.

Mrs. Hemlock? Why would it be her classroom?

And scary noises were coming from in there, another girl said. Like chanting or something.

And incense. I smelled incense.

A ritual, Mrs. Spartan shouted and pushed through the girls. She broke into a run in her maid's uniform, the frilly skirt fluttering behind her. 

Abby still clung to my arm. I just scooped her up in my arms and ran after, blurring down the hallway until I had caught up with Mrs. Spartan. She was already stopping to a halt at the other end of the hallway.

Holy shit, how fast are you, honey? Abby asked, her red hair sweeping around her face.

My mother's in danger, I growled. Mrs. Spartan grabbed the doorknob and then gasped, jerking her hand back. Smoke rose from a red palm.

Enchanted, she said. There's a witch in there.

My stomach lurched. My mother said witches are dangerous.

They are, Mrs. Spartan said. She glanced at me. You haven't fucked her, have you, Master?

I groaned. Yesterday, she collected my cum that leaked out of her pussy with a vial. Now she has my mother?

She's used your cum, said Mrs. Spartan. She bit her lip. She's not after you. She's used you to get her hands on a succubus. And that's bad.

Why? I asked. 

All witches are married, said Mrs. Spartan. But do you know who they marry?

I thought her husband's name was Luke or something, I said. That he was just a guy.

Luke. Lucifer. Mrs. Spartan arched her eyebrow.

Mrs. Hemlock is married to the fucking devil?

And you're about to have a new father-in-law. 

Anger shot through me. Fuck that. She's my mommy-succubus. No other guy but me gets to touch her.

That's right, Abby said, still in my arms. Christ, she was light.

I sat her down and then I slammed my foot into the door. Nothing would stop me from saving my mother. The lock might have been enhanced, but it was no match for the power of my foot. I broke through the door, hardly even caring that I had such enhanced strength. I had been awakening to my powers as a cambion since Sunday night. 

I strode through the wreckage to find all the desks had been shoved out of the way, stacked on each other in the corner. In the middle of the room was a circle drawn in red. A pentagram with my mother lying in her succubus form in the middle of it, her wings spread wide, her hands clasped on her belly. She looked dead but her breasts rose and fell.

Mrs. Hemlock stood at the front of the circle, Fred, Troy, Hector, and George were all kneeling before them. I blinked at the sight of my friend. Hector had fucked Mrs. Hemlock before class. Fred and Troy had done it during English. 

Mrs. Hemlock, standing naked, her body painted in red symbols, threw her arms wide. She faced the chalkboard, her naked ass to me. She was chanting some language. Her words reached a feverish pitch. Then a red hole ripped in the air. It wavered with heat.

A figure stepped through the hole. He was tall and handsome with bronze skin and a muscular body. A glow shone about him. An almost blinding radiance. He strode around Mrs. Hemlock and smacked his wife on the ass.

Well done indeed, he said and stepped into the circle.

My mother gasped and sat up. She scrambled to the edge of the circle and hit a barrier. The devil smiled as he stood over her, his huge cock thrusting out before him. The air in the circle rippled. I gasped, feeling the sexual energy wreathing the air.

Claim your queen, my husband, Mrs. Hemlock moaned, turning around to face him. At last, the Lilith is in your grasp.

Mrs. Spartan moaned. Your mother is Lilith.

Lily, I gasped. Lily Bell. Then my eyes widened. The Lilith Qlipha. That's where I summoned her from. You're saying she's the Lilith.

The first succubus, whimpered Mrs. Spartan. She rejected Adam, refusing to submit to him. She will submit to no man, so she was cursed by the Creator to forever hunger for men. Lucifer has wanted her as his queen ever since. He will make her submit. He has her trapped.

I threw myself at the circle. Hey, fucker, that's my mother!

She turned and saw me. She cried out something, but I couldn't hear her. I slammed my fist into the invisible barrier of the circle. Lucifer was speaking to my mother. She turned her head, looking up at him. He stroked his cock. Her eyes focused on it. Her breathing quickened.

I'm right here, Mom, I shouted. I pounded on the circle again. The barrier rippled. Mom! Mom! I'm here! Don't suck his dick. I love you. I'm your Master. Your obedient son! Your good boy!

She stared at me again. There was fear in her eyes. And lust. She was stuck in there with the devil. I ripped my gaze to Mrs. Hemlock. She smiled at me and then snapped her fingers. The four boys kneeling before her hopped to their feet and rushed at me.

Make him kneel before me and worship my pussy! howled Mrs. Hemlock. He's like his mother. He craves to serve! And she will serve my husband! She will be Lucifer's queen!

The boys rushed me, even my best friend. Hector had eyes maddened with lust. Then Mrs. Spartan was there. She slammed her elbow into one's forehead. He collapsed into a stupor. She flipped another around and smacked his head into the ground.

Hector rushed at me. I grunted as he swung at me. I grabbed his arm and spun him around, throwing him into the wall. He bounced off and staggered. George grabbed me from behind. I broke free and then threw him into Hector, the pair both going down.

Abby gasped in shock.

How do we break the circle, I shouted at Mrs. Spartan.

Her breasts heaving in her maid skirt, she rose and pointed at Mrs. Hemlock.

Not even death will end my spell, she called. There is nothing you can do to me, boy, to make me end it! Kneel and serve me. You can be my toy. Lucifer will reward me with you once he has your mother gasping like a whore on his dick.

Nothing? I demanded. She's human, right, Mrs. Spartan.

The amazon nodded.

Grab her!

The amazon's golden bow appeared in her hand. Mrs. Hemlock gasped in shock. Her hands twirled before her. Words spilled from her lips. Then a blast of red energy shot from her hands only to be struck by an arrow fired from Mrs. Spartan's bow. The two canceled each other out in a clap of thunder. Then Mrs. Spartan charged forward.

Mrs. Hemlock gasped, stumbling back and hitting her desk shoved to the side. Mrs. Spartan was on her in a moment. She turned the teacher and bent her over her own desk, thrusting that plump ass at me. Mrs. Hemlock's blonde bush dripped between her thighs.

Abby, suck her clit, I shouted at my wife. I'm going to fuck her ass and get her ready.

You mustn't cum in her, gasped Mrs. Spartan as she held the witch down. That will give her power over you.

I know, I said, an idea forming in my mind. Just keep her pinned. Abby, work on that clit.

You got it, honey! The redhead dashed by, her fiery locks sweeping behind her. She fell to her knees and then planted her mouth on Mrs. Hemlock's clit. She suckled with such hunger on her bud. I could hear it. I could feel Mrs. Hemlock gasp. 

I glanced at the circle. My mommy-succubus squeezed her tits even as she shook her head in refusal. Her eyes caught mine. I winked at her. She just had to hold out. This had to work. It was such a gamble. I didn't even know if I could do it.

Yes, yes, come fuck me, Mrs. Hemlock purred. Mmm, your mother wasn't even able to resist. I used your cum on those four boys. That connection to your mother made her docile. She stumbled up here without a protest and lay on the circle. Imagine what I can do to you when you cum in me.

I can imagine, I growled and grabbed her plump butt-cheeks. I parted them.

Fucking my ass won't change it, purred Mrs. Hemlock. If you really think you can tempt me from immortality. I will be rewarded above all of his other wives. None will have loved him more than me. And none will be as glorified as me! But go ahead, try to steal me from my husband.

I pressed my cock into her butt-crack. Oh, I'm going to succeed, Mrs. Hemlock. I'm going to give you just what you crave.

I've fucked you once, Henry. You're not that impressive.

Are you sure you know what you're doing, Master? asked Mrs. Spartan.

I winked at her and then thrust into Mrs. Hemlock's asshole.

Her anal ring spread and spread. That tight hole spilled over my cock. Then I popped into her. I groaned as I did. I slid into her bowels, groaning the entire time. It felt so wonderful to slide into her bowels. Her hot flesh squeezed about me.

I shuddered, my face contorting from the bliss of the witch's asshole. I savored the feel of her velvety sheath massaging my cock. I bottomed out in her. She let out a deep groan of passion. She clamped down about me as I drew back, sucking at me.

Oh, Henry, yes, yes, fuck my asshole, she moaned. Mmm, you have such a big dick.

Mrs. Spartan shot me a warning look.

I winked at the Amazon maid and slammed my cock back to the hilt in Mrs. Hemlock's asshole. I would steal her from her husband right beneath his nose. My mother wouldn't give into him. My mommy-succubus didn't submit.

Not even to me. Her master.

I thrust away at Mrs. Hemlock's asshole. I fucked her hard. Fast. I slammed into her. She moaned, her flesh squeezing about me. She gripped me with that hot delight as I pumped over and over into her. I loved it. My balls smacked into her flesh.

Abby suckled with passion. My pregnant wife nursed on Mrs. Hemlock's clit. She suckled with passion. I groaned, burying over and over into her asshole. I fucked the married witch with everything that I had.

Watch, Mom! I groaned. That bastard trying to seduce you is getting cucked right now. His wife is moaning on my dick.

Moaning so hard, Mrs. Hemlock moaned, her bowels clenching down on my cock. Ooh, you have such a magnificent dick, Henry. Cum in me. Just first all that spunk into me. Flood me with all you have. I'm going to cum so hard.

Let me feel you cum on my dick, I growled, my balls smacking into her taint growing heavier and heavier with my load.

I pounded her, savoring every bit of her asshole that I reamed. Her flesh squeezed about me. She held me so tight. Her flesh felt so amazing about me. I groaned, loving every last second of plunging into her bowels.

My crotch smacked into her flesh. Her butt-cheeks rippled from the force of impacts. I groaned, plowing into her so hard and fast. I grunted and groaned, burying deep into her flesh. Hard. I loved how she gripped me. She held me so tight as I fucked into her with such passion.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good.

It is, Mrs. Hemlock purred. Ooh, Henry, yes, yes, you're going to make me cum. I need to cum on your big dick.

I want to feel that ass going wild, I growled, slamming into her asshole. She squeezed her flesh down hard. She gripped me. The pleasure flowed up my cock to my balls. They smacked away at her as I pounded her hard. Let me feel that asshole spasm.

Yes, yes, that's it, she moaned. Ooh, you're taming me! You're taming me with that big dick. I'm going to be yours! Make me cum, Henry. Make me cum and flood me with your seed. Make me your witch!

I could feel her lust for me, but this wasn't enough. She wasn't about to be claimed by me that easily. She needed me to cum in her. I was done. I growled, thrusting hard into her. I pounded her with everything I had, the ache building and building at the tip of my cock.

Abby kept sucking and nursing. She moaned as she did. She added to the pleasure building the witch to her orgasm. I threw a look over my shoulder. Mom was still holding out, her wings hugging her. But how long would she last against Lucifer?

He was perfect. Handsome. Muscular. His cock was huge. I could feel my mother wanted him. 

I rammed my cock to the hilt in Mrs. Hemlock's asshole. I wouldn't lose my mother to the devil. I would steal his wife. I would claim her. That ache built and built at the tip of my dick. I had to cum so badly. Just explode.

I drew back and she squealed. Her asshole went wild. Her bowels spasmed around my cock. I groaned as I slammed back into her bowels. Her flesh rippled and writhed around me. She suckled at my dick, nursing at me.

Cum in me right now, Henry! she commanded.

My cock lurched. Her bowels suckled at me. I wanted to cum so much. I wanted to be a good boy and listen to her. She was convulsing so much. Her asshole nursed at me. The ache swelled. My balls boiled over.

Cum in me, Henry! she moaned. Give me your cum! I need it!

Y-yes! I groaned, wanting to release my cum.

Master! gasped Mrs. Spartan.

I wanted to cum, but I couldn't. Instead, I pressed into her orgasming flesh. She was convulsing so hard, her body brimming with the need to be flooded with jizz. To be fertilized. But she wasn't ovulating. My mother could do this.

Why not me?

I found the hot wife's ovaries. In there, an egg was ready to be released. I nudged it out. She couldn't stop me, not with her mind drowning in the bliss of her orgasm. The light glowed from her womb, shining through her back and bathing me in warmth.

I ripped my cock out of her asshole, shifted down, and plunged into her spasming cunt. I buried to the hilt in the witch's convulsing pussy. Her fertile flesh suckled at me. Massaged my dirty dick. She was so hungry for my cum. For my seed.

I exploded.

Yes! I cried out as I flooded her with my cum. Mrs. Hemlock!

That's it, Henry! she squealed. 

Her pussy convulsed even harder. Her cunt buffed my dirty dick clean as I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. My balls emptied  as her twat suckled at me. Her blonde hair flew. She squealed her delight.

I have you, Henry! she gasped. I have you.

No, Master, no! Mrs. Spartan cried in dismay.

Yes! I roared, spurting blast after blast of cum into her pussy. Mrs. Hemlock, you are my fucking wife.

What? she gasped. I... She shuddered as it happened. My sperm found her egg. I... I... I love you, Henry! Oh, my god, I love you so much.

Mrs. Spartan stared at me in shock, her boobs jiggling in her low-cut blouse. 

I groaned, firing the last of my seed into Mrs. Hemlock's pussy. The which quivered as she nursed at my dick. She suckled at me with such hunger. I shuddered, hitting the peak of my orgasm. I brimmed with such triumph.

I ripped my cock out of her cunt and ordered, Free my wife and banish your ex-husband back to fucking hell.

In the circle, Lucifer whirled around at me. He stared at me with such hate. I smirked at him. He tried to marry my mommy-succubus and take her from me, but I had cuckolded him. I had bred his wife and made her mine.

Isvm! she cried out as she stood up.

The magic barrier around my mother burst into colorful motes of light. Lucifer strode out of the circle, staring at me with such fury. The radiance in him swelled. It glowed brighter and brighter. Behind him, my mother rose, her wings spread wide.

You do not have a familiar to keep you here, she laughed and ripped off her wedding band. She threw it at him. It bounced across the floor, rolled, and ended up against his left foot. Even now, the Gehenna Qlipha wants you back.

He growled and stared down at the ground. The same hole he had stepped out of, that burning tear in reality, split open and swallowed the wedding ring. He shot me a murderous glare promising vengeance and then he plummeted out of sight. No, he was ripped out of sight.

The fuck? I asked, my cock dripping in Mrs. Hemlock's juices.

My connection to him was what let him manifest, Mrs. Hemlock said. She grabbed my arm, pressing her big boobs into me. She rested her head on my shoulder. But I'm not his wife any longer. I'm your wife, Henry. He couldn't stay. Spiritual beings need something to anchor them. He lost his. She giggled. Mmm, you naughty boy. That was clever. You made me ovulate.

Something I learned from my mother, I said as she sauntered to me.

My, my, what a good boy you are, Henry, she purred, her horns peeking out of her black hair. Her blue eyes were so bright. She had a curvy figure, her large breasts bouncing as they swayed back and forth. Her long tongue swept out before her. I think you deserve a big reward for that. Mmm, you saved Mommy from having to remarry.

Yeah, I said. Guess Adam was the last contract and... I blinked. Wait, just who is my father?

Adam, she said. I was pregnant for a very long time. I had to find a way to escape the Lilith Qlipha to have you. My daughters were working so hard, but I'm so much more powerful than them. But they got me over just long enough to give birth to my son. She winked at me. And you've been such a good anchor. And now... You're making me all those succubus granddaughters. Ooh, the world is going to be interesting.

Wait, I'm really Adam's son? I gasped. Like Adam and Eve.

Oh, don't bring up that mewling bitch, she said. She was the perfect wife. God, your father loved her. She just let him do whatever he wanted to her. But not you. You're my good boy. Always listens to your mama.

I love listening to you, Mommy, I said as I had Abby and Mrs. Hemlock clinging to me. Mrs. Spartan was dragging out the boys while a gaggle of girls was peering in. I had no idea which one of them had found my mother.

I'd just have to fuck them all.

Make sure they're okay, Mrs. Spartan, I told the sexy maid pulling Hector out of the classroom.

They'll be fine, she said and winked at me. Enjoy, Master. Your mother's going to ravish you.

I am, purred my mommy-succubus. Let's get you sitting down on a chair. Mommy's going to work her big boobies all up and down your cock and make you cum. Such a good boy.

I smiled at her. Love you, Mommy.

Delight shone in her eyes. She cupped my face, her wings fluttering behind her. She kissed me on the mouth. It was different than any other kiss. This wasn't passion. It was... love. Her lips were gentle on mine. Soft and plump. No tongue. Just a mother loving her son.

She broke it. Mmm, now you two take him to a chair so he can sit down. She glanced at Abby. You have pussy cream on your face. 

Mom's long tongue slid out and slathered over Abby's chin and lips. A shudder ran through the succubus while my dick throbbed. Abby giggled. Then she and Mrs. Hemlock dragged me to a chair. It was then that I realized I was naked. I didn't even recall taking off my clothes. I was just... naked when I had to be.

God, I could do that, too? 

Amazing what you could discover about yourself under pressure. 

I sat down in Mrs. Hemlock's chair. She and Abby stood on either side of me as my mommy-succubus flared her black wings wide before falling to her knees. Her big tits bounced and heaved. She gathered them and slid them around my cock.

I groaned at the feel of her sandwiching my dick in the heaven of her boobs. A hot shudder ran through me. She squeezed them about me and then worked them up and down my cock. I groaned at how magnificent that felt.

Yes, I groaned, savoring that delight. 

With my cock soaked in Mrs. Hemlock's pussy cream, Mom had no problem working her big, soft titties up and down my dick. She had such a wicked gleam in her eyes. She winked one at me as her tail shot out and thrust up into Mrs. Hemlock's twat.

The teacher gasped as her sloppy cunt was invaded. She trembled there as the spade-top of Mom's tail wiggled in deep. The teacher's big boobs heaved. Her face contorted. I grinned. I stole her from Lucifer. I cuckolded the devil.

Damn, what a thrill.

Mom ripped her appendage out of Mrs. Hemlock's cunt. Juices dripped down the tail while she had scooped out my cum from the MILF's cunt. Winking at me, my mommy-succubus brought her tail to her lips. She licked up my cum on them while she worked her tits up and down my dick.

My cock throbbed beneath her wonderful boobs. It was so hot watching her drink my jizz from her tail. I shuddered, squirming as she pleasured me. This wild thrill ran through me as she worked her boobs faster and faster up and down my cock.

My face contorted from the delight. The heat built and built in my nuts. This heat would have me bursting with pleasure. I would shower her in my cum. I would just spray her with every drop of my jizz. I would hose her down.

That's great, Mommy, I moaned as she finished licking up my cum. Your boobs are the best.

Ooh, such a sweet boy, she moaned. You're going to cum all over my face, aren't you? Just shower your mommy in all your cum, right, Master?

Whatever you want me to do, Mommy! I'm just glad you're mine.

Always. 

She worked her boobs faster and faster up and down my cock. I shuddered, the pleasure rushing through me. It was something incredible to enjoy. I shuddered, loving the feel of her silky tits massaging my shaft. I rose towards that orgasm. I came closer and closer to spurting all my jizz into her face.

Her tongue shot down and licked the tip when I emerged from between her tits. I shuddered as she dragged her wet tongue right across the tip of my cock. I arched my back into the chair, moaning as I savored the delight.

Fuck, Mom, I moaned. Oh, fuck, that's really good. Damn, I love that.

I'm glad, she purred, her tits sliding up and down my cock. She winked at me. 

Her tongue bathed the crown of my dick every time she slid up me. It was incredible to enjoy. I groaned, my face contorting with the delight of this moment. I shuddered, my brow furrowing. She loved my dick with such passion. She flicked her tongue over my cock again and again.

I shuddered, my heart hammering in my chest. I licked my lips, face twisting from the delight of this moment. The chair creaked as I shifted in position. My heart pounded in my chest as the pleasure built and built.

Mommy, I groaned, her boobs massaging my tits. Oh, Mommy. Yes!

Cum on your mommy's face, Abby said as she pulled off her blouse. She exposed her round tits and her pink nipples. Just jizz all over her.

You just want to lick it off of her, I panted, savoring the pleasure building and building in me.

Of course! Abby said. So cover her, honey. I want her drenched in cum so I can lick it off.

Yes, dear, I groaned, my heart thundering in my chest. Damn, Mommy, that's incredible.

Isn't it? she asked, winking at me. Mmm, yes, yes, you're going to just jizz all over me.

She licked my cock again. I shuddered, my asshole clenching from that naughty sensation. My back arched into the chair. Her tits slid up my cock, engulfing the tip of my dick. I shuddered at how amazing that felt. My face contorted from the bliss. She engulfed my cock with her soft boobs and then slid back down, caressing the spongy crown.

I erupted.

My cum fired out of my dick and splashed my mother's face. I spurted over and over again. She moaned, reveling in my cum firing up from between her tits and splashing over her features. I coated her in my seed. I painted blast after blast of jizz across her cheeks and nose. 

Oh, god, yes, Mommy! I moaned as the pleasure shot from my dick and slammed into my mind.

Mmm, that's it, Master, she groaned as I painted her in jizz. Oh, yes, yes, that's so wonderful.

My face contorted. The pleasure was so intense. It fired through me with every blast of cum that erupted from my dick. I painted my mother's face. I shuddered, savoring every last second of coating her in my spunk.

She moaned as I dumped so much jizz on her. I covered her features in my spunk. It dripped from her. I fired the last of my jizz that spilled over her tits. She had this wicked grin on her face as she stared up at me.

Oh, doesn't that look so yummy, Mrs. Hemlock, purred Abby. She's just dripping in cum right now. Ooh, that's so hot. I'm so hungry. Henry has the best tasting cum in the world.

Yes, he does, purred Mrs. Hemlock. The witch's large breasts jiggled. And he's going to give it to us whenever we ask for it. Right, Henry?

Yes, Mrs. Hemlock, I moaned, wanting to make all my women happy.

But I get first dibs, my mother purred. She rose and straddled me, her wings thrusting wide. And I need your big, thick cock in my pussy. Your mommy is so horny. That mean man made Mommy feel so hot and bothered. He wanted to enjoy her pussy, but...

It's my pussy, Mommy, I groaned. I came from your cunt. From your womb.

That's right. She stroked my chin with the back of her knuckles. It was such a gentle gesture. And Mommy needs you sliding back into her over and over again.

I shuddered as she grabbed my cock with her tail. She held me in the leather grip of the spade tip, lifting me so she could impale her hairless twat down me. Already, Abby and Mrs. Hemlock were leaning over to lick my cum off Mom's face. 

As her pussy lips kissed my cock, my two wives licked up my cum. Their pink tongues flashed out, gathering up the pearly spunk from my mother's face. I groaned as Mom slid her twat down my dick. Her cuntlips slid over the crown and then swallowed my dick. I shuddered at how great that felt. 

It was amazing to feel her sinking inch after inch of her pussy down my cock. It was fantastic. I shuddered, my face twisting in delight. I groaned, my dick twitching and throbbing. She felt so wonderful sliding down me.

Mommy! I groaned, savoring every inch of her cunt squeezing about my dick. She bottomed out on me. Yes!

She moaned, kissing Mrs. Hemlock. Their tongues passed my pearly cum back and forth while Abby kept licking it off my mother's cheek. Then Mom raised her cunt up my dick. Her hot pussy squeezed about me. She felt incredible. I shuddered, loving what she did to me. It was outstanding to feel. 

I groaned, loving this delight. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. The pleasure rushed through my body. I groaned as Mom slammed her pussy back down my dick. She engulfed every inch of my cock. It was fantastic. 

Yes, I moaned, my dick throbbing in her cunt. She worked back up me, her wings flapping as she rose. Fuck, Mommy, your pussy is the best.

She broke the kiss with Mrs. Hemlock. Mmm, I know. I'm the first, after all.

Mom kissed Abby next. The redhead whimpered, her round breasts quivering with their teenage perfection. They swapped my cum back and forth. It was a delight to enjoy. A real pleasure. I shuddered, my heart pounding with such wild heat in my veins. The rapture built and built in me. I would have such a big burst of pleasure. It would be outstanding. It would all just erupt out of me. I couldn't wait for that to happen.

She rode me faster and faster, moaning into Abby's mouth. She worked her pussy up and down my dick, her cunt clinging to me. It was such a thrill to feel. I loved every moment of her riding me. I groaned as she worked her twat up and down my cock.

Mommy! I panted. Oh, my god, Mommy!

She broke the kiss with Abby. That's it. Oh, Master, your cock is just what your mommy needs. Yes, yes, yes. This is the cock. I made you to be perfect for me.

Mommy! I groaned as she slammed her twat down my dick. Her pussy engulfed me with her hot flesh. It was awesome. Oh, Mommy, that's incredible. I'm going to cum in you.

Good, she moaned. Mmm, but aren't you hungry. She arched her back, thrusting her breasts out at me. They beaded with her milk.

I ducked my head down and suckled a nipple into my mouth. I nursed hard. I loved the taste of her breast milk squirting into my mouth. The flavor splashed over the roof of my mouth. I squeezed my eyes shut, nursing with such passion. 

She moaned, working her cunt up and down my dick. She rode me for all she was worth. Her pussy gripped me with such passion. I shuddered and panted as that explosive ache built and built at the tip of my cock. I nursed hard. I suckled down all her breast milk I could enjoy. She had so much wonderful cream for me to guzzle down. I swallowed every drop of it I could. It was fantastic to enjoy. I loved every bit of it. Savored every second of it. She felt incredible squeezing about me. 

I gulped down more and more of her breast milk as my balls tightened. I had a big load of cum just for her. All that jizz that she craved, I would give it to her. I would give my mommy-succubus everything she needed.

Wanted.

Desired.

I would be her good boy. 

I grabbed her rump, squeezing her ass as she slammed her cunt down my dick. She flapped her wings and rose up me, her pussy squeezing about my dick. I loved how amazing she felt. How awesome it was to have her working that snatch up and down my dick. I nursed on her, swallowing her milk.

Fuck, I groaned, around her nipple. I rose to that moment of eruption. Oh, fuck, that's good. That's just amazing, Mommy.

She purred, her cunt squeezing down on my cock. She wiggled her hips from side to side, stirring her twat around me. I suckled on her nipple again. More of her milk spilled down my throat. It was so warm. So rich. So perfect.

She moaned, her wings flapping harder. She impaled her twat down my dick. Every inch of her cunt engulfed my cock, massaging the crown. My balls tightened. The ache at the tip of my dick was so ready to erupt.

Yes! she gasped and her pussy went wild around my cock.

Her milk gushed into my mouth. I swallowed down her stream of breast milk while her pussy went wild about my dick. She nursed me. She suckled me with such passion. It was incredible. I drank it all down. My eyes squeezed shut.

I exploded in my mommy-succubus's hot cunt.

Her flesh convulsed around me. She quivered with her passion. I shuddered, stars bursting across my vision. I nursed down all her milk as her pussy suckled out all my spunk. I emptied everything I had ready in my balls into her twat.

Oh, Henry, she moaned. Oh, my obedient Master. Mmm, that was wonderful. She giggled. But your fans are all watching.

I ripped my mouth off her nipple. I made them a promise that if they found you, I would fuck them. I think a group of them found you.

Well then, my mommy purred. You have a reprieve from your lessons. Today only. You did save me from being Lucifer's queen. She shuddered. How utterly revolting.

Yeah, I'd have to have him as a step-dad.

She smiled at me and then slid off my cock. I shuddered as her pussy popped off me. I stood up, facing those girls staring into the room. They were quivering with excitement, all whimpering and moaning. Several of them had that bright light shining out of their fertile wombs.

I had to be careful.

Here I am, I said, moving towards them, arms spread wide. Come and get me.

With a squeal, they did just that. They rushed at me, all of them already naked. Teenage titties quivered, jiggled, and bounced. They squealed, the scent of their hot cunts billowing around them. I breathed in the heady aroma of their youthful passion.

I closed my eyes and let them swarm over me. They grabbed me with their hot hands. They kissed me. Pulled me down into their embraces. I shuddered as they held me tight. It was such an amazing rush. I kissed them with passion, loving the feel of them grabbing me.

It was wonderful. I closed my eyes as they pulled me down into a pile of squealing, feminine flesh. They were all around me. My face planted into a sweet-tasting cunt, brown hair rubbing on my cheeks. Golden-brown thighs squeezing about my head.

My dick slid into a girl's cunt. Not fertile. I could tell that. I licked at the sweet pussy, my tongue dancing through her fold. I pumped away at the other girl. I licked and lapped at her with hunger. It was incredible to enjoy.

Yes, yes, yes! the girl I ate out squealed. Henry! Henry!

Oh, Henry, fuck my cunt! gasped the girl beneath me. I thrust away at her.

Other girls just moaned my name. Hands roamed my body. Lips kissed at me. Licked at me. Mouths sucked on my fingers. My balls. I shuddered, my tongue dancing through the Hispanic girl's sweet cunt, her curls rubbing on my face.

I tongued her. I licked and lapped at her. She tasted so good. I thrust away hard at the tight and juicy cunt. My balls smacked into her taint over and over again. It was such a heady rush to enjoy this moment. I built and built towards my orgasm.

I would have such a big one. Just a mighty burst of rapture. I would flood her in my cum. 

My tongue licked at the Hispanic girl's twat, stirring her up towards her orgasm.

Yes, yes, yes! gasped the girl I fucked, my dick plowing into her cunt. Henry!

Her pussy convulsed around my cock. She bucked beneath me, her twat spasming with such hunger. I groaned, sucking on the Hispanic girl's clit. I buried to the hilt in that spasming twat. It was incredible.

I erupted. I fired my cum into her snatch. I pumped blast after blast of my jizz into her. The Hispanic girl squealed as I did that. Her sweet cream gushed out of her cunt and drowned my thoughts. I shuddered, loving that delight.

I licked and lapped up her juices. It was such an incredible treat to lick up her cream. I savored every moment of it. My dick twitched. I throbbed in her snatch. It was such a perfect moment. I quivered through the ecstasy.

Then I ripped out of her and found myself fucking the Hispanic girl.

She had a tight cunt that writhed around my dick. She suckled at me as the girls squealed about me, all of them wanting a piece of me. Their breasts rubbed on my sides and backs. Their lips kissed mine.

I flooded the Hispanic girl's cunt with my jizz and was pulled into the embrace of another girl who needed my dick in her. I fucked her hard, my balls smacking into her flesh. Such rapture swept through me. I was in heaven.

I came so hard in her. I soaked her pussy in my jizz.

One by one, I fucked the girls. I pounced on them. I knew some of them. I slammed my cock into Tracy's cunt, the blonde squealing. I buggered Erica hard, fucking the girl from my chemistry class while she squealed my name. 

Dominique rode my cock, the Black girl moaning as she bounced up and down. She held two White girls to her tits, savoring them sucking on her as she whimpered and moaned. Her pussy clenched about my cock, bringing me closer and closer to cumming.

Fuck, Dominique! I moaned and basted her cunt.

Henry! she cried out, her body heaving as her twat rippled around my dick. Fuck, fuck, fuck, that's so good. Yes! Oh, you got the best dick in the world!

Blue-eyed Rita I fucked in the asshole and Danni, too. I pounded Britney in the cunt, my dick still dirty from Danni's asshole. I shuddered, reveling in the thrill of fucking all these girls. It was such an intense moment.

They all drifted out after they had their jizz, making room for new girls to slide in. I last track of the time. How many orgasms I had enjoyed. I just kept fucking girls. I had such stamina. I could please them all.

I licked assholes and cunts of girls waiting. I sucked on nipples. I loved every second of it. Soon, there was only a handful of girls. Then four. Three. Two. And at last, there was one, her womb glowing with a bright light.

She knelt before me, parted her butt-cheeks, and begged me to fuck her in the ass. Please, please, ravish me, Henry!

I rammed my cock into her bowels and fucked her hard.

I fired my cum into the last girl I had to fuck. Her asshole rippled and writhed around my dick as I did. She moaned, sucking out all that spunk. I shuddered, my mind bursting with pleasure. I pumped every bit of cum I had brimming in my balls; a new load would quickly form for the next girl. I quivered there, my heart thundering in my chest. 

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, thank you for helping find my mom.

Any time, Henry, she said. I didn't even know her name. That didn't matter. I'm just glad I got to fuck you. Ooh, that was the best in the world. My boyfriend's going to be thrilled that you fucked me. Just thrilled.

I nodded and shuddered. I stood up and found my mother watching me. She had a wicked gleam in her eyes. Panting, I faced her. She arched an eyebrow at me, her big boobs jiggling as she breathed. She had reverted to her human form. No wings. No tail. No horns. Still gorgeous.

So, you got Hector to find the ritual so I would summon you, right?

Mom smiled. Of course. You think I was going to leave that to chance.

And I'm not like other cambions, am I? I folded my arms. 

Just like I'm so much more powerful than other succubi, you are so much more powerful than other cambion. And your seed is special.

I'm going to have succubi for daughters, right? That's what you want.

Corporeal succubi. Not ones bound to the Lilith Qlipha. They will be a part of this world, like you. She smiled. They are going to spread and spread. Over the next centuries, they'll out reproduce the Daughters of Eve. All the Sons of Adam will have Daughters of Lilith as their brides.

That's your plan? I asked. This is all to get back at Eve?

Mmm, yes, she said. You men will all be such good boys to my daughters. Just like you're such a good boy, aren't you? She gave me a wicked grin. Now, we really have to do something about you not breeding every girl you can. I know, I know, you don't want them to all be obsessed with you, but that's a small price to pay to change the world.

I swallowed. A world of succubi. All the women would be like Mom. All the men like me. My daughters would be such wild girls. They would tease boys. Give them passionate sex. Be hotter. They wouldn't grow old, would they? No, no, they would stay hot. Become MILFs, but no older than that. Their bodies were always tight and toned.

Mommy smiled. Yes, you're going to be such a good boy and breed all the women and girls you can. You're going to have so much fun doing it. And, I think, with Mrs. Hemlock's help, we can cut down on that obsession. You have enough wives. For now.

Yes, Mommy, I groaned, eager to do what she wanted. I would be her good boy. 

To be continued...
