The sat-nav told White he was just more than two thirds of the way to his destination. It's friendly, chirpy sounding female voice happily reported to him his progress, as well as the name of the upcoming small coastal town he was about to pass through. He felt as if he had been driving for days. His stomach had only just stopped heaving every few moments, something that made one hundred miles feel like over a thousand, and his mouth tasted of vomit, stomach acid, and blood. He was still shivering, though only in fits, and, for the first time since he had regained enough sense to think, he realized he was hungry. It had been nearly a full day since he had last eaten, he realized, and his blood sugar could probably crawl under a snake with headroom to spare.

I should find a roadside gas station and grab something, he thought. However, he paused, fingers hovering over the sat-nav controls, with a second realization. He would need supplies at his destination, even if someone at command managed to get there before him and stock the house with food. He quickly keyed in a request for the closest grocery and hardware stores. The happy female voice changed his route, directing him to the little shopping mall in the middle of the small town.

Four fast turns and a stop light brought him to the little strip mall, the sort that it seemed every town on this coast had, and saw that it consisted of only four stores: some off brand local grocery store, a hardware store that seemed more bait and tackle than lawn care, a tack and feed store, and a generic ethnic food buffet. One stop shopping, he thought, at its finest.

His mind at least managed to prioritize and organize a list of the various things he needed from the expedition. Basic food staples were purchased; including some very locally grown produce, a jar of ancient looking peanut butter, tinned fish of a few kinds, and some decrepit looking boxes of granola bars. The hardware store proved equally fruitful, if a bit more antiquated than he expected, yielding rope, canvas tarps, a cord of firewood, a first aid kit of remarkable size, a car battery, a few padlocks, and four lengths of aluminum chain. The tack store was a very large bonus, with a staff that was friendly, and, for want of a better description, a general mind that most of what was purchased at their store by out of towners and summer home folks wasn't going to be used on horses. Between their smiles, winks, and nods, he managed to find three different spools of leather cord, a bundle of scrap leather, a good whetstone set for his knives, some general rope tackle, hemp twine, and two boxes of ammo. All of which he had to dump into his back seat and passenger side floor.

Sitting on the hood of the car, he pealed and ate two apples that had likely not seen a tree in six months. Methodically, he cut a slice from the fruit, peeled the slice, and then popped the mealy, overly sweet fruit into his mouth. The wind smelled of the ocean, of seaweed and fish and salt and all the other smells of the surf and tide, and its white noise was only pierced by the screams of shore birds wandered away from the sea to reap the bountiful harvest of human refuse and the rare car or truck that breezed by on the small road that ran through town. White was aware, distantly, of the sticky feeling of the juice from the fruits on his fingers, coating them and the blade of one of his small knives as he peeled the slices as he cut them. When the wind gusted, his fingers felt chilled as the sticky liquid evaporated. He frowned.

The wind gusted again, more strongly, refreshing the smell of the sea. White felt something on his cheek, an odd tingling sensation like a fly walking on the flesh, and reached up to scrub the back of his hand across the skin. He blinked, jerking his hand away, as he realized he was crying.

***

Black became aware, dimly, that the constant roar of motion had stopped, and had been stopped for some time. He was chagrined to realize he had drifted off to sleep at some point, lulled by the noise and motion and the boredom of being in the trunk of a car. He cursed himself, however, for allowing himself to relax enough to fall asleep, no matter that it was a comfortable trunk and he had managed no other sleep in well over a day. It was, as trunks he had been in, a fairly nice one, with a nice plush lining and plenty of room. And his last night of sleep felt like a lifetime ago, back in his warm futon in the little apartment.

As his thoughts wandered, his ears listened. He could hear no real noses other than wind occasionally gusting through the cracks in the car's body panels, and the occasional muffled sound of another car passing by. Where were they, he wondered? Had they arrived at their destination, wherever that was? No, the sound of other cars meant they were still somewhere fairly public and populated. White wouldn't risk opening a trunk with a bound prisoner in it in view of someone else. Would he?

Black bit his lower lip in concentration, then swore to himself. All bets were off, he realized. Better to forget, for the time being, all the schooled reactions and behaviors of a well trained field spy that he expected from White, and instead treat this as an unpredictable, untrained civilian captor. Even if he already had broken the first rule of those situations, which was escape as soon as possible. Civilians were dangerous because they were unpredictable and irrational. White was nearly that bad now.

And it's my fault, Black swore at himself. And for that reason, I'm going to lay here like a sack of flour and wait however long it takes. A second thought floated in distantly behind that one: I should have made that bastard eat his own fingers. Black ground his teeth at the thought of the rogue interrogator he had killed, the one responsible for whatever had happened to White. But Black had realized that even if he could kill him again every day for the rest of his life, it would never be enough. And that was why he was willing to do this, and risk his life.

Distantly, he heard a car door open, and then another one. The car shook, as if weight were being added to the back seat. Black froze, and closed his eyes, slowing his breathing. Minutes passed, then the doors slammed shut, then there was silence, followed by a shift in the suspension, and Black braced himself. Nothing happened. He had expected either the car to start or the trunk to be opened. Neither happened.

Curiosity gnawed at him. How long had he been in the trunk of the car? How far away were they from the city? Black wracked his brain, trying to think of where they might be, but his knowledge of the geography of this area was, to his dismay, lacking. He hadn't been on assignment here, only on holdover before reassignment to somewhere else. He was getting sloppy.

A sudden pang of hunger derailed his thoughts, and he realized it had to be pushing twenty-four hours since he had last eaten. The stir-fry he had made from the last of his food stocks was long gone from his stomach, and his body was beginning to realize it. It wasn't impossible to go without food for a day, in fact it was more the norm for him than not on a mission. But, his body had gotten used to two meals a day, and it always took a few weeks to go back into starvation mode. Until then, he would endure the hunger pains. Water, however, was another story.

Unpredictable, irrational, unthinking – he stopped his litany of insults, either aimed at himself or White, he was unsure, when the sound of the car door opening caught his attention. It closed again, this time with the shift of the suspension that was unmistakably someone getting into the car. The engine started.

Wherever they were going, they weren't there yet.