Ferris Wheel Flashing
by Tweston

Suzi loved flashing and tonight she would flash everyone.

Suzi was wet. In fact, she was probably more wet than she had ever been in her life. Of course, that might have something to do with the fact that she was going to DO something she had never done in her life.

Suzi was going to flash her boobs at the whole world!

Well, she thought to herself, not the whole world, just the entire county.

Over the past couple of years, Suzi had discovered that she loved to flash people. It all started one day when she was riding in her boyfriend's car. She and Terry were both seniors in the local high school. The tiny collection of stores and houses she called home was limited in every way, and if they wanted to do anything besides sit and watch paint peel, they had to drive to the next town over. Movies and shopping and pretty much everything but eating at home with the family was possible only by traveling more than twenty minutes. Sometimes Terry joked that the entire reason the sexiest girl in town kept him as her boyfriend was because he owned a car. Rural Southern Indiana had little to offer teenagers looking for something to do if they had no car.

His was an older car with a convertible top that still worked, and they were speeding with the top down on the old country road that separated the cluster of homes and small shops in which she lived, and which her family actually called a town, from the larger town that had the only movie theater in fifty miles. Her boyfriend, Terry, had wanted to see the new Rambo movie and she went along for the ride. And because she decided she would try something new. She would let her boyfriend feel her boobs tonight.

Suzi found herself getting turned on by her sexy thoughts as they watched the opening of the movie, trying to figure out how she was going to bring this about. A few minutes later, she decided to begin distracting her boyfriend. She was nestled against him with his arm around her shoulders and his hand hanging down but not quite touching her boob. They had made out before, many times, but she had only let him feel her right boob one time. Nothing more, and nothing since. Tonight she was going farther, and the thought of that made her wet.

Suzi shifted her position in the padded movie theater seat until his hand was barely touching her breast. Then she leaned forward slightly to reach for the popcorn, which resulted in Terry's hand actually resting on her boob. She allowed it to remain there without saying or doing anything for several minutes, while he tried to figure out if she was going to let him actually touch and fondle her boobs. Then, subtly, he moved his hand until it was gently holding her boob. She felt a tingle as she let his hand remain on her tit flesh, and she quietly moaned without removing his hand. For several minutes she felt his hand there, until she could stand it no longer.

She lifted her hand and gently placed it over his, pressing his hand into her boob and giving him tacit permission to do more. As expected, his hand slowly cupped her boob, and then closed more firmly over it. He quietly moaned, and he subtly squeezed her flesh. Now, it was her turn to moan. They finished the movie that way -- he gently massaged and squeezed her breast, and she quietly moaned. Suzi looked down and saw that his dick was hard and pressing against his zipper. She couldn't help herself as she grinned in satisfaction.

Suzi had been flat-chested for her entire life. Then, in her Sophomore year, her boobs began to grow. She remembered the day her mother took her on a shopping trip to the next city so Suzi could get her first bra. The sales lady asked her to remove her blouse so she could take some measurements. As she let her blouse slide from her shoulders, Suzi looked down at her tiny boobs. They weren't much, but the fact that her boobs actually existed for the first time was so thrilling to her it almost made her dizzy. Finally, the other girls would stop making fun of her titties. Comments like, "She is a pirate's dream -- a sunken chest!" and "She's a carpenter's dream -- flat as a board." would no longer be thrown at her. And every day, as she dressed for school, she would stand in front of the mirror in her bedroom and will her tits to grow.

And grow they did. In eighteen months, her breasts went from no size or shape other than tiny pink nipples to a large C-Cup and almost a D-Cup, with large nipples that were very dark brown and quite hard almost 24/7. Those hard nipples were centered in large and light-brown areolae that were slightly elliptical in shape. When Suzi compared her tits to those she saw in the porn movies she watched on her laptop, she saw what she believed to be awesome tits, almost perfect in size and shape. They were pert, round, and they hung only slightly from their weight. This allowed them to jiggle and sway when she would move, without being unnaturally large. She knew her boobs were beautiful and sexy, and she was determined to enjoy them.

And the boys at school really noticed. Suddenly, she was popular. Suddenly, all the boys started paying attention to her. Or at least they were paying attention to her tits. So Suzi dressed accordingly. She wore tight sweaters or button-down blouses with the top few buttons undone. She would be conservative in class, but then unbutton as soon as she stepped outside the classroom. And she discovered that she loved it when the boys looked at her tits. Some of the girls were a little nasty about it, but they weren't her friends anyway, so she just ignored them. In fact, she found she enjoyed distracting their boyfriends even more than the rest of the boys.

But the ones she REALLY enjoyed distracting were her teachers. She now sat in the front two rows of her classes instead of sitting in the back rows of all her classes like she used to. And she would wear mostly skirts and dresses to school, instead of the slacks or shorts she usually wore in the past. She would slowly spread her knees while seeming to concentrate on her notes or her textbooks, giving her teachers a clear but apparently accidental view of her panties. Or she would drop her pencil and take extra time picking it up so she could bend over and let them look down her blouse as she showed off her boobs.

Without even understanding her desires, Suzi became an exhibitionist.

Suzi settled on a popular boy who had a car, and teased him with accidental views down her blouses and up her skirts. After a week of teasing, he asked her out and she started dating him. When they had made out in the past, it was always at her house when her parents were out on their date night. As they left for their weekly dinner and a movie, her dad always reminded her of the rules -- "No friends, no alcohol, no cigarettes, and no drugs." And then they would leave her to her boring evening. For most of her high school time, she didn't date. But now that she had tits, lots of boys asked her for dates. And when she started dating Terry, things changed.

Terry insisted on coming over on Friday nights, when Suzi was home alone, and he usually brought beer. Since they were both over eighteen, the legal drinking age in her state, she didn't even hesitate and enjoyed four of them during the first movie they watched. He kissed her within the first few minutes of that first movie and she loved it.

That wasn't her first kiss. Hell, no. But it was her first time actually making out. And they really made out. They kissed and they kissed. For several minutes, they kissed without stopping. Predictably, their kisses developed passion, and suddenly Terry forced his tongue into her mouth. At first, that seemed disgusting to her and she jerked her face away.

"Come on, Suzi, everyone does it!" Terry was almost pleading, so she kissed him again and allowed his tongue to invade her mouth. As uncomfortable as it made her feel, she discovered a level of passion that she had never experienced, and they made out for another ten minutes without interruption. Suzi was discovering just how lacking her life was, not only in entertainment but in worldly information. And the longer they kissed, the more turned on she was by his tongue. She even wondered for just a second how his tongue would feel licking and penetrating her pussy.

But she stopped short of fulfilling any of her fantasies or his. She didn't let him play with her tits and she hadn't even touched his dick as it pushed against his zipper with such force that his tight jeans actually formed a tent. Terry had gone home that night in frustration, and Suzi had her own frustrations. Her entire body was tingling, and she savored that tingling, as she lay in her bed unable to sleep.

So now they were headed home from the next town where they had watched the Rambo movie. She had already finished two beers and they weren't even halfway through the twenty minute drive home. Suzi stood, turned around, and bent over her seat back to retrieve another beer from the cooler in the back seat. And as she did so, the wind blew her skirt up and over her waist.

Suzi screamed in embarrassment, and tried to pull her skirt down. But one hand was still digging in the cooler and the other hand was simply ineffective at holding her skirt down. For a couple of seconds, she panicked, knowing that Terry could see her panties. Worse, anyone driving by could see her tiny panties hugging her tight ass. She had just bought these panties over the Internet and now was embarrassed that she had. They were small, well tiny, actually. Not quite a thong, there was very little material covering her ass and almost nothing covering her pussy. Suzi knew she was hiding very little flesh from anyone watching.

Then a strange thought hit her. She bought those panties, and several pair like them, because she thought they were beautiful. With white lace around the waist and the leg openings, the bold colors of the small amount of material made the panties look beautiful. For several seconds, Suzi thought about her tight, round ass covered in those beautiful panties sticking high in the air, and she suddenly stopped fighting the wind. She grabbed the seat to steady herself and pulled a beer from the cooler. Holding her position, she looked over at Terry and saw that he was staring at her ass, and felt a thrill run through her body. She handed him the beer and he took it, but he never looked away from her tight ass. So she took her time fishing out a second beer and then closing the cooler. She paused for several more seconds, and finally twisted around and settled back into her seat, aware of that tingling sensation going up and down her spine again.

Suzi realized that she liked flashing Terry. And then she realized that she liked flashing. And then she realized that she wanted to do it again.

The next time she flashed someone was a week later. She took the bold step of letting Terry see her panties again on the next date night. She was wearing another short skirt for the movie they were about to watch. And just before she clicked the remote to start the DVD, she decided to get two more beers from the refrigerator.

She knew that Terry could see into the kitchen from his seat in the family room, and she decided to have some fun. With her back to him, she opened the refrigerator door and bent over at the waist like she was looking for something. This gave Terry a clear look at her almost bare ass and her full and puffy pussy lips hugged by her tight panties. After several seconds of flashing him, she seemed to finally find the beer and closed the door after grabbing a couple. As she walked back to the couch, acting like nothing unusual had happened, she noticed that Terry was hard. And more importantly, she saw that he made no attempt to hide it.

And Suzi had that tingling sensation again, this time stronger and focused in her pussy. She felt herself getting quite wet and realized that she was very turned on. That night, she let Terry play with her soft and round and very squeezable tits. And after several minutes of rubbing and squeezing her boobs through the material of her shirt, she unbuttoned the shirt and held it open for him to see her bra. He stared for several seconds and then his hands went for her boobs again.

A few minutes later, Suzi tried to slow down a freight train.

Terry had pulled aside the right cup of her bra and freed her tit. He had all but mangled her boob for a couple of minutes and now was twisting her hard and extended nipple almost viciously, to the point that the mood was broken and she pushed his hand away. As he complained, she had realized that she enjoyed the flashing more than the playing. And Suzi became a driven woman.

The next night she called Terry and asked him to come to her room because she wanted to talk about something. He often visited her room without her parents knowing by coming around the side of the house and climbing in through her bedroom window. Suzi knew she had about four minutes as Terry walked the two blocks that separated their houses within the small neighborhood. She stripped off and walked into her bathroom. She ran the shower for a second and then realized that the charade she was about to put on didn't require her to be wet. She listened for the tap on her window that announced Terry was there.

When she heard the quiet tapping, she walked out of her bathroom and into her bedroom while totally naked. She acted surprised, even horrified, when she saw him standing outside her window. The look of shock and then pleasure she saw on his face almost made her cum. She stifled a fake scream and held her hand over her mouth for several seconds. Then she grabbed the towel she had put on her bed for that purpose and frantically tried to cover herself. But the towel was a small one and could not cover everything that she pretended she wanted to cover. She ended up hiding only one tit, and with her hairy, unshaved pussy still in full view.

She looked down and acted like she was surprised when she saw her pussy was still exposed to Terry's eyes, and she immediately adjusted the towel to hide her pussy. In doing so, she uncovered her second boob to his view. Finally, she uttered a slight scream and ran around the corner and back into her bathroom. As she looked at herself in the mirror, her hands moved to cup her pussy. She watched in the mirror as her fingers found their way inside. She let her fingers push in and out of her pussy for several seconds, enjoying the pleasure that brought. And then Suzi had an orgasm. It was her first. She had read about them and had watched enough porn to see other women who supposedly had orgasms, and she had even talked with her girlfriends about the orgasms they had experienced. She had played with herself a number of times, yet she had never played long enough to actually cum. She had never experienced a real orgasm for herself, and she found that she loved having an orgasm. And then she realized that her first orgasm was a result of flashing someone.

Suzi was now an incurable flasher.

When she finally came out of her bathroom several minutes later, Terry was gone but Suzi didn't care. She lay on her bed and immediately had her fingers in her cunt as she tried to bring herself another orgasm. After several minutes of jamming one and then two and finally three fingers in and out of her pussy, Suzi came again, even more fiercely than before, and made lots of noises announcing it.

Over the next few weeks, Suzi flashed several people and fingered herself to an orgasm after each time. She ordered a pizza and let the delivery boy watch as she dropped a towel that had been wrapped around her. He stood totally still, and looked in shock at her boobs and pussy. Two days later, she sat at McDonald's as she enjoyed her chicken pieces and turned toward three boys she recognized from her school. Slowly, she spread her legs to show off her bare pussy. They made a lot of noise and caused such a ruckus that the manager gave them "that look." She even walked into the local sub sandwich shop with her blouse unbuttoned and tied at her waist. Her nipples were barely covered and the blouse showed an obscene amount of tit flesh. The teenager who made her sandwich stammered as he took her order, and seemed to drop things onto the floor, but the four other customers were kids from her school and they loved the show she was putting on.

Suzi got quite creative about flashing people, loving every experience. In the process, she found a specialty in her exhibitionism. She discovered that it REALLY turned her on to flash a man who was out with his wife or girlfriend. She would let the man see her tits or her pussy but not let the woman see her flashing him. And she loved how the men would squirm and look away and then look back. On more than one of these occasions, Suzi actually had a small orgasm while flashing, and then another one later as she fingered herself.

And finally, Suzi found herself at the county fair with her boyfriend, about to flash the world.

Each year, like most counties around the country, her county sponsored a week of rides and animals and music and family fun. This year, Suzi's county was trying something new. Tonight, Friday, was designated as date night. No kids allowed, the night was reserved for couples only. A romantic theme was planned, with love songs blasting over the loudspeakers in a decidedly unromantic manner.

Suzi planned a date with destiny.

And Suzy was prepared. She had worn a tight sweater made of a soft material that clung to her sexy form. The ample size and perfect shape of her tits were evident as they were wrapped in the soft cotton yarn. But more importantly, her large and erect nipples were quite prominent as they poked into the material in an apparent effort to escape out and into the world. Her short skirt flared out as if it were a typical cheer leader skirt, which allowed it to fly and even flip up with the slightest breeze. Plus, every time she spun around, which was often, the hemline would rise almost to her waist, revealing the fact that she had worn no panties. Her excitement, both real and feigned, resulted in her frequent spinning, giving her many opportunities to flash Terry. Naturally, as she flashed Terry, many people standing around her would see. Suzi could feel her juices as they trickled down the insides of her thighs, and she made no attempt to hide the rivulets of her hot secretions.

Terry had just bought cotton candy and sodas for them to share, with the typical and only sometimes romantic "feeding" of cotton candy to each other. And, just as she expected, Terry stuffed a wad of cotton candy down the neckline of the stretchy sweater she had worn. She had decided to wear no bra, leaving her nipples to push against the soft material of the sweater, and Terry aimed for the valley between those nipples with the sticky candy. Suzi screamed in fake surprise, and then pulled the neckline of her sweater down, as if to retrieve the candy, exposing her entire left breast to him. At least, she thought it was to him. She hadn't considered the fact that she was facing away from the food trailer and toward the crowd of people, and that her left boob was seen by dozens and maybe hundreds of fair goers. Even more important, she saw a number of women jab their elbows into the ribs of the men they were with, demanding that the men look away from Suzi's pert and almost perfect tit. Without exception, the men turned away as demanded by their wives or girlfriends. And without exception, they all turned back to look again. And Suzi almost came from that.

She was so turned on by being seen by so many men that she didn't even realize she was still flashing her tit to everyone. After what must have been several seconds, Terry finally said something. She was so distracted that she had no idea what he said, but hearing his voice was all that was needed to remind her to cover up. She quickly adjusted her sweater to conceal her boob, and then just stood there for another couple of seconds feeling the juices ooze from her pussy.

SUZI WAS SO TURNED ON!

And this was only the beginning of the evening.

The two of them finished eating and drinking, with Terry showing an obvious boner the entire time. Seeing his physical response to her flashing turned her on even more, and she knew she was on the verge of an orgasm. She knew that all she had to do was lift her skirt and barely touch herself and she would cum, but she resisted the urge. She settled instead for touching her tits several times, a supposedly unconscious move on her part that was totally appreciated and appreciated by Terry. And she absolutely loved teasing him. If it were possible, and she was pretty sure it wasn't, his dick seemed bigger and harder from her teasing him than she had ever seen, and he finally spoke to her.

"If you don't stop touching your tits, I think I am going to cum right here." His voice showed the anguish he was feeling, and Suzi almost felt sorry for him.

"Oh, was I doing that?" Her question naturally resulted in both hands moving to her boobs in a faked effort to cover them. But instead, she spread her fingers to let her nipples protrude between her fingers, stimulating them and making them stick out even farther. God, she loved teasing him! His eyes glazed over as he stared at her chest, and she suddenly realized that he might be too distracted to remember the plan for the evening.

"Now, you remember what to do, right?" She tried to hide the anxiety she was feeling and was only partially successful. He answered with a little impatience in his voice.

"Yes, I remember. We ride the Ferris Wheel for one full ride. Then I get off and you take a second ride by yourself. And just before they let you off, you take off your sweater and throw it down to me. I take it back to the car and you join me after running through the fair grounds while flashing your boobs at everyone. Hopefully, you don't get arrested and we drive away before anyone calls the cops." Terry had an evil grin on his face as Suzi nodded. She tried to convince herself that she was ready for this, but her anxiety level was through the roof. She had never done anything like this and she was full of second thoughts about it. But she was determined to go through with it, no matter how much anxiety she felt.

After what seemed like an eternity, they found themselves in line for the Ferris Wheel. Suzi could feel her nipples getting harder than they had ever been and her juices were simply flowing past her pussy lips from the anticipation. Her breathing was shallow and rapid, almost ragged, something that Terry noticed.

"God, you are really turned on by this, aren't you?" He looked closely at her as he asked the question, almost staring at her chest. His dick had never been so hard, prominent as it extended down the left leg of his jeans. Suzi just looked at him, grinned widely, and nodded her head.

Terry paid for their tickets and they finally boarded the ride, with the attendant taking a long look at her erect nipples while he checked to make sure the teenagers were safely in place. Suzi watched his eyes and smiled a very sexy smile at him. She clasped her hands over her boobs as if to hide them from his stare, and then she squeezed them together to emphasize their size for his viewing. The kid almost choked and then quickly looked away, his boner quite evident. And Suzi just grinned wider.

A few seconds later, the ride started moving, taking her and Terry a little higher. Then the ride stopped long enough for the next couple to be seated and checked by the attendant. This happened several more times until the Ferris Wheel was fully occupied, and then the ride began its expected revolutions. Suzi almost squealed in pleasure as she took a good look at the fair and the people enjoying it.

"God, there are so many people here!" Her exclamation could be clearly heard above the noise and music of the ride, and she felt even more of her juices leak out of her pussy as she watched. Without thinking, she reached under her skirt and touched herself, feeling her fingers get wet from her secretions. She felt more than saw Terry's eyes on her, so she looked at him while she slowly brought her fingers from her pussy and touched them to her lips. She had to keep from laughing when she saw the look on his face, wondering of he was going to pass out from her actions.

After looking around at all the people on the ground far below her, Suzi looked at Terry again. He wasn't looking at the scenery below them but was, instead, fixated on her chest. She grinned more to herself than to him, and slowly raised her hands to cover her boobs. She grabbed them, and then squeezed them, causing his eyes to widen. She moved her hands to the outsides of her tits and pushed them together, causing an even greater amount of cleavage to rise to his examination.

After teasing him unmercifully for almost a minute, she felt sorry for him. So she pulled on the bottom of her sweater, causing it to stretch down far enough to almost reveal her nipples. Terry's mouth opened as if to say something but no sound came out, and Suzi tried hard to not laugh at his expression. The way men reacted to seeing her tits always seemed funny to her, yet she was totally turned on by their reactions. So she was again torn between her two very different feelings. After several seconds of almost showing her nipples, she decided grant his unasked wish. Suzi pulled just a little harder on her sweater and her boobs popped out of their confinement, allowing him to see her breasts as they were completely exposed to his view. As luck would have it, her tits popped out of the confines of her sweater just as they were approaching the bottom of the circular ride. Suzi burst out laughing as her eyes landed on the teenage attendant staring at her exposed tits. His eyes were stretched as wide open as possible, and his mouth formed a large O, as he stood there in astonishment. Two seconds later, the Ferris Wheel had taken her out of the kid's view as it continued its circular ride. Watching the teenager caused Suzi to squeal in excitement and she didn't even hesitate as she jammed two fingers deep into her pussy.

With Terry watching, she pushed her fingers in and out for no more than thirty seconds, and then she came. And came. And she continued in her orgasm with all the shaking and shuddering and gasping that a woman could want. It was a full thirty seconds before her pussy spasms subsided, long enough for another trip past the attendant. With Terry getting a close view of her pussy and the attendant getting a passing view, her intense sexual excitement could not be held in check. Suzi came again, only seconds between her first and her second orgasm. This was a first for her -- having two orgasms so close together. It was also the first time she had frigged herself in front of others. The excitement was so intense that she knew she could cum again in another minute or so if she just kept at it. Suzi was amazed at how excited this evening was making her.

And the best was yet to cum!

She looked again at Terry and saw how much this was turning him on. So she smiled at him and slowly removed her fingers from her pussy. Still watching him, she moved her fingers to her lips and gradually pushed them into her mouth. Without losing eye contact, she licked them clean just as slowly. Her boyfriend looked like he was in pain as he unconsciously licked his lips. It appeared that he would have fallen out of the Ferris Wheel compartment if he hadn't been penned in by the steel restraining bar. Suzi stifled a laugh because she didn't want to hurt his feelings.

By the time the ride was over, Suzi had composed herself and adjusted her clothing so she was presentable to the people on the ground. The teenage attendant was still showing wide eyes and a boner as he pulled open the restraining bar to their compartment. Terry got out but Suzi remained, drawing a questioning look from the kid. Suzi smiled sweetly to him as she explained her intention to take another ride. The kid grinned widely, as he thought about what she might do on a second ride, and he latched the restraining bar to safely lock her in. When she offered him a ticket for her second ride, he refused with a crooked grin.

"Just call it a tip for the entertainment." He seemed almost embarrassed as he spoke, and his eyes dropped from her chest to the ground. Suzi almost laughed.

"Did you like the show?" She used the sexiest voice she could as she asked her question, and the teenager's eyes jerked back up to her tits. He stammered a positive reply, and then grinned at her again.

"Good. I'm glad. And guess what?" She leaned closer to him and the attendant almost tripped as he echoed her action. "The show is not over..." Suzi leaned back and winked at him. And for a moment there, his expression went through several very intense and very rapid changes. Suzi leaned back in the bench-like seat and paused, wondering if the kid had just cum in his pants. She smiled to herself. She was beginning to see the power that a sexy woman had over men, but it turned her on too much to consider the implications of that thought right now. And then the ride jerked her backward as the wheel rotated enough to take on a couple of new passengers.

As the ride began to revolve in earnest, Suzi wondered how she should tease the attendant. As much as she wanted to flash her tits to him every time her compartment reached the bottom of its revolution, she had to remember that there were more than a dozen couples in line who could see her, too. If she lifted her sweater each time she went around, she was sure that some jealous wife or girlfriend would call the police on her. The more she thought about it, the more she thought it best that she stick to the plan. On her last trip around, and while she was at the top of the ride, she would pull off her sweater and toss it to her boyfriend down on the ground. This way she wouldn't be putting on a show for very long, and she would be on the ground headed for the parking lot before any police arrived. She got so excited thinking about this that she felt more of her juices leaking out of her pussy.

Suzi was almost uncontrollable as the Ferris Wheel continued in its circular journey. With each revolution she was closer and closer to the most erotic event of her life. While she didn't take off her top for the attendant, or even lift it for a quick flash, she couldn't keep her fingers away from her pussy. She was so turned on by all this that she kept at least two fingers in her cunt the entire ride. She couldn't be certain what the couples in line could see, but she could certainly tell by the attendant's expressions that he was well aware of what was going on between her legs.

He stood directly in front of her each time her compartment made another rotation, and she made sure to spread her legs for him each time she moved into his view. His position on the ground in front of the ride allowed him several seconds of entertainment as the wheel came full circle. He would get a quick glimpse of her pussy, she would get a quick rush of excitement, and her pussy would just flow with juices. It was a perfect arrangement with all parties satisfied. Suzi smiled to herself, and then slipped a couple inches forward because of the large amount of juices draining from her very excited pussy. She looked down and was amazed at the puddle of pussy cream under her ass. She was glad now that she had lifted her skirt when she sat down, placing her bare ass on the hard plastic seat. While she had to hold on to the retraining bar to keep from sliding in her seat, at least she had kept her skirt from getting soaked. After all, she still had to go home and get past her parents before she made it to the safety of her room. A skirt drenched from her juices would be easily seen and certainly smelled by her very restrictive parents, and she did NOT want that to happen tonight.

Suzi's thoughts were jerked from sneaking past her parents when the ride jerked to a halt to let off it's first passengers and let on new customers. She looked down and saw that there were four compartments to be emptied and refilled before hers. Then she looked over the edge and saw Terry standing in the grass next to the Ferris Wheel, just where he should be. Suzi froze, fear gripping her heart for a moment. And then she remembered flashing the attendant and the expression on his face each time she did. Suzi felt herself let go of the fear and cling to the excitement of flashing all these people.

And she did it.

She pulled her sweater over her head and threw it toward Terry all in one smooth move. She didn't want to hesitate because she wasn't certain she would go through with it if she stopped partway through the plan. She watched her sweater fall to the grass, waving and flapping and fluttering during the fall almost as if waving goodbye to her on the way to the ground. Suzi looked around the grounds from her perch high above the people, and the number of couples wandering around on the ground was surprising.

Suddenly, Suzi felt another gush of pussy juices escape the very wet lips of her very wet pussy, and she was ready for her walk to the parking lot. She really wanted to take her time walking because it would give her more opportunities to flash the men as they escorted their women around the fairgrounds. She really, almost desperately, wanted to see the men stare at her as she walked past them, and she wanted to see the women elbow their men. She really wanted to see the men choose to look at her instead of the women they were with. More pussy juice leaked out of her cunt as she waited for the next couple to settle in their Ferris Wheel compartment.

And then she was there.

Her compartment stopped at the bottom of the circle and swung back and forth for a few seconds until it settled. Normally the attendant would take a strong grip on the restraining bar and force the compartment to stop swinging, but the attendant was just standing there looking at the beautiful teenager with the perfect tits and no sweater to get in the way of the view. Suzi just sat proudly, thrusting her tits toward the kid and letting him take a good look.

Finally, all motion stopped and Suzi got ready to exit the ride and begin her walk across the fairgrounds. But the attendant still had not moved. His mouth was slightly open and his eyes were wide open as he just stood there staring at her large boobs with the huge nipples. After several seconds, someone in line yelled at the attendant, jerking him back from his fantasies, and he stepped forward to unlatch the restraining bar that supposedly kept Suzi in her seat. This gave the teenage boy a close-up view of what was probably the most perfect tits he had ever seen. And she couldn't let the opportunity pass without spreading her legs and flashing him a clear view of the pussy he had been only glimpsing as it had traveled past him.

He jerked to a stop, freezing as he stared at her puffy lips oozing liquid, forming a large puddle of pussy juices on the seat under her bare ass. Finally, in what seemed like a huge effort, he seemed to shake himself and focus, and then he continued to unlatch her restraining bar and help her exit the ride. The huge grin on his face silently worded a thank you, and Suzi smiled at him as sweetly as she could.

Then she headed for the exit next to the couples still in line, waiting for their turn, conscious of the comments from the dozen couples standing in line. Almost every man there stared at her tits as she walked by, and more than one woman elbowed her man to distract him from the distraction. In addition, more than one woman stared with appreciation, causing an unexpected gush of more juices to stream down the insides of Suzi's thighs. She could feel the liquid cascading down her legs and she knew it showed. But that was part of the excitement. She felt the urge to stop and scoop up some of her juices so she could slide her juicy fingers into her mouth and lick them clean right here in front of everyone, but she was already concerned that some jealous wife would call the police, so Suzi just continued walking.

Everywhere she walked, people stared. Her thighs were soaked all the way to her feet, where she could feel her juices pooling in the sneakers she wore. She was amazed at how much liquid was being produced by her pussy, and she was thrilled by it because she knew that people could see it. As gross and even forbidden it was for people to see her wetness, it was turning her on even more.

She was simply buzzing with sexual energy as she walked toward the large entry/exit to the fairgrounds. The comments she overheard excited her, but the open staring from so many men and even women was incredible. She could hear what was clearly the swishing sounds of her wet thighs as they rubbed together.

As she walked toward three women standing near one of the food hutches, one of them separated herself from her two friends and stepped into Suzi's path. The woman was in her mid-thirties and quite attractive, a thin and almost athletic body with small tits but large and very hard nipples. She just oozed sensuality. The woman looked directly into Suzi's eyes for several seconds before speaking.

"You are getting a lot of attention. You need someone to walk with you to keep the animals from pawing you."

The woman's assertive actions surprised Suzi, and she found herself getting a little excited by it. She had experimented with one of her girlfriends before, but it only happened once and it didn't last very long. It left Suzi wanting more, while it left her girlfriend disgusted. For just a moment she considered the woman's offer. At the very least, Suzi thought, the woman might be interested in joining her boyfriend for the plans Suzi had. But then she thought about Tommy, realizing that he was too young and too excitable to handle two women at the same time. Suzi grinned, thinking that he would probably cum in his pants as soon as two women stood in front of him. She planned to get fucked tonight and didn't want anything to get in the way of that, and closed her eyes for a second in regret. After several more seconds, Suzi replied to the woman.

"Your offer is appreciated and would be welcome, but I am on a tight schedule from a detailed plan, and I regret that I cannot take you up on your offer." Suzi's eyes showed her disappointment, and the woman seemed to accept Suzi's reply with a shrug and a wistful smile. And both of them turned back to their previous activities.

More stares, more comments, and more elbow actions followed Suzi as she walked toward the parking lot. After what seemed like forever, but was probably less than three minutes, Suzi saw Tommy's car. The relief that flowed through her body was both visceral and disappointing.

The several minutes of flashing her boobs to a few thousand people was the most intense sexual experience of her inexperienced life, and she knew that she was going to have to try something like this again. A quick vision of her next school assembly, with her standing totally nude on center stage, flooded her mind and her pussy, as she yanked open the door to her boyfriend's car, getting in and slammed it shut behind her.

And suddenly she was shaking. The muscles in her legs and arms and even her stomach were uncontrollable, and she experienced the greatest Adrenalin rush of her life. Her breathing was too hard for her to speak, and she settled for flashing a smile at Tommy as he sat in the driver's side seat staring at her body. After several seconds, Suzi asked for her sweater. Tommy acted embarrassed.

"Well, when you threw it to me, the wind carried it into the machinery and I couldn't get it. Your sweater is back under the Ferris Wheel." Suzi was recovering from her wash of feelings enough to doubt his words, but she was in a hurry to get away from there and she ignored her sweater for a moment.

"Let's leave before the cops show up and arrest me." Her command showed how nearly breathless she was, but Tommy's response was nearly immediate. He started the car and headed away from the fairgrounds as quickly as he could, glad that she didn't question him about her sweater. And as he drove away, he kept looking over at her boobs with a huge grin.

"Where are we going?" His almost casual question interrupted Suzi's thoughts of her experience. She looked around and saw that they were just entering the small town where she lived. And she saw something that caused her heart to skip a beat. A short distance in front of them was the entrance of a small park where the teenagers often came to make out because it was wooded and there were no lights. She quickly pointed there and Tommy braked enough to turn into the wooded drive to the dark park. He looked at Suzi with a question in his eyes, and she responded.

"I need to stop and think. So please pull over here." She pointed to a picnic area with several tables and grills. There were also several cars, although Suzi couldn't see anyone around. She knew that meant that some teenagers were in the bushes surrounding the picnic area, but she didn't even think about them. As her breathing slowed to normal and her thoughts returned to her control, she was looking at the wooden tables near the car. Tommy parked and turned off the engine. Then he turned in his seat to get a better look at her.

Suzy paused for a few seconds as she looked around, and then she opened her door and got out of the car. She was still topless, but that was what she wanted. She walked the ten feet to the nearest table and turned to look at Tommy. She motioned with her finger for him to join her, a wide smile stretched across her face, and Tommy wasted no time in getting out of the car and walking over to her. The two of them sat on the bench seat of the picnic table and said nothing for a few seconds.

Suzi leaned into him, letting her left boob with its hard nipple press into his arm. She stretched enough to whisper into his ear.

"It doesn't look like there is anyone around." And she gently kissed his ear. As if it was scripted, Tommy twisted his body and put his arms around her. Then he kissed her briefly. Suzi pulled him close and pressed her lips to his, clearly intent on more than a brief kiss. They kissed for several seconds, tongues doing battle, but Tommy seemed uninterested in anything more than a kiss. Suzi was perplexed.

In the past, he kissed with passion, even urgency, and she had to restrain him as his hands would begin to wander, but tonight he seemed hesitant. Suzi was too turned on to be patient, and she took one of his hands in hers. She pressed his hand against one of her tits and held it there, thinking that he should get the message that she wanted him to explore her body. And it worked because he started squeezing her boob. But he was surprisingly gentle, barely squeezing her boob and only lightly playing with her nipple.

This was not what Suzi wanted. She was so turned by her activities that she simply wanted to be fucked. So she pushed him back a couple of inches, deciding to make it even more clear what she wanted. She stood up and pulled her skirt down to her ankles, stepping out of it. Then she climbed onto the table and lay on her back. Looking into his eyes with an obvious "fuck me" expression, she made things as clear to him as possible.

"Tommy, fuck me. Please!" The urgency in her voice was obvious, but it still didn't match her urges. She wanted him to fuck her NOW! She couldn't believe how turned on she was, and she couldn't believe that he had to be told what she wanted. She dropped her head to the table and spread her legs as wide as possible. Then she reached down below her waist and and forcefully jammed three fingers into her cunt. She quickly started the in and out motions that would certainly get him started, but he still took a couple of seconds to watch her.

"Now, Tommy!" echoed off the nearby trees and Tommy finally got the hint.

He immediately stood and jerked off his shirt. Then he unfastened his belt and pants and pushed them to his knees. He almost fell over trying to get his pants past his shoes, and finally had to take the time to untie and remove his sneakers. Then he climbed on the table top with her. Kneeling between her legs, he paused long enough to look at her unshaved pussy and briefly wondered why she didn't shave like all the girls he saw in the Internet porn that he watched every night. And then he leaned forward and tried to shove his very hard dick into her very wet pussy.

His moves were awkward and Suzi wondered for a moment if Tommy was a virgin. That she was a virgin was about to become clear to him, but that he might be a virgin was almost a shock to her. She had heard several girls in her classes talk about Tommy's cock, giggling at how big he was. And while she had only heard them talk about handjobs and blowjobs, she assumed that more had happened than that. But from what she was seeing, apparently not. And this was a little disappointing because she had hoped that he would know what he was doing enough to make up for her inexperience.

Well, she thought to herself, we will just have to learn together because I am getting fucked tonight.

Tommy had watched enough porn that he knew to rub his cock up and down her slit to make sure he was wet enough to enter her. But when he pushed slowly into her cunt, he discovered she was so wet that he didn't need to have bothered. And then he bumped into something that seemed hard and impassable only a few inches in.

"Are you a virgin?" His question showed surprise, almost shock. She silently nodded to him, knowing what came next. She gritted her teeth in expectation of the pain that was to come. Tommy looked closely at her and then jerked his hips forward, taking her cherry with only a small amount of hesitation.

Suzi was startled at the pain, but then was surprised that it hurt so little. She was expecting much more pain that she actually felt. And after a couple of strokes, even that pain was subsiding. In another minute, there was no pain at all, and she settled into a rhythm that she knew would make her cum.

Just as she was getting excited, Tommy shouted and jerked into her several times. She could feel him spasm, and could even feel him cum inside of her, but was more than a little disappointed that she didn't cum. She was so turned on and she wanted to cum so bad. But Tommy just slowly rolled over onto the table top next to her, breathing heavily, with no apparent concern for her pleasure. She raised herself on one elbow and was about to slap him when she noticed that they had an audience.

At least half a dozen couples surrounded the table, obviously watching her and Tommy. Immediately, Suzi tried to remember if she had said or done anything that might have sounded stupid to her audience. After a couple of seconds thinking about it, she decided that Tommy might have looked like he didn't know what he was doing, but that she had simply looked like she was really horny. She visibly relaxed, looking at the mostly high schoolers standing around. Tommy was on his back with his eyes closed, totally unaware of the people surrounding them, and Suzi almost laughed at the thought of what he might do when he saw them. And then Tommy screamed.

"Shit!" He tried to cover up but all his clothes were on the ground at least five feet away. His dick, which Suzi saw was still hard, was almost slapped to the side in his rush to cover up. His actions were so frantic that he actually rolled off the table onto the grass, and he was still shouting, "Shit!" Several people watching them laughed, and some applauded. Suzi felt no desire to cover up.

In fact, she wasn't even embarrassed that some of her school mates had seen her having sex. She recognized two of the girls and four of the boys as she looked around. And then the thrill hit her. She felt a rush and an excitement, and an urge to spread her legs to let everyone look. She was amazed at how much it turned her on to have an audience during sex. She knew she loved to be watched as she simply flashed people, but she was almost shocked at how much it thrilled her to know they were watching her having sex. She felt a wave of juices flood out of her pussy and she was confident it was not all Tommy's cream.

And then a perverted urge took over. While Tommy grabbed his clothes and tried to get dressed as quickly as he could, Suzi just lay back on the table. She slowly spread her legs as she had for Tommy, but this time she slid a couple fingers into her pussy, moving them around a little to gather as much cum as she could. And then she pulled them out and slowly raised her dripping fingers to her lips. Pushing them into her mouth, she sucked them clean with a dozen teenagers watching her.

"Yum! He tastes so good." Suzi looked around, lingering for a moment on a couple of the girls. "Anyone else want some?" She waited to see if one of the girls responded. And she was quite surprised when one of the girls she knew from her Biology class slowly stepped forward. Standing next to the table, she didn't say anything, but looked at Suzi with a hopeful expression. Suzi dipped her fingers into her sopping cunt again, and then held them out to the girl, whose name was Rachel.

"Rachel, you want to taste Tommy and me?" The girl said nothing, but slowly nodded, and Suzi extended her fingers to the girl. Rachel leaned forward and hesitantly licked the extended fingers. Suzi almost came right there, and Rachel moaned like she was also cumming. No one else said a word, content to watch the erotic show in front of them. Suzi decided to press things further.

"More?" The question was quiet, intended for Rachel, but everyone else was standing close enough to hear. Rachel slowly nodded, a shy smile spreading across her pretty face. Suzi dipped her fingers into her wet pussy and pulled them out for Rachel. This time the girl was more assertive, taking Suzi's hand by the wrist and firmly sucking the juices from the fingers. This gave Suzi a really perverted idea, and she almost recoiled from her thought. After allowing Rachel a few seconds to thoroughly clean her fingers, Suzi quietly asked the girl a question.

"Would you like to skip the fingers and lick me?" Suzi couldn't believe that she actually asked the question, and yet she couldn't deny how much the girl's response turned her on. Rachel hesitantly nodded, and moved to the end of the table where there was no bench seat, Then, kneeling on the grass, she reached for Suzi's legs and pulled the dripping pussy to within a couple inches of her face. Slowly, hesitantly, she looked into Suzi's eyes almost as if asking permission. Suzi spread her legs as wide as possible and nodded to the girl. Rachel reached out her tongue and barely touched it to Suzi's pussy. Getting only a drop or two on her tongue, she moved her tongue around in her mouth to more fully taste the cum. Then she stuck her tongue out again, this time not hesitantly, and she began to lick up and down the lips, causing Suzi to moan loudly.

After several seconds of this, Suzi dropped back onto the table, the skin of her back feeling the cold wood. Rachel was really getting into it, licking and sucking Suzi's cunt in an effort to get all the juices she could. Both girls were moaning loudly and the crowd pulled in closer to get a better view of the pornographic action in front of them. In the few minutes it took for Rachel to gather all the juices she could from Suzi's pussy, Suzi came twice. The first was almost gentle, more from the newness of the experience than anything else. But the second orgasm was a real bell-ringer.

Suzi split her attention from watching Rachel feast on her pussy to watching everyone around her get turned on by the show. She noticed that two of the boys were fondling the boobs of their dates, and two girls had had dicks in their mouths as they tried to watch the display in front of them. With all this going on, and with the incredible pleasures of Rachel going down on her, Suzi had the most intense orgasm of her life. She screamed to the stars and arched her back to a painful degree. The shuddering and shivering she felt travel throughout her body was incredible. She couldn't breathe so she only screamed once, but the intensity of her experience was clear in her totally still form, frozen in pleasure as if glued to the table top. And then Suzi collapsed, dizzy and exhausted from her orgasm.

After almost a minute, she realized that Rachel was still gently licking her pussy, and Suzi looked down at the girl. Motioning for her to move up to her face, Suzi found herself kissing Rachel in thanks for the incredible pleasures she had received from the girl. And then she found herself kissing Rachel because she liked the taste of the mingled juices on her lips and in her mouth. And then she found herself kissing Rachel because she really liked kissing Rachel. After what must have been a couple of minutes, the two girls parted lips. Suzi mouthed a silent thank you and Rachel smiled back. And both girls took a minute to let their breathing slow to normal. And then Suzi had another perverted idea.

"My pussy seems to be empty, and I really liked the feeling of cum filling me. Anyone interested in filling my pussy again?" The idea of getting fucked had consumed her on the trip back from the fair. And the idea of having another girl clean her up had seemed both nasty and exciting. But suddenly the idea of another boy fucking her was driving her wild. She didn't even look around for Tommy, having almost forgotten him in her excitement. But silence greeted her question.

"Come on. You can't tell me that none of you boys got turned on enough to fuck me right here in front of everyone. Surely one of you boys is turned on enough to show some guts. Someone please fuck me! I want a dick in me!" The last was almost shouted as Suzi got more and more excited about the idea. And suddenly, two of the boys almost jumped forward in response to her plea for someone to fuck her.

Suzi told the two boys to strip and take turns. They hesitated for just a second, and then almost tore off their clothes. The date of one of them verbally complained, calling out his name. But the girl that was with the other boy actually stepped up to help him get undressed. And because of the help, the second boy was naked first. Suzi scooted across the table toward him, placing her pussy in easy reach. And, in spite of Rachel cleaning her up, Suzi could feel the juices oozing from her pussy in anticipation of this new level of sexual activity. She didn't even ask his name, she just grabbed his cock and fed it to her hungry pussy.

This boy seemed about as inexperienced as Tommy had seemed, and he had to poke around a little to find her hole. But between his poking and her directing, he was soon thrusting into her. And his efforts were hard and fast. Within a couple of minutes he emptied what seemed to be a huge load into Suzi's cunt. She could feel it oozing out and coating her asshole. But she didn't slow down.

"Sloppy seconds bother you?" Her question was directed to the second boy with the pissed off date, and he didn't answer. He just stepped up and rammed his dick deep into her cunt. Clearly, this boy knows what he is doing. Suzi's comment was silent as she chuckled to herself. And the boy's long and deep strokes began to have their effect on her. She was becoming very turned on as she watched him approach his orgasm. What's with these boys? It only takes them a couple of minutes?

Again, Suzi's question was silent because she didn't want to irritate anyone. The more she was being fucked, the more she was looking forward to being fucked again. Tommy was totally absent from her thoughts as she considered the possibility of fucking all six of the boys here. And the idea really turned her on.

Just then the boy grunted loudly and Suzi could feel him spurting his cum deep inside her. This turned her on so much that it caused her to cum, too. The two of them enjoyed their coupling for a few more seconds, and then the boy pulled out. Suzi was surprised when the boy's date stepped up and knelt in front of him, taking his dripping cock deep into her mouth. Suzi watched her for a moment, impressed with the girl's skills. And then she had another perverted thought.

"Anyone hungry for some cum?" Suzi looked at Rachel but was surprised when another girl jumped forward and knelt in front of her pussy. With two loads, Suzi knew the girl had a serious cleanup job in front of her, but the girl seemed to respond to the challenge. She pushed her tongue deep into Suzi's pussy, trying to gather as much cum into her mouth as possible. Another thirty seconds and she seemed to have accomplished her goal. Then, without saying anything, the girl stood and walked over to Suzi's face. She slowly bent over and Suzi had no idea what the girl intended. Then she pressed her lips to Suzi's lips, surprising her with the kiss.

For a second, Suzi hesitated, and then she settled into the passionate kiss the girl was offering. But as Suzi pressed her tongue into the girl's mouth, she was shocked to feel the girl's lips parting and a mouthful of cum poured into Suzi's mouth. Immediately, Suzi recoiled and the girl chuckled, mumbling something about sharing. And as Suzi thought about it, she discovered that her excitement level increased even more than before. Suzi was amazed at how this evening was turning out. It was so far beyond exciting that she had no words to describe it. So she just settled into enjoying it.

An hour later, Suzi tried to sit up in the table top. She was weak and exhausted from all the sex. She had been fucked by Tommy, and then by all six of the boys who had watched her and Tommy, and then by two of them again. She had been eaten out by three different girls, and by Rachel a second time. She had swapped cum three times, tasting several different boys. And she had gone down on one of the girls when her date had fucked her instead of Suzi.

Suzi was exhausted, but she was still excited. This had been the most incredible night of her life, and she didn't want it to end. But she knew she had to get home before her protective father called the police.

It turned out that Tommy had left, although when he actually left Suzi had no idea. Apparently, he didn't like the idea of his girlfriend being fucked in public by half a dozen strangers. But Suzi found that she didn't care. She had uncovered in herself such a deep craving for sex, especially sex while being watched, that she knew Tommy alone could never satisfy her. And she discovered that she enjoyed kissing and eating other girls almost as much as she loved getting fucked.

In fact, Suzi had gone from virgin to serious sex addict all in one night. And she loved it.

Suzi knew she would never be the same.

The only problem would be finding more and better ways to experience sex, but she knew it would be a problem that she would love solving.


