The first thing Vinnie saw when he opened the back door of the deserted garage was a yellowed 1986 Motorcycle Babes calendar. Miss November looking a lot like Madonna and getting friendly with her Kawasaki. From somewhere beyond the calendar Frank's voice came, "What's the emergency?"

He sounded more tired than worried. Perhaps that was a good sign. Vinnie wanted -- no, needed -- a calm Frank now more than anything.

Stepping fully into the garage office and leaning against a dusty counter, Vinnie hesitated before answering, "We have to go in with what we've got. We can't wait for the wedding."

McPike's eyes took on that ready-to-hit-the-roof look Vinnie dreaded. Jaw set, he asked, "Why?"

"Sonny knows about the hit."

Frank's eyes widened, his frown deepened, and Vinnie could see him adding two plus two and getting five.

"I expressly told you not to tell him," Frank grated.

"I didn't tell him," Vinnie countered. "He already knew about it."

"How?"

"I don't know. Does it matter? He wanted to know why I didn't tell him."

Frank relaxed just a little. "What did you say?"

Vinnie shoved his hands into his pockets and looked down at the floor, shrugging. "I said I was going to tell him. Had to do some backpeddling. I'll tell you, it wasn't easy."

"Do you think he bought it?"

Vinnie stared even harder at the cracked cement floor. "Yeah."

Frank moved closer. "You're sure? Look, Vince, if you're not 110% certain, I'm pulling you out right now," Frank said, voice rising slightly. "If he thinks you're holding back on him, you are history."

Vinnie looked up. "I'm sure, okay? I convinced him." He knew he looked guilty, and imagined Frank could somehow see his memories, see the truth.

Frank gave him a doubtful look. "There's something you're not telling me, and I just know I'm not gonna like it."

Vinnie sighed in resignation. He hadn't wanted to tell anybody, not Sonny, least of all Frank... "Sonny believes me because I told him about my meet with Patrice. How I sealed my cover with Pat."

Frank waited, gaze drilling into him. "And?"

Vinnie shifted restlessly. "I slept with Patrice."

Frank stared at him in shock. "You what?!" Frank made a visible effort to remain calm. He took a short pace backward, turned, turned again, paced back.

Vinnie watched as the shock wore off, replaced by irritated surprise.

"How come I'm only finding out about this now?" His voice cracked a little. He was keeping his temper in check, for which Vinnie was grateful.

Hands in pockets, shoulders knotted up, Vinnie shook his head. "I wanted to forget about it, Frank. I didn't want to think about it."

Frank was silent for a moment. He said, "I can understand that." He was trying to be patient, to be sympathetic, Vinnie could tell from his tone of voice. "But something like this -- you shouldn't have held back on me. This changes everything," he concluded unhappily.

"Why? What does it change?" Vinnie asked, sensing the answer and already feeling defensive.

Despite his frown, Frank actually looked embarrassed. "You got involved with Patrice. That puts you too close. That--"

"I didn't get involved with him!" Vinnie exploded. "I let him fuck me. It was his way of welcoming me to the fold. Trust me, Frank, I couldn't be less involved with Patrice."

Frank looked away, seemed about to argue but backed down, remaining quiet, unhappy. Vinnie let his burst of anger subside.

After a while, Frank said, "I don't like this. We go in now, we won't have enough on Patrice and Mahoney." He sucked on a tooth, making a noise of disapproval. "This was the closest we've ever been."

"I know," Vinnie agreed irritably. "But the wedding will be too late. Sonny's asked me to whack Patrice."

Frank shook his head. "These boys are priceless. This isn't a wedding they're planning, it's a massacre. What're you supposed to do?"

"They're having Sonny's bachelor party the night before. I'm supposed to keep Pat occupied, get him alone, ice him, then step in as best man."

Frank walked around the office, thinking. "What time is all this supposed to go down?"

Vinnie shrugged. "I don't know. Before breakfast, I guess." He watched Frank carefully. "But it doesn't matter. We're going in now, right?"

Frank stopped in front of him. "If we can get Steelgrave on conspiracy to murder, he goes away for life. And if we can link Mahoney to it--"

"No." Vinnie folded his arms over his chest, hoping he wasn't being so quick to refuse because he couldn't face the idea of Sonny in jail for life. Goddamnit, putting Sonny away was the reason he was here, it was his job, it was his personal goal.

Standing before Frank, all this was very clear. But then he'd go back to Sonny, and suddenly nothing was clear, everything was grey and blurred, his love for Sonny overshadowing the fact of who Sonny really was.

"No," he repeated uncertainly. Frank stopped to stand next to him, tense, almost ready to unleash his impatience.

"I'm not giving you a choice on this one, Vince," he said, speaking quietly, steadily. Vinnie tried to think of a reason why Frank should. He took a deep breath, exhaling slowly.

"Yeah, you're right," he said, feeling like the world was draining away from him. "We'll wait for the wedding."

-----

Aldo Baglia and Scullisi staggered through the double doors, a whore on each arm, chuckling like old buddies. Vinnie unhappily watched them disappear, the last to leave the banquet.

Crystal clinked next to him, forcing his attention to his sole companion. Paul Patrice was filling their empty glasses with champagne.

"You surprise me, Vinnie," he said.

Vinnie gave him a questioning look.

"You didn't want to take part in the 'entertainment' of the evening? Why not?" Pat smirked.

"Maybe I wanted to be alone with you," Vinnie replied, the words like sharp nails on his tongue. He glanced at his watch. Only two hours to go. Two hours of keeping Patrice happy, unsuspicious, and alive.

Patrice arched an eyebrow. "Really? That's very flattering." He got up and moved to sit at the head of the table, settling in close to Vinnie. "What's the matter? Feeling the frustration?" His voice lowered to a conspiratorial purr. "You can tell me. I understand." He placed a hand over Vinnie's and squeezed it. Vinnie sat motionless, straining not to pull his hand away.

He looked at Pat, a new idea forming, and smiled confidently. "I bet you do. You get hard-ons for Sonny yourself, don't you?"

For a split-second, Patrice scowled, but he immediately masked his anger and slid back into his easy, malevolent familiarity.

"Maybe I do," he said, voice crisp and cold like a January breeze. His eyes flicked towards the doors, as if Sonny were there. "Who wouldn't? Sonny has his charms." His smile faded. "But I don't dwell on the past, and neither should you."

"The past?" Vinnie asked, a sick, hollow feeling overwhelming him as he wondered if Sonny and Pat had ever shared something other than their hatred. He quickly discarded the thought.

"Sonny is the past, Vincenzo," Patrice said, lifting his hand to loosen his collar.

"And I guess that makes you the future," Vinnie said, never ceasing to be amazed by Pat's boundless arrogance.

Pat settled back in his chair, flourished his champagne glass and said, "The only future you need to worry about."

Vinnie thought, You don't know how right you are, you son-of-a-bitch, but said, "Do I have to worry?"

Pat's eyes darkened and cooled as he replied, "That's something you'd better ask yourself."

Vinnie was starting to feel chilly and light-headed. Time seemed to be creeping past, and he wasn't sure how much more of this he could take. He hadn't been sure what to expect once he got Patrice alone. He'd imagined Pat inviting him back to his room and had just about given himself up to the thought of another unpleasant fuck with Pat-the-Cat. Instead, they were lounging here in the banquet room, surrounded by the wreckage of the meal and the scent of cigars and whore's perfume, playing word games. Vinnie wearily rubbed his eyes and slumped forward over the table, head in hands.

Pat's voice murmured in his ear, "Time for bed, Vincenzo." He felt Patrice's hand run up his leg and settle on his crotch. He slowly opened his eyes.

Ah. There it was. The invitation. Now that it had been made, was real, and Patrice was fondling him, Vinnie was certain he couldn't go through with it. Not again. Not now. His mind began searching for excuses, ways of stalling, and he remained where he was, not moving, not responding, as Patrice stood up and moved behind him, running his hands over Vinnie's shoulders, capturing his jaw and bending his head aside to plant a warm, succulent kiss on Vinnie's neck.

Pat's lips and tongue slid over his throat and Pat dug his fingers into Vinnie's hair, pulling him back. His other hand reached down to Vinnie's waist and began to undo his
trousers. And Vinnie sat still, cold sweat pouring down his back and forehead, senses revolting, sharp memories -- of Patrice's satin sheets, of Sonny's warm, smooth skin -- jabbing at him. Patrice's fingers burrowed into his underwear.

Vinnie was just about to pull away, to lash out and send Pat across the room, no
matter what the cost, when there was a sound in the distance. A sort of swinging thud, the sound of the double doors... Vinnie's eyes flew to the opposite end of the room and there, like a nightmare, stood Sonny. Too far away to see his expression clearly but Vinnie could imagine the damning look in his eyes.

"And just what the fuck is this?" Sonny said, striding over to them.

Vinnie was so intent on him he hardly noticed as Pat straightened up, hand leaving his underwear, but the other still firmly entangled in his hair.

"Look at this," Pat said, smiling down at Vinnie. "Sonny's come to join us."

Vinnie met Sonny's glare head-on and wished he hadn't -- it was like staring into the sun -- and twisted away from Patrice's hold. "Sonny, no, it's not--"

"It's not what?" Sonny spat out, visibly trembling with anger. "I come down here and find Patrice all over you. You tell me: what is it, huh? You couldn't bring yourself to kill this cocksucker or what? Tell me, Vinnie, and make it good, 'cause this will be the last lie to leave your mouth."

Vinnie started to rise, he had to explain, the words -- the truth -- were rushing to his mouth, but something caught at him, something stopped him. Patrice. Patrice had watched this exchange and had stepped closer to the table, reaching for something.

Vinnie let out a warning cry, but Sonny was two steps ahead of him, had already seen Pat and rushed behind him. He pulled Pat away from the table, into the chair, held him down with one arm while he fished in his pocket and produced a wire. Vinnie grabbed at Sonny, trying to pull him away. Sonny pushed him roughly, he toppled backwards to the floor.

And as he rose, it was all a flash of movement -- Sonny's hands gripping the wire and wrapping it around Pat's neck, Pat struggling, shaking, hands clawing at Sonny, hair falling over his eyes. Vinnie watched in horror, not wanting to believe his eyes, feeling disjointed, distant from what was happening. A feeling that disappeared as Sonny, twisting the life out of Pat-the-Cat, looked up from his victim and shot Vinnie a disgusted glare.

"Take a good look, Terranova. You're next."

Vinnie slid back into his chair, winded, nauseous. Pat dead, Sonny released him, let him fall forward onto the floor. Sonny kicked the body aside, calmly sat down in the vacated chair, and said in a rough, pain-etched whisper, "I don't get it."

Vinnie inwardly flinched from the tone of hurt in his voice.

"You know," Sonny continued, "when you told me about you and Pat, I sorta felt guilty. Like it was because of me you did that."

Vinnie licked his lips nervously. His mouth was incredibly dry. "Sonny, listen--"

"No, you listen," Sonny cut in irritably. "I don't have time for any more of your shit. I just wanna know -- why? Were you Pat's boy all along or did he win you over with his 'charm?'" He flicked a contemptuous glance at the corpse on the floor. "Did he promise you my action?" He leaned forward, rage in his eyes, mouth tight. "Or was he just a better fuck?"

Vinnie controlled his anxious fear. Maybe if he could just keep Sonny talking... Maybe if he could just keep from remembering the sight of Sonny garroting Patrice... Maybe if he could just forget he still loved Sonny despite everything... Maybe if he could just concentrate on staying alive...

"Sonny," he said, and paused, expecting to be interrupted. Sonny said nothing. Didn't need to. His expression said it all. Vinnie went on, "I was never Patrice's man, you know that. Yeah, he was all over me, but not because I wanted it. You gotta believe me, Sonny, I would never leave you for Patrice."

Sonny made a show of inspecting his fingernails. "Then tell me this: why was he even still alive? You've been in here alone with him over an hour. Why was it up to me when you said you'd take care of him?"

Vinnie didn't reply, not sure which would get him killed faster: the idea that he was in with Patrice or the truth. He shifted uneasily under Sonny's frigid scrutiny until Sonny suddenly got up and went over to the phone. Vinnie heard him say, "Time for Paul to leave," then he was back, standing behind Vinnie's chair. Vinnie checked his watch. Oh God, not long now...

"No one's coming to save you, Vinnie," Sonny said harshly.

A few minutes later Aldo Baglia showed up. He offered Sonny a gun, which Sonny refused with a shake of his head. Vinnie sat at the table, stealing glances at his watch, knowing that even if the OCB rescued him, this nightmare would never be over. He was in love with a murderer, a man who choked the life out of another man right before his eyes.

Sonny and Aldo lifted Pat-the-Cat and stuffed him into the hollow table beneath the melted ice sculptures.

"Scullisi?" Sonny asked.

"I locked him up with Royce. Keep him company," Aldo said with a gruesome smile. "Not that he'll be doing any talking. But at least he won't have to listen to Royce's whimpering."

Patrice in his coffin, Aldo wheeled it away, leaving them alone. Vinnie checked his watch again, a nervous gesture, not even seeing it.

"You look at that watch again, I'll shoot you where you stand," Sonny muttered, sitting down again. A moment of silence.

"I just don't get it," he said again. Vinnie looked up, into those dark eyes burning with anger, yes, but something else: stark, desperate pain. The pain of a trust betrayed, a love lost... Vinnie lowered his eyes.

"I really believed you, Vinnie," Sonny was saying. "Pat would be proud. You were very convincing."

"It was the truth, Sonny," Vinnie whispered hoarsely, slowly lifting his eyes.

"That line is not gonna work twice," Sonny said angrily. "I trusted you once too often."

Vinnie realized he could not win. Whether it was with Patrice, or the Feds, he had betrayed Sonny. Sonny may be wrong about the motives, but he recognized betrayal. So Vinnie sat, shaken, waiting for whatever came first -- the OCB crashing in or Sonny taking his life.

There was one thing he could say that Sonny might believe, a truth he had never hidden, a truth beyond denial.

"Sonny," he started to say, "I love--" but the phone rang, interrupting, and Sonny answered it.

Vinnie heard a muffled rapidfire drone, and Sonny saying, "Okay, Aldo. Calm down. What?" Pause. "Cops? Coming here?"

Vinnie rose from the table slowly, watching Sonny, allowing himself to feel some relief that the OCB was on the way.

Sonny hung up. "Cops," he repeated to himself in disbelief. He lifted his eyes, stared at Vinnie, pain and fury beginning to shade his features.

"You're a cop, aren't you?" he asked in a rough whisper.

Vinnie gaped, unable to reply. Sonny rushed toward him. "A cop!" he shouted, tackling Vinnie and sending him flying.

They crashed over the table, upsetting a few chairs and a floral centerpiece. Sonny's fists beat into him, and Vinnie gathered his strength to fight him off, when Sonny abruptly stopped. He stood up, hesitated, looking down on Vinnie with pure hatred raging in his eyes. Then he bolted from the room.

Surprised at his release, Vinnie watched him go, unsure what to do. Unsure if he followed, if he caught Sonny, what would happen. A heaviness crushed down on him as, through the mire and chaos of murder and violence, realization struck. If he didn't follow, he'd never see Sonny again.

He lept to his feet and went after Sonny.

(the end)