Gentlemanly security guards help clean my wife's messy hole 
By Bhuralund@gmail.com 

It was our tenth wedding anniversary and my I wanted something special 
for my wife. So I packed a basket with some cheese and crackers, a few 
bottles of wine, two glasses and we set off for a evening out in the 
nearby park. 

It is a beautifully landscaped park frequented mostly by couples. It 
is fairly large and the huge amount of trees and shrubs provide enough 
privacy. We chose a nice corner at the edge of the lake and sat down 
to have a romantic drinking session. We were talking about our first 
few years of marriage and how we used to fuck at every opportunity 
found. 

We were living with her parents then so it was not easy to be publicly 
affectionate as much as we would have liked. We recounted our best 
encounters and soon both of us were feeling pretty horny. I was 
wearing Bermuda shorts and a short t-shirt. My wife was dressed for 
the summer evening in a comfortable cotton dress with floral prints, 
the hem of which barely covered her thighs. She has sexy thighs and I 
love to ogle and caress them as often as I can even after so many 
years of marriage. 

We had already finished two bottles of wine and most of it was inside 
me as I am a fast drinker. My head was slightly buzzed with the 
alcohol in my blood and her cheeks were also flushed. 

My hand was inside her dress rubbing her hardening nipples and her 
head was tilted back, eyes closed in complete pleasure. I knew she was 
very horny and aroused when she gobbled down the entire glass of wine 
in one sip and asked for more. In the next fifteen minutes, while I 
was lazily rubbing her pussy lips, she finished the third bottle all 
by herself and was almost completely drunk. 

For easy access I pulled her cotton panties off and let the cool 
evening breeze caress her pussy freely. My fingers were also enjoying 
the sliding motion across her thoroughly lubed pussy lips without the 
obstacle of her panty. 

She asked for more wine and when I told her enough, she just grabbed 
the fourth bottle forcefully and drank the wine straight from the 
bottle. I was amused and alarmed when I saw that the bottle was half 
empty in one swig. I was also happy because when she is drunk, she is 
uninhibited and will let me do whatever I like with her body. 

We came in the park at about 5pm and now it was already close to 9pm 
and most of the couples were long gone. I started packing up and 
getting her up to leave and realized she was dead drunk and in no 
position to move. I was in a spot now because the park closes its 
gates to the public at 9.30pm and there was no way I could have 
carried her and the rest of the things to the car. Not that I could 
drive very well after drinking so much but the locked car could be a 
lot safer than laying here out in the open. 

So I tried to carry her but in a limp state I was not able to carry 
her weight easily. Besides I was almost dead drunk myself. 

"Oh what a situation," I cursed myself for thinking of this set up. 
Just then I saw a security guard walking past. He was telling the few 
left over couples to move out before the park gates closed. He saw me 
and I waved him to us. He walked over and in the dim garden lights I 
saw that he was an old man probably from Bihar. His khaki uniform was 
stained with sweat and probably not washed for sometime. He eyes, were 
bloodshot probably from some heavy drinking and he was smoking a beedi 
that reeked. When he came close enough I got a waft of stale sweat 
mingled with urine and I almost backed off. 

"It is going to close, the park," he mumbled, staring glances at my 
wife, spread eagled on grass. With the now slightly strong wind, her 
dress had ridden high up onto her milky white thighs and he was 
probably getting some good views of her bare pussy and all the thick 
and long pussy hair. But I was too drunk to notice all that. 

"Yes, yes, I know," I slurred, "But it is difficult for me to carry my 
wife and all my things to my car by myself. Do you think you can help 
me?" 

He had moved slightly towards my wife and was openly staring at her 
pussy, now even more revealed as the dress moved slightly more up. He 
had a torchlight and a stick in his hands. He dropped the torchlight, 
purposely now that I think of it, and got down on his knees to search 
for it. The torchlight conveniently had dropped just short of my wife, 
buttocks and he took his sweet time in grabbing it. In between he 
definitely got some feel of my wife's skin. 

"Oh no sahib," he said from his sitting position, and I noticed some 
movement of his hand on my wife's pussy but moved the thought aside as 
my imagination, "I am on duty and am not allowed to go out of the 
park. Where did you park your car?" 

When we came in there was no space in the garden carpark, so I had to 
park at the nearby movie theatre which was a good 15 minutes walk and 
in my condition probably 25 minutes. When I told him where I had 
parked, he spread his legs wide and rubbed his cock trough his dirty 
pants and said, "That is very far from here. No way you can get out of 
the park before closing time." 

"Please, help me, man," I slurred again. 

"I will tell you what I can do," he said as he pushed his hands deep 
inside his pants through the waistband and openly fondled his 
considerable length of cock., "You carry half the things - this basket 
and all - and since I am not allowed to go out, I will stay here and 
guard your woman - is she your wife, sahib? - then you can drive your 
car to the park and then I will help you take your woman till the park 
gate. Ok?" 

"I guess that would be great help," I said and gave him a 100 rupee 
note so that he could not leave my wife alone when I was gone. Just 
when I was leaving I thought I saw him bend down and sniff my wife's 
hairy pussy but maybe sex was on my mind and that's why I could only 
think about my wife's pussy. 

Anyway, I picked up the things and realized she was not wearing any 
underwear so I started putting her panties on. He stopped me and took 
the panties away. "Please rush sahib I do not have the entire night to 
wait for you. I have other things to do too. If you want I can make 
her wear this underwear." 

Such a kind-hearted and helpful old man, I thought and handed the 
panties to him. Even before I turned he had sniffed the panties deeply 
and placed his hand on my wife's pussy. I was about to walk when I 
felt dizzy and fell on my back I was so drunk. Just two feet away, in 
front of my eyes, the old man dipped his finger in my wife's pussy and 
licked it after giving it a sniff. 

"There is something inside, sahib, shall I clean it," he asked and 
when I nodded to this gentlemanly offer, he inserted his knobbly dark 
fingers inside my wife's pussy. With his other hand, he had taken out 
his cock through the zipper of his pants and I could see an enormous 
uncut black monster rearing its head. I moved closer to see if 
whatever he was cleaning from Ruchi's pussy was cleared yet. I didn't 
want him there for too long. 

He now had three fingers inside my wife's pussy and from time to time 
he was licking them clean. 

"Cleaned or not," I asked finally when he continued for ten minutes. 

"It's like never ending. I think you better show to the doctor sahib. 
Here see my fingers are still smeared with it," he said and pushed his 
dirty hands towards my face which was inches away from my wife's 
pussy. 

"Sahib, my fingers too small," he said, standing up and dropping his 
trousers to his ankles, "I think I need something bigger to scoop all 
this mess out from her." I felt indebted to his generosity. Then he 
walked towards me, his dangling monster cock just inches from my 
mouth. I could smell all the smells from his large hairy balls and his 
uncut cock, which like himself was probably not washed for many days 
in this season of summer. 

"Sahib, my fingers were clean so I put them directly in her but my 
this long stick is not very clean. Can you help me clean it a bit?" I 
reached for Ruchi's discarded panties to clean his monster cock which 
was now leaking constant flow of precum. 

"No, no, sahib, my cock is very tender, if you clean with cotton it 
will get rashes that is why I don't clean it regularly, see all them 
cock cheese under the skin?" I held his hot and hard and heavy cock in 
my hands and pulled the skin to witness the huge amount of white cock 
cheese collected under the skin. Yes, he was right. It looked too 
tender to be cleaned with cloth. "So how?" When I asked him he moved 
forward and pushed his leaky cock in my mouth. 

I was appalled but this man was trying to help clean my wife's most 
private parts without any inhibitions and I was appalled at cleaning 
his dirty cock with my mouth just because it had some cock cheese? I 
felt so embarrassed at my conduct that I immediately lapped at his 
smelly cock and got a first hand taste of human cheese. The taste was 
not bad, just like the ripe blue cheese we had just eaten a few hours 
ago. I relished it and gobbled down all that old cheese. It was 
slightly brittle but not bad altogether. 

In his rush to help us, the old man was now thrusting in and out of my 
mouth forcefully sometimes even gagging me but the lingering taste and 
smell in my mouth seemed too good to be true. What had I been missing 
so long? 

After about 10 minutes of cleaning by my now tired mouth, he removed 
his throbbing and very, very hard cock from my mouth and positioned 
himself by my wife's side, one leg of each side. "Now," he commanded 
me, "put my cock in her hairy pussy so that we can start cleaning her 
fast." 

I held his fat, thick and uncut and smelly cock glistening with my 
saliva and rubbed its purple monster head on my wife's pussy lips. 
Even in her drunken state, she moaned a bit. Slowly I put it inside 
her pussy lips and the old man gave a forceful thrust more than half 
of his nine inch cock went inside. Already covering more distance than 
my entire cock. And then he started fucking my wife violently like 
this was the last fuck...err...cleaning of his life. 

My face was just inches away from his cock sliding in my wife's ripe 
pussy and I got the best view possible. I was so engrossed in my 
watching that I didn't notice another pair of legs standing across. I 
only realized that there was now another viewer when the old man, 
said, rather loudly, "Come here Budhwa, and help me clean this 
memsahib. There is something stuck inside her hole and here, this 
sahib, her husband wants us to clean it completely so that she does 
not have any problem later. Come, here, come to the sahib, and let him 
clean your cock first. We can clean this nice memsahib with our dirty 
rural cocks." 

Budhwa apparently was old man's assistant guard. His skin more black 
than his boss and his muscles rippled like a body builder from his 
short sleeved uniform shirt. He walked slowly and hauled a slimey 
smelly cock from his pants. His cock smelled worst than his boss. 
Anyway it was limp and still it was about seven inches. He wavered it 
in front of my face and slapped me a few times with his cock. 

"So bhosadi ke, you want me to clean your whore wife's pussy with my 
babymaking cock?" he said. Compared to his boss he had no manners but 
I nodded, looking at the new cock hungrily. I started chewing on his 
foreskin with renewed vigour as his old boss slammed his dirty cock in 
and out of my wife's beaten pussy. I saw from the corner of my eyes 
while sucking the lewdly large cock of Budhwa that she was now awake 
and looking at me with glazed eyes. She had wrapped her legs around 
the old man's back and was pulling his cock in her pussy with each 
thrust. 

"Fuck me old horsecock," she was shouting, digging her nails in his 
back. "Make me pregnant with your sperm. Make me your whore and make 
all your dirty friends fuck me and use me as their cum dump." Hearing 
all her slutty and dirty talk seemed to have taken the old man to the 
brink and he panted and screamed as he shot loads after loads of his 
smelly sperm inside my wife's fertile pussy which was not on any birth 
control pill. 

Seeing his boss unload, Budhwa retracted his cock from my mouth and 
proceeded to my wife. He inserted his cock in her cum-coated pussy and 
immediately took it out to my wife's displeasure. "Give me that cock, 
fuck me, oh please fuck me," she hollered. But Budhwa didn't. "This 
pussy is too slimey now and I don't like it. I only like to fuck dry 
pussy." With that he held my head by hair and pushed me to her pussy. 

I could smell the wafts of fresh sperm from her pussy. And dug out my 
tongue for a taste. Soon enough I was eating all of the old man's 
sperm mixed with my wife's cunt juices with a gusto. Delicious. 
Aromatic. The best taste I have had. I was hooked to a man's cum. 

My pleasure was short lived as Budhwa pushed me aside and slammed his 
monster, thick, veiny black cock in my wife's pussy in one shot to the 
hilt. Wife screamed loudly and poor old man had to stuff his re- 
hardened cock in her mouth from stopping her. They fucked her in 
unison and called my wife and me names and in a few minutes Budhwa too 
dumped his sperm in my wife's pussy, one of his sperms was probably 
racing with his boss's sperm to make a baby in my pretty and fucked 
wife's belly. So I gallantly tried to remove all of Budhwa's sperm 
from my wife's pussy by sucking her pussy clean. When I was done, I 
realized the two guards were walking away, satisfied with this night's 
patrol. 

The End.