



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================








Judith and Me 
By Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com

Chapter 3: All My Problem Solved?

For the next few weeks I thought life couldn't get any better. 
Dr. Roth, Judith, had freed me from the vulgar Grace Archer and 
made me her new lover. I didn't care if she called me her "big 
little boy;" she did know how to keep a boy happy! We held 
hands when she took me to the theater, poetry readings, or 
concerts, "grown up" occasions, she called them, teasingly. And 
afterwards we walked arm in arm into the restaurant for a 
candle-lit dinner, bringing smiles to people seeing a couple so 
obviously in love. Judith was also a wonderful dancer, although 
a busty older woman in a mini skirt with a younger partner 
always turned heads at her favorite Latin clubs. At home we 
cuddled on the couch and she necked with her "boyfriend." She 
read novels to me in bed and I told her sexy stories. Oh, and 
did I mention, she fucked my brains out morning and night?

I should have known it was too perfect to last. One Friday 
night I let myself into her house only to find Judith already 
home and cooking, usually my job. She wore a pink something 
that didn't hide much of Judith. The best silver was on the 
table and a bottle of wine was chilling. "What's the occasion?" 
I asked as she took me in her arms and kissed me hungrily.

"Oh, Mommy has a little surprise," she replied mysteriously. 
She slipped her hand down onto my fast-hardening cock. "And 
something tells me you are going to like it!" she giggled 
Later, when the grilled swordfish with capers, steamed fresh 
asparagus and wild rice was gone and a second bottle of wine 
just a memory, Judith took my had and led me off to bed earlier 
than usual. I was feeling delightfully woozy and let her 
undress me and put me to down before she slid under the sheets 
with me.

Soon I was drowsily nuzzling Judith's delicious tits and she 
was casually playing with my cock getting me ready for our 
first fuck of the night when she stopped. "David, my love, 
don't you hate the pretense, having to make sure no one sees 
when you come over here or having to leave my house before 
dawn? Think how much more conveniently we could make love if we 
lived together openly."

"Yes," I murmured insincerely, quite satisfied, in fact, to 
have this beautiful, horny woman who gave me all the sex I 
needed, but with no obligations, "But wouldn' work. 'N affair 
with younger man could ruin your reputation," I slurred, hardly 
able to think of anything but the wonderful hard breast I was 
worrying.

"Around this town it would," she agreed. "But we could run away 
together. I have a large nest egg and I could re-establish my 
practice anywhere. We could go somewhere warmer and more 
relaxed. You could spend more time with your prick in me, 
trying to keep Mommy satisfied," she grinned down at me.

"But whattabout my job? Couldn't leave m' job." I mumbled, my 
mouth busy with her hard nipple.

She looked at me and smiled. "Why not? Writing software may be 
challenging, but the royalties are hardly munificent. I make 
enough money to take care of you. Besides, ... I don't really 
like having you outside the house so much of the time. There 
are too many sexy young women in those high-tech firms. One of 
them might steal you away from me!" She was gazing at me like a 
prized possession.

"Must be crazy!" I grunted. Why was she trying to make me talk 
when all I wanted to do was work on the nipple that was getting 
nice and pointy.

Judith just laughed. "A little paranoid, perhaps, but why take 
chances. You are too clever with my tits -- and between my legs 
-- to loose." She lifted my head and kissed me to get my 
attention. "No, darling, I've thought about this a lot," she 
grinned. "In fact, I have decided to keep you at home from now 
on."

"Quit work and stay home all day? What would I do?" Why 
wouldn't she let me get back to her titties?

Her eyes twinkled. "Well, there is DSTV and you could write 
down some of those sexy stories you tell me and post them to 
The New Enraptured site," she grinned. "You'd have more time to 
work on your cooking and it would be nice if you kept the house 
a little tidier." She smiled mischievously as she saw my look 
of consternation. "But in fact, I have another project in mind 
that should keep you VERY fully occupied.

"Fully occupied?" I asked apprehensively.

"Yes, inexperienced as you are, I think you are going to have 
your hands full taking care of a baby."

"Baby? What baby?" I exploded, suddenly wide awake.

"The baby I'm going to have, darling," she grinned. "Your baby. 
Our baby."

"What do you mean, 'our baby' Judith? This is totally 
impossible. You can't have a baby!" I objected.

"Oh? And why can't I?" she grinned. "I'm several years away 
from menopause yet. Don't let these few gray hairs fool you, 
lover. I'm still a very fertile woman. If I hadn't been careful 
to stay on the pill, you would have knocked me up long ago. You 
certainly haven't been very careful about not shooting my pussy 
full of your potent young jism," she said in mock seriousness.

I was stunned. With previous lovers I had always been very 
responsible to take precautions, never fucking a woman without 
a rubber. I suddenly realized that for months now I had been 
fucking Judith ...

"Bareback," she grinned as if reading my thoughts. "But several 
weeks ago I stopped taking the pill. I have wanted a big family 
for a long time, but never though I could have one for 
professional reasons. Now that I have found a wonderful man who 
I can keep at home to take care of the kids, there's no reason 
not to get started."

"You mean you are pregnant?"

"Not quite," she smirked. "I probably don't have a bun in the 
oven just yet, but the oven's nice and hot and waiting for 
someone to slip in the loaf for cooking," she replied, looking 
satisfied like a cat about to eat the canary. "I figure I'm in 
the middle of my cycle this weekend; my womb is ready to make a 
baby. I checked my temperature this morning and it was up. My 
pussy had the sticky secretion that shows I ovulated a day or 
so ago. And I'm feeling sexier than usual, if that's possible, 
which means my hormone levels are up, too. Looks like I'm 
perilously ready to conceive, a dangerously fertile woman," she 
giggled.

"Now if I got careless and let some horny boy put his big cock 
in me and shoot me up with a lot more than one charge of semen 
over the next day or so, bingo, I'd be one well knocked up 
lady!"

I shook my head in disbelief.

"And as my full time lover, David, you are get to be the 
naughty boy that gets this old girl 'in trouble.' And I am so 
much looking forward to your kind of trouble you will get me 
into," she whispered, nuzzling my ear.

"In a few minutes, darling you will make love to me wonderfully 
as you always do. In the next few days your prick will go in 
deep and please me over and over again the way I love. And each 
of those times while I'm lying there under you, writhing in 
ecstasy, coming and coming, your prick will be pouring my 
hungry cunt full of your manly young jism. By tomorrow morning, 
or afternoon, or night, or the day after, one of your sperm 
will wiggle his way up in me and fertilize an ovum. And you 
will have made me into a mummy-to-be, good and proper."

"No Judith, no!," I protested in horror. "We can't do this!"

"Why not, lover? Worried that I'll cut you off when I'm 
pregnant? On the contrary, my sweet pussy-loving pet. You'll 
find out when a woman's body is busy making a baby, it makes 
her sexier and raunchier than ever. Mommy'll be slow and dopey 
and want you to do her all the time, honey. You'll love having 
me make love to you even more when you have made Mommy fat and 
pregnant. As my tits swell up and my hips get fuller you will 
find you want me to fuck you even more often. I'll keep you so 
sexed up sweetie, you won't want to leave the house."

I was speechless.

"For the next nine months I'll let you do nothing but eat, 
sleep, and fuck Mommy. Believe me, I know how to keep my big 
boy's prick happy, even when my tummy sticks out too much. When 
I get too big for you to get in through the front door, we'll 
just reverse positions. With me squatting on top, I can still 
ride you to orgasm. My weight will make you feel deliciously 
helpless and dominated when I get you down. Or I'll just haunch 
over and let you do it to me doggie fashion. You know you like 
to grab my tits and come into me from the rear! And then after 
you're un-zonked from a long afternoon in bed, I'll take you 
out walking and everyone will stare at us and at my big belly. 
I'll make you proud that you were man enough to get your Mommy 
pregnant"

"I'm totally against this, Judith! I'm not going to touch you," 
I said firmly.

"You are against THIS?" she laughed, rolling toward me and 
pressing her moistening pussy against my cock. "My big boy will 
do a lot more than just 'touch' Mommy," she laughed. "You'll 
touch Mommy when she wants to be touched and where she wants to 
be touched and HOW she wants to be touched," she said, placing 
her hand on my cock. "I'm going to get this deep inside Mommy's 
cunt and make you cum into my warm fertile pussy, David" she 
taunted.

"I won't ... do it!" I said, almost out of control from arousal 
but fearful of loosing my independence.

"David!" she smiled indulgently. "When have you ever been able 
to say no to fucking me? You know I'm the one who decides when, 
where, and how often we have sex. Your prick is my pussy's big 
slave boy. When Mommy calls, he comes," she laughed. "I've 
decided you're going to stick it in me tonight and that's it! 
Your prick is stiff, I won't have any trouble getting you to 
put it where I want it. No man can resist a woman rutting to 
get pregnant. Come here, baby, let me get started."

"No, Judith, NO!" I was still protesting when I felt her 
arousal-slickened pussy slid down over my cock.

"Don't worry, sweetie, Mommy's not going to make you do 
anything you don't want to do. If you don't want to see me with 
a big belly, just don' t come in me. Exercise a little self 
control and my pussy get you too excited if you don't' want to 
make a baby in me." She grinned down into my grimacing face, 
enjoying her total control of me. Careful, homey, I think I 
feel you getting stiffer. Don't come in me if you don't want 
to, if you don't want to fuck a pregnant woman for the next 
nine months." 

As she leaned forward to whisper her teasing words she placed a 
nipple in my mouth. "What a shame if you had to compete for 
time sucking me with a little baby. I'd make you wait, David 
until our baby was full before you could drink any of my sweet 
milk. So don't come, David. Don't come ... yet!"

Suddenly she grasped me tightly and rolled. Helplessly, I let 
her maneuver me on top. "That's it, lover! Let me lie beneath 
you for a change so all that lovely cum will gush down deep 
into me. Come put your prick in here where I want you, baby," 
she demanded as she moved her hips under mine. "Stick that big 
long baby-maker deep inside. Oh, yes, like that! I feel you 
going in! Penetrate me good, lover! Impale me with that 
beautiful cock! I want all ten inches of your Mommy-maker to 
burrow all the way down into my juicy cunt. That's where your 
jizz is going to give me a child" she grunted as *I* started to 
fuck *her.*]

"My OBGYN told me just how to have this baby," she cooed. "'To 
get yourself good and pregnant fast, my dear, I prescribe large 
and frequent injections of semen. Get a man to drown your pussy 
in his thick, hot cum. Find yourself a good lover, preferably a 
sexy young man with a long thick cock. Seduce him. Make love to 
him until he's so hooked on sex with you, he will fuck you when 
and where and how you want him to. Then throw away your pills 
and wait a couple of weeks. Sorry, you'll have to postpone 
those delicious early morning romps with your stud for a few 
days while you take your temperature every morning and check 
your vaginal flow. When your temperature rises and your flow is 
sticky, you're getting ready to conceive. Without the pills to 
smooth out your hormone cycle, you will probably feel more and 
more horny as that day approaches, too. That's why we like sex 
so much. It's Mother Nature's way of making us enjoy doing what 
we need to do to get knocked up,' she explained."

"'When you see the signs that the old mare is in heat and 
you're ready to be studded, take your stallion to bed for a few 
days straight and make him fuck you as he's never fucked you 
before! You want his sticky cum to flood into your cervix, so 
at least for the first time each night he puts his prick in 
you, I advise taking him while lying on you back. Open your 
legs and let him pour it down you. But don't worry, if you lock 
your legs around him once he's in, you can still maintain total 
control. Continue making him screw you four or five times a 
night for several days. I guarantee you'll flunk your first 
pregnancy test,' she grinned. 'Then continue the treatment four 
or five times a day until I make him get out of my way for the 
delivery,'"

"Judith! Judith!" I was moaning incoherently as I thrust madly 
into her.

"That's what she told me, lover; I'm just doing what the doctor 
ordered. Keep putting your prick in me, ... deeper. Yes, like 
that! Shoot me up with my first big charge of come of the 
night," she ordered as my penis reached the bottom of her slick 
waiting pussy. "Come!"

It was all she needed. Her legs held me in the saddle and her 
body took control. I felt her heaving slowly bringing me closer 
and closer to orgasm. I struggled to pull out, to cum 
harmlessly on her tummy, but her lock was too strong! Her 
rhythmic writhing was too much. Waves of pleasure began to wash 
over me and the orgasm built. My fruitless struggle dissolved 
into complicity. I went crazy. I wanted to unload into her. I 
wanted to shoot her womb full of cum. I wanted to get Judith 
pregnant and 'ruin' that voluptuous figure of hers. I wanted to 
see the bitch get fat and waddle around with her swollen tits 
and her tummy sticking out. I wanted to watch her grow slightly 
docile, as she became heavy with my child. I thrust my prick 
into her hot moist cunt harder and harder until I felt the 
explosion! Defeated!  My jism shot into her waiting cunt. Still 
she didn't release me. Her legs held me fast until I had pumped 
her full.

"Good boy, David. Good stud," she cooed, as I collapsed on her, 
practically comatose. "You gave me a good load of jizz. I can 
feel you hot sperm trickling down inside me. Let it work on me 
for now. You go to sleep," she whispered as she cradled my head 
on her bosom. "Take a little nap and rest up for next session 
while I work this pillow under my ass. I'm not taking any 
chances. You'll give me some more of that good medicine again 
later tonight."

The next morning she woke me up with a huge breakfast but soon 
after eating I began to fell very drowsy again. Judith was 
grinning down at me and took the tray. "My big boy looks like 
he needs his morning nap. Does he need Mommy to help him get to 
sleep?"

"Judith, what's wrong? What did you do to me?" I complained, 
knowing something was not right.

"Nothing's wrong, baby. I just gave you something to make you 
sleepy. I want you to sleep with your wonderful prick in my 
sperm-filled pussy. Come here and let me help you."

I was too out of it to resist. I hardly realized that as she 
soothed me with her breasts, Judith was guiding my already hard 
cock into her wet pussy again. As I sucked sleepily I felt the 
muscles of her cunt softly massage my cock and soon I was 
pouring more baby juice into her as my consciousness drifted 
away. 

When I finally straggled into work the following Wednesday, my 
dismissal notice was waiting for me. Judith had gotten her way.

Over the next several weeks I got used to taking care of the 
house, running errands for Judith, and my cooking did start to 
improve. Judith, of course enjoyed showing me every night how 
grateful she was for my work. I had almost forgotten about the 
extended weekend that lost me my job until I woke up one 
morning to find a envelope by the bed. I untied the bow around 
it. Inside was a paper from a home pregnancy test with a big 
pink plus on it and a note.

*****
Dear Sure Shot,

You did a fabulous job on me that weekend -- in every way! 
Bull's eye the first time! I could almost feel the conception 
from the way your prick filled me up with thick cum the first 
night, darling, but I'm not complaining about the other four 
days. <g> Here's the proof of your wonderful cocksmanship. 
Since you're going to blow me up like a balloon, I've gone 
shopping for maternity dresses. But don't worry! They will be 
short and sexy enough to make sure you stay interested in 
having a pregnant Mommy to screw you.

Love,

Judith

*****

Soon I heard her at the door. When she walked in she was NOT 
wearing a maternity dress. Her hair was cut short and had 
highlights. She was wearing a tight little mini skirt that made 
her look years younger. I had though I would be furious with 
her, but the display of her wide hips and big tits looked too 
good. I wanted to make love, not war. All I could do was 
whistle.

"Glad you like it. I thought if I was going to have my young 
lover's baby I'd try to look the part of your sexy young 
Mommy."

"You don't look much like a mommy yet, but you look young and 
sexy enough. If you weren't already knocked up, I'd make you a 
mommy all over again."

"Sounds like fun, but too bad," she giggled, "that job's been 
done ... for the time being. I'll take about four rain checks, 
though," she teased.

"The 'job' was done most unwillingly. What you did to me that 
night was statutory rape," I teased back.

"Yes, I guess it was. You were so afraid to make me pregnant, I 
had to force myself on you a little. I violated you, baby," she 
admitted with mock sympathy. "And you know what they say, 
'criminal always returns to the scene of the crime,'" she said 
grinning and skulking closer to the bed. "Have you heard of a 
'criminal instinct?' You're facing a serial rapist who enjoyed 
her crime so much she feels like violating her victim all over 
again."

"Should I call a policeman?" I asked in mock horror.

"By all means, if he's big and handsome. That way I can rape 
both of you." she laughed. Soon the ridiculous mini-skirt was 
on the floor and Judith was on top of me again. "The first step 
in a successful rape," she grinned, "Is to find the right 
victim. I always select a good- looking young guy with a big 
hard dick and a weakness for chubby women."

"You sound like a professional."

"I am. I've been raping men all my life. Shall I give you 
lessons in being raped?"

"Will I need them?"

"You will if you ever try to refuse sex with ME!" she growled. 
"First, when a woman approaches you with that hungry look in 
her eye, you must look her over. If your attacker has big boobs 
and well rounded hips like mine, you will realize that you are 
already starting to get horny. There is no way you can resist 
her. You might as well resign yourself. You are going to 
succumb to her superior strength and skill. One way or another, 
she is going to bed you. The best you can do is make sure she 
gets hot, too, to maximize your own fun."

"I see" I said stroking her ass like and eager pupil.

"When she takes you in her arms and kisses you, close your eyes 
as you kiss her back. Open your mouth to let her tongue invade 
your mouth. Cooperate as she unzips your pants and pulls out 
your prick. Let her lay you back gently and mount you," Judith 
said, demonstrating as she talked. "Let her know you won't 
resist her."

"Oh, I won't resist!" I moaned sincerely.

"Of course you won't, baby! Now you allow her to stimulate you 
to a maximum erection. A smart victim will suck his attacker's 
tits while she manipulates his prick to achieve deep 
penetration," she said as she skillfully guided my erect member 
into her vagina. "This will make her hurry to fuck you." I felt 
her pussy's warm moistness grasp my cock.

"Now that her crime is almost consummated, all you can do is 
relax. A powerful, evil woman has you completely in her power. 
You must yield to her. Allow the rapist to get her pleasure 
from you. She wants to ride you until she has gotten off 
several times. Do I have to threaten you to make you obey?" She 
grinned down as she started to slowly ride up and down on my 
prick.

"Oh, no, Judith" I moaned. "Take me! I WANT to be raped. Fuck 
me! Rape me!" She needed no such permission. Thrusting her clit 
against my dick and coming time after time, she had already 
taken me, fucked me, used me.

"Finally, now that your attacker has satisfied herself," Judith 
gasped, "She must make sure you can never testify how the 
violation occurred. She must make you forget everything, drown 
your mind in pleasure, suffocate your memory with sex," Judith 
said as she rode me faster, pushing me closer and closer to 
orgasm. "She has ravished you; your strength gone, you feel 
very sleepy. Even if you wanted to, you could not fight off the 
desire for sleep. But you don't want to. She makes you want to 
sleep. You let her fuck you... to sleep. Fuck you... to sleep. 
Fuck you..." An orgasm as black as night closed over me. 

-- o --

Month's later when Judith's bulging tits and swelling tummy 
started to show, we split for points south.

To be continued in: Chapter 4 - "Our New Home"

Comments (please) to:
vargas111@yahoo.com

