**Passion in James County XVI**
Ann Wallin closed the front door of her house and locked it, then she turned around and smiled nervously at the bulky man who had accompanied her home from the bar. His name was Tom Jonas and, as she studied his face, she realized he wasn't nearly as good-looking as she thought he was in the dimly-lit, smoky barroom. "Oh, well," she thought, hoping her disappointment didn't show on her face, "Too late to do anything about that now. He's here." She smiled at him. "Can...can I get you something to drink?" she asked him.
Her guest shook his head. "Nah," he replied. He moved across her living room and abruptly pulled her into his arms. "I got a better idea." He bent his head and his lips clamped down on hers.
Despite the man's crudeness, warmth began coursing through Ann. He found her desirable! He wanted her! She returned the kiss, loving the heat that suffused her as his strong arms tightened around her.
Tom couldn't believe how lucky he was. He'd gone to the bar for a few drinks and a chance to bullshit with the guys. He was always looking to pick up women, but he never dreamed he'd score with a chick as pretty as this one! He thought he was doing pretty good just to get her to talk to him and dance a couple of dances. When she invited him back to her place he almost choked on his beer. She was really gorgeous, with long, beautifully-styled light brown hair and a terrific body, too. And the outfit she was wearing really showed off how good her body was.
Ann was wearing a soft cotton olive-colored dress that buttoned all the way down the front, fit tight around her slim waist, and had a full skirt that came to just above her ankles. She had purposely left a lot of buttons at the neck and skirt unbuttoned to display both cleavage and leg. Over the years she'd learned that men liked that.
She shuddered with delight when Tom grabbed her buttocks in his powerful hands and pressed her against him. She could feel the swollen ridge of his cock pressing against her belly! It felt huge! He would give her what she needed, she just knew it!
Tom kept hanging on to the lovely woman and moved both of them to the large plush brown sofa that sat along one side of the living room. When they reached it, he pulled her down onto it and began opening the remaining buttons on her dress. He still found it hard to believe this was happening and didn't intend to stop, even for a moment. No way did he want to give this chick a chance to change her mind. When he pushed the dress open, he gasped. All she had on under the dress was a scanty thing that was sort of like a bra, but was more than that. It was held together by three pearl buttons and had skinny straps that went up over her shoulders. It was almost transparent and he could see her breasts right through it! His mouth started to water as he stared at her chest. He'd never gotten it on with a woman this pretty and never dreamed he would!
Ann watched the look that formed on the man's face as he took her clothes off. She could tell from what she saw in his eyes that he thought she was pretty and she liked that. She felt him fumbling with the buttons that held her scanty camisole closed, then his rough fingers were squeezing her breasts. He was a laborer, which meant his hands were hard and calloused. That made his touch rough, even a little painful, but it stirred her, which was exactly what she wanted. "Yes! Ohh!" she murmured as thrills began to spread through her.
Tom pushed her dress all the way open and saw that the only other thing the woman wore was a pair of panties that were just as transparent as the thing she was wearing over her boobs was. His cock was so hard it felt like it was going to tear a hole in his jeans! Damn! He had to have her! Now! He couldn't wait! He grabbed one of the lacy strips that ran over her lithe hips and tore the filmy garment from her. Then he unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out and climbed on top of her.
"No!" Ann moaned. The bikini panties the man tore were expensive! Then his bulky body pressed down on top of her and she felt the roughness of his clothes on her bare skin. His cock, hard as oak, poked into her soft belly. He reached between them, grabbed it in his hand, and - without warning - sank it into her wet pussy.
"Ahh!" Ann cried. She was delighted and thrilled by the man's sudden invasion of her. He was doing it just the way she wanted him to. No love, no words of endearment, just action! Delightful action! Her hands pulled at him and her hips thrust up off the sofa. "Yess!"
Tom hadn't been in a pussy this tight in ages! He almost came before he was all the way in, but somehow he managed to control himself. Once he had his cock all the way in, he lay on her, hearing her moan, feeling her body moving under his. Jeez, she was the hottest chick he'd ever been with! Finally, after he calmed down a little, he started moving his hips, fucking her. Her cunt grabbed at his cock like it hadn't had one in years! He couldn't wait, he couldn't! She was too damn tight and hot! "Uhh!" he groaned when he felt his hot juices jetting into her.
"Oh! Uh! Ahh! Yess! Uhh! Uhh! Uhhh!" Ann moaned when she felt the man's hot cream splashing against her insides. This was what it was all about! This was what she needed! Her hands raked at the man's back, pulling at his clothes, as his hard body drove against her, crushing her against the sofa.
"Oh, Jeez, honey," Tom groaned, then rolled off and pulled his softening cock from her. "Goddamn, you're something! You really needed that, dincha?"
Ann lay there, puzzled. Her need was sated but, somehow, she felt the same nagging feelings of incompletion, of emptiness, that she always seemed to feel after she had sex. It had been like this ever since... She forced herself to drop that line of thinking.
Sex with the men she brought home usually was good, but after it ended, there was a feeling of edginess she found a little disturbing, if she let herself dwell on it. There was no warmth or caring in what she'd just done and, she told herself, that's the way she wanted it. If you didn't get involved, you didn't get hurt.
"Are...are you going to leave now?" she whispered. She hoped the man would leave now that he'd had her.
Tom was slumped on the sofa, still trying to get his wits about him. She was just about the best piece of ass he ever had! And it looked like she wanted him to stay, otherwise, why would she be asking? He shook his head. "Don't worry, honey, I ain't goin' until you tell me to," he replied.
"Oh," Ann said. She stretched and got up. "I...I have to go to the bathroom," she murmured. She pulled her dress around her and moved across the room, aware of the way the man was staring at her. Why did couldn't she enjoy sex for the pleasure it gave her, why did she always have to feel like this afterward?
In the bathroom, she finished cleaning herself up, slipped off her dress, put on a terrycloth robe, then went back out to the living room. The man was gone. Ann's mood lifted as she stood there, looking around. Maybe the man had changed his mind and left, so she could be alone.
"I'm in here, honey," she heard him call from the bedroom.
A bit saddened, she walked to the bedroom doorway, realizing she was trembling. Her companion was laying on her bed naked, his erection jutting from the mass of blond curls at the middle of his heavily muscled, deeply tanned body.
Tom was sure the chick would want more. He sure as hell did! He couldn't imagine she'd ever had any better fucking than what he'd given her. After she went to the bathroom, he got up, took off his clothes, and went into her bedroom. It was a frilly, feminine room, and he felt a little funny in there, but not enough so he wouldn't be able to do what he wanted. He was going to turn her every which way but loose before he left. She'd beg him not to leave when he was finished with her!
Then she came into the room wearing a white robe. Once again, he stared, still unable to comprehend that a woman as pretty as she was had picked him, of all people, up in a bar. He already had a hard-on, saw her staring at it, and saw her tongue slide over her lips. Jeez, she was one hot chick! When she started walking toward him, Tom's mind went wild.
As if she were sleepwalking, Ann moved toward the bed, undoing and dropping her robe as she walked.
Tom gaped at her. She sure was gorgeous. Her tits weren't too big or too small. They were just right. Her nipples weren't very big, either, but they were sticking out like little bullets. He could see she was hotter than a three dollar pistol! "You want more, doncha, honey?" he said, his voice a croak. "You liked what old Tom gave ya, dincha?"
Ann didn't reply. He might be coarse, uncouth, and not very good-looking, but his cock was hard! Soon she'd have it in her, making her feel wonderful again! She knelt on the bed, reached out a small, soft hand, and cupped the rigid pole of flesh. The man groaned when she did. She knew what to do to make him value her! She bent and took the flared, purple tip between her soft, red lips.
"Gaaddd!" Tom groaned as his cock sank into the beautiful woman's mouth. He couldn't believe it! She was giving him a blow-job! He sure as hell didn't expect this! She was fondling his balls, too, while her mouth slid up and down on his pole, and he thought he was going to explode! He'd never been with a chick this wild before!
Ann tasted the remnants of their mixed juices as she sucked his wand, and a tremor of delight raced through her lovely body. She could feel the man writhe, heard his moans, and knew he liked what she was doing to him. Up and down she moved her head, letting her lips drag along the veined flesh of the jerking, twitching pole, hearing his moans increase in volume as she did. He loved it! He loved what she was doing to him!
What the chick was doing to him was the most spectacular thing Tom had ever felt. She sure knew how to give head! His girlfriend sure didn't give head like this! "Oh! Baby!" he groaned, "You keep that up and I'm not gonna be able to control myself!"
Ann didn't want him to come in her mouth. She'd never been able to let a man do that. Instead, she swung a long, slim leg over him and, holding his cock firmly in her hand, settled herself onto it.
"Ohhh! Goddamn!" Tom moaned as she sank onto him. "Jesus, honey, you sure are some piece! Goddamn!"
Once she had the man's cock all the way in her, Ann began to rock her hips. She could feel the man's massive shaft caressing her insides. The feelings she so desperately sought began once more to fill her body.
"You're the best, honey! The fucking best!" the man under her groaned, shoving his hips up off the bed, driving his massive prong deep into her.
Exultation flashed through Ann, then something snapped inside her and her body went wild. "Uh! Uhhh! Uhhh!" she groaned and her body jolted and shook as wave after wave of delight swept over her. "Please! Oh, God, please love me! Love me! Love meee!"
Tom didn't hear what the woman riding him was saying as she came, and didn't care. All he cared about was feeling good, and he was! "Here it comes, honey! Goddamn! Godamn!" he yelled as he erupted, spewing his torrid cream into her once more. He grabbed her hips and held her tight against him as they ground out their lust. Her luscious body whipped and jerked, breasts bobbing, as she peaked.
Spent, Ann collapsed atop the man's hard body, then she rolled off, feeling a tickle as his softening penis slid from her. She lay next to him, hoping he'd get up, get dressed, and leave, but nothing happened. Then she heard a noise. She looked over at him. He was asleep, snoring softly.
"Why do I keep doing this?" she thought. "Why do I bring men like him home and do things like this with them?" Tears welled up in her lovely, soft eyes. She pulled the covers over her, turned off the light, and lay there, feeling confused and empty. At last, emotional and physical exhaustion combined to overwhelm her and she fell asleep.