Sophia Puts on Show for Neighbor
by sexy_J©


Jason is looking forward to becoming a part of a new community. Jason is 24 and 
has moved from Ohio where he has worked for 2years as a defense attorney for a 
small firm. He now has a job in Arizona with the biggest firm in Phoenix. He 
bought a 3 bedroom house in the suburbs of Phoenix. 

Jason got his bedroom unpacked quickly. He then got the new Plasma TV and stereo 
set up in the living room. He already had the recliner and sofa in the spot he 
wanted. Next was the kitchen which was easy because he didn't have many dishes. 
He didn't feel like cooking so he ran out and grab some fast food and was home 
around 7pm.

He decided to go upstairs and get his office ready. The desk and chair was in 
the right place so next he set up the computer. His office was on the back of 
the house and he had a view of his backyard. He smiled as he looked at his 
beautiful pool. He was looking forward to the party he was having out back 
tomorrow. He invited some people from work and some of his neighbors. He also 
noticed that his neighbors on both sides had nice pools to.

He then sat down and started doing some work on his computer. He was working 
when he heard a noise outside. He got up and looked and noticed the Thompson's 
lights next door were on outback as well as the pool. Jason noticed there older 
daughter Sophia was in the back. He new her name because her family had come by 
earlier in the week to welcome him to the neighborhood. She was 18 and had a 
sister named Jenny that was 17. Sophia had blonde hair that went to the middle 
of her back. She was thin with perky little breasts and a cute but. She was 
about 5' 7" tall and I say not much over a 100 lbs. 

She was not along and was with a young man I had seen at the house before that 
must be her boyfriend. I was pleased to see her slip out of her dress. She stood 
in front of him in a red bra and red thong. She then took the bra off. Smiled at 
him and dove into the pool. He then stripped down to his boxers and dove in the 
pool. 

Jason realized the light was on. He turned it off and rolled his chair to the 
window for a better view. He stepped out of his pants and sat down and slid his 
cock out of his boxers. He started to stroke it as he watched them.

They embraced and started kissing madly. After a few minutes she went 
underwater. She came up with his boxers and swung them above her head and on to 
the pool deck. He then sat on the side of the pool. She came up and started 
stroking his cock. She leaned forward and took his whole cock in her mouth and 
down her throat. As she sucked the boyfriends cock Jason noticed he was getting 
real turned on. He stroked his cock hard and fast imagining it was Sophia. 

Suddenly she stopped sucking his cock and got out of the pool. She had him sit 
in one of the reclining lawn chairs. She smiled as she took off her thong. She 
then walked over and mounted her boyfriend. She lowered herself onto his massive 
cock and guided it in. Sophia's back arched and she screamed as his massive cock 
entered her tight pussy. She slowly grinded her hips on him. After five minutes 
she rode his cock harder and faster. He was getting ready to cum so she got off 
and on her knees. After a few strokes with her hand he shot cum all over her 
face. 

As she was cleaning her face some lights shined on the house and she realized 
her parents were home. They quickly got dressed. She picked up her panties and 
his boxers but no more time to put them on. So they threw the boxers and thong 
over the fence and into my yard. They met the parents out front and she said 
goodbye to her boyfriend as her parents went in. 

Jason went outside and noticed the boxers and thong in the pool. He fished them 
out and tossed the boxers in the trash but held on the thong. He heard a noise 
near the side gate and went to check it out. Jason opened it and found Sophia 
standing there. 

She smiled and said she lost something over the fence and asked if she could 
look for it. She was bending over looking for it in the bushes. He could see her 
pussy peeking out as she leaned forward and her dress slid up. He walked up to 
her and stood right behind her. She turned her head around and smiled as Jason 
held her red thong in front of her. She grabs the thong as he then grabs her 
hips. She smiled and asked if he enjoyed watching her earlier. Jason said yes. 
She said then you know that I still need to get off. 

She then led him to the table and she hiked up her dress so her but was exposed. 
She also slid down the top so he could touch her breast. She leaned forward on 
the table and exposed her pussy and told Jason to fuck her hard and deep now. 
Jason was still in his boxers. He slipped them off and then lined up his 8 inch 
cock to her pussy. He rammed it in hard and fucked her with hard and deep 
strokes. She moaned and screamed as her body was taken over in pleasure and had 
an orgasm and cummed everywhere. 

Her pussy tightened around his cock as she orgasmed and he shot a bunch of cum 
inside of her. She laid there a second and then got up and grab a towel and 
cleaned all the cum up that was running out of her pussy. She then fixed her 
dress and kissed him goodnight and went home.

Jason put his boxers back on and went to bed. He was having trouble sleeping. He 
could not stop thinking about what just happen. He could still smell her sweet 
pussy juices and remembered how soft her skin was to touch. He could still here 
her moans as clear as day. 

His thoughts were interrupted by the phone ringing. He answered and it was 
Sophia. She explained that she got his number for information. She told Jason 
how her parents had just stopped to grab some clothes for the trip and to make 
sure her boyfriend went home. They were now gone for the weekend and her sister 
was sleeping at a friends. She invited him over and so they hung up and off he 
went.

He walked up and ran the doorbell wearing a t-shirt and his boxers. She answered 
the door wearing a large white t-shirt that went down to about mid thigh. Just 
low enough to keep her pussy out of view. She kissed Jason on the lips and then 
led him in and they sat on the couch. Jason asked her about the boyfriend. She 
explained that it was nothing serious and that it was mainly about sex.

Sophia smiled and said enough talk. Let's fool around and she leaned in and 
kissed him. As they kissed she ran her hands up his shirt and was pleased to 
feel his muscles. She then pulled his shirt off and said Soph like. She then 
asked him to stand up and she quickly took his boxers off. She asked him to lie 
back on the couch and he did. She then took her t-shirt off to reveal her 
beautiful body. 

She smiled this sexy grin and said lets 69. Jason smiled and nodded yes. She 
straddled Jason's face and then leaned forward over his cock. She then leaned 
lower and kissed the tip of his cock. A moan came out as he flicked her clit 
with his tongue. She then took his 8 inch cock completely in as she opened her 
throat. He invaded her pussy with his tongue. The more his tongue worked her 
pussy the faster she sucked his cock. Her full body orgasmed right before he 
shot cum deep into her throat. She got off Jason and was on her knees. She had a 
little cum on her chin. She wiped it up with her finger and sucked it off her 
fingers. 

They got dressed and she walked him to the door. She explained that she already 
asked her boyfriend to take her to the party the next day. Jason said that was 
fine and that maybe they can hook up again afterwards. They kissed a long 
goodnight and she up to bed. Jason fell asleep on his couch in the living room 
and now couldn't wait to get the party over with. He needed more play time with 
Sophia.







