In the future, a biotech conglomerate tests its products on an unsuspecting populace.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Experiment, Chapter 1 (F-solo, exhib, inc, mc, nosex, ScFi, toys, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

One day, in the future, the top biotech companies merged to form a single conglomerate whose financial power naturally translated into staggering political clout. By the twentieth year of the COVID-19 pandemic, JJ/Novapfi convinced the governments of the world to cordon off sections of the population into mega-blocks, neighborhood-sized buildings purportedly designed to protect the population. Within those mega-blocks, every section and apartment could be sealed off from each other, in case of infection.

Since the average temperature of the planet had risen 3 degrees due to climate change (the cause of which had been written into law as a natural phenomenon), nobody really wanted to go outside anyway, as extended exposure to the sun through the thinning ozone layer would cause dangerous burns or cancer. It was much easier just to stay indoors in air conditioned comfort. The increased use of freon to produce that cool air, however, accelerated the loss of the ozone layer, but that consequence was lost on a population dumbed down by increasing reliance on public streaming video services for their information, since the business model for TV news had collapsed years ago due to disinterest and an increasing distrust of "fake news".

However, with an easily-compartmentalized populace, dependent on JJ/Novaphi for their very lives, it also made things much easier for the mega-corporation to test its new products...

---

The brown-haired young man heard the apartment door automatically close behind him, sealing off the apartment from the rest of the mega-block. "I'm home!" he called out.

"Hi, Will!" his sister Dot smiled as she poked her pretty face out from the kitchen to greet him. Her blonde ponytail gave a swish as she pulled her head back.

"Where's everyone else?" he asked as he rounded the corner to see his 18-year-old older sister taking the dishes out of the washer and putting them away. She bent over to grab more dishes and Will had to look away, embarrassed at the sight of her bubbly butt in her tight yoga pants. His sister had no sense of propriety! Or maybe she just liked making him uncomfortable.

Still bent over, she glanced back at him with a lopsided grin. Yep, definitely the latter, Will decided. Dot was a cam girl, so it was natural for her to show off, but he wished she'd save it for her fans.

"Lindy's in her room," she replied as she reached up to put some dishes on a high shelf, "accidentally" giving her 17-year-old brother a gander at her trim midriff as her crop top rose up. "Mom and Dad got called downtown for something, so I'll be making dinner."

There was a sudden "Clang!" sound behind a large metal panel on the concrete outer wall, startling them both, and then a loud "BEEP!", which was superfluous, as everyone in the apartment had heard the clang.

"And that would be our groceries." She pressed a button next to the panel, causing it to slide aside and reveal a 3' cube alcove. She grabbed the boxes inside, put them on the dinner table, and then pressed the button again, swishing the panel shut once more.

Will thought about how his grandparents actually had to leave their homes for groceries, or interact with whoever delivered them. How inefficient! Drones delivering to the panels running along the outside of the mega-block walls just made things so much easier. He headed to his room.

As he passed by his 16-year-old sister Lindy's room, he noticed her door was slightly ajar. He peeked in and saw the curvy brunette lying on her bed, facing away from the door, rocking back and forth. Lindy had always been solitary and strange, but something had recently happened to upset her. She wouldn't open up to anyone about what it was, though. Shaking his head, he continued on to his own room.

A sudden klaxon sounded throughout the apartment, one they were all intimately familiar with: lockdown! "Shit!" Will said, and headed back to the main entryway. Sure enough, the front door was locked and sealed. Then he heard a hissing sound from the nearby air vent. An unfamiliar silence followed.

Dot stepped into the entryway. "Was that the A/C shutting off?"

"I...guess?" He put his hand up by the vent, but could feel no air moving. He suddenly felt scared. No air...would they suffocate? Then he heard a grinding sound in the distance, and felt the movement of the air again, but it didn't feel cool. He relaxed a little...they wouldn't suffocate, but it might get hot, quick.

They called maintenance, but were informed that they were on recycled air until the lockdown was over. They wouldn't explain what had caused it.

Their mom and dad called to inform them that they were being put up in a luxury suite while the apartment was in lockdown. Will couldn't help but notice how happy they seemed on screen, unconcerned about their childrens' welfare. He was starting to sweat.

"Ugh, I can't stand this," Dot said, and peeled her crop top off, revealing her black sports bra as it clung to her perky B-cup breasts. Will looked at her, surprised. She gave him a wink and he turned away, his face feeling hot.

"What's for dinner?"

Both Will and Dot jumped as Lindy shuffled into the room. She was wearing a long t-shirt, but that was about it. Will tried not to stare at his younger sister's shapely legs. Why was he being so pervy? he wondered.

"I'd better start making it," Dot replied, and headed back into the kitchen.

Will followed her. "Anything I can do to help?"

"Hmm...little bro actually wants to assist with dinner? How about you cut and butter some buns?" She started to unpackage some deli meat.

'I'll butter your buns,' Will said in his head, and paused. The heat was obviously affecting his thinking. He opened the door to the refrigerator and felt the coolness wash over him. "Ahh..."

"Ooh, me!" Dot shoved him aside and lifted her arms, letting the cool fridge air settle upon her. Will couldn't help but notice her nipples starting to poke out the thin material of her sports bra. "Mmm..." she sighed.

He realized that he had an erection now. What a horndog he was, he chastised himself. He turned away from the sexy vision that was his older sister's breasts and buttered the dinner buns.

Dot went and changed from yoga pants into short shorts, which showed off her toned legs. Lindy switched to a shorter t-shirt, so her panties were playing peekaboo when she did anything but stand straight, and it looked like she wasn't wearing a bra, so her breasts, larger than Dot's B-cups, pushed out the front of her shirt. None of this helped Will's erection to go down. Finally, he couldn't stand it anymore, and changed into a pair of cargo shorts, tucking his 6" stiffy up into his underwear so that it wouldn't poke straight forward. He took off his shirt as well.

Nobody talked during dinner. Will tried not to stare at Dot's nipples, which, despite the heat, were still poking through her sports bra. After the dishes were put away, they fought for position in front of the fridge, trying to obtain any respite from the oppressive mugginess.

"Look, Lindy, you're the shortest, right?" Dot asked, not waiting for an answer. "Sit down here...I'll stand behind you to the side, and Will, you stand next to me on her other side."

It kind of worked. The excess cold from the freezer and fridge cascaded down upon them, mostly on Lindy because heat rises and she was sitting, but it made the situation a little more bearable. Then Will made the mistake of looking down. Lindy was flapping the front of her t-shirt forward and back, trying to create air flow around her sweaty chest, but by doing that she pulled open the v-neck of her shirt, giving him line of sight to her generous cleavage, unrestrained by a brassiere as those amazing mammaries bounced from the movement.

Lindy, suddenly feeling self-conscious, looked up at Will. He quickly looked up and away from her, caught perving on his little sister. She didn't know what to think about that, and then her sight rolled down his bare, slim chest until it got to the waistband of his shorts. There was something there, poking up right above where it fastened...what was that? she wondered. It was the same color as his pale skin, rounded...did he get skin cancer on his tummy? Then she gulped as she realized what it actually was, and turned away. Had she caused that with her state of undress? Despite the coolness of the fridge, her cheeks heated up.

Dot had noticed Lindy looking up, and followed her line of sight until she was looking at Will's cock head as well, but from a much better angle. Damn, she thought, bro's got a good-size one! Then she looked away; she was the one who teased, not the other way around. She wished her nipples would calm down, though.

Eventually, even the fridge couldn't keep both them and its contents cool, so to keep the food from spoiling, they closed the cabinet up with a collective sigh and went to their rooms.

---

Dot was incredibly horny now. She started up her autonomous cam, causing it to extend from the wall and angle itself to keep her in the shot. She gave it the thumbs-up signal to start her video stream and put on her cute but fake grin. "Hiii fans! We're in lockdown right now, and it's sooo hot in here!" She looked down at her sports bra and short-shorts. "Hm! Normally I'd be wearing something more before stripping down, but it's too fucking hot, so...!" She lay back, lifted her toned legs and butt high, and then unfastened and removed her shorts, leaving her in her black sports bra and matching undies. She heard the telltale "Cha-ching!" of some fan funds trickling in. Still laying back, she spread her legs, showing off her athletic gams, honed in the mega-block's gym. She frowned, realizing that she wouldn't be able to hit the gym until lockdown was over. She'd have to exercise in her room like a chump!

Realizing that the funds chime had stopped, she dropped the frown and put her fake smile back on. Her hand moved between her legs and she stopped, surprised at how damp the gusset of her underwear was. Sweat, or...? she wondered. She looked directly at the camera. "I usually only do this for special occasions, but what the heck..." She pulled her panties off and heard the rate of the funds chime increase. The auto-cam zoomed in between her legs, showing off her wet, blossomed pink flower, shaved clean that very morning. Removing her undies only made a slight difference in temperature, but she felt better for having done it.

Her fingers returned to between her legs. "Goddamn..." she muttered, surprised at how absolutely sopping she was down there, and she heard the funds counter slow. She had to watch her blaspheming while on cam, she chided herself; many of her fans were hard-core religious.

She easily found her clit, which normally hid itself away until she was more turned on. Clearly she was already. "Oh, fuck it..." she said, getting to her knees and pulling her bra off. The funds counter chimed faster again at the sight of her "Full Monty", and she smiled sexily at the camera. "Umm..." she moaned as she stroked her prominent clitoris and slipped a finger into her well-lubricated vagina. She turned and had a look at her cam room's chat channel on her glasstab screen. The usual *Yeah! You're so sexy!* and *Pull out the dildo!* were there, as well as a few concerned remarks about the shutdown. She wasn't going to let the latter derail her source of income, so she ignored the chat for now.

The request for the dildo, though, was a good idea, she felt. She reached into her side drawer and pulled it out: 7 inches in length, not too thick, and pale, using that new derma-touch covering that made it feel like a real penis. The artificial flesh had been designed to help burn victims, but like many other inventions such as silicone and streaming video, it had been adapted to baser purposes.

She moved the tip of the fake cock to her dripping pussy and dipped the head in, making her moan in anticipation. She couldn't wait...she thrust it all the way in and heard the funds chime go nuts. Yes! This was what she had been craving: a nice cock inside her, touching her in places that her fingers just couldn't reach. She started to thrust the sex toy inside her, and soon she was gasping as she pushed and pulled at it. She started to get frustrated...she was so horny...why wasn't she cumming?

She extracted the dildo from inside her and lay back, tired, frustrated, and even hotter than before due to the exertion. She looked at the chat channel...

*Is that your boyfriend?*

She furrowed her brow, confused. Her dildo wasn't her boyfriend! Then she realized that the auto-cam had automatically swiveled a little, keeping both her and her bedroom door on screen. She whipped her head around to see Will watching her through the crack in her slightly open door.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)