Bound
by wickedtess©


It is late afternoon with the sun creeping across the floorboards, when I hear 
your key in the door. I walk eagerly towards the open door from the lounge room 
to the hallway to welcome you.

I am standing in the doorway as you enter the hall .......and hear your low 
growl for the first time that day. "Tess, stand still and say nothing!" 

Senses alert, I stand where you order. I wait for you......wondering if I have 
displeased you. I watch just your eyes. Your gaze starts to caress my body from 
the feet, rising to linger on my mound. Then it moves upwards to lock into my 
own. Holding me motionless with those eyes, you walk purposefully towards me.

As you step closer I close my eyes and breathe in your scent. You lean forward 
and kiss me so softly it is like a whisper against my lips. 

My eyes flutter open as I lean forward desperate to kiss you longer, deeper, 
only to have you step behind me, away from my building need. Your hands move to 
grasp my arms. You raise one of my hands higher to place my palm on the door 
frame; the other you bring towards your lips and softly suck my ring finger. 
Slowly, you move it too until this palm also is resting on the doorframe.

Sliding your hands down to my waist you pull me back, telling me not to let go 
of the frame.

Your hands warm as they start to caress my belly under my t-shirt. You rub in 
soft round circles before moving up past my ribs.

You whisper, "Tess, I need to see you!" 

My t-shirt is scraped upwards over my swollen nipples. Cool air dances across 
them. Then I feel your head lean forward onto my shoulder.

Your hot breath growls against my neck, "These are mine, Tess!" 

Your finger reaches up and plays along the soft edges of my lips. They part and 
draw your finger inside, sucking softly over it. My tongue swirls desperately to 
hold you as you pull your finger out. You rub its wetness across my swollen 
nipple. Your fingers are entranced with my nipples which harden in response. 
Both hands start to tease, torment and pull at my nipples.

You growl again, "Mine, Tess!"

Gasping from the urgency of my rising desire, I push back aching to feel your 
hardness press against me from behind. When I realise you have stepped 
backwards, I start to whimper softly.

Again, you whisper, this time so close I feel the air tease my hair, "No 
movement girl." Your words stop my whimpering. You push my hips forward again 
with yours. When you withdraw yours, I am left with a bittersweet feeling of 
loss.

You reach around pressing your palm close against my skin. I feel my heat merge 
with yours as your hand slides inside my waistband.

You whisper against my ear, again, "Open your thighs, my girl." 

My body reacts. My thighs part, trembling. 

"Not wide enough, Tess," you growl as your hand moves between my thighs. Your 
jean-covered knee forces my thighs wider.

I feel my t-shirt high on my chest, feel my nipples aching with your last 
squeeze, feel my palms flat against the doorframe with my fingers gripping the 
wood.

When your fingers push against my slit, my knees lose their strength. Your 
fingers inside my slit support me. Hearing you unzipping me brings back my 
whimpers. Slowly, you tease the garment down my thighs, rubbing the material 
across my skin. My moans deepen as you grasp a leg to lift the garment away then 
release the other leg.

Your hands move back to again press against mine on the door frame. "No 
movement, my Tess!" Many heartbeats later, this pressure is released from my 
hands only to be applied to my nipples which are teased with soft long pulls.

These pulls become caresses as you move down my belly. My breathe catches as I 
feel the hard press of fingers between my thighs. My panties are pushed against 
my clit, held there for a beat, then released, only to be pushed hard against my 
clit again. 

My body trembles when I hear an aroused whisper, "Tess, your panties are wet 
......" Your thumbs slide under the band and pull them slowly down till they lie 
on the floor. Fingers reaches around, you part my lips and then pull at my clit. 
I can no longer control my whimpers. Shudders of desire ripple through my body.

"One day, Tess, I wish to dance with you like this, my hand pressing on MY clit. 
My fingers will give the only instructions you will receive as to what movement 
the dance will require, what steps would be needed as I draw you around inside 
my embrace. 

With your finger held tightly against my clit, I can't help but to start pushing 
my hips to use your hard finger to fuel my arousal.

Your hand is taken away abruptly. Your hands grab my waist, lifting me into your 
arms. I am forced harshly across the back of the chair. Pushing my thighs wide 
apart, you lift my arse higher. 

"Stay still!" you growl at me. I remain passive as your footsteps move around 
till you are standing in front of me. Holding my gaze you slowly remove your 
clothes, watching my reaction, until you stand naked.

Your cock, hard and erect, is in your hands. You watch me still. 

A sharp intake of breath leaves my lips as you start to stroke your cock with 
long, slow strokes. My hands tighten on the sides of the chair. My body start to 
inch forward. I ache to slide off the chair and kneel before your feet. "Tess! 
Be still." Groaning, I remain where I am. My eyes are fixed on your strokes, 
fixed upon the pre cum now glistening on your tip.

"Please," I beg.

"No demands, Tess!" walking behind me, I hear you move pass the small table next 
to the chair then feeling one of your large hands between my shoulders. Pushing 
me forward, pressing my head down, until the side of my face rests against the 
seat of the chair.

"Touch the floor, Tess, with your palms flat." I stretch forward arms now over 
my head and feel my feet lift from the floor, my buttocks rising higher.

"That's my girl. I wish to view you while I stroke."

A hand slowly pats my cheeks. Instinctively, I push backwards and forwards 
against your hand, liking the gentleness of the pat. 

Unexpectedly, two hard whacks are delivered, one to each cheek. I gasp loudly, 
trembling from the suddenness. I feel your body press against my thighs as you 
lean towards the table. I take advantage of your closeness by pushing back ever 
so slightly.

"My girl is greedy today," you chuckle an instant before the weight of your body 
is removed.

A large hand parts my cheeks as you drip the oil taken from the table along my 
cleft, a rough thumb rubbing the oil in soft circles. I feel the tip of your 
cock pressed lightly against me. My body stiffens fractionally. The tiniest gasp 
escapes me. 

One hand presses against the small of my back; the other, an enclosing fist 
guides your tip between my cheeks.

"I like the sense of forbidden, Tess," you growl. Then your hips press forward. 
"You will give me all of you, unbound, today."

Trembling with a soft, rising joy, I feel you feed yourself to me, millimetre by 
millimetre, until I feel stretched open, feel my surrender begin.

You stop, only part-way inside me. "Say it, Tess."

A soft whisper leaves my lips, "Fuck me." 

"Say it louder, Tess!" The rumble of your growl echoes down my spine. 

A desperate "Fuck me!" screams from my lips. 

You feed your cock into me until fully inside I gasp with both pain and pleasure 
as you rock your thighs hard against me.

I am wanton now as I am used to meet your needs. 

Both hands grasp my waist, pulling me back onto your cock as you thrust faster 
then pushing me away as you withdraw. 

One hand moves around to my mound. My hand seeks it out, clasps it, brings it to 
my entrance. I push two of your fingers deep, wanting you to feel the slim slice 
of flesh between your cock and fingers. 

My moans shake all conscious thought from me as you rock into me. Your fingers 
slide up onto my clit and push down over it as you feel my first wave shudder 
through me. Your cock starts to pound even faster as you match my waves. We 
spasm together in pleasure.

Later, when our breaths have settled a little, you pick me up, still inside, and 
carry me to the bed where we lie spooned together...











