Gabrielle pretended to sleep. She pondered her predicament and planned her means for escape. She had only intended to escort Leica to her home and stay a short while, until the injured woman was in the care of her love ones or could care for herself, but it seemed the blonde warrior had other plans. Gabrielle had the distinct feeling that the warrior had been faking the extent of her injuries and used it as a ruse to get the bard to the secluded cave. She was certain it would be difficult for Xena to find her even though they weren't that far outside Athens city gates but she had left word that she would be back in a little while. That "little while" had turned into their meandering journey to the secluded cave. Would Xena know to follow her here? Gabrielle was certain that Xena would be sick with worry by now. Her only comfort was that she had learned to never underestimate Xena's determination to find her, notwithstanding the warrior's strange behaviour in recent weeks.

Leica slept on the other side of the campfire and the two warrior women guarded the entrance of the cave. Gabrielle was sure to be closely followed if she answered nature's call to the woods. Even so, she didn't want to be travelling in the dark by herself even if she somehow managed to outsmart or overtake all three warrior women. Xena, she was not. However, her best asset, her ability to talk her way out of any situation, had not worked. Several times she had tried to convince Leica that it was time for her to go back to Athens, but the blonde warrior would not be swayed. She repeatedly pointed to her injury as the reason she needed Gabrielle to remain with her and when that tired excuse didn't work, she had no shame in using her warrior friends as thinly disguised threats for compliance.

Gabrielle went over in her mind all that had happened since they left Athens. At first, she thought Xena was acting like a green headed jealous fool when Leica had merely patted her hand reassuringly, but as events unfolded, the bard was convinced that she had been set up. In all the commotion, Gabrielle remembered when Brissea had screamed, "we told you not to do this, she'll kill you!" To the bard, it could only mean that the three women had discussed the situation beforehand and instigated a fight with the volatile warrior. At the time, Gabrielle had heard but had not listened to those words of warning. She was distracted by her annoyance with Xena's bizarre behaviour and had been easily lured into the injured victim routine. She knew Leica had been wounded by Xena but not enough to warrant her own personal healer day and night. She berated herself for being so gullible as to fall into such a stupid trap.

The bard had adminstered to the injured woman, who bled out of her mouth from the brutal blow to her abdomen. When the blonde warrior had regained consciousness, she had pleaded with Gabrielle to take her home even though her warrior friends were right there. She said she needed Gabrielle and the young woman's heart softened at her pitiful cries. She had quickly run to the barkeep and asked him to tell Xena she would be back in a little while. She chided herself for being so impulsive and had not given the barkeep a more detailed message but at the time she honestly didn't believe she would be gone for so long.

Think, Gabrielle, think, she scolded herself. How was she going to escape? She had patiently acquiesced to Leica's pleas to stay with her against her better judgement. She knew Xena would be furious with her for making her worry so much but she had thought Leica desperately needed her. However, by the end of the evening, she realised she was being played for a fool. Leica didn't need her but it was clear she wasn't going to let Gabrielle go. Her warrior friends menacingly toyed with their swords whenever the bard brought the subject up and as well, all three of them never left her sight.

Then Leica began to drop snide comments about Xena and Gabrielle was sure her intent was to turn the bard against her warrior friend. Gabrielle knew that could never happen but she listened anyway and defended Xena whenever she could.

Finally, Leica brought up Isiphae when all else failed. Gabrielle inwardly cringed at the mention of the mysterious woman. The blonde warrior told her that Isiphae was Xena's former lover from her warlord days and that her night-time excursions were spent visiting the woman at the Wicked Wing. She didn't tell you? Leica had asked in feigned surprise. Gabrielle had pretended as if she did but the shakiness in her voice betrayed her naiveté. Then Leica asked a curious thing. She asked Gabrielle if Xena had marked her. Well, you are her lover, aren't you? Leica had asked derisively. The bard was stunned by the revelation as Leica had pointed out an area above Gabrielle's breast where she said Xena was known to seal her love. Leica had laughed at Gabrielle's shocked look and snorted, Ask Isiphae if you don't believe me. Better yet, ask Xena. Gabrielle intended to do just that as her hand wandered unconsciously to the spot above her breast. If that was supposed to be the final weapon Leica wielded over Gabrielle to prompt the bard to desert Xena, it had not worked. Leica would have to kill either Xena or Gabrielle to separate them. On the other hand, even Death had not split them up for long, she smiled to herself. Xena had come back to her.

Xena, I miss you, Gabrielle silently cried to herself. None of last few weeks mattered as she thought of her complicated problems with Xena. Her brow furrowed with worry as she again wondered if Xena stayed with Isiphae the night before she left and what it meant. She shook that thought from her mind as she was confident that everything could be worked out if only Xena would talk to her. A sudden stabbing fear assaulted her as she hoped it wasn't too late. It crossed her mind that maybe Xena thought she was leaving her for Leica. She was brought out of her overworked imagination by the whispered conversation of Nestra and Brissea. They talked about how much longer they would be able to stay hidden from Xena. Gabrielle's ears perked up at the mention of Xena's name.

"Xena's gonna be here any day now, I can feel it," Brissea said. She sounded extremely agitated.

"I know, but what can we do? We can't just leave Leica alone."

"We should, Nestra. She's the one who got us into this mess. We told her, you think Xena's bad on a good day, she gets downright insane when it comes to her women."

"Leica thinks we're safe here. She hopes Xena thinks the brat left her when we hid her staff and saddlebag," Nestra said hopefully. "I'm worried, though, that won't hold Xena for long. She knows a lot of people." she added.

"Goddess, I wish we never agreed to do this. I don't know why she just couldn't leave well enough alone. Callisto was a good fighter and all, but Xena killed her anyway. I don't know what makes her think she can defeat her."

"Leica was in love with Callisto. That's all the rationale she needs."

"Yeah, well, Xena will kill us all, she won't care that this whole thing was Leica's idea," Brissea said gloomily.

Nestra put her arms around her worried lover's shoulders. "Yeah, I know. Let's just hope we can talk some sense into Leica and get out of here before Xena gets here."

Those words hung in the air as Gabrielle turned over in her bedroll. Callisto, Gabrielle thought. Damnit to Hades, would that woman ever leave her be? She didn't exactly have a plan, but somehow she would find her way back to Xena.

Xena was awake well before first light. She dressed quickly as she wanted to get an early start in her search for Gabrielle. She securely tucked Gabrielle's poem into her leather greave as a gentle reminder of the bard's love for her. She had slept with the scroll grasped tightly in her hand and did not want to part with the parchment that connected her heart to Gabrielle's.

Xena bounded down the steps that led to the common room and was immediately stopped by the barkeep. He had a message for her and handed Gabrielle's staff and saddlebag to her. Xena hurriedly opened the folded parchment. It was from Isiphae telling Xena that Leica had Gabrielle and gave instructions to a secluded cave outside the city gates that she supposed they would have gone. "p.s." the note read, "Leica was in love with Callisto".

Xena raced out the door to get Argo.

"AYIYIYIYIYIYI!!!"

Xena's fierce battle cry reverberated against the stone walls of the cave. A few swift blows and grunts followed soon after and Leica knew that Xena had efficiently dispatched of the two warrior guards. Leica quickly clambered to her feet, snatched up her sword from the ground and stood behind Gabrielle. The bard was a little groggy with sleep and slow to get her bearings in the early morning light. However, at the sound of Xena's voice, she promptly leaped to her feet.

"Get away from her," Xena warned Leica as she stood at the mouth of the cave effectively blocking the exit. The blonde warrior knew she was trapped in the cave and that Xena's beloved bard was the her only means of escape.

"Well, well, well. The Warrior Princess makes her grand entrance." Leica hid her considerable fear behind a cascade of dripping sarcasm. "Move away from the entrance, Xena, or you'll see the point of my sword sticking out of her chest," Leica threatened. She punctuated her words with a deliberate jab at Gabrielle's back.

Out of the corner of her eye, Leica saw Nestra discreetly entering the cave with her sword held high. Unfortunately for Nestra, Xena didn't need the same view as Leica, she heard the warrior's cautious steps, thanks to her preternatural hearing ability. Just as Nestra moved close enough to strike, Xena blocked her blow with a well placed elbow to her forearm that was swiftly followed by a timely kick to Nestra's abdomen. The near simultaneously blows forced the warrior to drop her weapon as she doubled over and clutched her stomach. All throughout, Xena kept her eyes trained on Leica and one hand on her sword. Unexpectantly, Brissea came charging through the cave to rescue her fallen lover. Xena merely stuck up her fist and allowed the enraged warrior to slam into it knocking herself out.

Leica used the tiny distraction to knock Gabrielle out of her way. The bard was shoved headlong into the wall of the cave. She banged her head hard and slumped to the ground unconscious. Xena watched in horror and was torn between running to Gabrielle's side and slicing open Leica's gut.

The blonde warrior circled around so that her back was closer to the cave's exit, however, she knew that Xena would easily catch her and slice her through if she tried to make a run for it. She had hoped that the bard's injury would have been enough for her to make her escape, but that plan clearly failed. She used the next best thing, her razor sharp tongue.

"I see why you didn't tell the little brat about Isiphae. She's so innocent and naive," Leica watched carefully for an opening to attack. As she talked, she imperceptibly reached behind her back to grasp the handle of her concealed dagger. She continued her verbal assault.

"She tastes so sweet, too. We all took turns. She struggled and screamed but we ignored her. Just like you do," she sneered.

"She's lying!" Nestra shouted. She tended to Brissea who was still unconscious on the ground. "We didn't touch her!"

"Xe... Xena?" Gabrielle called as the young woman began to regain consciousness. Xena cast a quick glance at her lover grateful that she was not more seriously injured.

Leica started to panic as she realised the Warrior Princess showed no outward sign of being effected by her words. Instead, Xena threw back an insult with equal venom.

"You know, Leica, if Callisto hadn't been so stupid, I probably would have let her live," Xena taunted.

At the mention of Callisto's name, Leica lost it. She hurled the dagger at the Warrior Princess and ran for her life out of the cave. Xena caught the blade in mid-air as it whooshed past her ear. She tossed it to the ground and raced after the fleeing warrior. Xena caught sight of the retreating woman or who was several paces away from her getaway horse. With another loud battle cry, Xena launched herself into the air and somersaulted over the flabbergasted warrior. She landed directly in front of the awed woman and in one swift motion plunged her sword through the blonde warrior's abdomen. Her face contorted in a satisfied grimace as she twisted the sword for good measure. Xena dashed back to the cave to get Gabrielle.

Inside the cave, Brissea had regained consciousness as she and Nestra cowered against the wall. Xena ominously approached.

"Xena! No!" Gabrielle cried out. She got to her feet and moved closer to the Warrior Princess.

Xena ignored her.

"I swear, we didn't touch her! She's lying!" Nestra exclaimed desperately. Brissea stared wide-eyed at the sight of Xena's massive sword pointed at her and Nestra. She held on to her lover for dear life.

"Xena, let them go. They didn't do anything!" Gabrielle pleaded.

"They raped you and they're not going to get away with it," Xena said, her voice low with seething rage as her eyes lidded over in unadulterated hatred.

"No we didn't! We swear by the Gods, we didn't touch her!" Nestra and Brissea both screamed in panic.

"Xena, listen to me! They didn't touch me!" Gabrielle hollered. She was afraid to get too close to the warrior because she might angrily lash out at her in her enraged state of mind.

Finally, Xena turned around as the truth in Gabrielle's words found a place in her heart.

"They didn't hurt you?" Xena asked dazedly. Gabrielle took in a deep breath.

"No. They didn't. Now put down the sword and let them go," Gabrielle said with more calm than she felt. "I'm fine. Really."

Xena turned to the cringing warriors and said, "You're lucky I'm in a good mood today." She motioned with her sword at the exit. "Now get out of my sight."

The women were momentarily stunned by their good fortune and sat unmoving.

"GO!" Gabrielle shouted. Finally, the warriors staggered to their feet and fled out of the cave at lightening speed.

Xena sheathed her sword and turned to her beloved bard.

"Are you okay, Gabrielle?" she asked and pulled the bard close to her in a tight embrace. She gingerly touched the growing bump on her forehead. "Please don't ever leave me like that again," she said as she scooped the smaller woman up into her arms and kissed her passionately on the lips.

"Xena, I love you so much," Gabrielle said breathlessly as Xena carried her out of the cave.

Chapter Eight

The journey back to Athens was quiet and uneventful as both women knew they would soon have much to discuss. Xena held on to Gabrielle's arms that fastened securely around her waist as they shared the saddle on Argo's back. She enjoyed the comfort of being Gabrielle's protector and was grateful that no harm had come to her cherished lover. She promised herself that never again would she allow her past to come between the mutual love she shared with Gabrielle. Once they got back to Athens, she would reveal her deep dark secrets that tortured her rejuvenated soul.

Xena and Gabrielle arrived in Athens shortly before nightfall and had taken in the evening meal and a hot bath. They each bathed separately as the tension in the room could have been easily sliced with a dull sword. Finally, they both lay in bed in their sleeping tunics as each didn't know where they would start the awkward conversation.

Gabrielle spoke first.

"So who's Isiphae?" she asked as she propped herself up on her elbow and stared directly into Xena's crystal blue eyes. Xena had been dreading the question and started to ask Gabrielle how much Leica had told her about her former lover then decided against it. Now was not the time for any more secrets. She had to tell Gabrielle the truth. All of it. She stared at the ceiling unable to meet the bard's gaze.

"I'll have to start at the beginning," Xena started.

"I'm listening," Gabrielle urged.

Xena was quiet for a few minutes searching for the best place to begin.

"When we met the Horde, I took over the Athenian army with ease. I'm ashamed to say it, but I loved it. You saw how I acted. I was consumed with the power. After we left, that feeling didn't leave me and it invaded dormant parts of my soul that I thought were under control. Those parts bubbled to the surface and controlling them was all I thought about every waking hour."

"Warrior lust," Gabrielle simply stated.

"Yes," Xena said as she turned to face the bard for the first time. "That's why I was afraid to make love with you. I was afraid I would hurt you," her voice cracked as she again remembered her nightmare of slicing Gabrielle with her blade. She swallowed hard and took in a deep breath to regain her composure. She gazed back at the ceiling and continued her story. "I've known Isiphae for a long time. I first met her in a small village where she worked at her father's inn. She was a serving girl and I seduced her and then she ran away with me and my army. She was hardly what you would call innocent and she was intrigued by my adventurous life. I taught her the sword and many other fighting skills and she was fearless in battle. We were inseparable and she....," Xena hesitated in her reverie. "She succumbed to my warrior lust that always surfaced after heated battles. Sometimes it got kind of wild and rough......" Xena paused again, momentarily lost in the passionate memories. "Anyway, we were together for four years and then she tired of the endless roaming. She wanted to remain in one place. I couldn't do that so she left and settled in Athens. She runs a lucrative business here and before I met you I used to visit her whenever the warrior lust got to be too much. This is the first time I've seen her in three years, since before I met you."

"Did you....and her.....?" Gabrielle left the question hanging in the air. She didn't really want to know the answer but she desperately needed to know the truth.

"No!" Xena turned to face her. "Oh, no! Gabrielle. I would never hurt you that way. Ever!" She reached for the bard's hand and raised it to her lips for a gentle kiss. "I just needed to talk to her. I'm sorry I couldn't talk to you about it but the nightmares were ghastly. They were all about you."

"Me?"

"Yes, they were about me getting out of control and hurting you. I'm sorry I couldn't tell you and I regret that now, but I knew for sure Isi understood me and I needed someone to talk to." Xena saw the hurt in Gabrielle's eyes that she had wanted to be the one Xena could talk to. She said, "Gabrielle, I'm sorry, really. I wasn't really thinking clearly. You know, Isi kept telling me to talk to you. She said you would understand but I couldn't bring myself to believe it."

"Well, believe it, you big dumb warrior," Gabrielle teased and smoothed Xena's hair away from her face. Then she got serious and hesitated to ask a question. "Is it true about the marks?"

Xena closed her eyes and sighed. "Yes. Isi has a mark from me on her breast. During my warlord days, I was obsessed with power and possession. She was my possession and I marked her as such, but that was then, Gabrielle."

"Did you do it with all your lovers?" Gabrielle was fascinated in a morbid kind of way.

"Only my special ones," Xena answered.

"Men or women?"

"Both."

"What was it? I mean, what did it look like?"

"It was a simple 'X'." Xena was uncomfortable and wanted to change the subject. "Gabrielle, look, that was a long time ago. I'm a different person now."

"Yes, I know," Gabrielle said as she leaned her head against Xena's shoulder as the warrior hugged her tightly. Xena was relieved that the bard was still with her and had not run screaming from the room. She chuckled at herself for having such an inane fear. Nevertheless, she was still mystified as to how she deserved to have such an understanding soul in her life.

"Gabrielle, I love you more than anything," Xena said. She wrapped her muscular arms around Gabrielle and held her tightly. They laid quietly in the warm embrace for a few moments.

"You know, Xena, about your warrior lust....." the bard said, "it doesn't scare me." She leaned up to look again into the warrior's eyes and got lost in the pools of azure blue. "Well, maybe a little," she grinned.

"I know. I read your poem," Xena admitted as she entwined her fingers through her beloved's golden-red hair.

"You did?" Gabrielle averted her eyes as she was unable to meet Xena's entrancing gaze. She swallowed hard and knew that she was blushing profusely. "Xena, I-----," her words were cut off by the warrior's mouth enveloping hers. The older woman pushed Gabrielle back on the bed as the bard whimpered beneath her. Xena's lips continued its oral assault and her tongue found its way inside Gabrielle hot mouth as her hands roamed freely along the younger woman's body. She searched desperately for any exposed flesh. Xena sat up and straddled Gabrielle's waist. She was out of breath as she gazed down at her cherished lover.

"Take this off," she commanded as she pulled the sleeping tunic off Gabrielle and removed her own. She pressed her full body atop the smaller woman's as the soft flesh of Gabrielle's body drove Xena to begin a new foray of passionate kisses. She swept her mouth along the hollow of the bard's neck and sucked lightly on the delicate flesh. She felt Gabrielle's hands massage her buttocks as her wet centre automatically slid rhythmically against the bard's thigh. She nibbled at Gabrielle's earlobe and breathed, "You're mine, Gabrielle."

"Yes, Xena. Yours," Gabrielle whispered. Her breathing was erratic as she could not hold back her desires any longer. "Please, Xena, let me please you. It's been so long," she whimpered. She motioned for Xena to position herself above her as the bard sighed in utter delight.

"Let's see how many other oral skills you have, my little bard." Xena smiled as she guided Gabrielle's mouth to her flaming centre. The bard wrapped her arms around the warrior's powerful thighs desperate to taste the evidence of her passion. The juices soaked through the dark triangle and Gabrielle deeply inhaled the musky fragrance. She moaned heavily into the hot opening craning her neck to slide her tongue deeper inside the slippery crevice. She lapped greedily at the liquidy overflow using her tongue as a merciless weapon wanting and needing to show the Warrior Princess her exquisite oral skills. She smiled to herself as Xena began to move her hips in cadence to her unwavering attentions. She deftly captured Xena's engorged bud and greedily sucked on it. The warrior gripped the wooden frame of the bed with one hand and nudged the bard's face closer to her need with the other. Xena's body rocked to and fro as the bard heard the warrior groan above her. Gabrielle continued her lavish tongue massage and sucked firmly on the bud as she knew Xena was close to the edge of her climax. Finally the warrior squeezed her thighs and a loud moan escaped her lips. Gabrielle was proud that she had pleased her Warrior Princess and sent her over the edge.

Xena took a few moments to catch her breath and then moved herself down to take Gabrielle's mouth once again. She tasted herself on her lover's lips and was delighted by Gabrielle's ravenous response.

"It's been so long," Xena moaned. She stroked the bard's cheek and then licked a blazing trail down Gabrielle's skin to the cleavage between the younger woman's breasts. Her hands began a slow sensuous dance as she scooped the precious mounds of flesh to her mouth. Her lips tugged gently on an erect nub as she tormented Gabrielle with the small flames that her tongue ignited. The bard's hand tangled itself in Xena's raven hair as she arched her hips at Xena's waist urging the warrior to explore further.

"Xena, I can't wait. Please," Gabrielle pleaded.

"Hmm....yes you can," Xena teased as she resumed sucking on the sensitive nipples. Eventually, her tongue swirled a haphazard pattern along the bard's taut abdominal muscles and Xena closed in on the auburn triangle that covered her beloved's hidden treasures. She licked at the tender thighs that surrounded her face and buried her tongue into the bard's steaming centre. Gabrielle moaned loudly as Xena's mouth made contact and her hips rose up to meet the lingual onslaught. Xena's mouth lapped hungrily at the overflowing juices that Gabrielle had been suppressing for weeks. She watched as the bard's stomach rolled in heaving gasps. The spector entranced her as she quickened her tongue's pace and urged Gabrielle on to greater heights of sheer ecstasy. Finally, they reached the pinnacle that pushed the bard to go tumbling over the edge.

"Xena!" Gabrielle screamed as the rocking wave of orgasm overtook her.

For nearly an hour, Xena and Gabrielle lay peacefully in each other's arms as they quietly enjoyed the afterglow of their lovemaking.

Gabrielle broke the silence. "I wrote another poem for you," she said.

"Really?" Xena was flattered at the honour. Gabrielle got up to retrieve the scroll, sat down on the bed and began reading.

"on the first day in August
i want to wake up by your side
after sleeping with you
on the last night in July
in the morning
we'll catch the sun rising
and we'll chase it from the mountains
to the bottom of the sea
when the day is over
and the night air comes to chill us
you'll build a fire
and we'll watch the flames dancing
you'll fall asleep
with your arm around my shoulder
and nothing will come between us
on the first night in August
the first day in August"