My Doctor and My Maid (MC, FM, Fdom, Rom, Preg)
By Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com

Chapter 3: Happily Ever After

Well it has been some years since I woke up in Maria's 
arms that first time and things have worked out 
beautifully. As planned, she was successful in getting me 
to make her pregnant within a few weeks of my taking her 
home (her taking me home?). How could it have been 
otherwise? She had stopped taking her pills as soon as 
she started working for me, intending form the beginning 
to share me bed. And as Dr. Rodriguez had said, she was 
hot, having me fuck her at least three times a day. She 
almost died of happiness when the paper turned pink. With 
dozens of relatives having to come from South America, we 
didn't succeed in organizing the wedding in time to 
prevent a few titers at the very suspicious little bulge 
in her virginal white wedding dress.

Of course Maria was surprised, although not as much as 
Carmen herself was, when she found out that the older 
woman was pregnant, too and several weeks a head of her. 
"Apparently I was so excited about seducing him for you, 
honey, that I forgot to put a condom on him one time that 
night. Or maybe it was just a tic of my biological 
clock," Carmen grinned. Anyway, I was the happiest guy 
around, knowing that two beautiful women's pants were 
starting to get tight with my babies.

After Carmen's and my Antonio and Maria's and my little 
Jennifer (for Lpez, not Anniston) were born, the women 
went into a huddle and decided that rearing their 
children together would make it easier to ensure both 
grew up bilingual. Maria and I pooled our money with 
Carmen's (mainly hers) to buy a big house on the 
outskirts of town with a downstairs from which Carmen 
could continue to practice. When I asked why it was so 
large, the women just smiled.

One night soon after we moved to the house I was lovingly 
eating my Maria's still tender pussy. Jennifer had nursed 
and was asleep in her crib (an absolute angel, only cried 
at night if she was sick). It was a perfect moment. I was 
bringing Maria down gently from her third orgasm, looking 
forward to her falling asleep in my arms with her head on 
my chest, when I heard a noise. Looking up I saw Carmen 
there smiling at us. I was shocked, but Maria seemed not 
to be surprised at all. "Mind if I borrow Robert for the 
rest of the night; it sounds like you've already got 
pretty good mileage out of him," she grinned.

I was about to tell her to get the hell out when Maria 
said, "Por supuesto! Are you sure it's the right time?"

"Pretty sure, but maybe I should take him for the rest of 
the week to make certain." Both women laughed.

Whatever they were talking about I didn't like it and I 
was going to say so, but Carmen just gave me a really 
intense smile. Suddenly I realized she was naked except 
for her trademark high heels. Beckoning with her finger 
she turned and headed for her room, leaving me to recall 
for the first time in a long while that both these women 
had some sort of power over me.

When I walked into her room she was standing by the crib 
looking down at her, at our son. "He's so beautiful, 
Robert," she said to me without taking her eyes off him. 
"Thank you."

"Well, I really didn..." my words were interrupted by her 
soft kiss. Without intending it, I was holding her close, 
her nakedness against my own unclothed body. Of course I 
was already horny from spending an hour between the sexy 
legs of my wife and Carmen had little trouble guiding my 
hardon to her pussy as we stood and kissed. But not for 
long. "Ummm, nice, but let's get in bed. I like to be 
comfortable when I'm getting fucked."

"But ... Maria ..." I protested.

"For the moment your wife can't enjoy this," Carmen 
smiled, pushing me back onto the bed and positioning my 
cock at the moist entrance to her pussy, "but I can." Her 
pussy enveloped me. "Oh, yes, baby," she moaned as she 
slid her pussy all the way down onto my raging cock. 
"It'll be several weeks before Maria can make you another 
baby. I'm ready now, stud."

"A ... b-b-baby" I looked up in horror at her determined 
smile.

"Of course, a baby," she grinned. "What else happens to a 
woman who plans carefully the best day to fuck a guy 
proven not to shoot blanks?" She grinned as she rode me 
slowly, taunting me. "Did you think after seeing little 
Antonio I would want to stop at one, baby?" The exquisite 
friction of her warm wet sex on my cock and her obscene 
plans for me were getting me close to climax.

"Oh, Oh! What do I feel? Is that naughty prick of yours 
getting even harder Robert? Does thinking about knocking 
up your wife's best friend make you want to shoot?" she 
giggled. "Imagine her being around me everyday, knowing 
that I got my big pregnant belly from her very own 
husband who just couldn't hold back his orgasm. Is that 
what you want, seeing me waddle around the house with my 
tummy full of another one of your babies?"

The knot in my throat made speech impossible. She was 
really enjoying teasing me, knowing I couldn't hold out 
much longer. "Better be careful, honey! Even a little 
leak from that big baby-maker of yours and my little 
pussy would be done for. Just imagine what would happen 
if my fertile womb were to be flooded with a load of your 
hot cum. Why my pants would start getting tight and all 
the girls at the office would figure it out. 'Did you let 
your girlfriend's husband make you pregnant AGAIN. What's 
wrong with you girl?" they'll ask, 'maybe that first time 
wasn't an accident after all. Maybe you just found a stud 
who gets you so horny, you WANT his baby.'"

I was groaning; Carmen was getting pretty carried away 
herself by now and started chanting as her orgasm 
approached, "A baby ... a baby," she panted, "a 
babeeeeeeeeey! She threw herself down hard on my prick, 
ground her pussy against my pubic bone, and shuddered. 
Her cunt clinched down on my prick and I came as hard as 
I ever have. I could feel jet after jet of cum blast into 
her recesses and she twitched in post-orgasmic shock with 
each blast. Then she just collapsed onto me. I rolled us 
to our sides and gathered her into my arms. She was 
breathing hard and - sobbing.

"I want this baby so much, Robert. Give me this baby. 
Give me your baby ... please."

I just held her and stroked her hair. As much as I adored 
Maria, at this moment, I could not love Carmen less. She 
had given me the most wonderful present a woman can give 
a man, the desire for his child. I stroked her hair and 
kissed her, calming her after the cataclysmic climax that 
had drained her. Although she was almost as tall as I am, 
I cuddled her like a child and reassured her with 
sincere, meaningless words. "Yes, Carmen, I'll give you a 
baby. You can have my babies - always." Her eyes were 
closed and she looked sleep, but she schoonched a little 
closer and sighed.

We made love the next morning and almost daily from them 
on. Soon enough Maria joined in, wanting more than just 
my daily worship of her with my mouth. Nevertheless we 
were all convinced that Consuelo was conceived that first 
marvelous night with Carmen. Again, Carmen was more than 
a month along before Maria got pregnant with Robertito.

Now maybe you think I'm going to tell you that both these 
intelligent, beautiful, and sexy women continued to give 
me babies every year, but that's not what happened. After 
Robertito was born, Carmen decided that Maria should go 
to university. She eventually got a law degree and today 
she is a top-notch attorney. During this time Maria only 
had three more babies, accidents, she claims. The twins 
were the result of celebrating her graduation Magna Cum 
Laude so we named them Magdalena and Laura. Barbara was 
conceived the night she passed the bar.

Carmen, on the other hand, continued to give me a new 
little one each year, Alejandro, Amparo, Benjamin, 
Rebeca, Susana, Estevan. Being pregnant was no impediment 
to her practice; indeed it was a kind of testimony to the 
efficacy of her "treatments. I was proof that she had a 
man several years her junior so totally in lust with her, 
he kept her pregnant all the time.

Fortunately I love kids and I am quite good at taking 
care of them, whether it's changing diapers (I've never 
go out of practice <g>), kissing boo boos, shuttling 
toddlers, pre- and elementary-school kids around in the 
SUV, or teaching Jennifer the fine points of fielding a 
pop-up fly. I quit my job years ago; Carmen and now Maria 
make more than enough money to support our brood.

Carmen is pregnant again, but she's told me she's afraid 
this may her last baby as she's nearing fifty. I could 
see the nostalgia and sad question in her eyes -- would I 
still find her attractive when ... She needn't worry. I 
intend to make love to Carmen when she's a great 
grandmother. Her beauty and my love for her can only 
grow.

Now that Maria is settled into a lucrative practice - a 
small firm specializing in cases of discrimination 
against women - she intends to play catch-up with Carmen. 
Carmen agrees that I should spend most nights with Maria 
until her next pregnancy is confirmed. Then they go back 
to sharing me equally. Having started younger than her 
friend, and already having four, there is no doubt Maria 
will eventually surpass Carmen's eight (maybe nine if 
she's wrong about the "change of life) Maria's mother had 
twelve.

I couldn't be happier married to one and living in loving 
sin with another of the two most wonderful women I could 
dream of. And just as they planned, all our children 
speak both English and Spanish, perfecto.

THE END
Comments, please, to:
Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com
??













----------------------- Headers -------------------------
-------
Return-Path: <vargas111@yahoo.com>
Received: from rly-xa03.mx.aol.com (rly-xa03.mail.aol.com 
[172.20.105.72]) by air-xa03.mail.aol.com (v78_r3.8) with 
ESMTP; Thu, 21 Jun 2001 13:15:49 -0400
Received: from web11606.mail.yahoo.com 
(web11606.mail.yahoo.com [216.136.172.58]) by rly-
xa03.mx.aol.com (v79.20) with ESMTP id MAILRELAYINXA31-
0621131507; Thu, 21 Jun 2001 13:15:07 -0400
Message-ID: 
<20010621171506.67754.qmail@web11606.mail.yahoo.com>
Received: from [165.13.72.250] by 
web11606.mail.yahoo.com; Thu, 21 Jun 2001 10:15:06 PDT
Date: Thu, 21 Jun 2001 10:15:06 -0700 (PDT)
From: Homer Vargas <vargas111@yahoo.com>
Subject: Re: WOPI/Alexandra
To: WWW1@aol.com
In-Reply-To: <126.56f058.2863658d@aol.com>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary="0-1536364800-
993143706=:64191"


