The Trailer Park
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2005 by Wizard

Chapter 9

"The bluest skies you've ever seen are in Seattle," I sang quietly to myself as I stretched out my legs to catch some sun. I really should put some padding on the porch if I'm gonna sit out here a lot. "And the hills the greenest green in Seattle."

Now what the hell was the name of that show that song was from? Brides something. And Bobby somebody sang it. I was wearing only shorts, so the sun felt real good on my body. I leaned back and closed my eyes.

I was feeling pretty good about myself. I'd faced temptation and come away unfazed. My family had left for church about ten, and I had the whole place to myself. I had been lying in bed, my hand gripping my favorite appendage, thinking about Paula. Well, mostly about Paula. Kelly kept sneaking in.

I was at the edge. The abyss of pleasure in front of me.

And there was a knock at the front door.

I understood homicidal maniacs at that moment.

I swore that if it was some bible thumper I was going to tie them to an anthill and cover them in honey, just like in the old movies.

I pulled on my shorts and went to the door. It was Luke.

Luke had been my friend. My best friend until that moment. Now I was deciding if I should beat him up or tell Suzie Keller, the ugliest girl in school, that Luke had a crush on her.

"Tony, you are not going to believe what happened," he said, pushing past me. "Is anybody here?"

I shook my head, and he sat on the sofa. As I closed the door, I saw Luke's bike leaning against the porch. Luke lived about a mile away.

"You know I've been going out with Jenny Bartlett?" I nodded again.

They'd been an item for about three months. "Last night, I was over at her house. We were in the rec room, in the basement." I nodded again.

"She," he swallowed, "she jerked me off," he practically shouted.

"Way to go," I said and swung my hand toward him. His hand met mine in a 'five'.

He gave me a blow-by-blow description of his night. With some guys, I'd take their story with a grain of salt, but I was sure Luke was giving me the real story. Or at least as close to real as his memory allowed.

We talked for about an hour. Mostly about when it would happen again, and how far it would go. Then as he was leaving, he said, "Maybe you'll get something like that soon."

That's when the temptation hit. I really wanted to tell him about Paula and the blowjob. After all, Luke was my best friend. He wouldn't tell anybody else. But I realized that it was a bit of one-upmanship. I wanted to top him. So I decided that I'd let him have his moment and just be happy for him.

Now I was relaxing on the porch, feeling morally superior.

"I've got a bone to pick with you."

I opened one eye. Mikee was standing in front of me. "Okay." I shut my eye again.

"Sit up and look at me," she demanded.

"Excuse me?" I said, opening my eyes but not sitting up.

"You heard me," she said, her fists resting on her hips.

I sat up. Mikee smiled in satisfaction. I stood, turned around, and walked into the house, closing the door behind me.

I stood just inside the door and waited. A second later there was a demanding knock on the door.

I opened the door. Mikee was standing there fuming. "Yes?"

"You shut the door on me," she accused.

"Yes I did," I agreed and shut the door again.

There was another knock, this time less demanding.

"Yes?" I asked after I'd opened the door again.

"I'm sorry," she said softly.

I resisted the urge to grin. "Do you have any idea what you're being sorry for?"

"Uh..." She looked lost.

I took pity on her, I'd been in the same situation myself. Usually with Mom.

"Apparently, I've done something to offend you. But you were being a little demanding in the way you expressed yourself." I stepped out of the door and waved her in, pointing at the sofa.

She sat down and looked up at me.

I closed the door and moved over in front of her. She looked away. I grinned, then quickly hid my expression before she looked back. I sat down in Dad's chair.

"Now, you have a bone to pick with me?"

Mikee looked back. "Uh, you molested my sister," she accused.

"I did?" I said in all innocence, wondering exactly what reform school was like. "All I did was give her a massage. Just like the one I gave you." I smiled my best 'Who, me?' smile. It had gotten me off the hook with Mom a time or two. "Did I molest you?" A dangerous question possibly, but sometimes, the best defense, etc.

"Uh, no. But..."

"Of course, I did her front too," I added. "She asked me to, and there was nothing wrong with it."

"I guess."

"I think the question is, are you upset because you thought I took advantage of your little sister..." I paused and she had the grace to look embarrassed, "... or because she did something that you hadn't?"

"Because I was protecting my sister," she answered firmly.

I nodded in what I hoped was a believing way.

Mikee stood and walked very slowly towards the door. "Well, as long as we got that settled," she mumbled.

I waited until her hand settled on the doorknob, then asked, "Did you want a massage."

She spun excitedly, then tried to look bored. "Well, if you want to," she said trying to sound as if she was doing me a huge favor.

I stood, walked to the sofa, and started pulling the cushions off and putting them on the floor. When I had my massage bed ready, I looked up at her.

Mikee looked embarrassed. "Kelly says you're not supposed to wear jeans or anything like that when you get a massage," she said in a half question, half statement kind of voice.

My first impulse was to tell her that Kelly was right. "Well, jeans make it a little harder, but there's no rule against them or anything." She was wearing jeans and a yellow t-shirt with a pair of flip-flops.

She looked relieved and started to lie down. Then she changed her mind and stood back up. She turned her back to me and started pushing her jeans down without unfastening them. I grinned as a pair of pale blue bikini panties were revealed. She pushed her jeans down to her ankles, then stepped out of them. Then without looking at me, she lay down.

As before, I started with her shoulders, though I didn't feel the knots that had been there the first time. I moved down her back, rubbing her ribs almost to her almost titties. At the small of her back she shivered as my fingertips teased her spine.

My hands settled on her butt. My cock twitched in my shorts. Her butt may not be in Alana's class, but for a twelve-year-old it was very nice. Full and firm to my touch. And the thin material of her panties didn't leave much to my imagination.

I spent a long time on her butt. Probably more than I should have, considering that she'd accused me of molesting her sister earlier that morning. I worked both cheeks, letting my fingers dig into the muscles there, and I teased at the crack of her ass almost to the bottom of her slit.

Finally, reluctantly, I moved off her ass and down her thighs. It seemed to me that Mikee was a little reluctant for the move too. I did her thighs, then her calves in record time, then slapped her butt lightly and announced, "All done."

Mikee rolled over and propped herself on an elbow. "What about my front?"

"I don't think so," I said, pretty secure in the knowledge that Mikee wouldn't let me get away with the evasion. "You have some private areas..."

"You did Kelly," she accused.

"That's different. As Kelly herself said, she doesn't have much up there."

"I don't have that much," she said as she pushed her chest out. "You have to."

"Well..."

"You just have to," she whined.

"Okay," I said, trying to sound reluctant. Mikee grinned in triumph and lay down on her back.

I tried to look serious and professional as I leaned over her and started kneading the tops of her shoulders. I was shocked to see the impression of her nipples against her t-shirt. They were hard! Was this little girl actually excited by the attention her butt had gotten and her titties were about to get?

I moved my hands to her ribs and skipped her tits, then moved to her stomach. As I did I watched her face, and when she looked disappointed, I took that as an invitation and settled my hands directly on her small mounds.

For the first few seconds I used my palms to rub her very hard nipples, but when she didn't complain, and instead looked very contented, I switched to my fingertips. I gave up all pretense of massage and just played with her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers.

Mikee's eyes were closed and she purred. Actually purred. I glanced down at her panty covered crotch and noticed that she was thrusting her hips a bit. I wondered just how far I should take this.

I thought about leaving one of my hands on a tit as I moved down, but decided that might be just a little too obvious. So I pulled my hands off her mounds and moved onto her stomach for the second time.

As my fingertips got to her pelvis it occurred to me just how strange girls were. Fifteen minutes ago she'd been yelling at me, and now I was about to play with her pussy.

I let my fingers graze her pussy mound and then started digging into the muscles of her right thigh. Her eyes were still closed, and I could watch her face as my hands worked on her. When my fingers were on her pussy she seemed startled but not unhappy. Then, as my hands moved to her leg, she seemed a little disappointed. Unless I was reading too much into it...

I smiled to myself and worked her right leg down to her knee and then reached across her and worked her left from the knee up. When I finished, I sat back on my heels and watched her. She looked like she was expecting something.

I grinned, and reached back down, and spread her legs a little wider.

Then I set my palm on her crotch and pressed down. She didn't yell or pull away, so I decided that she was okay with it and let my fingers settle between her legs. My middle finger lay right on her small slit.

She opened her legs a little wider.

If that wasn't an invitation...

I started rubbing my finger along the length of her slit. Down to the bottom of her ass then up to the top of her mound and back again. I looked at her face. She was holding her breath. I swallowed and pulled my hand away.

I knew that I didn't have to, but I figured that if I slowed down it would be better for all of us.

I sat back on my heels and gave her stomach a light slap. "All done," I said with a smile for the girl as her eyes blinked open.

She blushed and jerked her legs closed. "That was nice," she stammered. She rolled off the cushions and stood quickly. She grabbed her jeans and pulled them on one leg at a time, then pulled them up over her hips. "I got to go, I'm late for lunch," she said quickly and vanished through the door.

I grinned and started picking up the cushions. After I'd rebuilt the sofa, I dropped my shorts to the ground and lay down. I closed my eyes and pictured Mikee laying on the cushions in her t-shirt and panties. I wrapped my hand around my cock and a shiver ran down my body. This was going to be good.

The doorbell rang.

I cursed Thomas Edison for inventing electricity and the unknown inventor of the doorbell. I released my cock and swung my legs to the ground and stood up. I picked up my shorts and walked to the door with them in my hand.

I considered opening the door like this, but if Mom heard about me opening the door with my battering ram leading the way, she'd have it amputated.

"Just a minute," I yelled through the door and slipped my shorts back on and adjusted my cock to the side where it was a little less obvious.

I opened the door, and Kelly was standing there grinning. "Hi."

I understood child abuse at that moment. The urge to just reach out and smack the girl. I didn't, but I understood the urge.

"Yes?" I snapped.

She stepped back at my harsh tone, then smiled again.

She was so damn cute it was hard to stay annoyed. "Yes?" I asked again more politely.

"Did you enjoy massaging my sister?" she asked innocently.

"I..." Did you ever have that feeling where the walls are closing in.

"I was just..."

"She looked like she enjoyed it."

"She looked..."

"Yeah, I was watching from over there." She pointed at the front window.

I looked at the window then back at the little girl.

"I saw you playing with yourself after Mikee left."

I thought about telling her that I was interrupted before I could really play with myself.

"Do I get a massage now?" she asked, and without waiting for an answer started pushing her shorts down. She was wearing typical little girl panties in pink with yellow daisies. She lay down on the floor without waiting for me to get cushions. She lay on her back waiting.

I closed the door and walked over and dropped to my knees. "Roll over," I commanded, and she did.

Like yesterday, I started with her shoulders. But I moved down her back a lot more quickly and settled my hands on her ass. Her small panty covered ass. I rubbed her ass and she purred for me.

I moved her legs a little apart then continued to rub that beautiful butt of hers. I traced my finger down her crack almost to her pussy, and she kind of wiggled. Her panties fit loosely, and I accidentally eased them down until most of her ass was exposed to me.

She had to notice that my fingers were now rubbing her naked butt, but she gave no sign. I let my fingers lightly trace the crack of her ass but didn't invade between the globes of her ass cheeks. After about five minutes I gave her a good slap on her bare ass. "Roll over," I said, sitting back.

She didn't hesitate. As she rolled over I saw that her panties had rolled down in front until they barely covered her pussy mound. I was torn between excitement at her exposed pelvis and disappointment that her treasure was still covered.

I didn't waste time but laid my hands on her chest and used my thumbs to rub her nipples, or at least the part of her chest that would be nipples someday.

"Did Mikee like it when you rubbed her titties?" she asked with a giggle.

"You'd have to ask her that," I said with a straight face.

I wondered what she'd do if I pulled her t-shirt up and played with her bare chest. Then I didn't have to wonder. She reached down, grabbed the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up to her armpits. I lifted my hands long enough for the shirt to expose her chest, then my hands returned to her chest. As my hands settled back and my thumbs rubbed the darker skin of her nipples, she smiled up knowingly, and I wondered just who was taking advantage of who.

I decided that it was time for a trip south. Like yesterday, I let my fingertips graze the crotch of her panties as I moved down to her thighs. And like yesterday, Kelly opened her legs up as I did. Yesterday I'd wondered if it was an invitation; today I was sure. Especially after she'd spied on her sister's massage.

I placed one hand on her crotch and started squeezing. The other hand gave her legs a half-hearted massage.

"Do you want to take them off?" Her voice penetrated the daze I was in.

"Huh?"

"My panties. Do you want to take them off so you can massage me better?"

A lone small voice in my head suggested running for the hills.

Fortunately, that voice was drowned out by all the others saying, 'If she wants them off, who am I to argue?'

I abandoned my pretense of massaging her legs and grabbed the waistband of her panties and pulled them down, exposing that beautiful bald pussy to my hungry eyes.

As I pulled her panties past her knees, it occurred to me that Kelly was playing a little game of one-upmanship. Her sister had gotten rubbed on her panties. Now Kelly was going to get rubbed on her naked pussy. It also occurred to me that I didn't care.

Because my mamma raised me right, I hesitated before I reached down for her promised land. "Are you sure?" I asked softly, giving her a last chance to back out and hating myself for it.

"I'm sure," she announced and spread her legs wide. And when I say wide, I mean almost ninety degree angles from her body. For a minute I forgot she was ten and remembered that she was a gymnast. I also remembered all the stories on ASSM about gymnasts. Nice flexible gymnasts.

I reached down and laid my palm on her pussy. It was so hot I was amazed. Was it really that much warmer than Paula's, or was I imagining it because she was ten and this experience was so much more... so much more... just so much more?

I let my fingers relax and lay across her little girl slit. Because of her straddled position, her outer lips were open and my middle finger lay on her inner lips. She shuddered at the touch. I thought about asking again if she wanted me to go on, but the look on her face was all the urging I needed.

My mind flashed to Luke. I wondered what he'd think of this. I decided that he'd laugh his head off, make fun of me, and try to hide his hard-on.

And I didn't have a clue what to do next.

"Hypocrite!"

"What?" Kelly had been lying back, eyes half-closed. Now her eyes snapped open and she lifted her head.

"Nothing. I was talking to myself."

"Isn't that what crazy people do?" she asked with a giggle.

"Yes. Yes it is," I said and then laughed hysterically. I have a good madman's laugh. "Didn't you know?"

Kelly giggled again, and I pushed my finger into her slit, separating her outer cunt lips. Her eyes opened wide again.

"There are advantages to being crazy," I told her as my finger rubbed against her inner portal. "Of course, strait jackets can be a little uncomfortable." I pushed my little finger deep into her pussy. It slid in easily, so I replaced it with my forefinger. It was a tighter fit, and Kelly wiggled as my finger penetrated her most private place. "And for some reason, rubber rooms only come in white. Very boring."

I smiled down at her as my finger worked in and out of her pussy.

"How's your massage?" I asked as casually as I could.

"Very..." she hesitated, "very relaxing."

"You don't look relaxed," I commented. Her breathing had speeded up, and she was thrusting her hips slightly as my finger pushed into her. "Maybe I should stop if the massage isn't working." I didn't stop though.

"No, don't stop. I'm very relaxed." Then to further give the lie to her words, she suddenly arched her back and her breathing stopped for several seconds as an orgasm overtook her. Finally she oozed back, her eyes closed and her breathing soft. "Very relaxed."

I pulled my finger out of her pussy and sucked on it. I watched her lay there, looking very innocent despite what had just happened.

After a couple of minutes, one eye eased open and she looked up at me.

"Was that sex?"

I swallowed wrong and started coughing.

She open her other eye and propped herself up on an elbow.

"It was kind of halfway between a massage and sex," I admitted reluctantly.

"Cool."

"You'd better go." I said quickly, suddenly embarrassed about what I'd done.

Kelly looked a little disappointed, but stood and pulled her shirt back down. She picked up her shorts and pulled them on, then reached both hands inside to adjust her panties.

She stepped to the door and put her hand on the knob. "Are you going to play with yourself now?"

Damn ten-year-olds and their straight-forward questions. "Yeah," I admitted. After what I'd just done, I don't know why it embarrassed me, but it sure did.

"I could help."

I almost grabbed her and pulled her back into the house.

"I don't think so munchkin." I figured that I didn't want it to go too fast.

She shrugged, waved, and skipped out the door.

I watched the open door for almost five minutes, wondering just why I'd said no. Then I shrugged, waved at the empty doorway, and skipped to the door and closed it. I thought about disconnecting the doorbell, then I skipped to my bedroom.

I decided that I'd just ignore anything short of a six point oh earthquake or a jumbo jet landing on the house.

I had a very important date with my favorite appendage.


Chapter 10

I stepped out the door of my trailer and grinned.

Life was good.

Frustrating as hell, but good.

It had been two weeks since my encounters with Mikee and Kelly.

I was a little disappointed, because in all the stories I'd read, their sexual awakening should have turned the two sisters into raging nymphomaniacs. But I couldn't see any change.

Of course, we hadn't had any chance to be alone with either girl.

My parents and sister seemed glued to the house, and their parents almost never went anywhere. Even Tami's mom had been home with the flu for the last week.

As I walked down the steps to the driveway I saw Tami coming up the road. "And just where have you been, young lady?" I challenged.

"And just why is that your business," she said and put her nose high in the air, but I could see the hint of a smile.

I ran out in front of her and dropped to one knee. "It's just that I am under the spell of your beauty."

"A likely story."

"But true. I can think of nothing else."

"Really?"

I put my other knee on the ground and clasped my hands in front of me. I tilted my head slightly to the side and closed my eyes and pictured Tami. "Your hair so soft and silky." I opened my eye slightly and watched her as she preened slightly.

"So short and perky as it almost touches your shoulder and the way the light reflects over your golden locks." I didn't like that word, but couldn't think of anything else on short notice. Tami glanced down at her long brown hair hanging off her shoulder. "Your eyes as blue as the purest mountain lake."

My eyes are green," she complained.

I opened my eyes wide and pretended to stare at her. "Oops, wrong picture. Let me start again. Your beautiful long brown tresses..."

Tami turned and started to stomp off.

I got off my knees in a flash-two years as a catcher weren't wasted-stepped up behind her, and scooped her up. "Would you like me to describe in detail every freckle on your back and that cute little birthmark on the side of your neck?"

"Put me down," she demanded.

"Not until you smile."

"I'm never smiling at you again," she said and clamped her mouth shut.

So I stood there in the middle of the street holding a thirteen-year-old pouting bundle. I looked down at her and smiled. I could see her lips twitch a little as she fought the urge to smile, but when you're trying not to and somebody is staring at your face...

She smiled, then she laughed. "Okay, I smiled. Put me down."

"Can I have a kiss?"

"I'll scream," she threatened.

"After that, can I have a kiss?"

"Fuck it!" she said and leaned up and kissed me.

"Tami! Your language!" I said after I came up for air a little while later."

"What language?" she asked innocently as I set her on the ground.

"I guess I've just never heard you say 'fuck' before."

"You blackmail me for sexual favors, and I get in trouble for saying a bad word?" she asked in an amazed voice.

"Guilty," I admitted. "And ready to take my punishment." Maybe she'd spank me, that could be kinky.

"And your punishment shall be..." she paused, "to take me for a walk. I have a half an hour before curfew."

"That is not a punishment, milady. That is a great boon." I'd been reading T. H. White. "But tell your mom you're back and ask her if we can go for a walk."

"Why bother? I've got thirty minutes," she said glancing at her watch.

"Because, milady, that way she will think you trustworthy and responsible, and that will pay off later."

Tami grinned, "How did you get so wise?"

"Reruns of 'Leave it to Beaver' and 'Father Knows Best' on Nick."

"No Cosby?"

"The old ways are the best ways," I said in what I hoped was my wise voice.

"What if she says no walk?"

"She likes me," I answered with a grin.

"You're dangerous."

I nodded sagely.

We walked to Tami's house. She opened the door and shouted, "Mom, I'm home! Tony's here!"

"Hi, honey," came a voice from inside the door.

I stepped in. I really had to stop reading those stories on ASS. In the stories, Tami's mom would be a hot babe sitting around the house in her panties and horny almost out of her mind and we would fall into a threesome of wild kinky sex.

Actually, she looked like something they'd kick out of a leper colony. Her face was red and her nose was redder. She was sitting on the sofa in a ratty old bathrobe with a blanket wrapped around her feet and surrounded by dozens of used Kleenex.

"Hi," I mumbled, trying not to look at her.

"Tony wants to go for a walk. Okay?"

"Sure, honey. Be back in half an hour."

"Two hours." I said quickly and was rewarded with a surprised look from both.

"Forty-five minutes," she offered.

"An hour and a half," I countered.

"You're taking advantage of a sick woman," she accused with a smile.

"An hour it is then," I agreed, and she nodded.

"Are you planning to be a lawyer?" she asked as I ushered Tami through the door.

"No ma'am. I can't stand arguing."

I took Tami's hand, and we walked to the end of the street, and then I pulled her down the path that led into the woods behind the trailer park. "Where are we going?" she asked as I pulled her toward the darkness. I opened my eyes as wide as possible, wanting them to adjust to the darkness as quickly as possible. The trail was usually clear, but who knew what had been left there. "Do you know where you're going?" she asked after I didn't answer her. "Do I want to do this?" She waited a few more seconds, "Am I safe?"

We got to the creek that ran through the woods and I stopped. Actually I didn't know if it was a big creek or a small river. What was the dividing line, and where did streams fit in?

"Surprise, yes, yes, and with me or from me?" I answered quietly.

"Both," she said softly after she'd untangled my answer.

"With me, you're safe from everything but snakes. I hate snakes."

"My hero," she said with just a hint of sarcasm.

"And you're always safe from me," I continued, ignoring her comment. "You have but to ask, and I'll go away."

"Like I asked you to put me down?"

"That was different."

"Why?"

The simple questions are the hardest ones. "Because you didn't mean it," I answered after a while.

"And you knew this, how?"

"Our psychic connection?"

"Is that anything like the picture of me you have burned into your brain?"

"Only better," I agreed.

"Is there a reason we're standing in the dark? In the woods?"

"Don't forget by the creek," I added.

"By the creek?" she amended.

"Yes."

"Would you like to share?"

"No."

"I could scream."

"Loudly too," I agreed.

I let her steam for a minute. "Just be quiet and watch."

"Where?"

"Over there," I pointed at a huge tree across the creek.

We stood holding hands and looking out into the shadowy darkness. The moon was full, but the thick trees kept most of the light above us. Suddenly a piece of the darkness broke of the tree we were watching and soared toward us. Tami pulled toward me and I wrapped my arm around her shoulder.

I pointed at the shadow as it moved above the trees.

"Oh God," she mumbled as the shadow moved into the moonlit sky and became a huge owl. We watched as it soared gracefully above our little clearing and then disappeared into the trees. "How did you know?"

"I saw it about a week ago. It comes out about the same time every night. I was coming to watch it when I saw you."

"It was cool."

"Yeah," I agreed. "Owls look kind of stupid when they're just sitting there, but man can they fly." I dropped my arm from her shoulders to the small of her back and started guiding her back out of the woods.


Chapter 11

I stepped out the door of Paula's trailer and grinned.

Life was good.

Frustrating as hell, but good.

After the night in the woods last week, Tami and I had been closer than ever. I was starting to hear whispers about us in school. I'd taken her home, and we sat on her steps and talked for almost two hours. I couldn't even tell you what we talked about. We'd have gotten in trouble except that her mom zonked out on the sofa and didn't realize how late we were.

We didn't get a chance to be together, except on the bus in the morning. I had baseball every afternoon, and Tami was grounded in the evening because she was getting a D in health.

But now we had a nice long weekend to hang out. No school tomorrow or Monday. I had a double header on Saturday, but we could spend almost all the rest of the day together. Saturday night, we were even going to a movie together. Our first real date. Which I was already getting grief from Mom about, since she'd agreed to drive us. She was doing the 'my baby boy is growing up' bit and doing it a lot.

Paula had been helping me with my science, so my homework was done and I could relax the whole weekend. Her parents and sister had gone to visit relatives, and I thought that one thing would lead to another, but Paula was all business. She had a new boyfriend and had decided that this was 'the one'.

But even though she kept slapping my hands away, it had been a fun evening. I think I was finally getting to understand the way the eye worked, which meant I wouldn't flunk science. Yeah, life was good.

There's an old saying, 'Never take stock of your life when it's going good.' Okay, maybe I just made that up, but it should be an old saying. How did you get an old saying adopted anyway.

Tami was standing just down the street and from the look on her face, she'd seen me come out of Paula's house grinning like an idiot. And she'd added two plus two and come up with what would have been four if not for Paula's new love.

"Tami?" I yelled.

She turned and walked back the other way.

Should I go after her and scoop her up again?

Or should I give her some time.

Why don't girls come with a manual?

I could honestly say that nothing happened. But what if she asked if anything had ever happened?

Should I lie?

Should I tell the truth?

How the hell could I tell the truth?

God, the look on her face.

I looked up at the evening sky expecting it to cloud over and start storming, but the clouds floated just as fluffy as before. A beautiful spring Washington night.

Damn! I hate my life.


Chapter 12

Girls shouldn't come with manuals, they should come with warning labels.

WARNING

GIRL

(FEMALE ADOLESCENT)

Approach with caution.

Unpredictable. Volatile.

Hazardous if mixed with life.

'It was all her fault, ' I thought as I approached the back fence and made my turn. There was a pain in my side, but I ignored it. Eight errors in one game and a lap for every one. I hit the Dairy Queen sign as I ran by. And the worst part was I only played three innings before the damned coach pulled me. I got to the foul line and turned toward home plate.

Two times at bat and two strike outs. That really helped my batting average. Damned pitcher was throwing meatballs. Everybody on the team got hits except me. Hell, Danny McCoy got his first hit of the season off the guy. I stepped on third base and kept going.

Coach wouldn't even put me in for the second game. I sat on the bench. I was a damn bench warmer. I hadn't sat out an entire game since I was eight. I stepped on home plate and turned toward first. Three laps, five to go.

It was her fault.

Why couldn't she at least talk to me? Scream at me? Something?

Yesterday, I'd stopped at her house at ten and knocked. She looked out the window, then ignored me. At one she didn't even look out the window; she just ignored me. At four I made significant progress. She yelled at me to go away.

I waited until after seven, when I saw her mom come home, and tried again. I knocked and her mom answered.

"Hi, is Tami home?" I asked with my best 'boy next door' smile.

"Yes, but..."

"Could I talk to her for a minute?"

"She doesn't... I don't think that would be a good idea. Maybe later." From the look on her face, I don't think Tami had told her anything.

"Okay, thanks anyway." I turned to go, then looked back, "You look like you feel a lot better."

She smiled, "I feel a lot better. Thanks for noticing."

I didn't want to come off like an Eddie Haskell, so I gave her a wave and walked away.

This morning I tried again. She gave me a weak smile of encouragement and told me to try again later.

And that left me here, eight errors, two strikeouts, and four more laps to go.

Ricky was the only one waiting for me as I finished my laps. Which was only fair since laps for errors and pop-ups were his idea, not Hallowell's. He'd run two, one for an error in the second game, and one for a pop-up in the first.

I touched home plate for the eighth time and dropped on the grass in front of the third base dugout. Ricky sat down across from me.

"Eight laps! I think that's a record."

Ricky was about twenty pounds and two inches bigger than me, but I thought, one shot, right in the nose, and run like hell. "Yea me," I said after discarding the idea. Besides, Ricky was a pretty good guy for an eighth grader.

"What happened?" he asked as he picked up a small pebble and flicked it toward the fence. "You went three games without an error and then pull eight in a game?"

"Half a game." Why did I feel the need to set the record straight? "I only played three innings."

"Yeah."

"It was just one of those days," I said. I didn't want to make excuses.

Ricky studied third base while I got my breathing back to normal.

"Tami's pretty cute, all right."

Now I felt like Ricky had given me a shot in the nose, but he wasn't running away. "How... What did you... Who told..."

"It doesn't take a genius. Which is good, because I'm not one." He grinned. "You and Tami have been hot and heavy for each other all week, and then today you act like you've never picked up a baseball before."

"Oh," I said brilliantly.

"You want to talk about it?"

"No," I said. Then told him all about it. I left out the parts about sex with Paula and just said she was helping me with science.

"I wish I needed help with my science. Wait a minute, I do need help with my science. Can you hook me up?"

I gave him a pained look. "Sorry, dude. So now Tami won't even answer the door. So what do I do?" I pleaded.

Ricky looked thoughtful and I felt better. This is what I needed, advice from someone with experience.

"You do realize that you're asking advice from a guy whose been dumped by half the hotties in school?"

Oh. Maybe advice from Ricky wasn't the best idea. "Only half?"

"The other half won't even talk to me."

When I got home, I was still thinking that I needed advice. The problem was, who? If I wanted to know how to suck a tit or how the eyeball worked, Paula would be perfect. But for relationships, I didn't think so. The new boyfriend was about the seventh 'the one' this year.

There was Mom, but the way she carried on about my 'first date', I didn't think I wanted to go there.

Alana would probably have good advice, but somehow I didn't think she'd give it to me.

The one I really wanted to talk to about this was Tami.

I was on my own.

My cousin Eddy taught me chess a few years ago and said that chess was like life. You had to examine your options and pick the best one. So I figured now was the time to look at my options. Basically I had two. One, I could talk to Tami and explain, or two, I could say to hell with her, get on with my life, and learn how to play baseball again.

Since I didn't even want to think about the second option, I decided to go with one. That left me with two more options. I could go over right now, or I could wait. I wanted to go right now, but how many times can you knock on a door before it becomes stalking?

I sat in front of my trailer and looked at Tami's house. I decided that since I'd tried four times yesterday and once today, that I'd wait before I tried knocking again. Give her time to cool off and become Tami again.

I sat in front of my trailer and looked at Tami's house. I decided that I needed to do something to get my mind off Tami. I could take a swim, or call up some friends. My family had gone out after my game so the house was empty. I could get Mikee or Kelly over here.

I sat in front of my trailer and looked at Tami's house.

This was not working.

Okay, new plan. I'd walk over all cool and, what was the word, nonchalant. I stood up. If being nonchalant was being unconcerned or indifferent, does that mean being concerned or caring is being chalant? I'd never heard anybody described as chalant. I chalantly rushed to the hospital...

Damn, now the girl was turning me into an English major.

When I walked in front of her trailer, the front curtains were open and I could see Tami vacuuming. At least she was home. Her mom's car wasn't there, so she was alone. I swallowed, turned right and walked to her steps.

I stood outside her door for almost a minute, then knocked. Inside, the sound of the vacuum cleaner turned off. I knocked again. "Tami, it's me," I said. Loudly enough that I knew she would hear, but not yelling.

I stood staring at her door, waiting for it to open. Hoping that it would open. Maybe even praying it would open. After five minutes I turned and walked back down the steps.

So I spent my weekend sitting in front of my house. I wasn't watching Tami's trailer, but I was aware of it. Tami only came out once, on Sunday with her mom. They got in the car and left, coming back about an hour later with a dozen bags of groceries.

Mikee came over a couple of times and hinted at a massage, but I wasn't in the mood. Kelly came by, looked me over, shook her head, and left again.

Monday morning I was still sitting there. Some weekend. I kept telling myself that I needed to get up and do something. I even agreed with myself. But I sat there.

"Did Tony have a fight with his girlfriend?" my sister asked.

Sometimes you just need a focal point. Traci became my focal point.

I swung hard and hit her in the stomach. Traci fell back against the side of the trailer and lay there, trying to breathe. I stood up and looked down at her, "Sorry," I muttered. I left her there and went inside.

"Mom?"

"In here," she yelled from the kitchen. I walked back to the kitchen. Mom was messing with some kind of pastry. She liked to bake.

"Traci needs you?" I said.

"Why?" she asked without looking up.

"She got the breath knocked out of her."

"What happened?" she asked as she set down her dough and started wiping her hands.

"I hit her," I admitted.

Mom looked up at me surprised. Traci and I fought a lot, but I'd never hit her.

"Why?"

"She was teasing," I said, and left it at that. I really didn't have an excuse, and I didn't want to talk about Tami. Mom gave me her disappointed look. "I'll go to my room now," I said and started to slink away.

"Why?" she asked. Parents can be so stupid sometimes.

"Because I'm grounded."

"No, you're not. Tell your sister you're sorry."

"I already did."

"Then take a walk. You've been sitting around too much."

Parents! Who can figure them. I walked out of the house. Traci was sitting on the steps holding her stomach. She flinched back like she was afraid I was going to hit her again.

"Sorry," I said again.

"I'm telling," she threatened.

"Good luck," I muttered and walked down the street. Away from Tami's house. Damn girl. Now she had me punching my sister. No, that wasn't right. Tami didn't make me punch Traci. I did that.

I picked up the pace and broke into a jog. I hate running, but when I run, the only thing I think about is putting one foot in front of the other. Again and again and again. It was the only way I knew to shut down my brain.

When I passed my house for the sixth time I slowed down to a walk again. I guessed that it was about a third of a mile around the park, so that was about two miles. I was hot and sweaty, but I felt better. Seemed fair: one lap for an error, six for hitting your little sister.

As I walked around, Traci was sitting on the steps with Ann, Paula's little sister. And from the look that Ann gave me, I knew that Traci had told her that I'd hit her. Knowing Traci, she'd embellished a little. I hoped that she wouldn't say anything to Paula. I smiled and waved, but they ignored me.

I kept walking and turned down Elizabeth Taylor. Kathy was sitting in a lounger on the strip of grass between her trailer and her neighbors. Little Debbie was lying on her stomach next to the lounger, reading a book. I stopped and talked for a few minutes, then kept going.

When I came around to the pool again, I made my decision. I hadn't even realized that I'd been thinking about it. I'd thought I put it out of my mind.

I marched up to Tami's door and knocked. Her mom opened the door.

"Hi Tony."

"Hi."

"I don't think she wants to talk right now," she said haltingly.

"That's okay. All she has to do is listen," I said, pushing past her. Tami was sitting on the sofa watching TV. I stepped between her and the TV. Tami looked up at me like she was about to explode. Her mom looked like she was going to get between us.

"I don't know what you think you know, but I hope you never get stuck in a situation where you can't explain anything. It doesn't feel good." Tami sat up straighter and crossed her arms over her chest. I grinned, according to the body language book I read a while ago, that meant she wasn't going to pay any attention to me. "And you can stop hiding in the house. I won't speak to you again until you invite me to."

I looked at her mother still standing by the open door. "Thanks, I hope I wasn't a bother." I stepped past her again and headed for the pool. I stripped off my t-shirt and stepped up on the diving board. I was wearing cut-offs and there was a rule against cut-offs in the pool, but I didn't give a damn.

I stepped forward, bounced once, and did a one-and-a-half flip into the pool. The water was cold and felt good against my sweaty body. I swam the length of the pool underwater to the shallow end and then back again to surface just under the diving board.

"Not even going to say hi?" came a voice from behind me. I turned and saw Paula sitting on the edge of the pool in a yellow bikini. I hadn't even noticed her there, and in that bikini, that was saying something.

I swam over to her and pulled her into the pool. "I'll do more than say hi," I told her as I pressed my crotch into hers.

"Down boy," she laughed. "What's gotten into you?"

"You wear that collection of Band-Aids masquerading as a swimsuit and you have to ask." My cock had gotten hard, and I pressed it into her.

"I've got a boyfriend. Remember?" She pulled away from me, but not very convincingly.

"I've heard," I replied and covered her mouth with mine. I'd been holding the side of the pool with one hand, and now I let go and we sank. As we did, I pressed my tongue into her mouth. As our feet touched the bottom, I let go of her and we both swam to the surface.

I treaded water a foot away from her. "Gonna tell your boyfriend on me?"

"No." She grinned at me. "But I'm gonna spread the word to all my girlfriends.

"You do that," I agreed and swam toward her. I grabbed her and pulled her toward the shallow end. Once my feet were on the ground, I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her again.

"Maybe I should call my boyfriend and we could do a threesome?" she teased.

"I was never any good at sharing," I told her and kissed her again, this time sliding my hand into the back of her bikini and caressing the crack of her ass. "Anybody home at your house?" I asked, then remembered Ann sitting outside.

"Not if there's a god," she moaned as my finger pressed between her cheeks and teased her asshole. "Mom and Dad were getting ready to go out when I came over to the pool. I think—I hope—they're taking Annie with them."

"Let's see," I suggested and released her. As she walked up the steps and out of the pool I noticed that the back of her suit had settled a little lower than usual and exposed a lot of ass. Paula didn't bother adjusting it. Paula grabbed her towel and I got my t-shirt and we headed for the gate, just as Tami stepped out of her house in a white one-piece.

We stepped out of the gate and headed up the path that went toward Paula's house. My hand went around her and settled on that beautiful exposed ass. "Thanks again for helping me with that science Thursday night. I was afraid I was going to flunk," I said more loudly than was necessary.

Paula glanced sideways at Tami, then smiled. I told you she was smart. "No problem. Now you owe me."

"I'll think of something," I said as my hand lowered more into the junction of her legs.

We were past Tami's house now, and behind me I could hear a door slam. I guess she decided not to go swimming.
