John moves on to his adoptive mother.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 30 (Mf, mF, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's Note: All characters depicted are at least 15 years old.

---

"Mmf! MMM!"

John heard a young woman moaning in pleasure. He felt himself cumming into somewhere warm and wet, but couldn't open his eyes. Was he still asleep, he wondered? His stomach hurt.


"What are you doing, young lady?!" a woman's voice called out. "I told you to let him rest!"

The warmth suddenly retreated from his member. "Mmm! But he tastes so good, Momma! His stuff gave me an organism!" the younger voice responded.

"Orgasm! I see we need to work on your biology. Go grab your textbook."

"Yes, Momma."

He felt someone caress his face. "I'm so glad you weren't awake for that, John. How to explain? Well, hopefully you'll wake up soon." Then the woman was gone. Her voice seemed familiar to him, but he couldn't place it.

---

JJ's mother was removed and replaced with Margeau, but as before, she had no interest in him, unlike a few days previous. She didn't know English and JJ didn't know French, so they had nothing to talk about.

An hour later, Margeau was taken out of his room and replaced by Carmen. The former agent sat next to him again. "You stink," she said matter-of-factly.

"You see a shower in here, Sandoval?" he asked her, exasperated.

Jean watched for a while, but when it was obvious that Carmen was not going to respond to JJ's pheromones, he went out for a smoke break.

Carmen turned to JJ after the man left. "We need to talk."

---

17 years ago...

"Get the fuck away from me, freak!"

John had slipped into Kayla's room while she was sleeping. Unlike the first few days in his adoptive new house, when she had been screwing him every chance she got, taking a load of his hot cum deep inside her fertile pussy every time, now she was looking at him as if he was some ugly troll!

"Get out!"

John rushed back to his room. What had changed? he wondered.

Kayla started avoiding the entire family, taking her meals into her room so she wouldn't have to see anyone. She especially avoided John. A few days later, Melissa, his adoptive mother, knocked on his bedroom door.

"Come in?"

"Hi, John. Can I talk to you?" The pretty older blonde came in and closed the door behind her. Then she sat on his bed and patted next to her. After he sat, she asked him, "Did something happen between you and Kayla?"

"Um, I dunno..."

"Please, John, it's never been this bad with her. We won't be angry if you tell the truth. Sniff!" Melissa blinked and looked confused. "Umm..."

John thought about it, but then decided not to tell the truth. 'Sorry, Melissa, my adoptive sister and I had been having sex, and then all of a sudden she went crazy?' No, that wouldn't go over well. At the thought of sex with Kayla, though, his cock started to get hard.

"Hmm..."

John looked at Melissa, whose eyes were fixed on his crotch. Oh no, he realized, moving his hands to cover his shame.

"Do I turn you on, John?" She was looking into his eyes now, and her irises were dark pools. Didn't she have blue eyes? John thought, confused.

Then she was kissing him, and he was so surprised that he just went with it. The days of regular sex with Kayla, abruptly cut off, had left him with swollen balls. He was backed up!

He reached up and caressed Melissa's small breasts through her bra, and she gasped into his mouth.

Knock knock!

They broke the kiss and looked to the door. Neither said anything.

"Mellie?" It was her husband Brad.

She got up and opened the door. "Was just asking John if he knew what was going on with Kayla, hon."

"Oh, okay. I'm heading out for groceries...back in a bit." Then he was gone.

John reached for Melissa's rounded butt, but she saw him coming and grabbed his laundry basket. "I...have to..." Then she slipped out of his room.

John sat back on his bed. What had happened? he wondered. First his adoptive sister, and now his adoptive mother? He thought that he must be a handsome, sexy guy after all, but then why did Kayla suddenly break it off with him? His cock was hard and his balls furious at the titillation with no release. Frustrated, he got up and went downstairs to the laundry room, where he found Melissa tossing the last of his laundry load on. She had lowered the lid and was just reaching for the activation switch when John came up behind her. He had another load for her.

"Oh!" her cry was drowned out as the washer activated and started to loudly fill with water. John had reached around and grabbed her small boobs through her shirt and bra. As she took a large breath to tell the boy to get off of her, his pheromones rushed into her head. She swooned as those airborne hormones penetrated her brain, lowering her inhibitions and ramping up her own fertility hormones and pleasure center. "Ohh, John..."

He nuzzled behind her ear as he started to pull down her tight yoga pants. Her initial reticence was gone now, and once her pants and underwear were out of the way, she leaned forward, over the washer, and presented her rounded ass to the young man.

John wasted no time, freeing his hard cock and lining it up with the beguiled woman's wet pussy. He had gotten better at finding his mark during those few days with Kayla, and he thrust up into Melissa's forbidden depths.

"Ahh..." she moaned, and pushed back at him. Soon he was ramming into her. Her nipples were incredibly hard as her barely B-cup breasts shifted back and forth within her bra, so she reached back and unfastened it, freeing them.

John pulled her shirt up and grabbed her boobs in both hands, making her gasp. His hands were so warm!

She wondered why she was so horny for the boy. It had been a couple of days since she had last made love with Brad, but today her body felt lush, wanton, like on her honeymoon, when she had hoped to become pregnant with Brad's child. Then she realized that she was right in between periods and currently fertile. She felt a momentary shock at this realization, but as she breathed in and out, she decided that this was a good thing. They had found that Brad's almost nonexistent sperm count was the problem, and so they had adopted instead of using another man's sperm to impregnate Melissa. She had always felt left out of that decision. Wouldn't a baby that was half theirs be better than adopting someone else's child?

She had a small orgasm as John's cock slid along her g-spot at just the right angle. "Ohh..." His fingers were lightly tweaking her nipples now. Wouldn't it feel good to have a baby sucking milk from her breasts, she wondered? So good...

John's balls were full to bursting, and he felt his orgasm starting. He thrust deep inside his adoptive mother's unprotected pussy and grunted, "Uhh!" His cock throbbed and spewed his thick creamy load deep inside the woman's fertile vagina. As her overheated body accepted his seed, the hormones from his cum rushed through her, combined with the ones she had been inhaling, and distributed the sexy mixture throughout her body, pushing it into an orgasmic frenzy.

"Ohh-HHH!" she cried out, the sound drowned out as the machine's wash cycle kicked in. The vibration of it reverberated through her clitoris as her pussy clenched John's spurting cock, squeezing it for all of the seed that it could give her.

"Oh wooow..." John moaned as his loins were stimulated to a second orgasm by Melissa's hungry pussy. He felt relief from the pressure of his overburdened testicles as they released another torrent of seed deep inside the woman's primed reproductive system, drowning her cervix with his potent sperm.

---

Today...

Renette came to take Carmen back to her cell. As she opened the door, she noted that the boy somehow seemed more at ease than usual on the bed, and frowned. She sniffled, and gestured for Carmen to follow her. As the former agent came alongside her, her lips pursed, she paused. Renette regarded her. "What--?"

Spoo! Carmen had spat a mouthful of something warm in Renette's face! Her eyes were burning! "Ahh!" Renette took a breath to yell for help, and then swooned as the hormones from JJ's semen rushed into her body, where they quickly shut down her danger sense and other higher thought processes, while preparing her mind and body for sex. "Ohh..."

"Come on!" Carmen called out to JJ, who jumped off the bed and ran to them. "Renette, honey, I know what you want, but you're gonna have to help us first, okay?"

"Ouiii..." Renette whispered.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)