The competition continues...

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Losers, Chapter 2 (MF+, cons, inc, interr, oral, F-solo, voy)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

To summarize: I'm June, and to keep my twin brother Roscoe from getting asked out by a 'barbie', I suggested that he start dating one of the girls in our club, The Losers: Sue, or Sulu, a cute, short Chinese gymnast with a flat chest; Bella, a very tall, pretty redhead; and Larissa, a Native American with huge boobs but an acne problem. Roscoe and I are brown-haired and somewhat average, though my ass and his chest have started to fill out. We're all 18, in case you were wondering.

In trying to convince Roscoe to choose one of them, the three girls, one at a time, took him to first base. Then they got all the way to second before our parents came home.

---

On Saturday, all of us Losers were back in my house. My parents had gone golfing, and usually drank at 'The 19th Hole' afterward, so we had hours to...play.

I had already informed the girls that Roscoe hadn't made his choice yet, so Bella pulled her t-shirt off, showing off her light blue push-up bra. "My turn today!" the tall redhead stated as she sat on my bed and we all admired her pale, unblemished skin, slim waist, and the cleavage peeking out from between her B-cup breasts. Roscoe sat behind her and began massaging her shoulders.

"Mmm..." she hummed.

Sue sidled up to me. "My nipples didn't calm down for like an hour," she whispered. "That's never happened before, not even when I...y'know..."

"I know," I whispered back as I watched my brother's hands move to Bella's neck and she sighed. I had played with myself the previous night, thinking about how Roscoe had made Sulu practically pass out from pleasure. I fidgeted as I stood there watching him use those magic fingers on Bella. Soon, he was moving down her spine and her head was lolling in bliss.

Then he deftly unfastened Bella's bra and her boobs spilled out. She squeaked and covered them with her hands, but Roscoe pressed himself to her back and kissed her neck as his arms snaked around her torso. Soon she dropped her hands as his found her breasts, and we could hear her breathing deepen.

I heard Sue sigh and looked over. Her arms were crossed, and her fingers were unconsciously caressing her nipples through her t-shirt. I looked over at Larissa sitting on the floor, her face rapt, staring at her friend having her tits massaged by my brother. She was less discreet, her fingers clearly tweaking her own nipples through her t-shirt and bra.

Bella gasped as Roscoe found her nipples, and she leaned back and turned her head to kiss him as he lightly pinched those strawberry-colored nips. After a bit, though, she pulled his hands away. "Stop, stop. It went from nice to kinda rough. Guess I can't orgasm from my nipples like Sulu." She grabbed her bra and t-shirt and then rose to join Sue and I.

"My turn then?" Larissa jumped up and pulled off her tight shirt. We gasped at the sight of her white, industrial-strength titsling as she replaced Bella on the bed. She turned her back to Roscoe and he began his usual massage routine, starting from her shoulders. As with Bella, after a bit he moved to her neck, then down her spine, and finally he unfastened Larissa's bra.

I didn't realize that we'd been holding our breath until we all let it out at once. Seeing Larissa in a bra was nothing compared to beholding the wave of unconstrained titflesh as it exploded out. As if in slow motion, those boobs expanded, reached their elastic limit, and then bounced back. We couldn't take our eyes off of them as they bobbled about her chest.

"Jesus..." Roscoe murmured as he peered over Larissa's shoulder.

She turned and kissed him, and his hands soon slipped around her prodigious chest to grab...well, all of it...just not all at once, of course, as that was impossible. Soon his fingers found her nipples and she kind of laughed into his mouth. I figured that they must have been ticklish.

Her nipples were very large and dark, with wide areolas. One day, her babies would be very well-fed. But I'm getting ahead of myself.

Roscoe moaned into her mouth and we saw why: Larissa had moved one hand behind her to rub at his crotch.

Bella stiffened, and I thought that she was going to yell, 'No fair!', as Larissa had the previous day, but then she seemed to reconsider and sat back. Bella had upgraded the action from kissing to boobplay herself, so she had no leg to stand on.

"Mm! Mm!" Larissa moaned into Roscoe's mouth, and I could hear him grunting as well.

Then Roscoe moaned into her mouth and thrust his crotch into her hand. Was he...? Yes he was! "Nng! Nnh!" he gasped as they continued to French. Finally, he let go of Larissa's breasts and collapsed back onto the bed.

"Shit! We've lost," Sue said. "She made him cum."

"He had an orgasm?" Bella asked, craning her neck.

I could see a small dark stain blossoming in the crotch of Roscoe's jeans. "Yep."

Roscoe got up shakily, looking uncomfortable. "I need to shower." He slipped around us and headed to his room, presumably for fresh underwear and pants.

Larissa lay back on my bed, her tits still out, and sighed.

I turned and considered Bella. The tall girl's parents were Christian, her family always going to church on Sunday, and given that she didn't even know what an orgasm was until yesterday, it seemed that she was very sheltered. "Do you ever masturbate?" I asked her.

She turned to me, her face reddening. "I think I know what you mean, but no, that's a sin against God."

"Well, no wonder you've never had an orgasm, sheesh."

We heard the shower start up, and Larissa was fussing on the bed, trying to get her massive bra back on. I went and helped her. After a bit of contortion and elbow grease, her weapons of mass destruction were once again contained.

"Where's Sulu and Bella?" she asked as she pulled her shirt back on. I turned...we were the only ones left in the room.

We searched the house for the other girls, but they seemed to have left. We even checked the backyard, but it was empty. Larissa turned to me. "You don't think they..." She pointed toward the sound of running water.

We quietly opened the bathroom door and saw Bella standing there, her butt leaning on the counter, one hand over her mouth and her thighs unconsciously rubbing against each other as she watched the shapes moving behind the translucent shower door. I craned my neck and saw a small, lithe form crouched in front of Roscoe's masculine one. Two sets of clothes were on the floor of the bathroom.

"Pst!" I hissed at Bella, and she turned, surprised. I ushered her out and quietly closed the door again.

"What are you doing? What is SHE doing?!" Larissa demanded.

Bella's face was very red. "I thought I might have a chance to win if I got into the shower with Roscoe, but when I got in there, Sulu had already...and..."

Larissa opened the door and quietly stepped into the bathroom.

"Lariss!" I hissed, but she continued into the steamy room. After a moment, both Bella and I joined her, closing the door behind us.

We stood there, watching the stippled silhouette of Sue Liu as she fellated my brother in the shower. We held very still, not wanting to break the spell.

Finally, Sue spoke up, making us jump. "You gonna cum soon? My mouth's getting tired."

"I told you, Sue, I probably won't be able to again so soon. That feels good, though." Roscoe informed her.

She continued her ministrations, but eventually... "I gotta stop...my jaw's aching."

Bella strode forward and slid the shower door wide, revealing our diminutive friend in all her fit, naked glory. "My turn, then!"

"AAH!" Sue screamed and stood up quickly, covering her chest with her arm and her crotch with her hand. "How long have you been there?!"

"About five minutes," Roscoe said.

She turned to him. "And you didn't say anything?"

I could only see his silhouette through the part of the shower door that was still closed, but I could make out the shrug. "Didn't want you to stop."

Bella pulled her top off and unfastened her jeans. "C'mon, out, Sue."

Pouting, Sulu stepped out and grabbed a towel from the shelf as Bella pulled off her bra. The tall girl paused, but then shrugged and doffed her panties as well before stepping into the shower.

"Wow," Roscoe commented as he beheld her tall, willowy form.

Then Bella slid the door closed and dropped to her knees. After a moment, she called out, "June?"

"Yeah?" I answered uncertainly.

"What do I do?"

"I...really?"

"I've never...do I blow on it?"

"NO!" All of us yelled at once.

"Okay, sheesh...but what, then?"

I shook my head. "Why do you think I know? I've never had a boyfriend either!"

Sue spoke up, "Just treat it like a popsicle, Bella. Sometimes you lick at it, other times you suck, right?"

"Oh." Then we heard Roscoe moan as the silhouette of Bella's head moved forward to his hips.

After a bit he asked, "Hey, why don't you use your hands? Yeah, that's it, just grip it lightly...now stroke, up and down along it...yeah..." A couple minutes later, he moaned, "Ohh...I think I'm gonna..."

Larissa moved forward to silently slide the shower door open, revealing Bella, still on her knees, staring at the head of Roscoe's rather sizable cock as she stroked it. With the shower door all the way open now, I could see that my brother's head was back, eyes closed, as he approached his second orgasm of the day. We didn't even think to warn Bella of what was going to happen, and then it happened.

She squeaked as he grunted and his first blast of cum sprayed across her nose and cheeks. Surprised, she let go of his cock, but Roscoe quickly grabbed it to stroke the rest of his orgasm out. As we watched, he spurted another rope across her breasts, and then another onto her slim belly. The rest dribbled out onto the bathtub floor, and then he leaned back against the shower wall, huffing.

We didn't know if Bella was going to scream or what, but we were holding our breath again. She reached up to wipe some of his semen from her face and looked at it. "So cool..." she murmured. Then she noticed that the shower door was open, with us watching her. "AHH!" She drew back and fell onto her butt.

I was looking at Roscoe's dwindling erection...staring at it, really. I had never actually seen a man's erect cock before, so I didn't know if it was average, big, or small, but I was pretty sure that it wasn't small. With its thickness and length, it hardly looked like it would fit in my vagina...uh, any woman's vagina; I only knew mine for comparison, y'know? His dick was sorta like a pink cucumber, but with a mushroom head that was a bit thicker than the shaft.

"Ahh..." Roscoe sighed as he finished washing up, and then he helped Bella to her feet. As she moved into the stream of water to rinse his spend off of her, he stepped out, unconcerned about his nakedness.

As he toweled off, I didn't realize that I'd still been staring at his tight body with its burgeoning six pack and developing pecs until Larissa snapped her fingers in front of my face. "You with us?" she asked.

"Yeah, yeah..." I responded as Roscoe headed back to his room.

As Bella stepped out and toweled herself off, Larissa grumped at her and Sue, "You both got to play with his naked dick."

Sue had redressed by this point. "Yeah, but both you and Bella got to make him cum."

Bella spoke up as she pulled on her panties. "Yes, Sue, but you got to orgasm, and Larissa and I didn't."

I held up my hand. "Sounds like it's all tied, then?"

The other three looked at each other for a moment and then nodded. Crisis averted.

For now.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)