Harry awoke with a gasp, the feeling of someone’s hot mouth sucking at an erection he hadn’t been aware of. His back arched, muscles spasming; his skin was slick with sweat and sticky against another body. It was only as he opened his mouth for a groan that he felt another against his, tongue plunging deep into the wet heat to taste. Lips that tasted of cherry lipgloss were flush to his, lithe fingers sliding through his hair to keep his head in place. He was caught in a labyrinth of sensation, almost overwhelmed as a tongue ran flat along the underside of his length, and moaned into the kiss. 

He recognised moans mingling with his as the voices of Hermione and Ron, both vague and only hinted at; another voice, another mouth, laved at the shell of his ear, teasing a sensitive pressure point as if with nothing but whispering touches. Harry felt shivers of desire run through him, gooseflesh marring his naked body and transferring through those of his friends. He felt unfamiliar fingers caress his throat, the ridge of his collarbone, and finally come to rest at a nipple, tweaking it. Harry squirmed beneath the attention, no longer able to focus entirely on the other sensations to which he was being treated; Hermione had given up his mouth to take Ron’s, leaving Harry’s flesh to be alone molested by someone he still couldn’t place.

“You’re such a fucking moron, Potter.”

Harry blinked green eyes open, struggling to focus them as stars danced around the room. The voice was bizarrely familiar, but not as someone he immediately knew; as if the room swimming and spinning around him wasn’t enough, he now had this puzzle weighing on his mind. One hand groped for his glasses where he hoped they rested on his face, then massaged one temple - they were still there, they were still fine. He was dressed, and Hermione was nowhere to be seen. Ron, however, was another matter - he was there somewhere, but out of sight.

“No, seriously. You’re an absolute fucking moron.” There was that voice again, though louder and not purring ‘sweet nothings’ into his ears. If that was what they could possibly have been called, considering. Harry coughed, trying to clear his throat of a particularly harsh lump that had lodged itself there, and finally managed to blink away the stars and resulting dizziness enough to turn towards the voice. Any reply he may have made was caught on the tip of his tongue as he glimpsed the barrel of a gun, silver-plated and neatly polished to within an inch of its life, aimed directly at his head.

The voice continued, and Harry remembered where he had heard it - television. Not that he often watched much. It was usually just for work, like how he collected newspaper clippings and the like. Ron had once bugged him about how he could be misconstrued as some kind of stalker. The words were growing fuzzy in his ears, and he focused purely on the lilt of the voice, swallowing dryly as he solidified his thoughts in his head: Draco Malfoy.

“You think we haven’t been onto you, then? Even stupider. You know, when I took this on, I knew the lot of you were a bloody fucking waste of time, but I hadn’t realised you wankers were acting with less than a full deck of cards between the pair of you. Are you listening to me?” A sharp pain shot through Harry’s spine, and he belatedly realised that Malfoy had cuffed him with the butt of the gun. He gave another weak cough before nodding.

“Not sure why the government actually keeps you on. They realised ages ago they can’t do jack shite about us being here. And now the two of you - fucking ginger nearly kneecapped me, you know - thought you could do what an entire department couldn’t? Or maybe you’re the only ones stupid enough to stick with the department, is that it?’ Draco asked, pressing the cool steel of his firearm against Harry’s temple as he knelt down beside the brunet. Harry had to admit, in person, the blond was even more intimidating. A thought sprang to mind: that Hermione was working with him daily. He could barely fathom how she managed it. Perhaps she’d merely managed to escape the dry sarcasm and never-ending string of insults that seemed to spew from what Harry had initially thought was a well-educated mouth.

His thoughts lingered on Hermione a moment or two longer before he heard the familiar click of a safety turning off. “Look, I don’t precisely take well to being ignored, Potter.” And how did Malfoy get his name? It wasn’t like he was in the public eye. “So if you think you ought to live to see tomorrow’s sunrise, give me one good reason.”

Harry’s mouth grew dry. Even though this was exactly what he and Ron had been looking for, this sort of situation - with the impending threat of his brains being scattered over a warehouse floor - was hardly ideal. He wondered briefly where Ron was, how he was doing. How they’d been separated. If he’d been hurt as well. Harry could taste blood now, and ran his tongue over his lips, dried and cracked; it was coming from some other wound he was unaware of. Perhaps he’d bitten his tongue with the initial blow. Hermione’s voice in the back of his head - when she became his conscience was beyond him - warned to make sure it wasn’t internal bleeding or some gaping wound, but he couldn’t help but wonder if he’d get out of it alive enough to even care.

“Can’t think of anything, then? All right, if you insist…” Draco trailed off, finger beginning to lie heavy against the trigger. They were interrupted by a bang. The blond immediately jolted to his feet, cursing loudly.

“Boss!” A shriek from somewhere nearby - around a cargo container or two - mentally cauterised Harry, bringing him back to reality fully. The gun was gone from his temple, and he took the opportunity to begin a hasty escape, scrambling on all fours to get behind another nearby crate. Only there did he pat his holster down for his own weapon, pulling and cocking it in one fluid motion; he didn’t plan on killing anyone, but if it was necessary, he would do it.

“For fuck’s sake, Goyle - what?” Draco practically screamed, his sigh a swift, hissed exhale between grit teeth. Harry peered out from his hiding place, where he’d been conveniently forgotten, and half-watched the blond and his henchman duck around a corner, murmuring a conversation between them. His phone buzzed against his hip, and he snapped it open after a glance to check the caller ID.

“Mate, looks like their target hasn’t shown yet; where the hell were you just now?” Ron hissed, keeping his voice down. His sentences were slurred updates, little verbal punctuation separating each thought, as if the redhead was worried they’d be cut off by a firefight at any moment.

“Meeting Malfoy, wouldn’t you know.” Ron sputtered on the other end, quickly silencing himself. Harry stifled a wry chuckle, keeping his weapon at the ready as he glanced out into the expanse of the warehouse again; everything was near silent now that Malfoy wasn’t hurling insults at him any longer. It was so silent he could hear a pin drop - perhaps it was because of that that Ron was keeping quiet for the moment; a shuffle of shoes against concrete amidst the unmoving mafioso placed around the spacious room.

“God...Hermione. What’s she d-” Harry started, voice a barely audible murmur; he was cut off a brisk intake of air on the other end of the phone.

“Harry, don’t tell me that. Hermione’s here?” Ron swore, cocking his own weapon. There was another shuffle - Ron adjusting himself where he sat, possibly to get a better view.

“Don’t do anything hasty - she’s here on business, if anything.” Harry chewed his lip, only half-listening to Ron’s annoyed mutterings about how she wouldn’t pick up her phone; how she was putting herself in danger; and how he was bloody well worried sick at this point. He shifted, just enough to catch a glimpse of where Hermione disappeared to - she crouched now beside Draco, murmuring some update into his ear. A frown furrowed his brow as he watched, scanning the nearby area for some sign of what had happened, for what had saved his skin not moments ago.

“Ron - what happened, anyway?” He started, voice dropped in an attempt to hear what was being said across the room. The redhead cut off his tangent mid-word and gave an unseen shrug.

“You were gone, Malfoy was nowhere to be seen; figured I ought to do something, maybe ease the rat out of hiding. So I shot his little friend.”

“Completely unprovoked?” Harry asked, frowning at the phone. Certainly, he was no fan of any of them, but it was better to try and take them in, not kill them on sight; all they needed was one willing to open his mouth and give something away, and they’d have everything they needed.

“Course not, mate,” Ron drawled. Harry could practically hear the smirk in his voice. “Kill or be killed, that’s how this game is played.”

There was movement from where Harry’s eyes had since left; his next glance told him that he’d missed their departure. Somewhere else in the warehouse, a large automated door was slowly rolling upwards, a mechanical ticking giving him some perspective in the room. He snapped his phone shut, quickly tucking it into a secure pocket before rising into a low crouch and beginning a brisk strafe to the next cargo unit. The gun fell to a comfortable position beside Harry’s own ear, where he could easily bring it up to eye level for a quick sight, as he leaned against the box, inhaling in time to a mental countdown.

Three. He closed his eyes, visualising the end result: taking in Draco Malfoy and beginning the end of the mafia’s reign.

Two. He listened carefully, taking care to make sure Hermione wasn’t going to be in his direct line of sight. She hadn’t been, and he didn’t hear her footsteps; the last thing he wanted on his conscience was his best friend’s death.

One.

Harry’s train of thought was interrupted by a secondary bang, the sound of some loud kick back cutting his countdown off mid-word. A strangled cry rang out. A heavy thud and the clatter of shells. A loud cry for Goyle to get his arse in gear.

They were fucked.
---
The past few minutes felt like an hour and a half to Draco. The concrete was murder on his back, and sitting in that position for so long just waiting was hardly his idea of a good time. Particularly since he hadn’t even managed to get his one chance to fill that annoying agent - practically stalking him, those two were, by the looks of it - with lead. His heart was racing in his chest, and if he didn’t know better, Draco would have to admit arousal in the heat of the moment.

He cast a sideways, pursed glance to Goyle, wondering how long the man had been crouched uncomfortably in wait. The target was late. There they were, spending their time in a warehouse crowded with refrigerated crates and cargo containers, when they could have just as easily sent someone else - someone lower on the totem pole - to do the job. But Draco liked doing things right, and sometimes that meant getting his hands dirty. Besides, it was a once in a lifetime opportunity, he realised upon arrival; how many times did MI-6 simply walk into the same building with their cocky attitudes and guns with the safeties left on?

Not damn many.

Besides, Draco could still see Crabbe’s body lying prone in a puddle of his own blood in the middle of the room. It was perhaps a bit disconcerting to see his other henchman - friend, he might even go so far to say, though not in polite company - lying there gaping. It wasn’t much different from how he was when alive.Goyle was visibly shaken; he was distinctly green, his fingers twitching carefully. As if he were trying to keep composed in the face of what Draco presumed to be his best friend’s death. Or maybe it was just a facade for Draco, who was more than likely to chastise him for not having a good stomach for death.

The perpetrator was still somewhere in the room, one of those buggered MI-6ers that Hermione had so kindly updated him on. Though the blond still had yet to realise precisely where her plethora of knowledge came from, though she had alluded simply to a previous job. Either way, he had been grateful for the updates on the few files she could offer - something told him that she was being careful about it, never offering too much or too little, and always passing it under the guise of plain ignorance. But no one with such skills of observation could ever be ignorant to that extent. There was something she wasn’t telling him.

Hermione was crouching down beside him, hand over her mouth and her eyes averted to the ground; her stomach was no stronger than Goyle’s it seemed, though Draco wasn’t surprised. It hadn’t been long since she joined them, and she had never been able to watch even so much as a single, quick kill. And if someone couldn’t take a bullet to the chest, they certainly couldn’t take the expressions or gore that a bullet to the brain provided. Draco idly wondered how good a shot the other one was.

The blond took a deep breath, drawing Hermione’s glance up to him; Goyle, still in his own head, merely twitched slightly in response. There was one easy way to get out of there, and that was to do what they came to do. Both Potter and Weasley had hidden somewhere else, and - with Draco’s luck - they’d both be too late once he set his brief plan into action. Naturally, it wasn’t too far off from what he’d previously thought up; the only real difference was that he was now without Crabbe and Goyle, and Hermione was slightly more in the way than usual.

“Excuse me,” he drawled quickly, rising to his feet as he drew his gun, silver and glinting, and cocked it, striding pointedly across the expanse towards the slowly rising garage-style door at the front of the warehouse. Their supplier - bloody traitor that he was, having sold information to a dirty cop round a cafe just last week - was gesturing a truck in, completely unaware of the gun until the last minute, as it fell flush with his temple. Draco offered no statement upon arrival, merely double-checking that the safety was off.

Bang.

The truck driver slammed on his brakes to keep from hitting the falling body, swerving slightly in an attempt to see around the fresh blood spatter plastering the windscreen. Draco merely clicked the safety back on, tucking the weapon away, and shot the driver a pointed stare as he strode on by. He knew that the agents would be scrambling around to catch him now, and yet he walked with no sense of urgency. They barely managed to cover their backs earlier; there was no way they’d know their way around well enough to actually find him.

“Goyle! Arse in gear!” He shouted over his shoulder, knowing the brutish man would be grabbing Hermione the moment he heard Draco’s voice. It was a toss-up as to whether he’d bring Crabbe as well, but in the end Draco knew that his crony would just leave the other where he lay. He was a casualty of war. One that could have easily been avoided, admittedly, but a casualty nonetheless. It would be merely another stack of paperwork to be filled out once they got back to the office - how official they seemed from time to time - and a brief obituary for the local papers. Something heroic: Vincent Crabbe died young and in the line of fire.

Like he was military or something. In a way, Draco supposed. A corrupt branch that worked on their own terms rather than listening to the greater government. A guerilla squad, maybe.

He could see the pair of them racing towards him as he remained just outside the door, arms folded over his chest. He ignored the driver, attempting to silently scramble out of sight lest he take a bullet to the brain as well. Draco knew that he wouldn’t say anything to anyone; if they asked, he was traumatised by some traffic accident. He knew how that type of person worked.

Still an enigma, however, was dear Miss Whisp. Draco could see from where he stood, and where she was running, upper arm clasped gently in Goyle’s grip, that Hermione’s eyes were hardly locked onto him or even where she was stepping. No, her eyes were, instead, locked upon something to the side, tracking with a slightly concerned expression.

There truly was something he wasn’t being told.
---
He solved the problem easily enough later. It had only been a small trifle to get a tap installed on Hermione’s phone before she got home that evening; even less of a problem to sit there with a set of headphones in as he worked on that evening’s errands. Nothing for the longest time, and then his attention was finally caught.

“Hermione, I don’t want you doing this anymore.” A familiar voice, Draco noted, listening idly. The man sounded distressed, vague sounds in the background suggesting he was at his own home. A simple trace would allow the blond an address, but he had better ideas up his sleeve.

“I’m fine, Ron,” she told him, sighing. “Draco hasn’t done anything more than take me along-”

“That’s exactly what I’m talking about!” Ron replied sharply, distress growing. There was a quiet mutter from Harry, in the background, for Ron to just calm down already.

“What is that supposed to mean, Ronald? That I’m just supposed to...spend time in an office all day, taking other people’s notes and organising everyone else’s lives, while the pair of you run around putting yourself in danger?” Her voice was growing dangerously tearful, bordering on as hysterical as anyone could ever imagine someone so grounded.

“That’s not what I meant, and you know it,” he told her softly. He was treated to a long pause, punctuated by a careful sniffle.

“So what do you mean?”

“I’m worried about you.”

“We’re over, Ron. You know that as well as I do.”

“And yet,” Ron started, pausing. He gathered up all his emotions and his pride, tossing them aside with a sigh. “Hermione, I was stupid. I’m sorry.”

There another lengthy pause, and Draco let out a breath he hadn’t realised he’d been holding. Of course, that would explain it all - from the limited access to knowledge to the bizarre look just earlier that day. It even explained precisely why Hermione had stormed into the office that fateful day; the calculating bitch had just broken the heart of her poor agent boyfriend and saw an opportunity.

Was nothing sacred any longer, or was he the only one with morals?

“I know. I just-” Hermione kept talking past that moment, Draco knew, but he didn’t want to hear it. He’d heard more than enough, and thanks to a simple recorder, had a permanent record of it too. Just a simple nudge to the dial, and he’d shut the entire device off. Let them have their sweet reunion.

He’d get what he wanted in the end anyway.