Word of Honor
by Sue DeNym 

Summary :

Patty and Trish have lost a big bet with their brothers, and their father insists that the girls honor their word ...


Chapter 1

"Hello? Is anybody home?" called out Patty.

The 16-year-old girl nervously twirled her long dark hair around her fingers as she peered around the front door, into the living room, and then glanced up the stairway. There was nobody in sight.

"I think it's all clear for now, Trish," said Patty, returning to the door and motioning for her 15-year-old sister to come in.

"Well, don't get too comfortable," murmured Trish while she closed the front door and slipped out of her shoes.

"Not much chance of that." The older girl sighed as she opened the closet and pulled a large box from the top shelf.

"Do we really have to do this?" moaned Trish as Patty began to unbutton her blouse.

"You know the rules," came the expected answer. "When we come in the front door, every stitch of clothing comes off. And you know what will happen to us if we break the rules, Sis."

"It's not like we have all that much to take off," muttered Trish while she reluctantly started undressing.

Patty grimly nodded as she pulled off the dark blouse that her brothers had given her to wear to school that morning. It was a little too sheer for Patty's taste, and it fit her so tightly that sometimes she felt like she had to struggle to breathe. It had been obvious to every interested onlooker - and there had been plenty of them - that the slender, shapely brunette had no bra underneath to support her buxom chest.

The skirt she was wearing, which just barely reached the tops of her thighs, was no less tight, and Patty felt certain that everyone who saw her had noticed the complete lack of any panty line. During the school day, Patty could feel the eyes of every boy facing her glued to her chest, and every boy behind her to her ass, when they weren't ogling her legs instead. She had tried, with little success, to ignore the disapproving glares she was constantly getting from the teachers and the other girls.

As she slid the skirt off her legs, Patty gazed sympathetically at her sister, who, Patty felt sure, had been enduring even worse attentions over the course of the day.

Aside from a slightly smaller frame, Trish had always essentially been a blond carbon copy of her beautiful older sister. As they became teenagers, Trish had begun to blossom curves that were even more luxurious than Patty's. To neither girl's surprise, the thin, short-skirted dress that their brothers had given Trish to wear hugged her figure no less tightly than Patty's outfit.

Still, as skimpy as Trish's attire was, it felt like a tent compared to what was coming, and Trish knew that her sister felt the same way.

Even though there was nobody around to see them, the girls still blushed intensely as they undressed. Trish swallowed hard as she tugged off her dress and put it into the box. At least Trish, like Patty, did not have to endure the indignity of removing her underwear ... Their brothers hadn't given her any to wear, either.

Patty sealed the box, with what little clothing the girls had been wearing inside, and lifted it back onto the closet shelf.

Trish wrapped her arms self-consciously around her now nude body as her equally naked sister pushed the box back into place and closed the closet door.

"Have you told anybody about this?" asked Patty idly as she swung the closet door shut.

"What would I say?" retorted Trish. "'Hey, have I mentioned that every day this week, my sister and I have been stripping butt naked as soon as we get home, or else we'll be spanked by our little brothers?'"

She let out a soft moan, shaking her head.

"Why did we ever make that stupid bet?" asked Trish, for perhaps the hundredth time that week, her eyes welling up. "I hate being naked."

"Well, today is the last day," said Patty in what she hoped was a reassuring tone. "In about seven hours or so, the bet will end, and it'll all be over. We won't ever have to be naked for the boys again."

"I hope not," murmured the younger girl, gazing at her feet. "They'll still have those pictures of us - "

"Don't worry about that, Sis," said Patty, placing her hands gently on Trish's shoulders. "It's all going to be okay."

"Yeah, I guess so." Trish managed to smile weakly.

"Atta girl," said Patty, pulling her sister close. For a long moment, the two girls hugged each other tightly, Patty whispering encouragement into her sister's ear, Trish holding back her tears. As always when they hugged, the girls felt like they were drawing strength from each other.

Just as Trish was finally starting to feel her nerves settling, the moment was broken.

"Well, how sweet."

The words were spoken in a tone of voice that was far too lascivious for the 11-year-old boy they came from.

Patty bit back the urge to scream as she felt Trish starting to tremble in her arms again.

"Don't stop on our account," continued the voice.

The girls scowled as they turned to face their youngest brother, Chip. As always, their 13-year-old brother, Chuck, was standing next to him, the two boys sporting identical, smug smirks.

"Yeah," said Chuck agreeably. "We just love seeing two hot naked girls hugging each other."

"Would you please stop calling us hot?" said Trish, her face contorting in agitation.

"All right." Chuck shrugged. "We love seeing two really, really sexy naked girls hugging each other. Is that better?"

Chip burst out laughing, much harder than even Chuck thought the joke really called for.

"We're your sisters," said Patty through clenched teeth. "You shouldn't be talking to us like that."

"And you shouldn't be looking at us like that, either," murmured Trish.

Neither Chuck nor Chip was making any effort to hide how their eyes were sliding over every inch of the girls' fully exposed bodies. Both Patty and Trish wrapped their arms around themselves, trying to cover their most private parts from their brothers' shameless ogling.

"All right, enough of that," said Chuck, folding his arms. "Stand up straight, girls. Arms by your sides, and facing us."

"Chuck, come on - " started Patty.

"We had a deal," Chuck reminded her.

"Yeah," Chip put in. "We made a bet, and us boys won. So you girls have to do everything we say for one week. EVERYTHING."

"That was a week ago," said Trish. "Today is the last day - "

"The day's not over yet," replied Chuck. "We still got a few more hours."

"So quit complainin' and show us what you got," said Chip, laughing a little as his lips curled into a cruel smile.

Patty sighed and slowly lowered her arms to her sides, with Trish reluctantly following her sister's lead. Both girls' faces fairly glowed with humiliation as they now gave a full, unobstructed view of their nakedness to their brothers' hungry eyes.

It was a sight that Chuck and Chip had been treated to for hours at a time, every day, for the past week, but still, the boys seemed every bit as enraptured by the vision of their beautiful sisters in the altogether as they had been the first time.

"All right," said Chuck finally. "Now, let's get a look at the rear view. Turn around, girls."

Patty let out a resigned sigh as she began to turn away from the boys. For her sister, though, this was just too much.

"You know, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!" burst from Trish, tears forming in her eyes.

"Trish, take it easy," said Patty, putting her hand on her sister's shoulder.

"We had a deal," said Chuck again, rather more defensively than before. "You girls agreed to do everything we say - "

"You're supposed to play fair!" interrupted Trish, her voice rising.

Chuck seemed to freeze at that, but his brother's temper was now flaring.

"You girls were going to do this to us if we lost the bet!" said Chip hotly.

"You deserved it!" Trish was shouting now.

"Trish, enough!" said Patty sharply. "Let's not have this argument again. We've only got a few more hours until the bet ends, so let's all just get through it, okay?"

Trish let out a heavy sigh as Patty turned her back to the boys. Again, Trish followed her sister's lead. Both girls reddened again as they heard Chuck and Chip letting out their usual whistling at the sight.

As the boys ogled their naked sisters, Patty and Trish were soon tapping their feet impatiently.

"Haven't you seen enough yet?" Patty finally asked, not looking at her brothers.

"All right, I guess we can move on," said Chuck.

Patty and Trish heard some shuffling as Chuck walked up behind them, making both girls groan.

"Do you really have to tie us up again?" Patty didn't even bother to look over her shoulder to see Chuck holding the cords he'd taken out of his bag.

"We had a deal," said Chuck for the third time. "Besides, we don't want you girls slapping us again."

"We said we were sorry," grumbled Trish. "But you boys were touching us way too - "

"Enough," said Chuck. "Hands behind your backs, girls."

Chuck handed some of the cords to Chip, who practically drooled as he approached Trish.

Trish could feel Chip's steamy breath on the back of her neck as he tied her wrists together, tightly enough to make her wince in pain. Chuck wasn't quite as cruel as he bound Patty's wrists, but they were no less secure.

"Okay," said Chip, taking a firm grip of his sister's arm, "Time for your spanking, Trish."

"Spanking?" wailed Trish. "Oh, not again - What did I even do this time?"

"Nothing," said Chip. "But it's our last day, and who knows when I'll ever get a chance to spank you again?"

"Never," vowed Trish furiously. "You will never spank me again after today, or see me naked, or do anything to me!"

"Well, then, I'd better spank you while I still have the chance, right?"

Trish reluctantly let Chip lead her toward the living room couch.

"Hey!" she protested when she felt Chip fill his hand full of her butt.

"Quiet," said Chip as he squeezed Trish's bottom, a smirk spreading across his face.

Trish cringed as Chip brought her to the sofa, his hand on her rear the whole time. Within seconds, Chip was sitting on the couch and Trish was lying face-down across his lap, a position she had become all too familiar with.

"Stop fondling my butt!" said Trish angrily as she struggled awkwardly against Chip's grip. A moment later, Trish let out a high-pitched wail as Chip smacked her hard on her behind.

"Quit squirmin'," he told her as he resumed squeezing her backside. "This could be my last time doing this, and I want to enjoy myself."

Trish fell silent, grinding her teeth as her brother's hand explored ever more of her bare flesh.

"Nice," breathed Chip, luxuriating in the sight and feel of Trish's tight, shapely bottom. "You know, when I get a girlfriend, I hope she has an ass just like yours, Trish."

"Oh, for ... " Trish shivered in revulsion. "You little perv - "

"Be quiet," said Chip. "Unless you want me to gag you again ... Or maybe ... "

Chip smiled as he leaned in close to Trish and whispered, "Maybe I could stuff something else in your mouth, like I did last night, remember?"

Trish froze.

"I warned you about that, Chip," she said, her voice now deathly quiet. "You ever do that again and I'll bite it off."

"Oh, well." Chip shrugged. "Easy come, easy go ... Now, let's have some fun ... "

"OW!" cried Trish as Chip smacked her hard on her rear again.

"I'll never get tired of hearing that," remarked Chip.

Soon, Trish was wailing in pain, rage, and humiliation as Chip gleefully smacked her bare bottom again and again.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the living room, Patty was having troubles of her own.

"Stop kissing me!" Patty tried to pull away from Chuck, but he had too firm a grip on her. "Chuck - Mmmppphhh!"

Patty's protests turned into muffled moans as Chuck pressed his lips deeply into hers. She winced as she felt his tongue darting into her mouth.

"Chuck, stop it!" gasped Patty when she finally managed to break free of his lips. "I'm your sister, this is so wrong - "

"I'm just practicing," said Chuck, pulling Patty closer to him. "Look, one day, I'm gonna kiss a girl for real, and when I do, I want to be good at it, okay? Now, c'mere."

Patty let out another moan as Chuck kissed her again, even more passionately than before.

Practice, he claimed. Patty didn't buy it for a second. As Chuck pressed his sister's body tightly up against his, Patty could feel how much Chuck was enjoying this ...

"Wow," breathed Chuck, breaking the kiss but not letting go of Patty's body. "You've got really nice lips. When I get a girlfriend, I hope she's as good a kisser as you, Patty."

Patty groaned, shaking her head in disgust.

"Hey, it looks like Chip appreciates Trish's lips, too."

Chuck was smiling, but Patty moaned in dismay at the sight of Chip now kissing Trish.

"Man, no wonder guys are always trying to kiss girls," Chip was saying. "This is fun."

Trish whimpered as Chip mashed his mouth into hers. Patty silently lamented that, now and forever, she and Trish would have to know that their first kisses were with their brothers ...

"Chuck, we don't deserve to be treated like this," said Patty, her voice tinged with bitterness.

"Of course you do," said Chuck evenly. "You always deserve this, Patty, just like Trish does. You deserve to be spanked and you deserve to be kissed, whether you want it or not."

"And why is that?" asked Patty sardonically.

"Simple," said Chuck with a shrug. "Because you're a girl."

Patty's eyes widened and she opened her mouth to tell Chuck off ... only to have more muffled moans emerge from her lips as Chuck stuffed a small washcloth into her mouth.

"You're a girl," repeated Chuck, "which is also why it's a good idea for me to do this."

After gagging Patty, Chuck began pulling the squirming, protesting girl toward the living room sofa, grinning as he whispered to her, "Now, it's time for me to have some fun with that cute little ass of yours, Patty ... "

Moments later, Chuck and Chip were sitting next to each other on the couch, with both of their pretty sisters sobbing as Chuck enthusiastically spanked Patty, and Chip, with just as much enthusiasm, kissed Trish.

"Man, I'm gonna miss this," lamented Chip.

"Well, we'll have plenty of pictures to keep as souvenirs," said Chuck, making the girls groan.

"Come on, Chip," whimpered Trish, now offering little more than a token struggle as her brother pulled her close again. "Haven't you kissed me enough already? And Chuck, haven't you spanked Patty enough, too?"

"I don't think I could ever get enough of this," answered Chip, pulling Trish's lips to his once again as Chuck resumed smacking the whimpering Patty's rear.

Just then, the front door opened, and in walked their 19-year-old brother, Greg, carrying some grocery bags, followed by their father, Charles Eddison.

"Hi, kids," said Mr. Eddison, hanging up his jacket. He seemed quite unfazed by the sight of his two youngest sons spanking and kissing their naked sisters.

"Having fun?" asked Greg, glancing at his younger siblings with a raised eyebrow. The boys grinned back at him.

"Now, really," said Mr. Eddison, walking into the living room. "Patty, Trish, you girls really shouldn't pester your brothers so much."

Chuck and Chip snickered, while Patty and Trish glared comically at their father.

"Daddy," whined Trish, while Patty could only make muffled pleas through her gag.

"Okay, okay, really, that's enough," said Mr. Eddison. "Chuck, Chip, untie your sisters and take that gag off of Patty, and then go upstairs and do your homework."

"But I haven't finished spanking Patty yet," protested Chuck.

"You can spank your sister after your schoolwork is done," said Mr. Eddison. "Now, come on, hop to it."

The boys grumbled as they untied the girls, and then reluctantly got up and headed up the stairs.

Trish, thoroughly humiliated, pulled her legs up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them, rocking slightly back and forth as she blinked back tears. Patty sighed softly as she rubbed her bottom, and then her wrists.

"Here, girls, I got something that should help you," said Greg, taking two small bottles of lotion out of the grocery bags and handing them to his sisters.

"Thanks, Greg," murmured Trish, as Patty nodded.

"You girls go upstairs and get some rest," said their father. "But make sure to get dinner ready by seven, all right?"

"Yes, Daddy," said Patty quietly, getting to her feet.

"Oh, and girls, don't forget, the game's on tonight," said Greg.

"The boys and I will be expecting you two to wait on us, serve snacks and drinks, while we watch the game," said Mr. Eddison. He smiled as he added, "Naturally, you will both do so in the nude."

"Oh, Daddy!" moaned Trish, wrapping her arms around her chest.

"Daddy, do we really have to be naked?" asked Patty in despair.

"Patty. Trish. Girls. Do we really have to go through this again?" asked their father sternly. "You have to honor your agreements."

"The bet was only for a week, and today's the last day," persisted Trish.

"Girls, your agreement with Chuck and Chip was for one full week, which ends at your bedtime tonight. Not one minute earlier."

"But - "

"Daddy - "

"No arguments, girls."

"Yes, Daddy," said Patty and Trish, both girls sighing in resignation.

"C'mere, girls," said their father, his tone softening, as he held out his arms.

Mr. Eddison smiled as he hugged his daughters, and then gave each girl an affectionate swat on her rear as he motioned for them to go upstairs.

As Patty and Trish headed up the stairway, rubbing their bottoms, their father and older brother both tilted their heads, admiring the view.

"Well, this has been quite a week," remarked Greg. "It's kind of too bad it has to end tonight."

"Oh, I don't think you need to worry about that," said Mr. Eddison, turning to his eldest son.

"Um, are you really sure you want to go through with that, Dad?" asked Greg uncertainly. "You know, maybe we should just quit while we're ahead."

"From what I'm seeing, Chuck and Chip have done a great job this week of putting the girls in their place," observed Mr. Eddison. "And I think we ought to continue this work. Don't you think so, son?"

"I guess so," said Greg. "I'm just not sure if we should push our luck, though."

"Just go out to the truck and bring in the tools, Greg," said Mr. Eddison. "Trust me, I'll take care of everything."

"Okay, Dad," said Greg, heading out the door.

Now with a moment to himself, Mr. Eddison turned on the television and relaxed in his armchair as he began to idly flip through the channels.

A short time later, Patty and Trish came down the stairs again - still nude, as instructed - and headed toward the kitchen to make dinner.

Unlike his youngest sons, Mr. Eddison tried to be subtle as he cast an admiring gaze at the two beautiful naked girls, but Patty and Trish apparently still must have noticed, because they both blushed and lowered their heads as they went into the kitchen.

It certainly had been quite a week, reflected Mr. Eddison. And once again, he thought back to how it all started, that fateful afternoon as he arrived home ...

*****

"Ah, home at last," sighed Mr. Eddison as he closed the front door. "Finally, some blessed peace and quiet - "

"COME ON, WE HAD A DEAL!"

"WE ARE NOT DOING THIS, YOU LITTLE CREEP!"

Mr. Eddison let out a groan as he looked toward the backyard, where all of that shouting was coming from.

"Peace and quiet," he repeated, shaking his head as he made his way through the living room. "I have really got to stop saying that ... "

He opened the door to the patio, where his children were engaged in a heated screaming match.

... Not that that was unusual, but still ...

"Would you guys settle down?" said Greg. He was standing between Patty and Trish on one side, and Chuck and Chip on the other, holding out his arms to keep his younger siblings apart. "Look, we can work this out - "

Mr. Eddison wasn't certain that any of the younger ones heard him, though, because they were too busy shouting.

It was Chuck and Trish he had heard from the front door.

Now, Patty was yelling, "YOU'RE OUT OF YOUR MINDS IF YOU THINK WE'RE GOING TO LET YOU DO THIS!"

At the same moment, Chip was hollering, "HEY, A BET'S A BET!"

"ENOUGH!" said Mr. Eddison. "THE NEXT PERSON TO RAISE THEIR VOICE AFTER ME WILL BE SCRUBBING FLOORS AROUND HERE FOR A MONTH!"

That finally seemed to get everyone to simmer down, although Patty and Trish were still glaring furiously at Chuck and Chip, who were glaring right back at them.

"What in the world is going on out here?" asked Mr. Eddison.

"You're not going to believe this one, Dad." Greg sighed and shook his head.

"Son, I have five kids," said Mr. Eddison. "There is nothing that I wouldn't believe."

"We are not going to get naked for you!" said Trish angrily, glowering at her younger brothers.

Mr. Eddison blinked, and then said, "Of course, one should always be prepared to expand one's horizons."

He shook his head.

"What is going on out here?" he asked again, looking down at the small table in the center of the patio, which had some playing cards scattered across it.

"Well," said Greg nervously, scratching the back of his head, "Apparently, Patty, Trish, Chuck and Chip were playing a game."

"It was a hand of cards," said Chuck. "And we made a bet on it."

"What bet?" asked Mr. Eddison.

"If the girls won, then Chuck and Chip would have to obey every command that Patty and Trish gave them for a week," explained Greg. "But if the boys won - "

"Then Patty and Trish have to be OUR slaves for a week," finished Chip, fuming. "And we won the hand, but the girls won't do what we say!"

"Well, what does any of this have to do with being naked ... Wait." Mr. Eddison's eyes widened.

"Getting the picture now, Dad?" asked Greg.

"The boys want us to take off our clothes for them!" said Patty.

"They want to see us naked!" Trish was near tears.

"Really?" Mr. Eddison looked at his youngest sons incredulously. "Boys, you don't think that's a little ... "

"Dad, we made a deal," insisted Chuck.

"Yeah, the losers have to do anything the winners want for a week," added Chip. "We all agreed!"

"I've been trying to settle this, Dad," said Greg, "But I'm at a loss here."

Mr. Eddison picked up the cards from the table and gazed at them. He seemed to be quietly pondering.

"Patty, Trish," he said finally, looking up at his daughters. "When you made this bet with your brothers, did you actually say that the losers had to do 'anything' that the winners wanted? Were those your exact words?"

"Well ... " Patty exchanged a nervous look with her sister. "Um, yeah, it was, but - "

"And you girls did lose the game," continued their father. "You don't deny that."

"But, Daddy," pleaded Trish, "We shouldn't have to be naked for our brothers! It's sick! It's perverted - "

"Look, girls," said Mr. Eddison seriously. "I'm sorry, I really am, but when you make a bet, you have to be prepared to live up to the terms of it."

"Daddy!" Patty stared at her father in disbelief. "You can't mean for us to get naked in front of the boys!"

"Sweetheart, you made an agreement."

"We also agreed that we'd play fair," said Trish.

"That's right," said Patty. "We all promised that whoever won would treat the losers fairly."

"Really," said Mr. Eddison thoughtfully. "Well, that does change the picture a bit. What is and is not 'fair' is a matter of opinion, of course, but I would be hard pressed to say that making the girls get naked doesn't cross the line into - "

"Wait, Dad, hold up," said Chuck. "If you want to talk about what's fair, there's something you should know. Patty and Trish were planning to make US get naked for them if they won!"

"What?" asked Mr. Eddison in surprise.

"Yeah, the girls were talking about it before the game," said Chip. "If they won, they were going make us strip for them!"

"We would never do that!" said Patty heatedly. "We'd never have made the boys get naked for us! Right, Sis?"

Trish was silent.

"Right, Sis?" repeated Patty, her voice become very high-pitched.

"Trish?" asked Mr. Eddison sternly.

"We were planning to have Chuck and Chip be naked for the entire week," confessed Trish.

Patty groaned.

"I can't lie," said Trish apologetically.

"There, you see, Dad?" said Chuck. "If the girls were going to make us be naked for them, then it's only fair that we get to make them be naked for us!"

"Uh-huh!" said Chip.

"Well, you deserved to be naked!" said Patty angrily.

"Yeah!" agreed Trish heatedly.

"Dad, I think this has something to do with that day at the pool," said Greg.

"Daddy, you remember," said Trish urgently. "Chuck and Chip were peeping through the window while us girls were changing out of our bikinis. They saw me and Patty, and our friends Vicky and Becky, all naked!"

"Yes, I remember," said Mr. Eddison. "And I punished your brothers for doing that."

"You grounded them for a week!" said Trish in frustration. "That's nothing compared to what us girls went through when we found out they saw us naked!"

"We were humiliated!" Patty nodded emphatically.

"Daddy, we told you that Chuck and Chip should have to get naked in front of us girls, too," said Trish. "But you said no. Patty and I figured ... We thought we could teach the boys a lesson by making them go through what we did."

"Oh, dear," murmured their father.

"What do you think we should do, Dad?" asked Greg.

Mr. Eddison was silent for a long moment. He could feel five pairs of eyes fixed on him, waiting for his judgment. Finally, he cleared his throat.

"Well," said Mr. Eddison thoughtfully, "this is a bit ... complicated. First of all, regardless of all of the whats and whys, the fact is that the girls did make this bet with the boys, and they all agreed to the terms of it. Nobody disputes that. And the girls did lose the bet. Nobody disputes that, either.

As I understand the terms of the bet, Patty and Trish are now obligated to do everything that their brothers want for one week, provided that it is 'fair.' Now, under normal circumstances, it would not be fair at all, I think, to expect the girls to be naked in front of their brothers ... "

He paused.

"However," he went on, "in light of the fact that Patty and Trish were planning to make Chuck and Chip be naked for them for the entire week ..."

"No, Daddy, please - " Trish was aghast.

"Daddy, you can't - " protested Patty.

"Enough. As I said, girls, when you make a bet, you have to live up to the terms of it. And considering the circumstances, I would say that what your brothers are asking of you doesn't break the promise of fairness."

"All right," breathed Chuck, his eyes wide, as Chip grinned.

"But, Daddy, it isn't the same thing!" protested Patty. "The reason we were going to strip Chuck and Chip was so that they could feel what they made us feel that day at the pool! The boys just want to get a sick thrill out of seeing two girls naked!"

"That's right," said Trish. "And besides, it's ... It's different for a girl to have to be naked in front of a boy than the other way around. It just is."

"Oh, so now we're treating sexism as arguments?" asked Mr. Eddison, his eyebrow raised. He shook his head. "Girls, your desire to see Chuck and Chip justly punished for what they did to you and your friends is certainly understandable, but the fact is, it is MY place, as your father, to decide how any of you children will be disciplined. And I did do that with the boys. You girls are, of course, free to dislike or disagree with the punishment that I imposed on Chuck and Chip, but the fact that you felt it was too light does not give you the right to impose your own punishment on them instead. That decision was not yours to make."

He looked levelly at the girls.

"In fact," he said quietly, "since the boys had already been punished, according to my judgment, for their actions that day, I would go so far as to say that it is YOU girls who have committed an offense here, by trying to force your brothers to be naked for you. That would make it even more certain that your having to be nude in front of Chuck and Chip does not cross the line of being unfair."

"Daddy - "

"Patty, Trish," said Greg softly, "I think Dad's made up his mind. You girls have to do it."

"But - "

"Girls." Mr. Eddison folded his arms and fixed a firm gaze on his daughters. "Get naked. Now."

"Daddy, please, I don't want to be naked in front of the boys!" begged Patty.

"Not again!" moaned Trish.

"Patty, Trish, you have to honor your word," said their father. "If the boys had lost the bet, I would have insisted that they honor their word, too."

For a moment, Patty and Trish simply stared at their father and brothers, both girls' mouths opening and closing soundlessly.

"No!" Patty finally burst out. "No, I won't do it!"

"Me, neither," said Trish. "I am not getting naked for the boys!"

Mr. Eddison gazed impassively at the girls. Chuck and Chip were both holding their breath as they watched their father, waiting for his decision. After a long moment, Mr. Eddison whispered something to Greg, who nodded.

"All right, girls, I am giving you one last chance," said Mr. Eddison sternly. "If you don't honor your agreement, I will have to punish you."

"Fine, Daddy, go ahead and ground us," said Trish stubbornly.

"Yeah, it's better than getting naked," said Patty.

"That's really your choice?" asked their father.

"Yes, it is," said Patty, as Trish nodded.

"Very well," said Mr. Eddison with a helpless shrug of his shoulders.

Patty and Trish exchanged looks of relief, while Chuck groaned.

"Shoulda known it was too good to be true," muttered Chip.

"What can you do?" said Greg with a shrug mirroring his father's, as he got up from the table.

"HEY!" exclaimed Patty suddenly, as Greg grabbed her from behind, pulling her hands together and holding them firmly behind her back.

"DADDY!" cried Trish, as Mr. Eddison similarly pinned her arms behind her.

"Greg, let go of me!" Patty struggled futilely in her older brother's iron grip.

"Daddy, what are you doing?" Trish's struggles were meeting with no more success, as her father's grasp of her arms hardly budged.

"I was really hoping we wouldn't have to do it this way," said Mr. Eddison regretfully. "I hoped that you girls would find it within yourselves to do the right thing. But, unfortunately, you've left me no choice."

Mr. Eddison and Greg pulled the struggling girls to the center of the patio and held them firmly, in front of their younger brothers.

"Chuck, Chip," said Mr. Eddison, nodding to his youngest sons, "Undress your sisters."

"What?!" exclaimed Patty.

"Daddy, you - you can't let the boys take off our clothes!" cried Trish.

"I didn't want to, girls, but since you wouldn't undress on your own, we'll have to do this the hard way."

"Chuck, Chip, come on, we don't have all day," said Greg.

The two younger boys had been gaping at the scene in shock, but Greg's prodding seemed to snap them both into action. Exchanging looks of simultaneous disbelief and joy, Chuck and Chip eagerly approached their helpless sisters, both boys' eyes gleaming.

"This is gonna be fun," said Chip, sliding his eyes up and down Trish's squirming body. The idea of watching his pretty sister stripping off for him had been exciting enough. Never had Chip imagined that he would get to undress her himself.

"No!" cried Trish, continuing to struggle futilely as Chip slowly unzipped her sweater. "NO!"

"Are you wearing a bra?" asked Chuck, gazing at Patty's heaving chest.

"Th-That's none of your business!" said Patty furiously.

"Not for too much longer," remarked Greg.

"Patty, be a good girl and answer your brother's question," said Mr. Eddison.

" ... Yes, I'm wearing a bra," said Patty in a tiny voice. "I always wear one. I - I need it."

"Well, too bad," said Chuck, looking into Patty's anguished eyes. "For the next week, you'll have to do without one - and without everything else, too."

"No! NO! NOOOO!" Patty's voice became feverishly high-pitched as Chuck started to unbutton her blouse. Every button that came free under his fingers felt like a knife being stabbed into Patty's heart.

Trish opened her mouth to scream, but only managed a muffled yelp as her father clamped his hand tightly over her lips.

"I had a feeling you were going to do that, sweetheart," said Mr. Eddison. He glanced over at Greg, who, as he expected, had his own hand pressed tightly over Patty's mouth.

"Dad, I don't think we should do this out here," said Greg, looking around the yard. "One of our neighbors might get nosy again."

"Let's get the girls inside," said Mr. Eddison.

Patty and Trish continued their useless struggles and muffled moans as their father and older brother half-carried and half-dragged them to the patio doors.

In the living room, both girls whimpered as Chuck pulled open Patty's blouse and Chip tugged off Trish's sweater.

"Wow," breathed Chuck, sliding his eyes up the girls' tight stomachs to the pink and white bras encasing their large, firm breasts. "Those bras are really pretty ... but I bet what's underneath is even prettier."

Chip laughed - as usual, much harder than even Chuck thought the remark really warranted - while Patty and Trish moaned in anguish.

"If you girls promise not to scream, we'll take our hands off your mouths," said Mr. Eddison. Greg nodded. "Do you promise?"

"Mmm-hmmm," Patty managed to mumble. Trish inclined her head slightly, which Mr. Eddison took as a yes.

"Daddy, please," moaned Patty once she was able to speak again. "Please, this is so wrong ... "

"Patty, Trish, this hurts me much more than it hurts you," said Mr. Eddison. "But I will not raise children who think it's okay to break their word, nor will I tolerate any of you disrespecting my authority in this family."

"You girls lost the bet, and now you gotta pay up," said Chuck.

Patty and Trish listened inconsolably as their brother went on, "You two are gonna be our naked toys for a whole week."

"Best toys ever," said Chip with a grin.

"Now, Trish," said Mr. Eddison, "be a good girl and ask Chip nicely to take your pants down."

"Wh-What?" Even after everything that had already happened, Trish was still shocked.

"Do it," said her father sternly. "And no more arguments."

Trish lowered her head, blinking back tears.

"Chip," she said, in a tiny, broken voice, "Would ... W-Would you please take down my pants?"

"Well, since you asked so nicely," said Chip, still grinning. He unbuttoned her slacks and slowly slid them down her legs.

"Nice," remarked Chuck, casting an admiring gaze at Trish's long, shapely legs and her tight pink panties.

"Now, Patty, it's your turn," prompted Mr. Eddison.

"Chuck, please take off my skirt," said Patty reluctantly as she gazed at the floor.

"Well, if you really want me to." Chuck smiled at how Patty gasped as he yanked her skirt roughly down her legs.

The two younger boys were now openly gawking at their beautiful sisters, both now down to just their underwear.

Patty forced herself to look up, and almost instantly regretted doing so. Her stomach twisted in knots as she realized that, although he was trying to hide it, her father was ogling the two barely-clad girls as much as Chuck and Chip. She could tell without looking that Greg was doing the same.

Trish tried to tell herself that the bras and panties that she and Patty were wearing were no more revealing than the bikinis they often wore to the pool and beach in the summer, but she couldn't help feeling naked in front of her father and brothers. Worse, she knew, was what was coming ...

"Keep going, girls," said Mr. Eddison, fixing a glare on both of his daughters to silence their nearly reflexive protests.

"Chip, please take off my bra," whispered Trish, her eyes welling up.

"And?" said Chip coolly.

Trish swallowed hard.

"And ... And please take down my panties." Trish let out a sob.

Chip reached behind Trish to unclasp her bra, revelling in her tears as he slid the straps off her shoulders, finally baring her breasts to his sight. When the boy slid his fingers into the waistband of her panties, Trish gave up any effort to hold back and openly wept as her panties were cruelly pulled away from the private places they had been protecting.

"Very good," said Mr. Eddison approvingly. "Patty, ask Chuck to make you naked, too."

"Chuck," said Patty softly, "Please take off my bra and panties, too. I should be naked for you. Please make me naked, too."

Like her sister, Patty quickly abandoned any attempt to fight back her tears, sobbing as the full glory of her naked body was exposed to the sight of her father and brothers.

Mr. Eddison let the girls cry it out for a while, and then cleared his throat.

"Patty, Trish," he said gently, "If you girls promise to cooperate from now on, Greg and I will let you go."

"Okay," said Patty softly.

"Yes, Daddy." Trish did not look up from the floor.

"All right," said Mr. Eddison, as he and Greg let go of the girls' arms.

Patty and Trish made no attempt to resist as the remnants of their attire were tugged off their bodies. Just as their father had anticipated, the girls were far less combative now that all of their clothing, and much of their dignity, had been stripped from them.

"You know," said Mr. Eddison, sliding his eyes up and down Patty and Trish's naked bodies, "you girls really have developed marvelously."

His eyes fixed on the girls' chests as he added, "Especially up top."

"DADDY!" Patty and Trish instinctively clamped their arms over their breasts, mortified that their own father was checking out their bodies.

As Mr. Eddison chuckled, Greg got a mischievous idea.

He quietly walked behind the girls and then, with an admiring gaze, he called out, "Hey, if you think that's something, Dad, you oughtta check out the view from back here."

"HEY!" exclaimed Patty and Trish, whirling around to face Greg. A second later, both girls turned crimson when they heard their father say, "Wow, I see what you mean, son!"

As Greg had expected, the girls had instinctively turned around, to hide what Greg had obviously been ogling from his sight ... and in the process, they had inadvertently given their father an eyeful of the view in question, not to mention giving Greg a nice look from the front.

Patty and Trish felt their stomachs twisting as they realized that no matter what they did, they could not avoid giving their father and brothers some visual pleasure.

"Stop staring at us!" said Trish tearfully, trying to cover herself up with her arms.

"Daddy, this is so humiliating!" said Patty as she, too, tried to hide herself from the leering eyes of her father and brothers.

Chuck had been getting a kick out of seeing his sisters' futile attempts to cover up their privates, but now he decided it was time to lay down the law.

"Enough," said Chuck, walking up to Patty and Trish. "Girls, stop covering up. Stand up straight, arms by your sides."

"Girls, remember the bet you made," said Greg, before his sisters could protest. "You have to do everything that Chuck and Chip say for the entire week."

"That's right," confirmed Mr. Eddison. "Patty, Trish, obey your brother."

Patty and Trish exchanged looks of despair, and then reluctantly lowered their arms to their sides. Their faces turned ten different shades of red as Chuck, Chip, Greg, and even their father walked around them, taking in the now full, unobstructed sight of their beautiful nudity.

"Please stop ogling us," Patty finally whimpered. "It's so embarrassing."

"Chuck, Chip, we're sorry for what we tried to do to you," said Trish desperately. "Please don't make us spend the week like this."

"A bet's a bet," said Chip resolutely.

"Besides, you girls look awesome naked," said Chuck, fairly salivating as he continued walking around the girls.

"Yeah," agreed Chip. His eyes seemed to be everywhere at once as he added, "At the pool, we only got to see you from a distance, outside the window. It looks ten times better close up."

"Patty. Trish. Girls." Mr. Eddison spoke very softly. "You two are so beautiful. You look so much like your mother."

He paused and tilted his head, gazing wistfully at the ceiling.

"I think this will be a good week," he said after a moment.

Patty and Trish were silent for a while.

"Daddy, what's going to happen when people find out about this?" asked Patty finally.

"Who's going to find out?" asked Mr. Eddison.

"Chuck and Chip are going to tell all of their stupid friends about us being naked for them!" said Trish. "You know they will!"

"We'll be humiliated!" said Patty. "I mean, even more!"

"Girls," said Greg, "Even if Chuck and Chip do tell, who's going to believe them?"

"If you'll remember," said Mr. Eddison thoughtfully, "After that day at the pool, Chuck and Chip told their friends about seeing you two and your friends, Vicky and Becky, naked, didn't they? And Chuck, what happened when you did?"

"Nobody believed us," said Chuck sourly. "They thought we were just making it up."

"Yeah," muttered Chip.

"Precisely," said Mr. Eddison.

"Chuck and Chip have told their friends all kinds of tall tales in the past, especially about girls," said Greg. "So when they told their friends about that day at the pool, the other kids just assumed it was another of their fantasies. It will be the same with this."

"Well, I guess," said Patty quietly, "It's just that - HEY!"

Patty whirled around, clamping her hands over her bottom as she stared, open-mouthed at Chuck.

"What's the matter?" asked Mr. Eddison.

"Chuck grabbed my butt!" exclaimed Patty.

Before anyone could say anything, Trish let out a scream.

"Now what?" asked Greg, staring at Trish, who was similarly covering her rear with her hands.

"Chip pinched me!" said Trish.

"It was fun," said Chip with a smirk.

"Yeah," agreed Chuck.

"Daddy!" cried Patty and Trish simultaneously.

Mr. Eddison seemed frozen for an instant, and then folded his arms.

"Girls, the bet," he reminded them. "You have to do everything the boys want for this entire week. If Chuck and Chip want to touch you, you have to let them."

"But - "

"Daddy - "

"Well, anyway, we have a few things to take care of," said Mr. Eddison. He motioned to Greg, who nodded before taking some black cords out of a box on the table.

"What are you doing?" cried Trish as Greg pulled her hands together behind her back.

"Daddy?" said Patty in confusion as Mr. Eddison firmly pinned her hands behind her back and began wrapping a cord around them. "What - What are you doing?"

"Why - Why are you tying us up?" said Trish in shock.

"This is to keep you girls still while Greg and I work a few things out," said Mr. Eddison.

Once the girls' hands were bound, Mr. Eddison and Greg handed the remaining cords to Chuck and Chip.

"Take the girls to the couch and tie up their feet," instructed Mr. Eddison. "Greg, come with me."

Mr. Eddison and Greg headed for the stairs as Chuck and Chip took their sisters by the arm and led them to the sofa. Neither of the older men paid any heed to Patty and Trish's vocal complaints about their brothers' hands on the girls' butts.

"We're going to have to enforce Chuck and Chip's rules for the girls," Mr. Eddison was saying. "We'll have to remove all of Patty and Trish's clothing from their rooms."

Over the next little while, Greg and his father went through Patty and Trish's bedrooms and closets, bundling up every scrap of the girls' clothing, including underwear, bathing suits, nightgowns ... By the time they were done, there wasn't so much as a sock left in the girls' rooms.

The two men locked all of the girls' clothes in a large box, which they stored in the back of Greg's closet.

"For the rest of this week, Patty and Trish won't be allowed to wear anything except what Chuck and Chip allow them to," said Mr. Eddison.

"Got it, Dad." Greg paused, and then asked, "Um, you looking forward to the week, Dad?"

Mr. Eddison smiled.

"Just between you and me, son," he said, "I don't exactly mind the idea of having two pretty teenage girls in the house, butt naked, waiting on us hand and foot."

"Me, neither," said Greg with a smirk.

After a moment, Mr. Eddison's face grew more serious.

"Son, let me ask you something," he said, facing Greg squarely. "Did you know that Chuck and Chip were using MARKED CARDS in their little game with Patty and Trish?"

Greg's face instantly turned ashen.

"Y-You know about that?" he asked nervously.

"And clearly, so did you," said his father.

"I'm sorry, Dad." Greg lowered his head in shame. "I know it was wrong, but I didn't want to rat Chuck and Chip out, and ... and ..."

"And you liked the idea of the girls being naked for a week," said Mr. Eddison knowingly.

"Yes," confessed Greg.

"Well," said Mr. Eddison, "I certainly can't condone cheating, son, but I do understand where you're coming from."

"How did you know the cards were marked, Dad?" asked Greg. "And why didn't you tell Patty and Trish?"

"I knew the cards were marked because they're MINE," said Mr. Eddison, much to his son's surprise. "Chuck and Chip must have gotten them out of my closet. They're the cards I had when I was your age, and I played strip poker with girls, including your mother."

"Oh." Greg didn't know what else to say.

"That's how I understand where you and the boys were coming from," said Mr. Eddison, his lips curling into a sly smile. "I was young once, too, you know."

"That's why you didn't tell Patty and Trish?" asked Greg.

"Well, like I said, I can't condone cheating, but ..."

Mr. Eddison smiled as he clapped his son on the back.

"Us guys gotta stick together, right, son?" he asked.

"You got it, Dad," said Greg happily.

"Don't get me wrong," said Mr. Eddison. "Patty and Trish are my baby girls, and I love them, dearer than life itself ... But, still ... You, me, Chuck, and Chip ... Us guys gotta stick together."

He paused, and then added, "And besides, Patty and Trish are awfully cute, and like I said, I wouldn't mind having the girls naked and at our beck and call all week long."

When Mr. Eddison and Greg returned to the living room, they were greeted by a chorus of high-pitched, outraged, but muffled wails.

Patty and Trish were sitting on the couch, now bound hand and foot, both girls gagged with thick towels.

Chuck and Chip had their phones in hand, and were eagerly snapping pictures of the two bound, gagged, and naked girls, as Patty and Trish struggled against their bonds and screamed through their gags.

"Greg?" Mr. Eddison looked at his son questioningly.

"Well, there was nothing in the bet about not taking pictures," said Greg after a moment's thought.

"Very well," said Mr. Eddison with a nod, to the boys' relief and the girls' dismay.

"What's with the gags?" wondered Greg.

"We didn't think Patty and Trish would keep quiet while we took pictures of them," said Chuck.

"Besides, the girls look so much cuter with gags in their mouths," said Chip eagerly, making the three older men all roll their eyes.

"Well," said Mr. Eddison, "it looks like we're going to have quite a week around here ..."

*****

"Daddy?"

Mr. Eddison gave a start. He felt a little unhappy that his reverie had been interrupted, but then, the sight that greeted him was far from an unpleasant one.

"Dinner's cooking, Daddy," said Trish.

Her father watched with amusement as Trish self-consciously wrapped her arm around her bare - and very pretty - chest. The girl tried - as usual, with little success - not to notice her father's gaze down the rest of her bare - and also very pretty - body.

"And we have some drinks for you and the boys for the game," said Patty.

Mr. Eddison smiled, sliding his eyes admiringly over Patty's naked body as the beautiful, blushing girl bent down to place the tray of drinks on the coffee table.

"Good work, girls," said Mr. Eddison approvingly.

"Th-Thank you, Daddy," said Trish.

"Um, Daddy," said Patty timidly. "Chuck and Chip are in the kitchen, and ... "

"And what?" asked her father.

"Could you please ask the boys not to hang around us while we're trying to cook dinner?" asked Trish.

"It's kind of hard to get our work done with Chuck and Chip ... touching us ... all the time," said Patty.

"Oh, you girls," said Mr. Eddison, getting to his feet. "You really shouldn't take yourselves so seriously."

"But, Daddy - "

"Girls, girls," said Mr. Eddison. He wrapped one arm around each of his daughter's shoulders and pulled both girls to his sides. "Boys will be boys, and anyway, as I keep saying, you two girls did agree to this bet, and you have to honor your word."

Although their father was speaking in a kind of tone of voice, Patty and Trish found it difficult to feel comforted while they were naked in their father's arms. The girls tensed up even more when they felt their father's hands sliding down, and clearly enjoying the feel of, the smooth, bare skin of their backs.

"And besides," continued Mr. Eddison, "as I keep saying, girls, you should really try to take that sort of thing as a compliment ... "

"DADDY!" cried Patty and Trish in perfect unison.

"Just like that, you see?" said their father.

Mr. Eddison gave his daughters a smile and walked away, a chuckle on his lips and a glow in his heart, while Patty and Trish stared, wide-eyed and open-mouthed, after him, unable to believe what their father had just done to the girls' bottoms ...

As he headed up the stairs, Mr. Eddison heard Trish sob and Patty tell her, encouragingly, "It's just a few more hours, Sis, and then it'll all be over."

Mr. Eddison chuckled again.

"That's what you girls think," he said softly, smiling as he saw the tools that Greg had brought in from outside …

