Stuckhampton College: School Rules
by Arthur Saxon
meganeura@hotmail.com


STUCKHAMPTON COLLEGE SCHOOL RULES: 2016/2017

The Board, in collaboration with the Student Committee, has agreed to the following updates.

Section 14: Dress Code

Students must remain naked at all times while indoors. During the autumn and spring terms only, shoes and a light coat may be worn while outside, as long as the temperature is below 15 degrees Celsius. If the temperature is at or below 0 degrees, a heavy coat may be worn instead.

Light coat: must be standard issue, in the school colours. Must be short enough to expose the top of the buttock cleavage.

Heavy coat: must be standard issue, in the school colours. Must be short enough to expose the top of the labial cleavage.

Section 15: Classroom Attention & Remedial Tuition

Students must try to pay attention while in class. However, since certain forms of distracting behaviour are inevitable and permitted, each lesson will end with a 5-question quiz to identify which students require additional tuition. Any student who answers any question incorrectly must sign up for a private remedial tuition session in the teacher's study. Payment for this extra tuition will be in the form of a sexual forfeit, chosen by the teacher from the following list:

-Masturbation by the student in front of the teacher.
-The use of a sex toy on the student, either by the teacher or by the student herself.
-Oral sex, performed on the teacher by the student.
-Vaginal sex.
-Anal sex.

Please note that teachers are no longer required to use condoms. Contraceptive measures are therefore the sole responsibility of the student.

Section 16: Classroom Sexual Activity

Lesbian students may, if they wish, have sex with each other in the classroom. All students may masturbate if they so desire. The use of sex toys is permitted, as long as they are not too noisy. Students may also engage in sexual activity with the teacher, at the teacher's discretion.

Section 17: Classroom Punishments

Teachers may apply any of the following disciplinary measures to any student, for any reason or no reason, in front of her classmates:

-spanking of the buttocks, up to a maximum of fifty spanks with a hand, or twenty with a ruler.
-spanking of the breasts, up to a maximum of twenty spanks with a hand, or ten with a ruler.
-spanking of the vulva, up to a maximum of fifteen spanks with a hand, or seven with a ruler.
-penetration of the vagina with a sex toy, fingers, or the teacher's penis, using hot sauce as a lubricant.
-penetration of the anus with a sex toy, fingers, or the teacher's penis, using hot sauce as a lubricant.
-application of a series of five mild electric shocks to each nipple.
-application of a series of five mild electric shocks to the clitoris.
-rubbing of a stinging nettle on the breasts or vulva.
-squirting of up to 10 ml of hot sauce directly into the vagina.

Many thanks to Dr Somers for the electroshock machines, with which every classroom is now equipped. A "mild electric shock" is defined for this year as 50 volts for the clitoris, or 100 volts for the nipples.

At the request of the Student Committee, the strength of the hot sauce has once again been increased slightly. Many thanks to Tammy Evans, Anita Laughton, and Miss Gaunt for the extensive testing they underwent at the end of the summer term.

Please note that students may be punished only once per lesson. After the hour-long torture of Abigail Preston last year, this limitation was deemed necessary by the Student Committee. However, if a teacher wishes, he or she may alert the teachers of a misbehaving student's subsequent lessons, so that a student may be punished multiple times by different teachers for a single offence.

Section 18: Male Visitors and Pregnancy

The first Saturday of each month is Visiting Day. Sixth form girls may each invite one boy from another school to come and spend the afternoon with them. Since sex is inevitable on these visits anyway, they will no longer be supervised.

Also, condoms will no longer be provided. Students and their partners will be responsible for contraception. The Board concedes that pregnancies, too, are inevitable. Last year forty-three per cent of sixth form girls became pregnant at some point during the academic year, so please be careful!

While we encourage students to leave their new babies at home for their parents to look after, we understand that this may not be an option for some girls, particularly if they choose to breastfeed. The crèche has therefore been expanded, with additional staff, to accommodate the coming year's expected crop of infants.

Section 19: Female Staff

Female staff are now required to follow the same dress code rules as students. If they have to leave the school for any reason, they may put on clothing only once they are outside the school grounds.

There will no longer be any disciplinary measures for male staff groping or otherwise sexually harassing female staff in front of students. This includes the headmistress.

Male staff may also, at their discretion, discipline female staff anywhere in the school from now on (previously such discipline was restricted to the staff common room). Female staff must submit to this discipline without complaint, and position themselves however the male staff member sees fit. Note that the janitor, catering staff, and any visiting male contractors are considered staff members for this purpose. Punishments are the same as for female students, with the following exceptions:

-An electric shock of 100 volts may be used on the clitoris, or 150 volts on the nipples.
-The male staff member may enlist the aid of one or more students to apply the hot sauce.
-Up to 30 ml of hot sauce may be squirted into the vagina.

Female staff, unlike students, may not be disciplined for no reason, nor for any reason classified as "trivial" under the 2010/2011 rules. Infractions warranting discipline may include the following:

-insulting a male teacher.
-being disrespectful to a male teacher.
-embarrassing a male teacher.
-contradicting a male teacher.
-resisting a grope.
-swearing.
-failing to maintain control in the classroom.
-violating the dress code.

If hot sauce or an electroshock machine is required for the punishment and the offence is committed in a location where those things are not available, the discipline may be carried out in the nearest available classroom or in the staff common room.

Groping of female staff by male staff (or indeed by other female staff) is encouraged - but there are limits. Gropes may last no longer than two minutes, and the groper may not grope the same woman again for at least two hours afterward. Vaginal and anal penetration are allowed, but only one finger may be used in each orifice.

Section 20: Girlfriends and Mistresses

A sixth form student may, with a teacher's permission, choose to become that teacher's girlfriend. This relationship can be terminated at any time by either party, though it may not exceed four weeks in duration. Only unmarried teachers may take a sixth form girlfriend. During the relationship, the student will sleep with the teacher instead of in her own bed, and will wear a bracelet bearing the teacher's name.

The girlfriend of a teacher must never refuse sex - doing so will result in immediate punishment and termination of the relationship. Being a teacher's girlfriend comes with the following perks:

-No teacher other than the student's boyfriend may put his penis inside her during classroom punishments.
-The teacher may, if he or she wishes, request that punishments involving hot sauce OR electric shocks OR stinging nettles be withheld from his or her girlfriend, for the duration of the relationship. This request must be respected by the other teachers.
-The teacher will take his or her girlfriend into town for a restaurant meal each Saturday evening during the relationship. For this excursion, the student may wear shoes, panties, a skirt (short enough to expose part of the panties at the front), and a sheer top without a bra. After the meal, the teacher may (if both parties are willing) take the girl to the cinema, the shopping centre, or a pub. Needless to say, if the girl is under eighteen she may not drink alcohol.

Married teachers may not take a girlfriend. They may, however, with their spouse's consent, take a mistress. Again, this relationship must be mutually consensual, and may end at any time if one party so desires. It must terminate, however, after just two weeks.

The mistress will wear a collar instead of a bracelet. During her time as a teacher's mistress, only that teacher (or, if the teacher is female and wishes it, her husband) may penetrate her with his penis. The mistress cannot, however, be excused from any other forms of punishment.

She will sleep in the teacher's flat (sleeping and sexual arrangements will be determined by the teacher and his or her spouse). On Saturday nights, the teacher may choose to take the student out, or not, alone or with his or her spouse. Clothing will be the same as for girlfriends, except that a skirt may not be worn.

Section 21: Sex for Grades

Since a student's grade in any given subject is partly determined by the teacher's subjective assessment, the Board conceded two years ago that it was inevitable that some teachers would grade more favourably those girls who were willing to offer sexual payment.

This year, at the suggestion of the Student Committee, this process is being formalised. Coursework and exams will now account for only 80 per cent of a student's grade in each subject taught by a male teacher. The remaining twenty per cent will be earned through sexual favours, with the following points system (points for each item on the list may be earned only once):

HANDJOBS & BLOWJOBS (4 PTS MAX.)
Private or public handjob = 1 point
Private blowjob = 2 points
Public blowjob = 3 points
Private sixty-nine = 3 points
Public sixty-nine = 4 points

VAGINAL SEX (5 PTS MAX.)
Private vaginal sex = 4 points
Public vaginal sex = 5 points

ANAL SEX (5 PTS MAX.)
Private anal sex = 4 points
Public anal sex = 5 points

EXTREME FETISH & FANTASY FULFILMENT (6 PTS MAX.)
Breakdown to be determined by the teacher. As an example, Mr Craven is into "vaginal & anal stuffing", so his points system looks like this:
Four fingers in vagina = 1 point
Four fingers in anus = 2 points
Fist in vagina = 3 points
Fist in anus = 4 points
Using hot sauce as lubricant = add 2 extra points

Section 22: Help the Homeless

The Student Committee feels that, since this annual charity initiative has evolved in recent years from feeding and clothing the city's homeless population to entertaining said population with sexual favours, the monetary aspect of the charity drive should be scrapped.

Instead, all sixth form girls will be required to go into the city in pairs, and film each other having sex with homeless men. No condoms will be allowed. Whichever duo notches up the most "couplings" will win a prize of an automatic A in the subject of their choice. Each homeless man must climax in order for the coupling to count; to ensure this has happened, the man's semen must be filmed leaking out of the girl's vagina.

The Student Committee also requested that we increase the frequency of this charity event. Instead of being held annually, therefore, it will from now on be held on the third Sunday of every month.

Section 23: Visitors

The number of visiting prospective parents has skyrocketed in recent years (though admissions have not, unfortunately). In the summer term we were swamped with up to sixty visitors per day, almost all of which were men. We anticipate a similar volume in the coming year. With the amount of naked female flesh on display, the male visitors inevitably get extremely aroused while being shown around. We are therefore looking for volunteers to help these men "relieve the itch".

From the pool of volunteers, as many girls as needed will be selected each morning. Each girl will be excused from lessons for that day, and will proceed to an available bedsit, where she will remain throughout the day. Each visiting man will be directed to one of the occupied bedsits, where the girl will offer him sex.

Turnaround should be between fifteen minutes and half an hour. Depending on the volume of visitors, each girl can expect to have sex with between five and fifteen men during the course of the day. Volunteers must not ask any man to put on a condom (if he wishes to do so, that is up to him). Volunteers must be willing to perform oral, vaginal, and/or anal sex as requested by the visitor.

Volunteers must catch up with their missed schoolwork on their own time, but as a reward for their sex work, they will earn a £20 voucher for the tuck shop.

Section 24: Sports

Hockey will no longer be played at Stuckhampton, owing to the unsuitability of the game for naked players. In its place, mud-wrestling will now be taught and played as a team sport. Dornleigh College has agreed to a fixture in October - their boys' team will play against our girls' team here at Stuckhampton. Though not normally accustomed to nudity, we are assured that the Dornleigh boys will wrestle naked with our girls. They will of course have a height and weight advantage, but we hope that our girls' more extensive mud-wrestling experience will serve them well.

The squash courts have been repaired following the flood damage...

*****--

Dear Martha,

Some quick updates for you. First, we are getting quite overwhelmed with visitors. Only three weeks into the autumn term, and the number of men visiting per day has climbed from an average of 65 in the first week, to 93 last week. On Friday we had 108! Our team of volunteers is coping very well, but I worry about some of them burning out. Georgia Finch alone serviced 32 men that day! She was very cheerful about it though. She said she's on the pill, and loves being fucked, so she's happy to take on as many customers as she has time for.

Lucy Warburton was also a trooper. She's not on the pill, but she said she'll happily spread her legs for as many men as we send her way, right up until the day she gives birth.

But we need more volunteers. Right now we only have a pool of eleven, and on our busiest days we need to have at least five of them on duty. On Friday we had six; then Courtney Turnbull threw in the towel at 2pm and I had to pull Denise Basset out of class to replace her. I really don't want to have these girls working two days in a row. Fortunately Denise didn't make a fuss, but she must still have been pretty sore from the day before. Several girls worked three days last week and there's no way they'll be able to catch up with their schoolwork.

I also think we should start charging the visitors. Several of them wanted to make a donation to the school anyway - which I was happy to accept. Requiring a donation - say, 50 quid? - should reduce the numbers to a more manageable level, and also allow us to make a little profit. I'm not convinced all of them are genuine prospective parents, after all - hopefully this will weed out the opportunists.

What do you think?

Pauline

*****

Dear Pauline,

Excellent idea - but £50 sounds a little steep. I don't want to discourage visitors. I think £20 will be ample - even if visitor numbers drop to 50 per day, that's still five grand per week that we'll be making (minus £500 for tuck shop vouchers).

Regarding the volunteers, perhaps you could get the teacher's to ramp up classroom punishments - make the servicing of visitors seem a more attractive option.

Speaking of punishments ... how are you coping with yours?

Martha

*****

Dear Martha,

Ugh! I'm suffering, if you must know! I get groped constantly - as you know, every member of staff can grope me for two minutes, every two hours ... and it seems they ALL want to grope me! It's very tiring ... and sometimes I snap. I can't help it!

On Friday I snapped at Kev, the janitor. He immediately jumped at the chance to punish me, and I was obliged to lie down and let him fuck me with his dick covered in hot sauce (not for the first time!) I'm sure it hurt him, too, but for me it was bloody murder! What was worse, a bunch of the girls gathered around us and chanted, "Burn that cunt! Burn that cunt!" It was so humiliating, as well as painful! It's hard enough to command respect while naked, but to be seen submitting to sexual torture by a janitor ... ugh!

Now I know what you're thinking: can you afford to have a headmistress who can't command respect? Wouldn't a man be more respected?

The answer is, of course, yes. Discipline would be much easier to maintain under male leadership, since all female staff - including myself - can now be subjected to the same demeaning sexual treatment as the students.

I was thinking about this while Kev was on top of me, and inside me, thrusting away while my vagina and pussy were on fire with pain and the girls all laughed and jeered at me. And I thought to myself, what the fuck am I doing? What kind of job am I doing here?

Afterwards, a couple of the girls - Kaz Nesbitt and Dena Taylor - helped me to the nearest bathroom to clean up. Such sweet girls! In talking to them I realised something: I may have lost a lot of respect, but I still have a lot of support. Seeing me naked and humiliated has humanised me, in the students' eyes.

I asked them if they wouldn't rather have a male headmaster, and they looked rather shocked! Dena said, "But then who would be on OUR side?"

That floored me, I must admit. For so long I've thought of the students - and the Student Committee in particular - as adversaries ... it never occurred to me until now that because the dynamics have changed, the students don't see me that way at all, nowadays. It's almost like they see me as one of them!

When they crowded around me and chanted at me, it wasn't out of hatred - they do that to each other! They were just completing the ritual. And that's why Kaz and Dena, who chanted along with the rest of them, were happy to soothe me and take care of me afterwards. Honestly, Martha, I've never felt closer to my girls.

I hope that counts for something. I really do want to keep my job!

Pauline

*****

Had an epiphany did you, Pauline? Well good for you. But you needn't worry about your job - you're much too excellent an administrator for us to let you go! So what if the girls don't respect you enough - they're terrified of the male teachers! As I see it, if they think you're on their side, that could work out well for everyone.

And, frankly, though you may not have noticed, you've been "on their side" for a while. Remember two years ago when the SC complained that Jeremy Striker was using stronger hot sauce than the rules permitted? And you went to his classroom yourself, took his hot sauce away and tested it, and found they were right? I heard all about the bollocking you gave him in the common room! You were only wearing a pair of panties at the time, but by all accounts you were wonderfully impressive!

And you certainly put the fear of God into Jeremy! I think he'd taken it for granted that you would support him. I hear he eased up a lot on the students after that ... and they have you to thank for it.

Martha

*****

Thank you Martha. Yes, I suppose I've become more sympathetic to the students over the years. For the record, though, Jeremy may have eased up on the girls for a while, but he's certainly back to his old tricks again. He's too clever to use non-regulation hot sauce any more, but he makes up for it in other ways. He's brutal with that ruler of his - especially on the girls' pussies.

I speak from personal experience. He hasn't forgiven me for the dressing-down I gave him two years ago, and now that he's allowed to inflict punishments on me, he does so as often as he can. Last Wednesday, for example, he summoned me - SUMMONED me - to his classroom. When I arrived, thinking it was about something important, he said he said one of his dry-erase markers was running dry, and could I fetch another one for him?

Well of course I was very annoyed, and snapped at him. Big mistake! He grinned, and told me to lie down on his desk with my legs spread wide. Realising I'd been caught in his trap, I had no choice but to comply. Well, he spanked my pussy so hard with that ruler I almost screamed!

After three such spanks, he rubbed hot sauce all over my pussy. Of course it stung like buggery! And of course he shoved his fingers inside me, forcing more and more of them in until his whole hand slipped inside. And he fist-fucked me, right in front of his class! After a couple of minutes of that, he pulled it out, then whacked my pussy twice more with the ruler. Then he squirted hot sauce directly inside me, rammed his hand back in, and fisted me for another two minutes.

Then he pulled his hand out again, gave me another ruler-spank - just one! - then it was more hot sauce, more fisting. The ordeal seemed interminable! Then came the final spank, and this was the worst yet - it felt like the edge of the ruler cut into my clitoris! I did scream, at that point, and he laughed and thrust his hand back inside me. My poor stretched vagina was getting quite raw by now, and the hot sauce was burning like crazy!

When he finally pulled his hand out, he slathered more hot sauce over my pussy, then he said, "All right, you're dismissed."

Dismissed!!! I know I'm not allowed to sack a teacher for administering a punishment, but I came so close to saying "No, YOU'RE dismissed!" But that would have made things worse, of course. So I meekly descended from his desk, and hobbled out of his classroom, my loins ablaze with pain.

The bursar's son, Liam, was waiting for me in the corridor. He counts as "male staff", unfortunately, because he occasionally helps his dad out with computer stuff. I groaned as he put his hand between my legs, and said, "Not now, Liam." Huge mistake! He said, "Aha! You just refused a grope! Please come into Mr Striker's classroom for your punishment."

I was horrified! But what choice did I have? I went back into Jeremy's classroom, and Liam had me assume the usual humiliating position on the desk. He slathered my nether regions with hot sauce, then shoved his dick into my anus. God that hurt! He must have fucked my arse for over five minutes. At one point Jeremy said, "Doesn't that hurt, Liam?" There was I, my anus and pussy burning like mad, and Jeremy was concerned about Liam!! Anyway Liam just said, "No pain, no gain." The girls were all laughing and cheering, of course.

I'm going to have to tread very carefully to avoid punishments in future!

Pauline

*****

Dear Mrs Stubbs,

I am very upset to discover that my daughter Edwina has become pregnant while at your school. We signed her up for the full range of punishments after she begged us to do so, promising that she would behave herself and would not get into any trouble. Yet she tells us that she cannot be sure who the father is because she has had sex with every one of her male teachers! Not voluntarily, mind you - as punishments! She tells us that she is regularly called to the front of the class and then penetrated, either vaginally or anally, by the teacher's penis.

She has not been on the pill for over a year now, because it gave her acne. This pregnancy was therefore inevitable, given these punishments which, I gather, may now be meted out for no reason at all! I am also told that several of her friends are in the same boat.

Edwina is only sixteen and cannot be expected to both raise a child and continue her education to the level we were hoping for. I am outraged at this turn of events and demand an explanation.

Yours,
Bronwyn Trelawney

---------------

Dear Mrs Trelawney,

Congratulations on your impending grandmotherhood! I am sure the news must have come as a bit of a shock, but as you note, many other parents of Stuckhampton students are in the same boat. Perhaps you could start a support group or something.

Edwina is an attractive young woman and, men being what they are, I'm sure she has been targeted for sexual punishments more than most of the girls. We started implementing "punishments for no reason" because of the endless disputes over whether this punishment or that punishment was "justified". Now there is no scope for appeal, which makes the whole process much more efficient.

Of course, it inevitably means that some teachers take advantage of the system in order to have sex with any girl they fancy. To discourage this, the rules state that hot sauce must be used as a lubricant. Unfortunately, some male teachers are willing to brave the hot sauce in order to stick their penis into a pretty student's vagina. Other times, I'm told, teachers acquiesce to a student's pleas to use a less painful alternative to the hot sauce. Some have taken to keeping a bottle of baby oil in their desks for just such an occasion. This is against the rules, but since it is a mutual agreement between the teacher and the student, it is difficult to police.

We do of course realise that babies complicate education opportunities, which is why we have the crèche. I can assure you that Edwina will still be able to enjoy a full education at Stuckhampton after she gives birth. As for higher education, well, there are options. Many universities these days pride themselves on being welcoming and accommodating places of learning for new mothers. I am sure Edwina will manage just fine.

As for the identity of the father, we can certainly run a DNA test to determine that. But please note that according to the agreement you signed, the biological father of any baby that Edwina delivers is exempt from any parental responsibilities unless he chooses to take them on. We can't have our staff punished for administering punishments, after all.

If it makes you feel any better, we have an excellent obstetrician here at the school. He is, as you might expect, very busy these days! Every day he visits each classroom and gives every pregnant girl a thorough pelvic exam, as well as a complimentary breast exam. Dr Lear has a great many years of experience - in fact he came out of retirement as a special favour to the school (his granddaughter is one of our English teachers).

So you see, your daughter is in safe and capable hands. I hope this goes some way towards alleviating your concerns.

Yours,
Martha Craddock, Q.C.
Chairwoman, Board of Directors, Stuckhampton College

