This is a work of erotic fan fiction.  I claim no ownership of any characters in this fic; no depictions are meant as accurate reflections of the celebrities on which these characters are based.  I have changed the situations so much that I think (hope!) this can be enjoyed without needing to know anything about the real people.

I also claim no historical accuracy.  Anachronisms abound for the sake of this depravity.

Story codes: celeb, medic, slash, humil, exhib

~~~~~~

Louis showed up at the home alone this time. His mother and father wouldn't even look at him, too disgusted with his behaviour to bother taking him themselves. Instead, they sent him off in the carriage to make the journey by himself.

He wouldn't be here, of course, if one of the maids hadn't walked in on him two nights before with his fingers in his arse, moaning uncontrollably. And he wouldn't have been making this journey alone if he hadn't already made it just a few weeks before. The second time heading down this countryside path was no easier; the second time watching the imposing brick home that Louis had thought he'd left behind for good made his stomach turn in fear.

Doctor Styles' Nursing Home For Wayward Boys, as his destination was called, was technically a medical facility, where specialised doctors took great measures to remedy the growing issue of youth masturbation. To Louis, it was hell.

When the carriage pulled up, he was greeted by a familiar head of blond hair. The familiarity didn't comfort him one bit, though.

The blond man jogged out the front doors with a plastered-on smile, already beginning his spiel before Louis had even stepped out of the carriage. "Good morning, and welcome to Doctor Styles' Nursing Home For Waywa--wait, Louis? Is that you?" He stopped, jaw dropped almost comically.

"It's me, Niall," Louis replied in a weary tone. "I'm back."

"You--" Niall sucked in a harsh breath. "I believe Doctor Styles has only had three or four boys return since he opened this home."

"Well, here I am. Is it gonna be worse for me this time, since I came back?" Louis gulped as Niall led him inside. He heard the carriage driver click his tongue and the horses take off before the doors shut behind him.

"I'm afraid so." The two of them walked up to a tall solid oak door. Niall rapped on it twice. "Doctor Styles, it's Niall. I have Louis Tomlinson with me."

"Come in," was the response from the other side.

Louis really was not ready to face the doctor again. Not only had this doctor's treatments been--unconventional, to say the least, but this doctor was also the indirect cause of Louis' need for a return trip. Cruel as he had been, he was also attractive, in a strange way, and it had been thoughts of his fingers and hands that drove Louis to take control of his own release that night in his room.

Niall pushed the door open and there sat the doctor.

Doctor Harry Styles couldn't have been older than thirty, though he carried himself like the sternest of Louis' tutors and commanded ten times more fear. His hair was dark and curly, trimmed neatly, and his green eyes were cold, almost calculating. Sometimes Louis wondered if the doctor spent his free time in his office just thinking of new ways to torture the patients.

"Thank you, Niall," the doctor spoke, standing up and walking out from behind the desk. "Have you completed the paperwork?"

Niall shook his head. "No, Doctor Styles. The arrangements were only just made yesterday." 

"Go finish the paperwork. I need to discuss some things with Mr. Tomlinson here."

For a few moments, Harry and Louis stood just looking at each other. Harry cleared his throat, and Niall scampered out of the room, shutting the door behind him.

"Dress code," Harry said, crossing his arms and sitting back behind his desk as though that made perfect sense.

"Dress code?" Louis echoed. "What--"

"Do not try to tell me you forgot your state of dress during your stay?" Harry raised an eyebrow, and Louis flushed as he understood the implication. "And do not turn around. Modesty does not exist here for you."

Cheeks burning red, he disrobed quickly, folding his clothes as neatly as possible and setting them on the desk at Harry's gesture.

"You understand that you are one of the very few patients I have treated that have needed to return, yes?"

"Yes, Harry." Louis clasped his hands in front of him nervously, a motion Harry didn't miss.

"Arms at your sides," he commanded, and Louis did as he was told. "As a result, I have needed to develop a specialised treatment regimen for you this time around, because clearly, your month's stay here taught you nothing. You will stay not in your own room, but in my quarters. You will have your own cot and receive your treatments there. Your meals will be brought there there as well. You will be allowed outside for your daily exercise period, but at a different time than the other boys." Harry leaned forward, folded hands resting on the surface of his desk. "Louis, did you find the time between meals and treatments boring?"

There was no point in lying. "Sometimes."

"That too will change. Instead of sitting idly about, I have created obedience lessons, if you will. Reactive punishment has not been enough for you, so perhaps by teaching you obedience, we can prevent other issues in the future. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Harry."

"Oh, and one more thing." A slight smirk appeared on Harry's formerly expressionless face. "If you misbehave, I will not hesitate to make an example out of you to the other boys. That means you are not safe from another punishment in the courtyard should you misbehave."

Louis gulped audibly, hands clenching into fists to keep from moving them to cover himself. A dull "yes, Harry" was all he could manage. His mouth felt stuffed full of cotton, dry as bone.

The doctor glanced at the clock sitting at the corner of his desk and hummed. "Half nine. I need to see to some things with Doctor Payne," he said, rising from his seat, "so whilst I do that, I will give you your first lesson. Come forward and bend over my desk."

Swallowing thickly, Louis took a few timid steps forward until he was standing right in front of the desk, and slowly bent at the waist until his chest was pressed flat to the wood. At Harry's order, he reached forward, hooking his fingers over the edge to hold on and keep his body spread out.

"And spread your legs. Wide. As wide as you can."

Turning his face into the side of his arm to hide his blush, Louis shuffled his feet apart, trying not to lose his grip on the end of the desk. He wasn't quick enough, though, and soon Harry's foot was pushing each of his ankles outward, drawing a small pained whimper from the back of his throat. Finally, the doctor reached between Louis' legs, pulling his cock from where it had been trapped between Louis' body and the table, and arranged it so it was between his legs, pointing straight down at the floor.

"Now, you will stay there, without moving, until I come back. I will know if you move. Behave," the doctor admonished him. Louis heard the door open and the doctor leave, but he subsequent sound of the door closing never came. Harry was going to leave him here like this with the door open! Louis almost sobbed in humiliation--the desk faced the door, so in this position, anyone who walked by would see him bent over and spread like this. At least they wouldn't see his face. So Louis pressed his nose into the desk and took a shaky breath in, trying to force his muscles to stop quivering. The worst part was, his cock, forced awkwardly against the edge of the desk, had reacted to all of this with a series of twitches, and Louis groaned.

"Please don't get hard," he whispered to himself, but to no avail. No matter how many terrible, morbid thoughts he tried to force into his mind, every current of air that brushed against his exposed hole and balls sent sparks of arousal through his nerves. He wondered if the doctor was taking a long time coming back on purpose; he wouldn't be surprised if that were the case.

Every time he heard footsteps outside the door he hoped it was Harry returning, but by the fourth time, Louis had begun to wonder if it was simply Harry walking past to make him nervous, or actually other nurses and doctors seeing him so exposed like this.

It felt like hours later when he finally heard footsteps enter the room and the door shut. "You stayed," Harry said. Louis hoped he wasn't just imagining the impressed tone. "Good. If you're on your best behaviour I may send you home a few days early. Stand up."

Louis did, stretching his arms over his head to work out the kinks in his back and glancing at the clock in the corner of Harry's office. Only five past ten! Harry had been gone for little more than half an hour!

"I need to see to the other patients now," the doctor went on, "so you are to wait here for Niall to collect you and bring you to my quarters. Understood?" Louis nodded. "Good. I will see you at lunchtime." Harry left the room again, this time shutting the door and leaving Louis alone to work himself up.

By the time Niall came in, Louis had worried himself so much that he had to sit down, his heart pounding too loudly in his chest and his breathing quickening.

"Louis, are you feeling poorly?" Niall asked, reaching out a hand to help him up.

Louis shook his head but let Niall pull him up and lead him down the hallway. "Just nervous. I'm afraid my treatments will be much worse than last time."

Niall said nothing more, only gave him a sympathetic look. The doctor's quarters were on the ground floor, at the very end of the hallway. They came to two more heavy doors, each bearing a name etched into a brass plate fixed to the door. "That one's for Doctor Payne," Niall said, pointing to the one on the right. "This one is Doctor Styles. How much did he tell you about your living arrangements?"

"He said I would be living with him and only leaving for exercise period," Louis answered, staring at the nameplate and trying his best to breathe normally.

"Alright, good. He's really, er, personalising your treatment," Niall said, opening the door. They walked into what seemed to be a suite-like arrangement of rooms; the one they entered first resembled a small drawing room, with sofas and tables arranged neatly in the space. Louis followed Niall into the next room--Harry's bedroom, from the look of it. A too-familiar metal cot had been set up by the wall across from the large bed; Louis' stomach turned. He really would have no privacy at all. The one thing he expected to see but didn't was the modified spanking horse that had taken up most of the room in his cell the last time he came to visit, but he didn't dare ask where that was.

"You'll be staying right here," Niall said, as though that weren't already obvious. "When Doctor Styles will administer all your treatments here, and when he's with other patients, you'll have assignments to complete. But for now, you have none, so until he comes back I suggest you rest."

Resting sounded wonderful to Louis, who figured he wouldn't have this kind of opportunity in weeks to simply lie down and breathe. "Thank you, Niall." Louis curled up on the cot, the scratchy sheets rough against his skin, and he heard Niall's footsteps trail out of the room.

He groaned. What kind of troubles awaited him now?