There are several things that Cauthrien enjoys during battle. Falling into a ditch with a screeching hurlock is decidedly not one of them.

They roll, thrashing, one over the other, until they come to a stop with limbs tangled and its weight on top of her. Her sword isn't in her hands and she struggles to get her arms between her and the darkspawn, driving her knee up. It connects with soft. Stomach, she thinks, and rolls away as the creature howls and arches up.

She tries to scramble to her feet but falls again as it grabs hold of her ankle with too-large, gnarled hands. She curses and kicks at its head with her free foot and it ducks and pushes forward and her leg catches on its shoulder. She can't free herself from where her armor snags on one of the ridges on its pauldron quickly enough, and in another breath, all she can smell is rot and blood and blight. Its eyes are too large and too glossy, its nose just gaping holes that pulse with each inhale. It has scars along its face and before she gets the leverage to drive her fist into its head, she makes out patterns, swirls, something that looks like pigmented ink and too much like tattoos.

Her fist connects and the hurlock screeches again, letting go of her ankle to reach for her throat. She kicks, then catches its leg with one of hers. Its hands close around her throat just as hers close around its and she rocks hard to one side. They roll. She's on top and manages to knee its gut once more. Its hands slack around her throat. She snaps its neck.

Cauthrien stumbles back to her feet, gasping for breath. She takes only a moment to shake her head and clear it, and then she runs, vaults out of the deep gully alongside the road, grabs up her sword, and heads back into the fray.

The lone emissary in the group, a squat genlock with a staff that looks as if it's been cobbled together from the bones of various animals, goes down beneath a laughing, taunting blur of tan and gold. Cauthrien's lips curl into a fierce, grim smile, and she turns her attention back to the bulk of the band, now thinned. The blood of two darkspawn slicks her armor and sword and her fingers haven't yet forgotten the snap of the fourth's neck.

She catches the belly of a fourth, another genlock focused on one of the mercenaries and oblivous to her. It falls, sputters, dies. The mercenary - the almost-Chantry Sister - throws up a fist towards her in thanks and turns back to the fight.

There's a howl behind her and she whirls into guard, hilt of her sword clasped at her hip. She thanks the Maker that battleraging darkspawn are nothing if not noticeable.

Cauthrien has never seen darkspawn as wielding anything aside from clubs or the most basic of swords, but this one has found or made a poleaxe and is advancing fast for her. It has its weapon lifted up above its head, hands spread far apart on the haft, and she swears and swings out of Pflug[1] with her metal-clad left hand shifting up to grip the blade of her sword. She catches the head of the axe before it comes anywhere near her, metal on metal between her hand and the crossbar of her sword. She steps with her left foot, pushing her blade right as she moves. The poleaxe head is now safely away and she's right up close to the hurlock. It howls as she surges forward, hooking her left leg around its right, pulling her blade back sharply to give her the leverage she needs to throw it back and onto the ground. She follows it, twisting and dropping to one knee to bury her blade in its face.

That makes five.

She's back on her feet, her left hand shifting to right below the crossbar to help tug it out of skull and earth, turning back to the battle- but there's a sudden quiet. There are no darkspawn left. There are only her traveling companions, some crying, some swearing, some silent. All are alive.

And there's Zevran, standing a safe distance from her, covered in blood and with a satisfied grin on his face. He claps, slowly, as he shakes my head.

"Ah, querida, true proof that we have you back at last!"

She rolls her eyes and shoulders the Summer Sword. They're three days, maybe forty miles, out of West Hill, and they had been making good time towards the main bridge across the River Dane before they'd stumbled upon a band of darkspawn. It's the first sighting of darkspawn they've had since setting out from Denerim and with any luck, she thinks, it will be their last. It's difficult fighting with her eyes narrowed and her lips clamped shut, wary of any injury or any spray of blood that might find its way into her body and corrupt.

Zevran comes to her side, pursing his lips thoughtfully as he looks down at her handiwork.

"I was informed several times and with great solemnity that the best thing to do with dead darkspawn is to burn them." He looks up at her and shrugs. "But... that would take time, and I know that we rarely did it, even with mages about to help. Your thoughts?"

She looks around the field. One hurlock in a ditch, seven on the field, and three genlocks scattered around. "It might not be feasible." They're surrounded by scrubland, the only trees short and sparse. "I hate to bury them and taint the land they're under, but..."

"Blight wolves are unpleasant," he finishes, nodding.

"And there are no farms that I can see," she adds, turning away and making for the rest of the team.
--
There are three shovels in the wagons and they take shifts in digging the large pit, almost out of sight from the road. Cauthrien and one of the men carry the bodies, careful not to smear any more blood on their faces than is already there. When they'd first heard the darkspawn, Zevran had recognized the sound immediately and sent up the cry- do not let their blood anywhere near you, if you can help it. Everybody appears to have listened and been lucky.

The sun is beginning to close on the horizon and the sky is creeping towards brilliance when Cauthrien tosses the last of the bodies, the hurlock she'd snapped the neck of, into the pit. She stands back as Janine, the almost-Sister, and a few others begin to shovel earth over the dead. She doesn't notice Zevran until she feels his elbow bump hers, but she's too busy to jump or strike out.

She looks down at him to find him gazing back up.

"I would like to say," he begins, his words tinged with that seriousness that still seems so foreign and yet so arresting, "that I am glad you did not- well, that you are not a death seeker." He looks away.

She blinks.

"You... thought that was a possibility?"

"For a time, yes." He shrugs. "I have known others to turn that way."

"The Lady Cousland?"

Zevran hesitates, then shakes his head. "No. I meant to say, I have known the impulse."

"You-"

"It is why," he continues, rocking back onto his heels, "I failed your lord. I was too caught up in-" He waves his hand. "Well, you are familiar with it, to a point, I suppose. At any rate, I am glad not to have found you like that."

For some reason, she feels more flattered by his praise than wounded by his previous judgments, and a smile tugs at her lips. Not the grim one from before but the genuine, small one that's been creeping back as the miles fall away behind them.

"Well," she says, turning to face him fully, "... Thank you. I'm-" Finding the words is an awkward and difficult task and she taps a booted foot anxiously. "I'm glad- that I didn't end up that way. And that you've never been terribly good at achieving what you set out to do."

Zevran bursts into laughter, reaching up to clap her shoulder. "Well said, querida! Yes, I think this is the leader we've been waiting for. I can convert one of the wagons into a lounge now, yes? You'll take care of me and all the others? My feet do so ache, after all."
--
It seems oddly fitting that, when they arrive, the River Dane has flooded its banks.

It will be at least a few days before the waters recede enough for the bridge to be passable. They had arrived the evening before, pushing to make the rive by nightfall so that they could cross first thing in the morning, at Cauthrien's instruction. She sets a more demanding pace than Zevran had, but she knows how to rest animals and men in a way that a year traveling with the Wardens doesn't seem to have taught the assassin. Now, though, it's mid-afternoon and she's contemplating if it would be better to wait or head north to where the river branches into the delta that connected it to the Waking Sea. The day is muggy and she's shed her usual mail in favor of a fitted leather jerkin and breeches and a linen shirt, unlaced at the throat.

Zevran, of course, has decided to forgo any clothing above the waist.

She's in the shade of one of the wagons, leaning into it to look at the map that they've brought along (one no doubt sent with Zevran at Anora's direct orders, if she knows her lord's daughter; it's one of Loghain's, his handwritten notes bold and unmistakable, and when she's not thinking, her fingers idly trace the words). She knows he went off earlier to gather firewood (she'd ordered it), then later went down to sun himself on the broad stones dotting the riverbank (he'd informed her and invited her to join him; she'd declined). He seems to be delighting in the break. He keeps speaking of aching feet and she's beginning to suspect he's trying to goad her in to offering a massage.

She's heard of that, foot massages. The practice seems ridiculous; soldiers can just as easily massage their own feet. Besides, marching for long days even in the limited heat of a Ferelden summer, with the inevitable rain and mud, left feet... particularly uninteresting.

Perhaps it's an Antivan thing, she muses.

Perhaps it's a Zevran thing.

She frowns, focusing back on the map, gauging distance. To march north would add another two days at minimum, and then there would be the problem of getting the carts through the marshland. She remembers dry stretches, even at this time of year, but she'd last been there a long time ago. And marshland seemed like a likely place to find more darkspawn. The encounter the other day has not left her feeling particularly excited about ever seeing those monsters again.

Cauthrien leans back, peering over at the brilliant flashes of sun reflected on the water. She purses her lips, trying to calculate, trying to decide.

It doesn't come; the sun is too bright and the grass here along the shores too green and inviting. It's been a long time since she's just sat, and after folding up and storing the map and fishing out a hunk of hard cheese and her waterskin, she finds herself a spot on a springy patch of clover and settles down.

She still watches the river. Two days to travel north, she thinks, nibbling on the cheese, another few to cross the delta, the chance of darkspawn or cart damage, and another day to regain the main road towards the pass. But potentially worth it, if the river stays high for weeks. The Hafter River, she knows, floods for weeks on end during the summer; her father's farm relied upon it, situated as it was at the westernmost bend. But she's less familiar with the River Dane.

She leans back in the grass and closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. And then, tense and nervous, she tries to recall the sound of Loghain's voice.

He knew the River Dane. He knew it for many, many reasons, but it was easiest- safest- to focus on when he'd told her about the battle where he'd made his name, where he'd taken his armor. For the first time in - what was it, months now? - she not only allows herself to hear his voice but actively seeks it in her memory. I need you again, she thinks, a warm shame creeping up over her throat and into her cheeks.

"Thinking of me, Ser Cauthrien?"

Her eyes snap open into a glare and there's Zevran, standing close by but not in her sun, not casting a shadow over her that she would notice, bare-chested and barefooted. There's a hint of dark tattoo curving over one of his shoulders and around his other side. She focuses on his face instead.

"I don't appreciate you sneaking up on me."

"Ah, but it is what I do! And I feel as if you have recovered enough that I do not need to handle you with kid gloves, hm?"

"I'm recovered enough to take your head off if you surprise me when I'm armed." She stares him down, or tries to, but he just laughs and stretches, his arms lifted and hands behind his head.

"I am a Crow, remember? Clever men, yes? And handsome."

His flirting has returned to its original intensity and then some, especially since she set him at ease in the wake of the darkspawn attack, keeping order and taking control. In truth, she's had his growing respect again since Heathfield when they only lost Nicholas and the other translator who had stayed by his side. They hadn't lost anyone else; the cartwright was safely with them. But it seems that something about how she'd handled her sword and her men has sparked him recently to greater acts of gentle lewdness.

She finds it unsettling that, though his words are often flavored with the obscene (especially when he tells her stories of his exploits in Antiva, as he has begun to do with increasing frequency), when they are directed at her they are only descriptions of himself and are always open invitations- never demands or judgments. It's oddly pleasant (and flattering, though she's reluctant to admit it), and far more bearable than what she has endured at times in the army.

That doesn't mean she quite knows how to respond to it. So she just looks up at him expectantly.

He grins. "You may gaze as much as you like."

"I've seen more than enough shirtless men in my life," she reminds him (and herself), looking away and taking another bite of cheese.

She hears him drop into a crouch nearby and knows that he's letting her hear it. She glances over and inclines her head in thanks.

He reaches out a hand and she breaks off a decent-sized piece of cheese, passing it to him.

"In Antiva," he says, shifting so that he sits beside her instead of crouching, angled so that he faces her and that their legs are stretched roughly parallel to one another, "we usually eat soft cheese. Fresh goats' and sheeps' milk. Yogurts, too- like cheese, in a way, or milk, but tart." He sighs. "Yogurt with honey and salt- it would be perfect for a day like this. Ah, well."

"Do you miss Antiva?" she asks, taking a drink from her skin and then passing it to him. He smiles and drinks deeply.

"Oh, yes," he says when he hands the skin back, making sure to flutter a finger against hers. She ignores it. "I had not even left Antiva City itself before coming to Ferelden, but she has enough to offer for a lifetime. A lifetime, I might add, that I have technically experienced."

She had been about to ask why he hadn't returned yet, and her mouth hangs open for a moment as she reorients herself. Of course he can't go back - he failed his contract, and what little she knows of Antiva has to do with the integrity, danger, and cost of its assassins. But she can't imagine what it must be like and a sympathetic jolt of longing runs through her. If she were to never set foot on Ferelden soil again-

"How do you manage it, the being away?" she asks, pain audible at the edges of her voice.

He chuckles and bows his head. "Ah, but of course you know what it is to have a place as your lover! But I have things enough to interest me here, and one day, I intend to return. I will simply enjoy my dalliances until then, yes?" Zevran winks, then takes another bite of cheese.

He frowns.

"I must admit, though, I am getting quite tired of subsisting on stews made of tasteless grains in order to feed a multitude. And the cheese is-"

"The cheese is very good."

"The only redeeming factor!" he continues smoothly, smirking. "True Fereldan cheese, yes?"

"Yes."

He laughs again, the sound rich and full. She watches how the skin at the corners of his eyes crinkles and realizes, perhaps for the first time, that he is at least as old as she. There are small lines that aren't tattoos that mark him, lines softened by his heritage but still there.

"Though," he says, as he quiets once more, "I have been thinking that perhaps we should send a few enterprising souls to filch some cabbage or carrots or whatever it is you Fereldans grow in abundance this time of year?"

All humor leaves her face and her expression hardens.

"... Or not."

"The people already are struggling with food shortages, between the Blight and the civil war." Problems, she thinks with a twinge, that she and her lord were responsible for in so many ways. She pushes the thought away, but it lingers, tensing her shoulders.

She watches as Zevran lifts his hands, palms exposed to her. "I apologize, cariña. I did not consider my words."

Cauthrien hesitates a moment, then shrugs. "You're forgiven. Just know that until we begin to starve, I will not allow anything like that. I wouldn't let you steal from my family's farm- I won't let you steal from theirs." She gestures to the land stretched out around them.

"Ah, yes, you are a farmer's girl."

"And you are a city boy who's used to having his food show up in the market every day," she says, finishing off the last of her cheese and shaking her head. She reaches up with her now-free hand to work at the muscles in her neck and shoulder that have tensed from spending the better part of the afternoon bent over her map.

"Alas, it is true," he agrees, watching her. He drums his fingers on the grass, then pushes himself up to his knees. She finds herself momentarily watching the play of muscles under his skin with the movement; he's built differently from soldiers, wiry and lean, but with a strong chest and arms - likely from climbing and the acrobatics she sometimes catches him practicing. She can see snaking lines of ink curving from around his back. She drags her eyes away and meets his gaze.

"Yes?" she asks, when he doesn't speak immediately.

"I can give you that massage myself, if you like," he suggests. "I assure you, I have learned from the best in all of Antiva!"

"Somehow, I don't think I trust the Crows' method of relaxing muscles."

That draws another laugh from him. "No, no. You see, I was born into an Antivan whorehouse- I did not mention it? Ah, I forget what I have told people. But yes, born there, and among the many things I learned, I learned the art of Antivan massage. And so, I offer it to you."

"I'm not interested." She knows the ways her muscles knot well enough, and while the angle is awkward, her own fingers do the job nicely.

"Ah, well, you cannot say I have never offered."

"I've never attempted to claim that."

Another laugh, this one slightly rueful, and he moves to sit back down. "Well, I- ow!" he hisses, and she sees his face contort for perhaps the first time she's seen it into a curled up expression of pain.

"What's wrong?" She frowns and sits forward, now the one to rise to her knees.

"Ah, the problem seems to be with my neck, now. Just a twinge."

Cauthrien holds back a laugh; he's genuinely uncomfortable, she can see, rubbing at one of the long muscles that connects the base of his skull to his shoulders. "I thought," she says at last, "that assassins were supposed to be supple. … Bendy. At the very least, not prone to getting cramps."

"Yes, well. Perhaps it is your martial tempo you set, hm? I told you, one of the wagons must become a lounge! It is the only way to ensure my good health, you see?"

"I can't imagine how Cousland put up with you for so long," Cauthrien sighs, but she can't help the amused smirk that twitches at the corner of her lips.

"She is a strong and powerful woman, querida."

"Just so." She watches as he prods at the affected area, presses into his skin, rolls the tight muscle- and grimaces. "Oh, come here."

"What?" He looks up and she thinks the surprise there is genuine, too.

"I will give you a massage. Over here."

He breaks into a smile and maneuvers (carefully, she notes, his motions more visibly considered than usual) to sit beside her. "Ah, finally! You succumb to the desire to stroke my perfect skin!"

"Either you shut up and I touch you, or you keep talking and I hit you," she threatens (albeit with a note of amusement in her voice), then adds a muttered, "Churl," that makes Zevran's shoulders shake.

"Both are acceptable, querida, after a fashion!"

"Do you ever stop?"

"Only when I sleep."

His skin is sun-warmed and surprisingly smooth beneath her hands as she settles them against the afflicted side of his neck, choosing to ignore anything that comes out of his mouth that isn't a cry of pain. She expected perhaps more scars, little ones that were hard to see, but while she can make out faint lines of old wound across part of his back and tracing down his arms, he's on the whole remarkably intact. His skin is traced instead with bold lines of dark brown that move between fine detail and unavoidable swatches of rich color. She purses her lips and tries to focus only on his neck, brushing his hair out of the way.

She slides one hand around his shoulder to brace him and begins to work the fingers of her other hand along the cramped muscle, starting at the base of his skull and working downwards. Heavy armor worn for too many hours, day after day, leaves nobody unaffected, in her experience. Various members of every band she marched with had taken it upon themselves to help the others.

She remembers the few times when it had been Loghain momentarily submitting himself to her touch.

Zevran at first hisses, then sighs, leaning into that touch. He mumbles something; it's flirtatious but the words themselves are meaningless, as his often are.

"If you are half as successful as you seem to think you are," she comments, idly, eyes fixed on how the muscle bulges when she manipulates it, "Antiva must be full of your bastards running to and fro."

His shoulder shakes even before the laughter is audible. "And oh, would the world tremble at their coming!" She rolls her eyes. "But no, I do not. Though it is not for lack of trying- or a surplus of prudence and available herbalists."

Her fingers still. "Oh?"

"Yet another thing to teach you of the Crows! A secret, this time."

"A secret like the secret of the wagons of hay?"

He tries to look back and grin, but winces as his neck twinges again. She rubs at the muscle's attachment on his shoulder and he relaxes again. "No, this one, it is one I will have told only to you."

"I shall hold it in strictest confidence, then. And not believe a word of it."

"You wound me, Ser Cauthrien!" She digs a finger beneath his shoulder blade and he squirms. "Fine, fine. I swear to you upon- well, my mother had no honor, but the honor of a mother who possesses it, that I speak only the truth."

"Go ahead."

"You know, of course, how the Chantry keeps its templars without families? No templar children running around in clanking armor?" She nods, then voices her assent when she remembers he can't look. "The Crows operate in a similar fashion. Families are... distractions. And children, inconvenient and possibly costly. But unlike the templars, our jobs often include the more hedonistic of pursuits, hm? In fact, to be a Crow is to be plied with luxuries, among them men and women as your desires trend. So they can hardly forbid us from pleasure. Instead, when we have been accepted into the ranks, the men, we are- how shall I put this- snipped?"

She leans forward, her eyes immediately go down to his breeches, and he laughs, the sound just a breath against her ear. She stiffens and looks at him.

"Everything is in working order, but- no children. An elegant solution, if a painful one."

"And the women?"

"More complicated, requiring herbalists and mages and all sorts of unpleasantness that I never had the misfortune to have to participate in."

She sits back after a moment, considering. Her fingers begin to work again, pressing in lazy circles.

"Have you ever regretted it?" There were nights where she had felt a sense of loss, knowing she would never be working in the fields with her children running around, shouting and squealing and scaring away the birds and pests, but her choice was at least, in theory, reversible.

"Hm, only once, and only in a very vague sense. There was- a woman." He pulls away from her, his hand sliding hers from his skin. He leans forward and grabs up the waterskin, then drinks deeply. She watches him. Even when he turns to her, leaning forward to rest his elbows against his bent knees, he doesn't speak immediately.

She soon isn't sure if he'll continue at all.

But he does, after a brief tensing of his jaw. He wrests himself from a blank gaze off beyond Cauthrien. "Another Crow. Her name was Rinna. Somewhere in me, I must have thought about the possibility. But- it did not work out."

"She didn't reciprocate?"

He hesitates and his voice is oddly soft when he says, "I killed her."

There's a long stretch of silence, then, and Cauthrien finally stands, stretching and looking out over the rushing water not one hundred yards away.

He rises to his feet as well, holding the waterskin out to her. She takes it. The leather is warm from the sun now, too, and it weighs almost nothing- empty.

"It was a tragic misunderstanding," he adds, finally. His voice is soft. "One that I regret."

"And so you went death-seeking?" she suggests, remembering for just a moment the first time she'd seen the assassin, all business and distant eyes, nothing like the man she encountered at Fort Drakon, let alone the man standing beside her now. She'd attributed the change to his failing his mission, and she is perhaps not wrong. But the distance is more meaningful now than the professionalism ever could be.

"And so I took a job I knew that I could not complete," he agrees. "And now I am here, eating your wonderful Fereldan cheese and getting to know beautiful women who wield gigantic, sexy swords. I believe I am quite lucky, yes?"

She nods, slowly. He offers a smile, a peace offering, a You didn't know. She takes it and returns a smile of her own. For the first time, she doesn't think to glare at the word beautiful on his lips.
--
The River Dane recedes enough to cross after five days of waiting. She never suggests that they try striking north, and the skin of her face and hands has darkened a little from days sitting in the sun, watching the water, and remembering with slowly increasing ease the Loghain she knew before the Blight and pushing away her guilt for a man who'd changed so much.

There are no more pauses, for battle or nature alike, between there and Gherlen's pass. They climb into the Frostbacks and though the air grows chilly, it isn't cold enough to require woolen cloaks. As the days pass, Zevran tells her more about the woman, Rinna, and she in turn tells him bits and pieces about her life, about Loghain. She tells him about how she met her lord, seeing him set upon by bandits and rushing to his aid with only a hoe, and how her help was, ultimately, completely unneeded. She even laughs at the memory; it doesn't sting nearly as much as it had when all she'd had to tell it to were empty bottles.

There are moments when she thinks she might genuinely like the Antivan, and, on occasion, words like thank you for saving me try to find her lips. She never says them, though. And he, inevitably, does something absolutely ridiculous and demonstrative and she finds herself rolling her eyes, biting out harsh words, appending churl (though now more to soften the blows of her words than to add to them, as he seems to find the word amusing).

When they draw near to the branch of the pass that would take them to Orzammar, Zevran spends an entire day telling stories and attempting to entice her with the promise of roasted nug. There's a woman, he says, that he knows- Nadezda, fascinating, a Carta enforcer turned whore by necessity- that he wants to drop in on. She almost gives in- but then he goes on to talk about how claustrophobic it is beneath the earth, how tight and close, and though she thinks he's trying to make it sound sensual and seductive, she shakes her head and presses on.

"Perhaps on the way back," he says, and she shrugs.

There are a few waystations in the pass this time of year, places with semi-permanent structures where merchants stop for company, entertainment, and drinks. They take advantage of them, though at the first two they pass, Cauthrien doesn't drink. She remembers the anger of all those miles ago and forgoes what will be, at any rate, cheap and thin beer. Each time they stop, she feels Zevran's eyes on her, testing, watching.

He's always cheerful the next day, though he never claps her on the back and says, "Well done!" It's not a matter of well done, and they both seem to understand it.

The third waystation, however, is a day's travel from the Orlesian border. They stop for two days to make sure that everything is in order. Zevran finally begins to sketch out a plan.

Comte Albret Lorraine is also a Chevalier, and that, she tells Zevran, is why the name makes her teeth clench. Thirty years ago, he held control over the lands by the western bend of the Hafter River. Her mother's memories, her father's, are her own in meaning if not in truth. She hates the man as much as they ever did even though he was gone before she turned five years old.

She does not tell him that.

Zevran takes her hatred as deeply cultivated national pride and anger and leaves it.

He says the first order of business, upon reaching Jader, will be to send out their translators to listen, to confirm reports of the Comte's favorite haunts before they move any further. Meanwhile, the rest will find and create safehouses for if the mission goes sour, and for hiding out in the aftermath. Comte Lorraine will be dead by the time they leave Jader.

Cauthrien frowns and asks Zevran why he doesn't simply sneak in, slit the man's throat, then leave.

Zevran shrugs and says, "Her Highness thought you would want to be involved."

Cauthrien is grateful but only shows it in a nod.
--
Their last night in the pass, Cauthrien drinks.

She sits with the mercenaries, the translators, the cartwright, and she drinks small sips of ale. She listens to stories, laughs with them, commiserates with them over the current state of home. She apologizes and they tell her that it wasn't her fault, that the motions of the great men and women are beyond them. She does not say that that is not how it should be, not in Ferelden.

She drinks alone, too, once the others have left the benches of the lean-to tavern for the fire by their wagons. Then, she drinks more deeply- but not quickly. There's an element to the alcohol that isn't the same. It doesn't soothe the same aches or stoke the same fires. She wonders if that means she's recovered. She wonders if that means she's atoned.

It's strange, she thinks, how quickly having another job and being on the move have worked upon her. She counts back the miles when the days run together. Two months, at least, since Zevran dragged her out of her bed kicking and screaming and made her remember what she is, what she's always been. She still hates him for daring to come to her in Loghain's armor, and with a pang she remembers it's still on the line for this job.

But it's not in the wagons and so she assumes that it is safe with the queen. She relaxes.

"Might I make an observation?" Zevran, of course, and he slides onto the bench across the table from hers, glancing between her and her tankard.

"Will anything I say stop you?"

"Not likely, no." He grins, leaning forward on his elbow. He reaches out with a finger and drags the tankard towards him with a slight touch. She watches curiously. "I," he says, eyes locked on hers as he steals away her ale, "don't think you drank very much before you ran from the world."

She flushes. "... And what makes you say that?"

"How easy it's been for you to give up on it. A few days of need, yes, but then it passed away, and there have been ample opportunities for you to break the rules and find a drink- or even change the rules, now that you're in charge. But you don't. And so I am forced to conclude that drinking has never been an everyday sort of thing to you."

His words draw a small, rough laugh from her. "You're observant."

"But of course! It's a useful trait to have, in an assassin."

"I suppose so."

He lifts the mug and takes a sip, then grimaces and sets it down. "Or, perhaps, you simply have more discriminating tastes, if this is all that's been on offer."

"No, you're right," she assures him. "A few nights a week with the men, a few times a month without them."

"I'm glad! Though I suppose it means that I am not quite as skilled of a healer as I perhaps thought," he says, with a grin. Then he stands, offering the last of the booze to her. She shakes her head. When he strides off with a beckoning glance, she follows, leaving coin and tankard on the table.

It's become a habit, these evening walks into whatever land surrounds their camp, though he seems to initiate them more often when it's trees than brushland or rocks. He hasn't pushed her into any ponds or rivers again, and when they stop to talk she keeps distance between them. There's something in the way he looks at her that's gone from being irritating to being strangely enticing, and she's caught herself increasingly remembering how his skin plays over his muscles or dwelling on small details in the stories he's told her of his kills, his conquests.

She doesn't always like the glee he takes in recounting tales of manipulation and betrayal, but there are other parts she finds she likes perhaps- too much.

"Are you ready?" he asks, and she looks over at him, brow furrowing, wondering if she's missed something he's said. He smiles. "To play spy with me in Orlais. We shall be children playing at a master's game! Always exciting, yes?"

"Foolish," she supplies, "seems a better description."

"Well, our Comte shall not see us coming. Or perhaps he will. I'm still deciding." Zevran laughs; he's found what he always seems to seek, a tree broad enough that he can lounge against it, his feet at different heights propped on roots that break the soil. She stays standing nearby. She's dressed in the same clothes she wore at the River Dane; she abandons armor when they rest, now, a habit she's not entirely sure where she picked up.

"Do you always wait until the last moment to plan?"

"But of course! Things change so quickly. People are not who we think them to be." He looks pointedly at her, raising his brows and inclining his head. "For instance, I believed you to be an angry soldier with nothing to her besides loyalty to a paranoid man."

Her eyes narrow and he raises his hands.

"And I have been wrong," he adds. "About the woman and the man in question."

"And so, what am I?"

"A leader of men, as I have told you before. And a good one, at that. And I dare say that you fight better than our Georgiana, though she is more frightening."

She feels herself flush with the praise. His gaze on her is- warm. Affectionate. And there's that edge of want and need that she thinks never completely leaves him. He simply puts it away sometimes.

Now, though-

She clears her throat. "Well, ah. Thank you. I'm- for a while I think I was just as you described."

"But people change! And so, we adjust our plans."

Her eyes slide down his body, and he seems so different from the man she watched meeting with Loghain and Arl Howe, different even than the man who confronted her at her door and plied her with a name that made her blood boil. Though not so different, she thinks, from the man she'd had naked underneath her for the briefest of hazy moments.

"Do you like me more, now?" she asks, and there's an unfamiliar, hoarse note to her voice.

He responds to it, shifting his weight, drumming his fingers against his arm. "Oh, yes. Undoubtedly."

"More willing to," and here her tongue trips over her words. The drifting buzz of the alcohol sets things right after a moment where her cheeks turn pink. "More willing to be under me?" She frowns. Her first thought had been to ask if he was more willing to assume a position beneath her, but she'd thought that was too suggestive- but this is hardly better.

Zevran is smiling a pleased, predatory smile when she manages to look at him. He pushes away from his tree and walking languidly towards her. She takes two steps back as he advances, stopping only when she nearly stumbles over a root and feels her back connect with rough bark. She swallows and he comes closer, looking up at her with a raised brow, a half-realized smirk. He doesn't touch.

"What was that you just said?" Zevran asks, and there's that purr again, that same purr that's been slowly invading her thoughts and making her-

"N-nothing," she breathes, frowning. Her cheeks are hot and heavy, the skin feeling too-tight and bare. Her breathing is shallow. She realizes distantly that he's making her feel like she hasn't felt in years, since the last time Loghain sparred with her and threw her to the ground and- She swallows again.

His eyes dip to the bob of her throat.

"... Should I leave?" he asks, voice quiet and surprisingly gentle.

She bites at the tip of her tongue. Yes, he should leave- he is not Loghain and she is not a woman moved by passions. And yet there's ale on her brain, just the slightest touch of fog, and she remembers the feel of his skin beneath her hands, the feel of his body stretched out beneath her, and for one of the few times so far in her life, she feels her body stir. Her throat feels dry. Her lips part again, involuntarily, and her tongue darts out to wet them.

He waits, head tilted slightly to one side, eyes fixed on her. His hands stay at his side for a long moment.

And then he reaches out and places one of his hands flat against the trunk of the tree beside her waist.

It's an invitation, either to tell him to go and possibly strike him down or to let him come closer. There's a brief span where she thinks of bending to him, taking his lips or letting him take hers, but then she reminds herself, firmly:

He is not Loghain.

So instead, she straightens her shoulders, closes her eyes, builds up her courage, and says,

"Get on your knees."

When she opens her eyes again she can see him grin. He's laughing, softly, and once she's watching him again, he shifts his hand from the tree to her side. She can feel the touch, light at first, then firmer, heat radiating through the linen.

"I will say yes to a great many things," he says, leaning in and raising on tiptoe to breathe in her ear. "All you must do, querida-" and that word is now tinged with something else, something extra, something he's been toying with and hinting at but never pressing until this moment, something heated and spiced and tantalizing- "is ask nicely."

There's a flash of irritation that goes through her, but it's not the same as every other time he's taunted her. It's (and she struggles to understand it even as she's feeling it) a playful sort of irritation. It doesn't make her want this any less, doesn't cool her body at all. She aches in a way she hasn't in years and though he is not Loghain and is not the one she wants to kiss her and seduce her and take her on the land beneath them, there are other things she can have. Things she can want.

"On your knees, churl," she whispers.

He laughs again, grin widening. "I was truly beginning to suspect you'd never ask," he purrs, settling back onto his heels and nuzzling against her throat as he does and sending shudders running through her. He takes his time traveling down her body, both of his hands now trailing lightly along her sides as he moved into a crouch. He tugs up the fabric of her shirt, tucked into her pants, and slips his fingers up underneath. She jumps at the skin to skin contact, then leans back heavily against the tree.

She watches him through half-lidded eyes and the dim of the evening forest, her heart pounding in her ears and her belly, as he takes the first set of laces of her pants in his teeth. His hands have slid around to her back and are settling at where the tops of her hips crest, touch still light. She hears a small mewling noise, then realizes, headily, that it came from her throat.

Zevran grins and nuzzles at her groin, drawing another of those sounds from her.

His teeth and tongue are as nimble as she's ever seen his hands be and he's soon working on the second set, then the third. His fingers trace soothing patterns on the small of her back as she begins to twitch, gasp, grit her teeth so as not to beg him to go faster.

All the heat of him against her is suddenly replaced with an unexpected rush of summer evening chill and she moans at the contrast as he touches his lips gently against her smalls.

He's pushed her pants down only enough to gain access and she's able to lift one of her legs and hook it over his shoulder. Another chuckle and she glares down at him. "Zevran-"

"I am not mocking you, querida," he assured her, his voice a heated rumble against her body. Her head falls back against bark and her fingers claw at it. "I just never thought to see you so- eager."

He lets go of her back with one hand and instead traces her outline through her smalls. She can feel the fabric try and cling to her growing wetness and she squirms at the touch. He pulls his hand away, then, instead reaching up to hold and caress her thigh even as he leans against it and presses kisses along the soft skin there.

"How long has it been?" he murmurs, and she looks down in time to see him gazing up at her.

She catches her tongue between her teeth again, then pulls it free and whispers, "Never, for this."

She thinks she sees surprise, but then it passes. "And for anything else?"

"Years. … Over ten," Cauthrien confesses, and looks away from how his eyes widen and he pauses in his ministrations.

He doesn't laugh and she sags in relief. Instead, he presses another, firmer kiss to her leg. "A shame," he murmurs, or she thinks he murmurs, and then something else- "Mereces algo más.[2]" She's about to ask what those words mean when he leans forward again and mouths her through the linen of her smalls.

Words flee and she's left twitching and moaning, eyes falling closed. Her toes curl in her boots and her fingers scrabble for purchase. One finds his head and tangles in his hair. He doesn't seem to mind, his tongue tracing lazy lines and small circles. Even dulled, the sensation is almost too much, too new, too- everything, and she whispers, "N-not so much-"

His mouth stills and she tries to focus only on how his breathing feels, the way he presses his closed lips against her and gives her only pressure and heat. When her leg still planted on the ground supporting her begins to still, she nods.

"Now?" he asks.

"Yes-"

His tongue traces one last meandering line upwards to the side edge of the fabric, where his teeth catch on it and drag it away from her, baring her without ever letting go of her body.

She nearly screams when his mouth finds her without the barrier of fabric between them.

He goes slowly, avoiding her sensitive nub except to kiss it lightly, focusing more on the stretch of skin between it and her entrance until she begins to rock her hips and whisper nonsense syllables. She arches as he takes to licking, nipping, suckling and she thinks she might come apart right then, but just when she begins to twitch and writhes, he moves to other areas, dipping his tongue into her by degrees. She groans his name, hand twisting in his hair still tighter, and it seems to spur him on. His hand on her thigh leaves its perch and she whines at the loss of touch until she feels one long digit toying at her entrance. Then she whimpers and cants her hips still more towards him.

"Please," she whispers.

"My pleasure," he responds, voice throaty, and slides his index finger inside of her.

She rolls her hips with more urgency, movements driven far more by instinct than by any distant experience, and all she knows is that she needs this, wants this, and that he knows without learning her nearly every thing that can make her scream. He knows her body better than she does, knows when to add another finger, when to crook them, when to remove them entirely and tease along her, when to lift his head and kiss at her stomach, her thigh-

Somebody's crying out, moaning and begging, and she thinks it might be her. It doesn't matter. The heat and pleasure is overwhelming, washing away everything else, and nothing matters when she finally crests, body and mind seizing as she clutches Zevran to her, helpless to let go, helpless to do anything but sob.

She knows that soon he lightly touches her hand and she releases, knows that he returns his slicked hand to her waist and pulls her down into his lap. He cleans her up, refastens her clothing. He holds her against his chest and brushes loose strands of hair from her forehead. He doesn't try to kiss her.

When Cauthrien is truly aware again, she's taking in a deep, shuddering breath. Zevran is stroking her upper arm. It's soothing and for a moment, she feels as if she could sleep right there- but then she realizes what she's done, how loud she must have been, the chance that somebody back at camp heard, and her cheeks burn. She struggles to sit up. She bats away his hands when he tries to help.

She struggles, panting, to her feet, her legs unsteady. She stares down at him.

He gazes back up, head canted.

"I-" she tries, then falters. She swallows, trying to remember what happens now. She doesn't know; the few other men she's been with are distant memories, quick trysts where she never saw them again or, at least, never spoke to them again.

The only thing she can think to say is, "Thank you. … Do you- need-"

"If it pleases you. Or, I can take care of myself for tonight. I certainly have enough to think about." He grins and inclines his head, then reaches out for her. She takes his hand and helps him to his feet, then gazes back towards camp.

He laughs.

"Yes, querida, I do believe they heard you from here. Perhaps next time, we should walk a bit farther out?"

Next time. She frowns, uncertain.

He notices, shrugs. "If there is to be a next time, that is. I, for one, am up for a next time."

"I'll- keep that in mind," she murmurs, frown easing slightly.

"But of course, oh gallant commander! Lead on." He grins and she shakes her head. "... And would you help me with my... tension? Perhaps another massage?"

"Perhaps next time," she says after a moment spent staring at him, blushing. He laughs and bows deeply and she relaxes in turn. When they make their way back towards camp, she walks two steps ahead and he follows in the shadows.

--
[1] Pflug, "plow guard", from Liechtenauer's German longsword (two-handed sword) fencing system. Assume German is "Alamarri", i.e., the original language spoken in Ferelden before they began speaking... what do we call it, Common? :)
[2] Mereces algo más, "You deserve more."