This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted at rkhaan@ix.netcom.com.  Copyright 1998, Robert B. Morton II, all rights reserved.


Disclaimer

For those individual not of legal age to read this where they live, shame on you!  For those folks who may be offended by this writing, all I can say is caveat lector... you have been warned.  The following is a work of fiction and the usual statements about bearing any resemblance to people or places, living or dead, being coincidental, etc., apply here.


The Gift, by Rob Morton (M/F, inc, cons)

As the waterbed rocked gently in time with our movements, I could feel her hot breath against my face as well as the scorching heat radiating from her body.  Her tongue fought an interesting battle with mine, both dueling for supremacy, neither caring who won.

My right leg was trapped between her legs, the short, tightly knotted pubic hair scouring my skin while leaving a hot wetness in its wake as she ground her pussy against me in anticipation.

My hands, once content with roaming her back and whatever parts of her ass they could reach, went to her impressive 40D breasts, my fingers gently tweaking each protruding nipple in turn.

I smile as my tweaking causes her to gasp in delight - I know just how sensitive her nipples are, just as I know how much she loves to have them played with.

"Ooh, yes," she breathes, grinding her pelvis into me with greater urgency.  "Suck them."

My smile widens as I lower my head to first one nipple then the other, lavishing both with all the love and tenderness I can muster.  I don't want to be too rough with them; at the same time, I want to give her everything she wants.  Wetting my lips generously, my tongue begins to trace the outline of those massive globes of flesh, flicking along the underside.  Gently, I nip her breasts with my teeth, losing myself in their softness and savoring the slightly salty taste of her bosom.

Recapturing a nipple, I feel her hand on the back of my head, crushing me tight to her, my breathing momentarily stopped as my face is swallowed by three pounds of hot, sweaty, flesh.  Undaunted (but running out of air), I continue my assault, attacking her erect nipple with lips, teeth, and tongue.  She realizes that I can't breathe and mutters an apology as the pressure on the back of my head eases.

"Sorry, baby," she says.

I grunt an answer as I begin to leave a trail of saliva along her flat stomach to the thatch of jet-black pubes nestled within its triangle of flesh.  Even as my cock throbbed impatiently, I wanted to take my time making my way to her musky center, wanting her sense of anticipation to increase before fully indulging myself.  However, she wasn't trying to hear any of this as her hands once again found my head, gently pushing me away from my exploration of her navel.

Once again, a smile crosses my dark features - she can't wait and, shit, neither can I.  My face slides along those dark curls and I inhale her scent.  Strong, musky, and tangy - just the way I like it.  Oh, she is so hot!  Slowly, I let my lips play along her outer labia, her scent much stronger now.  Teasingly, I let my tongue slide into her, collecting the copious amount of moisture I knew would be there.

Her legs open automatically as my tongue flashes across the button of her clit and her hands hold my head in place.  Beneath me, I can feel her body tense as she waits for me to get down to business.  I'm not going to keep her waiting very long...

Without my usual teasing and probing, I begin a blistering attack on her distended clit, rasping my tongue over its very sensitive surface.  My lover gasps as my lips close around her clit and her legs open even more to admit me.  I reach under her, cupping her bottom in my large hands, lifting her slightly so I may feast upon her flesh.  Her clitoris responds to the literal tongue-lashing that I'm giving it, growing larger and twitching uncontrollably.

I vary my attack by suddenly plunging my stiffened tongue into her, cleaving her sex and giving me access to all of her juices.  Yet another gasp escapes her lips as I bury my tongue inside her, savoring her as if she was my last meal.  She lifts her knees, exposing more of herself - and I take full advantage of the situation by withdrawing from her juicy snatch and teasing her back hole before returning to the velvety embrace of her cunt.

"Oh, shit!  You son-of-a-bitch!" my lover curses.  I just love it when she does that.  Once again, I center my attention on her clit with the intention of doing her in once and for all.  Playtime is over as I suck her blood-filled bud hard into my mouth, delivering swipe after punishing swipe with my tongue.  I can feel it growing thicker between my lips...

There it is - that telltale convulsion which signals her orgasm.  Her legs suddenly close tightly around my head as her hips pound into my face.  Even surrounded by the tight embrace of her thighs, I can hear my lover cursing with her usual, unbridled passion as the first spurts of her juices flow onto my tongue, followed by an even stronger spurt, which is followed by yet another.

Between my lips, her clit is twitching out of control and I just hold it there, biding my time.  As her orgasm washes over her, my lover relaxes for a moment, my cue to begin again.

"NO!" she cries out as I pick up the pace, gently running my tongue over every bit of her oversensitive flesh.  A chuckle escapes me as she once again stiffens and issues spurt after spurt of girl-juice.

"No, please!  No more - I've had enough!"

That's a shame, because I can keep this up all day.  Reluctantly, I give up my place between her now-drenched legs - but not before one parting suck, which causes her to spurt just a little more.  Raising up a little, I look under my darling's bottom at the gigantic wet spot; as much as I love to eat pussy, I love it more when the woman can squirt like a fire hose - and this wonderful woman can squirt like a couple of hoses!

A little exhausted, I flop onto my back, feeling the bed respond with wave after rolling wave.  A breeze floats through the open window, bringing temporary relief to the heat we've been generating.  Beside me, my lover is gasping for air, struggling to recover from the orgasmic onslaught I laid on her.  The increased rolling of the bed tells me that my precious love is moving; without even looking, I can sense her gaze upon me.

"You cheat, you know that don't you?"

"Of course I do, honey.  You know I never play fair."

"Yeah, well, it's my turn now," she says as I feel the bed shift.  Soon I'm greeted with the sight of her upturned bottom, still glistening with her spent juices.  Seconds later, I feel her mouth close around the turgid flesh of my cock until every inch has been taken into her mouth.

I sigh as her tongue begins its own attack upon me, wetly enveloping the blood-engorged head and sending waves of pleasure through me.  I reach back and adjust a stray pillow under my head so I can watch my lover at work.

God, what a sight!  She knows I'm watching and makes a show of slowly devouring my maleness inch by tantalizing inch until all I see are her lips nestled in my pubic hair.  Not to be outdone by this hot vixen, I reach over and grab her by the hips, positioning her once again over my mouth.  Even with a mouthful of hard, hot cock, she's protesting - but not doing anything to stop me, which is all good.

I'm once again greeted with the sight of her cunt, all wet and pink against the darkness of her skin as she lowers herself onto my waiting mouth.  I pierce her slit with my tongue and my baby screws her ass onto it, riding my face into oblivion.  The room is filled with the obscene sounds of slurping and sucking as we eat each other, each trying to overwhelm the other - but I know who's going to lose this battle as only mere minutes into our mutual pleasure, I'm drowning in her juices, which are flowing over my face and pooling under my head.

The pillow doesn't stand a chance as more of her fluids rush from her, drenching me from my head to my chest.  I feel my cock slip from her mouth as she screams her pleasure to anyone who cares to listen.  I have to hold onto her tightly as she writhes against my face, impossibly depositing more of her juices in my mouth, my nose and my eyes (even though I've got them tightly closed).  She slips from my grasp, diving to the side and scoots away from me, lest I get my mouth on her once again.

My lust is in full control as I creep towards her prone form like a predator stalking its prey.  I position myself between her unresisting legs, my cock poised at her entrance.  This is the part I like most of all, the moment just before penetration.  I look into my victim's, uh, lover's eyes, seeing the confusion and anticipation in them.

Then comes my next favorite moment.  Thrusting forward, my cock head nestles against her wetness and I push forward, all the while looking into her eyes as the head cleaves my lover's flesh.  Her eyes grow wide in surprise/pleasure as I continue to split her with my manhood, the widest part of me passing into her with little resistance.  Finally, after what seems to have taken a lifetime, I am fully buried inside my love and her eyes close blissfully.

Oh, she is so hot, wet, and tight!  I withdraw only to feel her hands on my ass, pushing me back into her moist, fleshy embrace.  I move inside of her, our pubic bones crashing against each other.  As I did while eating my lover, I reach under her and lift her to me, allowing me to penetrate her deeper.  Her legs flail against empty air as I continue to fuck this gorgeous creature.  Around the thrusting of my cock, I can feel the muscles of her cunt gripping and milking me.  My lover further encourages me with her low, lusty curses.

"Fuck me, oh, fuck me!" she whispers, her face contorted into a grimace as she bears the brunt of my spike plowing into her.  "Give it to me, you bastard!  Cream my hole!"

How can I resist such a request?  Between the motion of the bed, the heat generated by our mating and such a lusty request, my own orgasm rushes upon me, the incredibly powerful feeling hitting me all at once with little warning.  My cock thickens as I prepare to fill her with my love...

"Shit," I swear.  "Oh, shit..."  Spurt after spurt of my milky seed flows into my lover's snatch, eliciting a cry from her as she thrusts up to meet my own frantic movement.  An eternity passes before the orgasmic wave runs its course and, exhausted, I collapse onto my love, completely spent and totally satisfied.  I don't know how long we laid there, lost in our own thoughts.  Slowly, we untangled our bodies, both wishing the moment didn't have to end.

Reaching a sitting position, we look at each other.  We're both caked with sweat and other body fluids.  My lover's hair is a tangled mass of black and I'm pretty sure I'm not winning any beauty contests - at least not until I can get a shower.

I watch with a strange sort of pleased satisfaction as my lover rolls out of the bed - one does not climb out of a waterbed - and, on shaky legs makes her way to the bathroom.  A few seconds later, I hear the shower running and I'm sorely tempted to join her.  I know that I shouldn't; all that will happen is we'll make love in the shower and I know she's both too tired and sore - and neither of us have the time any longer.  And we won't get clean...

Even as I watch my love dry herself and dress, I feel a moment of sadness wash over me.  The last couple of hours have been the most pleasurable of any I've ever spent with her.  She notices my gaze and asks, "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," I reply, hoping to keep the sadness out of my voice.

"Why don't I believe you?" she asks.

She knows me all too well.  "I just hate to see you go, that's all."

She crosses to the bed and sits next to me, her fingers tracing the outline of my lips.  "It's not like I'll be gone forever.  We'll do this again - trust me."  Leaning forward, she places a kiss upon my lips and I can feel myself growing hard again.

Rising, my lover checks to make sure she isn't leaving anything behind; as she does so, I clear my throat to get her attention.

"Do you know how much I love you?" I ask, bringing a smile to her face.

"I know.  I love you, too, Daddy.  See you tomorrow?"

You can count on it, my daughter...

Finis
