A View To A Thrill
by dmastercookie

Fucking a girl up on a mountain with a great view.

One of the girls I dated years back was really athletic. She was into rock climbing and hikes up the mountain. I'm more of a stay a home and relax kind of guy, but her magical charms and super hot body convinced me to go with her on a lot of her outdoor ventures which I wouldn't normally do otherwise. She was fairly tall for a Chinese girl and not much for boobs or ass as she was so lean and slender. She had amazing endurance. She could fuck for hours, although sometimes she would fuck me so hard I was afraid she was going to break me in half!

Sometimes when she took me up on the mountain for a hike, she'd let me have some more unconventional fun. I was in nowhere near as good a shape as her, so I was often asking to stop and rest. When we did, I would take photos of the view and of her. As there was usually no one around at all, I often got her to take her undress down to her sports bra and underwear and pose like she was some outdoorsy model or something. She thought it was fun and sometimes would indulge me further by posing without the bra and underwear, just a hot girl running around the mountain in her shoes. I even got some great slow motion video shots of her jumping from one boulder to another in nothing but shoes.

Of course, all these antics would get me horny and I would end up fucking her up there with both of us looking out over those great views from the mountain as we came. Then back to the hike... which was the far less fun part for me.

After a couple months, she wanted to know more about my interests and fetishes and so I told her about my interest in sharing my girls with other guys. Initially she said that was crazy. But the more I told her about how I'd done it with other girls I think it started to seem less and less outlandish to her. While I had shared most of my girls with my close friends she was really not up for that. She did however have a close friend of her own.

It was a guy she'd known for many years. He was her main climbing buddy, every bit the outdoorsy type that she was, but they hadn't done much non-PG together. He'd seen her her underwear plenty of times as she changed clothes and seemed to really appreciate her body, but they had never pursued that interest. She worried that he might think it was weird getting involved in that way, but I assured her that any guy would love to do more with her, given the chance.

The next time the three of us went up on the mountain together, she tried testing the waters. It was a pretty hot day, so she was only wearing a sports bra and pants. A good ways up the trail, when there was clearly no one else around, she started complaining very forced and awkwardly about how hot it was, even though it wasn't unusually hot.

"Oh my god, it's so hot today." she kept saying over and over.

Then she suddenly just pulled her sports bra off and tucked it in her backpack. Her friend was rather stunned but smiled. She spun around a few times, I suppose letting the air cool her now bare chest and then continued on the hike. Her friend was pretty much locked in staring at her as we continued up the trail. After a while she pulled me aside and said she wasn't sure how to proceed. I laughed briefly and then waved her friend over. I directly asked him if he liked seeing her tits.

Confused but amused, he answered, "Of course!"

"Would you like to feel them?" I questioned further.

And that's all the invitation he needed, as he immediately started feeling her chest and the rest of her exposed body. She just stood there letting him grope away with a kind of shy but naughty expression on her face. I leaned close to her.

"How does it feel?" I asked her softly.

"It's nice." she admitted shyly.

I reached down and undid her pants, revealing her underwear and paused for a moment looking into her eyes. She smiled and nodded. So I proceeded to pull down her pants and underwear down to her knees, showing him him pussy and bare ass. He quickly expanded his touching of her body down to her pussy, running his fingers through the small bit of hair she had down there and then rubbing up and down along her pussy.

As she started to get wet, I saw him start to slip his finger in and out of her. This set her a little off balance, and she grabbed onto me and leaned on me a bit, like she was afraid she was starting to lose control of her legs. As she was already leaning so close to me, I gently turned her head from looking at her friend to facing me and started kissing her. She kissed me back in a way that reflected her new found excitement, trembling as she did so.

He kneeled down in front of her started to lick her pussy. She could not help but moan a bit into my mouth as he did so. This was definitely her first time having two tongues invading her at the same time, as my tongue danced with hers in her mouth and his was sliding in and out of her pussy.

I was getting super horny now that I was finally getting to indulge in my top fetish with her. I moved around behind her and had her bend forward, and slid my cock into her freshly licked cunt, making her moan out loud. I quickly started fucking her in front of her hiking buddy, as he stood there in amazement. I told him that we had fucked many times up on the mountain trails.

"It's really the best view to do it in front of, really." I pointed out.

He agreed that it was a great combination and started to stroke himself inside his own pants. I fucked her for three or four minutes and then asked her to turn around an suck me. She happily complied, spinning around and sucking my cock vigorously. This presented her wet and freshly fucked pussy to her friend. After a few waves of encouragement from me, he dropped his pants and started fucking her. This made her lose all focus on sucking me. She pretty much stopped completely and was moaning even louder than before.

I stepped back to enjoy the sight of her getting fucked with the majestic view behind her. I got a camera out and asked if he minded.

"You can do whatever you want." he said without breaking attention from the pounding he was giving her from behind. I kind of thought at that point I could have asked him for anything and he would have agreed.

I starting taking photos of them fucking from all different angles trying to line up the best views behind them. I showed some to them while they were fucking and joked, "This would make a great postcard, no?"

They laughed but continued fucking. In fact, he started going faster suddenly. He was grunting from the effort as he did so. Then suddenly he pushed deep inside her and moaned as he exploded in her, filling her with gobs of his cum. I snapped a few shots of the orgasm, then presented my cock to her which she prompted resumed sucking.

He started slowly moving in and out of her, clearly savoring the feeling of her pussy as he rode down the waves of his orgasm. Eventually he stepped back and pulled up his pants. When he did so, I turned her around, and sure enough I could see his white cum leaking out of her pussy. Without missing a beat, I shoved my cock into her dripping pussy and started enjoying my first sloppy seconds with her.

"Maybe I should give you two some privacy." he stammered as he started to walk away.

"No! You don't have to." we both protested and awkwardly stepped a few steps after him while I still continued fucking her. It was tough to match his speed though as we both had our pants pulled down to our knees. She tripped and fell to the dirt. As my cock slipped out, lots of his cum came pouring out her pussy and down her legs. He turned back and rushed down to her checking if she was okay. She smile and punched him playfully.

"Don't go anywhere!" she commanded and this time he obeyed.

As it seemed she was okay, I kneeled down behind her and pulled her ass up in the air and resumed fucking her basically in doggy position. He sat down in front of her, so she could lean again him instead of into the dirt. It probably wasn't the most comfortable position for her on the ground, but I didn't care much at that moment. I just really wanted cum. I fucked her hard and as I did, he started gently stroking her hair as she leaned on him. Then he reached down to her small tits that were swaying back and forth under her as I pounded her pussy. He squeezed and caressed them at first and then started rubbing her nipples.

Her body started gyrating a bit out of control. I held on her hips firms to keep from slipping out of her again. Suddenly she screamed with pleasure and I felt a warm rush of wetness surround my cock as her pussy gripped it tightly. Her whole body tensed up and then just as suddenly turned to Jello and she flattened out into the dirt a bit. I followed her downward and started fucking her even harder for about fifteen seconds and then I finally released my own cum into her pulsing pussy. I stroked my cock, milking every bit of my cum out and into her pussy before pulling out and promptly pulling up my pants. She leaned over onto her side with one ass cheek in the dirt, still leaning against her buddy while he held her. She admitted that was one of the most intense sexual experiences she'd ever had and just had to lay, there riding down the waves of ecstasy before she finally recovered and we continued on our hike.

Our hikes together were never the same after that. We often took turns fucking her. Most of the times I shared her were up on the mountain, but a few times he even joined us at home which was a bit more comfortable, playing on her bed and floor compared to out there in the dirt and rocks. I'd often pull up some of our wild photos up on her computer for us to look at while we fucked together at home.

Sometimes we were a bit impatient up on the trails and didn't go far enough up before we started our fun. And when we heard other hikers approaching we had to quickly redress and make like we weren't doing anything.

Ultimately, it felt like she and her hiking buddy had a lot more in common than she and I did. So they started officially dating. They still included me in their fun now and then, but I started seeing her less and less especially when I started dating other girls.
