Kai is jolted into sudden wakefulness by a tapping on the door of the guest hut. Sunlight is piercing through a gap in the doorframe and striping the bed with brightness, falling on Arthur's exhausted face beside him and bringing it into sharp focus.

The door is barred. He remembers now, and draws a sharp breath as he recalls the night just past.

Another tap on the door, more insistent this time. Kai mumbles something, and scrambles out of bed to unbar the door, wrapping a blanket hastily around himself and wincing from the pain of his injuries.

The Cornish healers – two taciturn women in middle age – seem unsurprised to find Arthur in Kai's bed, instead of in his own. They ask no questions but simply set to work, removing the bandage that Kai had re-tied, nodding in approval at finding the wounds beneath it clean and already beginning to close again, applying some kind of green salve with a sharp smell, and expertly binding Arthur's sword arm in clean linen. Arthur lies quiet under their skilled hands, his eyes closed; he is very pale beneath his bruises, and Kai is concerned for him.

The healers' strong accent makes their speech hard to follow, but they give Kai to understand that Arthur is not sick but has pushed himself beyond his strength; that he needs sleep, and warmth, and quiet; and that they are looking to Kai to provide these things. And if he doesn't, they say, looking severe, they will move Arthur to another hut. There are strict instructions. Plenty of water while he is awake, food if he wants it, but no mead, no talk, and no visitors. For at least the next two days. And if his bandages come loose again, Kai should call for the healers: two hands are better than one… day or night. One of them permits herself a small and knowing smile. She props Arthur up and helps him to drink some kind of sleeping draught. Kai finds himself sitting on the bench to have his own injuries inspected by the other; the head wound is bathed and salved, and the splint on his arm re-tied. He flinches as she pulls the bindings tight. It's his own fault, she says, for trying to do too much. He too needs rest. They will come back in the evening.

As they gather their gear to leave, Kai overhears Mark's name. He asks politely after their lord. They look at him with assessing eyes. Mark has had a rough night but he will live. He was badly injured. They cannot tell Kai how badly, since their lord has threatened them with death, or worse, if they breathe a word; but perhaps, they suggest by the merest raised eyebrow, Kai already knows more than they do.

A serving woman comes a little later with food and a pitcher of water. Kai props the door ajar to let in the wintry sunlight and clean air, and returns to his seat on the bench, his back against the wall, watching Arthur's peaceful profile and the steady rise and fall of his breathing under the blanket. He does his best to banish yesterday's events from his mind. He knows this is just the calm before the storm; but for the moment, simply to sit here and gaze at Arthur is enough.

After an hour or two the sun has moved across the sky and Kai is cold, and yawning. He closes the door, adds another log or two to the fire, spreads his own blanket back across the bed and crawls in beside Arthur.

But sleep will not come to him.

This man beside him, sleeping so peacefully: who is he? Kai thought he knew, but the savage emotions and pent-up violence he saw yesterday were those of a stranger. This man beside him saved his own worst enemy's life. Why? From guilt, or from love, or because it was what he thought Kai expected of him? What does Kai expect of him? Kai himself is not certain that he knows any more. 
They both have many good reasons for wanting Mark dead, and few for wanting him alive.
And yet Mark is alive, and sooner or later he will recover, and then what? Will he seek vengeance, or reconciliation?
Will Kai ever be able to look at Arthur in quite the same way after the events by the river, or will there always be a shadow between them? Last night he managed to convince himself that this is still the man he knows and loves. But is he? Or has he been irrevocably changed, and gone beyond Kai's reach for good?

Eventually Kai's churning thoughts are interrupted by Arthur rolling over with an enquiring murmur:

'How long have I been asleep?'

'Hours… it must be midday at least by now.' Kai sits up. 'There's food, if you want it.'

Arthur shakes his head. 'I'm not hungry.' But when Kai fetches him water and helps him to sit up, he drinks it gratefully.

It is cold in the hut. Kai fetches more wood from the pile outside the door, and kicks the fire into life. He is not really hungry either, but he makes himself eat. Then he burrows back under the blankets and lies back with his arm behind his head. A sigh escapes him.

'What's wrong?' Arthur is looking at him with concern. 
'Nothing that won't keep for a little while. I don't want to talk about it. Not today. I just want to rest.'
Arthur moves over to lie alongside him, pressed against his flank. Kai slides his good arm under Arthur's shoulders and pulls him closer, to feel his warmth. 
He breathes in the familiar fragrance of Arthur's hair, and is a little comforted.

But Arthur is still concerned.

'Kai. What is it? Tell me.'

Kai stays silent. He doesn't even know where to start.

Arthur sighs, turns on his side and reaches up stiffly with his bandaged arm, to lay a hand on Kai's chest.

'Talk to me. You'll get no rest until you do. You're as taut as a bowstring. Did you lie awake all morning?'

Kai grits his teeth as if in pain, and finally mutters reluctantly, 'I saw your face as you were watching him in that river. I've never seen you look like that before. And now…'

'And now you're worried that Arthur is perhaps no longer Arthur.'

Kai can't speak.

'I admit it. I was not myself yesterday. I let my anger get the better of me, and it took me to some dark place I've never been. But you came in time, and called me back.'

He raises himself on his elbow so he can look into Kai's troubled eyes.

'And here I am. A little older, and wiser, and very much ashamed of myself; but still Arthur. Trust me. I know that's a lot to ask, and I have no right to ask it. And we have many difficulties ahead of us, you and I. But I promise you, Kai, we will be together. If that is still what you want.' He looks away. 'And I will not blame you if it is not.'
'You know it is.' Kai's voice is rough with emotion.
Arthur shakes his head. 'I'm not sure I know anything any more.'
'Then you'll just have to trust me, too.' Kai feels his heart lighten. 'It seems we still have a long road to travel, but know this. I will stay with you to the end. No matter who you turn out to be.' 
Arthur smiles, despite the tears in his eyes. 
Kai draws his head down for a kiss. 'Will that do to be going on with?'

To judge from Arthur's response, it would seem that the answer is yes.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next morning the healers bring Kai's piebald cloak to the hut, washed, dried and mended, without a word of comment beyond the customary raised eyebrow. They are pleased to see how much Arthur has improved since their brief visit of the previous evening. But it will be at least two more days, they say severely, before Arthur is fit to travel. Meanwhile he must rest. This last is directed at Kai, who does his best to look innocent.

The day passes peacefully. Gradually, Arthur's strength is returning; he is able to eat a little, and he is given no more sleeping draughts. Kai tends him carefully and patiently, asking no questions but listening with a willing ear whenever Arthur needs to talk.

~~~~~

'Mark never set out to do me harm.'

'But he did harm you.' Kai sits down on the edge of the bed. 'What he did justifies your actions.'

Arthur shakes his head. This is the third time today they have gone over the same ground, and it is still tormenting him. ' If he had known that we were together, and tried to take you from me, then perhaps there would be an excuse for what I did. But there is none.'

'You were angry. And hurt. And I'm the one said I should kill him. I meant it, too.'

'I am ashamed of myself. I gave in to my animal nature.'

Kai looks at him with love, and decides the time has come for a more direct approach. 'It's the only thing that you're really afraid of, isn't it?'

Arthur is on his mettle at once. 'What is?'

'Losing control,' Kai says. 'Letting your anger dictate your actions, letting your guard down. That strength of yours is a two-edged sword. When it holds you up, it holds you up higher than the rest of us; but if it should fail, you fall further and harder.'

'Then I need to be sure that I never let it fail again.' There is a brittle edge to Arthur's voice. 'Because I cannot live with the shame of it.'

'I remember the first time I saw you lose your temper.' Kai chooses his words carefully. 'We were only small. You had a fight with a boy a little older; I remember being truly afraid of your fury. And there was a lot of blood. Llud leathered you good and proper and told you that your behaviour wasn't in keeping with your position. You were so ashamed, you couldn't speak to either of us; you didn't go out of the longhouse for three days. I don't even recall the boy's name or what he did to offend you. But I've never forgotten what Llud said afterwards. Do you remember?'

Arthur shakes his head. 'It was a long time ago.'

'Llud told you – told both of us – that when you do something really wrong you will never be free of your shame, but that instead of letting that shame drag at your heel and hold you back, you should take it by the throat and master it, and have it walk at your side to keep you wise. Perhaps you should take his advice.'

Arthur gives a faint smile. 'Perhaps I should. Llud's advice is usually sound. But I admit, I'd forgotten that. Or maybe I just didn't want to remember.'

He heaves a huge sigh. 'And at least I don't have Mark's death on my conscience. Thanks to those healers, and you.'

There is a short silence. Then Kai dares to ask the question he's been putting off all morning. 'Why did you save him?'

'I wasn't going to.' It isn't an easy admission for Arthur to make. 'I was going to sit there and let him drown, until I saw you there on the bank and I knew… I couldn't. You would expect Arthur to do the right thing. I had to save him. I couldn't have stayed with you knowing I was a murderer. And you would have found out what else I did, sooner or later. His body would have been found, even if I'd never found the courage to tell you myself. There would have been no way back for me if I'd let him die too. Your last shreds of regard for me would have been washed away along with him.'

'If you'd died trying to save him, I'd have thrown myself in that river too.'

'I know… I knew I had to be careful. Very careful.'

'And now we will both need to be very careful for a while.' Kai puts a hand on Arthur's shoulder. 'Or we may still both be washed away.'

That evening, Kai finds himself finally telling Arthur the whole story of Mark's assault on him. It is not an easy tale for him to tell, or for Arthur to hear, but Arthur listens patiently, holding him close.

Afterwards, they dry each other's tears, and Kai is afraid his tale will have rekindled Arthur's anger against Mark; but he is relieved to find that if anything it has had the opposite effect. Arthur is contrite. 'Kai, I am sorry. I should have asked you to tell me sooner. You told me only what you thought I needed to know, and otherwise we never spoke of it. We let it fester, like a closed wound. I never asked you to tell me the whole story and it never crossed my mind that you might be glad to do so. If we'd talked about it, brought it into the open, perhaps it would never have poisoned my thoughts as it did. And if I'd been more patient – waited until you were ready –'

Kai shakes his head. 'You wanted me too much. And when you want like that, and cannot have, it unbalances your mind. Affects your judgement.'

'Is that what happened to Mark?'

'Perhaps.' Kai is thoughtful. He feels weary and drained after laying all his shame bare to Arthur, but he is more at peace than he has been for many months. 'I am not yet ready to forgive what he did. I may never be able to do that. But I do understand it. He is one of us… one of those whom women do not satisfy.'

'He chose the wrong man,' Arthur murmurs sleepily.

Kai settles Arthur's head comfortably on his shoulder. 'I was more fortunate. I did not.'

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next day, the healers bring a message: Mark asks to speak with Arthur. They set a pitcher of mead on the table as well as one of water. It seems Arthur's recovery is nearly complete.

When they have gone, Kai helps Arthur to dress, sensing his apprehension.

Arthur pauses in the doorway. Kai sets a hand on his shoulder. 'Do you want me to come with you?'

'My thanks,' Arthur says, looking into Kai's eyes, 'but this is something I must do alone. I cannot always have you at my side, much though I might wish it.'

He kisses Kai briefly on the cheek, then resolutely pulls away and crosses the yard towards the healers' hut.

Kai feels a surge of relief, and then despises himself for his own cowardice.

He stands in the doorway and watches until Arthur is out of sight.

The morning crawls by and Kai waits anxiously, pacing the floor. After two whole days in Arthur's constant company, he is at a loss without him; the hut seems empty and dismal. Several times he almost sets out to follow Arthur, but turns back at the threshold. He is afraid Mark may hurt Arthur. He is afraid that they have made enemies of the Cornish people, at a time when they need their allies more than ever. But most of all – he is still afraid to face Mark himself. He let Arthur go alone. He was pleased that Arthur chose to go alone… He hates himself for it.

By the time Arthur comes back, wearing the same set, ice-bound expression he had on the riverbank, the pitcher of mead is empty.

Arthur can't or won't speak at first.

Kai holds him, breathless and impatient. 'What happened? What did he say? Did you –'

Arthur is stiff and resisting in his arms, and turns his head away. Kai slides his hand under Arthur's hair to rest on his cheek. But Arthur drops his head and can't meet Kai's eyes. He is shaking.

'Arthur – don't do this. Don't shut me out. Not now. Please –'

Kai's head is swimming; his need and his fear are overwhelming. Arthur pulls away and stands looking at the wall, fighting for control.

His silence is more than Kai can bear. His anxiety and shame boil over.

'I've been waiting here all morning. I need to know how things are with Mark. Tell me.'

But still Arthur makes no answer.

Kai erupts into fury. 'Talk to me, damn you!'

'I can't.' Arthur's voice is bleak. 'Not yet. I need time…'

Kai groans with frustration, strides over to the table, grabs the empty pitcher and hurls it at the wall. It shatters; his anger shatters along with it. He stands very still, staring at the jagged fragments, for a long time before he turns back to Arthur.

'I'm sorry.' He feels limp and empty. 'It's been a long morning. But it must have been ten times harder for you than for me.'

He walks quietly back to Arthur and lays a hand cautiously on his shoulder, expecting rejection; but to his relief Arthur turns willingly into his embrace. Kai holds him gingerly, as though he is some delicate thing of glass that might shatter like the pitcher, and asks no more questions.

After a while they go and sit side by side on the bench; there is a long silence. Finally Arthur speaks, in a remote, deliberate, expressionless voice as though suppressing great pain.

'I made him show me what I had done.'

Kai picks up his mead cup from the table and finds there is a little left in it. He hands it to Arthur and asks quietly,

'Was it bad?'

Arthur nods, and swallows. 'It was bad. Worse than I had allowed myself to remember. But he said – that I had done still worse damage to myself; and when I agreed, he looked at me as though he'd never seen me before…'

'And?'

'And I think, at last, we understand each other.' Arthur puts the empty cup back on the table and heaves a huge sigh. 'We are bound in mutual shame. He told me he would still like to kill me, but that, much as he personally despises me, he knows that the Celts have little chance of weathering this new Saxon onslaught if they are all fighting over the leadership. And he also admitted that he owes me his life, and he knows you were witness to that.'

'Does he think that I betrayed his confidence?'

'I told him that you did not. That I found you after his assault and drew the obvious conclusion. And that you knew me too well to believe my lies about what happened by the river.'

'And he believed you?'

Arthur looks into Kai's worried eyes. 'Why should he not?'

'He knows how things are with us.' Kai lays a hand on Arthur's thigh.

Arthur sets his own hand over Kai's. 'I know he does; and I told him again, to make sure of it. I was not kind; but I wanted him to be under no illusion that he has any prospect of ever possessing you.'

'Will he not try to kill me, for revenge against you?'

'I made him swear to me that he would never harm you.'

'And you believed him?' Kai's eyes are wide with surprise.

'It surprised me too, Kai. But yes, I did.'

Kai snorts. 'You are too trusting, Arthur.'

'No, Kai.' Arthur's tone is thoughtful. 'I have seen men lie, many times. Enough to know when a man is telling the truth. And between Mark and myself there is nothing left but the truth. He told me that he would never be able to harm you, any more than I would myself. And when I asked why I should take him at his word, he was silent a long while before saying, very grudgingly, that it was not just his body that had driven him to seek you out. And that was all he would say. But it was enough.'

There are tears in his eyes.

Kai is astonished. And not just at Mark's admission. 'You feel sorry for Mark?'

'Kai, I would be sorry for any man who had to give you up. But it's more than that. When I took revenge on him, I took more than just the skin from his back. I took much of his pride, his certainty, his authority. He will find it much harder to lead his people, after this. And for that, too, I am sorry.'

Arthur sighs heavily.

'The bull has lost his horns. He will never be the same again.'