Lonely Wives 3

Any comments, suggestions? geek_writer@yahoo.com

Check out my other stuff -
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/

Enjoy the story, and all that Copyright stuff??  The story is mine, if
you reproduce it somewhere, please let me know...
*****************************************************************************
The summer was starting great.  I had just gotten my first part-time client for my pool business and ended up with my first sexual experience as well.  I was standing in her shower, watching her soap up her sexy body while she hit me with a proposition.

"So I think it'll work really well.  You're young, have lots of energy, and you get to have sex with really hot women.  What do you think?"

Her name was Patty Johnson, she was my mom's friend, and she had just pitched an idea for a business that would allow me to make some money for college cleaning pools and doing handywork, with a serious bonus thrown in that some of my women would want to have sex with me.

I'm 16, what do you think I did?  I got instantly hard and slid my 11 inch, beefy cock into her pussy and slammed into her while she talked dirty to me about what I was going to do to all of her friends.  It seemed that she couldn't keep me all to herself when there were so many women she knew who needed service, both around the house and around their body.  Most of her friends were like her - young, sexy, and married to workaholic older men who never thought of their needs sexually, just got their rocks off and fell asleep.  

"You'd be like superman to them!  You can't come down until you orgasm 3 or 4 times you big stud, they'll never know what hit them" she said as she rinsed off and got out of the shower.  It seemed that she was right about my condition.  I started getting soft again this time.  When we had first started having sex this afternoon, my dick did stay rock hard until I had my fourth orgasm in her. 

"Guess I make a lot and I need to spend it" I joked.

She licked her lips while she toweled herself off.  "Oh god, I need a rest from that thing anyway.  You better get dressed before your mom gets worried."

So I got a long goodnight kiss and promised I would be back in two days or so to check the pool.  I rode my bike home, getting home right before dark, ate dinner, talked to my mom, and crashed...hard!
****************************************************************************

The phone rang, waking me up the next morning.  I was still rolling around in my sheets trying to wake up when my mom knocked on the door, poking her head in.  "Hey Hon...Patty just called.  She said she was talking to a friend of hers and she needs your help with the pool.  Working up quite a business, aren't ya?!?"

She smiled and me, bouncing up and down excitedly.  I creased my brow, watching my mom's excitement.  I hadn't noticed how much of my mom bounced when she jumped up and down like that.  Thoughts of Patty's big jugs jumping around as I slammed into her swam through my head while I watched my mom's nipples get harder as she gave me a kiss and walked out.

Whoa..  My mom was pretty hot, and I hadn't really noticed until now.  I shook off the incestuous thoughts, grabbed a shower and breakfast and got dressed for working.  I called Patty and she gave me the address to go to.  Said to show up around 11.

I hooked up the small trailer to my bike and pedaled out to the other side of town again.  I passed the block to Patty's house wistfully, thinking of all of the fun I had the day before.  She was a whole lot of woman, and even more so for getting me another gig.  I wondered if this would be just a job, or if there was going to be some extra as well.

I navigated my way to the Kelleher's place at the end of the block I was on.  It was a huge property, with a huge house, and as I pulled to the end of the driveway, an equally huge pool.  I hopped off my bike and was about to ring the bell when a voice called out behind me, almost making me jump out of my shoes.

"Who are you?" the voice demanded angrily.

"Umm, I'm Duncan.  Mrs. Johnson told me to be here at 11 to clean the pool?" I tried to sound convincing as I turned to face the large man behind me.

He was about 6'3", and outweighed me by about 60 pounds.  He had arms the size of my thighs and a nasty demeanor about him.  In other words, he scared the shit out of me.

"Oh yeah" he said, his expression slightly less menacing.  "Pool's around back" he said dismissing me and putting the large suitcase in the trunk of the jaguar behind him.  I let myself in through the gate and found myself faced with an olympic sized swimming pool with a diving board at one end.  I saw the pump cabin at the far end behind some bamboo trees and headed over.  Opening it up, everything looked pretty good, the ph levels, the filters were clean, all the tools I would need were there as well.

I took out the vacuum and put everything out by the side of the pool, hearing the back door close and the car start.  A high voice pitched over the gate saying, "Back in a bit, just dropping Jake off at the airport".  I answered, "Okay!" as I heard the car back out quickly down the long driveway.

I put all the pieces together and dropped the autovac into the bottom of the pool at the deep end.  It hit the bottom and started doing it's business right away so I grabbed the skimmer and started pulling out the leaves and twigs off the top.  I cleaned out the side filters and scrubbed them down, finishing up by sweeping off the deck around the pool.  There was very little to do it seemed.  Likely they had someone come in and take care of it regularly.

I heard the car pull into the driveway and turn off.  I stripped off my shirt and waded into the shallow end to check the seals at the top of the pool.  I wanted to be in cold water in case Mrs. Kelleher was too hot for words and my johnson reacted.

I had my back to the gate so when I heard it open and close, I only turned my head.  It was a REALLY good thing I was in the water because Mrs. Kelleher was a knockout.  Long black hair framed a beautiful face, her lips full, red, and pouty.  Her blue eyes sparkled as she moved closer to where I was standing.  I say moved, because she didn't walk, she glided sexily across the patio and around the pool to where I was standing, my dick getting hard regardless of the temperature of the water I was standing in.

She was in a short tennis skirt that showed off her strong tanned legs to perfection, her skin-tight top barely holding in her voluptuous chest.  She squatted down and offered her hand saying, "Hi, I'm Jenny."  Her voice had a sexy huskiness to it, almost making me mess up the pool.

"Hi Mrs. Kelleher, I'm Duncan.." I said, my voice cracking.  She chuckled, sitting down on the side of the pool, kicking off her sandals.  She put her bag down behind her and scooted forward so her legs were in the pool, sitting right in front of me.  She spread her legs slightly, allowing me to see her underwear.  The thing was, she didn't have any on!!

"Mmmm, aren't you delicious.  Nice big pecs, strong arms....Tsk Tsk, naughty boy, looking up my skirt."  I looked at her, but she was smiling brightly.  "Patty said you were hot, but she didn't say you were this hot.  What say we cut the bullshit?  Come on inside with me, and i'll suck you off until you blow your load all over my big tits, okay?"

My jaw dropped as she got up, grabbed her bag and shoes and walked to the back door.  I jumped quickly out of the pool and followed her.

She held the backdoor open, waiting for me, her eyes travelling to my crotch.  She shut the door behind her and pushed me against it.  "A few things first.  I watched the plane take off, so yes my husband is gone.  I am on the pill, so we don't have to worry about that.  The only thing we have to worry about is Samantha my stepdaughter, but she won't be home for a while."

"Now, about that blow job..." she purred, dropping to her knees.  She put her hands on my knees and dragged her long nails up the backs of them, making my balls twitch alarmingly.  My cock jumped in my pants in anticipation.  I looked down at her burning gaze as she unhooked the top button and began to slowly pull down the zipper.  My cock was an iron post in my shorts, so it didn't move much when she slid down my boxers, revealing eleven inches of pulsing red trouser snake.

"Jesus" she breathed, licking her lips.  She reached out with both hands and chuckled when she saw that she couldn't get either one all the way around it.  She kissed the purpled helmet, sliding her tongue along the slit in the top, her hand moving down to massage my balls.  

"Suck it baby, suck my big meat" I whispered cautiously.  Her eyes widened at my comment.  She moved down to the base of the shaft, and stuck her tongue out.  She massaged my balls while she ran her long tongue from base to tip, bathing the cockknob in spit.  She ran her fingers under my balls and started playing with my ass while she crammed more and more meat into her mouth and throat.  I could feel the head begin to slide down the back of her throat as she hummed deep in her chest.  Watching this gorgeous woman's head bob up and down on my cock was too much.  I reached out and grabbed her hair and forced more cock down her throat.  She gagged slightly, but held onto the cheeks of my ass as she tried to accomodate me.  I let her up for air every 3rd stroke and soon I was sliding in and out of her throat easily.  It was just too much as I moaned, "Ungh, where do you want it baby?"  I pulled back as she kneeled back on her heels, whipping her shirt up, exposing her big braless tits.  

"Ooooh, all over my big titties baby...Mmmmm" she purred as I unloaded shot after shot of hot sticky sperm all over her chest.  I was beating off madly, come flying all over her chest.

"Yeaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh baby, nice hot come for Jenny..."  She licked her lips, getting a glob of sperm from her chin.  I slowed down my strokes as she used her hands to rub the come into her globes.  From the way they were swaying, I realized that they were the real thing.  Either that of a REALLY good boob job.

Regardless of what they were, I wanted em.  I stepped up, spit on my hand, rubbed it around the head and shaft, and pulled her slightly upright, wedging my meat between her tits.  Something came over me as I said, "Yeah, you have big fat fuckin tits Jenny.  Need to get off one more time before I start banging your pussy with this big thing..."  Her eyes got wide and she moaned, mashing her tits together around my shaft.  I pumped it up and down in her cleavage, talking dirty, watching her cheeks flush as she got hotter and hotter.

"That's right Jenny, I got a big fuckin dick.  If you're nice to me, I may cram the whole fucker in your hot wet pussy and fuck you till you scream.  You know I can do it too, don't you??"

"Oh god yes, Oh shit I have to have this thing...Fuck me baby, fuck my tits so you can slide that big fucker all the way in me!"  She used her arms to keep them together, her hands grabbing my ass and pulling me closer.

"Mmmm, your tits feel good baby. Nice and hot and soft, and sticky.  Mmmmm, yeah.  I like this you hot bitch.  Suck the head, suck it good when it pops out of your big tits."

"Mmm yes...Oh it tastes so good.  Come in my mouth so you can fuck me..." she pleaded.

"Yeah, you want this meat don't you?  How bad to you want it?"

"Oh god, I have to have it.  Please...Please come in my mouth so you can bang the shit out of my pussy...Oh GOD"

I just leered at her and banged her tits harder, feeling the boiling begin in my nuts.  I waited until I was almost ready before pulling it out of her tits and shoving it in her mouth.

"Eat it baby, eat my come!" I yelled as I unloaded orgasm number two into her waiting mouth.  "Suck me dry bitch, and maybe I'll stick this big fucker right up your ass..."

The suction increased dramatically as she reached under her skirt and fingered herself madly.  She came quickly as I finished shooting sperm into her mouth.  Sitting back on her heels, she wiped her mouth, breathing heavily.  The kitchen table was right behind her, so when she stood up, I pushed her back into it.  Not even bothering to take her skirt off, I pushed her flat onto the table, pulled her legs towards me so her ass was hanging off the table, and pushed my still hard cock into her.

She screamed loudly as I ploughed into her roughly.  At first I thought I had hurt her, but her legs wrapped around behind me and pulled me in.  Her cunt was slick and wet and tight as hell.  I barreled in all the way in 3 or 4 hard strokes.  

"God, fuck me you stud, fuck my hot pussy now!  PLEASE oh jesus!" she moaned as I began to slide it in and out of her hot box.  

"Mmm nice and tight" I said.  "Hot fuckin pussy just needs a big fuckin cock to make it feel good.  Does that feel good?  You feel every vein in my big dick?"

"Oh jesus it's perfect.  It's hot and fat and hard and it's in me deep!  Yessss, you fucker.  Do me!  Harder you fuck!  Fuck me!"

I guessed we had switched roles now, her need making her more dominant.  "Yes mistress.  Your wish is my command. " I replied, slamming my dick into her.

"Oooo yeah baby.  Mmmm hmmmm.  That's it.  Nice deep, long strokes.  Bang me, fuck me." she directed, her big firm tits dancing around in circles as I changed my thrust from a straight banging to attacking her cunt from the sides.

"Oh shit, you are hitting my gee spot!  Don't stop that you naughtly little fucker.  Harder harder!"

I reared my hips back and gave her long deep strokes, driving her wild.  Her constant moaning and commanding me were turning me on like nothing ever had before.  I slid my pole in and out of her cunt, leaving only the head in on the back stroke, and slamming my hips into her on the forward stroke.  She grabbed her knees and pulled them back to allow me deeper access to her cunt.  I could feel the walls spasming along my cock as she screamed and came all over my cock, juices from her pussy spilling out over my balls and the table.

I let her hump on my cock for a few minutes more, my strokes slowing but not stopping.  When she finally regained her breath and opened her eyes, she smiled.  "Good god you've got a nice dick.  I can see why Patty wanted to share.  We've got about an hour until my step-daughter comes home.  Let's go upstairs!"

I slid my still hard pole out of her, picked up my pants and her clothes, and followed her out the door and up the stairs.  We practically ran into the master bedroom, flying onto the bed and rolling into one another.  It took her all of two seconds to roll on top of me and seat herself onto my cock.  "Oooooh GOD this is good.  This is such a big dick sliding in and out of my pussy..."  She started describing everything that we were doing, every position change...almost like she was talking to someone.  As she got more hot and bothered and moaned more than spoke, I thought I heard something coming from the closet.  Every time I tried to get a better look she shoved her big sticky tits in my face.  Distracted by the hard nipple in my mouth, I forgot about the feeling and flexed my hips off the bed, allowing her to ride her cunt up and down my long pole.  

"Oh god, I think I'm going to come again, YES!!!" she screamed, lunging violently all the way down my cock.  I flipped her over onto her back and slipped my cock out of her while she was still writhing on the bed.

"What are you going to do?" she wondered out loud.  "You're not going to shove that thing in my ass are you?"  I detected a tone of humor, as well as the fact that she was talking really loudly.  Before she could stop me, I got off the bed and walked over to the closet.  Sure enough, I could hear someone breathing heavily.

"Duncan, Don't!" she said emphatically.  
"Why not?  Someone's in there!" I said, a bit upset.
"Just don't, Please?" she implored.  I looked back at her on the bed, she was sitting up on her knees, her hands reaching out for me.  "Please..." she repeated.

I sensed that I was not ready for whatever or whoever was in the closet, so I turned away after staring through the slats in the door.  I could see someone inside, but it was too dark to make out any features of the person, but by the smell, I could tell it was female and she was getting herself off.

I whispered softly so only the person in the closet could hear, "If you're going to watch, at least crack the door so you can see me fucking her in her ass!"  I heard a moan and heard the door crack open a little as I went back to the bed.  I didn't waste any time with foreplay, I was pissed.  She was playing me in some weird ass game and I meant to take it out on her.

"On your hands and knees!" I demanded, my long prick sticking out in front of me like a weapon.  She scrambled around as I commanded before I had even reached the bed.  I seated the head of my dick in her pussy and slammed inside, coating my cock with her juices.  I pulled it out and wiped it all off into one hand.  "Pull your cheeks apart!"

She did so, leaning her shoulders down into the bed, spreading her ass cheeks widely.  I ran my coated hand up and down over her butthole, getting it all nice and juicy.  "Tell her what I am doing.  Describe everything so she can feel it." 

"Ohhhhh, he's putting the huge head on my asshole, I can feel the heat of it.  Oh yeah, I am relaxing my muscles so he can ...ungh!  can...ooooh OH! Pop the head in my butt.  Damn Duncan, it's fuckin huge."

I thrust forward slightly, burying an inch inside her tight ass.  "Ungh!  Oh God, it's fucking huge!  He's sliding his cock into my ass, and it fucking hurts!  And it feels AMAZING at the same time!  Oh god, i've never felt so full in my life, he's sliding it in more now and it's filling me up"  She was panting by now, fighting between forcing me out of her ass and relaxing to let me in further.  I could feel her resistance beginning to go down as my dick slid in and out of her asshole nice and easily.  She was incredibly tight and flexed her ass muscles every few strokes to grip my cock.

"His big dick is all the way in me, oh my god it feels sooooo goooood.  I can feel his heavy balls hitting my pussy too, wow am I wet!"  I slid in and out of her ass, her moans getting louder and louder.   I could hear the person in the closet whispering "Yes...Fuck her harder" which really turned me on.  I hadn't realized that I would find someone watching to be a turn on, but it was really doing the trick.  I really began reaming her asshole, her moans and screams becoming louder and louder.  

"I'm gonna shoot it in ya" I barely managed to yell as I lunged into her, burying my cock to the hilt.  I had 12 inches of hard meat encased in her bowels as I blew my white hot load into her.  She began to shudder violently as I felt her fingertips on my balls.  She must have been frigging her clit furiously while I was fucking her in the ass.  Her hand didn't stop until my cock began to shrivel and slip out of her.  She rolled over onto her side, gasping.  Looking down, I was coated in a thick slime, but no shit.  "Amazing what the body can handle" I admitted to myself.

Several seconds later, I heard a loud cry from the closet as the other person came.  I could hear her breathing heavily, along with shuddering breaths taken while after shocks rocked her body.  I itched to throw open the doors, but I had a feeling that it would cause a lot of trouble, though I couldn't figure out why.

"Shower..Please...help..." Jenny pleaded from the bed.

I helped Jenny into the shower, washing off my cock and groin.  She stood under the jet and let the water run off her body.  "You better get downstairs and outside before Sam comes home from camp.  Hang out till she gets here and then split."  She looked up at me, breathing heavily.  "Duncan, that has got to be the most amazing experience of my life.  I can see why Patty can't take more than a day of this..."

I nodded and dried off, grabbing my pants on the way through the bedroom.  I saw that the door to the closet was open even more, but when I peeked in, it was empty.  Whoever it was had beat a hasty retreat.  I made my way downstairs after putting my pants back on, and jumped right into the pool.  I actually got the vacuum working well before I heard someone park their bike in the garage.  She went in the door I couldn't see, but I heard a very young voice yell "I'm HOME Jenny"

I jumped out of the pool and gathered up my stuff, putting it in the wagon.  I rode home and stored my stuff in the garage.  Mom was in the kitchen when I came in.  "Hey hon, dinner will be in about 20 minutes.  Do you need to take a shower or anything?  How was it?"

"It was fine.  I just have chlorine on me, their pool is okay.  Just did some work on the seal and repaired an edge or two."

"Just fine? Is that all?  Hmmmm.  I hope they are paying you well for all your work..."
I smiled and didn't say anything.


----------------
-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com  The more feedback I get, the more I want to write!

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/  