My Mesh Top & Shorts 
From: FREEBUFFING Jun-10 1:05 am 
To: ALL (1 of 4) 
22.1 
It was hot again yesterday. I had to go to the store, so I put on a black mesh tank top and some jeans. My daughter told me that she could clearly see my nipple ring. When I got back home, I took off the jeans, and put on a pair of black mesh shorts. I'd just given myself a really close bush trim, the day before, but you could still see right through them. I hadn't intended on going anywhere, but in my back yard, and figured the only one who would see me whould be any neighbors that happened to look out of their windows, but a repair guy showed up to do some work on my gazebo, and he couldn't help but notice. 
It's supposed to be hotter tomorrow!
 
From: JODDIE1 Jun-22 1:35 pm 
To: ALL (2 of 4) 
22.2 in reply to 22.1 
I enjoy those mesh tops too but I occasionally wear one that might be more mesh than some. I have a couple that the average nipple ring would be through the holes. 
I also have a couple crochet shirts that the holes range from the size of a grape to a plumb. Wearing them for the first time was a challenge, the pattern in the shirt had a tighter woven area around the nipples but the slightest movement and the full nipple was out. I have learned to enjoy them as much as the average mesh shirt. I walked into Mc Donalds wearing it one day while there weren't too many people in there, it seemed to stay centered fairly well while I was at the counter and it didn't take but a minute for the eyes in the food prep area to wonder over the counter. As The counter girl handed me the bag I stretched a bit too far (by accident you know) and the left nipple popped thru into full view for a few seconds. She immediately saw it but only said thank you for comming to Mc Donalds. 
I really enjoy the feeling of someone seing my nipples in a public place, it catches every one off guard and they don't really know how to remark about it consequently nobody ever does, some simply smile. 
How large are the holes in your favorite crochet shirt and where have you worn it?
 
From: Trish (TRISHLANDIN) Jun-22 2:45 pm 
To: JODDIE1 (3 of 4) 
22.3 in reply to 22.2 
Speaking of crochet, I've noticed that crochet bikinis are starting to come back. I hear that they were popular in the late '60s and early '70s. Well now they're appearing in some stores and online shops. Ujena Swimwear offers one, but the crochet has a closer knit in all the strategic places, which sort of spoils the fun, I think. And I also feel their bikini has too much material. But check it out for yourself online at: 
http://ujena.com/store/detail.html?rs=2774&t=t1000 
and see what YOU think. 
What I really want is a super tiny crochet string bikini with a knit that, up close, lets you get a real peek at "what's inside." Wearing something like that would make me feel so incredibly sexy. I'd enjoy it more than one of those bikinis that are see-thru when wet. So, if you happen to find anything like this, please let me know! 
Meanwhile, if the mesh or sheer style appeals more to you, Ujena offers a few of those. Check out gauze and semisheer bikinis that are see-thru when wet at: 
http://www.ujena.com/store/listing.html?t=t1000&v=&p=45 
http://www.ujena.com/store/listing.html?t=t1000&v=&p=105 
The bottoms, however, don't seem to be fully see-thru in front. To get something that racy, you may need to go to Wicked Weasel of Australia. For a bikini top that's sheer even when dry, though, Ujena offers this item: 
http://www.ujena.com/store/detail.html?t=t1000&rs=2917&v= 
Enjoy! 
-- Trish 
 
From: LAURAZINN Jun-22 4:33 pm 
To: JODDIE1 (4 of 4) 
22.4 in reply to 22.2 
I have a white, fishnet half-cut cutoff top that I wear in a certain beach area where I sometimes sunbathe topless. But I only put it on when I've stopped sunning myself and am strolling along among crowds and vendors and such. It's really a lot of fun to examine some vendor's hand-craft jewelry or whatever while I let the vendor examine me. The strands of the netting are thin enough and far enough apart that everything can be seen. And the whole thing fits on loosely enough that if I lean forward it sags and makes it easy for someone behind me to get a full view up under the top. 
Just today, I did this sort of thing while wearing the tiniest bikini bottoms I have. I'd gotten them from Wicked Weasel and there is only an extremely small triangle of fabric in front and nothing but a slender string in back. Since these bottoms tie at the sides, I was able to try an experiment and have them ride VERY loosely on me. They felt like they were going to slip down onto my thighs. And if I carelessly moved in a certain way, they would pouch in front, making it possible for someone in front of me to see right down them. So I was very careful. Still, when I was looking over this one vendor's wares, I noticed that he got really agitated. By his eye movements, I think his problem was he couldn't decide whether to look at my breasts or my bikini bottoms. He was really breathing heavy, so I decided to move on and retie my bikini a little more securely (while some other guys stopped in their tracks and really gawked at me). 
By the way, Wicked Weasel bikinis and accessories can be found online at http://wickedweasel.com/index.asp. They offer what I think are the tiniest bikinis available anywhere. 
Laura 
 

This file is from the "Dressing Dangerously" Yahoo! Group at: http://http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Dressing-Dangerously/ 
E-mail the manager, Trish Landin, at: Trish_E_Landin@Yahoo.com . 
