It hits him low and warm in the stomach as they walk in the motel room door. They’re going to have sex. Dean’s going to fuck him.

Sam hasn’t actually been on the receiving end before, but he isn’t nervous. It’s Dean, and Dean is going to make it feel fucking awesome. Sam’s already more than happy with the way his brother’s dick fills his mouth—he isn’t as long as Sam but he’s thicker, and heavier—and he’s pretty sure that the curve to Dean will be just right to hit that sparking place inside.

Across the room, Dean starts to take off his coat and, on impulse, Sam shoots forward and covers his brother’s hands with his own. Dean glances at him, startled, and then snorts with amusement as Sam slides his jacket off for him.

“Let me,” Sam murmurs, pressing a kiss to the nape of Dean’s neck.

Dean leans back into him, languid and easy. When Sam slides his hands underneath his brother’s shirt and bites down on the tender skin that he just kissed, Dean’s back arches and he makes a low sound that’s half-growl and half-moan. Sam sucks on the piece of skin in his mouth while running his hands across his brother’s stomach, slowly pushing Dean’s shirt up until his fingers are rubbing across his nipples.

“Fucking tease,” Dean groans, but he doesn’t make any move to get away, and Sam can smell his arousal thick on the air.

Sam scrapes over one erect nipple with his fingernail and then forces himself to release his brother’s neck, giving the reddened skin a soothing swipe of his tongue as he lifts his head again. “Mine,” he whispers.

“Possessive much?” Dean asks, the words half-smothered by the cloth of his shirt as Sam finally pulls it over his head.

Once it’s free, Sam drops it on the floor and nuzzles the slowly forming bruise. “Let it stay,” he whispers, and Dean shudders. “I want to see it. I want to be able to touch it in the car, want you to feel it …”

“Jesus Christ, Sam,” Dean blurts, and then he spins in Sam’s arms and tugs at his jacket. “Get naked. Now, damn it.”

“I will if you stop getting in the way,” Sam tells him, slapping Dean’s interfering hands away and working the buttons on his shirt himself. The cougar takes over for a few seconds, slowing their hands, teasing, and Dean makes a frustrated noise.

“Oh, for the love of—” He grabs Sam’s shirt and pulls, sending buttons popping.

The cougar snorts amusement and Sam gives it a mental shove while Dean manhandles him out of the rag that used to be his best shirt.

Thanks a lot.

::You can get a new skin,:: it reminds him, and then uses his mouth to nip at Dean’s ear.

Dean rolls his head, dislodging Sam and nudging him to one side, and then latches onto the vulnerable skin of his throat just under his jaw. Sam groans and the cougar’s satisfied purr fills him.

Could you—please—shut up?

He half expects the cougar to be offended, but it just tumbles against his insides playfully and recedes a little, letting him concentrate on the fact that Dean has his jeans undone and is trying to push them down. Sam shuffles back a step and works them off himself before Dean gets frustrated enough to ruin his entire outfit.

When he’s naked, he looks back up to find his brother barefoot and opening his own jeans, eyes fastened on Sam. “You’re fucking gorgeous, you know that?” Dean says as Sam closes the distance between them again. He lets Dean unzip his own pants, taking the opportunity to trace across the freckles on Dean’s chest with his tongue.

“Gimme a fucking second,” Dean grunts, struggling awkwardly to get his pants and boxers off while keeping his torso still. “I can’t think straight when you do that.”

That makes two of us, Sam thinks, but he makes himself behave long enough for Dean to hop on one leg and then the other and then they’re both naked and hard and Dean is pressed up against him again.

“Okay,” Dean pants. “Go ahead.”

Sam obediently bends his neck, arrowing in on his spot—his constellation—and working the flesh with his lips and tongue and teeth. Dean threads his fingers in Sam’s hair, clutching, and hisses. His dick bumps Sam’s leg and Sam moans around the flesh in his mouth at the sudden, very vivid image of that hot, soft flesh plunging into him.

“I sent—Jesus fuck—I sent the furrball away,” Dean says, sliding one hand from Sam’s head down to his shoulder blade. “Want—just us right now, okay?”

Sam doesn’t even have to ask. The cougar obediently shifts further away, taking itself as far as it can go with one last, parting thought. ::Good mating.::

He forces his head up from Dean’s skin to tell him that they’re as alone as they’re ever going to get and gets distracted by his brother’s lips. He kisses Dean as firmly as Dean kissed him earlier, walking them both backward toward the bed.

“Alone,” he finally manages during a pause they both take to breathe, and Dean licks into his mouth around the word, devouring it.

“Good,” he pants back, dropping his hands lower and gripping Sam’s cock. “Now get your ass in the bed.” But he’s working Sam’s cock now with those slow, teasing strokes that he knows drive Sam crazy, and if he thinks Sam can do anything but pant when he does that, then he’s fucking insane.

Then Dean edges forward, biting along Sam’s collarbone, and the last fragments of coherent thought go out the window. Sam clings to his brother, digging his fingers into Dean’s skin—smooth beneath his left hand, roughened thickness of the burn scar beneath his right—and makes choked noises that only seem to encourage his brother.

Gonna, he thinks. Fuck, gonna—

He tries to utter a warning, but the best he can manage is “Ung,” and then he’s coming, spilling sudden and hot. Dean lifts his head immediately, looking down at Sam’s cock as it twitches out the last bit of his orgasm with lust-fogged confusion on his face. Sam is still drifting in the warm laziness of a successful climax when his brother’s expression shifts to annoyance.

“Oh, give me a break,” Dean mutters.

Sam hums softly and bumps their heads together. “Still gonna put out,” he mumbles, going for Dean’s mouth. Dean kisses him back for a second and then breaks free.

“Yeah, you are,” he says, and shoves Sam backwards onto the bed. Sam lays there, comfortably lethargic, while Dean crawls on top of him. His brother is holding his come-covered hand carefully off the sheets, and as he straddles Sam’s stomach, he offers him a slow smirk and starts to lick his fingers.

Oh, fuck that isn’t fair.

“Shit,” Sam mutters faintly as his half-hard cock makes a valiant attempt to come again.

Dean licks until his hand is clean and then shifts back until he’s sitting on Sam’s ankles. Sam has caught his breath a little by now, and he lifts himself up on his elbows. Dean is leaning forward, and Sam can’t help but twitch nervously.

“Don’t you need lube?” he asks.

Dean ignores the question and closes his mouth around Sam’s spent cock. Swearing, Sam bucks up hard enough that Dean has to clamp his hands on Sam’s hips to force him back down. His tongue slides easily around Sam as he sucks, insistent and intent. It hurts, too much on orgasm-sensitive flesh, but at the same time it feels great, and in the end Sam just drops his head back against the pillows and lets his brother work.

Dean breaks out every trick he knows, alternating between cock and balls until Sam is hard and needy again. His hands are probably leaving bruises holding Sam’s hips still against the bed, but Sam can’t stop himself from trying to buck up into the teasing suckling and licks.

“Stop—shit—stop fucking around!” he growls, and Dean pulls off.

He pulls off, the bastard, and gives Sam a lopsided grin while tracing two fingers across the red, throbbing skin of Sam’s erection.

“Try and keep it up this time, Sammy,” he says, and then jumps off of Sam with an easy grace, like he isn’t sporting a painful-looking erection himself.

Sam blinks at the ceiling while Dean scrounges around in their things. He’s trying to scrape together enough brain cells to figure out why he would need to keep it up. It isn’t like he has to have an erection for Dean to—

Oh. Oh fuck.

Dean reappears with a tube of KY in one hand and climbs back on top of him. “I picked up a few different kinds,” he announces, “But I think we’re gonna stick with Old Faithful for now. We can play with the other ones later.” His grin is as easy as ever, but Sam can catch the sour edge of nervousness around the edges of his brother’s scent.

“Dean, I can’t—I thought you were gonna—”

Dean isn’t looking at him—is concentrating on uncapping the tube in his hands—but Sam can tell he’s paying attention. “Gonna what?” he asks with feigned lightness.

Sam flushes, trying very hard to be virtuous while his dick is proclaiming just how happy it is with this turn of events, and then makes himself say, “You said you wanted to fuck me.”

“Hate to break it to you, Sammy, but this is fucking.” The top of the tube finally pops off and Dean tenses a little more. God, he isn’t ready. He’s so far from ready it isn’t funny.

“You know what I mean,” Sam says, but he still isn’t making any attempt to get away. He’s letting Dean grab his right hand and squeeze a generous amount of lube onto his fingers. The KY is cold, a minor shock, and slicker than he remembers from his experiments in college.

“It’s gonna be fine,” Dean says—as much to reassure himself as to calm Sam, Sam thinks. Putting the tube down on the bed next to them, he swings a leg over Sam so that he’s straddling his stomach again. “Come on, do it.”

“Dean,” Sam says weakly, but it isn’t quite a protest. He lets Dean bring his hand around to his entrance. Brushes one slicked finger along the crease in his brother’s ass of his own accord and feels Dean jump a little. Dean catches himself almost immediately and clenches his jaw. Stubborn.

Sam’s breath catches as his brother reaches back and spreads himself open with one hand while tightening his grip on Sam’s wrist with the other. Sam’s fingertips brush against Dean’s opening and he can’t quite catch the moan that slips out from his lips.

“You sure?” he breathes, rubbing his index finger around the soft indentation.

“If you make me say it one more time, I swear to God I will cut you off for a month,” Dean says. Then, before Sam knows what’s happening, he forces Sam’s hand higher and breaches himself on his finger.

Dean’s hand immediately loosens on his wrist. He drops his head forward and squeezes his eyes shut in concentration. His chest is heaving: sweat shining over the bite marks that Sam left on the ginkgo-shaped patch of freckles. Sam keeps his finger very, very still and tries to ignore his dick’s frantic signals to get on with it already.

They stay there in frozen silence for almost two entire minutes, and then Dean’s body finally begins to relax. His erection has shrunk noticeably, but Sam takes comfort in the fact that his brother isn’t actually limp.

“You want me to stop?” he asks.

“No,” Dean says. “No, just—go slow, okay?”

Sam nods, thinking that it’s a good thing Dean already got him off once. Otherwise, as long as it’s going to take to prep his brother, he probably would have shot off before he got more than two fingers inside of him.

Carefully, he pushes his finger deeper. When his first knuckle slips inside, Dean makes a low noise and drops forward to lean on his hands. Sam instantly stops to wait.

The pause is shorter this time, and it’s only about a minute before Dean gives him a little nod. Sam pushes forward on a slow, even motion that bottoms out at the base of his finger.

“Jesus,” Dean hisses, biting his lower lip. Then Sam folds his finger, angling down, and Dean’s entire body jumps. “Jesus,” he says louder, and in a completely different tone.

Swallowing, Sam rubs against the small spot with tiny circles. He can feel the shocks shooting through his brother’s body, and he can certainly see the effect on his brother’s cock. He works Dean until he’s fully erect again and then eases off.

“Gonna open you up now, okay?” he says.

Dean’s eyes are still squeezed shut, but he nods. “Yeah. Yeah, do it.”

Sam works with his index finger alone for a few minutes, moving it in and out until the slide is easy and frictionless. Then he removes it completely to relube, slicking his middle finger with fresh KY as well.

“Two,” he warns, positioning his fingers at his brother’s entrance.

As Sam pushes forward, Dean makes a broken noise and shifts his legs wider. His erection starts to wilt again and Sam grabs his cock with his free hand. When he jacks it, Dean bucks forward involuntarily. The backward slide of his thrust accidentally slots Sam’s fingers deep and Dean lets out a choked cry.

“Shit,” Sam swears. He shifts his hand from his brother’s cock to his side. “You okay? Dean? You with me?”

“F-forgot,” Dean manages, trembling.

“Forgot what?” Sam asks because otherwise he’ll have to ask if Dean wants him to stop and he doesn’t think he can at this point. Dean feels too tight and warm around his fingers.

“How it feels,” Dean says, and makes another short buck, fucking himself back on Sam’s fingers. The bottom drops out of Sam’s stomach and his dick gives a greedy twitch.

“Jesus Christ, Dean,” he breathes.

“More,” Dean groans, rocking with slow, steady motions. “I can—more—”

“Okay, just—fuck, just let me—” Sam pulls his fingers free gently—has to bite his lip to stop himself from coming at the disappointed noise Dean makes when he does—and then squeezes more slick onto his fingers.

When he pushes in this time, his brother’s body takes him only reluctantly, and Dean’s breathing goes ragged. “Wait,” he groans, twisting his body. “Wait, fuck—”

Sam pauses but doesn’t pull the tips of his fingers out. No matter how carefully he does this, at some point Dean’s muscles are going to complain. “It’s gonna hurt a little,” he says. “I can go back to two, try and open you up a little more, but it’s still going to burn.”

“S’not that, it—just—flashback—I’m okay.” He lets out a shuddering breath and repeats, more firmly, “I’m okay.”

“It’s just me, Dean,” Sam says, and strokes his brother’s side. “Use your nose, okay? And open your eyes so you can see me.”

Dean slowly opens his eyes, lime green with the wolf’s withdrawal and slightly dazed. “It, uh, helps to hear you,” he says, carefully pushing back and taking Sam’s fingers deeper.

“Okay,” Sam says, and starts up a slow, repetitive litany of ‘beautiful’, and ‘love you’, and ‘Dean,’ while he opens his brother up. It takes almost five minutes, but Dean finally relaxes again and starts rocking himself back and forth on Sam’s fingers with breathy, punched exhales.

“You want four?” Sam asks when he’s sliding fast and easy.

“Do I—do I need it?” Dean asks.

The implicit trust in that question sends an overwhelming wave of warmth through Sam. As vulnerable and broken as his brother is right now, he trusts Sam to know what he needs, to make this good for him, to take care of him. Sam has to still Dean's movements with his free hand until the pressure in his chest eases and he can think straight again.

Then he says, “It’s gonna burn either way. My fingers aren’t long enough to open you up completely.”

“If you weren’t such a goddamned yeti, that wouldn’t be a problem,” Dean pants and tosses his head, flecking Sam with droplets of sweat. “Okay, let’s just—get it over with.”

And just like that, all of the raging need that Sam has been building up damps down, like a fire Dean has tossed a bucket of sand on.

“If that’s all it’s gonna be, we’re not doing it at all,” he says. “This is—Dean, this is a lot already. We don’t have to do anymore tonight. I can get you off like this.” He twists his fingers and draws a sharp breath from his brother.

“I didn’t mean it like that,” Dean snaps, hitching his hips up and pulling free from Sam’s fingers. “I want to do this. I just—getting there is gonna be a bitch.”

“I know,” Sam says, running his hand along Dean’s side reassuringly. “That’s why I’m telling you we can wait. Do this part until you’re comfortable, and then, maybe—”

Dean shuts him up by kissing him, which is just as effective as his punches used to be and a hell of a lot pleasanter. Sam can taste his brother’s desire on his lips and his interest in the proceedings rekindles. He’s struck by a sudden yearning to see what his fingers have done to Dean’s ass: wants to see his brother open and ready and shiny with lube. Arousal builds in him, strong and honey-thick, and he breaks the kiss.

“We don’t do this right now and we won’t be able to do it at all,” he warns.

Dean laughs at him: part nerves, part genuine amusement. “We’re gonna have to work on your stamina, Sammy.”

“It’s not my fault you drive me nuts,” Sam mutters, stealing another quick kiss before leaning up on one elbow and reaching for the lube again.

Dean beats him to it, upending the tube and squeezing the rest out into his palm. Then, crawling backwards into position, he grips Sam’s cock and starts slathering it with lube. Sam snaps his head back into the pillow and digs his nails into his own thigh. Dean laughs at him again.

“Gonna have to get you a cock ring, man.”

Sam’s too busy not coming to answer.

Dean takes pity on him and releases Sam once he’s done coating his cock, giving him a chance to catch his breath. Then, sitting back on his heels, he asks, “You gonna shoot before we get started?”

“Oh, fuck you, Dean,” Sam grumbles.

Dean gives him a smirk that falters as he lifts up over Sam’s cock. Serious now, he meets Sam’s eyes and says, “You’ve gotta let me drive, okay?”

“Yeah,” Sam says. He puts one hand on his own thigh, ready to dig his fingers in if he needs to bring himself back from the edge in one way or another, and puts the other—fingers still lube-slick—on Dean’s hip.

Dean grips his cock, starts to adjust it upward and loses his grip. Sam would laugh but he’s too involved with how intent Dean is, lips pursed into a frown and eyes narrowed. Determination in every clench of his muscles. Gripping Sam again, more firmly this time, Dean aligns them and then searches out Sam’s eyes.

“I love you,” Sam breathes.

Dean doesn’t say anything, but the way he lowers himself down is answer enough.

Panic flutters in his eyes as Sam breaches him, and the wethotperfectslide of him constricts nervously. Sam can’t force words past the tightness of his throat, but Dean makes himself relax on his own after a few seconds and lowers himself further. It’s a smooth, tight fit about halfway down and then Sam feels the pressure of unopened, deeper regions. Dean’s thighs are trembling, and his inner walls are jerking wildly against Sam’s cock.

“We can stop,” Sam grunts. He’s thinking of nominating himself for sainthood for just managing to suggest it.

Dean shoots him a scornful glance and then shoves down in one long slide. Sam digs his nails into his own thigh hard enough to draw blood and somehow, miraculously, manages not to come.

Dean is flush on top of him, balls resting on Sam’s stomach and cock only slightly softened by the shock of penetration. Every muscle in his body is taut, and his head is thrown back, exposing the long, vulnerable line of his throat. Rivulets of sweat snake down the skin there and onto his chest: one drop beads on the nub of his nipple. Sam slides his hand from his brother’s hip to his lower stomach, splaying his fingers. He’s half-stunned by the fact that, somewhere back behind his hand, he’s inside of Dean.

After a few minutes of blissful, strained silence, Sam croaks, “You okay?”

Dean drops his head down again and licks his lips. It takes him a second or so to find Sam’s eyes with his own. “Should’ve laced your milk with coffee,” he says weakly. “Stunted your growth.”

“If I’m too big—” Sam fumbles, self-conscious.

Dean’s smile is sudden and shockingly tender. “Hey, man,” he says, finding Sam’s cheek with one hand and stroking. “I fucking love your cock. Just gonna take a little getting used to.”

And Sam realizes that Dean’s eyes are thick with lust and a little pain, but they’re clear. Dean is here with him, and he isn’t freaking out.

“You’re okay,” he breathes.

“Be better when we get this show on the road,” Dean grunts, starting to shift himself up again. “Christ, you’re huge.”

This time Sam utters a breathy laugh at the grumble, holding himself still as his brother works himself open with slow, shallow movements. Dean grins back and then grimaces as his body moves a little too fast. Closing his eyes, he concentrates on what he’s doing again, and after a few seconds Sam is clinging to the bedspread to keep from thrusting up and getting this show on the road himself before Dean's ready for it.

The drag of Dean’s tight channel against his cock is so fucking perfect. He’s just as tight as he was in the dream, and even hotter. And he can smell Dean now: loam and almonds wreathing him as Dean pumps up and down above him.

As Dean loosens, he speeds his rhythm until he’s riding Sam with quick, hard movements. He braces himself on Sam’s chest, palm over his heart and fingers curling into his skin, and rocks back and forth. Sweat is dripping off of him everywhere, and his skin is flushed.

Dean rolls his hips, working Sam’s cock deeper, and choked off cries and moans stutter from his lips. Neither one of them is talking any more: Sam can’t pull together enough to manage a single ‘Dean’ or ‘yes’. Too much of his concentration is focused on not thrusting up the way he wants to for him to do anything other than pant and moan.

Dean switches hands on Sam’s chest suddenly, bringing his right down to work at his cock. When Sam realizes what his brother is after, he shoves Dean’s hand to one side, grateful to finally have something to do: something else to focus on aside from the soft slick around his own cock.

It only takes a few clumsy, rough strokes and Dean comes with not just a moan or a cry but an actual, full-throated shout. He keeps fucking down on Sam as his dick spurts, splattering Sam’s stomach and chest. Sam wants to follow him over, but he’s been fighting off his orgasm for so long now that he doesn’t remember how to let go. He’s still hard and hungry when Dean finally slumps, dropping forward onto Sam’s chest and smearing his own come between them and pulling Sam into a sloppy, open-mouthed kiss.

Sam kisses his brother back because he can’t not, and after a moment, the godpleaseletmecomealready signals that his balls are sending ease. Dean’s muscles are still fluttering around him, but the stimulation feels good again instead of half-painful the way it was for a few seconds there.

Then Dean lifts his head, giving his hips a roll that threatens to white Sam out, and pants, “Okay, come on and fuck me already.”

It takes Sam a couple of tries to get his voice working well enough to ask, “Are you—Dean, are you sure?”

“I don’t need a white knight, Sam,” Dean answers, and licks along Sam’s jaw.

Sam doesn’t ask again. He moves, using his strength to flip them, and braces himself on his left elbow. Dean lets his legs fall open and Sam slides more firmly against him. “Gonna fuck you,” he growls in his brother’s ear.

Dean grips his shoulder loosely, body lax and open in the wake of his own orgasm, and then grunts as Sam thrusts. It’s dirty and hard and hungry, their chests sliding together and slicked with Dean’s come and both of their sweat, and Sam has been hard so long and so violently that his dick aches with it. He thrusts and devours his brother’s mouth and Dean arches up into him.

After a few minutes, one of Dean’s legs hooks around his waist, and Sam can tell from Dean’s groans that the new angle is sliding Sam past his prostate just right. He pulls out part way, making shallow little hitches of his hips, and Dean babbles, “Oh God,” into his mouth. Sam keeps pounding into that sweet spot until Dean is hard again—turn about is fair play—and then slots back in and goes back to trying to fuck his brother through the mattress.

When he feels himself approaching the cusp of orgasm—fucking finally—Sam shoves a hand between them and grabs Dean’s cock. They go over so closely together that Sam can’t tell whether he’s coming because Dean’s ass has suddenly become a clutching, hungry vise or if Dean is coming because of the hot flood of Sam’s release inside of him. Sam keeps kissing his brother through it: violent at first and then, as they both come down, softening into something tender and almost reverent.

“Ngh,” Dean groans, letting his leg drop back onto the bed. In turn, Sam carefully edges himself out. His softening cock comes free easily, but Dean hisses anyway, and his cock manages one last, weak trickle.

Sam inches a little to one side and then drapes himself across Dean’s body again, laying his forehead against his brother’s ear and kissing the top of his shoulder.

“I take it back,” Dean mumbles. “No cock ring for you.”

“You,” Sam pants. “You were—that was—”

“Told you I was ready.” The words come out in a sleepy slur, and Sam can’t really blame him. He’s pretty exhausted himself.

Somehow, he still manages to scrounge up enough energy to rub his nose against his brother’s cheek as he whispers, “I love you.”

“Definitely not the girl in this relationship,” comes Dean’s drowsy response.

Sam falls asleep smiling.