Far From Home
byVetman©

The weeks crawled by after we booked our trip to Cancun, but the day finally arrived to jump on the airplane and start our vacation. Britney, my wonderful 23 year-old wife and I would be celebrating our first wedding anniversary during our well earned vacation at the Blue Bay Village all inclusive resort. While waiting to clear customs, we chatted with a couple we met from Georgia who were staying at the same resort, and shared a cab ride with them to Blue Bay. After checking in we agreed to meet later at the beach bar where we quickly became friends. Chris and Kate were in their late 20's or early 30's and very easy going and cheerful, with delightful Georgia accents. It was their first big vacation since their honeymoon 5 years earlier. 

We were all surprised when we discovered that some of the women on the beach were topless. Neither of our wives had ever gone topless and at first they were a little annoyed when they saw us looking around. I didn't know about Kate yet, but I was sure that my shy Britney would never even consider going topless in public. Don't get me wrong, she is ready for anything when it comes to sex in the privacy of our home, and an absolutely wild woman in bed, but she is very conservative around others. 

On our second full day Britney had a delightful surprise for me. When she caught up with me on the beach she was wearing a thong bikini that she had just bought in the gift shop. The sight of her firm round cheeks completely exposed in the bright sun caused an almost instant erection.

"What do you think, Jake?" she said smiling, but looking a little worried. 

"Wow. I love it. You look so hot, babe". To reinforce my delight, I took her hand and brushed it against my crotch. Her face relaxed into a broad grin when her hand confirmed how much I liked it. 

I had enjoyed seeing Kate wearing a thong the day before and I'm sure it was Kate's lack of inhibition that had influenced Britney to join in. I wanted to capture the moment forever and must have taken 30 digital photos of her from every angle. I caught Chris stealing looks at her perfectly shaped ass, and knew he was enjoying her exposure as much as I had enjoyed Kate's the day before.

Between dips in the water and some snorkeling, we kept the beach bar busy as we hung out and chatted. We were loose from the drinks and having fun, laughing at everything and being a little silly. The girls were discussing something between them selves and giggling when Chris and I decided to try the two-man kayak, and took off. As we paddled along the beach, we spotted the girls relaxing in the water and paddled over to them. We were both shocked when they suddenly stood up laughing - and topless. We started cheering like teenagers at the sight of their exposed breasts and abandoned the kayak with a splash to join them in the water. I hugged Britney and cupped her breast underwater. She reached for my cock and got her confirmation that the surprise was very appreciated. 

I was even more turned on to discover that their tops were back at the beach chairs. They had actually removed them and walked topless all the way to the water. I was sure that this had been Kate's idea and was delighted that she and all the alcohol had persuaded Britney to join her. I was excited to see that my conservative Britney was becoming so uninhibited far from home and away from anyone we knew.

Very much to my delight, when we returned to our chairs, the girls stayed topless for the rest of the afternoon. With only their tiny thong bikini bottoms they now were almost naked. It's one thing to see other women topless, but it's really exciting to stare at the breasts of someone you know personally, and even more exciting to see you wife almost naked in public for the first time. I had to hide my hard-on at first, but eventually calmed down enough to keep it under control. 

I knew that Chris was enjoying staring at my wife as much as I was enjoying staring at Kate. My petite 23-year old Britney is slender, but not skinny, with a flat stomach. Her perfectly shaped breasts are not huge, but definitely not small, with average size nipples that stayed delightfully erect all afternoon. Her long sensuous dark hair was wrapped up and pinned on the top of her head. Kate on the other hand is a blonde, and a few inches taller and fuller. She is a little heavy but not fat, with large breasts capped with darker and much larger nipples than my Britney's. Because of their size, her breasts sagged slightly, but they were still absolutely wonderful to look at. The big difference between them was Britney's soft voice and slight shyness with an inviting natural smile that never seemed to go away. Kate was high energy, talkative and, I was learning, a real flirt. When I brought her a new drink from the bar, she jumped up and grabbed me in a bear hug that pressed those bare breasts against my chest and told me I was 'just so damned cute'. She intentionally rubbed her breasts against me, but had done it in such a silly manner that Britney didn't seem to notice.

Sitting around the two girls topless all afternoon that first day was just incredibly arousing. Britney said she needed to take a dip to cool off and I jumped at the opportunity to join her. As soon as we waded out into the water about chest high, we embraced and started groping each other under the water. I turned her so her back was to the beach, lifted her a little and took her breasts into my mouth. I tongued and nibbled on her very erect, hardened nipple. Judging from her moaning, they were far more sensitive than usual. I slid her thong down her legs and off of her feet, and stuck the thong into a pocket on my trunks. It was thrilling having her totally nude among the other swimmers and in view of all the people on the beach without their being aware. She spread her legs to give me full access to her completely exposed pussy and moaned as I massaged her clit. She impatiently reached down and pushed my trunks to my knees and started stroking my rock hard cock as we continued kissing. 

Then we noticed Chris and Kate wading out to join us. They dropped down so only their heads were above water only a few feet from us. It was so exciting having Britney completely nude so close to Chris without him knowing. I knew my conservative Britney had to be feeling really exposed and guessed it was a major turn-on for her. As they embraced we exchanged quick comments about how good the water felt and each turned our attention back to our spouses as I slowly moved a little further away.

As we kissed, Britney wrapped her legs around me, which spread her wide open. I moved my hand under her bottom and felt her swollen lips and inviting opening. I maneuvered the head of my cock to the target and lowered her onto it. Her eyes closed and her head dropped to my shoulder as we both were overcome by the exquisite feeling of my entire length pressed way up inside of her.

We stayed joined together as we moved slowly around in the water kissing. We drifted over toward Chris and Kate who were similarly embraced, staring into each other's eyes and kissing also. Chris smiled at us and in a slightly husky voice said, "It doesn't get any better than this, huh Jake?" 

"It sure doesn't." I managed to respond. 

From the distracted look on Kate's face, I was sure that Chris was inside of her also, but neither of us let on as we slowly moved around. A couple snorkeled by on their way back to the beach and I noticed both heads turned in our direction. Their clear view through their masks of our joined naked bodies had to leave no doubt about what the four of us were doing. We finally disengaged and I snuck Britney's thong back to her, which she managed to casually get back on. 

When we all returned to our chairs on the beach, the atmosphere was more sexually charged, and the conversation filled with sexual innuendos. I hand to capture this and I grabbed my camera and started snapping. Chris did the same. The girls stood and posed together so we could take pictures of the two of them. I was delighted to be capturing Kate's breasts to enjoy after we got home, and a little excited thinking of Chris enjoying pictures of Britney's bare breasts whenever he wanted. I always thought it would bother me to see someone else enjoy Britney's nude body and especially watching strangers walk out of their way to get a good look at her. Instead I was surprised by how much her exposure was turning me on. I'm sure looking at Kate's nearly nude body while consuming a few drinks probably also had something to do with how excited I was feeling

That evening it was apparent that she was really turned on from exposing herself in public for the first time and I was really horny from watching them. We attacked each other in the shower and managed to make it to the bed for the longest and most intense sex we could remember. We were so horny that we were almost too late for dinner.

The resort had great facilities and a wonderful stage show every night, but they didn't have much of a nightclub, only an oversized bar area. Because of that, they provided free transportation every night to the glitzy downtown nightclubs and took care of the cover charge. You had to get yourself home though, which was about a $12 cab ride.

On our fourth night, we decided to go downtown and try the nightclubs after dinner and the stage show at the resort. I knew Britney was really turned on from exposing herself on the beach the last two days and uninhibited from the several drinks at happy hour, but I still couldn't believe that she had agreed to wear the outrageously sexy outfit that I had bought for her to bring on the trip. She had agreed to bring it along but had almost guaranteed me that she would never wear it. 

I was still expecting Britney to change her mind when she emerged from the bathroom with a sexy smile wearing the extremely short little skirt and brief little top. The sexy white skirt was a thin, silky material that was pleated so that it could swing up if she spun around. Her breasts moved around freely in the silky white top that was nothing more than a hanky-sized piece of material that covered her front and left her back bare. Two thin straps held it in place, one set that rose above each breast in the front and tied around her neck and one set that came from either side and tied around the middle of her back. It was shaped with a plunging neckline between the two neck straps that exposed a lot of cleavage from the front. The slight swell of her breast was just visible on either side where the material joined between the neck strap and back strap. The bottom was V shaped with the tip of the V just reaching her belly button and then rising on both sides to meet the straps that tied behind her back. It was very easy to slip my hand in to caress her nipple and if Britney wasn't careful dancing, the material could shift enough for her breast to slip out. The thin material was just shear enough that I could barely see the darker circles of her nipples. 

The real rush hit me when Britney lifted the short little skirt in the front to flash me her completely shaved pussy. She was wearing this tiny skirt with no underwear, not even her little thong. This wasn't the first time that Britney has teased me with no panties when we went out, but never in anything this short. She knew from experience that I would go crazy all night thinking about her perfect, naked little body just barely concealed from view, and especially her completely shaved pussy hidden just 4 or 5 inches above the hem of the skirt.

Just the sight of all the exposed tanned skin in that white outfit with that long hair would draw a lot of attention. Eyes would be drawn to the movement of Britney's breasts and her nipples protruding through the silky top. I realized when she bent over to close the suitcase that it would be almost impossible for her not to inadvertently flash that gorgeous round ass and maybe her bare pussy before the night was over. I was amazed that she was being so daring just to tease and excite me. Normally she wouldn't consider going out with only this brief little outfit to hide her naked body. It had to be the combination of being away from home, drinking too much at happy hour and enjoying all the attention she was getting from other men on the beach that had her so uninhibited tonight. 

On our way to the resort's very impressive stage show after dinner, Britney expressed her concern that the dress was too short and the top too skimpy and she was uncomfortable that she would forget to be careful and show too much. I was disappointed that she had come to her senses and threatened to change outfits or at least put panties on. After the show, we met Chris and Kate at the bar. Chris couldn't get his eyes off of Britney even though Kate was looking very hot with her large breasts pouring out of her very low cut and short red sundress. They challenged us to try Tequila shots with them, in order to get a 'quick buzz', which we had never done before. They taught us how to lick the salt before and suck the lime after the shot. After three shots we were buzzed and had had enough. Suddenly the announcement that the bus to the nightclub was leaving momentarily had us rushing not to be left behind. My disappointment evaporated as we all jumped on the bus and headed downtown, with Britney still naked in her brief little outfit. I noticed that Chris had slyly held back as we boarded the bus to let Britney go ahead so he steal a peek up her little skirt as she climbed up. 

The nightclub we were taken to was one of the largest and hottest in Cancun with state of the art lighting and special effects, high-energy music, and multi level dance floors. The bars, tables and standing area were on the main floor surrounded a huge dance floor that was sunken down about 5 ft below the main floor. There were also several small dance floors along the wall that were elevated about 3 to 4 ft above the main floor. Modernistic stairways led to the second floor balcony with more bars, tables and sofas overlooking the dance floor from three sides.

Even though there were a lot of other hot looking women in very sexy outfits, Britney was drawing a lot of attention wherever we went. Chris and Kate talked us into two more Tequila shots to 'get the buzz going'. 

As we stood chatting, Kate leaned close to me smiling and in a low voice said "Jake, I know Chris is enjoying it, but I thought you ought to know that Britney's flashing the whole bar". I jumped up to look and sure enough Britney's was chatting away with Chris, unaware that her top had shifted and her breast had popped out for the entire bar to gawk at. I reached over and pulled her top in place. 

"Oh god" she said, as she adjusted her top, blushing, and tried to avoid eye contact with the guys standing nearby who had been enjoying her display. Kate was laughing at Britney's reaction when 

Chris pointed past Kate and said, "What's that?" As she turned to look, he yanked on her sundress and both of her large breasts popped out to my delight and the guys around us. She yelled and clutched her dress. She kept exposing herself as she struggled to get them back in the tight top, slapping at Chris and laughing. 

Britney grabbed my hand and we moved to the dance floor. I noticed that Britney was a little unsteady walking and knew she was really feeling the shots. As Britney danced, her skirt would raise enough that I was seeing flashes of her bare cheeks. The floor was very crowded so this wasn't as visible to other dancers or the guys watching the dancers five feet up on the main floor. Those watching her were probably more focused on the movement of Britney's breasts in her top. I heard someone whistle from the main floor behind me, and noticed that Britney's breast had made another appearance. I pointed to it and she stopped to adjust the top again.

As we danced I kept slipping in behind her, holding her waist and grinding my crotch into her soft ass. Britney would push back against me and rub her butt up and down against my cock. I would slyly slip my hand down and back up to touch her smooth bare ass or slide my hand into the side of her top to quickly caress her breast. During one song a hissing sound suddenly produced a thick cloud of fog that engulfed the dance floor. It was so thick that we could barely see the people 10 feet from us, and if I couldn't see them, they couldn't see us. Strobe lights flashed to create a surreal feeling as I held Britney against me with my right arm and pushed me hardening cock against her. I moved my left hand up the front of her leg and pushed up her skirt to touch her pussy. Touching her shaved pussy and rubbing her clit among all these people felt so incredibly erotic. Knowing that we were hidden by the fog Britney let me massage her clit for a few seconds while she reached down and gave my hardening cock a couple of squeezes before pushing me gently away. 

After a few dances with her breasts making a couple more appearances, we went back and found Chris and Kate at the bar. I told them no more shots and ordered two margaritas. We danced another set with Chris and Kate joining us. We swapped partners back and forth with Kate pushing her butt back against me and Chris getting to enjoy seeing Britney's breast pop out again. We left them on the dance floor and decided to see what was up on the balcony. Britney was a little unsteady, so I carried both our drinks, which were a lot stronger than I thought they would be.

I noticed that the very large crowd was mostly young to middle aged. There were a lot of couples as well as groups of girls and groups of guys. I also noticed what I call the lurkers. These are guys that are standing around alone and stalking the women. Voyeurs, really, who move to wherever the hottest women are and try to position themselves to look up their dresses or see an exposed nipple. Groups of guys will check out a hot girl showing too much near them, but the lurkers move around looking for opportunities. Usually they are around the dance floor hoping the girls dress gets too high or a breast gets flashed. If you spot a drunken couple making out hot and heavy in a corner, there will be a lurker nearby leering. I can usually spot them because they roam around and keep showing up all over the place. Or they might follow one girl around-especially one dressed like Britney.

I noticed that Britney's outfit was drawing some attention as we moved toward the balcony. As we started up the open stairs with only a handrail on the side, I saw a lurker who I had noticed watching her earlier, move casually closer to the stairs ahead of us so that she would be high over his head when she reached the top. I glanced back and saw another lurker moving toward the stairs, but taking his time to be sure she was well ahead of him when he started up. She was clueless as we neared the top right over the first lurker who had a clear view of her nakedness straight up her short little skirt, while the other was getting a good look at her bare ass from the back as he followed us up. I was sure I would see them again after their discovery that she was naked under the skirt. 

The balcony had two bars, some low tables and sofas on the inside and some tall tables and a countertop to sit your drinks on that ran all around the edge of the balcony. The balcony was crowded, but not as much as the main floor. I followed Britney to an open area along the countertop and sat our drinks down. I stood close behind her as she leaned against the countertop looking down at the dance floor. As we swayed to the music I casually slipped my hand down under the back of her skirt and lightly massaged her smooth, bare ass. We stood watching the dancers and the light show, talking, moving to the music and sipping our drinks for about 20 minutes when I happened to look down and realized that there was no wall below the countertop, only two thin rails. 
I could see the dance floor about 15 feet below. I moved over next to Britney, leaned over the countertop and looked down. I was looking down at the crowd standing on the main floor only 10 feet below. I saw quite a few faces that were only 5 feet below the floor we were standing on looking up at me, one of them gesturing and pointing. It suddenly struck me that they were all looking at Britney. As close as they were, I was sure they had to have a very clear view right up her very short little skirt and her shaved pussy had to be visible. 

As we had stood there unaware, guys had started to notice the incredible site above them. The longer we stood there, the larger the group had become as guys walking by noticed the guys looking up and stopped to stare as well. She might have realized her exposure and moved away, had she been sober. I normally would have pulled her away immediately, but the drinks were affecting me as well and the crowd of men staring up my wife's skirt at her bare pussy suddenly hit me as very erotic and a little exciting. 

I told her that I was going to get another round of drinks and left her there. I walked quickly to the stairs and quickly down. As I got to the area below Britney, the crowd was noisy and I could hear some of the laughing and comments. I looked up as I moved through the crowd and caught my breath. Whenever the dance floor lights brightened, the view up Britney's skirt was very clear, and with her legs slightly apart her bare pussy was unmistakably on display. The good news was that her face was hidden by the counter. Suddenly she shifted and spread her legs a little more to lecherous comments from the crowd. I saw her lurker from the stairs looking up in the center of the crowd and was sure many more were drawn to the view. I kept walking and went quickly back upstairs to the bar to order our drinks. 

I sat the drinks on the table next to her and stood behind her again. My heart was racing thinking about the possibilities to expose her even more. I was tempted to reach around and play with her pussy or push my leg between her legs to make her spread open even wider, or both. But so far Britney was drunk enough to be blissfully unaware that she had been showing her pussy to such a large audience for so long and I was afraid she would notice the crowd's reaction and be upset. So I suggested that we move to one of the sofas for a while. As she turned and moved away from the counter we heard people applauding, but she never suspected why. From the looks she was getting from the bar I guessed that some of the lurkers below had come up to see who the pussy in the short white skirt had belonged to. 

No sofa was available so we stood by the bar watching the crowd and sipping our drinks. Girls were using the low tables between the sofas to dance on and show off and were getting a lot of attention. We turned to look when cheers erupted behind us in time to see two girls standing on a table flashing their breasts at their friends. Other girls dancing on the tables were bending forward or squatting and flashing their panties to those seated on the sofas. The atmosphere was getting wilder as the night went on.

We finished our drinks and decided to head back downstairs to dance some more. I was really starting to feel all the drinks and noticed that Britney was having trouble walking straight. Even her speech was getting a little slurred. I helped her back down another set of stairs and spotted the smaller raised dance floor nearby and led her to it. We sat our drinks down and climbed the three steps up onto the small dance floor. The floor held about 15 couples comfortably and there were only six already dancing so we had some room. As we danced in the middle of the floor, I noticed the people standing around the dance floor watching were about eye level with the bottom of Britney's skirt, which was flipping all around from her hip movements. At their level they had to be seeing a lot of her gorgeous bare ass. 

Britney seemed to be having trouble with her balance and was moving steadily closer to one side of the dance floor. I moved behind her and put my arm on her waist to help steady her. She leaned forward, forcing me to hold her tighter around her waist, which pushed her ass into my groin. As she straightened up, some guys let out a 'yeah' and I heard some whistling, which is usually a sign that a girl is flashing nearby. I looked around but didn't see anything. 

As we danced, the guys around us kept reacting to something. I finally let go of Britney's waist and we separated. I turned away from her momentarily and it seemed that a lot of guys had moved to the edge of the stage just behind me. When I turned back, I saw Britney from the side dancing and completely unaware or just no longer caring that her breast was hanging completely out of her top. I was turned on seeing her breast so erotically exposed as she danced so I just kept dancing and left her exposed for everyone to enjoy. A few more 'Yeahs' were shouted, and then I heard some more whistles and shouts behind me. When I turned and looked, I saw several of the guys by the side had stooped down with their hands on the edge of the dance floor. With Britney closer to the edge, they were low enough to get a clear view of Britney's perfect ass. They must have just noticed her shaved pussy and were reacting. 

Suddenly Britney started loosing her balance and fell backwards toward the middle of the floor onto her butt. As I helped her up, there was just no way to keep from completely exposing her to the whole audience who were cheering loudly, which was drawing even more attention to her. I helped her off the dance floor without even bothering about her exposed breast. I held Britney's waist tightly for support as we made our way back to the bar where we had left Chris and Kate earlier. I wasn't sure, but I think some of her audience was following us. We found Chris and Kate near the bar and joined them. Kate noticed Britney's exposure immediately and reached to help her cover up. Britney was so drunk by now that she weaved a little standing there. Kate seemed very drunk too, but a little more aware. She told me Chris was smashed and that he just wanted to sit. I suggested that we ought to be leaving, but Britney objected and wanted another drink. 

"I dun wanna go." She slurred. "Thish is our vacation...... and I feel reeealy gooood. We dunt haf to drive.... Soooo..... lets haf fun". I knew that she already had too much to drink, but I gave in and got Britney and Kate another drink. 

Somebody had been making an announcement but with all the noise I only caught a little of what they were saying. Now he was saying something about not being responsible if anyone is injured on the dance floor. It seemed like a general announcement. As the music started I asked Kate what it was about and she said she didn't hear it either, but she thought that there was some kind of special dance coming up. 

Britney said "Yea, les dance sumore". 

Kate asked to join us since Chris was too far gone to dance. Britney responded, "umkay". 

As we worked our way to the middle of the dance floor, I noticed a lot of people leaving the floor and others heading onto the floor like us. I noticed a lot of single guys either moving around the dance floor by themselves or leaning against the wall watching. It struck me as a little strange, but I wasn't thinking real clearly.

As we danced together to some really high energy, loud music, the lights went out on the dance floor and after about 20 seconds, out of nowhere I felt something very light and wet falling on our heads as people shouted and laughed. It felt like soapy foam and it was seemed to be coming from all sides and falling down on us. We huddled a little closer together, dancing and laughing at the strange feeling. In no time we were completely buried in foam over our heads. I wiped the foam off my face and realized that I was getting soaking wet. In the dim light, I could see Britney's hair covered in foam. I brushed a blob of foam off of her head and her shoulder. I turned away to check on Kate and saw her a few steps away with her wet hair plastered to the side of her face. She was covered with gobs of foam and grinning as she reached up and pulled her top down enough to pop her breasts out. She drunkenly threw her hands over her head laughing and shook her boobs back and forth just as the lights came back up unusually bright. Even as drunk as I was, my cock started to respond to Kate's bare boobs swinging around in the bright light.

The foam was subsiding and we seemed to be creating our own hole in the foam with all our moving around. I could hear shouts and cheering from the balcony and guessed that they were spotting Kate and probably some other wild things visible to those looking down. Some guys moving past slowed to look at Kate's breasts and then froze as they looked past her at Britney. I had lost sight of Britney with my attention on Kate's breasts. I looked over at Britney and couldn't believe my eyes. Her long hair was hanging straight down and, in the brighter lights, she appeared to be staggering around completely nude. Her thin white top and skirt were soaked, plastered to her skin and almost completely transparent. From the front it was very obvious that she was nude except for the brief outfit. She was doing something between a dance and a drunken stagger, with her eyes closed. 

Before I could move to Britney, Kate moved in front of me, turned and pushed her ass back into my groin. I grabbed her waist with both hands and started grinding my hardening cock into her ass to the beat of the music. I was worried that Britney might get upset seeing us and I looked over at her in time to see her loose her balance and start staggering backwards. She backed right into one of the lurkers who caught her and kept her from falling. Britney pushed back into him and started moving her ass around. It took a few seconds but he realized that she was dancing and started moving with her. Even drunk I was a little concerned when I saw him bring his hand up and start massaging my Britney's exposed breast, but at the time my drunken mind decided that it was harmless and she seemed ok with it.

I will forever be amazed that I could have done it, but I totally forgot about my Britney when Kate moved one of my hands to her bare breast as she continued pushing her ass against me. My drunken mind succumbed to the intense lust that I suddenly felt for Kate. I massaged her wonderful large breast and pinched her erect nipple as I drove my cock into her ass as hard as I could. I was past rational thinking and thought Kate was too, so I dared to drop my other hand to her crotch and started to massage her through her skirt. I expected to get pushed away, but instead I felt her hand behind her searching for my rock hard cock. When she found it and started squeezing, I dropped my hand to reach under her skirt and back up to massage her through her silky panties. 

She slowed her dancing to almost a stop, and moved her legs further apart as I her rubbed her clit. She was moving her crotch slowly around and quietly moaning and saying "Oh god, oh god yes". 

I finally slipped my fingers under the leg band of her panties to massage the wonderful wet folds of her bare womanhood directly. She was swollen and dripping wet as my finger tips found her erect clit and pressed on it, moving it in small rapid circles. We were both grunting and moaning from the forbidden lust we had succumbed to in full view of the cheering audience on the balcony. 

I started coming back to earth when I finally raised my head enough and caught site of Britney 20 or 30 feet away. She was just standing there bent over with her hands resting just above her knees for support. Her skirt was up on her back and her bare ass against the lurker, facing toward me with her head down. Her legs were spread apart and she wasn't even pretending to dance. Three other guys were close on either side of her watching her getting thoroughly molested by the lurker behind her. Her top had been pushed aside and the lurker was leaning over her and roughly massaging her breast. Her skirt had been pushed up in the front and had stuck to her wet stomach. His other hand was between her legs groping her intimately. I was dazed and confused. Even as drunk as she was, I couldn't ever imagine Britney letting a complete stranger feel her up and finger her. Then it struck me. She must think that's me behind her and he's taking the opportunity to practically rape her. 

He moved his hand from her breast and wrapped his arm around her waist. He bent his knees and stooped down a little behind her. That's when I spotted his erect cock between her legs. He had pulled his cock out and had been getting off pushing it against her bare ass. I snapped completely out of it when I saw that he was holding his hard cock with his free hand and trying to guide it upward into her pussy. As he struggled trying to guide the head of his cock to that magic spot between her swollen lips, the guy next to her reached out and started groping her hanging breast. The lurker on her other side saw his opportunity and reached out to massage her other breast. 

I pulled away from Kate just as the guy managed to ram his cock up into her. Her eyes flew open in surprise when he drove it all the way home. He only had a few seconds to enjoy the feeling of being inside before my flat palm went past Britney and hard into his face as I screamed, "Get off her!" 

I managed to catch Britney as he stumbled to the floor. He struggled to get up and sprinted away into the crowd and the dissipating foam. The other three had turned and rushed away before the one on the floor even got up. Britney was looking at me thoroughly confused, her eyes unfocused and barely coherent as I pulled her skirt down and tried to arrange her top over her breasts. Her wet clothes just clung to her skin making them transparent and making her still appear to be naked as I lifted her in my arms and carried her unsteadily from the floor. Kate had recovered was following while still arranging her top. I noticed quite a few other girls that looked like they had just finished a wet T-shirt contest along the way. 

I stopped to get her handbag that Chris was supposed to be guarding, without putting her down. Kate tried to wake Chris as I kept going toward the door. Outside I carried her to one of the several cabs available. The Mexican cab drivers eyes looked like they were going to pop out of his head as I put Britney down and held her. 

"Can you take us to Blue Bay?" I asked. 

"Not a problem, senor" he replied as he opened the back door for us. 

After I managed to get her into the seat, I stood and saw the cab driver still staring and holding the door. I looked back at Britney and saw that her skirt was stuck at her waist and one of her breasts was hanging out. I reached in and pulled her skirt down and took the door from the cab driver and closed it. We walked around to the other side and both got in. He turned around and started making small talk while he gawked at Britney. I covered her breast and told him I was in a hurry. 

Britney was leaning against me and completely out for the fifteen-minute trip back to Blue Bay. Along the way I suddenly thought about my tryst with Kate and lifted my fingers to my nose to enjoy her scent. I paid him when we stopped and got out to get Britney. The cab driver raced around to hold the door for me as I got Britney out. He offered to help me carry her (out of the goodness of his heart) and I said sarcastically, "Thanks for your too kind offer, but I can handle her from here". 

I gave up worrying about her modesty as I pulled her out and lifted her up. The cab driver was smiling broadly as I thanked him and headed through the lobby and back outside toward our room.

Once inside I laid Britney on the bed and just looked at her in her skimpy, damp outfit. I pushed her little skirt up and spread her legs wide. I stripped my clothes off as I stood staring at the beautiful open pussy that so many others had enjoyed that night. I untied her top from around her neck to expose those perfect breasts. I slid my fingers into her and finger fucked her hard as I slowly stroked my rock hard cock. She moaned quietly in acknowledgement, but was like a rag doll. She was helpless, completely at my mercy, as I raised her legs and slid my cock into her wetness. It felt almost like rape being able to do anything that I wanted to her. 

Forbidden thoughts crept into my drunken, horny mind and I just couldn't resist taking advantage of her helplessness. I pulled out of her and moved to the curtains, opening them wide so that any passers by could look in and enjoy my naked Britney- her legs pointed toward the window and spread wide open. I moved to the side of the bed and turned her head as I pushed my cock, still wet with her own juices, into her open mouth. As I pushed it slowly in and out, she responded, and began lightly sucking. I reached down and fingered her wide-open pussy. 

I withdrew from her mouth, lifted her legs and slid my cock back into her soaked pussy, slowly sliding it back out and all the way in a few times before again moving to her side and pushing my wet cock back into her mouth. I shuddered suddenly, wondering if anyone was at the window enjoying her nude body and watching her sucking her own juices off of my cock. Did the cab driver follow us and was even now leering at her display?

Overcome with the depravity of what I was doing to her, I again slid my cock into all the way her soaked pussy and inserted it back into her mouth, almost cumming from the excitement of imagining an audience jerking off watching her at the window as she sucked on my cock. 

Finally overcome with the need to get my cock into her, I withdrew and lifted her legs over my shoulders and pushed my rock hard cock as far into her as possible. As I pushed, I slid my finger into her mouth so she could again taste herself. As she started to respond, I withdrew halfway and started pounding into her. She moaned and then started yelling as I kept pounding, determined to make her orgasm. When she went over the edge, I shoved hard into her and held it there as I unloaded way up into her. Finally spent, I slowly got up leaving Britney spread wide open with her legs pointed toward the window. 

I moved casually toward the light switch by the door and switched the lights off. I glanced out the window and thought I saw a movement in the darkness. Could it have been my imagination or had there been an audience. Now feeling a little guilty for exposing my sweet bride like a slut, I closed the curtains, removed her skirt and top gently put her under the sheets before joining her. I held her naked body close as we both slipped off into a drunken sleep.

Britney was sick the next morning and we both were nursing horrible hangovers. Thankfully, she barely remembered going back out on the dance floor for that last dance, but couldn't remember the foam and never mentioned the guys molesting her. She only commented on how she had enjoyed how aggressive I'd been all evening feeling her up. We managed some breakfast and went back to our room and slept some more. That afternoon we dragged ourselves to the beach and met Chris and Kate who looked about the same way we felt. I wasn't sure how Kate felt about the night before and finally got her off to the side to apologize for getting carried away. 

She smiled and said, "It's just between you and me, Tiger. Don't apologize I enjoyed it as much as you did, baby." 

Then she added, "That could only have happened away from home."
