Mary's Anal Adventure

(F/F, M/F fist extreme)

Mary walked slowly over towards the  vaulting horse.   She was ready, more than ready.  Cleaned out a couple of hours ago, she felt loose, open, ready.  Her anus was already lubed and her ass cheeks slid deliciously against each other, the sensuous feel of her inner ass cheeks smooth skin sliding across each other was intoxicating.  Inside she felt empty and ready to be filled.  Her breasts were clamped with eight ounce weights dangling down, bumping against her stomach.  Although her nipples were large her breasts were small and she liked the added weight, making her breasts bounce.  Especially as he had placed two clamps on each one.  One clamp on the aureole causing a dull pressure, and one directly on the nipple that produced a sharper and more intense pain, a nice contrast that never failed to excite her.  In fact, the combination of slick skin, clamped and weighted nipples and anticipation of what was to come had her quivering internally with excitement.

Rarely did she feel this ready and hoped that her limits would be pushed beyond anything she had ever experienced.  Reaching the horse she bent over it, the lightly padded, leather covered high bench cool to her skin.  It was just the right height, allowing enough room for her ankles to be cuffed on the outside with her feet flat on the floor.  Her wrists were cuffed straight out in front of her, arms tightly stretched, holding her almost immobile over the horse.  It was wide enough so that it did not cut into her belly but rather let her stomach rest comfortably.  The only thing she might have wished was a little more slack in her bonds so that the weights stretching her nipples could sway and bounce more.  She liked the bouncing of the weights and the way they jangled her nipples, elongating them even more.  But that was a small matter, nothing compared to the excitement she felt as she was in one of her favorite positions, legs spread, her ass and pussy open and convenient, helpless, at the whim of anyone that wanted to use her.

Mary felt his hand lightly caressing her butt, adding more lube to anus.  She was sure now that it was to be her ass and not her pussy.  His hand left off stroking her for a moment as he laid out the toys on a bench in front of her.  She saw dildos of varying sizes plus a fist shaped one.  He picked up the smallest, 12 inches long and two inches wide.  He first used it to tap on the chains strung between her breasts, jerking her nipples and sending jolts of wonderful pain shooting through her, seemingly centering on her pussy.  Involuntarily her vagina clenched, then relaxed, pulsed again, starting her juices flowing seriously, her lips swelling with passion, shiny with her moisture.

Stepping behind her, she waited for the moment.  Ahhhhhhh, here it was, the head pressing against her anus.  She relaxed her asshole but still there was some pressure before the head slithered inside.  She felt herself open and let the dildo in, feeling it slide past her anus.  She loved this moment, the slight pause while her rectum adjusted, then the slow advance.  Not this time though, the dildo just kept going in, slowly, but with no pause.  Then it was against the inner sphincter, but not at quite the right angle.  Quickly it built up pressure inside her and she struggled to move her hips and get the right angle so it could enter her more deeply.  However she was held too tightly in her bonds.  She felt the dildo bend inside her.

Mary mentally objected to this, felt cheated.  She wanted the slow in and out fucking of her ass.  She wanted to feel it pushing up against the roof of her vagina through her rectum.  She wanted the involuntary loss of control from this, the slight spurts of urine that she was helpless to control.  Instead, the dildo kept up a continuous pressure against her insides.  Frantically she began to try and move into the proper position to allow deeper entrance.  All of a sudden it leapt deeper, entering her inner passage and continuing deeper into her.  Now there were nine inches inside.  She could sense rather than feel her inner ring clasp and slide down the dildo as it rebounded from the pressure of being forced up inside her before giving way.  She knew now that it would be able to slide in all the way.  Another inch or two and it would be visible through her belly moving inside her if she had not been laying over the horse.  However she would be able to feel it pressing against the horse.  Yes, there it was, the familiar tingling inside her.

He pushed in the last couple of inches and Mary had taken it all.  Not allowing her even a moment to enjoy it, he pulled the dildo from her and walked around to the bench.  Knowing this would be the only one she would be able to take orally he slid it into her mouth and pushed it deep.  Fortunately it was slick from being deep inside her so she was able to just let it slide to the back of her mouth.  Fighting the gag reflex she felt it slide against the roof of her mouth, push hard against the opening to her throat, then start the bend into her throat.  Her eyes followed his hand as it moved closer to her mouth.  The excitement of feeling it slide inside her caused her pussy to lubricate more.  Her vaginal lips opened slightly, enough to let a few drops slide out and patter quietly on the floor below her pussy.  He fucked her throat for a moment, bumping his hand against her mouth, then withdrew the ten inches that had been inside her.  Satisfied that it was clean he set it on the bench and picked up the next one.  The dildo was a long, flexible eighteen inches, three inches in diameter.

He walked around her and without preliminary started feeding it into her ass.  Mary experienced a moment of panic that he was not giving her time to prepare, but then it was pushing hard against her before the head sprung inside her.  This more like it!  It was thick enough to press and distort her vagina.  He held it at a higher angle of attack so that when it was forced to curve up to enter her intestines it formed an arc that pressed against her insides.  He made quick, short jabs until it was forced into her large intestine.

Involuntarily she clenched her anus around it, squeezing hard.  She gasped, felt her knees weaken as her belly pressed harder against the bench.  Her pussy was starting to spasm slightly and she bucked against the dildo.  Then he was sliding it deeper.  When he had almost a foot in her he reached the next obstacle.  Mary always thought of it as "the turn".  A spot inside her intestines where it had to be worked a bit before proceeding.  Once past there she knew it would slide in another few inches with ease.  The problem was she was pressed so hard against the bench that the thick dildo was pressed against the edge of the horse as well as at her turn.  He pushed harder and she could feel the head of the dildo finally ride up over the edge of the horse and slide around inside her.

Oh God!  This was it!  He drove it in further until she was taking about 15 inches.  Then he withdrew it a half foot and rammed it back in.  She could hardly breathe when it rode up on the horse and slid further into her, such was the excitement.  He began to fuck her seriously, jerking the dildo back and then jabbing it back in.  She didn't realize it was going in a little deeper with each thrust.  All she knew was that the hard fucking in her ass was driving her sexually higher.  She panted with arousal, her legs shaking, the weights stretching her nipples dancing.  She approached orgasm.  She was pissing little spurts of urine as the dildo jabbed her g-spot.  The piss washed away her pussy juices and flooded across the floor.  She clamped down on the dildo as her orgasm neared.  Mary noted how her wrists tugged against her cuffs, the tugging of her nipples, the sensation of the dildo sliding back and forth across her ass cheeks and the quivering of her legs.  But these were all secondary to the turmoil boiling inside her as she moved closer to her orgasm.

Suddenly he ripped the dildo from her body.  She tried to grab it frantically with her ass!  If only she could get it back inside her!  She squeezed her guts, uselessly trying to grab the dildo with her asshole.  She pushed back searching for it, squeezing her insides.  Her rectum began to be  pushed from her body, a red tube a bit over two inches across sticking a good inch outside her anus.  Pulling hard against her wrist bonds she wiggled her ass, searching.  In her frustration she writhed against her bonds seeking release.  He was behind her, watching her struggle, the way her ass cheeks clenched and unclenched, her rectum pulsing in and out of her asshole.  Her flesh quivered and sweat began to roll off her.

Stepping carefully to avoid slipping in the combined juice and urine that puddled across the floor he went up to the bench, laid the one he had just pulled from her body down, and picked up the next one.  He casually noticed how cool this next one was compared to the heat of the one that had just come from within her.  He glanced at her and looked calmly into her eyes.  Eyes that beseeched him, begging for him to give  her release.  Bending down a bit to look straight at her, he merely watched her, amused by the frustration she felt.  He noted how squeezed her nipples were.  The nipples themselves flattened by the clamps on them.  The clamps on her aureole were still spread apart quite a bit.  Obviously the aureole, swollen by her passion were puffy enough to overcome the clamps, yet the tiny teeth on the round jaws of the clover clamps were still holding firm.

He held the next dildo before her, and her eyes lit up.  This was her favorite to wear, especially in public.  They had made it themselves.  The domed top was three inches across, quickly spreading to five inches.  Not counting the neck above the flare of the base it was seven inches long, five of those inches were the full diameter of five inches also, about sixteen inches around.  Then it quickly necked down to two inches before flaring out to the flat five inch diameter base.  This plug, handmade from OOMOO, weighed many pounds.  It severely stretched her going in, then again its length, coupled with its width, really stretched her rectum in all directions.  Normally it was used only for having it inside her for long periods, not for fucking her.  Mary assumed she would be released from the horse and her bonds once he had worked it inside her.

The spasms in her ass had quieted by the time he returned behind her.  He looked at how slick she was, how swollen her ass was, how shiny the insides of her thighs were, trickles of sweat, urine and cream running down them.  Her ass hole was closed but her pussy gaped open slightly, no more than an inch, the lips thick with a light coating of foam.  He wondered how her pussy had managed to foam up when it hadn't even been used.  He wiped the plug along her inner thighs, coating it thoroughly , and nestled it between her cheeks, against her anus.  He turned slightly sideways and used his upper thigh, below his hip, to lean against the base of the plug and put slight pressure against it.  Leaning in more he watched as her anal ring began to open and accept it, at least the first inch or so.   It appeared to enter her further but he knew this was just an illusion.  Her anus was being pushed inside her, but not yielding to the plug yet.  He pushed slowly, but with greater pressure.

Mary felt her ass open a bit, to the point where now a small pain was beginning to build.  Soon she knew that it would become an increasingly dull ache, and then it would feel as if her pelvic bones would have to separate to let it in.  She took a deep breath and tried to relax, knowing how hard it was to get the massive plug in.  Incrementally it entered her, each fraction of an inch expanding her asshole.  She was breathing harder now, but not in the deep relaxing breaths but harder, quicker breaths.  Her rectum was expanding, squeezing her cunt, pushing out more of her cream.  God, it was getting wide!  She could only wait.  Wait for that moment when her ass gave way just that little and she knew it was going to slide in.  when that happened her anal ring would run down the plug, a white stretched band encircling the five inch diameter plug and appear to suck it in.  This was what happened when someone fisted her, and when finally gaining admittance inside her, commenting on how she had sucked the hand in.  But it really wasn't getting sucked in, it was just that her pussy or ass ring mad it over the "hump" of the knuckles and slid down the back of the hand.

The pressure built in her ass as he pushed harder.  The intensity of the pain stimulated her, excited her.  The stretching of her rectum likewise compressed her pussy and her squashed cunt responded by starting to flutter.  Her inner thighs tightened and shook.  She couldn't cum like this but it was the excitement that kept her going, made her extreme, drove her into going over the top.

Ahhhhhhh.......that was it!  The angle was just right, her ass was so stretched, but she knew she was going to make it.  Just a little bit more...... oh, there....yes.....it was going in.  Quickly the huge plug now rushed in and her ass lips closed over it, nestled around the short throat that led to the base.  Relief!  Sweet relief!  It was in her.  Her entire rectum stretched, full, her pelvis seeming to be enlarged, bones spread.  Her vagina now a flattened chamber, her g-spot pressed hard, forcing her to spasm.  Her pussy was so compressed that as she squirted there was nowhere for the pee that jetted from her peehole to go.  It merely build up inside, putting further pressure on her abdomen.

She waited now, ready for her bonds to be released, wondering where he was going to take her, as he always did when the plug was inside her.  Instead he kept up steady pressure, forcing her partly closed anal ring against the flatness of the base.  She couldn't believe it, what was he doing?  She wasn't sure that she could take the base also, the plug would have to penetrate her inner sphincter and it was to wide for that, what was he thinking?

He pushed harder,  substituting his hand for his hip, so he could work the base inside her.  He stepped back and braced, and leaned into her.  Mary held her breath although she was unaware of it.  She wanted it in, the whole thing.  She wanted the base inside so it would push out her anal ring.  She wanted to be led in public and be shown to people so they could marvel at what she had done.  Her cunt quivered with the idea of taking the whole thing, it would be a first.  She wanted more, she always did.  She wanted a bigger one, and longer, shoved up her ass, swelling up her belly, weighting her insides.  She wanted it in her and she would walk around, feeling it jostling her insides, pushing her internal organs around, see it bouncing  and moving within her belly, a huge bulge in her abdomen that she could caress with her hands.

She pushed back against him as well as she could, not sure where the hold up was.  Was her asshole not opening?  Was her inner ring the stopping place?  She leant forward as much as she could, then hurled her body back.  She felt the nipple clamps tug hard, the weights swinging wildly and she had just enough time to wonder if the clamps hadn't been on for too long when it went in.  He had given a massive thrust as she shoved back.

The plug entered her!  Her body gave way!  As her asshole stretched over the flange of the base her inner ring also gave way and it entered her intestines.  His momentum carried him further and as his hand entered her, pushing the plug, it just continued deeper.  Her mind and body exploded.  Her cunt shook, her clit distended, her insides spasmed and she internally ground her muscles against the mass inside her.  She neared orgasm, she wanted to cum desperately, she had to cum, but she couldn't.  It was too much for her and she couldn't.  Something needed to be on her clit, a clamp maybe.  Or she needed to grind against something.  But there wasn't anything there.  Just an excruciating pressure that was driving her lust and at the same time denying her.

Her inner ring closed around the base of the plug and it was fixed deep inside here.  She could feel the pressure of it where it pressed against the horse and her abdomen.  It was difficult for her to breathe.  He saw this and came around and released her wrist restraints and carefully and slowly helped her to stand on her widespread feet.  She wanted to bend over and roll her stomach, to feel what was inside her.  He bent down and released her ankles and helped her stand.  Her feet slipped on the wet floor and he held her up.  Her hands dropped between her legs and she grabbed herself and rubbed and beat on her clit.  She had even forgot to ask permission to cum so desperate was her need.  Her body was trying to reject the mass inside but the plug was buried to deeply.  She could feel her body trying to eject it but all she wanted was to cum.  Taking deep, wracking breaths she masturbated desperately.

He held Mary as she went up on her toes as she came.  Her body convulsed, her flattened, distorted pussy  convulsed, she shook, the pee trapped inside her released, and she came.  The violence of the contraction started to force the plug from her and it was pushed down.  However it was too tightly trapped in her intestine, held there by her inner sphincter so her rectum started to eject from her body instead.  That red tube of glistening flesh unrolled from her asshole.  A red tube with a hole in the end that led inside her, but was now extending out from her anus.  The lower the plug dropped the further her ass prolapsed, until it was about four inches outside of her.  Still her orgasm continued and her prolapsed anus pulsed.  As her rectum rolled outside of her body the base of the plug finally stopped a couple of inches past her asshole, only it was wrapped up by her rectum.  Her asshole was an incredibly stretched ring through which jutted her rectum surrounding the lower part of the butt plug.  The opening at the top of the rectum was now a gaping hole, inverted to outside her body and the base of the plug was visible up that hole.

Mary collapsed over the horse as her orgasm shook through.  Her upper body lay against the bench of the horse as her butt stuck out behind her, and sticking out of her ass a good six inches, was her rectum, about four inches across, a gaping hole at the end.  Mary collapsed like this, spent, exhausted, wanting to just be there forever.

(I switched to first person as it is easier to write)

I laid partially draped over the horse, taking in deep breaths, my heart pounding.  There was a wonderful ache in my ass.  I rested there while my body stabilized, lost in my own space.  Gradually I became more aware of my surroundings, hearing the gentle patter of my juices hitting the floor, the fire in my nipples from the clamps and above all, the weight of my prolapsed rectum.  Groaning I straightened up and could feel the plug adjusting itself inside me.  The base was in my rectum but outside my anus, the plug still in my colon.  I asked him if he would remove my clamps, which he did, then massaging my breasts.  This time the pain of removal was not arousing, but his touch was.

I reached behind and felt the extension of my rectum.  Not believing what I was feeling I walked (waddled?) over to the full length mirror.  Jutting out of my ass was a huge mass that was my rectum.  A bright red tube of flesh with a gaping hole in the end, it was the entrance to my colon, and it was outside my body.  I was not sure how I felt about this mentally, but physically it was amazing.

Just then the doorbell buzzed.  I looked at him questioningly and all he did was jerk his head up, telling me to go open the door.  Without hesitation I started towards the steps upstairs.  I could actually feel my rectum bouncing and the plug jostling my insides.  I exaggerated my steps on the stairs and rolled my hips a bit more than normal, but the feeling inside made me, made the slut inside come out.  I held my hand over my abdomen and I could feel it moving inside of me.  I slid my hand down between my legs and lightly brushed my fingers back and forth across my clit, causing me to tighten up inside and squeeze my inner muscles around the plug.  My pussy was being agitated and I like agitation.

Strutting through the house to the door, back arched, pussy out, legs widespread, I peered through the peephole.  It was Sue, my best friend, my sister sub who sometimes switched me, something I could never do with her, or anyone else.  Often I had been her pet.  I opened the door, stark naked, and hoped no one was passing by in front of the house.  Sue looked at me and started laughing, she knew me pretty well.  I let her in and closed the door while she looked me up and down.  She noticed that my nipples were long and jutting out but still slightly flattened from the clamps, and the red marks on my aureole.  She reached out and softly stroked my breasts.

When I turned to walk her down to the dungeon she saw my ass and froze.  "Whoa! She exclaimed, what happened?"  I gave her the story quickly as we headed back down.  She was very excited by it, this is something she had never seen before, and it also explained why my rectum was still prolapsed from my body, being held out by the plug.  She began removing her clothes on the stairs and only had to step out of her shorts when we got down to the dungeon.  Undressed, she smile acknowledged him with a smile then turned back to me.  She took hold of one of my nipples and led me over to the sling and helped me into it.

Sue stared at my prolapsed rectum for the longest time, seeing it pulse with the beat of my heart.  She reached out one hand and brushed her fingers through my matted pubic hair, her other hand sliding between her own legs and stroking herself.  It was as if she was trying to accept what she was seeing, but clearly she accepted it enough to be aroused by the sight of it.  Finally she dropped to her knees, her face inches away from me, and slid her hand from my pubic hair, across my pussy and wrapped her hand partly around my rectum.  It was far to big for her to close her hand around and she just stroked it, milked at it.  Then leaning forward, I saw her tongue come out and tentatively she licked it.  Then more aggressively, all the while she was stroking herself.  She licked me, feeling how soft the tissue was, how pebbly the surface.  She took my prolapse in both hands and milked it, as if she were stroking a cock.  She tongued the end, then slowly inserted her tongue inside.  At first she just flicked her tongue in and out, but was soon pressing her lips to the end of my prolapsed rectum, working it in as deeply as she could.

I did not have a great deal of sensitivity there, but I could feel it nonetheless.  But the most erotic part was watching her.  She actually began to make love to it.  Both hands wrapped around my rectum, holding it; her mouth pressed tightly against the end, open, her lips curled back, her tongue digging inside me.  I had dropped a hand down and was quietly fingering myself, feeling my pussy trying to react to that.  She looked up at me and told me that she could feel the pulsations of my vagina.  Then she said that she had to try and pull the plug out.  I looked over at him, who was just sitting in a chair watching us.  He made no reaction so I let her go ahead.  She stood up, and started to slide a hand inside of my prolapsed rectum as it stuck out six inches from my ass.  She sort of breathed out "oh my god" over and over.  She was unable to comprehend that her hand was entering my colon, but was outside my body.  

Her hand went in easily and she pushed it in until it reached the base of the plug.  I was a little nervous now, afraid that when she pulled it out, more would come along with it.  Her finger tips  hooked over the flange of the base and she started to pull.  I wanted to help her by pushing but was afraid to do that, so I laid there, relaxing my anus as much as I could.  It actually started to come out with not much effort and I watched transfixed as my rectum began to widen both where her hand was and where the plug was, with a little narrower collar between where the base and the actual plug was.  It mushroomed out to about six inches across and turned a more pink color than the bright red.  Slowly her hand came out withdrawing the plug but my rectum hardly came out any further.  It began to collapse as she withdrew further until finally her hand was visible outside of it, then the plug.  Like a cock retreating back into its sheath my rectum just oozed back inside me.

Sue looked at me again, her eyes wide and wondering.  When the plug left me my compressed pussy blossomed out and a substantial amount of the remaining juices began to flow out.  Sue commented how I must have had one hell of an orgasm as she watched the flow draining out of me.  She slid her right hand into my cunt and swirled it around a bit, then withdrew it.  She had done this to get her hand lubricated, then she slid it through my anus.  It was at this moment that I became just a piece of meat to her, something to play with, to explore.  She wouldn't be really concerned with me, she only wanted to use me to experiment with and satisfy her own cravings, and curiosity.  She took her hand out and balled it into a fist, then with a short jab she plunged it into my ass.

I jumped slightly at this and sucked in my breath.  My asshole was relaxed and loose, it didn't hurt, but I was caught unawares.  But I liked it, not being in the mood for anything slow and sensual.  Her eyes were glued to my ass as she pushed her hand in deeper.  She easily went to mid forearm and passed into my colon.  This was the point where I really started to get excited.  It was where I could see her hand inside me as it pressed up the skin of my belly.  This visual proof of what was happening inside me was the most erotic thing.  I could identify with the fist inside, as if I became part of that fist and could go with it as it wormed its way inside me.  It reinforced that I had part of a human inside me, the intensity and intimacy of that was incredible.......a human hand was traveling through my body and I was turned on beyond belief.

Her arm penetrated more deeply, nearing her elbow.  My eyes flipped back and forth between watching her arm and following her progress from the outside where my abdomen showed how deeply she was inside of me.  My pussy started to flow, little seeps of my juices dribbling out.  Sue would bend forward and lick it up, unconsciously running her tongue over her lips, getting all the taste she could.  Damn! The girl was tasting me and I loved it.  My hand was on my clit again.  I tried to see as much as I could by pushing myself up with my elbows, and although there was considerable give in the sling, I was able to see pretty well.  As her elbow snaked into my body, I was getting fully in sync with her.  I didn't have to watch now, I could see her inside of me in my mind.  I knew exactly what was going on with my eyes closed.

I laid my head back, absently stroked myself and let my head do the rest.  With labored breathing I felt her take me.  My hand fell away from my clit, it was all inside me now.  My pussy began to churn, my entire body fluttered.  I knew when her elbow was inside me.  Even if I hadn't felt it I knew she was now lapping my cream up continuously, letting it flow into her mouth and down her throat.  I could sense how far she was inside my by the changing angle of her mouth.  As her bicep entered more deeply she had to turn her face down.  Now it was difficult for her to tongue as low as my cunt and her tongue was on my clit.  I had to remind myself to breathe.  All there was in the world was her arm deep inside me, the sensations coursing through my body, the stimulation on my clit.

I began to rise to my orgasm.  I felt it dually.  Physically all the old familiar signs were there, and yet another part of me was watching all of this in awe, transfixed that a human was this deep inside.  I heard Sue whisper to me that my heart was pounding.  She could feel it beating against her forearm.  My butt cheeks were clenching and unclenching, my thighs vibrating.  The most sensitive area, where I could actually feel anything was at my asshole.  All the rest I knew, could sense, could see, but not so much with actual nerve transmission.  But ahhhhhhh, at my anus, I could feel her upper bicep sliding into me.  I could feel the change from the regular oval shape of her bicep to the irregularity of her armpit and shoulder as they neared my ass.  They were between my ass cheeks now and my body began to tighten.  My pussy began to open and close, almost pushing itself from body.  My breathing was hard, rapid.  As her shoulder touched my anus, then pressed hard against it, Sue pushing it back into my body, going for the ultimate depth she could, I exploded.

My orgasm ripped though me as I came on her arm.  She said that she could feel the spasms running down her arm and she groaned slightly as I squeezed down on her.  I collapsed fully into the sling and just let it run through me.  As my orgasm began to ebb, and lessened the pressure on her arm, she began to withdraw.  I laid there in my own world, feeling her withdraw as I continued to cum.  every time she passed through a restricted point it re-intensified my orgasm and the convulsions of my body continued.  When there were only a few inches of her arm left inside me she unclenched her fist and spread her fingers wide, then continued to pull her arm out.

Once again my rectum began to emerge through my anus, this time wrapped around her arm.  It pulsed as something alive and separate from me.  I watched in amazement as it continued to be pulled from inside me.  Didn't she know that I wanted her back inside?  I wanted her shoulder pressed against my asshole.  I wanted to push my own arm deep inside me, alongside her arm, opening me up to even greater amounts, stretching and widening my rectum and intestines, expanding my colon.  Instead she was exiting my body, pulling my rectum out.  Suddenly I noticed he was standing next to Sue, watching as her arm left my body, dragging my rectum with her.  He was erect, hard as steel, his cock bloated and ready.  The prolapse seem to roll out of me, until it was once again a good six inch mass.  Her hand inside, pressing hard with her fingers on my guts, and especially pussy.  I could see it pulsing with the contractions of my orgasm.  I began to involuntarily squirt and it drenched Sue.  Quickly she pressed her mouth over my vagina and drank me in.

He began to slide his cock along Sue's arm and pulled her head away from my pussy so that I squirted all over both of them.  He grabbed his cock and pushed it along her arm until it was pressed against my rectum.  With little hesitation it began to enter me.  I was almost uncomprehending, in disbelief as I watched his cock enter.  This was unreal, almost too much for me to grasp.  He was starting to fuck my ass, but it was on the outside.  I could watch his cock bulge out my rectum, literally see it, not just imagine it.  I watched the bulge his cock made in my prolapsed rectum as the head plowed in.  His cock was over six inches long so when his pubic hairs nestled against the end of my prolapsed rectum the head of his cock was in my colon.  Then he began to fuck me in and out.  I couldn't believe it and my body convulsed harder.  I was gulping for breath, my body shaking as I watched him fucking my ass.  My rectum pulsating, widely stretched around Sue's arm and rippling over his cock.  I could see every movement of his cock, I could see him fucking inside my body, unreal!

He was ready to explode and in just a minute of furious fucking he began to shoot.  Quickly withdrawing his cock from my rectum he shot his cum over it.  Spurt after spurt spraying the shiny surface of my rectum, coating it with his jism.  Before the squirting of my pulsating cunt could wash it away Sue was sucking it up.  Her lips spread over my prolapsed insides and sucked up his cum.  Her mouth was shiny with it, glistening, her cheeks were wet with a combination of his cum and my creamy spending.  She jerked her forearm and fist out of me.  My rectum began to retreat back into my body, but then as another convulsion shook my body it would pop back out.  As I continued to cum my rectum moved in and out with each contraction.  They both watched with me, it looked as I if I was being fucked by my own rectum.  Sue spun around and bent over, pushing her cunt against my spasming and prolapsed rectum.


Sue was trying to fuck herself on my ass.  She was bent over pulling her pussy open with her hands, trying to stab my rectum into her cunt.  I was finally coming down off my orgasm, my world centering on my ass and here she was, trying to fuck herself on me.  Her butt was pressed against mine but it wasn't going inside her.  She ground against me, pulling her cheeks apart to open up more.  Then, just a bit, my rectum slid into her.  Push! She cried and then He told me to push out my ass.  I pushed hard, holding my breath and my rectum began to slide into her.  I kept pushing, keeping my muscles tense while trying to breathe at the same time.  I felt her fucking herself, her ass bouncing off mine.  My rectum remained out, a two inch thick tube, six inches long, repeatedly entering her cunt.  I pushed hard, his cum that had been shot into me, the juices from my ass, all were injected into her pussy.  Her vagina milked my prolapsed rectum as she frantically rubbed her clit.

When she came she dropped to her knees, then her side, fingering her clit.  I fell back into the sling, sweating, heart pounding, mouth dry.  He lifted me up out of the sling and laid me on the bondage table.  I laid there, in a new place of subspace, letting my body talk to me.  My muscles ticked over, breathing quieting, licking my lips, I floated.  Then Sue was next to me, climbing on to the table, straddling me with her knees and sliding her pussy to my dry mouth.  I slid my tongue between my lips and licked her wet pussy, tasting everything that had just happened on her swollen lips.  I opened my mouth wide and pushed my tongue inside her vagina.  She relaxed and flooded my mouth with all that was in her.  His cum, my anal spending and her cream poured in.  I reveled in having it slosh around, swilling it all with my tongue.  My mind played with the idea of letting it slide down my throat rather than pushing it out to ooze over my face.

I felt Sue slide down my body, her thighs flattening my breasts and bending over my rigid nipples.  Her pussy dragged over my chin, as she slid further down her cunt spread across my chest.  I felt the heat of her and the moist trail she left behind.  My skin was cool where she had left her moisture, pubic hair rough on my skin, her ass cheeks dragging across my mound.  Ohhhhhhh, it was so erotic.  I let all the juices from her cunt and my rectum slide down my throat, let it enter my stomach.  I now had part of him, her and myself settling into my belly, resting where it was supposed to be, back inside me.

He placed a blindfold over my eyes, cuffed my hands to the top of the table and pulled my body down towards the base.  My arms straightened out until I was tightly stretched, my ass at the end of the table.  I was open to them, they could do whatever they wanted to me and I would lie there and accept it, want it, need it.  I felt helpless to resist but would not have resisted if I could.  I wanted to be used, to have disgusting things done to me, to be debased and degraded.  I would not be able to see what they were doing, just feel it.

Sue's hand was pressing against my asshole, but differently.  Quietly she told me that she was holding a dildo in her hand, it was eighteen inches long and two inches thick, and she was going to hold it while she fucked my ass with her hand.  My arms were stretched above me and tied off, breasts flattened but nipples erect.  I loved my nipples when they were hard and swollen, almost an inch long.  I loved playing with them feeling the hard rubbery surface, bending them over and letting them snap back into place.  I loved having them poke through my clothing, feeling the fabric rubbing them.  He clamped them now and stretched the chains to an eyelets at the level of my waist.  They were pinched in the clamps and pulled down and outward.

Sue entered my ass with her hand, bulkier now with the dildo.  I began to feel the resistance of her entering me as she spread me open.  When her knuckles began in, there was a moment of pressure, then she was in.  Slowly she pushed deeper.  I could feel her slide in, the dildo pressing against my anal ring, dragging my anus a little bit inside my body.  When she reached the inner sphincter I could feel her push it before her hand.  She was taking it slowly, adding pressure gradually.  It began to open, yielding slightly to the bulk of her fist, then it yawned open, riding up over her fist, encompassing her hand, sliding over her knuckles then down her wrist.  She was past the second hurdle and pushed quickly into my colon.  With my body stretched out my abdomen would be flat and her fist moving inside me would have been visible running up my body.  I could visualize the bulge of it moving up my belly, just to the left side of center.

Her elbow would be close now, about to go inside me.  She reached the turn in my intestines, her elbow entering.  I was feeling stretched now.  With the dildo it was close to having two arms in me.  Her hand was worming its way in, elbow passing through my anus.  There was an ache in my ass that felt good.  My nipples getting stretched every time I took a breath.  I could feel her hand deep inside, just under my rib cage.  She must be able to feel my ribs bumping along her hand by know.  I tried to take a deep breath to relax, my chest rising, my nipples stretching.  I couldn't quite take as deep a breath as I wanted, her hand was compressing my lungs.  I fought the panic of not being able to take a full breath, knowing that when she got in a little more it would ease off.  Her hand reappeared now, moving below my rib cage, across my body.  All my thoughts and feeling were centered inside me.  I could see her hand inside me, snaking its way through my intestines, gripped tightly around the dildo.  I could see my organs moving out of the path of her arm.

As she slid her bicep into my body I could feel her breath on my belly as her head came close to me.  There was a sudden release of pressure on my anus as the end of the eighteen inch dildo passed through.

Oh my god!  It was entirely in my body, only the top portion of her bicep was outside.  The entrance to my colon was swelling from additional thickness of her elbow sliding into my intestines.  Then she was all the way in, her shoulder once again pressed against my asshole.  My entire anal tract itched, buzzed with the sensations of having her entire arm inside me.  My pussy was leaking, coating her shoulder.  I could smell myself, a mixture of my vaginal cream and sweat.  My insides began to itch more, my asshole beautifully aching by being stretched around her arm.  My cunt twitched spasmodically.

Something else was now pressing on my anus.  For a moment I was puzzled by what it was, then I realized it was his fingers sliding inside.  I wanted to scream NO! NO!, but I didn't, couldn't, I wanted it too much.  I wanted to be a huge canyon for them.  To feel their arms in me, unbelievably stretched, beyond what was humanly possible.  My body jerked with the thought, involuntarily, reacting to the possibility.  I couldn't wait.  PLEASE! I thought PLEASE!  Open me up, spread me, fuck me.  He was having trouble getting it in.  My body slid up on the sweat soaked table by the force he was using trying to get in me.  My nipples were stretched, pulling my breasts down hard.  I prayed that the clamps would not pull off.  I was nearing an orgasm and the pain in my nipples was bringing me to the edge.  I centered on my nipples, feeling them being pulled, stretched hard.  The stretching continued, the aphrodisiac nature of the pain enough, and I came.  I convulsed on Sue's arm.  Waves of my orgasm spreading through me.

He took that moment to push hard and his hand popped in.  The sudden shock cut off my orgasm.  My mind screamed, searching for an explanation.  That had never happened before, just to cut off an orgasm like that.  I lurched up, against my collared arms.  The clamps on my nipples snapped off, a jolt of pain searing them.  But he was in, that was the important thing.  My ass ached more, stretched more.  My flattened cunt twitched harder, tremors of lust overcoming the compression caused by my full rectum.  I could feel more expansion inside me as he formed his hand into a fist.  He had grabbed the end of the dildo.  He pushed more, interested only seeing if he could do it, if I could do it, take two full arms inside me.  He passed into my colon, an agony that knocked the breath out of me.  He dragged the dildo with him, doubling it over, sliding along Sue's arm.

I overheard them commenting on the bulge in my abdomen as they watched his hand sliding through my body.  As his hand began to slide across my body, past the turn, I couldn't breathe at all.  Struggling for breath I tried to let them know but only moans came out of my mouth.  Finally I could breathe a little and relaxed a bit.  His arm continued to creep into me.  I laid on the table, arms stretched above my head, legs widely spread by having two people between them as they hung over the edge.  My cunt spasmed continuously, coating both of them.  His hand was even with hers, but he kept going.  He plunged in more deeply, until they were shoulder to shoulder, forcing my legs even further apart.

I laid there, my mind screaming.  Try to imagine, collapsed limply on the table, two arms inside, cunt churning, spewing out cream.  No strength to resist, just twitching as the mind tried to comprehend,  then it started, my orgasm.  I didn't move a muscle, just laid there and came.  I convulsed on them, contractions sweeping across their arms.  I began to sob as my cunt contracted and spasmed.  My body was shaking uncontrollably and I was doing nothing, it was just pure lust plunging through me.  My body was vibrating as if electrical shocks were coursing through me.  I laid there and felt it wash over me.  He and Sue were being shaken, just by my ass.  Sue had let go of the dildo and had grabbed his wrist and held on.  I could hear there comments and it sounded as if they were driving down train tracks they were being so shaken by my ass.  They were mine, held captive by my body.

Comments to duress1959@yahoo.com

	http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/duress/
