Donna's First Naked School Day
byViredae©

Donna got up in the morning in a good mood and prepared to go to school: "It feels like it'll be great day, today!" Donna said to herself, chipper and pleasant.

Picking out her wardrobe, Donna settled on a nice skirt that showed off a good amount of her legs, and a slightly constricting shirt that conformed to her flowing curves of her 18 year old body on top of a normal, plain white set of underwear, she enjoyed the looks she got from dressing like this, even though sometimes those clothes tended to come off.

You see, Donna had a very unfortunate habit of "losing" her clothes; whether by accident or by design (often her own), Donna seemed to find herself naked in quite public settings, and the biggest problem was that she enjoyed it too much.

True, sometimes it wasn't her own hands that remove the clothes, but Donna could think of many instances where she could have easily gotten dressed again, instead, she often found herself at the mercy of her own lust, whether alone or with someone else.

Thinking to herself, Donna sighed at how torn she was about her numerous escapades, while she definitely enjoyed them (so much she actually initiated them herself), they still tended to garner her a bad reputation at school, not to mention the awkward silences she always walked in after any notorious incident that took place.

But Donna decided to put it off her mind, after all, she had to get to school, and she had to go the distance by foot; Donna didn't have a car, and it actually took less time to go by foot than it was to take the bus since her home was close to the first stop on the route.

And to top it off, Donna promised herself that this time around, she's going to keep her clothes, and she's going to keep her hands to herself; she enjoyed her adventures, but sometimes she felt it escalated too far too quickly, she didn't want to be known as the school slut.

Donna stepped out in the lovely weather that day, having worn her stylish sandals that let her feet breathe, she began her daily walk to the school, just then, a car pulled up next to her, next to the driver was her sister Laney.

Donna wasn't quite close with Laney, she knew her sister was embarrassed to be around her, and it did surprise her to see her sister in her friend's car as they drove up to her.

"You need a ride?" Laney asked her sister, the car was nearly full with two people in the front and two in the back.

"I don't know," Donna hesitated, she could see that her sister wasn't exactly happy about the idea, possibly because her friends were making her do this.

"Look, just get in here." exasperated, Laney commanded as the back door of the car opened and out came one of Laney's friends, a cute and slender girl with curly red hair.

"Okay..." Donna agreed and got into the car, shifting until she was sitting in the middle between Laney's two friends, the other whom was an asian girl with black hair styled in a short bob "What's the occasion?"

"We heard you like going out on certain... 'Daring adventures'." said the redhead who's name was Mary, and suddenly it dawned on Donna the reason why they wanted to pick her up, and also the reason they went out of their way to sandwich her in the middle of the car "Like say... arriving at school completely naked?"

"Uh... Maybe not that daring." Donna kinda lied, there was that one time she ended up skinny dipping in the school's swimming pool... In front of the whole class of freshman year, and if she were honest, she would have admitted on the spot that her heart skipped a beat at the idea they suggested, but she tried to push the idea out of her head, it was far too risky, even for her.

"Oh Donna, we weren't asking you." a mischievous glint in Mary's eyes made Donna regret taking them up on their offer, if only momentarily "You're gonna be naked when we get there."

Suddenly, Donna felt her arms being held behind her back; Mary had grabbed her and was holding her while the asian girl, Carly, began undressing her, starting with her sandals.

Once the footwear was off, Donna gasped as she saw Carly roll the window down and toss them out into the street, the way they held her meant that she couldn't see what happened to them, but she could just imagine them rolling in the street.

She then found herself helpless as Carly popped the button on her skirt, undid the zipper, then pulled the small piece of fabric down Donna's thighs until it piled on the car's floor, and despite this being a forced stripping, Donna found herself feeling just as aroused.

Donna's skirt followed her sandals out the window, flapping away as it vanished from sight, that's when she sighted Carly fishing a pair of scissors out of her bag.

"Since we're going to throw your clothes out the window, why not just cut them up?" Carly grinned as she snapped the scissors a few times before taking them to Donna's shirt, slicing it away until Donna was left sitting there in her underwear, watching her now sliced up shirt flying out the window, just the thought of that made Donna's nipples hard and her pussy wet.

As soon as the shirt went out the window, Carly went back and began snapping away the straps of Donna's bra, once it was loose, she felt the metal slide against her back, and so Donna felt her bra snatched off her lap as soon as it fell there, and it followed its companions out the window, with only her panties left.

Donna's full breasts were on display, and the two hard nipples that crowned them ached so badly, but Donna promised herself that she would keep her hands to herself, sure she also promised herself that she would keep her clothes on, but she didn't want to dwell on that.

"I knew your sister was a major slut, she's already so wet!" Carly quipped as she ran a finger down Donna's crotch, eliciting a moan from the tormented girl who now had her eyes closed "Well, those are already ruined, so let's get them off."

And so, Donna felt her panties sliding off her ass, this time around she even lifted her butt, allowing the bullies to easily strip her, and so her last piece of clothing was out the window as Mary let go of her arms.

And so there sat Donna, completely naked and hopelessly horny, her head was in a haze, she wanted to finger herself so badly, but she kept reminding herself of her promise.

"Look at her, she sooo wants to cum." Mary now took Donna's thigh and spread her leg open, taking a better look at Donna's spreading lips and erect clit, and all Donna could do was to clench the fabric of the seats, stopping herself from full-blown masturbation.

"I feel so sorry for her." Mary impishly suggested as she ran a finger around Donna's nipple, not outright flicking it, but teasing the already on edge girl "let's help her out."

Carly took the other breast in hand, though not as subtly as her friend; she was already kneading the large breast in her hand and pinching the nipple, Donna began to moan in response to the stimulation, and she basically lost all control of her body.

It didn't take long before the two girls' hands found their way to Donna's slit, fingering her and bringing her to an orgasm, Donna's juices were running all over the seats as she went limp.

It was soon after that Donna found herself at the school parking lot, she regained her wits after the orgasm, but found herself still wanting more, her horniness was still running wild, and she found herself aroused once again in no time.

Mary opened the door, letting the fresh air in, Donna dreaded what was coming next; she'd have to step out into the open completely naked, she looked out the back seat's window, and saw a great deal of students still loitering in the parking lot.

When Mary stepped out of the car, Carly began pushing Donna out, who was conflicted about getting out of the car in her naked state; on one hand, she was scared out of her mind as she'd never tried anything so blatant and bold. On the other hand, she was already wet again despite having orgasmed so recently.

Stepping out into the open air of the parking lot, Donna took a couple of steps into a more exposed spot, and the students began clapping and cheering as soon as they spotted the naked girl.

Donna, who was counting how many students around her, was surprised to feel herself orgasming yet again as the crowd began to cheer and without even being touched; it was another orgasm, but being seen by so many people in such an open place, the only one naked among maybe several classrooms' worth of people set her off so soon after her last orgasm, this was infinitely worse than the time at the pool.

She noticed the crowd were taking pictures and making videos of her walk to the school, and once the new sensation of anxiousness and fear began to wear off, Donna found herself enjoying the attention, and getting aroused by it yet again.

Thankfully, Donna remembered that her first class was physical education, meaning that she'd get to go to her locker and fish out a set of clothing she might get to wear for the day. Her promise to herself may yet be kept.

Running into the building and down the hall to the locker rooms, Donna was greeted by many other students, but thankfully, no teachers so far; her own teachers were aware of her antics and were sad to have them repeating so many times, but at least they understood, an unfamiliar teacher may not be so lenient.

Donna finally found herself in the women's locker room, she dashed to her locker and unlocked it, she was joyed to find the clothes she left there, for a moment at least.

When Donna took a closer look at her gym outfit, it seemed a bit strange: It looked like her outfit, but it almost seemed a couple of sizes too small. Did her mother wash them the wrong way? Or did someone break into her locker and replace them?

Donna didn't have the luxury of thinking about it too much, as her class was about to start, she arduously put them on, even hearing a few faint ripping sounds, or at least, she thought she did, she couldn't feel any ripped seams on the clothes, and dismissed it thusly.

She found out that she was right; these clothes were a very tight fit, leaving nothing to the imagination and even exposing her more than a normal outfit would, not to mention that these clothes seemed to be prone to ripping at the seams at any second.

And of course, the worst thing was that she had no underwear on, meaning you could see her hard nipples and shaved cameltoe through the outfit quite easily; she had no underwear to speak of, after all.

She gulped as she nervously opened the door to the gym, and walked in to see that most of the class had already gathered, surprisingly, the teacher was nowhere to be seen.

"Good of you to join us, Donna." Christy, the head cheerleader spoke up as she spotted the ridiculously dressed Donna, but as per her antics, the students stopped caring long ago; they were quite content with letting Donna embarrass herself "Please join the rest of the class for the announcement.

"As you all remember, Ms. straczynski is now Mrs. straczynski, and instead of getting a sub for this class, the school has seen it fit to put me in charge for budgetary reasons." Christy explained as Donna got in line with the rest of the crowd, she had no sooner stood still than she felt a hand pinch her butt, she whirled around to see who it was, but could not spot the culprit; she was often the victim of stray hands when she was in any of her exposing outfits (or lack thereof), and she really didn't mind, she just wished they wouldn't spring it on her like that.

"-So with that in mind, let's get to the warm ups," Christy had just finished and instructed the group to stretch their arms, rotating them as much as possible and stretching their backs, that's when Donna thought she heard yet another rip, and this time, she swore it came from her shirt, unfortunately, she didn't have enough time to check on her outfit.

"Alright, let's do the legs now." Christy announced as everyone placed their left foot in front of their right foot and stretched their muscles, Donna could hear another ripping sound from her shorts, her heart began pounding, and it got even worse when they switched their feet, Donna wondered how many have noticed any rips in her outfit, as she was too afraid to look.

This continued until the ripping sound stopped, it was then Donna realized that this was simply because the clothes had ripped as far as they could, and true to Donna's expectations, she could hear the whispers from her classmates around her.

Donna finally dared to look down, her outfit was a mess; the shorts were split right down the middle and was clearly showing her crack, while her shirt had a ripped seam right under her armpit, reaching all the way to the side of her breasts, she couldn't believe how bad it was.

Donna blushed as she could hear the giggles from the students around her, they could probably see everything, she closed her eyes shut again, as if hoping to shut out all the noise around her, but it didn't help.

"Donna! Is there something wrong?" She heard Christy shout out, and when Donna opened her eyes again, she could see the grin on her face that told her that even she was enjoying Donna's lustful panic.

"Uh... No, I-" Donna was only able to stutter out before Christy interrupted her.

"I can't hear you Donna, maybe you wanna come over here and tell me clearly?" Christy was having way too much fun with Donna's clear predicament, she didn't need Donna to step out in front of everyone else, but she sure seemed to enjoy it, Donna could feel her clit poking out of its hood as she slowly walked over to Christy. "Wow Donna, your outfit's a mess."

"Yeah..." Donna was quite embarrassed, she was loving it, and was extremely aroused, but she still felt the shame and humiliation that came with it, the students let out another round of laughter, this time louder than before.

"We can't have you exercising in that outfit, Donna." Donna felt a little bit of relief mixed in with regret, that is, until Christy's hands whipped out and ripped the ragged outfit completely off of Donna's body.

Donna almost had another orgasm once she realized she was standing naked yet again in front of her entire PE class, she was giving them all a clear full-frontal show, hard nipples and soaked pussy on full display.

"Off you go, get back to working out." Christy could barely contain her laughter as Donna returned to her spot in the crowd silently, still too shocked by the sudden stripping to even respond or talk back, she even obediently did the rest of the exercises with the team.

By the time class ended, Donna was a ball of lust and arousal, she was teased and groped throughout the class, but no one had the decency to put her out of her misery and bring her to orgasm, she was even so close to orgasm, but Christy stopped the other party from pushing her over the edge, and she found herself very desperate to cum when the bell rang.

Donna almost gave in to her urges and masturbated in the gym after class, but she caught herself and reminded herself of her promise.

Next came a routine that has already happened many times in the past to a lesser extent; she'd find herself in a compromising outfit, and without any way to change or get dressed, had to attend the next class in that form, it usually involved an angry or annoyed teacher, sometimes she was sent to the principal's office, but lately the school staff just gave up and let her get on with the class.

Granted, it was never this blatant, the worst examples Donna could remember was a tie between the time she only had a tight, white T-shirt barely large enough to cover her butt when she stood straight, and that time she was left with a very skimpy string bikini that often suffered wardrobe malfunction, not all of which were accidental, and some of which were even of her own doing.

Today it was an annoyed Mrs. Tannenbaum who told her that, despite her nudity, she would still have to give her presentation with Sally as planned, Donna was sure she'd had that nightmare before, except she recalled that she rather enjoyed having it, as attested to by the multiple masturbation sessions that it produced.

When the time came for Sally and Donna to give their presentation, the two stood up and Donna began her speech as Sally pointed out the relevant details on the projector screen and presented the relevant props, at first things were going relatively normal (or as normally as one can get with a naked speaker).

Donna barely heard the clack of the pointer Sally dropped underneath the teacher's desk before her partner dove down in search for it, and she barely held back a gasp as she felt Sally's tongue running over her already sensitive pussy.

Sally was probably the boldest of Donna's friends, she made no attempt to hide her attraction to Donna and her enjoyment of Donna's frequent embarrassing escapades, and was the most eager to share and deliver to her friend the pleasure she often found herself craving.

Sally's cunnilingus certainly made it hard for Donna to continue the presentation, but despite the impending climax, she still managed to speak clearly, though she did lose her place in the speech for a second when Sally inserted the supposedly missing pointer and stirred her loins with it as well.

Almost as if some floodgate was released, Donna hit her climax the moment she finished the presentation, her juices squirting out as she barely managed to not scream out in ecstasy from her pussy, which throbbed from the strength of her orgasm and fists clenching the edge of the desk as the students cheered excitedly.

Donna wondered if the teacher had noticed her orgasm, but she doubted it; the teachers were typically the only people not paying full attention to Donna when she was less than modestly dressed, as they avoided looking at her for any prolonged period of time.

And so the day continued with Donna absolutely bare naked, at that point, the class abandoned any modesty the moment they had the chance, and assaulted Donna's body with their hands the second the teachers stepped out.

In fact, a group of girls manhandled Donna to the blackboard and, with Donna bent over, fingered her to multiple orgasms. The only reason they stopped was because Donna could no longer stand and they had to bring her back to her seat before the next class started.

And so Donna managed to "survive" her first naked day at school, though to be honest, she enjoyed it immensely, and hoped she could do even more daring stunts, she reminded herself to thank her sister the next time she saw her as she sneaked her way home completely naked.

Finally at her doorstep, Donna saw a laid out lawn chair on her front yard, she smiled and laid back in the sun, slowly spreading her legs and taking in the warm sunlight. That's when she noticed someone peeking at her from behind the neighbor's fence.

Without looking directly, Donna realized it was Ernie, the next door neighbor's oldest son, he was the same age as Donna, she grinned and, having arrived to the safety of her home, decided that she had fulfilled her promise to herself as her hand began rubbing her aching clit while the other pulled at her nipple; despite having orgasmed so many times today, she was still feeling horny and somewhat unsatisfied. She knew what she needed.

"Mmmm, I sure could use a nice cock to fuck me." Donna announced loud enough for Ernie to hear, and the result of that declaration was an equally loud commotion, Ernie had apparently knocked something over in his surprise.

"Come out!" Donna's voice was slightly authoritative now, she knew she was in charge this time around as opposed to this morning.

And right on cue, Ernie stepped into the next yard over, he hesitantly poked his head over at first before walking up to Donna, who noticed that his eyes were torn between her luscious breasts and her glistening pussy.


"Now Ernie, you know it's not nice to sneak around spying on people, right?" Donna used a faux cross tone, as if lecturing Ernie for looking at his completely naked neighbor masturbating in the front yard.

"Um... I'm sorry." Ernie's shaky response was clearly more of panic at standing in front of such a naked knockout than fear for being caught.

"As punishment, I want you to drop your pants." Donna demanded as she nearly bore a hole in Ernie's shorts, his dick straining against them as he stood there for a second, unsure of what to do before hurriedly undoing his bottoms and dropping them with his underwear, his seven inch hard cock pointing skywards "Put it in me, Ernie."

"I... uh, I don't have a condom." The slight disappointment and panic conflicting on Ernie's face amused Donna, she decided to put his mind at ease:

"Just do it raw, I want it to feel as good as possible." Donna cooed, and with very little coaxing Ernie stepped up and thrust his shaft into Donna's sopping wet pussy.

Ernie began pounding Donna's pussy as hard and as fast as he could manage, forcing Donna to moan louder and louder, grinding her hips against his incoming cock as he toyed with her breasts and kissed her deeply, and thanks to Donna's horniness, it didn't take long before she found themselves nearing her climax.

With a loud declaration, Donna announced that she was cumming, this brought Ernie over the edge as he pumped her quivering pussy full of his semen at the same time her juices gushed out of her stuffed pussy.

In the glow of their joined orgasms, Ernie pulled his flaccid cock out of an exhausted Donna, and without saying another word, put his shorts on and stumbled back to his own house.

Donna, not wanting to waste this perfect moment, decided to work on her suntan a bit as she dozed off, naked and dripping cum from her pussy completely exposed in her own front yard.


