"Yeoh!" 

 I wish that fucker'd get his prick out my ass, it bloody well hurts. 

"Yeoh!" 

Still it's my own silly fault, I had to insist on coming hadn't I. Even 
though my sister warned me what would happen. I didn't believe 
her did I.

"Yeoh!"
Now some fucker is trying to get his prick into my pussy while the 
other bastard is still reaming my ass.

"Yeoh!"
-----------------------------------------------
	For weeks I'd been pleading with her to take me to the rugby 
club and for weeks she'd been refusing. 

"Do you have any idea what goes on in the Rugby club?" she had 
finally asked.

"Yea a lot of neat guys get pissed and sing a lot of dirty songs and 
touch the girls up a lot," I replied.

"You have no fuckin idea do you."

"What's up, afraid I'll steal your boyfriend or something?"

"What, you, don't make me laugh."

"OK so why can't I go?"

"Because if you do you'll get the ass fucked off you."

"I've been fucked before," I replied.

"I rather expect you have. How many times?"

"Couple of dozen."

"Ever been fucked in the ass?"

"No! Well actually once. I didn't like it much."

"Ever been gang banged?"

"Only at Timmies, party. It was great I came and came and came."

"OK If you really do want to go to the Club be round at my place 
seven sharp on Friday Night. Put your hair in pigtails and wear your 
school uniform."

"Why my school uniform?"

"Because you're going to be a sexy school girl. Might as well give 
them a thrill. Oh, and wear your tightest blouse and shortest school 
skirt."

-----------------------------------------------
"Gulp."

He's got to be fuckin kidding, I can't swallow that. The other fuckers 
are still reaming my ass and pussy and now oh gawd it's in my 
throat! I'm going to suffocate!

-----------------------------------------------
	Seven on Friday saw me knocking on Tracie's door. She 
answered still wearing her dressing gown.

"Well, what do you think?" I asked twirling around.

"Not bad but you'll have to loose the bra and panties," she replied.

"W-what?"

"Loose the bra and panties. No underwear allowed in the club."

"You're kidding right?"

"No I'm deadly serious. No undies, and if there's any hair on your 
pussy there's a razor in the bathroom."

"You've got to be joking."

"OK Mandy. Bye bye, I'll see you next week. I've got things to do."

	So that was her little game, piss me off so I wouldn't go. I'd 
show her so I headed off to the bathroom.

"Got rid off the hair and panties," she asked when I returned. She 
didn't have to ask about the bra as my tits were completely visible 
through the tight white blouse.

I pulled my skirt up giving her a full frontal of my now hairless 
pussy. 

"I hope you're ready for this little sister. You're going to get the ass 
screwed off you tonight."

Now I knew she was kidding. Off she went to get dressed.

-----------------------------------------------
	What the fuck was happening now. The three pricks had 
dumped their loads in my three openings. The guy in my throat, 
who had thankfully allowed me to breathe, had dumped most of his 
wad into my mouth but there were great big dollops of his splatter 
matted into my hair. They had me up on my knees and someone 
was pulling my ass cheeks apart. What the fuck! someone was 
finger fucking me. 

-----------------------------------------------
	Tracy came back and wow! what a tart! Loose white crop top 
didn't quite cover her boobs. Black micro mini, more a belt than a 
skirt. Red nylons, suspenders and black heals. I had never known 
Tracy to dress so brazenly. Perhaps she hadn't been joking. Had I 
made a mistake. No she's only trying to get me to go home.

-----------------------------------------------
	"Oh shit!" 

What the fuck was he doing. He had at least four fingers in there.  

"You cant' get any more fucking fingers in there?" I shouted, trying 
to turn my head to see what was happening.

"Relax baby plenty of room for more."

"Yeoh!"

"That's it baby my whole fuckin hand's in there. Just relax and I'll 
give you the fist fucking of your life."

-----------------------------------------------
	As we drove to the club Tracy's skirt rode up and her pussy 
was completely visible. 

"You're just trying to piss me off aren't you?" I asked.

"Think so? I'm just trying to persuade you to go home before you 
get hurt."

"Why would they hurt me?"

"Oh they won't do it on purpose. No it's worse, much worse than 
that."

"What the fuck do you mean?"

"Just wait and see."

-----------------------------------------------
	"Oh gawd!" It hurt. 

The fucker was pushing his hand in and out of my stretched twat. 
What the fuck did he think he was doing. Oh thank fuck, it's out. 
thank fuck. Now some guy's shoving his cock in me.

-----------------------------------------------
	"Hi guys' this is my little sister Mandy and she's hot to trot," 
Tracy announced to everyone as we entered the club.

There must have been eighteen lads and a dozen girls sitting 
around the bar. Oh shit! six of the girls were topless and another 
two were completely naked. Two more were giving guys blow job 
and one was getting fucked. Tracy hadn't been kidding. I'll make a 
bolt for the door.

-----------------------------------------------
	I was beginning to relax and even cum a little. The guy 
reaming my pussy was being gentle.

"Oh shit! What the fuck now?"

"Relax doll, just seeing what you can do," the fucker kneeling 
behind me said as he shoved a couple of fingers into my ass.

-----------------------------------------------
	"Hi Tracy, I'm Paul," said  the guy sitting closest to us.

"Hi Paul, nice to meet you."

"Come over and suck on this," as he undid his zipper and pulled out 
a huge cock. 

How do I get the fuck out of this. Me and my big mouth. 

"You asked for this now put up or shut up," giggled Tracy.

Gingerly I knelt down and took his knob end between my lips. Shit it 
was big, and it tasted salty. He took hold of my pigtails and pulled 
my head down into his lap.

"Swallow it baby, I know you can do it."

	I couldn't believe he was cumming so quickly and the cunt 
wanted me to swallow his cum. Oh shit no he wasn't. He wanted 
me to swallow his dick. Pull back, try to break free but it's no use. 
He has my pigtails firmly in his hands and is pulling my head down. 
His knob end is pressing against my tonsils, I'm going to throw up. 
Gulp. The fucking thing's in my throat.   

	What the fuck now. Someone was pulling me to my feet but 
the prick was still embedded in my throat. Shit he's spreading my 
ass cheeks. Now his cocks pushing its' way into my pussy. How the 
fuck do I stop this. I need to breathe. I'm going to suffocate

	"Hey Billy, the bitch's taken my entire fist in her ass. Hurry up 
and shoot your wad and I'll see if she can take my other fist in her 
twat as well."

Oh shit, how did I get into this. Perhaps Tracy could get me free. 
Where the fuck is she. There she is, kneeling over there. What the 
fuck? They're trying to get the wrong end of a whisky bottle inside 
her. Why's she letting them do that. Why the fuck am I letting them 
do this. 

	Just then the guy in my pussy dumped his load and slipped 
free. They were spreading me wide open. What were they trying to 
do, find out what I had for breakfast. 

"Yeoh!. Please stop. It hurts. Please no more."

"Relax doll, you can take this, and more, or so your sister says."

"Yeoh."

"Hey lads, the pretty little schoolgirls' taken both my fists inside her 
at once."

"Yeoh"!."

"Someone plug that trap while I fist fuck the bitch."

"Gulp Glug. Swallow."

A fuckin cock was down my throat. Oh shit what the fuck. I have to 
get out of this. It hurts like fuck. Please stop. Oh Shittttttttt!.
 
"Hey lads, Do you reckon she'll take a couple of bottles?"

Please no. Not after the fists. If this fucker gets his prick out of my 
throat I'll scream. Great he's pulling it out.

"Gasp. Gasp. Gasp. Gulp Glug. Swallow."

Shit it's back in my throat again. Please no. Nooooooooooooo.

"Come on Martin. You'll need to spread her wider than that or it'll 
never go in. Come on wider! Wider!. That's it it's in, just a little 
deeper and I'll spread her ass so you can shove the beer bottle in."

Oh gawd. I can't take this I'll pass out. And this bastard's 
suffocating me with his big fat salty prick. I bet he hasn't washed it 
for a week. 

"Gasp. Gasp. Gasp. Gulp Glug. Swallow."

"OK Martin. I'll pull her ass apart you slide the fat end in. Shit the 
bitch's tight. You wouldn't think I just had my hand in there. Just. A. 
Minute. I'll. Have. It. There, get the fucking thing in. That's it, all 
done. Now I'll just push them both as deep as I can. OK that's it, all 
in. 

"Glug, glug, glug."

I was swallowing a load of cum. Fuck, those bottles hurt like hell. 
What the fuck were they doing now. Someone was picking me up, 
I'm lying on the bar, their spreading my legs wide.

"Please no stop. It hurts."

"Relax doll. The guys just want to see me bottle fuck your twat and 
ass."

My knees were up in the air and held wide apart. The bottles were 
being worked in and out of my aching holes. Oh shit it hurts. It 
hurts.

"Please stop. Please no. No more. It hurts... Oh shit I'm cumming 
I'm cumming. I'm cummmmiiiinnnngggg. I'm cummmmiiiinnnngggg. 

	I woke up lying on the bar, the two bottles still inside me. The 
lads had left me alone. They were torturing some other poor shit. 
Where's Tracy, Over there. 

"Tracy, you OK."

"I'm OK," she panted.

"What's wrong?"

She was kneeling on top of a table on all fours, knees apart, head 
resting on her arms. Slowly she shuffled around. Holy shit, she had 
a whisky bottle in her ass.

"You OK," she asked.

"I'll survive. What the fuck are they doing now?"

"Rasdus is fucking Janine."

"Who the fuck's Rasdus?" I asked.

"Hey lads, Mandy wants to see what's happening," shouted Tracy 
hoarsely.

The mob parted and Oh no. Not that. They couldn't. A very pretty 
girl with long blond hair was kneeling on the floor. A great big black 
motherfucker of a dog was straddled over her and appeared to be 
fucking the shit out of her. 

"They've shoved a beer bottle into her twat so the dog has to fuck 
her ass. He's just got his knot inside so they'll be stuck together for 
ages," said Tracy.

"Knot. What the fuck's his knot?"

"It's the bulb at the end of his prick. Once you've got it inside it 
swells up so you can't pull free."

"I suppose you know all about that do you?" I asked mockingly.

"I've had it in me a couple of times. Hey lads, Mandy wants to fuck 
Bouncer?" My sister shouted.

"No I fuckin don't."

	"Come on Doll," someone said. "You've been a good sport so 
far. Do you want Bouncer to fuck your pussy or ass. Or perhaps 
you'd like to blow him?"

"No I fuckin wouldn't."

"In that case pussy or ass?."

"I'm not fuckin no fuckin dog."

"Pussy or ass?"

"No fuckin way!"

"Hey lads she's going to let Bouncer Fuck her ass!"

"No I'm fuckin no.... What the fuck are you doing. No stop please. 
Nooooo!!!"

I was kneeling beside Janine who still had a dog cock in her ass. 

"Just relax, it's not so bad. Just let him do it and you'll be OK," she 
said.

Someone slid the bottle out of my ass. Then I felt a rough tong lick 
my behind. Oh please. No. It was a Hugh motherfucker of a dog.

"Just relax. you've still got the bottle in your pussy so the only place 
he can go is your heinie. If you don't struggle everything'll be OK," 
someone said close to my ear.

The animal was straddling my naked back and I felt it's prick probe 
about at my ass. Someone guided it into my but. Oh shit I can't 
believe I'm actually being fucked in the ass by a dog. Oh shit it's 
big, and hot. What the fuck is someone trying to get their fist in as 
well.

Janine said, "It's his knot. It'll hurt like hell when he pushes it in. But 
then it'll be all right. You'll probably cum."

"No I fuckin won't. Oh! it hurts. It hurts."

"It's just the knot, it's in now. You're stuck for an hour or so. Just let 
him fuck you and after he cumms he'll just relax and stand there. 
After a while the knot'll shrink and he'll pull free. Mine's just about to 
come out." 

The black motherfucker was humping my ass and I still had the 
bottle in my twat. If I ever got out of this alive I'd fuck my sisters' ass 
with a baseball bat. Maybe someone's already done that.

"I'm cumming. Holy shit, I'm cumming. I'm cummmmiiiinnnngggg!."

I can't believe this. I'm kneeling here. Stark bollock naked. A bottle 
in my pussy. A fuckin great dog dumping his load in my heinie and 
a crowd egging him on. And apparently he was going to be stuck 
inside me for another hour! Shit! Shit! Shit!

	"Well little sister still think I was joking about the club?. Still 
think I was exaggerating?"

Tracy was kneeling beside me and the dog that had been straddling 
Janine was looming over her back.

"He's going to fuck my pussy. With this whisky bottle in my ass he 
won't be able to get his knot in so he'll just dump his load and go 
away. I'll probably be finished before you are. Didn't I tell you? 
Every girl here gets a bottle and dog cock inside her before closing 
time. Oh shit. He's trying to get his knot in. It won't go. But he's 
pushing and pushin.... Aieoooh!!! The fuckers got it in. Oh shit his 
knot's in my pussy. Oh shit I can't take it. I can't take it. Aieoooh!!!"

Serve's the fuckin bitch right. 

The dog fucking me had relaxed and was just hovering over me 
panting, his knot stuck inside my aching ass. The one fucking my 
sister was still going like a demon. And she was cumming. There 
was a tug.

"Aieoooh!!!."

The fucker was free and I just collapsed onto the floor and passed 
out. I awoke sitting in a chair. Shit it hurt. The bottle was still in my 
pussy and. Oh shit, someone had stuck another one in my ass. 
Two other girls were kneeling on the floor with dogs over them. 
One, Tony I think, had a guy under her. Shit she was getting double 
fucked by a guy and a dog. And holy shit the other girl also had a 
guy under her only both he and the dog were fucking her arse at the 
same time. And the dog had his knot inside her!

	Eventually, sometime around two, the lads, and dogs had all 
disappeared leaving us girls alone. We were all covered in and full 
of cum, human and animal. We were also full of bottles. The 
fuckers had left all our holes plugged. Thankfully I only had beer 
bottles inside me. The others, however, all had much bigger, spirit, 
bottles firmly inside them. 

	Slowly we helped each other remove the hole stretching 
bottles and get, unsteadily, to our feet. Searching for my clothes I 
found them covered in cum, beer and, I think, piss. 

"Don't worry love, there's something to wear in the next room."

I hobbled into the next room. As I did so the cum, piss and shit was 
running down my legs from my aching, gaping holes.

"It'll stop in a couple of hours, the cum and shit running down your 
legs. Your pussy and ass will shrink back down to size and the cum 
and piss'll stop running down your legs," said Tracy as she hobbled 
beside me. I looked at her. Shit she looked worse than me. There 
was a trail of shit and cum behind her. 

"Why do you fuckin come here? Why do you let these fuckers do 
this to you?"

"I like it," she said.

"You like it. You Like It! Getting fucked in the ass by a dog! Getting 
a whisky bottle stuck inside you! Getting gang raped!"

"I wasn't Raped. I wanted them to do it. I let them do it. I enjoyed 
them doing it."

"Well I was raped. I didn't want them to do it. I didn't just let them do 
it. And I sure as fuck didn't enjoy them doing it."

"Relax sis, it's over, for now anyway. Oh, by the way don't even 
think about going to the police or mum and dad. If you do the 
photos they took will be all over the internet."

"What photos?" I squeaked.

"Oh the ones of you sucking a big cock with a fist in both holes. The 
ones of you being double bottle fucked and the ones of Bouncer 
fucking you're arse while you had a beer bottle in your twat."

The clothes they provided for us consisted off long tee shirts that 
just about covered our asses. Half an hour later I was asleep in 
Tracy's spare room.

	I woke around noon. Yeoh! my ass and pussy were sore as 
hell. I shit a load of cum and pissed what felt like broken glass. 
After pulling on a dress that Tracy had left for me I hobbled down to 
the living room. 

"Hi there. How you feeling this morning?"

Tracy was sitting in the kitchen eating toast and drinking coffee. 
She was stark naked!

"Fuckin sore if you must know," I hissed.

"Not surprised," she replied. That was quite a lot for a first timer. 
Still, at least they saved the whisky bottles for next week."

"Next week. Next fuckin week! Do you think I'm goin back there 
next week to get fucked with whisky bottles and all that other shit?"

"Oh you'll go back all right. You'll think about it and you'll realise 
how good it was and how much you came and how much you loved 
all those blokes seeing you doing all those unspeakable things and 
you'll wank yourself silly thinking about it and next Friday you'll be 
here at seven with a shaved pussy and without any panties or bra. 
We'll go to the club and you'll get fucked bandy again."

"What happens if they find out I'm only fifteen?"

"What age do you think I was when they first gang banged me? 
What would you say if I told you Janine was only fourteen. They 
don't give a shit, just so long as you let them fuck the crap out of 
you."


	Friday night, seven p.m. I'm standing on Tracy's doorstep. I'm 
wearing calf length patent black boots, Red nylons, suspenders, A 
dress that plunged down the back below my ass crack and did little 
if anything to cover my tits. I just hoped it wasn't more than I could 
bear when they stuffed the whisky bottles into my twat and ass!
  

 


  



  






