The Interview
by MellowJoe

She walks to an interview for a new job. Shenanigans ensue.

It was a lazy Thursday morning. I was lounging around my dorm room, doing nothing in particular. I was about to start college in the upcoming fall semester, and had just moved in two days ago. I'd heard that this coming weekend was when most students moved into the dorm, so I figured I'd move in as soon as I could, and beat the rush. Plus, I got to pick out my bed first. I was the only person listed for this room, but I knew that wouldn't last. I was also hoping to find a job, but hadn't had any luck yet. I was getting a little worried, because without a job, I wouldn't be able to afford to attend more than a semester or two. The only experience I had was waitressing, but none of the restaurants were hiring.

Then the phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hi sis!"

It was my older sister April. She'd just graduated the previous spring. She'd managed some sort of sweet work-study gig that paid for a lot of her school. We'd been playing phone tag for the last week. I was trying to get the details of that work-study gig from her.

"April! I've been trying to get ahold of you all week! What was that job you..."

"That's what I was calling you about", she interrupted. "I got you an interview!"

"You did? Where? When?"

"Believe it or not, it's at Jack's Coffeehouse, down near campus."

"A coffeehouse? I thought it was some sort of work study that paid for your school."

"It is, sort of. Jack made a pile of money on a dot-com startup, and bailed at just the right time. He wanted to help students get an education, but didn't want to just give the money away, so he started the coffee shop. Any student that works there gets their tuition and books paid for, as long as they keep their grades up and work at least 15 hours a week. It's a great place to work, too."

I knew where it was. It was just a few blocks away. I could easily walk there in about 30 minutes.

"OK. So when is this interview?"

"Today at 2."

I looked at the clock. It was 12:00. "Not much time to get ready! I don't have anything to wear!"

"Don't worry about that. There isn't really a dress code, your uniform is whatever you show up in. Plus, I put in a good word for you. All you have to do is show up, and you're pretty much assured of the job."

We chatted for a few more minutes, and then I begged off, wanting to take a shower and get ready. A job! Paid tuition and books!

After the shower, I thought for awhile about what to dress in. I finally decided on a green blouse, some comfortable blue jeans, and a pair of sandals. Jane said there was no dress code, and I think I looked pretty hot, in a girl-next-door sort of way. I pondered not wearing a bra, but decided I'd better. My tits are small enough that I don't need to, but my high-beams tend to go off with very little provocation, and when they do, it's really obvious.

I had plenty of time to get there, so I thought I'd take a short cut through the park and across the golf course, and maybe get a bite to eat before the interview. It was a beautiful warm late summer day, perfect for a walk.

I was almost across the golf course when suddenly the sprinklers started up. What the hell? Who waters a golf course at 1 in the afternoon? I started running. The street was just ahead, over a small hill. I made it to the top of the hill without getting sprayed, and started down the other side.

Then my foot slipped on a patch of wet grass, and down I went. I landed on my side, and slid straight into a muddy puddle at the base of the hill. I tried to stand up, but slipped on the mud, and fell back into the puddle. I was drenched and covered with muck and grass.

I crawled out of the puddle, and sat there, stunned. The interview was in an hour, and I didn't have time to walk back to my apartment and change. I could see my whole college future drying up before my eyes.

"Oh you poor dear! Please let me help you!"

I looked up to see a little grey-haired old lady striding across the street toward me.

"Come over here! We can get you hosed off and cleaned up!"

I stood up just as she got to me. She was shorter than my 5-foot-4, coming up to my chin. She took my hand. "Come across the street to my house. We'll get you cleaned up real fast."

She grabbed my hand and started leading me across the street to a neat little bungalow, one of a row of older houses along that street.

"I have an interview in about an hour..."

"Oh my. Then we'd better work fast. Stand there in the middle of the yard, let's get the worst of it off."

She picked up a garden hose, turned on the faucet, and held the water out for me to wash my hands. I started scrubbing the mud off them. "Lean your head down!" She sprayed my head, and started hosing the worst of the mud off my clothes as I splashed water onto my face.

"That's the worst of it. Now let's get you out of those wet clothes so you can take a quick shower while I clean them up. Get your shoes off."

I kicked out of my wet sandals.

"Hurry, dear. We don't have much time. Shirt off, too."

"What? In the middle of the lawn?"

"Well, I can't let you into my house like that. You'll drip all over my nice clean floor. Come on, off with it!"

Before I could think to stop them, my hands started unbuttoning my shirt. At least I was in a bra, and nobody was nearby, so it was probably OK.

"Let me help." She reached over and began to undo my pants.

"Hey, wait a second!" I reached down to stop her.

She deflected my hands without even looking up. "It's OK, dear. I've got four kids and seven grandkids."

I wasn't sure what that had to do with her undressing me in public, but I was wet and somewhat dazed by the fall, so I went back to unbuttoning my shirt as she pulled my pants down over my hips and down to my ankles.

"Step out of the pants, dear."

I stepped out of the pants. She picked them up and tossed them onto her porch just as I got the shirt undone. She reached up and pushed it over my shoulders and down off my arms, and tossed it onto my pants.

Then I noticed that things seemed a little breezy, and looked down. She had removed my panties along with my pants! I was standing there in the middle of her yard, naked except for my bra!

"Bra too."

"What?"

"I can't have your wet clothes dripping all over my house. Take it off."

"But I'll be..."

"OFF!"

And she reached out and undid the clasp between my tits, and before I had a chance to react, had slipped my bra off my arms and had tossed it into the pile of wet clothes on the porch.

And there I was, totally naked, in broad daylight, right out in the open.

"Now come inside and get cleaned up." She took my hand again, and led me up to the porch. I was glad to get to someplace slightly less exposed. "Jenny! Jenny, get over here! We need some help!"

"Coming, Gran! What's up?" The front door opened, and my breath was taken away. Standing there was one of the prettiest girls I'd ever seen. If anything, she was even shorter than her grandmother. Her eyes were that incredibly bright laser-blue, and her hair was jet black, hanging halfway down her back. Her skin could have been used as the dictionary definition of a "peaches and cream" complexion. She was barefoot, and was wearing a white cotton sundress with little pink flowers printed on it. She was like a little porcelain doll.

"This is Jenny, my granddaughter. She's hoping to get into school this fall, but missed the registration deadline. She's on the waiting list, and we're expecting a phone call any time now. Jenny, this is..."

She looked at me expectantly.

"May. I'm starting college in the fall but need a job and I have an interview but I fell in the mud and your grandmother's helping me clean up and..." I was babbling. I was naked. And babbling.

She smiled, and it made my heart skip a beat. "Hi, glad to meet you!" She took my hand and led me into the house.

"Get her into the shower and get her cleaned up. I'll take care of her clothes," said Gran, and grabbed the pile of wet clothes and headed around the side of the house.

Jenny slipped her arm around my waist and pulled me into the house. "Come inside, the shower's over here."

With her arm still around my waist, she led me across the living room to a hallway. As we walked, her hand lightly moved up and down my ass. "Where are you interviewing?"

"Uh, Jack's Coffeehouse, in about 30 minutes."

"Oh, I know where that is! Down the street, turn left, then turn right at the next intersection, and it's a block away. Maybe a 5 minute walk. Plenty of time! Here we go!" She released me, led me into a bathroom off the hallway, and turned on the water. "In you go!"

She replaced her arm on my waist and pushed me into the shower. The water was nice and warm, and felt really good after the cold water in the hose. I grabbed a bar of soap and lathered up my arms.

"Here, give me that, and I'll do your back."

I turned around to pass Jenny the soap, just in time to see her shuck the sundress over her head. She wasn't wearing anything underneath. All I could do was gape at her perfect little body as she smiled, stepped into the shower with me. The peaches-and-cream was all over. She had a little sprinkling of freckles between her small but perfect breasts, which were topped by delectable pink nipples. Her pussy was covered by a neatly-trimmed black bush.

"Soap?"

"Oh, yeah, sorry." I passed her the soap and turned around. She began to scrub my back. Up to my shoulders, then down again, cupping my ass cheeks. Then she moved her hands up my sides, onto my chest, and cupped my tits, tweaking my nipples with her fingers. I giggled and turned and embraced her, running my hands up and down her back. Her skin felt so soft and smooth and nice. She looked up at me and smiled, and I leaned down and planted a soft kiss on her lips.

She sighed, and said "I could stay here for the next few hours, but we don't want you to miss your interview."

"Mmmm... Yes, I suppose you're right..."

Jenny shut off the water and we stepped out. We grabbed some towels and dried ourselves off, then dried each other's backs. I was going to wrap myself up in my towel, but Jenny hung hers up and walked out of the bathroom, still naked. So I did the same and followed her.

She sat down on a loveseat in the living room, and patted the cushion next to her. "Come sit with me!"

I sat down, and she snuggled up next to me. "I hope I hear from the school soon," she said. "I missed the deadline, but I'm high on the waiting list. They said that there's always a few people that register but don't actually show up, and that I stand a good chance of getting in. But I hate not knowing! I've been so nervous all week!"

Poor girl! I reached my arm over her shoulder to give her a comforting hug, and she snuggled up closer, leaning her head on my shoulder. This caused her breast to slip perfectly into my hand, and I began caressing it, and circling the tip of my index finger around the nipple. She sighed, and began to stroke the inside of my thighs.

Then her grandmother walked in carrying a tray. "I made cookies this morning, maybe you girls would like some!" I was too startled to do anything, but sweet Jenny just smiled and said "Thanks Gran!"

Her grandmother smiled back, and left the room, as though it were perfectly normal for two naked girls to be petting each other in her living room.

Suddenly, the phone rang. I heard her grandmother pick it up and begin talking, but couldn't make out the words. Then I heard her hang up the phone, and she came back.

"Jenny! The school just called! They want you there to register right now!"

"Right now?"

"Yes, you have about 20 minutes to get there before they give your slot to the next person. Get in the car, now!"

Jenny squealed and jumped up. "Yay!" She ran into the bathroom and got her dress, and ran to the door. Then she stopped, ran back to me, and pulled me up out of the seat. She gave me a quick hug, and said "Call me!" Then she ran out the door, stopping only to slip on some sandals. I saw her through the window, slipping her dress over her head as she ran naked across the lawn toward their car.

Gran came back into the room, holding her purse. "Come on, dear!" She half-led, half pulled me out the door and onto the porch, and turned to lock the door.

"But my clothes! Where are my clothes?"

"They're in the wash, silly girl! You come by later, they should be ready by then."

"But my interview!"

"Oh that's right! Please let me know how it goes. I really hope you get that job!"

With that, Gran pecked me on the cheek, and walked briskly across the lawn to the car. She got into the driver's side, started it up, and drove off. I saw Jenny turn around and smile at me. She waved as they drove off.

Leaving me standing there. "But I'm naked..." I murmured.

Then it really hit me. I was naked. In the open. On a stranger's porch. I saw my sandals still on the porch and slipped them on without thinking. I could see a clock through the window. It was 1:30. 30 minutes. Jenny said it was a 5 minute walk. Maybe I could find something to wear on the way. It wasn't like I had much choice, so I started walking down the street, heading for the coffeehouse. Naked.

I had to pass three more houses before I got to the first street. The only people I saw were a couple of golfers on the course across the street, but they were quite a ways off.

As I was passing the house on the corner the door opened, and boy walked out, followed by his mother. He was about 10 or so. He looked at me and gasped. "Mom! That girl is naked!"

His mother looked at me and smiled. "She certainly is."

I was too embarrassed to say anything. I just kept walking.

"Why is she naked, mom?"

"I don't know. Maybe she just didn't want to get dressed."

Yeah, right, Lady. At least she wasn't making a big fuss. I turned the corner. Two more blocks. A car was moving down the street toward me. There were two men in the front seat. The driver reached over and poked the passenger. They both looked at me, astonished. The car stopped, and I could feel their eyes on me as I continued to walk past.

"Hey, did you forget something this morning?"

I didn't say anything, but I could feel a blush moving all the way down my body. I made it down to the end of the block and looked to the right. There was Jack's, at the end of the block. And right next door was a little boutique! I was saved!

But first I had to wait for the light to change. And this street was much busier, with lots of pedestrians. As I was waiting at the signal, two blonde girls stopped next to me, and looked me up and down. They were both cute. Not as cute as Jenny, but cute nonetheless. A little taller than me, with bigger tits. They were wearing mini-skirts that came to mid-thigh, and white cotton blouses, very Catholic schoolgirl. Going by the slight jiggle, they weren't wearing bras.

The one next to me giggled and said "Nice outfit!"

Without even thinking about it, I smiled and said "Thanks!"

They both got into a giggling fit. Fortunately, the light changed, and I was able to leave them behind. I kept hearing whispers and giggles from behind me as I walked down the street. The reactions of other pedestrians ranged from indifference to astonishment. I got lots of whistles, and I saw several people whipping out cell phones and taking pictures. Great. Just what I needed. Naked pictures of me on the Internet.

Finally I made it to the boutique and went inside. The clock read 1:40. 20 minutes. OK, I don't need much time, grab a shirt and some pants...

"May I help you?" The salesgirl was... The words that came to mind were things like "valkyrie" and "statuesque". She had to be a couple of inches over six feet tall. And it wasn't that lanky basketball-player tall, she was toned and curvy. Her tits were the size of my head, but on her frame they looked normal. Wavy blonde hair, brown eyes, maybe a year or two older than me, and had a nametag that read "Susan". As I looked up at her, I was thinking that this must be what Jenny goes through all the time.

She had a carefully neutral expression on her face, as if naked people showing up in her store was nothing special.

"Yes, I need some clothes, and fast. I have an interview next door in 20 minutes."

"Let's see what I can do. Step on this stool and let me get some measurements real quick."

She pointed to a stool, right by the big plate glass window at the front of the store.

"Measurements? I don't have time for that, I know what..."

"On the stool. I can't help you if you don't get up there. It'll just take a few seconds. Now!"

I stepped on the stool. There were a couple of other customers there, and they stopped to stare. A couple of pedestrians outside also began checking me out. I saw the two blonde girls. They waved at me and giggled some more, then continued walking.

Susan pulled out a tape measure, and put it around my waist - "22". Hips - "34". Chest - "34". Then from behind, she reached around and cupped both of my tits. She lightly squeezed them both, and rolled my nipples between her thumb and index finger. "I'd say those were a B." Then she kneeled in front of me and started measuring my inseam. Her hands gently pulled the tape measure up the inside of my calves and thighs. "Open a bit, please."

I moved my legs open just a bit, and she smoothed the tape measure against my thigh. One of her fingers began to gently slide back and forth against my pussy lips, causing me to twitch. "Stop moving! I can't get a good measurement!"

I stopped, and she smoothed the tape out again, and continued rubbing. It felt so good! I began to relax a little bit, and she stopped. "OK, I have what I need. Stay there!"

From my perch on the stool, I saw her walk up and down the aisles, grabbing things from the racks and shelves as she went, then she came back.

"OK, here you go!"

I stepped down and took the bundle. Clothes! I think I got dressed faster than I've ever done it in my life. Everything fit perfectly! I looked at myself in the mirror, and liked what I saw. Susan had a great eye, and the colors suited me well. Powder blue blouse and dark blue slacks. "Thank you thank you thank you!" I gushed, and grabbed her in a really tight hug. "You're a lifesaver!"

She hugged me back, pressing my head in between those giant tits of hers. "All part of the service!"

Then she let me go, and asked "Will this be cash or credit card?"

Oh no! My credit cards were in my pants, which were still at Jenny's grandmother's!

"Uhhh... I don't supposed I can take them on credit? I'll pay you back! I promise! I just need them for this interview!"

"I'm sorry, no can do. My boss does inventory every day, and if there's anything missing, I have to make it up from what I'm wearing. And it just wouldn't do for someone whose job is selling clothes to not wear any."

"Please! Just for a little while! I'll bring them right back!"

She got a stern look on her face. "Here's the deal. You can take the clothes off, I'll bundle them up for you, and you can collect them later. Or I can call the police, and they'll take the clothes off. Either way, you leave here as naked as you came in, but one way you get taken to jail, and the other you don't. Your choice."

Some choice. I got undressed again, and left the clothes on the counter. Susan's face softened a bit. "Hey. I sympathize, I really do. But I had to work topless once when a shirt and bra went missing, and that was enough for me."

"But my interview. How can I do it like this?"

"Like what? I think you look great! Most people can't pull off the naked look, but you aren't one of them. And how people react to it is their problem, not yours."

She was right. I'd have preferred to have the clothes, but it's not her fault I didn't have money. I thanked her for her help and stepped out of the store, back onto the street, still naked. The coffee shop was right next door, but suddenly my confidence left. All I wanted to do was turn around and go back to my dorm room. But if I did that, then this whole misadventure would have been for nothing. I'm many things, but not a quitter.

It was 2PM. Interview time. I opened the coffee shop door and stepped in. They may tell me to get lost, but I'll at least be able to say that I tried. The hostess on duty was wearing a green bikini top, and some running shorts. I guess the dress code really is casual here, but I'm going to put that to the test. She met my eyes and asked, "Can I help you with anything?"

What was it with the people in this town? A naked girl walks in, and they act like it's normal.

"Yes, I'm supposed to have an interview here at 2."

"Oh, you must be April's sister! I'm Gina! We're expecting you. Jack's in his office, follow me."

She took my hand, and led me through the tables. There were a dozen or so people there, drinking coffee and eating the snacks and sandwiches they served. Some had laptops open and were tapping away at the keyboards.

As she led me past, conversation died, and then sprang up again behind me. Yeah, get a good look at the naked girl! Sheesh.

We went past the restrooms, and through a door marked "Employees Only". There was a short passage that opened into the kitchen. There was a door on the left marked "Manager". Gina knocked, and opened the door. "Hi Jack! April's sister is here."

"Well, show her in!"

I opened the door and stepped in. Jack was just walking out from behind his desk. He stopped short when he saw me, blinked, and then extended his hand. "Hi, I'm Jack. You must be May."

Well, if he wasn't going to make a big deal out of it, neither was I.

"That's me!"

He motioned me into the chair, and sat back behind the desk. "So April tells me you'd be a good fit here, and I trust her judgement. But I want to know one thing..."

Uh-oh. Here comes the why-are-you-naked. "What's that?"

"April, May... I detect a theme. Is there a June?"

Whew! "Yes, there is. She's just starting her junior year in High School."

"Hah! I love it. Anyway, here's the deal. Gina here will take you back out and show you around, and put you to work for a bit. If you can do the work, then you come back here and I'll fill you in on the rules. OK?"

"Sounds good to me!"

"Good! Gina, go show her around. Then have her make a round of the tables, see how she handles the customers. Then bring her back and we'll talk more."

"Sure thing, Jack," she replied. "Come on, let's show you around. We're called a coffeehouse, but we do some light cooking and sandwiches, too."

She led me into the kitchen. There were three guys working here, manning the grill and making sandwiches. "This is where the real work happens." She whistled loudly. They all looked up. "Hey guys! This is May, April's sister. She's interviewing!"

"Hi May!" "Good luck!" "Nice to meet you!"

Wow. They seemed really nice. "Hi guys! Thanks!"

"Over here is where you put your orders up. Just clip the order here and yell so that they know one's up. When it's done, the food magically appears on this counter."

She led me back out. On the opposite wall from Jack's office was a door. She opened it and led me in. "This is the break room. You get two 15-minute breaks a day, plus 30 minutes for lunch, which is provided." There was a battered-looking green sofa and a coffee table with some old magazines. She sat down.

"Oooo, I've been on my feet all day."

I sat down next to her. "Thanks for showing me around. And thanks for not throwing me out."

"Why would I throw you out?"

"My outfit. Or the lack thereof."

She smiled. "We're casual about the dress code, but I do have to admit that you're the first one to take it that far. But Jack didn't seem to mind, and you pull it off well."

I blushed. "Thanks."

"Aww, you're blushing! How cute!" She reached over and lightly brushed my hair. It felt really nice, and I leaned my head back against the sofa and smiled at her. She smiled back, and kept stroking my hair. She reached her other hand up and stroked the side of my face, then down my neck, and began lightly stroking her fingernails up and down my chest, between my tits. I sighed happily.

She smiled again, and then lowered her mouth onto my right nipple. It was like an electric shock. I gasped as her tongue began caressing and flicking. Then her right hand moved down between my legs, and started gently stroking. Between Jenny and Susan, I'd been in a mild state of arousal. This sent me over the edge, and I came. Then I came again.

"Ohhhh, thank you!" I reached over and grabbed her head, and kissed her, hard.

"You're welcome! I'd like to sit here and let you return the favor, but Jack did say to show you around..."

I was reaching my hands around her shorts, getting ready to pull them down when she said this. Oh well. "OK, but we'll have to get together real soon and get better acquainted!"

"Yes, we do!"

We stood up and she led me out into the dining room. Once again, the tone of the conversation changed as everyone noticed the naked girl.

"Let's keep it simple. Just go up that row of booths and see if anyone needs anything. I'll be right here. If you need help, just wave me over."

"OK. Thanks!"

I walked up to the first booth. There was a woman seated there, engrossed in a book. "Hi! My name's May. Is everything OK, or do you need anything?"

"No thanks, I'm fine."

She didn't even look up. I didn't know whether to be relieved or insulted. Must have been a good book. On to the next booth.

"Hi, I'm May. Everything OK here? You need anything?"

"See, I told you she went in here!" It was the two blonde girls from the street. They were sitting next to each other, and the one on the outside was the one that spoke.

The other one just smiled and said "Yes, you did." She seemed preoccupied, and stared out the window.

"No thanks, I think we're fine right now." the first one replied. With her right hand, she picked up a cell phone from the table, but dropped it. It skittered across the table, onto the empty bench, and then onto the floor under the table.

"Let me get that for you!" I dropped to my hands and knees and crawled under the table to get the phone. When I started looking for the phone, I saw why one was so distracted. Her skirt was bunched around her waist, and the other girl's left hand was busy fingering her pussy. Her fingers were gently moving in and out, then moving up to rub her clit for a bit, then moving back.

She looked down at me and smiled. "Like the view down there?" But she didn't stop caressing her friend, who seemed oblivious to my presence.

I grabbed the phone and backed out. "Here you go!" Then I bent over and whispered in her ear: "Yes, I did!"

That set off more giggling, from both of us.

"Thanks for getting my phone. My name's Lisa. So is hers."

"How do people tell you apart?"

More giggling. "I'm the pretty one!"

That got a reaction from Lisa #2. "Hey!" But she smiled and want back to enjoying the attentions of Lisa #1.

"You work here?"

"That's what I'm here to find out."

"Well, good luck!"

"Thanks!"

On to the next booth. This one had four prep/jock type guys at it. My mind immediately dubbed them Brad, Chad, Thad, and Tad. This made me feel a little guilty. They were probably really nice guys, I shouldn't be labeling them like that.

"Hi, I'm May. Everything OK here? You need anything?"

Chad said "Yeah, I need some milk for my coffee!" and reached up to grab my tit. The others all laughed.

Looks like my first impression was right after all. I smacked his hand down hard. "Down boy, or I'll kick your ass out that door and down the street."

His friends got this wide-eyed look. One went "Ooooooooo! Feisty!" Another said "I think I like this one!"

Chad rubbed the hand I'd smacked with his other one. "Hey, I was just joking. No need to get violent."

"If it was a joke, why am I not laughing? Behave yourself. Do you really need more milk?"

"Uh, no..."

"OK. Well, let us know if you do."

I walked on to the next booth. It was empty. I looked up at Gina. She smiled and gave me a thumbs up as I walked back to her.

"Good job! You handled those assholes better than I expected."

"You sent me there deliberately?"

"Yeah. Trial by fire and all that. Anyone can take care of the nice polite people. I needed to know if you could handle the rest. Those jerks are in here once a week or so. I figured if you could deal with them, you could handle anything else. Come on, let's go talk to Jack."

We walked back to Jack's office and sat down. Jack asked "So how did she do?"

"She did great! I sent her over to a table full of jerkoffs, and she handled them like a pro."

"Excellent! OK, May, you're hired. You keep your grades up, work here at least 15 hours a week, and I'll pay for your tuition, room, and books, plus minimum wage and tips. Deal?"

Yay, I was hired! College, here I come! "DEAL!"

Gina reached over and gave me a quick hug. "Welcome aboard!"

"When are your classes?" Jack asked.

"They start at 9, and they let out at 3."

"That's perfect! Can you handle a 3:30 to 7:30 shift?"

"Sure. I can just head straight here from class."

"Great!" Then Jack continued, "One last thing. I assume that April told you about the dress code here."

"She said that the uniform was whatever you showed up in. I know I probably pushed it a bit today, but I fell in a mud puddle and then this nice lady was going to wash them but she had to take her granddaughter to get registered and I tried to get clothes on the way here but I had no money..." More babbling. But I was so relieved to actually get the job that it just came pouring out before I could stop it.

"No, that's OK. We get naked people in here from time to time, ever since that court decision last year. Gotta love college towns! But your uniform is what you show up in. You showed up naked, so that's how you will be expected to come to work."

"What????"

"It's true," Gina answered. "I was coming back from a trip to the lake and stopped in for a quick bite. I overheard Jack talking about how he needed someone, and applied on the spot. Hence my current outfit - I was wearing a top and shorts, so that's my uniform. Did you see Henry out front? He came to the interview in a suit, so he wears a suit."

"But... naked? Can I get undressed after I arrive?"

"Sorry, but no," answered Jack. "It wouldn't be fair to everyone else. They arrive wearing their outfits, so you have to do the same. And you managed it just fine today, so you shouldn't have too much trouble."

"Well... I'll probably get used to it. I hope."

"Great! You can start Monday. We'll fill out all the paperwork then. For now, go on home and relax. We'll see you on Monday!"

"OK. Thanks for the job. And nice meeting you both."

Gina walked me to the door. "Congratulations again. See you on Monday!"

"Thanks! You too!"

I walked out the door, naked, and began walking back to my dorm room, naked.

As I passed the boutique, I saw the magnificent Susan through the window talking to a customer. I waved to get her attention, smiled, and gave her a thumbs up. She smiled and gave a little cheer.

I kept walking. The other pedestrians had the same reactions they did on my way there, indifference to astonishment. I was glad to turn the corner onto the sidestreet. I hoped Gran was back so I could get my clothes. And maybe see Jenny again...

When I got to her house, the car was still gone. I knocked on the door, but nobody answered. Oh well.

I started walking back to campus, across the golf course, naked.

I was a little more nervous walking across campus, but nobody seemed to pay any extra attention to me. Again, I didn't know whether to be relieved or insulted.

I had to get a new room key from the front desk, as mine was still at Gran's. The RM didn't seem fazed at all that I was naked, and just handed the key over.

Finally I got back to my room. I just collapsed on the bed. What a day. I started thinking about the logistics of getting out of class and coming back here to undress for work, when I realized that I wouldn't have time. I'd have to leave straight from my classes and go to the coffee shop. My backpack was too small to hold my books and my clothes. I'd have to go to class naked too, or at least until I could get a bigger backpack.

What a mess.

Suddenly there was a knock on the door, and it opened a bit. "Hello? I was just assigned this room. Anyone home?"

Great. How to make a good first impression: greet your new roommate on the bed, naked. Before I could get up and grab a robe or something, the door opened and she stepped in.

"Hi, I'm... Oh! Hi!"

It was Jenny. Maybe things weren't going to be quite so bad after all.
