The caterers were moving around downstairs. It was early, only 10:30, and the party wasn't due to start until noon. The caterers had strict instructions to not go upstairs, under any circumstances. Which was good, actually, since Simon had Paula up against the wall in the hallway and was pushing up her skirt and untying the sides of her bikini bottoms. They were just out of sight of anyone walking by the foot of the staircase but not out of sound. The bottoms fell to the hardwood floor and Paula's hands were shaking as she undid Simon's pants.

Now that they had started, they couldn't quite seem to stop.

Paula's hair was still damp from the shower and her head slipped a little on the new, semi-gloss of the hallway as Simon pushed into her. He pressed his mouth against hers in a reminder to stay quiet but she still managed to let a little squeak escape. With each thrust, her shoulder blades pushed painfully into the wall and the angle wasn't quite right. Simon lifted her easily so she could wrap her legs around his waist and things seemed to fit together a little better.

Simon slipped his tongue into her mouth. She could tell that, while this wasn't the best sex they'd had, he was getting off on the position and the location. Truthfully, she was too. One of Simon's hands braced him on the wall next to her head. He started pumping harder and his face was bright red – she knew he was close. She wanted to scream, she really did. She turned her head and sunk her teeth into his wrist, which made him lose control. He groaned quietly and his hips stilled. His weight pinned her to the wall and she rested her head against him, trying not to suffocate. It was too much, sometimes, with this man. The pleasure was so intense that she always feared she was going to black out.

"You okay?" he whispered.

"Ungh," she said, which was more than she thought she could manage, at the moment. He kissed her neck and allowed her to slide down back onto her own two unstable feet.

"You're very bad," he said.

"You," she managed. "Bad influence."

"You're just too tempting," he said, and bent over to pick up her black bikini bottoms. They dangled from one finger. "These are yours, love."

"Mine... bikini... wall," she said.

"That wasn't even a sentence," he chuckled, and shook his head. "Come on." He helped her back into the bathroom and sat her on the edge of the tub. He dampened a corner of the hand towel and dabbed her face. She took it and cleaned herself up between her legs.

"We didn't even use a condom," she said. "Whoops."

"Oh," he said. "Well."

"It should be fine," she said. "Not exactly fertile Mertle."

"Okay," he said. He hurried to change the subject. "Now that we have that out of the way, should I do something to set up?"

"Um," she said, standing carefully to put her bottoms back on. She was stalling, trying to think since her brain was still only running at three-quarters speed. "I guess make sure we have enough alcohol to appease the wave of twenty-somethings that are coming."

"I can't believe I let you invite so many non-famous people to my house," he said, opening the door to let them out. They made their way back to the bedroom where they were really alone, not prone to eavesdroppers.

"It's for Lauren!"

"Whom, may I remind you for the billionth time, I don't actually get along with," he said.

"I don't see why," Paula muttered, going to the mirror on the wall. The bathroom was too small to accommodate her expansive morning routine, so she'd plugged in here instead. She brushed out her hair again, now that it was messy from Simon's fingers. "She's amazing."

"She's pushy."

"You're pushy," Paula said. "You don't even try to like her."

"I do!" he exclaimed, as if appalled at the very thought. "She doesn't like me!"

"This is a stupid fight," Paula said. "I want you to be nice to her today."

"Fine," he said. "Her and all her little friends."

"She's totally freaked out about her family coming and I didn't even tell her that Wendy and my parents are coming," Paula said.

"Your parents are coming?" Simon asked softly.

"I gave you the guest list," Paula reminded him.

"I know," he said. He hadn't bothered to read it. He thought he'd manage to get out of it somehow. "What else is bothering you?" He could tell it was something.

"I'm all freaked out about going down to the beach and seeing... I can't even believe this is the house you bought," she admitted. She'd seen a couple cars outside Emilio's house, which meant that he and his fiancée and probably the kids (who were not children anymore, she'd imagine) were there for the weekend.

"Ah," he said, wrapping his arms around her from behind. "No worries."

"And we haven't even talked about the fact that you're leaving," she whispered. They hadn't brought it up, but they both were well aware that he had a flight to catch in the morning and would be gone until January when press began for American Idol season seven. It wasn't that Paula wanted him to stay – he had work to do in England, but she knew she would miss him.

"I know," he said again. "It will be far more difficult than I anticipated but the time will go fast."

"Will it?" she asked.

"Sure. You'll be in the studio with Randy this month and next. November, you'll spend with your family. December, you'll fly to England to spend Christmas with me, and then in January I'll be back," he said, confidently.

"Christmas with you?" she asked, surprised. "In England?"

"You've been to England before, pet," he said.

"I know, but..."

"You can even bring your insipid assistant," he said, rolling his eyes.

"I'll think about it," she promised. "I have to do my hair."

"Important things first, got it," he said. The blow dryer was on before he even left the room.

oooo

Once Lauren's friends got over the fact that their friend worked for Paula Abdul, and they were at a party at a Malibu beach house owned by Simon Cowell, the party was fun. Lauren laughed with a drink in her hand, but her eyes were always on the door, waiting for her family. Paula finally shooed them off to the beach and watched the door too, wanting to be as pleasant as possible when she met Carol. Or, 'The Carol,' as Marissa called her. Paula didn't think she could be that bad. She raised a girl like Lauren, right?

Simon stayed across the room, watching Paula over the rim of his glass, talking with Randy and some other Idol people. They orbited near each other but never actually came in contact. Paula was worried she wouldn't be able to keep her hands of his butt so she just stayed away. She was watching him and getting a little lost in her daydream about Christmas in London when suddenly he started gesturing to the door.

"Huh?" she asked, and he pointed behind her, trying to stay subtle even though Randy rolling his eyes and Erika was giggling behind her hand. Paula turned around to see two people standing in the entryway. They looked absolutely like they didn't belong – they were over dressed for the location and temperature. The woman was in black slacks and a pink oxford shirt, complete with pearls and loafers. The man was in khakis and a sports coat and looked like he was about to sweat his way into unconsciousness. They both stood straight and glanced at the scene around them in disapproval. Paula steeled herself.

"Hello!" she said, walking over. "You must be Mr. and Mrs. Brenninger!" They turned their attention to her but their small frowns didn't dissipate. "I'm Paula. Welcome."

"I'm Henry. This is my wife Carol," Mr. Brenninger said.

"We know who you are," The Carol added, a nickname Paula suddenly could understand clearly. Paula glanced over at Simon who was grinning, enjoying the crash and burn that was about to come.

"Of course," said Paula. "Well come on in. Can I get you something to drink?"

"We're not thirsty," said The Carol, even though Mr. Brenninger looked like he'd kick a puppy to get a glass of ice water. "Where is our daughter?"

"I'm pretty sure she's down on the beach," Paula said, endeavoring to keep her cheerful tone. "I'll take you there."

"Good," The Carol said. Paula mouthed 'help!' to Simon as they passed but he just shrugged and cupped his ear like he didn't understand. He would pay later.

"How was your drive?" Paula asked.

"The traffic was terrible," Mr. Brenninger said.

"Oh," said Paula. "Well, you know L.A."

"My daughter has informed us that she has been working for you for some time," The Carol said, as they approached the steps down to the said.

"Lauren is amazing. She does such wonderful work – she's the best assistant I've ever hand," Paula gushed.

"Lauren could be so much more than an assistant," Mr. Brenninger snapped. Paula swallowed. The Carol looked down and sniffed.

"I don't walk on sand," she said.

"Why don't I go get Lauren and we'll meet you inside," Paula said, through her grinding smile.

"That would be best, I suppose," The Carol said. Paula took off down the beach toward the group of girls who were playing in the surf. She could spot Lauren from afar, her red hair shining in the sun. She was laughing with a group of friends Paula had only superficially met and when she approached, they all hushed to excited whispers. Lauren rolled her eyes.

"What's up?" she said, jogging up to meet Paula. They'd found her a white, eyelet bikini that made her look even paler, but sweet. She was already turning red in the sun. "Are you okay?"

Paula crossed her arms.

"Your parents are here," Paula said. Behind them, the girls all gasped and Lauren shut her eyes briefly.

"I told you. I told you!" Lauren said. "They're so... I mean... ugh."

"They're awfully proper," Paula agreed.

"I mean, I love them but. What did they say to you?" Lauren said, pulling her dress from the towel and sliding it on.

"I don't think they were impressed," Paula said. Lauren touched her hand. "I understand why you hide things."

"It's me they're mad at. They'll stay for half an hour, give me a birthday card with a check, and go," Lauren promised and jogged up toward the steps. Paula was left behind with the group of girls watching her. She was in her black bikini with a denim skirt and a black tank top over it. It was a little young for her to wear but it was a party and she didn't care.

"You can say it," Paula said, turning to the one girl in the group who seemed about to burst.

"I'm a huge fan!" she squealed.

oooo

In the house, Lauren was in a corner with her parents, nodding gravely and everyone stayed away. Marissa was standing with Simon and Ryan at the bar, drinking heavily, it seemed. Paula, who hadn't planned on drinking, went to get a beer. Marissa handed it to her without a word. She took a drink and Simon smirked. She wanted to take his hand but didn't.

"Kind of like my parents," Ryan said. "I can sympathize."

"This is what you get for being nosy," Simon said. "Lauren looks close to tears."

"Shut up," Paula said. But she couldn't watch it either. "And now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go hug my mother."

Lorraine and Harry Abdul were no longer married and played the same stay on the other side of the room game that she and Simon played, but for different reasons. Lorraine was talking to Wendy, looking out one of the many windows at the water. She opened her arms when she saw Paula coming and Paula hugged her.

"How are you, my little star?" she asked.

"Fine," Paula said, winking at Wendy. She hated when their parents called Paula a star.

"I was just telling mom you've been spending an awful lot of time with Simon," Wendy said, a little snidely. Paula narrowed her eyes at her sister.

"We're colleagues," Paula said. "And friends."

"Good friends," Wendy drawled.

"Shut up," Paula snapped. "Don't listen to her, mom."

"I know you'll tell me what you need to tell me in time," her mother said. "Even though he has been staring at you all day."

"I don't think so," Paula said, knowing that he had. "And anyway, he's going back to the motherland tomorrow until the new year."

"And you're okay with this?" Wendy asked.

"I'm fine," Paula said, absently. "It's fine."

oooo

The party was winding down. Lauren had been right about her parents staying a short amount of time and leaving in the same huff they'd arrived in.

"I'll adopt you," Paula had said, only partially joking. "You're my family now."

The party could have gone on all night but Simon had started kicking the younger kids out around 8:00 and the Idol people were all long gone. Paula saw off her family and helped the caterers pack up and leave. Then, finally, the house was empty and they were alone. Paula went around closing all the windows against the chilly night air. Even with the windows closed, though, she could hear the roar of the ocean. She looked around. The caterers had done a halfway decent job cleaning but there were still empty cans and bottles everywhere, and all the trashcans needed to be emptied but she couldn't face the mess right now. She would clean in the morning, after Simon was already gone.

Simon was on the phone with his assistant in London, confirming travel plans when she wandered into the office. She'd put on one of his sweaters from the closet and it hung off her. He smiled a little when he saw her.

"I'll see you tomorrow," Simon said into the phone. He hung up and Paula tried not to pout. She wanted to be sad that it would be months until Simon would ravish her again, but she knew the sadness ran deeper than that. She would miss him. She already missed him and he wasn't even gone. "Shall we go to bed?"

"It isn't even nine yet," she said. "I was thinking of going home. Letting you get some sleep before your flight."

"I will have none of that," he said. "You will stay and shag me all night long."

"Will I?" she said. "Is that what you think?"

"It is," he said.

"You'd be right then," she smiled. "Let's go to bed."

But in bed, something was different. It wasn't the heat of the limo ride, the passion of their first time, or the lust of the hallway. Simon moved slowly on top of her, keeping her body tight against his. Every time she closed her eyes, he would whisper, "Look at me," and she would find his gaze unwavering and intense. He was trying to remember everything just like she was. When they finally agreed to drift into sleep, he curled himself around her body and kissed her shoulder again and again.

"Will you miss me?" she asked, even though she hadn't wanted to say the words.

"Desperately," he murmured.

"Don't charm me," she warned.

"I miss you already," he said. "Go to sleep."

"You go to sleep," she said, closing her eyes.

"I will," he promised, but he didn't. Instead he stayed up almost the whole night, watching her sleep, watching the predictable rise and fall of her chest, watching the light change over her features. "Paula," he whispered to her, knowing it was too soft to wake her. "Paula," he whispered, her name drawn out, slow and sweet like a song.

oooo

Simon drove to the airport in his car, Paula sitting stoic beside him. There wasn't much to say. They were both exhausted, both angry knowing that his departure was nearly there. He parked the car and they walked to the terminal entrance. She couldn't go very far into the airport with him, and with so many people around, their goodbye had to be curt and unadorned. Already he had kissed her long and slow, had kissed her goodbye.

He would board his plane and she would drive his car back to his house and climb into his bed and cry into his pillow. But she would not cry here.

"Come for Christmas," he said, holding his bag. He didn't bother with much luggage other than his computer and a few pieces of clothing. Everything he had in Los Angeles, he had in London.

"Okay," she said. "Call me when you get in."

"I will," he promised. They stood too long, putting off goodbye.

"Have a nice flight," she said. He leaned down and kissed her cheek, lingering a little too long.

"Thanks," he said. "I'll...I will miss you."

"Don't," she said. She closed her eyes. "I have to go now." He let her turn and walk away. He waited until she was too far to call after before he went into the terminal to start the check in process. He'd left Terri in London, he'd left her in America a hundred times and never did he feel this way.

At the party, Randy had asked him straight out what was up with Paula.

"We're just shagging," he'd said. "That's it."

"I don't know if I believe that," Randy had said.

"You know me," Simon had replied by way of explanation and Randy had let it drop but now Simon felt like someone had kicked him in the gut. The instinct to walk out of the airport was almost too hard to resist. But he had work to do in England, and he would go.

In the car, Paula let her forehead rest against the steering wheel. If she left now, she could be back to Malibu in an hour with traffic. If she sat here and let herself cry, she'd be mired in rush hour for the morning. She started the car and shifted into reverse, careful to back out gently. Simon would kill her if she hurt his car – she was actually kind of shocked he was letting her drive one. And live in his house all summer. And sleep in his bed, and kiss him in the mornings and touch him at night.

"Get a grip," she told herself, leaving the terminal and merging back onto the freeway. It was early, not even nine o'clock yet but Paula needed to talk to someone. She could call her mother or Wendy but didn't have the heart to listen to a chorus of 'I told you so's' and she could call any one of her girlfriends but they were all happily married. So she called Lauren, only slightly worried that her closest friend was turning out to be a twenty-five year old employee.

"Hello?" Lauren answered. It was odd for Paula to call her so early on her day off.

"Hi," Paula said, her voice already sounding watery.

"What's wrong?" Lauren asked. "What's the matter? Where are you?"

"I just dropped Simon off at the airport," she sniffed. "I thought I would take it better."

"Aww," Lauren said. "I know. I'll come over."

"I know you probably have plans but would you? Please?" Paula said, tears now openly flowing.

"Of course," Lauren said. "And I'll bring you coffee with real caffeine. Okay?"

"Okay," Paula said, the word broken by a sob. "I'm going back to the Malibu house."

"I'll be there as soon as I can," Lauren promised. "I know it's hard. I know."

Paula hung up, wiping her eyes with one hand, trying not to drive off the road. She was used to Simon Cowell reducing her to tears, but not like this. Not like this.