                                     Roman Orgy
                                   By Lust 4 Life

Adrienne is a young woman taken by Roman troops when they captured her village. As a 
good looking young female slave she ends up in the House of Venus. M+F+ preg.

Intro

Adrienne shuffled along in a line with the other women toward the slave auction plaza. 
As they neared the plaza, a guard was letting the older and unattractive women pass, but 
was stopping all of the good looking women and forcing them to remove their robes and 
proceed naked. When Adrienne reached the guard he indicated that she too was to 
remove her robe. Reluctantly she unwrapped it and tossed it in the pile of other slave 
robes. Embarrassed to be naked in public, she proceeded in the line to the gathering place 
behind the auction stage.

Once everyone was assembled, the auction master strode out onto the stage in front of the 
crowd of assembled on-lookers and potential buyers. Today we have a large selection of 
fresh slaves from the newly conquered region of XXX. I know you will find some 
excellent specimens for all applications here. Now the slaves were led out onto the 
stage, first the men were lined up on the stage to allow the customers to see the overall 
selection. The stronger young men were stripped to a loincloth to show off their muscles 
while the older men who were only useful for lighter work stood in their slave robes. The 
men were marched off the stage and then the women were marched on. Adrienne was 
embarrassed and blushing to be standing naked in front of this large crowd of strangers. 
The women were marched off the stage and the slaves were then brought back one at a 
time for bidding. The men were sold off first, then the unattractive women, until only the 
group of naked women remained. They were again marched out as a group, ordered to 
stand and turn showing off all of their bodies before again leaving the stage. The women 
were now brought back onto the stage, one at a time for sale. Adrienne was near the 
middle of the group. When her turn came, she again ascended the stage, now standing by 
herself, naked on the stage in front of the audience.

Adrienne was an attractive young woman, 19 years old. With a nice figure, rounded hips, 
full breasts, shoulder length dark hair, hazel eyes, and a pretty face, she always attracted 
the attention of men. The bidding for her was enthusiastic, but in the end she noticed that 
it dwindled to just 3 men, each of whom had already purchased several other naked 
women. One of the men finally won the bidding and she was sent to stand with the other 
women he had purchased.

Once the auction was over, the man led the women through the streets till they entered 
through a narrow door into a small courtyard surrounded by a two story set of apartments. 
A number of women looked into the courtyard from the second floor balconies. Soon a 
new man entered the courtyard from one of the ground level doors. Welcome to your 
new home, the House of Venus, one of the premier pleasure houses in the city. We serve 
individual clients here, and supply troops of women to various parties and celebrations. 
Now my assistants will explain the rules of the house to you, and show you to your 
individual quarters.

Training

Soon an attractive young woman and several men appeared and led the women into a 
large room with plush pillows scattered about. The woman wore a shear gown, which did 
nothing to hide her body. The men wore light weight, loose fitting robes. First one of the 
men spoke. Adrienne learned that she was to be whore, expected to spend her evenings in 
the lounge entertaining customers and taking them to her quarters for sex. In addition, she 
would be sent to various parties or orgies, as part of the sexual entertainment. Her fate 
was to remain a whore until she was no longer desirable enough to attract customers, at 
which point she would be sold as a maid or labor slave. However, any children she bore 
would become free citizens of the empire.

Adrienne was a healthy young woman, whose reproductive instincts were in full bloom. 
She had begun to really notice the boys (and older men) of her village after she reached 
puberty, and often fantasized what it would be like to open her legs for one of them and 
hold him tightly while he rode her. She talked about the various men and what they might 
be like with the other young women of the village, but she had not allowed any of the 
young studs access to her charms (though several of them made it clear they would like 
access). She knew that motherhood was the probable consequence of spreading her legs, 
and unwed pregnancy was strongly frowned on. Of course, in order to maintain some 
semblance of self control, she often had to relieve the sexual tension herself while 
thinking about one of the young men. But her sex drive continued to increase, while she 
waited for a husband who could satisfy her with the approval of the village.

We are here to teach you the ways of pleasure, how to please your guests, said the 
woman. Watch and learn. We will demonstrate a number of techniques in which we 
expect you to become proficient. You will then each have an opportunity to demonstrate 
your skill. The number one rule is that you must always seek to please your client. For 
most customers, this means making them believe you want to have sex with them more 
than anything else. You must make them feel your passion. A sultry, Come fuck me 
look is a good start, said the woman, demonstrating. Playing with yourself and showing 
off is also a good starter she said as she undulated her hips, ran her hands over her 
breasts and between her legs, and turning, bent over to wiggle her ass at one of the men. 
Next she dropped her robe and naked, walked toward the man.

She pressed her body against the man, grinding her chest and pelvis against him as she 
kissed him. His hands reached around and grabbed her ass, pulling her against him. Now 
she broke the clinch and stepped back a bit. As the man reached out and began to 
massage her full breasts, the woman sighed, Oh, yes, oh that feels good. Then to the 
new women, No matter how good or bad their technique, your job is to make them feel 
like you have never had a better lover, that what they are doing to you is wonderful.

Turning back to her partner, the woman slid the robe off his shoulders so that it fell to the 
floor, leaving him naked as well. Adrienne could see that his cock was already half hard. 
Looking around, she noticed that many of the other men had bulges in the robes. The 
woman cooed, Oh, my, what a beautiful cock! Oh, Im gonna love feeling that inside 
me! Then to Adriennes amazement, the woman got down on her knees in front of the 
man and first began to lick his penis, and then lowered her mouth over it, bobbing up and 
down. Now she called the new women over and proceeded to explain the sensitive areas 
on a man, all over his body, but especially around his genitals. She also explained the 
different techniques for giving oral pleasure to man. By the time she had finished, the 
mans cock was hard as a rock, sticking straight up. Adrienne realized that her pussy had 
become quite wet watching this and she noticed that several of the women were gently 
playing with themselves as they watched.

There are many different positions for sex. Some men prefer one, others another. Still 
others will want to change positions. Adrienne watched in fascination as the couple 
demonstrated various positions, explaining how to maximize pleasure for the man as they 
went. Adrienne had often fantasized about sex, but had never actually seen someone 
doing it  the sight made her pussy tingle in anticipation and she soon found her hand on 
her pussy, massaging herself as she watched. The woman seemed to come several times, 
always telling her partner how good he made her feel. Finally she sensed that the man 
was about to come and she started urging him on, telling him how much she wanted to 
feel him shooting in her, filling her with his cum. When he finally lunged in to her, 
moaning as he came, the woman held him tightly and massaged his balls to help him 
empty the last of his cum in her. By the time they finished, Adrienne was sopping wet, 
her juices shining on her thighs.

Now, the woman announced, its your turn to demonstrate what you have learned. 
Pick one of our house studs here and demonstrate your abilities. I will wander around 
making suggestions on technique, as of course will your partner. Now before we begin, 
do we have any virgins here? When Adrienne hesitantly raised her hand, the womans 
face lit up, Ah, excellent! I want you to work with Hugo here. You will work only on 
seduction and oral technique. We are going to save your first intercourse for a special 
customer. To her embarrassment, the woman quickly slipped a finger into Adriennes 
moist pussy until she found her maiden head. Ah, yes. Indeed you are my dear she said. 
Adrienne was so horny from what she had just witnessed, that she was surprised to feel 
disappointed that she was going to have to wait for her first lover.

The women began to play their parts, except one woman who refused to play her role. 
Her partner asked for the attention of the others and spoke, Ladies, you do not have a 
choice in this. You are our property, bought and paid for and you will do as we say. We 
have a number of ways of ensuring obedience. In the present case, he nodded to the non-
compliant woman, we can use force. But that would be unseemly with our guests, so we 
have more subtle ways. You must earn your food. You earn one days meal for each new 
customer who leaves you satisfied, and two days meals for each repeat customer. And 
remember, you will not have any customers during your time of the month, so you need 
to earn extra meals before that time if you dont want to go hungry. With that, several of 
the other men came over and grabbed the uncooperative woman and held her down while 
her partner had his way with her. After satisfying himself, the man stood and said, Now 
instead of earning your meal for today, you still got fucked, but you will just have to go 
hungry until tomorrow when maybe you will feel like being more cooperative. With that 
he led her away to her quarters.

Now the women returned to their practice. Adrienne tried to look seductive for her 
partner and went to him, pressing herself against him and kissing him as he ran his hands 
over her body, making her squirm. Under his coaching, she gradually licked her way 
down his chest until she came to his already throbbing penis. Since I cant fuck you yet, 
you are going to learn to suck me till I come in your mouth. I want you to try to swallow 
as much as you can, he instructed her. Adrienne was both disgusted and fascinated as 
she learned to suck and lick the mans cock and balls. She also learned that she enjoyed 
the power she seemed to have over him, making him squirm and moan. Soon she started 
to taste a new, slightly lemony taste in her mouth as his cock started oozing pre-cum. 
Now the man had her bobbing her head up and down on his prick as his hips started 
jerking in her mouth. He had her reach under and gently massage his balls and the area 
behind his balls as she continued to bob her head on his prick. Suddenly he prick started 
to swell up even harder and she felt the area behind his balls getting harder. Then she felt 
his cock start twitching and jerking in her mouth as it started spurting his cum into her 
mouth. She tried to swallow, but it kept coming and soon some was pouring out of the 
corners of her mouth around his prick. She could feel him pulsing, both in her mouth and 
with her hand on his balls. Slowly the pulsing subsided and his prick started to deflate.

Slowly she became aware of her surroundings. Some of the couples were finished, others 
were still fucking. Adrienne watched as the remaining couples finished. Theyve all 
been fucked and filled with sperm, she thought to herself. Now the woman spoke again, 
All of you but Adrienne start work tomorrow night. Remember, your goal is to please 
your companion and encourage him to come back again. Adrienne, you will get to wait 
until after your next period for your special customer. Until that time, you will help out 
around the building and you will receive your meals.

First Night

Over the next several weeks, Adrienne performed chores around the house and listened to 
the sounds of a house of pleasure in the evenings. Every evening the women would 
gather in the meeting lounge where customers picked their partner for the evening. The 
women all wore shear gowns of various colors, but which did little to conceal their 
bodies. Even the pregnant women were expected to attend the lounge  a reminder to the 
customers of how receptive the women were for them. She watched the other girls 
leading men to their rooms, followed by the moans of passion and sex. Soon, the men 
would leave, smiling. Adrienne pictured the couples fucking, cocks sliding in and out of 
pussies, and knew that soon she would be joining the other women, letting unknown men 
use her body for their pleasure, taking their sperm inside her. The days passed, her period 
came and went. The day after she was again clean, the master of the house called for her. 
Tonight, you will entertain your first customer. He will be paying a special price to fuck 
a virgin. Make sure he leaves here happy. Tomorrow you will join the other women. But 
tonight, you will wait for your special customer in the private lounge.

That evening after an early supper, Adrienne arrived in the private lounge, dressed in her 
own shear gown. This is it she thought, tonight I am going to have my first fuck. I am 
going to feel a mans penis in my vagina, Im going to feel his sperm flooding my 
womb. Despite herself, she felt a twinge of anticipation in her pussy. Soon she heard 
voices approaching. One of the older women led a middle aged man into the room. 
Rogan, Id like to introduce you to Adrienne. Adrienne has been saving herself for a 
special someone and is anxious to become a woman tonight. Enjoy yourself! And with 
that she left, leaving Rogan and Adrienne alone.

Well girl, you look like youre ready to learn the pleasures of being a woman. Living 
here I imagine youve heard your friends enjoying themselves. I bet youve gotten 
excited thinking about what was happening to them, what it felt like to get fucked by a 
man. Mm-m, the man said as he stepped forward and started massaging her breasts 
through the sheer gown, Well, tonights your night. Youre gonna feel a real man 
fucking you. Adrienne felt both embarrassment and a strange excitement as this strange 
man massaged her breasts. He was looking into her eyes as he spoke. This is it, she 
thought, this man is going to fuck me, take his pleasure with my body. He knows it, and 
he knows I know it. And there is nothing I can do about it. Now he stepped closer, 
pressing his body against hers, reaching around and grabbing her ass with his hands as he 
ground against her. She could feel his partially erect cock pressing against her as he bent 
over and kissed her, forcing his tongue into her mouth.

Then he broke away and stepping back, commanded her to remove her gown. Sheer and 
transparent as it was, this was her last barrier. Slowly, reluctantly, Adrienne unfastened 
the gown and let it slide to the floor, leaving her standing naked in front of the man. He 
commanded her to turn around, letting his eyes wander over her body in appreciation. 
Now run your hands over your breasts for me, he commanded. Obediently, Adrienne 
began to lightly massage her breasts. Squeeze, them, pinch your nipples he 
commanded. Shortly he told her to lay on the bed. This is it, he is going to fuck me 
now thought Adrienne. But to her surprise, he commanded her to play with herself, to 
run her fingers over her pussy. Show me youre getting excited in anticipation, he 
demanded, Show me how wet youre getting, how ready you are for a man. Her fingers 
ran along her slit, lingered on her clit, and then slowly slipped inside. Adrienne felt 
herself blushing, touching herself in front of this man, but she felt her pussy twinge, felt 
herself getting wetter. Soon her finger was glistening with moisture.

Soon the man said, Thats enough. Now I think it is time for you to start working on 
me. Walking to the bed he told her to stand up and remove his robe. It dropped to the 
floor, to reveal his half hard cock and large hanging balls. He instructed her to run her 
fingers over his chest, and work her way down to his dick. Adrienne obeyed. When she 
reached his dick, she hesitantly wrapped her fingers around it, and felt it pulsing in her 
hand. She squeezed and felt it respond, growing bigger. She reached down further and 
ran her fingers over his balls, again making his cock jump. Soon the man took her 
shoulder and lowered them both to the bed. Now he began to run his hands over her body 
while she continued to fondle his genitals. She felt this strangers hands on her breasts, 
her ass, her pussy, and sliding into her pussy, until he hit her maiden head. By now his 
cock was fully erect, standing up hard and straight, throbbing in her hand, eager to do the 
job it was meant for.

I think its time, she heard him say. Then he was pushing her onto her back, spreading 
her legs and crawling between them, his prick standing out in anticipation. She looked at 
it. This is it, she thought. This is going to be the first of many cocks that slide inside 
my pussy and shoot their juice in me. My pussy is going to massage and milk that cock 
until his sperm shoots out of that hole in the end, and into my body. She watched with a 
combination of dread and anticipation as his cock head neared her pussy. As it came into 
contact, she involuntarily tried to move her hips down and away, but at the same time, 
her pussy spasmed in anticipation. She felt him rubbing the head up and down her slit, 
lubricating it with her juices and opening her lips for entrance. Now she felt him pushing 
into her, her pussy starting to stretch for the first time to accept a mans cock. She felt 
him burrowing deeper, until she felt a pressure inside and felt him stop. He had hit her 
maiden head. In a few more seconds he would be through it and she would no longer be a 
virgin. She felt the pressure increase as he pressed forward, then decrease again as he 
withdrew a bit, and then a sharp ripping pain as he lunged forward, breaking through. His 
cock continued to slide in until she felt his pubic bone grind against hers. She looked up 
at him and saw him grinning down at her. Mm-m, that feels nice, he moaned, wiggling 
his hips to seat himself better, Nice and tight. He reached down and massaged one of 
her breasts. She felt his penis throb inside her. Now she felt him start to withdraw, 
leaving her with a feeling of emptiness, longing. To her amazement, she wanted to feel 
him sliding back inside her, filling her, stretching her with his cock. And he did. Rogan 
began to slide his cock in and out, fucking her.

At first Adrienne lay still, letting Rogan fuck her, resigned to her fate perhaps, but hardly 
a willing participant. But her body began to respond on its own, doing what came 
naturally. She was surprised when she realized that her hips were driving up against this 
man, fucking back at him, and that the moaning she heard was coming from her own 
mouth. Ah, you like that eh? You like that hard cock fucking you? Oh-h he moaned as 
he continued to thrust into her. Rogan lifted her legs till they were bent back toward her 
head, allowing him even deeper penetration. As the fucking continued, Adrienne learned 
to move her hips to increase the friction on her clitoris and the depth of penetration. 
Adrienne could feel his thrusting getting faster now, his strokes getting shorter and, his 
breath coming in pants. She felt his arms slide under her shoulders, pulling her close to 
him, mashing her breasts against his chest. She sensed that he was getting closer, that his 
prick was about to pump the first load of male cum into her pussy. Oh, yeah, yeah. Im 
about to come. Get ready, get ready for your first load he panted. Then she felt his cock 
growing harder and swelling up, and suddenly he was lunging hard against her and she 
felt a pulsing inside her followed by a flooding warmth and she knew he was coming in 
her, filling her with his cum. The pulsing slowed, until he was resting inside her. She felt 
an occasional throb as his cock jerked trying to push the last few drops into her.

Slowly he leaned back and then started to withdraw his deflating member. As it came out 
she saw it was shiny and wet with their mingled juices. Soon the man got up, put on his 
robe, and left, leaving Adrienne laying in the private lounge. She could feel a bit of his 
cum oozing out of her pussy. She looked down, her lips were red, puffy, and open, her 
pubic hair matted with juices, mostly hers. Eventually she got up, put her robe on and 
walked to her room.

As she lay in her bed that night, thoughts swirled through Adriennes mind. The sex had 
been great  everything she had imagined. She had been thoroughly turned on, she loved 
the feel of Rogan thrusting into her, and the feel of him lunging against her as he lost 
control and came in her. But good women were chaste, giving themselves only to their 
husbands. But she was now a whore (and the sex had felt wonderful). But good girls 
dont become whores. But she had no choice  she was a slave in a foreign city, her body 
was no longer her own (and she was still horny). But she would surely become pregnant, 
and not even know who the father was  she was to share her charms with any man who 
paid to enter the brothel. But her children would be free citizens of the great Roman 
empire (and she would enjoy fucking lots of men). Well, if she was going to get fucked 
everyday regardless, why not enjoy it?

Claudius

Word of her deflowering spread rapidly. The next day, at breakfast some of the women 
offered her sympathy, others asked how it was, still others teased her about finally 
becoming a woman. After breakfast, Adrienne was in her room when Claudius, the 
master of the house entered and sat on her bed. Well, youre no longer a virgin, eh? I 
understand Rogan enjoyed himself last night  I like to hear good reports about my girls. 
But I also like to perform my own quality control. Being master of the house has certain 
privileges. Claudius was somewhat overweight, with a rounded belly, thinning hair on 
top, and meaty hands. Now, I want to see you demonstrate your skills. Lets start with a 
dance. At first Adrienne moved mechanically, but Claudius was an old hand at running 
the house and knew what he wanted. Under his direction, she was soon swaying 
sensuously, undulating her hips, rotating her breasts. Claudius directed her to drop her 
robe and continue. While she did not find Claudius attractive, the sensual dancing was 
having an effect on her  her body knew the likely outcome of her actions and began 
preparing itself. Her nipples hardened, blood flowed to her pussy lips, making them 
redden and puff out as her pussy began to moisten slightly.

Now Claudius beckoned her over. Leaning over, he placed his mouth on one of her 
breasts, and a hand on the other. Another hand dropped down and cupped her mound. 
Ah, an eager girl I see. Good, good. he said. Now he opened his robe and said, Show 
me what you can do with this. Adrienne got on her knees and took his penis in her 
mouth. As she licked and sucked, nose buried in his pubic hair, she could feel him rapidly 
inflating, getting ready to fuck  her. Lifting her head off his shaft, she bent lower and 
sticking out her tongue, began to lick and nibble his balls, while her hand continued to 
massage his shaft. Then she licked back up to the top, and again swallowed him. Claudius 
instructed her how to suppress her gag reflex so she could take more of him in her mouth, 
and part way into her throat. Meanwhile, he was running his hands over her body. As she 
continued to minister to his rigid member, she began to taste the now familiar taste of 
semen as pre-cum began to leak from his penis. The combination of the smell of a man 
filling her nostrils, the taste of him in her mouth, the feel and sight of his erect penis, and 
the feel of his hands on her body were sending signals her body could not ignore. And her 
body responded, preparing itself for the union that was sure to come. Her pussy was 
soaked from her own juices, her lips moist and glistening, by the time Claudius instructed 
her to lay back on the bed.

Knowing that resistance was useless, she obeyed, opening her legs wide in wanton 
invitation, anxious for him to relieve her now kindled desire. She watched as he crawled 
between her legs, his rigid cock glistening as it stood straight out from his body, eager 
with desire for her pussy. She saw a bead of cum, cum that could make her pregnant, 
covering the hole on the end of his cock. Now he was moving forward, lowering his cock 
to her lips till the head disappeared and she felt it sending fire through her loins as it 
touched her lips. Leaning forward, Claudius pressed in, his cock parting her lips and 
starting to slide into her pussy. For Adrienne, the feeling was both intense, and relief. She 
thrust up to meet him until she felt his belly slap hers, and then his pubic bone press 
against hers. His cock was inside her. She tensed her muscles, squeezing his cock, and 
felt it twitch in return. By Zeus, I love my job thought Claudius. He always liked the 
first time he got to fuck one of the new girls, the first time he got to feel her pussy 
wrapped around his cock, the first time he got to feel her writhing under him as he fucked 
her, and the first time he got to feel his cum shooting into her.

Claudius started a slow fucking action, wiggling his hips to change the pressure of his 
cock inside her, from top to bottom, side to side. He slid his belly against hers, leaned 
down so her breasts were smashed against his hairy chest, then up so he could squeeze 
them in his hands. Claudius was trying to extract as much sensation from her body as he 
could. Now he instructed her to reach around between his legs and run her fingers over 
his balls. Adrienne felt his sack and the two testicles moving back and forth as he fucked 
into her. As she ran her fingers over his sack she was rewarded with a groan from 
Claudius and an increase in his rhythm. She knew she was increasing his desire, pushing 
him closer to the point of no return. And she liked the idea of being able to make a man 
loose control, to think of nothing but his desire for her.

Now Claudius was fucking with abandon. She could tell he was lost in the pleasure of his 
lust, of his need to fill her with his seed. She loved the hard steady pounding of his cock 
in her cunt and thrust back up against her partner, trying to rub her clit against his shaft, 
to grind it against his pubic bone as he ground into her. Now she could feel his body 
beginning to tense, his cock flying in and out of her, and she knew he was getting close. 
She knew she was about to feel her second load of cum shooting from a hard penis, 
flowing into her, coating her insides. The thought of what was about to happen deep in 
her vagina made her body start shaking as she approached orgasm. Above her, Claudius 
started moaning as the sensation built between his legs, and then she felt his cock surge 
and he lunged hard against her, groaning. She felt his cock pulsing inside her and then a 
spreading warmth as he came in her. She wrapped her legs around him and started 
shaking and shuddering as her orgasm washed over her, her pussy convulsing around the 
cock that had brought her so much pleasure.

Finally she relaxed. She felt Claudius still twitching occasionally inside her. He rotated 
his hips, grinding his pubic bone against hers to capture the last sensations. Then she felt 
him withdrawing. Damn that was good! he exclaimed. With that, he picked up his robe, 
putting it on as he left.

Working Girl

That afternoon, Adrienne joined the other women for their early supper, but then instead 
of going to her chores, like the other women, she bathed, did her hair, put on make-up 
and perfume, and dressed in her gauzy, transparent gown. Tonight she thought, she was 
going to make herself available to strange men, invite at least one of them to her room, 
spread her legs for him and let him sink his cock in her. She felt a tingling in her pussy in 
anticipation. She could fully indulge her sexuality, because there was nothing she could 
do about it. She could act the wanton, without reservation.

She entered the lounge area about dusk, as the other women were drifting in, picking 
chairs and sofas to sit upon. She could clearly see the other womens breasts and the 
outlines of their pubic hair, through the thin fabric of their gowns. Soon two men entered, 
laughing, and looked around, studying the women. They motioned to several of the 
women to stand up, and turn around. Finally, they each selected a woman and they left, 
the women leading the way back to their quarters. Now a lone man entered, studied the 
women for a while, and selected one of the new women, a foreigner who did not speak 
the language. The man gestured at her and made a lewd thrusting motion with his hips. 
He approached the confused and frightened girl and reached out, massaging her breasts 
through the fabric. The matron of the house took the two of them and steered them 
toward the new girls quarters. Several other groups of men entered, selected women, and 
left with them for the womens quarters. Adrienne found herself getting aroused, and 
began to spread her legs a bit, and roll her hips suggestively for the customers. Now the 
first two women selected returned to the lounge. Theyve just fucked total strangers, 
thought Adrienne, Theyve each just had a complete stranger use them for their 
pleasure, taking the mens hard dicks into their pussies and fucking them till the men shot 
them full of cum.

Now another 3 men entered the lounge and began examining the women. Adrienne 
opened her legs, rolled her hips, and licked her lips, looking at the men. One of the men 
approached Adrienne and asked her to stand. He looked her over, and then said, Alright, 
I like you, lets go. Adriennes pussy twitched in anticipation as she led the man toward 
her room.

Upon entering her room, the man grabbed her butt and pulled it against him, grinding her 
against his groin as he bent over and kissed her. Then his hands came around front and he 
began massaging her breasts. After a few moments, he separated and began to remove his 
clothes. Adrienne dropped her gown, standing naked before this man who was about to 
mate with her. Soon he too was naked, his half hard cock twitching with excitement. 
Again, he began to run his hands over her body, her breasts, and then reaching down 
between her legs, running his fingers along her rapidly moistening slit. She reached down 
and stroked his cock which rapidly enlarged, getting harder and standing out straighter 
from his body. She reached underneath and ran her fingers over his balls, eliciting a gasp 
of pleasure from the man. Soon he pushed her back on the bed and crawled between her 
legs, his cock sticking out in eager anticipation, ready to perform its act of reproduction. 
Adrienne lay back, spreading her legs wide in lewd invitation. Her body was wide open, 
ready to receive him. She was ready for him to sink his shaft into her, and take his 
pleasure. Her body was his to enjoy.

He brought his cock head down and ran it along the entrance to her pussy, lubricating it, 
and then thrust forward, sliding it part way in. A few more thrusts and he was buried all 
of the way inside her. Now he began to withdraw and thrust in again. The man continued 
to thrust into her, now fucking faster, with long deep strokes, grinding against her pubic 
bone. Gradually his strokes became faster, his breathing shorter, and she felt his body 
begin to tense around her. Hes getting close she thought. Now his cock was flying in 
and out of her pussy, sweat was dripping off of him. He reached around under her, 
grabbing her ass, pulling her closer to him so he could bury himself deeper in her on each 
in thrust. Now he began panting, and she felt his cock beginning to swell, getting still 
harder and bigger. Adrienne thought he must be seconds away from shooting his sperm 
into her naked womb. I have no idea who this man is, his name, where he comes from, 
what he does. But he is about to cum in me, the most intimate thing a man and woman 
can do thought Adrienne. Suddenly she felt his cock throb heavily and the man jammed 
himself into her, pulling on her ass to pull her as far onto his cock as possible, and she 
felt a sudden flooding warmth in her pussy as the man groaned as his cock started 
throbbing inside her as he pumped his sperm into her. Soon the man was finished. He 
pulled out, grinned at her, put his clothes on, and left. Adrienne was left sitting by herself 
with a total strangers sperm swimming in her womb.

A Big Party

Adrienne felt fortunate that at least she had just completed her period so she probably 
wouldnt get pregnant. But as the routine repeated itself each day, she thought that each 
day was bringing her closer to ovulation and a chance of becoming pregnant. One of the 
women taught Adrienne how to douche after sex, to wash at least some of her partners 
cum out of her pussy and reduce her chance of becoming pregnant. Still, that was by no 
means fool proof (as evidenced by the pregnant women and kids in the house) and she 
faced each day with increasing trepidation. Then on the thirteenth day she awoke to find 
an increased mucous flow, indicating that she had probably started ovulating and was at 
her most fertile.

That morning at breakfast, Claudius entered the dining area and announced that this 
evening they would be providing entertainment for a private party at one of the mansions. 
The women were to dress as usual but they were going to have to walk about a mile to 
the site of the party. The rules were explained to the women. They would all stand in a 
line, turning slowly, so the men at the party could get a good look at them. Then one of 
the more experience women would perform a strip while walking among the men. 
Eventually, she would pick one man to join her in front of the others and put on a live sex 
act, letting him fuck her as a warm up for the other men. Then the rest of the women were 
to mingle with the men and ensure they had a good time.

After an early dinner and bath, the women assembled as usual in the lounge in their sheer 
gowns. A man appeared and led them through the courtyard and out of the gate. As they 
walked through town, their bodies clearly visible through their gowns, Adrienne felt the 
eyes of passersby on her.

An erotic show

Finally they arrived at a large mansion, well lit with torches and lamps. The women were 
led to a large banquet hall where a group of men were just finishing dinner, laughing 
loudly, telling jokes, and drinking. After the dishes were cleared away, the senior woman 
of the house greeted the men, moving sensually as she spoke. She told the men the 
women were there to entertain them this evening and that they had a special show for 
them, to start the evening. But first, she wanted the men to enjoy a good look at the horny 
women of the House of Venus. We all joined the House of Venus because we love sex 
and just cant seem to get enough of it she said. With that the women began to turn 
slowly, showing off their bodies. Many of the women lifted their arms and undulated 
sensuously as they turned. After a few minutes they slowed and drifted to the sides of the 
room while the selected woman, Monica, began her dance.

Adrienne watched as Monica moved through the audience, grinding her hips, rotating her 
lush breasts, and brushing against some of the men as she went. Soon Adrienne saw the 
men responding, running their hands over Monica as she moved among them, touching 
her legs, arms, ass, pussy, and breasts. Now Monica began to get more aggressive, 
bending over and kissing one man while reaching into his lap and pushing her thinly 
covered ass toward another man. The mens hands were all over Monica as she continued 
around the room, groping men, kissing them, encouraging them to explore her body. 
After a few minutes of this, she slowly shed her gown so she stood naked among the 
men. She continued her dance, continuing to grope men as they ran their hands over her 
naked body. Many of the mens robes had fallen open and Adrienne could see that many 
of them already had erections.

Finally, Monica took one of the men by the hand and urged him to stand. She peeled his 
robe off and let it fall to the floor. Then she pressed her body against his, grinding against 
him. Monica now led the man out in front of the men, to whistles and calls from the men. 
Again, she pressed her body against him, kissing him, before starting to nibble her way 
down his chest. Adrienne could see that his cock was standing straight out from his body 
as Monica descended toward it. Soon she reached it, and began to lick the shaft as she 
reached underneath and began to run her fingers over his balls. The mans cock rapidly 
grew, getting even harder until it was standing almost straight up. Now Monica lowered 
her head onto it, bobbing up and down. Meanwhile, the man reached down and began 
fondling her breasts. Watching all of this, Adrienne thought to herself, Monica is getting 
this man and herself turned on. She is exploring the cock and balls that are soon going to 
fuck her pussy and spray her insides with baby making cum. He is ready to fuck her, 
anxious to feel her milking his cock till he explodes inside her. And she knows she is 
going to get fucked and take his sperm, right here in front of all of us. And the rest of us 
are each going to get fucked and filled with sperm. And I am right at my most fertile time 
of the month. I wonder how many of the other women are ready to conceive tonight? And 
the men know they are going to get to fuck us. The thought made Adriennes pussy 
spasm and start to get moist. Even if she wasnt looking forward to a good fuck, her body 
was ovulating and knew what it needed.

Now Monica lifted her head from the mans cock, lay back spreading her legs, and gently 
rubbing her pussy looked at the man with a seductive smile and said, Come her baby, 
fuck me good, sink your big fat cock in me and fuck me. The man moved forward 
grinning, his straining cock glistening with her saliva, the tip oozing pre-cum. Adrienne 
watched in fascination, knowing she was about to watch this couple mate, they were 
going to fuck till he erupted in orgasm inside her, shooting streams of his sperm deep into 
her waiting womb. The man rubbed his cock head along Monicas slit, and then started to 
drive it in. He sank in slowly until his belly was pressed to hers. From her position, 
Adrienne could see his balls nestled up against her Monicas pussy. Now the man drew 
out, and sank back in again, starting a slow fucking motion. She could see Monicas 
pussy juice on his shaft as it withdrew. As she watched, their rhythm picked up, Monica 
began pushing her pussy up to meet him, pulling her legs back to allow him to sink in 
deeper. The sight was beginning to turn Adrienne on in spite of herself. Her pussy was 
now quite wet and her nipples were hard.

Soon the mans cock was flying in and out of Monicas pussy. He was panting, sweat 
starting to drip off of him, while she was moaning, Come on lover, faster, give it to me. 
Monicas moaning grew louder until she starting bucking and writhing under the man, 
crying out, Oh, oh, yes, Ah! Im cumming! Keep going! Give it to me! Harder! Fuck 
me! Oh you stud, pound me with that wonderful cock! Oh, I want to feel you shooting in 
me, give me your cum! Now the man started panting, Oh yeah baby! Oh your pussy is 
so hot! Im almost there, I gonna cum in you! Oh, oh, Ah-h-h! Adrienne saw him 
suddenly jam his hips forward, holding himself as deeply inside Monica as he could. 
Monica gasped and cried out, Yes, yes, let it go, shoot it all inside me. Fill me up. 
Empty your balls in me. Adrienne knew that deep inside Monica, the mans cock was 
throbbing and pulsing with pleasure as sperm spewed from his slit and coated the inside 
of Monicas pussy. She knew Monica was fulfilling her biological role, taking a mans 
load of cum from his penis. She also knew that the rest of the men would now be 
incredibly turned on and eager to repeat what they had just watched  that she and the 
other women were also about to get fucked and shot full of cum. And she knew how 
likely she was to conceive when her pussy was filled with cum tonight. Finally the man 
began to relax. Monica reached around between their legs and gently stroked the mans 
balls, causing him to thrust into Monica again, pumping a little more sperm into her 
soggy cunt. Finally the man pulled out and a great applause rose from the watching men.

Everyones Turn

Adrienne knew it was time  time to meet the man who was going to fuck her first 
tonight  the man whose sperm just might make her pregnant tonight. She and the other 
women began to walk seductively toward the waiting men. As she approached, she 
noticed that many of the mens penis were already hard, sticking up out of their robes, as 
if searching for a warm pussy to nestle in to. Adrienne glanced around at the other 
women, some had already shed their robes, the rest were visible through their sheer 
gowns. Likewise, most of the mens robes were open, exposing their genitals. She 
thought to herself, Every man here is going to get to fuck a woman tonight, all of those 
cocks are going to shoot their juice into one of us. And every one of us is going to get 
fucked and walk home tonight with a mans sperm in them.

Adrienne drifted up to one of the men with a prominent erection, and looking coyly at 
him, asked, Would you like to fuck me with that big hard cock of yours? Reaching out 
and pulling her toward him the man answered, You bet. You look like you were made 
for fucking. I cant wait to stick this big cock deep inside you and fuck you good. I want 
to feel your pussy wrapped around my cock, milking me, while those luscious tits grind 
against my chest. With that he began running his hands over her breasts, squeezing 
them, and over her ass, pulling her closer. Adrienne let her robe slide to the floor, leaving 
her naked, and reached down and wrapped her hand around his cock, then drifted lower, 
running her fingers over his balls. The man moved a hand to her already wet pussy and he 
easily slid a finger inside, drawing a gasp of pleasure from Adrienne. She ground against 
his finger, savoring the sensations. His other hand continued to massage her breasts and 
he lowered his mouth to nibble one of them. The mans cock was hot and rigid, yet 
velvety soft in Adriennes hand. She felt it pulsing in anticipation, throbbing in her hand 
while her own pussy was clenching on his fingers. By now his hand was covered with her 
slick lubricating juices and she saw that a bead of pre-cum had oozed from the tip of his 
cock. Both of their bodies were ready to mate, their genitals each anxious for the feel of 
the other, ready to perform the ancient act of pro-creation. Turned on by Monicas show, 
many couples were already fucking, thrusting at each other, cocks sliding in and out of 
pussies. Her partner too was ready, and started to push her back, saying, Lay back. Im 
ready. I want to fuck you now.

Adrienne lay back, spreading her legs, ready to accept her mate. She watched as the man 
moved forward, his cock swaying side-to-side, oozing pre-cum, his balls hanging down. 
Now he pressed the tip to her pussy and started pushing. Adrienne reached down and 
guided him as he started to slip inside her. This is it, she thought. The man continued to 
push forward, sinking his cock deeper into her pussy. She could feel the head stretching 
her cunt as it slid deeper, until she felt his pubic bone grind against hers, his balls nestling 
against her ass. Now she felt him flex inside her a few times, his cock head pressing 
against the entrance to her womb. She pushed back against the man, increasing pressure 
on her clit, sending spasms of pleasure through her body. She clenched her pussy 
muscles, squeezing the mans cock. The man groaned in pleasure, :Ah-h, that feels so 
good. Your pussy is so hot!

Now she felt the man withdraw and thrust back in. Yes, fuck me, fuck me good she 
moaned as the man began his rhythmic thrusting. Looking down between their bodies she 
could see his cock sliding in and out of her pussy at the same time as she felt the head 
sliding in, stretching her, then withdrawing. She could see his balls hanging down behind 
his penis and feel them bumping her ass as he ground against her on each stroke. She 
pulled her legs back and out, giving him deeper penetration, increasing the sensations for 
both of them. As they continued the climb toward orgasm, the man first lowered his head 
and suckled her breasts, then lowered himself, mashing her breasts against his chest. Her 
hips were thrusting up to meet his strokes, her pussy massaging and being massage by his 
thrusting cock, each urging the other on to new heights. Both of them were lost in the 
sensations, their bodies had taken over, their minds simply along for the ride at this point.

The man was panting now with exertion, his sweat slickened their bodies. His strokes 
were faster now, they were both moaning with pleasure. The man now snaked his arms 
under hers, pulling her closer to him, ensuring that when he came he could pull her close 
to him and shoot his sperm as deeply inside her as possible. She in turn ran her hands 
over his back, his ass, while her hips continued to thrust up at him. His penis was flying 
in and out of her pussy now, the naked tip banging up against the mouth of her fertile 
womb, his slit aligned with her cervix. Both of their bodies were working to ensure he 
delivered as much cum as possible, as close to her womb as possible, to maximize the 
chances of reproduction.

Adrienne could feel the sensations growing in her pussy, she could feel her orgasm 
approaching, and urged her partner on, to help take her over the edge. Yes, ah! Oh 
faster, fuck me, oh your cock feels so good, keep fucking me, Im almost there. Fuck me, 
make me cum on your cock! Her words rang in his ears. He fucked into her with 
abandon, loving the feel of this woman wrapped around him, urging him on. Adrienne 
felt his body starting to tense and knew that he was getting close, close to erupting and 
spilling his cum inside her. Over the last few weeks she had learned that one of her 
favorite feelings was the feel of a man cumming inside her, lunging against her and 
pulsing inside as he came. The man began to tighten his grip on her, pulling her closer, 
and she felt his cock starting to swell, to become extra rigid, so that it filled and stretched 
her pussy channel, so that when he came no cum would be able to leak out. She knew he 
was just a few strokes away from orgasm, and she knew her own was also just seconds 
away.

Do it! Fuck me! Hard! Cum in me! Let it go, give me your cum! Empty your balls in 
me! I want to feel you cumming in me! I want your cum in my pussy! she whispered to 
him. They looked I into each others eyes, knowing what was about to happen. Her words 
drove him over the edge. She saw his eyes roll back in his head and close as the 
sensations overwhelmed him. He thrust hard into her as he clenched her to him, pushing 
the slit of his penis against her cervix, and then she felt his penis pulse strongly inside her 
as he sprayed his first jet of cum into her, into her fertile womb. This sent her over the 
edge into her own orgasm. They both grunted and moaned as he held his penis inside her, 
now pulsing wildly as he pumped burst after burst of his sperm into her waiting womb. 
Her pussy was spasming around his cock, clenching, milking him. His semen continued 
to shoot from the end of his penis, filling her with his creamy, life giving sperm. She 
could feel the flooding warmth as his seed filled her. Finally, their frenzied pushing 
against each other slowed, she felt his body relaxing, and she reached around their legs, 
running her fingers over his balls, giving him a little extra pleasure and urging him to 
pump a bit more of his seed into her.

They lay together for a few more minutes, each still enjoying an occasional further 
contraction. They looked at each other, smiling in contentment. Finally, the man 
withdrew his now shrunken penis, glistening with a mixture of their juices. Adrienne felt 
some run down toward her ass. Looking around, she saw that many couples had finished, 
but some were still thrusting enthusiastically at each other, helping rekindle desire to go 
again, in those already finished.

Later, walking home, she felt squishy inside, from the deposits of 3 different men. She 
knew that each of her three lovers this evening had pumped potent loads of sperm into 
her fertile womb, that even now her egg was probably surrounded by a mass of sperm.

