The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except it may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or at www.storiesonline.net 

Copyright   December 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, CAUTION.  Remember this is a wild MC tale with many story codes starting with
incest.  My thanks to Morgan for editing and assistance.  E.Z.


GRANDPA AND ME

Chapter 7

"Wake up.  Look alive.  Breakfast is in fifteen minutes."

I opened my eyes to see Patty smiling down at us.  My arm was asleep because Julie was lying on
it as she curled against me.  She yawned, looked at her mother, and gasped. 

"Mother," Julie said, "You're naked."

"How about that?" Patty quipped.  "Why don't you come down to breakfast naked, too, dear?"

"But Rick's mom and grandfather are still here."

"That's all right.  They saw you last night.  Remember?"

"Yes, but I want to wear something."

"Let Rick decide for you," Patty replied.  "See you two in a few minutes."

Julie's expression was like a person who'd crossed into an alternate universe where they didn't
understand any of the rules. 

When she asked, "Rick, may I wear something?" she sounded confused.

"You are," I replied with a grin.

She blushed and scowled.  "Besides this rope around my neck," she said curtly. 

"I like you in that.  It has a certain savior faire."

"You don't even know what that means," she snapped.  "I'm getting dressed." 

"No, you're not."

"Try and stop me!"

I did stop her, which was an enjoyable process as she squirmed and struggled.  I managed to
avoid flying claws except for one time when she got the back of my hand.  I wasn't in any hurry
to subdue her because it was too much fun, but when Grandpa yelled up for us, I finished the job
by tying her wrists behind her back and using the other rope to tie her legs together.  I preferred
to use that rope as a leash, but I didn't want to get kicked.  

Sweet Julie looked lovely in her bondage.  Her body was damp with sweat from her struggles. 
Her chest was heaving from her exertion.  Her face didn't look lovely however.  It was contorted
in anger because she was mad as hell.  

"Wait until we get downstairs, you bastard.  My mother will call the police and have them cart
you away," she barked.  

"Now, Julie, that's no way to talk to the man who's fucked you so nicely," I said.    

I threw her over my left shoulder and started downstairs, but I'd only taken a step before I
decided a little stimulation would be good for Julie.  I mean, with that delightful ass sticking up
in the air, why not use it?  And her pussy was readily available, too.    

"Don't do that," she squealed as I swatted her.  "Rick, no," she barked as I dunked my thumb in
her pussy.  Swat and dunk.  Swat and dunk.  The swats weren't hard.  The dunks were deep,
ending with a flick of her clit.  I had a regular rhythm going.  Julie's complaints gave way to
encouraging gasps by the time I reached the bottom of the stairs.  By the time I reached the
breakfast room, she was squirming on my shoulder in need of an orgasm. 

The three of them were sitting at the table.  Mom jumped up and kissed me with her tongue down
my throat and her hand caressing my cock.

"Good morning, baby," she said sweetly.

Then she kissed Julie on her bloated lower lips.  

"Oh, God in heaven," Julie squealed as Mom buried her tongue in Julie's twat.    

Julie started vibrating and her legs tightened.  She groaned - ohhhhhhhhh - and arched her back
as I felt her tighten.  Mom kept sucking and slurping at Julie's love hole until Julie lay depleted
over my shoulder.

Mom kissed me again and whispered, "Karl says we can do it today."  Her eyes shone up at me. 

I sat down with Julie sitting in my lap.  We didn't talk much at breakfast, which was fine by me. 
I was too busy feeding the two of us.

When Julie recovered her senses after the orgasm Mom gave her, and her stomach was getting
full, her attitude changed.

"Mother, I want to be released this instant.  Tell Rick to let me go," she demanded. 

"Why?" her mother asked as she nibbled on a piece of toast larded with jam. 

"I have no intention of being Rick's sex slave.  That what he said he'd do to me, Mother.  Make
me his slave."  

"You said you'd like whatever I did to you," I said to Julie.

"That was the orgasm talking.  Not me," she said fiercely.  "Now let me go.  Mother, tell him to
let me go."

"No, dear," Patty said.  Her tone was like any mother's, soft but unyielding.  "You're going to
belong to him." 

"Mother!"

"Let's go, Rick.  It's time," Grandpa said as he stood up. 

Julie kicked and squirmed when I tried to stand.  Grandpa lifted her off my lap, swatted her
across the ass, and marched out of the room with Julie in his arms.  I was right behind him.     

When Grandpa got to Julie's room, he dumped her on the bed. He sat beside her with his hand in
her hair to hold her head against the bed. 

"Be still, you little bitch, or I'll swat you again," he threatened. 

Wide eyed and angry, Julie stilled.  

"Rick, Julie's lied to you.  She wasn't a sweet little virgin and she had no intention of being
faithful," Grandpa said.

"I don't believe you," I replied, but when I saw Julie's expression, I knew Grandpa was telling
the truth. 

"That's not true, Rick.  I was a virgin," Julie lied. "You've got to believe me."

"Ready?" Grandpa asked.

"Ready," I answered. 

I lay on top of her. My weight pressed her into the mattress and I used her hair to hold her head.
Julie was terrified as Grandpa squirted the liquid in her mouth.  She spit some out so he squirted
another full dose and held her mouth shut.  In seconds, she was out like a light. 

Grandpa began his hypnotic trance.  "Relax, Julie. Relax and sleep.  Julie, listen to my voice,
only my voice.  I want you to relax, totally relax, and sleep.  Your conscious mind is asleep.  You
hear only my voice.  Deeper, Julie, deeper.  You are going deeper into sleep.  You feel
comfortable, feel relaxed and happy.  You enjoy this feeling.  You enjoy being this open and
receptive to my voice.  Deeper now, Julie.  Listen to my voice.  Each time you hear my voice you
go deeper and deeper into your relaxed, warm, happy, feeling. Deeper, Julie, Deeper."

Julie was totally limp, her breathing slow and easy, her eyes closed.

"Listen to me, Julie. You enjoy listening to my voice.  You enjoy obeying my instructions to you. 
It makes you feel good to obey me.  Good and warm and fuzzy with happiness when you obey
me.  Deeper now, Julie.  Julie, can you hear me?"

"Yes," she said in a ghostly monotone.

"I want you to answer all my questions with complete and total honesty.  Julie, who took your
virginity?"

"Tommy Thompson."

"Shit," I said.  Grandpa's expression said I told you so as he silenced me with a finger across his
lips. 

"When?"

"Three weeks ago."

"How many times have you had sex with Tommy?"

"Three."

"Have you had any other men?"

"Just last night with Rick."

"Who did you enjoy more, Tommy or Rick?"

"Rick."

"Why did you enjoy him more, Julie?"

"I... I don't know."

"Any other sexual activities with men?" Grandpa asked.

"I've let a couple of other boys touch my body through my clothes when we were making out." 

"Have you ever had sex with a woman?"

"Yes."

You could've knocked me over with a feather, but Grandpa smiled knowingly.

"Who was it?"

"Melissa's friend, Angel."

"How many times have you and Angel made love?"

"Five."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Yes."

"Who did you enjoy more, Rick or Angel?"

"Angel."

"Do you love Rick?"

"Yes."

"Would you marry him?"

"Yes."

"Then why did you fuck Tommy?"

"All the girls do.  He's a stud."

"If you married Rick, would you be faithful?"

"I'll never be faithful."

"Why?"

"I want to fuck a lot of men . . .  and women."

Grandpa could see the confusion and hurt on my face.  I was so pissed off at Julie I didn't give a
damn if she was programmed for me or not.  And I wanted to beat the shit out of Tommy. 
Grandpa waited and watched me.  Julie's revelations shook me to the core, but they proved one
thing.  Grandpa was right.  She needed to be programmed.             

"Julie," he said.  "All girls have sexual fantasies.  I want you to think about yours.  Think about
your favorite fantasy, the one you imagine when you masturbate."

Grandpa winked and squeezed my hand.  I took a deep breath and repressed my anger.   I was
glad Grandpa had programmed me to be in control or I might have gone through the roof. 

"Julie, tell me your favorite fantasy," Grandpa said. 

"I'm a princess captured by a pirate band.  The men bind my arms behind me and put a rope
around my neck like a leash.  They give me to their captain.  He's stunned by my beauty, by my
sexiness.  He strips me naked in front of his crew before dragging me into his quarters.  He rapes
me.  He rapes me over and over.  He makes me his slave and I always wear his collar around my
neck to show I belong to him.  He's afraid he'll lose me, but he won't lose me because I don't
want to leave him."

"Why do you want to stay with him?"

"He shares me with his crew because he knows how much I like sex.  They all fuck me.  They
fuck me as much as I want, but I'm his woman.  I sleep in his bed next to him, no matter who
I've fucked."

"Listen to my voice, Julie.  Go deeper, deeper and deeper.  You enjoy obeying me.  Obeying me
makes you feel warm and happy.  Warm and happy.  You'll remember everything I say and know
that it's true.  Julie, Rick's the pirate who captures you.  Rick's the man who owns you.  You are
his.  You belong to him and you'll obey him.  It pleases you to obey him.  Do you understand?"

"Yes."

"I want you to repeat after me: "I love Rick.  I enjoy Rick owning me.  I want to obey Rick.  I
want to please Rick."

Julie repeated it once.

"Julie, I want you to repeat those words until I call your name again."

As she began repeating, Grandpa motioned for me to follow him.  When we were out in the hall,
Grandpa said, "Well?"

"She's a little slut who's going to fuck around on me," I snapped.

"No, Rick.  She's a teenaged girl full of fantasies just like you're a boy full of fantasies.  You
plan to fuck around on her, don't you?"

"That's different," I said defensively.

"Why?"

"Grandpa, whose side are you on?"

"Yours.  She's an adorable, sexy little fox that last night you would've married on a bet.  So, cool
it.  After the programming, you'll never need to worry about her love or affection, or who she's
fucking."

"But I wanted her to love me."

"What did she say before I programmed her?"

"That she loves me, but . . . "

"But nothing.  She said it naturally and she said it in a trance when she was programmed not to
lie.  She does love you.  Don't get hung up over her wanting to experiment and play around
because that's normal.  Women are sexual creatures, Rick, and that little woman loves sex, or
didn't you notice?"

"I noticed, but I want her to be mine."

"She is and she will be.  After this programming, her love will never cool and she'll always be
faithful.  Come on.  Let's go back inside."

Julie was still repeating those words when Grandpa called her name and she stopped talking.

"Julie, Rick is a man.  You understand a man wants to have sex with more than one woman.
You're happy when Rick has sex with other women because you know it makes him happy.
When you see him having sex with another woman it'll make you want to have sex with both of
them.  You'll never be jealous.  You'll tell him about any woman who has a sexual interest in
him.  It pleases you to help him seduce other women.  Do you know anyone who has an interest
in Rick, Julie?"

"Yes."

"Who?"

"Shauna Williamson has a terrible crush on him."

That made my ears perk up.  Shauna was a soccer player with an ass and legs almost as good as
Julie's.  

"Julie, Rick is the pirate captain who owns you, but I'm the pirates' admiral.  You'll fuck me
anytime I ask you to do it.  But, except for me, Rick controls your sexuality.  That pleases you
because it makes him happy.  It makes you feel warm and happy knowing Rick controls your
sexuality.  If he tells you to have sex with another man, you will enjoy it and make sex enjoyable
for the man, too.  Do you understand?"

"Yes."

"You'll have and enjoy sex with any woman who lives in this house because you know that
pleases Rick.  If Rick tells you, you'll have sex with other women, too." 

Grandpa continued by implanting her post hypnotic suggestion, which was 'blue dog', and by
telling her she wouldn't remember being hypnotized but that she'd obey and believe everything
he said.  Then he brought her out of the trance. 

She looked up at me with wide, sincere, loving eyes.

"I love you, Rick," she said softly. 

"I love you, too, Julie," I said, but I was hurt by what she'd said.   Deeply hurt.  

To be continued

Please!   Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com