TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  October 2006 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.


Story Content: MC, Cuckold, Cum Eat, FemDom, Mdom, MMM+F, MM, IR

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


AUTHOR'S NOTES:  
1-I plan to write other stories in this series about the fictional city of Phantomville.

2-Many thanks to an avid fan  Sp08 - whose e-mails gave me the inspiration to undertake this project.  In addition,  many thanks for performing a review and proof reading efforts also.

3-If the reader is offended by Bukkake like action, then it is advised that you not read the last half of this story with Cum Eating  in the chapter title.


Story Content: MC, Cuckold, Cum Eat, FemDom, Mdom, MMM+F, MM, IR

Title: Phantomville #1 - The Story of Donald & Dawn 
Author:  C.D.E.

CAST:
Donald Woods Helton
Dawn Helton
Dr. Judy  Relationship & Marriage Counselor
The Woods  Donald's Parents

	In the town of Phantomville, a city that exits in our state of mind, and located somewhere in the world of our collective imaginations, Donald Helton stood at the sink busily washing the pile of dishes that the weekly Helton Family Sunday dinner generated.  Other Helton women members were also assisting in the kitchen clean up, including his mother-in-law Hazel Helton, whose house was where the weekly feast occurred.

	He was the only male in the kitchen.  He wore a pink and lavender old fashioned long length lacy pinafore, that his mom-in-law kept especially for him.  Like a lot of things in his marriage, he initially had concerns about being made to wear the effeminate item, but over time accepted and adapted to what his wife and in-laws desired of him.

	Donald was married to Hazel and Hank Helton's daughter Dawn.  They have been married now for 9 years and have 4 children.

	Donald's name was Woods before the marriage, but took on the Helton's family name when he married Dawn.

	Donald's dad gave his son away to Dawn at the nuptial ceremony, while his mother looked on with tears of joy in her eyes.  It was also Donald that wore a white wedding gown.  This was very fitting since he was the virgin, not Dawn, his bride to be.

	Dawn on the other hand was waiting at the altar with her best men.  Yes, it was a group of her regular and steady fuck buddies  her 5 best studs.  Yes, there were 5 of them.  They were all over 6 feet and brawny and muscular and handsome  built just like her dad, Hank.  The groom on the other hand was of slight build and did not exhibit the macho charisma that Dawn was almost always attracted to and made her cunt juicy wet, even drippy.

	However, after her pussy was thoroughly made gloppy and sloppy by her macho men, she then was very attracted to Donald to give her twat the tingle she got from his tongue douching that no macho man could or ever would give her.

	She would not expect or respect any of her macho men to do that for her.  In her eyes they were not a man if they did.   However, for her un-macho future husband, mouth douching of her cum filled cunt was not only expected,  but required.

	There wouldn't have been enough room in the hall if all the men that Dawn was fucking had shown up.  But she did want her favorite five there.  There were a lot others seated in the audience.  She by the way was dressed in a tuxedo type dress, that revealed a lot of cleavage from her 38 D's and the mini skirt hem was just a few inches below her very wet, very recently fucked crotch.  Her panties were also missing too.

	She hadn't plan on coming to the altar without panties on, but her best men, and other men, couldn't keep their hands out of her cock magnet cunt, or their dicks out of it either, before she came to the altar.

	Her father and the minister were included in that number.


THE WEDDING CEREMONY

	Dawn also had a difficult time resisting a hard dick of size, because she found fucking and sucking big dicks relaxing and rewarding.  The men who fucked her, wanted to help settle the butterflies in her tummy, she had mentioned before the ceremony.  By the time she arrived at the altar, she was rather relaxed and all the butterflies had been drown in loads of semen.

	Upon arriving at the altar, Donald noticed the  heady cock and cum breath on his new bride, even though her lips were closed.  There was also a strong smell of sex and semen emanated from her cunt.  And despite her efforts to clean her cunt as best she could before the ceremony, there was still a thin trail of drooling semen running down the inside of her thigh.  It left a noticeable and visible  trail as it slowly seeped down the black glistening nylons she wore as part of her sluttish tuxedo slut maternity dress.

	Yes, Dawn was also 5 months pregnant.  She didn't exactly know who the father was at the time, but she definitely knew who didn't inseminate her  Donald the groom.

	Donald, who was only 5' 6 and 130 pounds, was towered over by the men present and even bested in height by his bride who was wearing high slut heels.  However, the flouncy lacy white veil head piece he was wearing did help his height out a bit.

	During the very private ceremony, which had over a 200 in attendance,  the tall well built  black minister began reading the marriage vows:

Do you Dawn Helton, take this male, Donald Woods, as your husband to have as your devoted helpmate and devoted, caring loving husband, who you will instruct, train, and discipline if need be, to be the type of husband you desire him to be.

	I do.  Dawn replied boldly and beaming a broad smile.

Donald, do you promise to be faithful and not impose any condition of control upon the woman whom you are being married to this day, and whose family name you will take as your own, and  will dutifully be obedient to her in every way.

	As Donald listened, he knew now he was marrying a well known slut, but he loved her just the same.  He wasn't quite sure why, but he felt very optimistic that she was the right woman for him and would make him a good wife, and he a good husband for her.  As the minister spoke, his thoughts drifted back to the recent past.

	Up until 6 months ago Donald didn't know she was a slut, or how much of a slut she was. 

	Donald and his family were originally very upset about Dawn's past when she was found out.  Donald was also very upset when he learned that the creamy syrupy juice he'd been tasting in Dawn's wet gapping cunt wasn't because of her excitement over him, but because of the excitation and discharges of other men's dicks  a lot of different men at that.

	To make matters worse for Donald, he was tormented because he had grown quite fond of the taste of her wet gooey gamy cunt.

	In order to try and reconcile the couple, as well as win Donald's family confidence that Dawn, even though a brazen slut, was still a good catch for their son, Dawn's family paid for Donald and his family to visit Dr. Judy, a well known relationship counselor and marriage counselor for such a situation as this.

	Just after three visits, not only was Donald seeing Dawn in a new light, but his parents were also strongly supporting their son to make Dawn his wife.  And this despite that Dawn's terms for reconciliation was that she have her complete sexual freedom, while Donald would be totally faithful and would still commit to save his virginity for her.

	To ensure the latter, there was a special engagement ring ceremony especially  for Donald.  At which,  Donald's mother did the honor of locking the high tech chastity cock lock ring on her son's genitals and handing the electronic remote key to Dawn.

	Apparently, Dr. Judy had worked wonders.  Her counseling and therapy efforts pleased Dawn and her family.  Dawn's dad had paid her handsomely to work her magic  well, brainwashing upon the unsuspecting family and their hard working, nice and mannerly, but mollycoddled mama's boy son  which his daughter desired to be her husband at all cost.

	In addition, Dr. Judy planted a hypnotic suggestion with Donald's parents that they should pay back Dawn's family her counseling fees  which were in the thousands - in a rather unique way.

	Donald's mother was to sexually entertain men for Dawn's dad's profit.  In addition, Donald's dad was to always be there to mouth clean his wife's spend filled snatch, as well as the customer's dick if the customer desired this free perk.

	Dr. Judy later counseled Donald's dad into becoming a full fledged cocksucker, also for Dawn's dad's profit  but more about that later.

	Even though Donald wore a cock lock, Dawn was kind enough to let her groom masturbate periodically during the remainder of their engagement, but only under her watchful eye. In addition, he had to cup his hand and catch his ejaculate and consume it as she watched, being sure to slurp and lick his hand completely clean of his slimy goo.

	Donald at first thought this aberrant behavior, but at the same time, something inside told him that because the woman he loved, desired it, that it was the right thing to do.  Doing this for Dawn became second nature to him, and and he even discussed it with his parents, who praised him for eating  his own cum.  His parents now looked upon their son's sexual activities with Dawn as natural and normal for such a couple  that is for a slut and a wimp.

	Donald's thoughts snapped back to the moment as hand as he proudly replied to the minister.

	Yes sir, I do.
	
Then I pronounce you woman and husband.  Donald, you may now salute the woman for whom you are now the husband of, by kneeling and kissing her in the special place she desires you to.

	Donald did as the minister instructed and was soon face to face with his new bride's reddened dick battered gapping gamy funky smelling snatch.  Though her hairy crotch was a mess, he was still, as usual, attracted to it and kissed her as he was told.  He licked and sucked her too.  Dawn let out a sensuous squeal as she grabbed the back of her new and  virginal husband's head, and pulled him tightly to her moist, warm, hairy, and recently fucked pussy.

	Donald had no choice but to give more licking and suction because he knew that was desired of him.  This went on for about 5 or 6 minutes until Dawn moaned and cried out in the throes of her umpteenth orgasm of the day.

	As Donald was about to get of his knees, with his slime smeared face, Dawn asked him to lick up the slimy trail of cum that was still trying to make it's way down her inner legs.  He dutifully did.

Before you arise my son, you must also salute the best men in a like manner, as a symbol of your acceptance, of the need by the woman you're now married to, to have real men in this marriage.

	Donald looked over to see all five men unbuckling and lowering their trousers.  Each exposed their sizable dicks and he knew immediately what was meant by saluting them.  

	Donald wasn't given the wedding script in detail, but he just knew he was expected to do as he was told.  Something he had become rather good at and was becoming proud of it.  Another after effect of Dr. Judy's counseling and therapy to help him become the type husband Dawn needed and desired.

	It took over a half  hour , but the new groom was successful in sucking  each man's large stately member to a creamy completion, including that of the black minister.  After collecting each heavy hot slimy ejaculated load, he was directed to turn around to the audience and show, with a wide open mouth, his receipt of each manly load  it was a messy nasty image, but it excited and drew applause from the assembly.  The new groom then gulped down each man's copious slimy outpouring.

	The noisy sucking actions by the groom incited some similar activity among the attendees, as several men and women, dropped to their knees and attended to cocks and cunts orally.  A cacophony of low level sucking and slurping sounds could be heard. 

	After the ceremony, the newly weds then proceeded to a reception that can only be described as an outright orgy.   Donald, who was wearing his chastity cock lock, never got to put his throbbing hard hot little prick in his new bride until he escorted her back to the bridal suite.  She was on the verge of passing out from drink, and was literally covered in cum.  Her cunt was puffy and flooded with many deposits of spend.  Every man at the reception had fucked her at least once, and over half them did her twice, in whatever hole was available to them.

	As the new groom took his new bride to their wedding chamber and bed,  she was literally  drunk and after being laid down, fell soundly asleep. Yet Donald was so excited because he finally had his new bride alone and could finally take liberties with her beautiful, even though pregnant body.  She was his at last.  He could now fondle and suckle to his heart's content those lovely luscious breasts  which were now even fuller due to her maternity - which he had been denied his touch all these many months.  And she was now his wife, despite that he was now wearing her family name and the wedding gown.

	Donald was also thankful that Dawn was able to unlock his electronic cock lock before they left the reception hall.  Finally, he could experience what every body else had experienced, on this, his wedding day and night.

	Donald undressed his now passed out inebriated new wife, and cleaned up all of the  splattered dried crusty cum  that had covered much of her exposed body and also soaked through the  attire she wore.  The wedding attire she had worn was cum soaked and ruined.

	Donald had been accustomed to the strong smell of Dawn's cum breath for most for the remainder of their engagement  that is starting from the time they reconciled  but this time he had to deal with major fuck odor.

	However, Donald had to give credit was due, for he also was responsible for some of the same smell.  His hair and face and ass also contributed to the funkiness of the air.  For his face had been used  as a fuck hole by men, and and his mouth as a fuck slop vacuum and rag by women at the reception when he was called on to clean thickly oozing pussies.

	He also had a slight ache from the several fuckings he'd experienced in his rear.  He was glad he had been talked into getting his ass hole prepared for that before the wedding.  He knew that it probably was humiliating to let men do that to him, but he did have to admit, Dr. Judy was right about it not really being that  bad having a dick, or dicks, pumping in and out of his ass.  It also did make leave him feeling mellow and very relaxed after all the hards dicks were through with him.

	Donald also had a slow leak down his his inner legs from the several jism deposits he'd received backside.  Very similarly to the oozing from his new bride's well used, but well satisfied pussy.

	However, despite the strong blended fucking aroma that filled the bridal chamber, Donald closely inspected his new wife's delectable pussy, which still was attractive despite being a disheveled nasty hairy mess.   He decided that he should save that cleaning task for his mouth.

	It was Dawn who introduced him to cummy cream pie, and Donald elected to throughly delight in consuming the contents of this oozing masterpiece spread before him.	

	In helping him overcome his guilt of being a creamy hair pie lover, Dr. Judy instilled in him that it was a delicacy that only a few males could enjoy, therefore he should not be concerned about the fact that Nature didn't choose others to have a palate for such a dish.

	Therefore Donald was pleased that he was a chosen one.

	Donald had sucked out many if not most of all those previous loads ejaculated inside his new bride.  He now had to mouth vacuum out one more cunt full of fuck slop before he could enjoy humping the lifeless, but messy, pregnant and very stretched pussy of his new, but sleeping bride.

	Having simultaneously giving his virginity up to his sleeping wife and performing his conjugal duties, the new husband drifted away to sleep.  He cupped one of his wife's delectable tits, and  had a smile on his face.


BACK TO THE PRESENT

	After all the dishes were washed and dried, Donald and the other women in the kitchen, did something they did every Sunday for the last few years, after the kitchen had been put in order.  They all removed their panties  yes Donald wears them, lavender lacy ones at that - in a ritualistic fashion before they return to the room where they will now become sexual dessert for the men there, and also those who will be arriving through out the rest of the evening.

	Before the servings of juicy cunts and and hard cocks were displayed, all the kids were sent away with an elderly family member to be babysat.  Hank Helton was adamant about there not being children around for the adult part of the Sunday Dinner.

	Hank Helton was the basically the originator and pimp for the Sunday dinner, weekly fuck feast family get together.  Family members fucked for free, but outsiders had to pay Hank to participate.

	Hank, as pimp, gave the females' husbands a cut, but never them.  All the women never saw much of what was given to their husbands, but they were very satisfied with all the extra dick and cum they got every week. 

	As one of the wives was overheard saying If nothing else, these little family dinners really helps to satisfy the whore in me.

	The Helton family women at the Sunday Dinners were are all accustomed to being receptacles for many strange dicks, and so was Donald.

	In fact, Donald had been trained to be comfortable with hard dicks about the same time his dad was.  Dr. Judy had counseled both father and son about the goodness and delight of  performing Fellatio and swallowing loads of hot sperm.  

	She cultivated in both of them that to be respected cocksuckers, they always had to swallow the sperm ejaculated in their mouths.  And to earn even more respect from the men they blew, they should always kiss, lick and lap a man's hairy gonads.  Both father and son always went for the extra respect, and even for an extra serving of semen if the dick they were sucking wanted to give them more seed.  

	Both father and son, and both wimpy, felt respected, even if the men they sucked off never told them that.  But by Dr. Judy's standards, they had suck seeded in proving themselves respectable cocksuckers, to men more manly they could ever be.

	Dr. Judy also got both to see that getting their asses penetrated by hard dicks helped their respect even more.  So both father and son  also became respected in this most fulfilling way too.


FLASHBACK:  DONALD AND HIS FATHER BECOME COCKSUCKERS

	Hank Helton and his wife Hazel were delighted that Dr. Judy had succeeded in winning Donald and his family over to their viewpoint.  Namely, that their Dawn, despite her being a wanton slut, was a good catch for Donald's wife.

	In addition, Dawn and her family were very pleased that Dr. Judy had converted the Woods  Donald and his parents, from being an uptight rather conservative family, into a family that were more opened minded.  In particular, Donald's mother had also been changed into more of an open legs woman too, that fucked all who were sent to her by Hank Helton, as a way to pay Dawn's family back for Dr. Judy's counseling fees.

	The Woods didn't know why they were paying Hank Helton back they way they were, but they were pleased to do so because Dr. Judy told them that it was alright, and would better help them bond with the Heltons as a family.

	Dawn had gotten Donald to eat her creamy hair pie on a routine basis even before he knew what  it was.  And after Dr. Judy's counseling, she got him to commit to doing so on into their marriage.

	Her dad, Hank, was pleased to that he had a hand in getting Donald's dad into doing the same for his wife - Donald's  mother  now turned into a Helton whore.

	When Hank Helton stopped by weekly to collect his money from the Woods, he also frequently fucked Donald's mom with Donald's dad licking Hank's balls as he laid dick to her.

	Afterwards, Hank would smile contentedly as he watched Donald's dad go down on Donald's mom and clean up the fuck mess Hank had just made in her well used cunt for hire by Hank Helton.

	During these visits Hank was treated with the greatest respect by Donald's parents and they were always eager to please him.  They didn't know exactly why, for they could have paid him the $20,000 in fees Dr. Judy was owed.  However, with the high interest that Hank was charging, they would owe him forever.  However, they neither seemed to mind repaying Mr. Helton, as they addressed him.

	Hank took advantage of their respect for him to turn Donald's dad into a cocksucker.  With Dr. Judy's help, it was really easier than he thought it would be.

	He sensed that Donald's dad, who was small dicked like his son, admired Hank's  much larger member and that Dr. Judy wouldn't have much trouble in counseling him into handling and eventually paying homage to it orally.

	However, hank decided to get Donald's mother to help out too.  This also appealed to Hank's kinky side, for it was more titillating to have the wife involved in influencing her husband to become a cocksucker for the other men fucking her.  It worked very well.

	Donald's dad, who was a wimp before Dr. Judy's counseling, was truly a pussy whipped wimp afterwards.  

	From that time on, Donald's dad became quickly acclimated to Hank's dick and copious loads of hot creamy semen, and didn't offer any reluctance to sucking the other dicks that Hank soon had him orally soothing for Hank's profit.

	To be sure of his commitment to doing dicks for him, Hank had Donald's dad, and Donald too, visit Dr. Judy for cocksucking counseling.

	Hank found Dr. Judy thrilled to be able to further the father's training in being a submissive whoring cocksucker and to guide the son along the same path.

	Donald's mom was also invited to assist in her son's introduction to sucking dick meat.  She didn't fully understand why, but it made her feel good to help indoctrinate both her husband and grown son into sucking dicks, because the man that was hustling her out asked her to.

	Donald and his parents would often sit around their kitchen table drinking coffee and discussing what took place in the most recent Dr. Judy session on cocksucking that Donald and his dad had been to.

	 Donald listen to your father.  Being called a faggot or a queer or a pansy or a sissy or a pussy bitch boy is something that is not negative or derogatory if you have a taste for cock and cum - which both of you do.  Just think of men  saying those things about you as giving you mating calls to take care of their dicks, nothing more.  Spoke Donald's mom.

	Son, your mother's right.  When a man calls me up and leaves a message on the answering machine or with your mom, for that matter, that goes something like:

 Faggot!  My dick is hard, be ready to meet me and my hard meat so I can flood your fucking tonsils  with my dick scum.

	First of all, by saying Faggot, I recognize that he's simply letting me know that he's more of a man than me.  I already know that, since most of the men are.  And you know the same is true for you.  So there's nothing new there.   Right?

	Donald simply responded by slowly nodding his head.

	Secondly, like your mother said, the man is obviously in need of releasing his pent up, hot bothersome cum,  and wishes to mate with my mouth and discharge his load down my throat.  So all in all, he simply wants me to help him with a natural problem that he has.  He could have sought out a woman for his relief  like your mother who does this all the time for all callers, and at all times of night  but no, he chose me instead.

	And son that's special when a real man chooses a pussy mouth male like you or your dad to take his cum.  Donald's mom interjected.

	Again son, your mother's very correct.  Like Dr. Judy said, it gives us a chance to show real men our worth.  And that's important to me and it should be for you also.

	Sweetie, you've proved to Dawn, that while you can't do for her, what her real men do for her with their sturdy dicks,  you have proved that you can do something worthwhile with your ability to suck her drippy snatch, and clean her real men's spent leavings out.  Now as your dad says, you now have the chance to show Dawn's dad, and other men, that you can do something worthwhile for horny sex starved men too.  Donald's mother added.

	Mom a-and dad, thanks so much for having this talk with me.  I-I feel better  a-about being seen as, o-or called a faggot o-or those other names.  I-I don't know why, but I-I also like the idea of men wanting to mate with me.

	And you should sweetie, after all, you do want to taste their dicks and suck down their scrumptious hot seed.  So the idea of  them seeking you out to take their sperm should appeal to you very much.  His mother said smiling.

	
FLASHBACK: DONALD & DAWN TALKING  RIGHT AFTER THEIR RECONCILLIATION 

	Yes Donald I still want you to be my husband, but I have to tell you this.  You still have to be faithful and promise to remain a virgin when we get married in June.  Okay?

	O-Oh alright Dawn.  I'll stay a virgin. I-I guess I-I won't have much choice s-since my wearing this chastity lock w-will pretty much ensure that.  I-I understand Dr. Judy's and your saying why I-I should come to the altar a virgin.  B-But seriously Dawn, it-it's still bothers me that I-I have to be 
u-under lock a-and key w-while y-y-you're uh...

	As Dawn listened to Donald, Dr. Judy had warned her that her counseling for her fiance and groom-to-be, had not fully sunk in to the level needed for total complacency by him for her wishes.  More counseling session would take care of that.   However for the present, Dr. Judy told her he could be very easily intimidated and coerced. Dawn wanted him that way and decided to do just that.

	Putting out for others freely and being an easy piece for the asking?

	W-Well yes, that's basically w-what I was going to say.

	That's just the way I am darling.  I can't just fall in love with any man, I need a husband that has high standards and will be committed to me.  I see you as that husband for me.

	I-I guess I should be flattered.

	Yes, you should be.  It's not like I want just anybody to be my husband.  It's you I want Donald.  And another thing Donald, I also must insist that you continue to suck my pussy after I fuck other men.   I need your mouth on my pussy after those big dicks do me. I'm sorry, I know you still see this as unmanly and something that is nasty, degrading and perverted  even though you like the taste  - now that you know it's jism you've been sucking up all this time.  But I know you'll come around to feeling good about doing this the more you do it.  But for now,  I need you to do it, so you have to get accustomed to eating other men's sperm I bring home to feed to you.  You should just see this as just a normal part of our sex life.  Besides, sucking is something you're very good at.  Alright?

	SIGH!  Mother said you would insist on-on me continuing doing this.  S-Sometimes I-I wish I didn't like the taste so-so much.  B-But Dr. Judy has helped me deal with my issues on this.  B-But I-I'll do as you desire.

	Good!  And another thing darling, even after we're married, you need to understand that you may still have to beat your meat a lot.  And I don't want to hear a lot of complaints about you having to do it either.  Okay?

	O-Okay dawn, I-I won't complain?

	And another thing, my men and their big dicks will have priority over you.  And lastly, after you do me with your mouth, I might not be in the mood to let you have some, so don't count on it in the least. Okay?''

	SIGH!  O-Okay.  Mother t-told me a-about the same thing a-and that I should not be surprised.

	You have a good mother.  You are so fortunate.  I'm so glad that your family's counseling with Dr. Judy has helped you and your parents have a better understanding of the dynamics of a relationship and marriage between someone like you and I Donald, and the special things you need to do to meet and fulfill my needs and desires.

	Y-yes Dr. Judy's counseling sessions have been very helpful.

	Good!  And another thing Donald darling, I want you to become good at sucking dad's cock and those of his friends.  For I'll probably be asking you to do that for some of my men friends also.   Okay?

	Y-You d-don't mind if I-I'm a cocksucker?

	Of course not sweetie.  I think it's a wonderful thing for you to be able to do that.  That makes you more of an asset as my hubby.  In fact you know by now, no one in my family or yours is ashamed of you because my dad has you sucking his and his buddies' dicks.  You're the only one that has some concerns, but I want you to get over them and delight in mouthing dicks and sucking sperm out of those  poles of hard meat.

	I-I see.  D-Dawn,  I-I notice y-your haven't said anything about being pregnant, b-but do you plan to have many other babies b-by ...

	I'm glad you brought that up darling.  And if you're trying to ask if I'll be letting other men knock me up?  The answer is more than likely yes.  And yes, if you really love me, you'll have to get 
use to children calling you daddy who don't look anything like you.

	I-I see. O-Okay Dawn,  y-you know I love you.

	Thank you darling.  And I do expect you to be a loving caring daddy and get use to raising other men's babies too. Right darling?

	Y-Yes, Dawn, I-I'll be a loving dad a-and I-I'll be okay raising babies y-you have by other men.

	After this heart to hear talk with my his new wife to be, things did seem to settle down for Donald and Dawn.  Dr. Judy had pretty much gotten Donald resigned to stop complaining and finding things wrong with eating other men's ejaculate from Dawn's pussy.  Instead she got him to see that he needed to focus on the intimacy of the act, and that it was only he, that Dawn allowed this treat.  For that, Donald should see Dawn's offering as being very special.  The more of Dr. Judy's sessions he went to, the more he accepted her perspective and saw that he was indeed special to have this privilege.

	Donald came to feel even more contented licking up the slimy gooey feed that Dawn brought home from her lovers in her messy slimy crotch.

	In addition, Dawn and he began to have open and amicable discussions about her men who sent their semen in her pussy for him to eat out.

	Dawn was very proud of  her attitude adjusted and counseled fiance, and  even more so the first time she got him to suck one of her studs to a very creamy completion, while she watched.

	Both she and her stud were very pleased as they heard Donald noisily gulping  and swallowing the heavy thick gooey load spurting in my mouth.  And Donald had to admit, just as from doing it for Dawn's dad and brothers and other Helton relatives, the taste of fresh spurted jism from his wife's lover was rather savory.  He also couldn't put his finger on it but there was also something satisfying from having sucked the dick that had been in her and fucked her better than he ever could dream of. 

	Donald also had to admit that real men shoot some hefty hot tasty loads.

	A few days later,  as he was waiting up for Dawn to come in from a date and the promised intimacy of her letting him put his face in what he suspected would be her creamy, cum filled cunt for him to slurp on, Donald thought about his future as Dawn's husband.

	He understood that Dawn wanted a wimp husband that she could keep under her thumb as well as humble for her pleasure.  Dr. Judy had gotten him to understand that this was no reason to not get married to the woman he loved, for he fit the role ideally to be her wimp husband.  She candidly told him that was his advantage over the many men who were fucking Dawn's.

	Donald, she's just having sex with all those other men.  She's only looking for a hard dick from them. You on the other hand, she's expecting a deep true love.  The kind of love she can count on, no matter what happens in the relationship or how unfaithful she is to you. That is true unselfish love. The kind of love a slut yearns for in a husband, in addition to his unwaivering faithfulness to her.

	 In addition Donald, your personality is such that you can  adapt and accept being used.  That's your edge in getting and keeping her, the woman of your dreams.  Was Dr. Judy's words to him from one of their many sessions of counseling.

	Donald loved Dawn that much and knew that by through submission, surrender, and capitulation to her desires, no matter how humiliating those desires may seem to others, she could be his.  Or more aptly, as Dr. Judy phrased it He could belong to her.

	Donald knew that he could please her kinkiness in a way that her other, or "real men", never could. He wanted to keep that advantage.  For he fully realized that this was the only way he could keep such a beautiful woman in his corner, and that was by satisfying her kinky side.

	As he sat and thought further, Donald was reminded of his mom's words that it took a strong and courageous husband, one even stronger than Dawn's real men, to marry and stay married to a brazen demanding slut like Dawn. 

	He also recollected her telling him "Son, in order to stay strong for your tramp wife, you have to become weaker in your resistance to her demands and feel completely at ease knowing that whatever she desires you to do, you are not being degraded by her, but only being given another chance to prove the depth of your true love for her and worthy of being her devoted husband.

	Donald did his best to be worthy.


FLASHBACK: ANOTHER SCENE FROM DONALD AND DAWN'S MARRIAGE: THE FUCK STATION & CUM EATING

	"Dawn, why do you want me to do this?  I'm eating e-enough cum as it is now."  Donald spoke to his wife softly and nervously.

	Dawn is delighted in the shyness that Donald exhibits whenever he does offer the least bit of a challenge to something she desires him to do.  To her, that's better than him slavishly accepting all her orders, for it gives her a chance to trump him.  That always thrills her to do that.  She constantly thanks Dr. Judy for doing such a great job of counseling - and conditioning - Donald to be just the type of husband she wanted.

	"I know you are baby, but I want you to be even more comfortable and even more at ease being a cum sucker and jism eater.  You heard Dr. Judy say that she too thought it was a great idea for you to revel in ingesting horny men's lusty dick cream.  We all know you like the creamy stuff.  Doing this will make you feel less guilty about slurping cum.

	And Dr. Judy  agrees that it can only help you become a better husband and better appreciate how superior other men's dicks are to yours.  Her theory is that the more you taste and drink semen the less you're going to worry about your inferiority.  You'll just accept it as fact and adapt to it."

	Donald knew it was useless debating with his wife.  He could tell she'd made up her mind.  She wanted him to drink bowls of cold slimy melded cum just like the women did in Japanese Bukkake videos.

	Sure, he'd gotten acclimated to eating spent jism from sloppy cunts and the fresh heated stuff that spurted straight from men's dicks.  But the idea of being a cum sump pump vacuum smacked of the lowest of the lowest type of degradation.

	Dawn's dad owned a place called a fuck station.  Seeking a cheap piece, men would pay to  fuck realistic, but artificial rubber cunts at such a place of business. 

	The station had several private booths that also had peep show videos in addition to the rubber cunts. The combination kept a lot of jack off slime off the walls and floors and put money in Hank Helton's pocket.

	As the customers enjoyed themselves, their many loads of spent ejaculate would collect in a reservoir  a  glass bowl.  

	Rather than pay for special disposal as medical waste, which the Phantomville Public Health Department required, and which was an extra cost,  Hank found a cheaper disposal alternative.

	He found a loophole in the Phantomville Public Health Department code.  If a person wanted to consume the spent ejaculate as food, then that was okay with the forward thinking   Phantomville Public Health Department.  That really pleased Hank.  He talked to his daughter Dawn about a solution he had in mind.  They both liked his idea and concluded that while her dad's proposed solution would not only improve his bottom line, it would also titillate both their kinky sides.

	Dawn and her dad thought that Donald and his dad would be great being cum bowl custodians.  

	When told of the new part time job that dawn had found for him, even with Dr. Judy's counseling and wanting to please his wife, Donald still had some mental reservations about consuming  public jism .  Sure, he could use the money and a second part time job  the first was being a cocksucker for Hank - especially since Dawn wasn't sure how many more kids there were going to be in their growing family.

	Donald was only sure of one thing, that none of the future babies would probably be his.  Especially since his wife only let him put it in without a rubber when she's pregnant.

	Donald's dad, on the other hand, took his new part time job in stride and saw it as just another way to stay on Hank's good side.  His comment to his son was  If drinking it cold is too difficult, Hank says it's okay to warm the glop up.   Anyway,  he says it's  like free food with pay for us faggy boys.

	Donald wasn't offended at being labeled or called faggy,  he was quite desensitized at being called such names, including queer.  Dr. Judy had cultivated him well in understanding that what others don't understand, they tend to label as unusual, and well queer.

	Donald recalled Dr. Judy's word from one of their counseling and therapy sessions.

	And Donald, always remember, that just because you suck like a good fairy and don't mind getting fucked up your ass like a faggot, doesn't make you either.  It simply means you enjoy sucking dicks and and having them enjoy your ass.  You can even think of others as unusual, or queer, if they don't enjoy the same. 

	Donald had to admit that Dr. Judy was profound in her reasoning and found it difficult rebutting her logic.  However, this thing about basically sucking up public jack off still concerned him.

	Wanting another opinion and being the mama's boy he was, Donald sought his mother's opinion.

	Oh Donald, without a doubt,  you definitely should do it.  Since Dawn and her dad  both see this as something that is fitting for you and supports their family business as well as helps you to be a good provider for your family, what can be wrong with that?

	So what if others outside the family - or in the family for that matter - see you and your dad as low life gutter flotsam cum suckers?  The point is that you're doing what Hank and Dawn want you to do.

	Donald had to admit that doing what Dawn and her dad desired was something he always found pleasing to do, but somehow, this seemed to cross the line of decency.  He wasn't sure how, but somewhere in the back of his mind, it did.  As he thought about it more, sucking cum from a dick was okay, but sucking it up from a collection bowl that was basically a public semen cesspool seemed different.  He hadn't quite put his finger on it, but it did.

	Sweetie, are you concerned that you can't see the trick's dick or experience the hot spurts on you tongue or against the back of  your throat?

	Oh mother, y-you make it s-sound so simple.

	It is dear.  You know you like the stuff, and here's your opportunity to be a happy cum hog.  All the works been done for you.  Like Hank said, think of it as fast faggy food.  Hee!  Hee!  Hee!

	Oh mother p-please, b-be serious?

	I am baby.  I just want what makes you happy.  That's why I've done everything I can to keep you focused on your love for Dawn and showing proper gratitude and respect for her dad  your father-in-law.  Sure, I admit I was wrong at first, about thinking that just because she was such a slut and whore, that she was not the girl for you.  But  after Dr. Judy opened all our eyes, I've been steadfast in doing those things that a good mother should do to help you be the type of husband she expects you to be.  Son, you have a good wife and a good marriage.  Dawn and her dad have done a lot of good things for you and our family, not to mention the wonderful kids, and beautiful grandkids, she's had for you and us from her real men.

	Remember, it was Dawn that taught you how good it is to eat her creamy bush pie.  Her dad introduced you, as well as your father and me too,  to the delight of cocksucking and well, whoring ourselves out in general.  I just love the many, many different hard dicks that come over here at all times to fuck your father or I, or for us to suck off.

	Donald I know you don't mean to be ungrateful for all the things that I did in making sure your  reconciliation with Dawn was on her terms and conditions, but it's certainly coming across that way. I hope you haven't forgot that it was me that selected your wedding gown she insisted you wear, and worked hard to help you get fitted for it too.  And don't forget about those doctor's visits I went with you on, so you could get properly stretched for the wedding reception, to avoid injury, when Dawn's best men, her father, in-laws, and other guests, lifted the hem of your gown and gave you a congratulatory ass fuck.  You were against that at first as part of the reception planning, but you finally admitted later, that it really relaxed you to have had all those dicks rammed in you and leave you dripping their many loads.

	O-Oh n-no mother, I-I don't m-mean to sound ungrateful, I don't.  Y-You're right, t-t-they 
h-have h-helped us all to see things differently.

	And for the best son.  Donald's dad interjected after entering the room after entering the house unannounced.

	I heard a lot of what you two were discussing while I was out in the kitchen  Donald's dad said.

	Did you bring it honey?  Donald's mom asked her husband eagerly.

	I sure did.  I got one bowl full of genuine Helton's Fuck Station cum out there in the kitchen.

	Oh goodie!  C'mon sweetie, let's go look at what your dad has brought us.  Donald's mom said to him in a giddy eager tone as she took her son's hand pulled him after her hurriedly.

	As soon as the kitchen door was opened the uncovered bowl of yucky putrid looking dick slime had already filled the room with it's fuck scented, fuggy and very funky seminal odor.  It was even stronger than the bedrooms of the Woods house, where the fuck scent of all the many whoring fucks and spilled and drooled jism, by the stream of Johns, had literally permeated the carpet and the walls.

	I slurped up a bowl and a half tonight, but brought this full one like you asked me to.

	Thank you dear. Donald's mother said to her husband.

	Donald, I asked your dad to bring this home so I could sample it.  I think I'd like to work as a cum bowl cleaner too.  Tell you what, why don't you try this out with me?  That's the way I got you to try new foods when you were a baby.  I ate some of it along with you.  C'Mon be a sport and try some of this good real  man stuff with mommie. Okay?

	O-O-Okay mother.  Donald responded slowly all the while looking at the rather large bowl.  There had to be almost a half gallon of yellowish cream colored sponk, with island of lumpy whitish masses floating all across the surface.  From his cock and cunt sucking experience, Donald knew that he was looking at the ejaculate of over a couple hundred plus, rather horny men who had emptied their bloated balls.

	The sight while very detestable and even despicable, and very nasty looking to say the least, had a certain and strange attraction that Donald never thought  he would have to the slimy concoction.  He couldn't take his eyes off the filthy foul looking looking bowl of gunky cum.

	You don't have to say a thing son, I can tell by the look in your eyes, you want to dip your tongue in and try a scoop.  It's best to lick it out like a dog does.  That way you can get the full aroma as you're tasting the good stuff.  Spoke Donald's dad.

	His dad continued.

 	Go ahead and try it cold first, it's a little thick that way, and hard to swallow all it, but it's worth trying out cool.  It's sort of too rich to eat it all that way. We can warm up the rest in the microwave if it's too gloppy for you to get it all down.  Spoke Donald's dad, who was obviously a seasoned connoisseur after less than a week working in his new part time job of sucking up public dick leavings.

	I'll go first sweetie.  Then you can dive in.

	Donald, watched as his mother inhaled the strong smelling stuff and then dipped her tongue into the bowl of cool ejaculate.  

	It evidently agreed with her, for after a few laps she slurped up a mouthful of the viscous yellow- whitish creamy colored glop and savored it as you would fine caviar, as she slowly swallowed it down.

	Honey you're so right, it is delicious cool and slimy.  It has a slight pungency but it goes down so smooth.  It's very rich and creamy Donald dear.  I just know you're going to like it.

	Donald followed his mother's example and did exactly what she had done.  He didn't slurp up a mouthful as she did, but the smaller amount he did consume lead him to quickly go for another slurp of the cool gluey glop.

	In no time mother and son were quickly consuming the thick glutinous faggy fast food that dad had brought home from his unusual part time job.  Dad only smiled as he watched his wife, and formerly reluctant son, consume the entire gloppy contents of the bowl.  Being the good mother she was, Donald's mom let Donald lick gluey spermy dregs from the bottom of the bowl.  When he finished, it looked as if it had been washed and dried. He'd performed just like the Bukkake drinkers on those videos.  

	Her husband was amazed and pleased, he didn't have to waist any energy using the microwave after all.

	All three members of the Woods family were as full as the proverbial tick.  Their combined breaths reeked and smelled like a day old well fucked cunt.  But yet ,they were quite happy, and happily conversed about the slippery slimy meal that had just been consumed and enjoyed.

	Donald, like many converts who were formerly reluctant and skeptic,  talked eagerly about how chewy and tasty some of the clumpy floating islands were. His mom and dad was pleased.  Mom was also pleased that the cum concoction was just as tasty as she had expected.  In fact it exceed her expectations.

	Needless to say, Hank Helton was very pleased that the the entire Woods family was in his employ now to be semen cesspool bowl cleaners.

	And Dawn, knowing that her husband had not only overcome his reluctance of lowering himself down a notch further on the decency scale for she and her dad, she got an even greater thrill as she tightly pulled his cum cesspool mouth tightly to her semen soggy crotch and had a super orgasm as she thought of how wonderfully her husband and his family had been perverted and degraded by she and her father.

EPILOGUE:

	Donald and Dawn Helton are continuing to enjoy a loving harmonious marriage. 

	Donald knows his place and is glad to stay in it.  Whenever he does forget his station, Dawn exercises corporal punishment upon him and he will have a sore backside to show for his forgetfulness.  Whippings are not frequent for Donald, but 	he definitely tries to avoid them. 

 	Dawn is expecting the couple's fifth and sixth kids  she's expecting twins.  She told Donald that more than likely they will be black, since Dawn,   has recently become almost exclusively a white cunt for black dick.

	As usual, Donald accepted this event in stride knowing that he really didn't have a say so in the day to day operation of their marriage, except to be a good and faithful pussy sucking husband and provider, as well as a doting loving daddy to his wife's babies by other men, and of course baby sitter to their children, while his wife goes out on her cock hunts and fuck dates.	

	All in all, another happy, well balanced, marriage in the city of Phantomville.

### THE END ###

	



	








	

	

	


	

	

	

	


	