Kathy's College Days and Sex
byKathy Gray©

Well, at the ripe old age of 17, I'm off to college, turning 18 not long after I got there. I must say I tried to be a bit more reserved at college; I didn't want to end up with one of those nasty college reputations. But that sure doesn't mean things didn't happen, because they did! 

Other than doing a bunch of flashing on spring breaks, my first year at college was pretty boring to say the least. At the start of my second year I went to a doctor to see about having my breasts made smaller. Why you ask? Well my breasts had gotten so big for my tiny body that I had constant back pain and my chest hurt all the time. 

Well, I got the surgery done and darn glad I did. Over my college years I gained a little height so that now I'm 5' 2" tall, weigh 90 pounds and my measurements are 36C - 20 - 32. The surgery successfully alleviated my pain, and I felt great. 

Like I said, not much happened through college other than spring breaks, but it was the spring break of my second year that is worthy of attention. With my new-sized breasts fully healed from the surgery, I was flashing more then ever that year. I went on many boat rides, but there were always other girls onboard. 

I was sitting at a concession stand with more of my pussy lips sticking out of my bikini than was in. A group of guys walked up to me. I had talked with them before and they knew who I was. I was the girl known as the flasher. So, they were not total strangers.

"Hey Kat. Have you ever been on a cabin cruiser?" one of them asked.

"No can't say that I have," I replied.

"You want to go for a ride?" he asked.

"Oh I don't know. Can I trust you?" I replied with a little cheesy smile.

"Hey. You can bring someone with you if you want," he replied. 

"No. That's okay. I know who you are," I replied with another little smile.

"Great! Let's go." he said with all of them smiling.

We walked way out to one of the far piers where the real big boats were. I could not believe how big this boat was. It was the biggest ship I had ever been on. 

I said, "I don't want to go out very far." 

They said, "No problem. We'll just go out there and drift around. How's that?"

As we were pulling away from the dock, other boats coming in wanted me to flash them ... which I had no problem doing. 

"Dam Kat. You're flashing so many you might as well leave it off," the guy acting as captain suggested. 

I said, "I think your right," with a little smile.

I left my top off and then pulled my bikini bottom off as well. I laid down on a bench or something in the back of the boat. I was high enough that other boats going by could easily see me laying there totally naked with my legs spread apart. Boats kept passing and circling many times to get good looks. Most of the guys and girls on other boats were drunk and so were the guys on my boat. I had gotten up to get a Pepsi when guys from another boat yelled out.

"Show us some pussy!" 

I turned towards them to show my bush, only they wanted to see more.

Almost begging they said, "Lift your leg and give a real look." 

I acted like 'no I'm not going to do that' but they begged and begged for me to lift my leg and show them my pussy. I grabbed the top of the boat and lifted my right leg straight up in the air, fully exposing my pussy to them. The cheers and whistling was very loud. As soon as other boats saw what I was doing, they were all coming by for the same show, which again I had no problem doing. This went on for a very long time ... I'm guessing a good two hours. Finally, most of the other boats went on their way.

Hey. Why don't you give us a look like you did for them?" a few of the guys requested. 

Without saying a word, I lifted my leg straight up in the air and held it up. All the guys were getting their looks. A guy that was on an upper boat level above me reached down and grabbed my ankle. He pulled up so hard that I was on the tip of my left foot. 

I said, "Alright you can let go." Only he wasn't letting go.

I had to turn my body sideways and hold onto the cabin of the boat. The 'captain' guy came up close looking at my pussy. I had one foot on the floor of the boat and the other one straight up in the air. Boy was my pussy ever spread wide open.

"Oh man! I just can't resist!" he said while leaning in and licking my pussy, flipping my big cunt lips up and letting them drop four or five times. "Oh Man! That is just as nice as I dreamed it was." After a few licks he said, "Sorry Kat. But you're going to have to get our boat initiation."

As soon as he said that all the other college guys gathered around, all six of them, except for the one holding my leg straight up from above. He started licking my pussy over and over again; and I have to admit, it felt fantastic. The other guys started feeling my breasts and sucking my nipples while the others rubbed my tight little ass and rubbed my inner thighs. It did not take long before juice was flowing out of my pussy and a big orgasm was ready to burst.

It only took a few more licks and boom my cunt exploded with a huge juicy orgasm. Juice was flowing down the inside of my left thigh.

"Holy Christ! Would you look her cum," the captain exclaimed to everyone.

They all gathered around to watch. The captain quit licking my pussy and started doing my clit in a small circular motion. I was so turned on that my cunt responded instantly, burping out big orgasms one after another. All of them seemed mesmerized by all the juice coming out of my cunt hole. 

"Can you fucking believe this?" the captain yelled out.

"Man oh man! I've never seen a pussy cum so much," another one of them said.

Yet another one said, "That is some kind of pussy!" 

I was moaning and groaning very loud. It was so intense in my cunt, especially being spread open the way I was in a standing position. Other boats obviously saw what was going on and made their way for our boat. It wasn't long before three or four boats were gathered around watching the pussy masturbation spectacle that was happening. I can't say I liked everyone coming around to watch, but I was so turned on by then I just didn't care, so long as they continued making me cum.

They spread my pussy lips open out to each side so they could see right into my cunt hole and watch the big globs of juice pumping out of my pussy. I had guarded against doing something like this for a year and a half of college to avoid getting a nasty reputation. But it was too late to worry about that now. I was spread out in front of the guys on our boat and all the guys on the other boats, and there was nothing I could do about it.

That's why I had no problem opening my mouth and letting one of the young guys stuff his cock in my mouth when he pulled down his bathing trunks. He had a nice sized dick and I have to admit I wanted dick right then, and these guys would be more then happy to give it to me. He only took two minutes at most and he shot his load in my mouth. He pulled out and within seconds another dick went in my mouth. He didn't last much longer and shot his load while the other guys were going crazy on my pussy, making me cum over and over again.

Then the guy holding me from the upper level started moving my leg towards the side of the boat, while the others moved my lower leg. They moved me to the side of the boat so guys on the other boats could see my pussy better. 

The captain went crazy on my pussy, flipping my clit back and forth very hard and fast. It got so intense in my pussy, and especially my clit that I couldn't even cum he was doing it so hard. The guys in the other boats were edging him on to do it even harder and faster ... and he did too.

It got so intense between my legs that I screamed out. I wanted to shut my legs but they were holding them stretched out so tightly I couldn't begin to move them. Then my pussy simply exploded as I screamed and juice came out of me in huge globs. All the guys on the other boats were yelling like crazy idiots. 

After the third guy shot his load in my mouth, the guy up above let go of my ankle. As my leg dropped down the guys lifted me up and laid me on the big flat bench-like thing I had been sunbathing on. They had death grips on my wrists and ankles, and just like that I was flat on my back being held spread wide open with my legs pulled back. The captain dropped his swimming trunks, and a rather big hard cock was flopping all around as he made his way between my legs.

He wrapped his hands around my upper thighs and slid me down until my little butt was hanging over the edge. He grabbed his big dick and shoved it right in my tight pussy. I let out a little yelp as he shoved it all the way in my cunt. He started pumping my pussy right away, banging it in deep on every stroke. Like the other guys he did not last very long, shooting his load in a few minutes. He pulled out and another dick went right up my cunt hole. This guy felt a little longer but not as thick; however, it felt great none the less.

That guy fucked me for a few minutes, and after he came, yet another moved in. I glanced down and this guy had a pretty big dick: much bigger then the others. He slammed it right in and I let out a loud grunt. He definitely had a bigger cock then all the others. He was really giving me a fucking while grabbing my legs behind the knees and really spreading me open.

I glanced around and especially the guys on the other boats had sadistic looks on their faces, watching the much bigger cock being hammered into my pussy. This guy was really giving me a hard pounding, his big cock in deep and constantly trying to spread my legs even wider. 

I got three or four cocks right in a row ... all of them giving me a good fucking. But this guy was really banging me good. He fucked me for a long time before blasting his load deep in my cunt, then one of the guys I had sucked off started fucking me. I heard a loud bang and looked to my side. A guy was trying to climb over from another boat and fell in the water between the boats. 

"Hey! Hey! This is getting crazy!" I kind of yelled out.

The 'captain' said, "YES!" Then he said, "Come on guys let's get out of here."

They pushed the other boats away while they were fishing two guys out of the water that had fallen in trying to get in our boat. One of them had blood all over his face from hitting his head on one of the boats when he fell. The captain got our boat going and got us away from the others. I have to admit it got pretty scary there for a while. We went way out away from all the other boats.

The captain said to me, "I am so sorry this got so crazy."

I kind of shook my head and said, "Yeah. That got a little scary"

The captain said, "I think we should go to another dock away from everyone else," which everyone agreed to.

As we cruised along I looked over at the guy with the biggest cock and motioned with my finger to come over to me. He came right over and I lay back, spreading my legs. I didn't have to say a word. He dropped his shorts and his big cock popped out almost hard again. I spread my legs wide and he rammed it in. 

I whispered in his ear, "Give me a real fucking." His cock got very hard and he did exactly what I asked. He pounded my pussy all the way to the other dock. He was still fucking me as the other guys tied up the boat. He shot his load, and he and I hooked up a few more times before school ended.

I was really surprised that no one ever said a word about what happened that day. No comment no questions. But I have to admit that until it got so stupid I was loving it. It made me feel like I was at the Indy 500. Hah!

Well, that pretty much ended my college days. I finished up school and stayed around for a few weeks after graduation for some job fairs they held at the college. It was worth it because I landed the dream job for me at a big advertising firm. The best thing was I would be right in my home town of Indianapolis. 

I hope those of you that are following my life of flashing and sex found this one interesting. But I have to tell you, things really get wild when I return home from college. I do things I never thought I would do. So if you've liked my life story so far, be sure to read the one's coming up! Kathy.
