The mortifying shopping trip
by Revengedpirate 

The mortifying shopping trip part 5

“No way, is that you Hannah?” Asked Sarah.

“Yes who is that?” Said the tannoy girl.

“It’s Vicky’s little sister Sarah.” Said Sarah.

“Oh wow, what would you like?” Asked Hannah.

“Well five quarter cheeseburger meals please. Oh sorry make that four and one nugget happy meal.” Said Sarah.

“Sure no problem, what drinks would you like?” Asked Hannah.

“Four large cokes, and what do you do for little girls?” Asked Sarah.

“Well depends on the age, but we’ve got some fruit shoots, or I could warm a bottle of milk? If the little girl is under two.” Said Hannah.

“The bottle of milk sounds grand.” Said Sarah.

“No problem just drive around to the next window where you can pay and collect your food.” Said Hannah.

“Ok. See you soon.” Said Sarah.

She drove around the corner to the next window.

“Here’s your food, that’s £20.00. Oh my god is Vicky naked?” Said Hannah passing the food out to them.

“Urm yes she is.” Said Sarah.

“Oh you’ve all got to come in the restaurant, there’s a spare table and please bring Vicky as she is. The customers and staff need some entertainment.” Said Hannah.

Vicky blushed red.

“We would usually but it’s past wittle Wicky’s bed time. Wittle Wicky could come out to play tomorrow? Here’s our address, if you’re not busy, you can pop over any time, even later tonight after your shift if you’re free.” Said Sarah.

“Oh yes I’d love to. Don’t worry about paying I’ll get it. Besides it was worth it to see wittle Wicky from school.” Said Hannah.

“See you soon, then Hannah.” Said Sarah.

Johnny handed a piece of paper to Hannah, Sarah started the car again and started the drive home.

Sarah pulled up on the other side of the street to the front door. Everyone got out except Vicky. Sarah huffed.

“Fine have it your way.” Said Sarah.

Louise went across the street and opened the front door and let herself Kat and Johnny in. Sarah meanwhile dragged Vicky out by her legs. She hoisted the little girl over her shoulders and shut the car door.

“Aren’t you lucky the streets are empty.” Said Sarah as she carried Vicky across the street like a sack of potato’s.

Sarah carried Vicky into the front room and sat her down on the armchair.

“You can watch some tv before bed. I’ll also feed you your happy meal.” Said Sarah.

Sarah set up the tv. Then she picked Vicky up and had her sit on her lap.

“I’m going to eat my dinner first, I’ll feed you when I’m done. Oh and this will keep you quiet during the film.” Said Sarah.

Sarah shoved the orange dummy in Vicky’s mouth. Vicky wondered what Film they were about to watch. Then after a second of it starting realised.

It was the video of Sarah and Johnny in her bed. She watched Johnny kiss Sarah and pour trifle over her. She watched as the caramel was poured over. Then it was the worst part watching Johnny ride Sarah till Sarah came not once but several times.

The other two girls giggled in delight.

“Wow way to go Sarah. What a cowboy and stud Johnny is.” Said Louise.

“Hands off he’s all mine.” Said Sarah.

Sarah had now finished her dinner, and the film had finished. Sarah took out Vicky’s dummy and started shoving chips in her mouth. Vicky still couldn’t do it herself because her arms were still cable tied. Vicky chewed and ate as quick as Sarah was feeding her pretty quickly.

Just then the doorbell rang. Louise got up to answer it.

“Oh hello, how are you both? Do come in.” Said Louise loudly so Vicky could hear her from the other room.

Then Vicky heard three sets of footsteps walking before Louise re-entered the room followed by Verity and Hannah.

“Hello.” Said Hannah.

“Hello.” Said Verity.

“Oh Sarah, Verity has something else, she wanted to show Vicky before bed.” Said Louise smiling.

“What?” Asked Sarah.

“Oh you’ll see, it’s a surprise but everyone will enjoy it. Especially Vicky.” Said Verity.

Verity walked over to the tv, fiddled with it for a bit and then sat down. The screen was blank then all of a sudden it went bright Blue and white. Facebook was on the screen. Verity was streaming Vicky’s Facebook page straight onto the screen.

Sarah continued to feed Vicky her chips and nuggets. Soon the chips and nuggets were gone.

“Hey I’ll warm this up, and then Wittle Wicky can have a nice drink of warm milk before bed.” Said Hannah.

She took the remaining item from the food bags and went to the kitchen. Within two minutes she returned. She passed the bottle to Sarah.

“Open wide little one.” Said Sarah patronising before putting it in Vicky’s mouth.

Everyone burst into laughter.

“If it wasn’t for that bush she’d look just like a toddler.” Said Hannah.

“We’ll have to give wittle Wicky a hair cut tomorrow. Won’t we wittle one.” Said Kat.

Everyone laughed. They all now turned their attention to Vicky’s Facebook page.

“This is the film that shows Wicky being spanked.” Said Verity.

She pointed at the screen. Then continued to talk.

“These are the pictures I took earlier.” Said Verity.

She pointed at another part of the page.

“Oh I added her full frontal in the shopping trolley 🛒 as her profile picture. Now if you look here, she has already accumulated 5000 likes on her profile picture. If you look here, you see it’s been shared 2,500 times. If you look here at her video, it’s been liked 6000 times and almost 3000 shares. And finally if you look here there’s a whole section on just comments for both. Who is Adam Mosiman?” Asked Verity.

Sarah took the bottle out of Vicky’s mouth so she could answer the question.

“He’s my boss.” Cried Vicky.

“Oh that explains it.” Said Verity.

“Explains what?” Asked Vicky.

Sarah shoved the bottle back into Vicky’s mouth so she could make no more noise. Vicky nearly choked on it.

“That explains why he said you’re fired. Oh and in this second post. I didn’t see that earlier, he also said he shared your picture and film with all your colleagues, and any potential future employees.

He said he wanted to make sure, that such an unprofessional girl never got employed at a reputable rep firm. He posted a third time. Wow, he said that anyone thinking a shop bought trifle would win a baking contest is clearly crazy and should be in a mental institute.” Said Verity reading aloud.

“Wow Vicky he loves you.” Said Hannah with a straight face.

The others all burst into laughter. Vicky started crying as she sucked on the bottle.

FLASH.

Verity took a picture of the naked girl crying with a bottle in her mouth. That’s another for Facebook.

Within an instant Vicky saw her face as she was now pop up on the screen immediately getting several likes.

“Wow you are popular, who’s Mindy, Tina, Zoe, Dave, and Edward?” Asked Verity.

Vicky’s bottle was now finished. Sarah pulled it out of Vicky’s mouth.

“They’re my work colleagues.” Cried Vicky.

“Aww I think the little baby has had enough for one night. I’m going to put her to bed.” Said Sarah.

Sarah shoved the orange dummy back in Vicky’s mouth and carried her upstairs to the spare bedroom.

“You’ll be sleeping in here tonight, I’ve already set up your special bed before we went out. Louise helped.” Said Sarah.

She carried Vicky into the spare bedroom. Had Vicky not had a dummy in her mouth she would have gasped in horror.


The mortifying shopping trip part 6A

In the spare room a cot had been set up. Sarah put Vicky down in the cot and covered her naked body with a thin weaved blanket. You could clearly see Vicky’s naked body underneath.

“Hey everyone come look.” Shouted Sarah.

Vicky could only move her legs as her arms were still tied behind her back. Vicky couldn’t speak either because of the dummy in her mouth.

“Aww she looks so cute.” Said Verity entering the room.

Verity took her phone out and took yet another picture. The others merely laughed at her.

“I would take your cable ties off but we want you to still be here in the morning. Nighty night wittle Wicky.” Said Sarah.

Everyone left the room and Sarah turned off the light and shut the door.

Vicky lay there in the pitch black humiliated beyond belief and sacked from work. Not only that her boyfriend had dumped her and everyone she knew had seen naked pictures of her.

Vicky then relived her sister and Johnny making love to each other. Both were taunting her. Laughing at her as they made passionate love on her bed.

“Mmmm” screamed Vicky.

“Mmmm, mmmmm.” Screamed Vicky.

She woke with a start. Her vagina was stinging. Something was biting her, or thats what it seemed like.

“Mmmm” screamed Vicky again.

Blasted dummy thought Vicky without it she could scream and wake someone to help her. Her hands were numb from being tied behind her all night.

She rolled over trying to stop the biting.

“Mmmm” screamed Vicky.

Then she heard giggles. Vicky looked around. Her blanket had been completely removed. She was still lying in the cot. Above her head she could see Kat and Verity.

Kat had a pair of tweezers in her hand, and both girls were giggling.

“Good morning princess, did you sleep well?” Asked Verity.

Kat giggled.

“Oh good news your Facebook has been blocked. No one on Facebook can see your photos or film no more. But even more good news I put your film on YouTube instead, and you’ve become an overnight star.” Said Verity.

“I’ve also decided to give you a professional hair cut this morning at my hairdresser. I’ve cleared it with my boss and she has agreed that every girl should have salon great hair.” Said Kat.

“Unfortunately everyone else had to go out, so it’s just the three of us today. But we did agree to get lots and lots and lots of photos.” Said Verity cheerfully.

“Oh just one more please.” Begged Kat.

“Oh go on then.” Said Verity.

Kat slowly lowered her hand with the tweezers into the crib. Vicky watched wondering what on earth Kat was doing.

Then the tweezers caught on one of her vagina pubes. With a quick yank, Kat pulled out several hairs. Vicky jumped in pain. Both verity and Kat giggled.

“Aww did that hurt?” Asked Verity.

“Right I’m going to cut your cable ties and let you dress yourself. Your clothes are in your wardrobe still. Bare in mind you may be undressed at any time, so don’t wear a thong princess.” Said Kat giggling.

She bent over and cut the cable ties. Vicky ripped the dummy out of her mouth. Vicky then jumped up, and heaved herself out of the cot, before running to the bathroom.

Kat and Verity waited patiently downstairs. After an hour Vicky dressed again joined them in the living room.

“You promise to behave and you’ll stay dressed. If you misbehave well wittle Wicky will return understand.” Said Verity.

“Yes.” Said Vicky, glad to be back in her own clothes.

The three girls headed out the door and got into the car. Verity drove them back to the shopping centre of the night before. Today it was 9am and the shops were heaving with customers.

“Now we’ve got an appointment at the hairdresser for you at 9:30am, so let’s go already.” Said Kat.

The three girls walked into the hairdressers.

“Morning Kat, is one of those your special?” Asked the lead hairdresser.

“Yes Sally, it’s the one with red hair.” Said Kat.

“Well, I’ve set up the window for you. You can start whenever you are ready.” Said Sally.

“Right this way Vicky.” Said Kat.

Kat lead Vicky to a hairdresser chair that was facing the window.

“Right Vicky before you sit down unbutton your jeans and take them off.” Said Kat.

“But you said I wouldn’t have to undress if I was good.” Said Vicky.

“Oh dear, my sweet Victoria, how do you expect me to give you a haircut like Sarah asked me to do, with your jeans and panties in the way. Strip now or I’ll do this with you completely naked.

I’m sure the shoppers would love to see you in the buff. I mean your chest is to absolutely die for.” Said Kat sweetly.

“Yeah absolutely die of embarrassment for.” Said Verity laughing.

“Fine!!” Snapped Vicky.

Vicky unbuttoned her jeans, and took her trainers off.

“Please do I have to reveal my panties to the shoppers?” Asked Vicky.

“Well no, you can take them off with your jeans. You have till I count to five or there will be trouble ahead for you.” Said Verity.


The mortifying shopping trip part 6B

“Please, I’m begging you, I can’t.” Said Vicky.

“Ok Vicky we do have a back up plan.” Said Kat.

“You do? What is it?” Asked Vicky.

“I’m the back up plan, or rather behind you.” Said Verity.

Verity quickly grabbed the jeans and pulled them down to Vicky’s ankles.

“Wow no wonder she didn’t want the shoppers seeing. I wouldn’t want to be seen dead, in “Hello Kitty” panties at twenty nine.” Said Kat.

“Aww she’s so cute, shame really.” Said Verity.

“What’s a shame?” Said Vicky red faced.

Vicky could see the shoppers outside staring and starting to laugh at her.

“This is.” Said Verity.

Who pulled Vicky’s panties down with the entire crowd watching and laughing. Vicky’s hairy bush back on display but this time in front of a huge crowd.

“Right sit in the barbers chair, and we’ll get started.” Said Kat.

Vicky couldn’t move or cover herself. Stood there bottomless in front of a massive crowd was beyond mortifying.

“Verity would you mind, we’ve got a lot of work to do, I just wish her black bush matched her head, I’ll have to wash that red muck out of her hair at the same time.” Said Kat.

Verity pushed Vicky into the barbers chair, then ripped Vicky’s socks, panties and jeans clean off before tossing them aside.

Vicky just stared into the faces of the crowd all staring and laughing at her. Kat meanwhile got herself ready.

“What happens if her red doesn’t come out?” Asked Verity.

“Well in extreme cases, it either comes out by washing or we use drastic measures.” Said Kat.

“Drastic measures?” Asked Verity.

“Yes we cut it out, unfortunately for wittle Wicky that means bald head to match bald pussy. But I’m pretty confident we can wash it out.” Said Kat.

Vicky jerked her head. Did Kat just say bald head? Surely her sisters wouldn’t go so far as to make her completely bald from head to toe. Vicky stared back at the crowd watching on. She was thankful of the pain of glass between her and them because she couldn’t hear their comments.

Vicky closed her legs tight together hoping everyone wasn’t getting a full view. She then turned slightly trying to shield her pussy as much as possible.

“Are you going to shave my head bald?” Asked Vicky not wanting to know the answer.

“Only if it’s required.” Said Kat.

Kat was now finished preparing. Kat moved back over to Vicky. She put a bowl of hot soapy water on the floor.

“I’m so sorry Vicky to do this here but my boss insists. Though on the bright side any money we bring in to her store we’ll get tipped 10 percent of the profits.” Said Kat.

Vicky looked at her. Kat did look genuinely sorry.

“Now I need you to spread your legs as wide as you can get them. Which means facing your audience.” Said Kat.

“No fucking way, my entire pussy will be displayed for all of them.” Said Vicky.

“Do you know why we’re using this old barber chair? And not a new one?” Asked Kat.

“No idea.” Said Vicky trying to think.

“Right Verity take her right leg.” Said Kat.

Verity grabbed Vicky’s right leg by the knee and pulled it towards the leg of the chair.

“No wait please don’t do this to me.” Begged Vicky.

It was too late her leg had been cable tied in place. Whilst Vicky was struggling with Verity she didn’t notice Kat do the same with her left leg. Vicky was now spread wide for her audience.

Vicky covered what was left of her modesty with her hands.

“Oh dear. She never learns does she?” Said Kat.

“Obviously not, and you know what Sarah said.” Said Verity.

“I’m so very sorry Vicky but rules are rules and we have to obey.” Said Kat.

“What are you going to do?” Asked Vicky.

Kat walked behind her, as Verity started to undo the buttons on Vicky’s blouse.

“Noooo I’m already spread wide, not my top too.” Said Vicky.

“I’m sorry it rules is rules.” Said Kat from behind her.

Vicky covered her hairy pussy with one hand as she tried to fight verity with the other. Verity was definitely winning and within a minute all the buttons on the blouse were undone.

“Now take it off.” Said Verity to Vicky.

“No I won’t.” Shouted Vicky.

“Then I’m sorry.” Said Verity.

Verity grabbed Vicky’s left arm and cable tied it to the left side arm rest. With only one free arm left she had to choose between the modesty that was between her legs or her small breasts.

Vicky kept her vagina covered as Verity grabbed Vicky’s spare arm. She cable tied it to the right arm rest. Vicky couldn’t cover anything. Her blouse although unbuttoned hadn’t been removed so it still covered her padded bra.

“Right pass the scissors Kat.” Said Verity.

“No please, my arms are out of the way. All these people can see my naked hairy pussy. Isn’t that enough?” Said Vicky.

“Unfortunately wittle Wicky, Sarah’s in charge not us. Here you are Verity.” Said Kat.

“Noooo.” Screamed Vicky completely helpless as Verity cut her blouse into shreds fully exposing her heavily padded bra.

“Say bye bye bra.” Said Verity laughing.

Snip snip snip, in three cuts the padded bra fell off taking the chicken fillets with it. Verity picked the empty bra up along with the fillets. She showed them off to the crowd.

Vicky sat there naked. Unable to cover herself. Seeing Verity parade her padding and bra to the audience who were in hysterics. Some were even pointing and laughing at the size of her small non-existent breasts.

Flash flash flash flash flash flash, the camera phones cameras were going wild. All of the cameras were getting unobstructed views of Vicky’s naked body tied to the chair.

Vicky burst into tears, crying uncontrollably in front of everyone.

“Verity, you’ve had your fun. Can I shave her bare now?” Asked Kat. A little sympathy in her voice.

“Sure.” Said Verity.


The mortifying shopping trip part 6C

“No please girls I’ll do anything, absolutely anything, I’m already naked and spread for their cameras. To shave me in front of them would be beyond humiliating please have mercy on me.” Begged Vicky.

“What do you think Verity?” Asked Kat.

“We are getting commissioned by your boss.” Said Verity.

“Oh yeah, Right. Sorry Vicky.” Said Kat.

Kat came into the front of the chair and kneeled down, about to put her hands in the bowl.

“Wait!!, Kat, No I’ve a better idea.” Said Verity.

“Thank you.” Vicky said in relief.

“What Verity?” Asked Kat.

“Come with me a sec. just leave Vicky where she is.” Said Verity.

“Ok.” Said Kat curious.

Verity led Kat outside to the crowd.

“HEY EVERYONE LISTEN UP.” Shouted Verity smiling a wicked smile.

“What are you doing?” Asked Kat in an undertone only Verity could hear.

“You’ll see.” Whispered Verity back.

Verity looked at Vicky then back at the crowd.

“TODAY THAT LITTLE GIRL IS GETTING A SPECIAL HAIRCUT IN HER BIRTHDAY SUIT!!!” Verity shouted to the crowd.

Verity was also pointing at Vicky whilst she spoke.

“NOW THE BARBER SHOP HAVE KINDLY AGREED TO HELP US. THEY ARE GIVING TWENTY PERCENT OFF EACH PERSON HERE WHO WANTS THEIR HAIRCUT.

ALSO WE, ME AND KAT, NEED A VOLUNTEER. ILL CHOOSE THE FIRST PERSON WHO CAN NAME THAT BABY.” Shouted Verity pointing back at Vicky.

A rush of hands went up.

“YES YOU.” Shouted Verity.

“I’m Eleanor Wood, I worked with her in McDonald’s before she went too Switzerland her name is VICTORIA WILLMOTT AND SHES 29.” Eleanor shouted the last bit.

“Well done.” Said Verity.

Verity pulled Eleanor over to her, Eleanor had a teen boy with her.

“Who is this?” Asked Verity.

“He’s my baby brother Adam. The reason I put my hand up was so Adam here could do it. He’s 19 and about to go off to college. The reason I want this is because when me and her worked in McDonald’s she was a right bitch.

She flirted with all the guy managers so she got out of all the hard work. She was mean to all the girls. To one girl she went in the fridge. She took out the butter, Vicky then flirted with the manager with the skeleton key to the lockers. She covered this poor girls clothes in butter.

The girl was going out on a date and had to meet her date in her McDonald’s attire. He didn’t go on the date he just dumped her.

To me, she convinced my manager that I had stolen some money from the till. She convinced her that I had hidden the money on my person. Well my manager confronted me. Of course I had no idea, and honestly said I had no idea what the manager was going on about. Vicky convinced her otherwise.

So my manager decided that I should be searched, but she didn’t want the police involved. Me the manager and Vicky were the only women on staff that day. But of course you need at least two managers present to conduct a proper search of anybody.

The two managers closed the shop, once all the customers had left I was taken into the back room. It was me the two managers and Vicky.

Vicky had made sure the back room door was left open. The managers made me remove all my clothes, my bra and panties too. They made me stand there hands on head as my two managers took my clothes to search them properly.

All the staff on shift that day saw me completely naked full frontal, Vicky made sure of that. If standing there naked in front of my colleagues wasn’t bad enough, Vicky the darling she is pulls the fire alarm.

The managers evacuated the building, to my horror I wasn’t allowed to dress, instead the guy manager grabs me over his shoulder and carry’s me bare from the building. When we got outside he held me over his shoulder till the fire engines arrived.

The whole neighbourhood wondering what was going on saw my spread bare backside. Then he puts me down in front of the crowd gathered outside, but holds my hands, so I can’t cover a thing, he tells the ambulance crew that I’ve been caught thieving and that my clothes are gone.

The crowd started laughing at me as the ambulance crew check me over in full view using a rectal thermometer, which I’m sure they used for the crowds enjoyment.

Anyway now is payback for that humiliating day, I’m sure my brother would love to help.” Said Eleanor.

“Oh I know that story, you’re the girl on fire. Shame there were no pictures.” Said Verity.

“There were no phones back then to take photos on. Not any decent phones anyway. Mobiles were for ringing people not like now.” Said Eleanor.

“Well Eleanor why don’t you and Adam come with us.” Said Verity.

Verity and Kat walked back in the shop. Eleanor and Adam followed them.

“Eleanor this is Candi. Short for Candice. Anyway she’s going to give you a free haircut, whilst Verity and I teach Adam.” Said Kat.

Candice came over.

“Wow you look gorgeous girl, we could do a little of the top, a bit of a trim , dye it wash it, whatever you want. A friend of Kats is more then welcome.” Said Candice excitedly.

“Ok thanks.” Said Eleanor going with Candice.

“Right Adam we’re going to have some fun come with us.” Said Verity.

Verity, Kat, and Adam walked back up to where Vicky was still tied.

“Look the customers are swarming in. It’s lucky Melanie hired agency staff for today. Every station is packed.” Said Kat.

“Surely you’re busy throughout the year?” Asked Verity.

“I’ve never seen it this full, having Vicky naked in the window must be helping business a lot.” Said Kat.

“Talking of Vicky we better get down to it or Sarah will kill us.” Said Verity.

“Right, Adam, this is Vicky!! Vicky this is Adam, he’s going to be your vaginadresser today. Right Adam first we must wash her dirty hair. So Adam put your hand in that hot soapy water and scrub the babies Vagina.

Oh and it doesn’t matter if your hand slips down the rabbit hole if you know what I mean. It needs cleaning in there too.” Said Kat.

Verity just laughed


6d or 7