The next day was rather boring and uneventful. I woke up early, went to work, and got questioned over and over again by Sookie about my bite marks just disappearing into thin air. (insert sarcasm) Sounds like fun, doesn't it? Yeah, right, I wish!

Around 9:30 Bill came and picked up Sookie, apparently, he was taking her out to dinner for their 5 month anniversary or something. No offense, but who celebrates their five month anniversary? I mean I've heard of celebrating your first month and first year, but 5 months? Really?

Anyways, Sookie had asked me if I could stay and cover her shift so that Sam would let her off early. I didn't really have anything else to do, so I told her I would. Though, I made it perfectly clear to her that she'd owe me big time.

After they left my boring uneventful day took a turn for the interesting. I had been in the back doing a few things when Sam came up to me. He didn't look the least bit pleased and his eyes were darker than usual. Something had made him mad.

"What's wrong, Sam?" I asked, dropping what I was doing.

He frowned and answered, "There's a vampire here to see you."

I raised and eyebrow, "What are you talking about?"

"Table seven."Confused, I walked out to the front of the bar. I wasn't expecting any vampire tonight. I couldn't help, but smirk when I saw Eric sitting at table seven. His arms thrown back over the sides of the booth as if he were making himself comfortable.

"Why is he here?" I asked myself.

Well, there's only one way to find out. I made my way over to the table.

Before I could even say a word he looked up at me and spoke, "We need to talk."

"Is that the only reason why you're here?" I asked, crossing my arms, trying my best to sound somewhat angry. I still hadn't forgotten about him biting me last night.

"To see you," he answered simply.I bit my bottom lip, preventing myself from smiling the smile that was oh so eager to let it's presence be known. Eric came to not only talk to me, but he came to see me, too?

The smile proved to be too much for me too handle at the moment and it showed up on my face. I instantly took it back.

"Selena! Get a hold of yourself!" I scolded in my head. He bit you for god's sake! "That's not good enough," I said.

He raised an eyebrow, "Not good enough?"

"Apologize to me for biting me last night," I demanded in a whisper that I knew he could hear, all the while not wanting anyone in the bar to hear shook his head.

"No. I don't apologize. Even if I did, I have nothing to apologize about."

"Fine, suit yourself," I shrugged, turning and beginning to walk away. "Then we don't talk," I told him over my shoulder.

"Wait!"

I turned back around. "Yes?"

"For the record, you deserved it," he started off. "But…" he paused.

I couldn't help, but laugh to myself. I knew for a fact that I was getting to him. Let me tell you…it feels amazing! "But?" I asked, urging him on.

"But…" he paused again. This was really hard on him, making me laugh to myself even more. "But, I'm sorry I bit you," he forced himself to say. He looked pissed.

I smirked, "Now we can talk!" "Come on, we can talk out side," I said, turning and walking towards the front doors of the bar. "Sam, I'm taking a break!" I called out. Since I was taking over Sookie's shift, I got an extra 30 minutes break time. To make it even better I got to split the time however I wanted to. Or at least I did.

"You've got five minutes," Sam replied from the back.

Once outside, I turned to face Eric. "What do we need to talk about?" I asked, leading him around the side of the building so that we could have more privacy.

"Last night after you left the bar," he began, pausing as if he was trying to choose his words carefully, "Ginger mentioned that she witnessed you possess vampire speed."

I swallowed hard. Oh, great! How am I going to get out of this one? "She was in shock. She probably imagined the whole thing. I mean I did after all hold a gun to her head and threaten to kill her a couple of times," I confessed.

"She wasn't in shock," he said.

I sighed, realizing that he'd probably glamoured her into telling him the whole truth and nothing but the truth. I had no way out of this conversation. But, boy did I wish more than anything that I did.

"I'm not the smartest vampire in the world, but I know enough to know that there's no way that you're human," he told me.

I looked at him my eyes glued to his. Not wanting to tell him the truth at any means, I tried to stall, "Oh my god! I could totally see that making the headlines! "Eric Northman, Vampire Sheriff of Area 5 finally admits for once that he's not the best at everything."

Eric's face turned serious and he ignored my attempt at stalling. "What are you?"

"What am I? Simple, I'm me!"

"Selena…" he growled my name slowly.

Strangely, I felt my knees begin to give out as he growled my name. It sounded so good coming from him. For some weird reason him growling my name was turning me on. What the hell?

I fought hard to keep my balance and after a short period of time, I won the war between my knees and my mind. There was no way that I was going to allow Eric to easily have this effect on me.

"I'm human," I said, lying through my teeth.

I knew that he wasn't buying any of it. He glared at me and hissed, "No human can run as fast as a vampire and magically heal bite wounds."

I didn't respond. I only stood there in silence.

After standing there in dead silence for at least a minute, Eric broke it. "Selena…" he growled again.

I shook my head, "I can't tell you."

"Why not?" he asked backing me up against the side of the building.

I swallowed hard and shook my head again, "There aren't that many of my kind to begin with. I won't tell anyone or anything what I am unless I trust them…" I paused, "And I don't trust you."

"You will one day soon."

I laughed, "Yeah, sure! I'll believe it when it happens. But, only when it happens."

"It'll happen sooner than you think," he said his face only inches from mine.

I ducked and moved out of his grasp instantly. "Umm…I should get back inside."

He turned to me and said, "Of course! We wouldn't want your boss getting mad."

I shook my head, "No, we wouldn't." I turned to walk away.

"Selena!" Eric called.

I spun back around towards him at once.

"Nice outfit," he smirked.

I rolled my eyes.

"Oh, one more thing. I too the liberty of adding my number to your phone," he grinned.

I checked my pockets and sure enough my cell phone was gone. "Eric!" I exclaimed.

"Goodnight, Ms. Dobreva." He handed me my phone.

"You too, Mr. Northman." With that I turned and made my way back inside.

--------

I got off work at 11:00 that night. There was no hurry, so I decided to take a different route home. I don't know why, but I did.

After driving for about 10 minutes my cell phone rang. Reaching for it and opening it, I put it up to my ear, "Hello."

"Selena!" Sookie's voice came on.

"Sookie, hi."

"Where are you?"

"I'm on my way home. Why?" I asked curiously.

"Sam called me about 10 minutes ago after you left work and told me that Eric came by tonight. Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine! Why wouldn't I be?"

"You remember what happened last night!" she exclaimed, getting all worked up over nothing.

"Sookie! Calm down! He just wanted to talk."

"Selena, I don't trust him at all."

"I know you don't! Sookie, I should really concentrate on the road right now," I said just wanting to hang up right now.

"Oh, right! I'm sorry! I guess, I'll let you go. I'll see you when you get home."

"Alright! Love you, cous!"

"Love you, too!"

Hanging up, I put my phone in my shorts pocket. Just as I looked back at the road something ran in front of my car. I swerved to miss whatever it was. Before I knew what was even happening I felt my car flip. It honestly felt as if something, someone, or some force had caused it to flip.

A sting of pain coursed through me as I hit my head on the ceiling of the car as it flipped. It flipped at least three or four times before settling upside down in the middle of the road.

Gathering up all of the strength I could muster I unbuckled my seatbelt, which I was lucky that I had decided to wear tonight, and crawled out of the car. Slowly and painfully, I pulled my cell out of my pocket and flipped it open. I pushed speed dial 7. After Eric had left earlier I added his number to my speed dial list. I had doubted doing so, but now I was happy that I did.

It rang a few times before he finally picked up, "Selena."

The last thing I remember before everything went dark was me whispering his name, "Eric."