Watching Annie
by Fishman

Seventh Installment - I am angry and so I get even… 

The irony of her tryst with the old men for liquor is that this happened in the same motel which I would use to set up the last group sex session I made Annie do in my revenge; in a room exactly identical to the one in which she had met her "lovers". 

But this time she could not say: "You will never regret what you will do in this room." 

My idea to see strangers fuck her was intriguing to me.  And that she was willing--even if with misgivings--to do what I wanted heightened my excitement. 

In part the idea of strangers appealed to me because I thought it gave me back my control.  It made her more subservient to me.  Doing it with my friends had become something that I could not control; and obviously she could and would do it anytime she wished.  My jealousy became a factor.  I told her.  She was surprised and a little annoyed about those feelings, since it had all been my idea in the first place. 

So I think my plan worried her—doing it with strangers—and that she agreed to do it for strangers should have worried me too.  But I was too swept up in the obsession.  In an odd way I wanted her humiliated by them.  I wanted her abjectly submissive to them.  In an odd way I wanted her to be ashamed and sexually coerced.  I think my jealousy actually made me angry with her and this was a punishment.  I am sorry to admit it.  I did not really want her hurt. 

For her part, as I know now, she agreed because she was ashamed of her secret fucking.  She thought she owed me this.  She thought she should do something for me, since she was "cheating" on me.  And too, it was like things we had done before.  Fantasy play-acting had been part of our sex games. We had play-acted rape and bondage games.  She had always enjoyed it a little rough.  This sex game was just one or two steps up the rung of the same ladder.  So maybe—or so I told myself—this idea was not too extreme, and besides I thought I had it all well planned out.  The men I had picked up were strangers to me too, and they were "traveling" men—out-of-towners, I believed—so they would not likely encounter her in her day-to-day or mine either, and so would not likely cause either of us any embarrassment ever.  The whole thing should remain anonymous. 

As I said, the irony was that it would take place at the same motel where Annie met with George and his friend.  It was at that bar and super club where Annie had met George the first time that I met the men I picked up for my sex game.  I had chosen it intentionally. I knew the motel catered to "traveling" businessmen and I presumed such men were susceptible to my kind of overture.  The motel was notorious for "hook-ups."  The motel clerk would treat anything that happened as none of his business. 

The three that I met were older than the two of us.  They were sitting at the bar and talking about business and then talking about sex and some woman they were interested in.  I gathered it was someone's wife that they each knew, and this seemed too good to be true.  I interrupted them saying I had an odd request and I didn't want them to be offended.  I didn't want to think I was some kind of pimp, but I had a proposition for them.  I said I had loaned some money to this wife of a friend of mine and she would not pay me back.  I was in a spot because I did not want to tell him about it.  I had got her to give me a blowjob, but this was a lot of money. I could not settle for that, even if she did me every week for a year.  So anyway here was the deal: if they would cover her debt, they could have her for a night and do whatever they wanted with her.  They did not believe me, I think. 

They asked how much.  This was the tricky part.  It could not be too much or too little.  I was not sure what to say and finally I said: "Well, I'll tell you.  Anything I can get would be more than I can ever get.  You take a look at her and you decide what to pay." 

That was too generous. I knew it.  I could see the looks at their faces.  So I added: "But at least $100.  Is that fair?" 

"Does she know?" one of them finally asked.  This one—his real name I did not know; his nickname was "Buzz"—he would be the one to take charge.  He had dominated the conversation I had overheard; it was he who claimed to put the make on his friend's wife.  Not the sort of person I would ever like. I am kind of a nerd.  He was bigger than me.  Looked like a former high school jock, who got a degree in business, and some sales job after college.  Nice hair.  Class ring.  Nice teeth.  You know the type. 

I said: "She has no choice.  I told her I would do it if she did not come up with the money.  Yesterday was my deadline.  She offered to blow me, and I told her it was time to pay up.  Can you do her tomorrow night?" 

He said: "No..."  He told me to take a walk and let him talk to his buddies.  I nodded and went to use the men's room.  When I got back everyone but him was gone.  I figured I had failed but he motioned the bartender and bought me a drink.  After we were served, stirring his highball with his finger, he said: "You going to be there?" 

I said: "I promised her I would.  She is scared." 

He nodded.  "Okay..." He downed his drink.  "We'll do it Saturday... but here is the deal.  We want to see her first. I mean, see her with her clothes off. Look her over. She how she acts. If she's gonna do what we want.   Then we will pay you what she's worth." 

I shook my head.  "You can see her. Okay.  But I want some guarantee about this.   If you fuck her, it's $20 a fuck. If she sucks you off, it's $10 each. Is that agreed?" 

He laughed: "You going to count?" 

"Damn right," I said, and downed my drink. He looked at me and added: "You are cold, man." 

I said: "Money is money." 

We shook hands. 

I told Annie that night.  I did not tell her everything.  I told her how we were pretending that she owed me money and that she should pretend that she was blackmailed and had reluctantly agreed to strip for some men at the motel and let them take pictures of her and so on, that she'd probably find they also wanted to have sex with her.  She looked worried.  I saw that and asked her what was wrong?  She said: "When is it?"  I told her Saturday night.  She said she had to work that night.  I said: "We'll pick you up from work. That's better anyway."  She said: "What are they like?"  I shrugged: "Just guys..."  "How old are they?" She wondered.  I told her they were maybe like ten or fifteen years older, maybe older, early forties maybe.  She bit her lip, thinking: "I don't know."  She worried out loud—but this was not what she was really worried about: "What if they know who I am?" 

I said there was no chance of that.  What she really worried about was the fact of it being that particular motel: what if George and his friend saw her there? 

We fucked in anticipation of the whole thing.  She never asked me how many men there would be.  I wished I had asked for more of them, sick bastard that I was. 

I called the phone number that he had given me from a pay phone out of sheer paranoia.  I got his secretary and did not know what to say.  I left a message, saying that the meeting for Saturday would be late.  I would meet him as we planned but we could not start the meeting until our client arrived, or something like that; it was confused.  The point I made was that I would see him at the bar on time, but we couldn't get going until after she was out of work. 

It was an unbearable wait.  Several times my friends came over that week.  They wished I'd go to bed and leave her to them, but I did not oblige.  Annie actually went to bed first and they were obviously disappointed.   How they thought this was going to be a regular thing, I can't guess. 

After the whole thing went bad and Annie didn't want to do it anymore, Gary put Annie on a spot and she wanted me to put a stop to it, so I confronted Gary.  I had to tell him: I knew they had had an affair and he had to knock it off.  He really looked sick at heart. I don't think it was because I'd "found out," so much as because I was making her "stop seeing him."  He was good about it; he let it go.  He never did put another move on her, as far as I know.  Telling Gary to "stop it" got the word out to all the others.  We all stayed friends for a lot of years afterwards, although Steve stopped coming over.  Of course, I haven't seen any of them for years now. 

But at any rate in that week leading up to the Saturday I had no interest in a sideshow and neither did Annie.  We were both pretty nervous about it.  This was a fantasy game like we had never done before; this time others were involved, and they thought it was real. 

I guided her on how to dress before she went to work.  I wanted her to appear to be the reluctant housewife I'd portrayed and so she should not dress in a sexy way, but in a plain way.  She should not wear make-up.  She should not flirt with them, I told her.  She looked at me like I'd slapped her.  I had to apologize.  She said: "This is not something I asked to do...." She would not speak to me when I drove her to work.  She had the dinner shift that night.  Tips would be good, and she was not sure she could leave on time, if it was busy.  I told her we would be waiting outside for her. 

I went to the bar and they were already there.  Buzz and his two "friends" and two others he had invited whom I did not know about.  I nodded to them as I was introduced.  They were all older than me, not as old as my Dad, but that generation in between.   They had done things like this before was my guess.  They had expectations.  They asked me questions about Annie and so I told them basically about us, as if her husband was someone just like me, while of course I was his friend.  They had a hard time understanding how I could do this to my friend.  Wasn't this worse—stripping his wife naked for men, renting her out to fuck and suck them off—wasn't that worse than just hitting him up for the money she owed?  I tried to tell them they just didn't understand, but to tell the truth this part of my story did not make much sense.  I made it seem that I was angry with her, that I had a grudge, and that I didn't mind if they degraded her.  It was just part of the play-acting, meant to make my story seem true, but it was a mistake. 

When we drove over about ten to pick her up—we used his car and she did not recognize it, standing at the corner looking out for me—they stayed in the car and wanted to look her over before they got her.  They approved of her right-away.  They liked that she was young.  They liked that she was pretty.  They liked her legs.   They said they wished she had bigger tits.  They wanted to know if she sucked cock.  I told: "If you want her to..."  They wondered if she'd ever been fucked in the ass.  I said I did not know.  In fact she never had.  I felt a pang at the thought of it.  I liked the idea, but I worried about her feelings.  I did not want her to be really hurt. 

Buzz told me to get out and go get her.  She turned and saw me when I got out.  She looked surprised.  It was the look that I had hoped she would give.  If she had smiled, it would have been wrong.  She did not smile.  She looked anxious.  I think she was.  I told her that there were five of them.  She nodded.  She looked in the car and hesitated before Buzz said: "Get in, honey." 

She sat with me and two others in the back seat.  Two had stayed back at the motel room.  Buzz drove with his friend beside him.  He looked at her in the rear-view mirror. "What do we call her?"  I gave her real name before I could think about it.  First mistake.  Or second, or third perhaps. 

Buzz said: "Hello, Annie.... You can call me Buzz...." And he introduced the others.  Then he said: "I hope you're not too tired...."  The men laughed. 

She said in a voice that was not timid: "I'm okay."  Buzz nodded with a smirk.  He winked at her in the rearview mirror.  She did not smile but she looked at him without anxiety. 

Annie did not look at me the whole time.  It was like she was angry at me, which was good play-acting, but I was afraid she really was.  It was awkwardly silent for a mile or so.  No one made small talk with her.  They ignored her and then started talking about plans they had for the rest of the weekend. They all had wives and yard work and kids to deal with. My wife was just a night out. 

The one next to Buzz said he had to leave by midnight.  Buzz said: "Well, then you can go first...."  Then Buzz said: "You talk to Brian?" 

"Yeah," his friend said. 

"And?" Buzz asked. 

"He'll be here after..." he replied.  Buzz nodded. 

Pulling into the motel parking lot, he drove around behind it.  I could see Annie relieved by this.  No one would see her that way, she hoped. 

It was a warm night.  The two left behind had opened the curtain and the side windows and had flung the door wide and stood outside of it drinking beers from bottles.  The car's headlight reflected on the picture window.  They grinned when Annie got out after me.  They approved too. 

Buzz turned off the car, the headlights.  He was the last in. No one spoke, waiting for him.  Annie looked around the familiar room: the two beds; the mirror-topped low dresser; the small round table with two chairs in front of the window under a hanging light.  The hanging light was lit.  In fact all the lights in the room were on: the lamp on the dresser next to the phone; the pair of overhead reading lights above on the nightstand, pointing onto beds; the recessed light in alcove next to the hallway door and the bathroom and the clothes rack; even the bathroom light shining from its open door. 

The men came into the room.  Sitting in the chairs. On the bed. Standing.  Buzz invited Annie to come stand in front of the beds. I stayed in the doorway.  I was going to close the door, but Buzz said: "Don't do that... it's too hot." 

There were beer bottles sweating on top of a case of beer on the floor next to the dresser.  There was a bottle of cheap vodka on the dresser, not yet opened. A quart of Seven-up next to it.   Buzz asked Annie if she wanted a drink. She said nothing.  He made her a vodka and Seven-up anyway and handed it to her. 

He smiled and asked her how old she was.  She told the truth.  He asked her how long she'd been married. She told the truth.  He asked her if she'd ever been with another man than her husband.  She lied. 

I still stood in the doorway. 

Buzz brought me a beer that I did not ask for and then drew his wallet out of his back pocket and said: "You said... $100?" 

"No.. I said that..." but I could not put in words what I had said.  As it was, Annie gave me an angry look. 

Then Buzz said: "No wait..." grinning, putting his bill back in his wallet, "We got to look first... then we decide what to pay...." 

He turned and while Annie glared at me, he made himself a drink.  Then, looking at her, who turned now to him, unspeaking, expectant, Buzz said: "Drink it, honey." 

She sipped.  He said: "Drink it up."  She gulped.  He insisted: "Drink it all."  She did. 

"That's a good girl..." He took the plastic cup from her.  "You want another?" She shook her head. 

He nodded.  "Okay...." He looked around the room.  "You guys... you guys..." He gestured some to move and then he pointed to where I stood and said to her: "Go stand over there next to him.  She was positioned then in front of me, next to the end of the dresser—I stood behind her, almost in the open door; the five men all sitting on the bed or chairs or standing looking at her from the front.  I moved a little more into the room, I could see Annie's reflection in the mirror, the side of her face.  She looked at Buzz.  I wanted to close the front door, but again Buzz shook his head at me. 

Buzz picked up the plastic wastebasket and put it on the end of the dresser within Annie's reach and then looked her over slowly, grinning, and leaned against the dresser, folded his arms, and said: "Strip." 

I could not see Annie's expression fully, although I could see her from the side in her reflection of the mirror.  Being behind her, my main line of the sight was the men watching her. She looked at her own hands as she began to unbutton her dress in front. She did not look up at their faces.  I did. I was fixed on their watchful expressions, their anticipation. And they were not looking at her face either.  Their eyes followed her hands and her fingers. Unbuttoning, removing the dress from her shoulders, letting it fall, stepping out of it, holding it.  Their eyes on what she revealed. 

Buzz took the dress from her hands and gave it to a man on the bed who simply tossed it high over his back to a far corner of the room.  They laughed at this. 

Annie wore pantyhose to work, a white bra and white underpants.  She took off her low-heeled shoes and stepped away from them.  She did not wait for instructions.  She did not hesitate.  She did not hurry.  She did not tease.  She undressed self-consciously and a little slowly, but she was not showing reluctance.  They should suppose that she was resigned to the circumstance, even if humiliated by it. 

Buzz had her put the wad of her pantyhose into the wastebasket.  She removed her underpants next.  One smooth motion.  To her feet.  Stepped out of them.  All eyes on her hairy pussy.  She held them briefly, then put them in the wastebasket, as he directed.  Now she paused briefly, looked up finally into the faces of the men who studied her thighs, belly, pussy.  I saw her hands come to her back awkwardly, to pinch her bra and saw it pop open, and unhesitant she slipped the straps from the shoulders, drawing the bra away to show her tits to them, and Buzz reached out for it and took it from her.  He held it, eyeing her cute tits, her puckering nipples.  All of them eyeing her tits and all the rest of her, now completely naked for them. 

Buzz nodded and said to her: "Turn around."  Now she looked at me when she turned and she looked anxious and ashamed and it gave me a pang of sexual satisfaction, I cannot help it.  I wanted this.  I wanted her to feel this.  I don't know why. 

Buzz took one hand and then her other hand and held them together and she understood and did not speak; she looked at the floor and held her hands as he had put them while Buzz tied them at the wrist with her bra.  He turned her by the shoulders to face the men and moved her to stand in front of the dresser, turning them to face them. Then he returned to me, taking out his wallet.  He took out the bill he had offered to me before.  A hundred-dollar bill.  He also gave me an additional twenty. "Okay?" he said.  I nodded. 

While I was being paid, one of the men sidled across the edge of the bed to be closer, to be the front of her, and reached out to finger her cunt, slipping his crooked middle finger up into her, alternately looking where he felt and looking up to see the expression on her face. Meanwhile two others gathered to stand beside her, and one felt one breast, toying with her nipple, and the other felt the nipple of her other breast, also examining their effort and her face for reaction. She turned her head away from me.  I could not see her expression.  They liked it, however, and made comments while they fondled her sexually.   The man with his finger up her cunt asked her if she liked to suck cock.  Annie did not reply.  He insisted.  She spoke so softly I could not hear, but the man said, grinning: "Too bad...." 

They laughed. 

Buzz stood with me and watched.  We all watched.  For that matter anyone outside could have watched. 

The men traded places.  Each taking a turn with her cunt, her tits.  Sometimes two at her cunt.  Sometimes one or two behind her feeling her buttock, slipping fingers between the cheeks.   The same man who taunted her, the one who had to leave early, as I recall, then asked her, as he put a finger into her anus: "Ever been butt-fucked, honey?"  She shook her head.  "Too bad," he said again. And again they laughed. 

Buzz approached and the men parted for him and seeing this she turned her face toward him. She was flushed, her mouth parted, licked her lips.  She looked, as she was, deeply sexually aroused by this.  They saw it too.  This gave me such a twinge I instinctively felt my own hardened prick and squeezed it.  The other men as I saw also had erections. Some were now removing their pants.  Buzz sat on the end of bed in front of her, obliging another man to move, and lifted his beer bottle to drain it and drink the last of it and then held his arm out, the empty bottle upright and said: "Straddle this, Annie...." 

She waddled forward, her arms tied behind her; she was unsteady.  She spread her legs to stand over it, and he lifted it, pressing the nub of it up into her vagina and said: "Fuck the bottle, Annie." 

Her eyes jittered, expressing disbelief.  "Fuck it, Annie," Buzz repeated. 

He said smoothly, "I'll help, " and he started to slowly pump the neck of the beer bottle into her cunt, raising it gradually so that the whole neck of it was up inside her cunt, twisting the body of it against her clit, and wiggling it so it moved inside of her, and she made a modest tight-lipped whimper.  She continued now meeting and responding to his efforts, until he just held the bottle firmly while she tremulously began to buck against it, buckling her knees to press it deeply, and closed her eyes.  Buzz said: "Good girl." 

She continued now, willingly, wantonly, as he had instructed her. Flushed.  Ashamed? Or aroused? Certainly that.  He held the bottle stiffly and let her do all the fucking. 

"You like that?" he asked her.  Annie said nothing.  Her breathing was quickened and loud.  She breathed to her own fucking strokes. 

Annie often cums quickly when we start to have sex.  She almost always has two or three cums to my one.  So I was not surprised, but they were very gratified to see how she suddenly stiffened, her thighs taut, and made an urgent moan and shuddered with her eyes tightly closed, her face contorting in her pleasure. 

She opened her eyes as she gasped when her "little" orgasm subsided and glanced sheepishly at the very pleased men and catching her breath she stepped away to dislodge herself from the bottle which Buzz still held, grinning at her, winking at me. 

She said weakly: "I need to sit down." 

She did look faint.   Someone courteously brought her a chair and someone else held a glass of Seven-up for her to sip.  She thanked him.  Her knees were trembling.  She could not look them in the eyes. 

"Good for you," said Buzz.  He looked at me and said: "She's a good one.... We got her cheap."  She looked at me hurtfully, but I thought to myself, just about ready to cum in my pants, she wants to do this. 


Eighth Installment - She gets more than I bargained for… 

While Annie recovered, some attending to her, helping her to sip a drink and feeling her tits at the same time, Buzz began to orchestrate the events.  The men were all undressing.  They were remarkeably comfortable, I thought, with exposing their erections to other men. 

By contrast my friends had felt awkwardly about showing off their erections.  They had mostly kept on their undershorts, if they were not doing it to her or getting sucked off.

These guys seemed used to this, and it seemed to me they had done things like this before, gangbangs with some pickup.  Most of these guys got completely nude except for their stocking feet and walked about unselfconsciously, getting beers, talking, looking at my naked wife and commenting.  All except for the one who was going to leave early. He kept his shirt on.

So anyway in spite of some embarrassment I looked at their dicks with some curiosity, imagining them doing it to her, and I saw that she was also taking glances at their dicks as well; I am guessing also thinking the same thing I was, but from her own point of view.  I really wondered about that.  How did she think of them?  Some of them—actually most of them—were not really very stiff, like the "boys" had been, whose dicks hard as wood stuck out and up and almost never got limp.  But contrast these men kept feeling themselves to keep themselves ready (or because it felt good; I kept touching myself too). 

But Buzz had a long prick and his, by contrast to the others, his was stiff as the boys had been; it stood up like theirs had, like a stick of wood.  He was obviously proud of it. And Annie's expression, looking at it, showed fascination and anticipation.  I admit he made me uncomfortable how he swaggered and how she looked at it.

They settled back to places where they sat.  Buzz stood before her, holding a fresh beer, admiring my naked wife; his proud randy dick, at the level of her eyes presented itself to her and she could not resist looking at it and he grinned. 

He looked over his shoulder and said to one of his friends: "Toss me that pillow..."

Buzz dropped the pillow to the carpet in front of the end of the bed and taking another swig from the beer, put down his bottle; then helped Annie to get to her feet and she seemed confused but said nothing and then she understood as he pressed her to kneel on the pillow in front of the end of the bed.

"You go first..." Buzz gestured toward the man who said had to leave early.  He eagerly slipped in front of her and holding his dick in one hand put his other hand on the back of her neck and guided her forcibly to lean and rudely popped the head of his dick into her reluctant mouth.  She did not immediately close her eyes.  Her eyes darted, and anxiously caught my own.

But as he began to pump his prick in her mouth and encouraged her to "suck," she relaxed—or she surrendered—and she closed her eyes, and when he let go of her head, she lightly bobbed her head on his prick just as he had wanted.  She made slurpy sounds.  He looked at Buzz and said: "She's good."

Picture taken of my wife on her knees, in the mirror image, sucking off the third guy in a row.  Watching Annie suck this guy's dick, helpless to resist, but not wanting to resist, hot and randy, and willing to let him to cum in her mouth, knowing he would...  I never loved her more than this. And she loved it too.  I mean, look at her pointy nipples. When he came in her mouth, she swallowed it all so eagerly and noisily; I could not help myself; I came in my pants seeing it.

I have always wondered why women close their eyes when they suck dick.  It's like they are nursing at a tit.  And in my own imagination I am thinking how she wants to suck cum from this dick like a baby wants to suck milk and I can see how eagerly she sucks, I can see how she wants him to cum in her mouth.  God, I know this is not right.  But it was what I thought looking at Annie now and her face was flushed and expression intense. 

But what was new this time seeing her suck this cock and others—for she would suck off all of them now, kneeling like this; they would not let her up until she had done them all—what has so sexually exciting and poignant to me was the noises she made, the slurping and swallowing, especially when they ejaculated into her mouth.  I could see her swallow, but I could also hear her swallow and she made sounds of surprise and pleasure, not just like she liked the taste of it—which she seemed to do—but sounds of her own repeated sexual pleasures.

Add to this the fact that her hands were tied behind her back with her own bra.  I admit this sight was the first involuntary cum I had in my pants and only one among several that long night.

So as I said they took turns.  No sooner had one spent himself in her mouth and was satisfied she had dutifully swallowed than the next one sat in front of her, while one or more of the others guided her, held her head, pressed her to put her mouth on the dick ready for her.  They bobbed her head on the dick, but even though they "forced" her to suck them off, they were gentle in the use of her.  One kissed her forehead after he came in her mouth. 

And they called her "little girl" and "wifey."  That last one really got me: "wifey."   The fact that she was some guy's helpless pathetic wife—my own wife in fact—especially pleased them.  They talked about that.  They asked her what her husband would say if he knew she was doing this, sucking guys cocks, swallowing their cum.  They teased her about kissing him with a mouth that still had the swill of their cum in it.  That idea caused much laughter and as she finished her third mouthful of cum one of them called out: "Anybody want to kiss her." They all shook their heads and Buzz looked at me and said: "How 'bout you?"  They all looked me.  I shook my head too and they laughed.

And of course all the while that each man was getting sucked off by my pretty wife, those who held her head or who stood by and watched freely felt her as she was helplessly tied-up—fingering and pulling on her nipples, leaning to suck on them and make them wet, or squatting down behind her and cupping the globes of her buttock, and wedging their several fingers up beneath her and into her soppy cunt and finger-fucking her noisily.

One of them got out her "masturbation bottle" again and used that on her while she sucked off the fourth man, and while she did the fourth, while she was getting jacked by the beer bottle, she obviously was rising to another orgasm, and that of course was something they egged her on to do for them, working the bottle hard while another rubbed her clit, while the one in her mouth started to fuck it so that her eyes watered, and so there was humiliating celebration over timing his cum to her own cum.  It made them all feel a mastery over her to make her cum—moan and squirm and whimper—just at the same time he blew into her mouth, for her to cum at the same moment she was gulping on his load.  

All this pleased Buzz a lot and he again complimented me. "She's great," he said.

The one who had to leave, looking at his watch, said he was really sorry to go.  His dick still at half-mast, he looked at her nakedness with some regret and said: "Can we get her next week?"  Buzz grinned and put his hand on my wife's head; she looked up at him abjectly, her lips wet, swollen: "You want to come back next week?"  She shook her head sadly.  I thought she looked like she might cry.  But Buzz helped her to lean and lay her shoulders against the bed and she turned her face away from me.

The men took a break, drinking beers, taking a pee, one of them called his wife at home.  The man who had to leave early left out the open door, got in a car—I heard the door, heard it start, heard him drive away. 

My wife, naked, hands tied behind her with her bra, stayed as she was, abject and exhausted by her sexual tensions, her face still turned away from me.  I liked how her tits dangled like ripe things as she knelt against the edge of the bed, the inviting shape of her hips and her round jutting buttock, which parted as her knees were spread, and showed her obviously ready splayed cunt.  I was not the only admirer. Most of the men moving about the room paused to look at her this way.

Buzz put his beer down and stood over Annie and looking down, stroking his dick, said: "You had your snacks, Annie. Now it's time for dinner."

He lay on the other bed, on top of its spread, and two of the men helped Annie to her feet. As they led her between the beds, their hands gripping on her arms, to be laid down onto the bed beside Buzz, as they turned her, so she faced me, she looked over at me sadly.  She looked unhappy, but she was not unwilling.  She never said she would not do whatever was expected; she was compliant to everything.  All night long, whatever was asked of her, she did without resistance or complaint, although at times she was sullen and defeated and often worn out.  But at other times she fucked them furiously and with sexual abandon. He body gleamed with sweat, her breath ragged, her gaze intense with inward sexual intensity.  And she came with them or for them repeatedly. 

To watch this, I got another beer out of the case and leaned against the dresser below the end of the bed where they laid her now, her head laid onto his chest, her eyes on the prick that he held lifted off his belly for her mouth. He instructed her: "Suck on this, Annie."

 He held her head firmly, as he slowly and gently fucked her mouth.  He did not thrust it deeply into her mouth; he did not want to gag her.  He wanted instead what I soon witnessed, that she must drink the generous flow of his repeated ejaculations with ease, as he held her, her mouth kept firmly upon the bulbous head of it, like a big baby bottle, as it spurt and spurt into her mouth, filling and refilling her mouth with what all of them expected would be large and repeated and creamy runny ejaculations.  They took cruel amusement in seeing her surprised expression and her eager efforts to swallow it all.  She could not take it all.  She gasped at last and much flowed out of her mouth onto his belly, but she closed her eyes and kept up.  I had never seen such a flow and it was as white and fluid as cream.  When he had finished, after what seemed like more than minute of repeated ejaculations, she was lifted by two of them, gasping, drooling, and was held kneeling over the goo on his belly, so that as he instructed her to do she must lap up and lick up what had spilled onto his belly and then sip his dick head as the runny last of it drained out into her mouth.  This was uncannily erotic to me.  She was completely subservient to him.

When Buzz got up she lay on the bed curled on her side.  Buzz's half-limp dick slobbered a gooey strand of cum.  I had never seen such a thing, nor ever heard of such a thing since then.  In the aftermath as we talked about it—how much he came in her mouth—I asked Annie if she enjoyed it.  She would not say yes or no.  I think for sure she did.  At any rate she looked very warm and content as she lay on the bed.  I think she could have gone to sleep.

But they were ready and eager to fuck her now.  They would give her no rest for a good hour.  One of the men, as if by plan, leaned over her on the bed, and untied her hands, and let the bra fall to the floor between the beds.  She put her hands to her face.  He stood over her feeling her hip, her buttock, slipping his fingers into her obviously wet cunt. 

He would be the first fuck her. 

He slapped her buttock. The sound of the smack amused them all.  It announced the beginning of fucking her.  Annie started and turned to look at him.  

He said: "Get on your hands and knees, wifey.  Time to fuck." 

She got up on her hands and knees, sideways to me.  I could see well this way: how her tits bobbled under her as he stood on the floor fucking her; how his dick slipped shiny with her juices in and out of her hole; how she looked down under herself, between her legs at his thighs slapping against her thighs, his swinging sack of balls, his wet dark shaft plunging into her pale ass. 

As each one took his turn, each in turn getting off another pop of cum inside of her, she began to more loudly exclaim herself and began to more eagerly respond; she began rocking and breathing loudly; she met their thrusts with pushes back on their cocks, to get it harder, to feel it deeper.  She whimpered, and yes, she had repeated cums, sometimes in time with their own, which again gave them great satisfaction, and caused me to cum in my pants again.

The third was in her when three more men came to the door.  I was shocked.  They looked shocked too.  One of them: I thought I recognized; I was not sure.  I thought it was one of the cooks at the restaurant where Annie worked.

He was sure he knew her, however, even if he did not know me.

Buzz greeted them.  Annie had her eyes closed and had not yet known they arrived.  She was fucking hard and being fucked hard.  She almost yelped as she grunted with the fucking.  She was working herself to wild orgasm—the one I was about to cum to myself.

They stood at the door watching her fuck.  Their mouths open.  Amazed.  They said nothing. She hit her climax and squealed noisily. The man inside her shot off.  I shot off involuntarily in my pants as well.

Annie collapsed on the bed the man behind her, falling forward with her, keeping his dick in her, still commenting.  He said: "You are the best fuck, wifey...."  She turned her face on the bed toward me and looked up at me.  She knew what I was thinking.

That is when the man at the door, also seeing her face as she turned it toward me, recognized her and said: "Annie?"

She knew him immediately too and turned her face away and drew her hands up to cover it.  But the man who had finished fucking her stood up and drew his prick out of her and looked down smugly at her widespread legs and at the cum of three men oozing from her cunt.  He invited others to see for themselves.  Buzz meanwhile had directed the three new men to come into the room and introduced them to me (or my fictitious self); I hoped the one who knew Annie did not recognize me.  He did not seem to. He expressed amazement at seeing the naked girl on the bed was Annie.  He told them how he knew her.  He told them that he worked with her: "God damn, I don't believe it." 

He looked incredulous: "I know her... She's married to..." 

Buzz said: "I know," and winked at me.  He gave them all beers and Buzz said to one of his friends: "Bring her here." 

They grabbed her hands and she responded limply and without resistance permitted them to pull her to feet and to manhandle her by her shoulders away from the bed and drawn over to the front window. Facing the window. She saw her own nakedness reflected in the window. I caught her eye.

One of the men closed the curtains. Buzz approached her, the cook close behind her. They looked her over, grinning.

Buzz told her to put her hands on her head.

"Stand up on your toes, honey." Buzz said. "Flex that butt." He spanked her. Made a little color rise on her buttock.

"Nice ass," said Buzz. "We saved the butt fuck just for you."

"God damn..." the cook said. Then he added, "I've always wanted to do that. She is so fucking stuck up."

"She fucks like a pig. Yeah, I'll bet she oinks like a pig," said Buzz.

"God damn..." the cook repeated.

"Show 'em the flip-side, honey," Buzz said. And she turned for them to see her from the front.

Buzz brushed her hair from her face; she looked the new men in the eyes. 

She was embarrassed.  It was obvious. 

But it was also obvious they had been fucking her hard. 

They had not cleaned her up. She smelled of their sex.

He mouth looked swollen.

Buzz said: "She sucks cock too."

The cook looked her up and down, shaking his head, and just kept saying: "God damn..."

 Buzz said: "Can I get you guys drinks?"

He turned to the bar, but the newcomers did not want to take their eyes off my naked wife.

Buzz said: "Vodka? You? Hey, she's not going anywhere. We got her all night long."

She stood where she was. Naked. On display.

The cook shaking his head, muttering: "God damn..."


Installment 9 - It was a night she would never forget… 

Buzz said: "Yeah, it's a small world," but added, "But that changes nothing."
 
"You pay, you play." He nodded at Annie.  "Go ahead... Give her a feel."
 
One of the other men meanwhile had come back to the room with a damp washcloth and had knelt beside Annie and was wiping her between her thighs and wiped her between the buttocks and wiped her face.
 
The cook felt her tits. Annie looked him in the eye and he said to her: "You look great." 
 
The other two men grinned and soon joined him in feeling my wife's tits and fingering her. 
 
She said nothing to him.  He repeated: "God damn..."
 
Meanwhile the first ones to fuck her had pulled on their undershorts and stood drinking beers, watching her being molested. ONe of them laughing asked Buzz: "Why you close the curtains Buzz?" And yanked them open again.  A general conversation filled them in on what had already happened.  Sucking off five.  One had left, they explained.  Three had fucked her.  Now it was time for the new guys.  Before their own encore.
 
Buzz was still naked and his dick was thickening and beginning to stiffen upright.  Buzz said: "We can use the table here..." and he went over to swing the chairs away from it, and positioned them so that they were set, one on either side, facing into the room.  
 
Buzz declared: "I'm going first... To break her in."
 
His friends knew what to do.  The three new men were interrupted in their sexual fondling of Annie and she was taken over to the table under the overhanging lamp and she was turned to face it, to face window.
 
With the curtains open again, the hanging light shining on her, she saw herself naked again in the reflection on the window, forcibly drawn by these two men in their undershorts, brought to the table, touching her mid-thigh.  They held her there, waiting for Buzz, giving him an over the shoulder glance, while Annie stared at her naked self in the window.  She also saw the new men looking at her naked body in the reflection.  She saw also my gaze. 
 
Buzz went to the bathroom and came out with a tube of KY Jelly.  I immediately understood what was intended.  Annie did not.  Annie had not heard about KY Jelly.  I knew about from stories about faggots.  What they were about to do I had never done to her.  I had never thought of doing it to her.  
 
Buzz squeezed some out of onto a hand and handed the tube to the cook.  He slathered his now fully erect prick with it so that it glistened.  Annie watched this quizzically from its reflection.  The two holding her arms also watched.  Buzz nodded when he was ready and the two holding her arms, turned and sat on opposing chairs, drawing her, forcing her to bend over the table.  They held her arms outstretched.  She craned to look up at Buzz coming at her from behind. 
 
She told me after that she had not expected what he would do.  She said also it did not hurt but was uncomfortable.  
 
Uncomfortable as first.  Buzz was careful, however, and patient.  He slipped the whole of his dick first into the vagina first and gave her a few deep strokes and she relaxed. Then he drew it out and put a hand on her rump and guiding his dick with his other hand he put the head of it to her anus.  
 
He pushed.  It resisted.  I saw her face reflected in the window.  She was anxious but she said nothing.  She bit her lip. She closed her eyes as he pressed and managed to force a thumb-lengths of that dick into her anus.  Now, having lodged it this far, having begun to stretch it out, the penetration of her came more easily.  He took hold her buttock by the handsful and shoved in more and more in short, steady, ever deeper strokes.  She groaned.  Each stroke deeper, she groaned the more loudly.  Her eyes were tightly shut.  Her lips tightly pursed.  She began to breath rhythmically with his strokes.
 
It was astonishing.  This four, this six, this eight and then more inches of cock worked all the way into her rectum and my Annie did not complain.  Buzz with a nod signaled the men to let go of her arms and she took hold of the far edge of the table to brace herself as Buzz now freely fucked her in the ass.  She herself looked up and her eyes open to see her own face while she was fucked in the ass.  
 
Buzz's ejaculation again was large and long.  Again she had her own orgasm, now the more humiliating for being in the presence of someone she knew and for having taken it in the ass.  But she could not help herself.  Very vocal.  Her legs trembled. 
 
But she understood as Buzz drew his long dick from her distended anus, looking proudly at what he had done, that the other men were now going to do the same thing to her.  She did not move from her position.  
 
The cook was next.  He had stripped while Buzz reamed her.  He was quickly into her and leaned over as he fucked her ass.  He repeated, "God damn. God damn," as he too came in her asshole.  He was followed by two more.  None of them took as long as Buzz.  They were primed by the sight of his dick reaming her ass, and they each quickly came inside of her, shoving it up as hard and deep as they could, and again she cumming as they did.  When the last one withdrew the backflow of the ejaculate from her anus, which closed quickly, was an enormous drool that ran down through the gaping slit of her cunt and dripped from in long string to the floor.  She laid flat on the table and did not move.  Exhausted but also waiting for more.  She'd expected the other men would fuck her there also.  
 
But they did not.  The two who had brought her to the table helped her to stand after they'd watched the cum drip out of her with obscene fascination, and then one with the wet washcloth cleaned her up, washing her thighs, washing her between her legs.  She thanked him.  That was, since the whole thing had started, the only words she had spoken.
 
They took her to sit on the end of the bed, facing me.
 
She looked up at me sheepishly.  Buzz had since then put on her pants.  He looked down at her with affection, it seemed to me. 
 
He said to me: "Well... What you think?"
 
I was stunned.  He looked at Annie and smiled warmly.  "Suck some more cock, wifey... then you can go..." 
 
The three new men, the cook being the first, then stepped before Annie, and got sucked off. Sucking off the cook, she looked very flushed.  I felt the shame she felt. Now she sucked them willingly, holding their pricks, pumping them in her left hand—the one, importantly, with her wedding ring—as she sucked them and brought them to ejaculate into her mouth, which she received and swallowed to their amazed satisfaction. Once more—and as it would turn out, the very last time—I witnessed men shooting off into her mouth and saw and heard her swallowing their cum.
 
Buzz gave her a beer afterwards and she sat quietly without looking at anyone but for an occasional glance at me.   
 
The men sat. Some talked among themselves.  The cook, still naked, stood looking at my wife—his "favorite" waitress—still naked, and asked her: "Does your husband know?"  She looked at him and then at me, shook her head, and sipped her beer without a word, looking away from all of us again. 
 
Buzz asked me after a bit: "You want to take her home or shall we?"
 
She looked at me anxiously.  I said: "I'll take her."  
 

I had to go around to the front of the motel to get my VW and bring it around back.  Driving up and parking in front of the window, I saw that they had laid her on the bed and were giving her one more good fucking.  They fucked her face-down.  They fucked her with her butt raised.  They rolled her over and fucked her with her knees up against her sides.  Five of them fucked her.  In tag teams they took her.  She sucked some as some fucked her.  They did not want to let her go.  I waited.  Almost another hour passed.  I came in my pants a third time. 
 
When they were finally done, she lay on her back on the bed, her arm across her eyes, and they drank beers and looked at her, her legs splayed wide for them as they had done for the purpose to see their work. 
 
They had little more to say.  Everyone had had enough.  I finally touched her arm and she lifted herself up and set her feet wearily on the floor, looking down.  I helped her to stand.  I went to pick up her dress and Buzz said: "No...  Take her home naked as he is...."  The men laughed at this.
 
I led her to the car and put her in; she leaned over clutching her naked breasts, and watched me as I went back in to get her clothes.  
 
Buzz shook his head when I tried to take them.  I understood what he meant.  He looked at the other men and winked.  
 
I said: "Okay...." Then awkwardly and sheepishly I thanked him.  
 
He laughed at me and shook his head and said: "No, we should thank you..." And he added that I should be sure to thank Annie when I got her home.  Then Buzz lifted his beer bottle toward me in a toast, as did the other men, as if planned, and said, grinning: "You got a nice wife there, son. I'd keep her."
 
Annie stayed in bed the next day and slept.  She got up and took a long hot bath just before dinner.  I made her a steak dinner.  We talked, drank some wine.  She was okay with it all but worried about the cook.  She was not sure she wanted to go back to work there.  She went back to bed.
 
We didn't fuck for a few days.  Then we fucked like animals.
 
She didn't go back to work at the restaurant.  She heard about the stories the cook told. Then, after that incident with Jon and those creeps he brought over to the apartment, which I've already related, that put the nail in the coffin lid; she'd never want to do anything like that ever again, and I love her and I'd never ask her to either, even though I still thought about it.   That was all thirty years ago anyway.
 
Annie still likes to fuck and suck cock, and she even likes it when I fuck her in the ass.  When I do, I sometimes wonder what she's thinking about.
 
 