Entry #15 

Been a little dull lately. I know, she was back from her trip and you've been - am I hearing right - working on opening a bar in town? What, the doctor bit not exciting enough for you? My god - I'm going to go crazy. There's only so much one can do alone, you know...

I haven't written much in here, because we've been kind of busy with those couple cases at work and I haven't really felt like writing. Maybe it was some burnout from the 'weekend' or something. Not complaining. Loved it. But, maybe it was almost too much... almost.

Fantasy #11 

This as a result of the need to do something to spice up my sex life... because it's dropped off into nowheresville. I hate it when you're in one of your moods, you bastard.

Flogging - this is where the spreader bar (minus the wrist cuffs) could come in very handy. Depending on where you'd like the lashes to strike, legs immobilized, body bent over a table, the back of the couch, a chair or just leaning against a wall, presented and ready for the lashes of the flogger. I'm not talking about an Indiana Jones type whip, but a suede or deerskin toy that's designed for this sort of thing. It might be easier if I show you - little demonstration. It can still hurt, but it'll take a little more effort to get something closer to a 'sting'. Plus, it'll save your hand.

You know - you should add some of your ideas to this little book. There's plenty of space. And, if we fill this one up, I know where the bookstore is, I can get a new one.

Entry #16 

Oh - let me know when you're going to open you bar, I'll take you and your business partner out for dinner. I won't tell you where, but I think you'll like it.

Fantasy #12 

You're laying on the bed, naked, comfortable and I'm warming massage oil between my palms. I kneel beside you and, starting at your shoulders, work my fingers into the tense muscles there, down your back, then back up and out along your arms. Back over the shoulders, then down toward your hips, over your ass to work on the backs of your legs (with permission, of course), all the way down to the soles of your feet and the tips of your toes. 

Then I have you roll to your back so I can work on your front. Again, I start at your shoulders and work out more of those knots you seem to keep there. Slowly, smoothly I work my hands down your chest, back to your shoulders and out along your arms to your hands and fingers. Back to your chest, down toward your hips. Next are your legs - I've gotten your okay to do this too, because I wouldn't want to spring something like this on you and have you not be okay with me touching you. (Yes, the idea of touching your leg makes me nervous. I don't want to hurt you and it's not my leg, so I don't know what would or wouldn't hurt.)

Hips, thighs, calves, feet - I spend time here, making sure you're sufficiently relaxed before moving elsewhere. 

Oh, did I forget to mention this is an erotic massage? After I've soothed your extremities and chest, the only thing left is your cock and balls. More oil to ensure a pleasurable experience, and my hands curl around you, stroking and squeezing and gentle, soft movements that get you worked up. When you're almost there, I stop and focus elsewhere for a little while, then back to your cock. I'll repeat this until you want me to stop. From here, I can either get you off with my hands or we can have some incredibly hot sex. That part's up to you.

Entry #17 

This entry completed on a directive from you:

I don't know what you want me to write. I was charting and working in the clinic and you brought me more charts - your charts. I asked you to help me fill them in and you refused, like you always do. I cannot fill in information that I don't have. You were not helpful, so I moved into the exam room, leaving you to decide if you wanted to come help or not.

You decided to grace me with your presence, looking smug as always and when I kissed you, god, when I kissed you... fire and passion and burning need.

You pushed me against the counter and told me I was a bad girl, though I don't know what exactly you think I did. I came to work, I wrote down my thoughts and fantasies like always, you belittled me and did what you always do and I didn't say or do a damned thing. You touched me and took off the butterfly and asked me a bunch of questions that I don't remember.

Then you dragged me over to the stool and pulled me down on your lap after I unleashed your cock. Then you fucked me long enough to get yourself off and left me utterly frustrated.

Under other circumstances, I might have found that idea intriguing and sexy, but not like that. That was just cruel.

The butterfly's in the toybox, by the way, when you need it again.

I'm going to bed.

Entry #18 
I'm not in a fantasy mood and most of my dreams have been bland and boring - when I remember them at all. I'm not in much of a mood for anything and my freezer is sadly devoid of ice cream. 

I did go for my walk in the park. It was nice. Quiet. Calm. Some lady's dog came over to sit beside me for a while, so I scratched his head and looked out over the lake. 

That's all.

Entry #19 
I want the princess. I want to be the princess. Just for a day.

Fantasy #13 [written as a prompt response for get_house_laid]

This is one of several fantasies about voyeurism - prearranged and not. If you're very very good, I'll write more. But first, this one. It involves you, Wilson and the balcony outside your office. Well, and me, of course.

Wilson's out on the balcony, waiting for you, since you asked him to meet you there. He's crunching on some cold cereal and has a glass of juice nearby. I think he's also wondering why you wanted to meet him at seven a.m., since you rarely get out of bed before nine. I'm a little curious too, but since I'm in the conference room making coffee, no one's paying any attention to me.

At eight minutes after seven, you show up, swaggering and cranky through your office, dropping your knapsack behind your desk and your coat over the back of your chair. Whistling a happy tune, you push open the door and step onto the balcony with Wilson. A swing of your cane taps him right on the back of the knee, making his leg all but collapse and his cereal bowl flip over the edge of the balcony. Listening carefully, even I can hear the soft tinkle of the china breaking on the sidewalk below.

"Oops," you say, toothy grin in place to piss him off.

He's known you for so long that your antics don't faze him at all anymore. He scowls in mourning over his lost breakfast, then sighs as he turns back to you and your jaunty tune. "You're buying lunch today," he tells you in no uncertain terms.

You, essentially, shrug this off as yet another minor inconvenience that you'll find a way around later. You always do.

"What'd you want?" Wilson asks as he wedges himself into the little corner created by the edging wall and that little divider wall, one hand resting on each of those walls.

You plant your cane a comfortable distance ahead of you and take a step forward, somehow managing to make it look sexy. Even Wilson thinks so, as I can see him swallow a small lump in his throat. That's kind of hot. How did you manage to turn him on without doing anything more than walking? I can see you both, so it's not like you got anything past me. There are no cocks hanging out, no chest hair puffing through shirts, nothing specifically different, just two steps that looked really damn hot - both to me and to Wilson.

I see you grin. This is obviously exactly what you'd wanted - Wilson nearly drooling over you. But why?

"You can't have me, Jimmy," you chastise him, knowing it will completely catch him off guard.

It does. "Wh-what?" he splutters. "I don't want you."

"Right."

"I don't. One, you're not my type. Two, you're a guy."

"Wondering when you'd notice that."

Wilson smirks, unimpressed with your lame joke.

"Of course I'm your type, Jimmy. Breathing is your type."

Wilson's scowl deepens and he folds his arms over his chest. "Breathing and female, House."

"That's not what your college roommate told me." That self-satisfied smirk has successfully staked it's claim to your face, planted a flag and set-up the beginnings of civilization. Wilson's in big trouble now.

Wilson's eyes widen and his hands start to flail. "Robert didn't tell you anything."

No response, just the smirk that's successfully started crop-rotation.

"He wouldn't." Wilson seems to be losing his confidence on this one pretty quickly. "Dammit. He swore he'd never tell anyone about that."

That smirk just graduated into full-on self-satisfied grin, broad and unashamed. "Why, Jimmy..."

"House! You bastard!" His ears have actually turned red by this point.

You crutch your way over to him, keeping a decent distance to ensure neither of you does something stupid enough to send one or both of you over the edge of the balcony. "Don't be ashamed, Jimmy. Everyone experiments in college."

"Did you?" he asks, his voice cracking around the dryness in his throat. (Have you ever noticed just how well sound carries through these glass walls?)

"No," you respond and take a seat in the chair you keep out there for - whatever reason you keep it there. Sitting, I'd presume, but we are talking about you here, House.

The crease in Wilson's brow just got promoted to 'canyon'. "Do you want to?"

"No," you reassure him. "And surely not with you. We're friends, Jimmy. Friends don't do that sort of thing together."

"The ones with benefits do," Wilson quips back. Damn, that was good. Go, Wilson!

'Even surprised you. I can see your eyes lift and widen ever-so-slightly. "Friends get benefits?" you ask as though this is a completely new concept for you.

"Sometimes," Wilson sighs and turns around to glance down at the destruction that was his breakfast.

True to your style, you let him bemoan his breakfast in silence for a long, long time. So long that I almost get bored enough to leave and I usually like watching you two duke it out verbally over something ridiculous.

Wilson's not playing into your 'silent treatment'. In fact, he's ignoring you completely. Is this part of the plan?

"You're attracted to me," you finally add to the conversation.

"No, I'm not," he replies without turning away from his deceased cereal.

You sigh. "You are. Sexually. You want me."

"That narcissism, how's that working out for you there, House? Need a refill?"

"Turn around, you idiot."

He does and his eyes are suddenly very wide and his cheeks, very red - all the way to his ears again. I have to crane around a bit to figure out why and - holy crap, House! I think I'd've had the same reaction to seeing it just there, exposed and growing as you stroke it with your hand. Shit. I gasp and while Wilson doesn't seem to notice (too busy licking his chops over your cock, I guess), you do and glance toward my location through the window, that smug grin on your face. From that look, I know you're expecting me to stick around to watch the show. Hey, what the hell.

A hard swallow of another lump in his throat and Wilson splutters, "Um, House..."

"You want it?" you ask, calm, casual. "'Want to taste it? 'Get me off with your mouth?"

I've never seen Wilson look so nervous before, but he also looks like he really wants to do it. My vote's on 'go for it, Jimmy!'. 

"You're fucking with me, aren't you?" Wilson tries to play off the suggestion as typical House antics.

You shake your head and continue to stroke yourself. Holy hell, Wilson, get to it or I'm coming through the glass to do it for you.

Well, well, maybe that did it for Wilson too. He's lowering himself to his knees in front of you, eyes focused on yours for a long time, like he's seeking permission still. You nod and he's suddenly a lot less nervous. He bows his head and opens his mouth, taking you in all at once, closing his lips around the base of your shaft before sucking his way back to the tip. Wilson, I'm impressed with your fellatio skills. 

You are too, from what I can tell. You drop your hand into his hair, softly guiding him as he moves on your cock and your head falls back, leaning against the window. I watch your eyes drift closed and your mouth slip open, followed by your quiet moans of pleasure from having your dick sucked. I know it's one of your favorite activities and I know your sounds. Wilson's good, but this isn't the best you've ever gotten. I've heard you when it's been mind-blowingly good.

Wilson works hard though, he's going at it like his life depends on it. Hell, after what you put him through, maybe his life does depend on it. He's doing a good job, because you only make that rumbling growl noise when it's really good. Huh, never knew Wilson swung both ways.

There's a sound I know very well - that sigh-groan that accompanies your orgasm. Gotta say, I've never seen your face when you do that, but it's fucking beautiful to watch it now. Wilson doesn't swallow, he spits into the plant in the corner - ew - then wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. 

"Fuck me, Jimmy, didn't expect you to prove me right quite like that."

Wilson, good on him, just smirks and leaves you on the balcony to recover.

I'm still shocked as hell that he didn't see me through the whole thing, but damn if I don't want to storm out onto the balcony and fuck you senseless after that. It was really hot.

I do go out there, but I don't fuck you. You look like you might break. As I'm standing there, you look up at me and ask, "Wanna try a threesome?"

You bastard.

Entry #20 
Guess this is the last entry in this journal. I won't be writing in here anymore. There's nothing more to write if there's nothing more to do.

Bye, House.

Entry #21 - written 2 days after the 'break up'; scratched out the next day

I know, I know, I said I wasn't writing in here anymore, but - I have to. 

I shouldn't do this, it's bad for both of us - but I miss you, dammit. 

I miss talking to you, being with you, fucking you - everything. All the things we did. I miss them. Maybe it wasn't the right thing to do, but it felt really damn good when it was happening. Guess that's why I let it go on as long as I did. I know, you called it off, but you know that if my morality center had kicked in full-throttle, I would've called an end to it a lot sooner. - I scratched through it, b/c the rule to myself is that nothing gets removed from the journal. I'll leave the last line though. *AC*

I really am happy for you. And I hope things work out with her.