Then and now 
Exhibitionism Entry by a Female 
As a young girl I was always heavy and often teased in school. I never had dates and few boys even talked to me. I hated it when family or friends told me I had a pretty face and it was insulting to me. I hid my body the best I could, wearing long dark outfits and was ashamed of my appearance. I did have sex while in college but always with boys who were also heayweights. I was 20 years old and about 165 lbs. at the time and I'm only 5'3 tall. I was sitting in the doctors office one day waiting for him. My chart and records were on his desk and I opened and began reading some of it. Thats when the word obese was mentioned several times. I always knew I was overweight but obese was devastating to me. It took me over a year but I lost 42 lbs. and for the first time in my life was content with my body. My wardrobe completely changed and I was able to wear a bikini, short skirts and sexy outfits anytime I wanted to. It thrilled me the way men looked at me and I'm sure it helped me get the job I now have in the city. I'm 23 now, dated a number of guys and for the first time have a steady boyfriend. I had become so comfortable with body that as soon as I get to my apartment after work I spend the entire evening naked. I even cook and clean my apartment naked. If my boyfriend comes over I am always in reavealing PJ's or underware. When I think back about all the times I tried to hide my body I am now the opposite and have began exposing myself whenever possible. My boyfriend has the impression that he is the only guy who sees me naked but but he is very much mistaken. Across the alley way there is another apartment building and two collge boys live directly across from my apartment. They see me naked regularly but never when my boyfriend is here. I think they have had five or more of there friends watch me at times and aside from letting them see me naked I have also began letting them watch as I masturbate. There is another man who watches me often a floor above mine but he is very discret and never has his lights on when he does. I think I have seen two watching me a few times over the last year but can't make out their features and don't know who they are. The college boys I see outside sometimes but never talk to them only saying hello when I do see them. My boyfriends brother saw me naked twice but my boyfriend doesn't know about it or at least never said anything if he does know. When I go to the gym I always wear two peice outfits and get excited when I know the men are watching me. The way the locker rooms are set up it is difficult to have any of them see me naked but I have been succesful several times having one of the men see me naked just holding a towel. I have found three changing rooms in two different malls that are visible from the clothes racks and try on bathing suits occassionally when I see men outside. I try doing this as inocently as possible and just act as though I slipped and knocked the door open while naked. The one store has only a curtain covering the dressing room and I always leave enough of it open for them to see me. I own six bikini's but only wear two of them around my boyfriend or family since the others are much to reavealing. I wear them mostly at the apartment pool and only seldom at the beach when I am alone. I am amased at myself by how many men at my apartment complex come to talk to me at the pool, particularly when my boyfriend isn't around. It is very arousing to me when I see how they look at my body and I always think back about how ashamed I used to be about it. I know it sounds conceited of me but my apartment is full of mirrors, and not only do I expose myself to as many men as possible, but am constantly looking at myself when I am naked. When I'm in my apartment alone I am always naked and peek out of the side of the shades hoping some of the neighbors are looking for me. I have a full mirror on my bathroom wall just so I can see myself in the shower. My boyfriend is not very good at giving me a massage but I get him to do it to me naked just so he looks at my body. It always leads to some type of sex and the exposure to him alone arouses me before he ever touches me. My entire outlook is the opposite of when I was younger and I am no longer embarrassed by my body. I never had the thought of exposing myself like I do now but it has become an absolute turn on for me. It arouses me when the guys look at me in my bikini but if they see me naked its twice as arousing. I have sex with my boyfriend a few times a week but he has no knowledge of how often I masturbate when he's not here. I do get him to watch me masturbate but think the reason I do is only to expose myself to him as much as I can. He does like watching me when I do or at least says he does and I always satisfy him after he does watch me. The fact that he gets an erection as he watches me masutbate myelf makes me even more excited. I know what I have become but have never been more happy with myself and more at ease. None of what I do ever humiliates me and I am content when any man sees me naked, aside from the excitment and arousal from it. 
