The night's not over yet.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle: Sisters, Chapter 4 (Mff, 1st, creampie, inc, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, f-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Persi lay next to the sleeping Johanna and stared at the tasty-looking sperm that dripped out of her best friend's pussy. Persi's mother's boyfriend had just come into her room, bold as you could be, and started to molest Persi...

No, she realized, she had wanted him to come in and touch her. She wondered why she had been so wanton for the last day or so, sucking off first a convenience store clerk and then her mother's boyfriend, before redirecting his attention to her best friend, sound asleep due to the pill Johanna always took when she slept away from home? Then Persi had jacked off Raj's cock until he shot all of his delicious sperm into the slim brunette's virgin pussy, not caring that she might have helped impregnate her best friend while she was sleeping.

Persi wanted to taste semen again. Both times before, she had had an orgasm from doing that, but it was all in Johanna's pussy now, and she wasn't gay!

Still, she had to do something about all that sperm, or Johanna would notice it when she woke up! Persi grabbed her tissue box and started to sop up the white mess spilling out of her friend's barely virginal pussy. She licked at some of the cum in the tissue and had a small orgasm, but it wasn't as good as from the source. Also, as she kept trying to wipe it away, more would spill out. Raj had shot a huge load into Johanna!

"Goddamnit..." she muttered, and got between the unconscious girl's legs. Then she placed her mouth onto her friend's vagina and started to suck.

"Mm!" Persi moaned as a stronger orgasm washed over her as some of Raj's cum, kept warm by Johanna's fertile pussy, slid down her throat. It tasted a little different combined with Johanna's juices, but still good, like warm ice cream. She sucked harder and was rewarded with another dollop, as well as another orgasm.

After a couple more minutes of this, sucking and cumming, Persi felt someone yank her panties down. In the crouched-forward position she was in, her butt had been sticking up in the air, vulnerable. She looked back to find Raj joining them again on the bed, his revitalized cock heading straight for her virgin pussy.

"I heard you moaning. I knew you would have a pretty pussy, Persi," he explained as the tip of his cock speared between the fit blonde teen's very wet pussy lips.

She tensed up. She was about to lose her virginity on her mother's boyfriend's cock! "Noo..." she moaned in a combination of fear and lust. "Raj, don--UHHH!"

Raj's cock had slid halfway into her. Persi had expected it to hurt, but instead just felt an uncomfortable pressure as her unused vagina adjusted to its first penis. Then she felt relief as he pulled back, only to gasp in discomfort again as he pushed back in, this time burying 3/4 of his cock inside her.

"Jee-hee-zuss..." she moaned.

"Do not blaspheme," Raj said, and smacked her bottom.

"Oh!" Persi didn't know what to think of the sudden sharp pain in her buttock before Raj started to thrust himself inside her, mixing the pain and pleasure in her head. Had that felt better, or worse, she wondered? However it had felt, it had distracted her from the alien pressure of her mother's boyfriend's cock as it plundered her virginity.

Then she felt Raj's hand snake down, between her thighs, as he fucked her from behind. Soon he found her clitoris and she gasped in pleasure. Having someone else play with your clit was much better than doing it yourself, she realized. Soon Raj's cock was all the way inside her and it was no longer uncomfortable; in fact, it felt just right! With the manipulation of her clit and the strange new feelings deep inside her, she was going to cum soon, and it was going to be big!

Raj's thrusts were speeding up. "Oh God," she moaned, pushing her hips back at him. "Oh Goddd..."

Her head snapped up as she came hard. "Unhh! Ahhh! Ohgaahhdd..." Raj's hands moved her t-shirt up and then mauled her small breasts, tweaking her hard nipples and extending her orgasm. Finally, she collapsed forward, gasping. She noticed that Johanna had turned over onto her belly in her sleep, and she could still see a little of Raj's sperm slipping out from between her friend's wet pussy lips.

Sperm...Raj was going to shoot soon, Persi realized! She could feel him pounding hard into her hot, wet pussy. Probably the only reason that he hadn't filled her up yet was because of his earlier orgasm. She had only moments to keep herself from being impregnated by her mother's boyfriend!

She turned to him. "Raj! Stop!" She felt him slow his thrusts, and then finally stop, his throbbing cock deep inside her, ready to burst, possibly leaking dangerous precum. At that thought, she almost pushed her butt back at him again. Instead, she moved forward and felt his cock slip out of her. The feeling of emptiness made her moan in regret, but just for a moment. She turned and lifted Johanna's butt, pulling the girl's knees under her to keep her ass aloft. Raj took the hint and guided his turgid member into the sleeping brunette's pussy.

This time, however, Raj, excited to extreme levels and needing to cum, thrust hard into Johanna's body, ripping through her beleaguered maidenhead.

"UH!" Johanna cried out, but her eyes remained closed. Persi knew that the sleeping pill her friend took was powerful...one time the building's fire alarm had gone off and they had to practically carry her outside until they were allowed back in.

Raj grabbed Johanna's hips and thrust like a madman, the remains of his previous orgasm inside her providing all the lubrication he needed. Soon he was grunting hard, beads of sweat on his brow, and he thrust one last time, holding himself deep inside the unconscious girl as he moaned, "Oh, Johanna, how I hope my seed will grow within your sexy body...unhh! Uhh!"

"Oh shit!" Persi moaned at that, and she simultaneously rubbed her own clit while massaging one of her breasts. She heard Johanna crying out in her own orgasm as Raj once again filled her with his dangerous seed. Then Persi came. "Oh fuucckk..." She fell onto her back next to Johanna, shaking, her legs wide.

Raj, seeing this, pulled out of Johanna and fell upon Persi, his mouth finding hers and his still-hard cock flopping between her legs. She felt it poking her down there and then suddenly it was inside her again. As the sperm that remained on his cock from his last orgasm was pushed inside Persi's fertile pussy, her orgasm ramped up hard. "Guuhh! N-aah!" Her back arched, presenting her hard nipples to Raj, and he dutifully took one into his mouth. As he sucked at it, one last orgasmic wave rolled through her.

Finally, Raj pulled out, making her gasp. "You have worn me out, pretty Persi. We will do more tomorrow." Then he left on unsteady legs.

Persi couldn't stop shaking for several minutes. That last orgasm had been incredible! She wanted to finally go to sleep, but Johanna's pussy was dripping with Raj's sperm again...

After sucking all of Raj's second load from her unconscious friend's vagina, giving herself several smaller orgasms from the taste, she pulled Johanna's panties back on and then collapsed next to her. She was asleep within a minute.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)