Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Vampire's Kiss Chapter Nine: Vampiric Hungers
Summary: Damien has rescued Abigail, but the sun rises stoon. Will there be time for he and his wife to escape the sun's killing rays?
Keywords: MF FF MFF Fsolo vamp viol oral 1st D/s

Copyright 2016

The demon Jezebel lurked in the depths of Father Augustine's soul. Her corrupted priest drove the gray church van into the slumbering city of Chicago. In the back, amid the weapons designed to fight vampires, lay the three enslaved women dominated by the priest. They were both his whores and his unholy champions. Demonic powers lurked in the souls of the women. 

They would kill the vampiric threats to Jezebel's client Faust. The powerful vampire had bargained with Jezebel for protection against Heaven's interference. So far, Faust had upheld his end of their agreement, corrupting the elite of Chicago into perversion, blackening theirs souls and expanding the demon's power. So far, no Knights Venator, the hunters employed by the Catholic Church had moved against Faust.

Until Heaven found a loophole. Jezebel wasn't certain how. The demon had followed Heaven's silly rules when she made her pact with Faust. The angels believed in the preservation, or at least the illusion, of free will. Every time an angel intervened for good, a demon could intervene for evil. Jezebel had accumulated her interventions and used them on Faust.

But the angels found a way to circumvent the rules. Jezebel suspected Aurora. The angelic cunt always found ways to interfere where she was not wanted.

And using vampires. What is Heaven up to?

Jezebel had learned of the threat, and discovering the source made using Father Augustine all the more delicious. Damien and Abigail D'Angelo, vampire hunters, had been turned. Augustine had been their chaplain. And now he would kill them to protect a vampire.

All of the priest's service, thirty years of warring against vampires, undone because of his lust to fuck his parishioners.

Jezebel loved being a demon.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Father Hyrum Augustine was alert and excited as he neared the edge of Chicago. Since he had embraced the feminine voice whispering inside him and given his sacrament to the three whores in the back, the priest had felt invigorated. He did not feel forty-eight but two decades younger. His cock was lead in his cassock as he listened to his whitish warriors giggle and moan in the back.

The three sluts were naked and caressing each other, saturating the wicked holes between their thighstheir cunts. Every woman was a whore to that greedy hole. Wet, hot, aching to be filled by fingers, tongues, cocks, or any other stiff, thick objects the patterns could get their hands on. But he had freed these three. 

They lived to please only him, United by the holy sacrament of his seed collected from Samantha's virgin snatch.

And right now, he needed pleasing.

One of you sluts, get your mouth on my dick right now, he said, his voice a gravelly growl.

Ooh, which one of us should do it? moaned Joy. Augustine had found Joya blonde, barely legal nymphettewalking down the side of the road. Dominating her had been the start of his transformation from simple priest into holy master.

I would love to, the young Samantha said. Augustine imagined her pushing up her glasses from her cute nose. She was engaged to be married, but the priest had shown the woman she really just was horny to lose her virginity and did not love her fiance. May I suck your cock?

Oh, you're so cute, the married Donna Lawson moaned. Cuckolding the whore from her husband had been satisfying. Her daughter Britney had been claimed by Damien.

Anger curdled in the priest. His two charges, Damien and Abigail, had fallen to the undead scourge. Augustine and his whores would put them down. The priest had so wanted to claim Abigail as one of his slatterns, but she was wholly lost.

What a waste.

Yes, Samantha, go suck his cock, Joy purred. I'll finger your pussy while you do it.

Thank you for helping me control my wicked lusts, Father, moaned Samantha as she crawled between the bucket seats and reached for the priest's cock through his black cassock, her glasses slipping down her nose.

It is a sacrifice, slut.
Did our play in the back make you hard? Samantha purred, her brown hair falling about her innocent face.

Yes, Father Augustine groaned, his fingers tightening on the steering wheel as she lifted his cassock. He wore no underwear beneath, and the fabric rubbed across the sensitive crown of his dick.

That was so wicked of us. Samantha licked her lips. Women are so wicked for inflicting sin on men.

That's right, the priest growled. The feminine voice laughed inside him. Women need to remember their place.

On our knees, relieving the erections we cause in our husbands. She grasped the priest's dick. Or our spiritual leaders.

Amen, groaned Augustine as her wet, hot, warm mouth engulfed his dick. He groaned, fighting to stay in control of the van as her juicy mouth swirled her tongue around the frenulum. The pleasure rippled down his cock to his balls.

Samantha sucked hard and moaned. She squirmed as she knelt, Joy pressed against her side. The blonde's hand shoved between Samantha's thighs, rubbing at the whore's cunt. Samantha bobbed her head, taking more and more of the priest's cock as she shuddered on Joy's fingers.

Joy nuzzled her lips against Samantha's ear. Her tongue licked out, flicking around it and bringing another moan from the sweet Samantha's lips. Father Augustine savored her sucking mouth and passionate sighs, his dick aching in the hot depths of her mouth.

That's it, slut, cooed Joy. She licked Samantha's ear again while Joy's finger plunged noisily in and out of Samantha's cunt. Satiate the father. Relieve his cock and keep him from sinning.

It was good that there was no traffic on the road. Father Augustine drifted into the right lane as the pleasure boiled in his balls. He let out a groan. The wheels thundered as the drove over the reflectors dividing the lane.

What a whorish mouth, groaned the father. He jerked the van back over, struggling to pay attention to the road as his dick ached in her ear, wet depths. The slut sucked and bobbed. His cock brushed the back of her throat.

You can take more his cock than that, hissed Joy. Deep-throat the father. Satiate him, slut.

Yes, groaned Donna, her voice thick with passion. Swallow his cock. You have to please him with your whorish mouth.

Samantha moaned her agreement, her passion humming around the priest's dick.

Father Augustine's head arched back as his slut swallowed his dick, the tip popping into her throat. The priest squeezed hard on the steering wheel as his balls boiled to a hot froth. The van's tires buzzed over the stripes set on the highway's shoulder. He had drifted left. He jerked the wheel. The pleasure tensed his body.

Hallelujah!

Cum exploded out of his cock right down the whore's throat. He groaned through grit teeth, the van drifting right then back left. The pleasure burst through him with every blast of his cum until every drop was sucked from his cock.

Samantha's mouth popped off his cock. I did it, she moaned, her eye squeezing shut, her cheeks flushed. Yes, yes, Joy, I did it.

Now you get to cum, slut, purred Joy.

The sluts kissed as Samantha orgasmed. She moaned into Joy's lips. Samantha shivered and her back arched. She broke the kiss, tossing back her head to scream out her pleasure. Her voice echoed through the van.

Father Augustine planted, his body buzzing with bliss as he focused on the road. Chicago's downtown approached, looked over by Faust Tower. It dominated the Chicago skyline, rising taller than Willis Tower.

The feminine voice whispered. Damien and Abigail would come to the tower. He had to start his mission from there. Faust was in danger. It was his holy mission to protect it. I'll protect Faust and cleanse the world of Damien and Abigail.

The feminine voice laughed. And Britney shall be your reward. Mother and daughter writhing together for your pleasure.

Amen, groaned Father Augustine, a feverish edge to his words.

His holy warriors dressed as he drove through the sleeping streets of downtown Chicago. No homeless lurked in the alleys, or thugs prowled the night within blocks of Faust Tower. A preternatural stillness gripped the city.

Father Augustine's instincts twinged. Something had driven away the homeless and the criminals. Not the cops. They rarely could be this effective. Fear laced the air. The priest's forehead furrowed.

The feminine voice soothed away his concerns. Do not worry. Just follow my commands, and I shall continue to bless you. 

I will.

Will what, Father? asked Donna.

Protect Faust and follow our holy mission.

Amen, breathed Samantha.

The feminine voice's whispered instructions guided Father Augustine. He turned into the parking garage's entrance, driving down a ramp to a heavy, metal gate blocking the entrance. Electric engines whirled and the gate rose, the metal clinking. The priest drove into the garage, lit by harsh yellows, while the gate dropped down behind them. He drove the van through the near empty garage. 

Three men waited by the elevator. A limousine was parked nearby. Augustine pulled into the nearest parking spot and examined the three men. All were fit, strong men, trained and carrying handguns beneath their suit jackets. One was Black, the other two White.

Be on guard, Augustine said.

We will, Father, answered Joy, her voice cold, calm. In the rear view mirror, Augustine observed the subtle change cross over each woman. The communion he had given them strengthened their bodies and sharpened their reflexes.

Father Augustine climbed out and faced the men. The van's side door rasped open and then closed. His women appeared surrounding the priest as his guard. The men at the elevator tensed, recognizing the danger the women presented.

Faust is expecting you, a guard said in a Texan twang. You must be something special to get him to leave a party early.

I'm here to protect him, Father Augustine answered.

The blond guard snorted. In a German accent he said, We protect the boss.

Not from the threat that faces him. I know how to fight and kill vampires.

So do we, rumbled the Black man.

Faust wants to see 'em, the Texan said with a shrug. Ain't really matter beyond that.

The Black man grunted then hit the call button on the elevator. He motioned inside. Let's go. Faust's waiting.

Father Augustine and his whores stepped into the elevator. The three men followed and hit the 112th floor. The top floor. Augustine wasn't surprised that one of the richest and most powerful man in the world had his office all the way at the top of the tallest building in America.

The elevator ride was long and quiet save for the tinkling of inoffensive lounge music. Father Augustine trembled with ecstatic energy. The feminine voice crooned while her presence slid through him. He was possessed. The Holy Ghost had fallen upon him like the saints of old, choosing him for a divine mission. His eyes slid down, staring at the asses of his whores. 

His rewards for service were a delight to his eyes. His cock stiffened, anticipating one of his sweet whores' holes. Britney's cunt. What a sweet delight it will be to watch mother lick my seed from her slattern daughter's cunt.

The elevator doors opened.

Signs in the lobby pointed right for the public observation deck and restaurant. To the left was a set of double doors made of rich mahogany and locked by a card key entry system. The German produced a card key, swiped it, and the doors slid open on silent actuators. The doors were thick, the mahogany hiding reinforced steel. Beyond lay a spacious and well-furnished reception area, Faust's executive assistant's desk empty at this early hour. A set of frosted, glass doors had Faust Crespo, CEO written in gold lettering.

The German led Augustine and his women across the room to the glass doors. The other two bodyguards brought up the rear. The ecstatic tremble of the feminine voice shook the priest. He drew in a deep breath, eager to meet the reclusive billionaire who was said to suffer from porphyria and could not expose his skin to sunlight.

The doors opened. Faust stood at the large windows, looking out at the slumbering city of Chicago. He was a tall man with a powerful presence. He turned, dressed in a tailored, black, Italian suit and blood-red tie, a glass held in his hand. A red, thick liquid brimmed in it.

Shock hit Augustine as Faust drank not a rich, red wine but blood. Vampire.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The demon Jezebel had prepared for this moment. Father Augustine hadn't accepted the truth of his situation. He would. Remember the rewards. He has to be protected, and the rewards will be so worth it. Young, hot cunt on your dick. Busty MILFs sucking on your cock behind their husbands' backs. You just have to have faith in me. Relax.

But...

She flooded his mind with fantasies of mother and daughter sixty-nining, licking his cum out of each other's taboo cunts. This will be yours. Trust me. Serve me, and you shall experience delights only the most perverse could imagine.

Lust flooded the priest. He wanted that perverse delight. His corruption outweighed his conscience. Yes. I will do anything for that.

Good. Now let me speak to Faust.

The priest didn't fight as she seized control of his body. Her full possession wouldn't last long. Augustine was too much of a free agent for that. But, it would be enough for her to speak directly to her client and warn him of the danger. As she took control, the priest's posture shifted and changed as her feminine demeanor took over. His hip cocked to the right and a sultry smile crossed his grizzled lips.

Well, you are still doing well for yourself, Faust, Jezebel purred through the priest's baritone. She strode from the priest's sluts. They gasped and whispered awed prayers, no doubt believing the Holy Ghost had possessed their priest.

Useful idiots.

Yes, our bargain has been more than satisfactory. He held up his glass of blood to her.

Jezebel shook her head. It would only make my host vomit when I released control.

Yes, yes, humans and their petty, biological reactions.

You were one of those humans once. Jezebel placed the priest's hand on Faust's shoulder. Mmm, what a gorgeous boy you had been.

Are you here just to reminisce? My next tribute isn't due for a year.

There is a threat brewing. Heaven has found a way to strike at you.

So there are holes in our agreement. Faust took another sip of his blood. It stained his lips. Why am I not surprised.

And that's why I have tainted this priest and recruited whores for him. He shall defeat the threat for you.

You've made the women into familiars? Faust arched an eyebrow. And Heaven let you get away with that?

An angel was naughty. She broke the rules and gifted me a large intercession. I used it well. Though Father Augustine would still have protected you without it. He knows the threat facing you.

Faust eyes narrowed. I planned on killing the good father. I guess that's out of the question.

Definitely. He's your new ally.

So, what is this threat? Has a host of Knights Venator been dispatched with an angel leading the van?

A pair of vampires.

That's it. Dante, Joe, and Karl can handle them. He motioned to the three guards. They're thralls. Strong, quick, and trained.

And these vampires are former hunters.

Faust's eyebrows narrowed. Who are these Hunters? And how did Heaven stomach using a pair of vampires, even if they were fallen agents?

Damien and Abigail D'Angelo. Some of the best. As vampires, they'll deci

Faust burst into laughter. Jezebel seethed at the mocking tone. Anger flared through her and into Father Augustine's body. The priest clenched his fist and straightened his back. He almost burst out of her control.

Why are you laughing, Faust?

I have already killed Damien, and Abigail is my thrall. I turned her.

Jezebel hissed. You went after a pair of hunters?

Hunters that killed so many of my beautiful children. Starting with Vincent. Faust face twisted. So I baited a trap for Abigail, turned her, and sent her home. She turned her husband and bound him for me. I cuckold Damien over and over then left him bound for the sun to finish off. He died at dawn.

He did not. Jezebel struggled to control he anger. That was the angelic intercession I felt. That bitch Aurora kept him alive. Damien fed and turned in his house. Girls seen after dawn went missing in there. He's here in Chicago, and he'll be out for blood.

I...see. Faust's jaw twitched.

No, you don't. That's how Heaven found their opportunity. You involved yourself in mortal's lives. Damien and Abigail are free to seek vengeance against a vampire that attacked them without receiving Heaven's instructions. It bypassed my protection. You created this mess.

Well, I still have Abigail.

Good. Where?

I left her at a party. She is being...punished. A smile crossed his lips. I let the humans fuck her and degrade her. Then she'll have to spend the day in that mansion, lurking from the sun while drenched in their cum. It's a very open place with lots of windows. She will have to work hard not to die. I have cameras set up to watch. I have been looking forward to it

You need her under your direct control.

Faust nodded. Yes, yes. If Damien has any vestiges of his old self left, she can be used against him.

The doors opened. A tall, female vampiress walked in wearing a tight, black skirt and low-cut blouse. She was pale and lovely, her heels clicked as she crossed the floor. She moved with the grace of a hungry predator.

Lynette, the sun will rise soon, Faust said. What are you doing here? He glanced at Jezebel. My secretary. Vincent sired her. His first child. He turned her just after she became eighteen, preserving her beauty.

Sir, the security company at the mansion just phoned us, Lynette said. Their alarms went off. None of the guards are answering.

Faust's lips tightened. Have you tried to call over there?

No one is answering, not even Trenton and Al.

Damien, cursed Jezebel. Her control over the priest slipped. Expect him to know a way of severing your control over Abigail.

Faust turned to the window. The horizon lightened as dawn approached. He will not be coming in the daytime. Your priest must find his lair and kill him before nightfall.

He will, Jezebel said and then her control slipped away.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Abigail laughed as the SUV roared off. Bloodlust and excitement burned through the vampiress. She was free of Faust, reunited with her husband, and violence was in the air. She glanced at the mansion. Every human that had abused her was dead, killed by Damien's harem.

Her husband had been busy in the twenty-four hours since they had parted.

Abigail squeezed her thighs together. They were sticky with Damien's cum and her pussy juices. She sat naked on the seat. She leaned back and rolled down the window, thrusting her foot outside, letting the wind roll over her toes and down her leg to caress her naked pussy.

She delighted in the sensation.

Damien's eyes glanced over at her as he drove. She shuddered and her nipples hardened beneath his gaze. His nostrils flared as he scented her excitement. Everything was enhanced as a vampiresmells, touches, tastes, sex, violence.

Do you hear those sirens? Damien asked. They're coming for us.

Innocent mortals, Sir, Aurora said from the back. The corrupted angel's body was splattered in blood of the mortals she butchered inside.

Yes, yes, Damien said. We'll try not to kill them.

Try, pouted Abigail.

We're still Knights Venator. We'll protect the humans. We just don't have to worry about...collateral any longer.

And what if I'm hungry?

No one begrudges the shepherd taking a lamb from the flock to feed his family.

Abigail shuddered and licked her lips. Ooh, yes. Family. Is that what we have here? She glanced at the angel and the two vampiresses in the back. Mary's black dress was soaked in blood and Rosa's golden-brown body was smeared in it. Abigail scented dozens of different humans blood on them. Are we a family?

We're whatever Sire wants to call us, answered Rosa.

We're a kinky family, giggled Mary. Mmm, especially with Britney and Vickie. Blood and milk, Miss Abigail, that's a wonderful combination. Wait until you try it.

I can't wait.

My feisty redhead, grinned Damien.

Ahead, the first patrol car appeared.

Lights flared as the cop car tuned sideways to block the street and slow their approach. Abigail's sharp gaze let her see across the distance and peer into the car. She caught the officers gaze and a thought popped into her head.

Can I mesmerize him from here?

She concentrated and sent out will. Move. The one word focused in her mind as she held the cops gaze. The cop car accelerated forward. Smoke squealed from the tires as they peeled out. The car lurched over the curb and smashed into a wrought iron fences.

Mesmerizing gaze? Damien asked.

She nodded. You?

Telekinesis.

Abigail laughed, her toes curling as the dangled out the window. She shoved her hands between her thighs and rubbed at her wet cunt. Show me what you can do on the next cop, dear.

Abigail dug her fingers into her pussy. Pleasure shuddered through her. She was free of morality and all that bullshit. She would hunt other monsters because it was exciting. It made her heart beat and her cunt wet. Her pussy clenched on her fingers as the next Chicago P.D. car roared around the corner.

Force hollowed out from the car, unseen save for the disturbance it caused in the air. The force slammed into the front, left fender of the turning car. Metal crunched and rubber squealed as the cop car lurched to the side. It's rear end fishtailed around. Damien cut the wheel hard to the right and swerved around the crashing cop car. 

Mary whooped in the back. Sire kicked his ass just by looking at him.

Uh-huh, moaned Abigail. She loved the wet, juicy squish her fingers made as they fucked deeper into her cunt. She had three and slipped in a fourth, savoring her cunt stretching open. How hard was that to do?

Hard, Damien growled. I hear more sirens. From up ahead.

What can you do, Rosa? Abigail asked.

Not sure. I can kill. She glanced at the horizon. Abigail followed Rosa's gaze. It lightened. More excitement poured into Abigail. Sun's coming, Sire. I bet it will be spectacular when it rises.

We'll make it to safety, Abigail moaned, her pleasure building.

Maybe. Damien turned the SUV hard and punched the accelerator.

I can hear the cop car coming, Sire, Mary purred. Want me to take care of the next one?

Yes, Damien growled. He glanced right and left as he barreled through an intersection. A car honked a horn and tires squealed.

Go fuck them up, you slut, Abigail moaned, her pleasure building. Mmm, you were the biggest slut at our church.

The absolute biggest, Mary agreed as she opened the door.

Abigail ground the heel of her hand on her clit and her eyes fluttered. Death lurked less than thirty minutes away. She was dead, but she felt so alive. Her blood screamed through her veins. She groaned as her pussy clenched on her fingers.

Mary leaped from the SUV. She landed beside it at a dead run. She kept pace with the SUV. Mary made keeping up with the racing SUV look like a light jog. She practically skipped, her blood-matted, black hair flying behind her. Abigail groaned at the sight of the vampiress.

Covered in blood. How gorgeous.

Damien glanced at Mary. Yes, she is.

Hurry back, slut, Abigail moaned. I want to lick some of that blood from your body.

Mary laughed and then she darted ahead as a blur. Strobing lights flashed ahead as another cop car approached. Mary's streak slammed into the cop car. Even with Abigail's enhanced vision, she couldn't be sure how the vampiress hit the car. But at the speed Mary ran, the impact was spectacular. The front fender crumbled and the hood bulged. The car spun in circles as it screeched through the intersection and crashed into a traffic light.

The metal pole fell. Damien pressed the accelerator to the floor and blazed through the intersection. It crashed behind them in a burst of sparks.

Nice, Rosa laughed. She's a cannonball.

A smart use of force, agreed Aurora.

Wow, I impressed the angel. Mary had returned and ran beside the car just outside Abigail's window.

Aurora, a chopper's approaching, Damien said. Mary, get your ass in here. My wife wants to lick blood off of you.

Yes, Mary moaned and pivoted. She grabbed the roof and swung her legs through the open window. Her body twisted and she landed on Abigail's lap. Hi. I fucked your husband. Several times.

You naughty slut, laughed Abigail.

The angel's wings flapped as she soared from the open door. Rosa slammed it shut while Abigail licked up the drying blood covering Mary's cleavage. Abigail savored the flavor of five different humans mixed together.

She licked again, her tongue leaving swaths of pale flesh uncovered amid the crimson paint. The salty, coppery flavor burst inside Abigail's mouth. Her pussy clenched on her fingers and an orgasm exploded through her.

Abigail sank her teeth into Mary's breasts, sampling the vampiress's blood. Mary shuddered on Abigail's lap. Fresh and drying blood mixed in Abigail's mouth. She licked up both as the pleasure rushed through her body. She ripped open Mary's blouse, her pink nipples, untouched by blood, spilled out. 

Abigail bit and sucked. She groaned around the nipple as her pleasure crashed through her body. Mary gasped and squirmed. The younger vampiress ground her wet pussy into Abigail's armed pinned between their bodies. The juices trickled down to Abigail's fingers plunging in and out of her pussy.

Yes, yes. Sire, you have such a wicked wife.

I know, he grinned. His hand reached over and squeezed Abigail's thigh. Enjoy the slut, hun?

Oh, I plan on enjoying all your sluts, purred Abigail. She licked up more blood on her way to Mary's neck. Abigail bit again, drinking more of the vampiress's blood. There was an exciting tang to it. The blood didn't feed Abigail's hunger, not like a human's, but it was still intimate and dark. 

Abigail, sighed Mary. That's nice. Ooh, yes. I'm going to cum. Keep sucking my blood.

I have no one to make me cum, pouted Rosa.

In the air above, an engine wined. The thwop of the helicopter blades slowed. Abigail pulled her lips away to watch the police chopper descended, smoke billowing from the engine cowling. It wasn't crashing, but auto-rotating down. A moment later, the roof of the SUV groaned as Aurora landed. The angel swung into the car through an open window.

I ripped out the gear box, Aurora answered. They should be able to land fine.

You didn't kill them? pouted Rosa.

Not everyone has to die.

It's more fun when they do, though, Rosa moaned. Mmm, Aurora, you have a delicious mouth. I bet you would love to lick my pussy.

I think we're clear, Damien said. The sirens are roaring behind us. It sounds like they're moving away.

Fifteen minutes to sunrise, Mary purred. How close are we?

Ten minutes. And morning traffic's starting.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aurora the Corrupted Angel licked her lips as Rosa's naked, blood-drenched body spread out on the roomy back seat. Her legs spread. The Hispanic vampiress's flushed vulva split apart, revealing her pink, juicy depths. 

Devour me, Rosa moaned.

Aurora had never licked a pussy before. Homosexuality was a grave sin in Heaven. She had angelic lovers before, but always male. Now she hungered for the forbidden. Her hands reached out while her wings flapped behind her. She smeared the blood down Rosa's thighs as the angel reached for the vampiress's pussy.

Yes, work that blood into my cunt so you can lick it out, groaned Rosa.

Aurora didn't hunger for blood, but sexual fluids. And Rosa's cunt brimmed with them. Aurora leaned down and pressed her face into Rosa's pussy. She licked the tart juices and coppery blood up, her angelic wings rustling.

Ooh, Angel sex, purred Mary from the front seat.

Hot, nasty, lesbian angel sex, groaned Rosa, squeezing her blood-stained tits.

Get your mouth on my cock, slut, growled Damien.

Yes, Sire.

As Mary sucked noisily on Damien's cock, with wicked commentary from Abigail, Aurora delved her tongue into Rosa's silky depths. The angel reveled in her first time with a woman. She let her tongue lick through all the delicate folds. Her fingers spread Rosa's labia wide apart so the angel could gaze at the pink depths before she nuzzled and explored.

Lord, I'm going to devour this cunt. Aurora leaned in and licked.

She loved it. Her tongue licked up the blood diluted into the pussy. A pink froth that melted on her mouth and made her own cunt clench. Rosa moaned and undulated her hips, grinding against Aurora's licking mouth.

That's it, angel slut, love my cunt. Mmm, yes. That's what you want. What you need. You're an angel slut looking to lick my pussy until I cum.

The car turned and slowed. Aurora shifted on the seat and grasped Rosa to keep from falling off. She never stopped licking. The car rocked as it drove onto the sidewalk. Metal crunched and someone screamed outside.

Aurora didn't care what sort of reckless tactics Damien used to get them back to the club. Sunlight would kill the vampires. It might even kill her. Aurora understood so little about what had happened to her. 

An angel had never been fed upon by a vampire before. She was something new.

And she hungered for all manner of sex. She lusted for it. She had to experience it. Enjoy it. She pressed her lips tighter into Rosa's cunt. She licked and tongued her twat, gathering up all the juices while the vampiress moaned her delight.

Sun's getting closer, Abigail purred. Ooh, we might die together. You'll have a woman's mouth on your cock when you die.

Damien laughed. Maybe. Or maybe we'll make it. That'll piss off the sun.

Yes, yes, yes, Rosa moaned. The beautiful sun. The horizon's getting so bright. I want to see it.

Is she a daywalker? Abigail asked.

Maybe, Rosa moaned. Oh, yes. I don't know if the sun will harm me, but I do know I'm going to cum if this angel-slut keeps licking me. Oh, yes, yes, yes. Make me explode. If I die, I want to die cumming on your sweet lips.

Yes, panted Abigail.

Mary sucked harder on Damien's cock, slurping loud. Aurora matched the vampiress's enthusiasm, licking and nuzzling at Rosa's flesh, drinking up all the vampiress's excitement as it poured out of her cunt right into Aurora's hungry mouth. 

The SUV turned again. Damien laid on the car horn. You could never tell he had his cock in Mary's mouth the way he drove with reckless skill. Aurora wanted to watch, but then she would have to stop devouring Rosa's snatch and feasting on her juices.

Rosa bucked into the angel's licking mouth. Aurora could feel the pleasure swelling in the vampiress's depths, a growing tide which would soon consume Rosa with bliss. Aurora yearned for that explosion. She burned to drink the sexual energy and fluids gushing out of Rosa's cunt.

The angel smeared blood on her fingers before working them between Rosa's butt-cheeks. She found the vampiress's puckered sphincter and thrust, the blood lubing the way. Rosa's tight bowels clenched on the angel's fingers.

You wicked angel, gasped Rosa, her bowels clenching on Aurora's proving fingers. The vampiress pulled hard on her nipples, stretching out the brown nubs. Her head tossed back. You're such an angel-slut.

Cum, god-damn you, hissed Aurora before latching her hungry lips on Rosa's clit.

Aurora bit the sensitive nub. The pleasure sparked an explosion inside the vampiress.

You fucking angel-slut. Fuck, yes. You whore. Damn, you know how to devour hot cunt.

Aurora didn't answer. The angel's wings flapped as she drank the gushing, tart juices pouring out of Rosa's cunt. The angel devoured them, the sexual energy replacing what she expended in the fight. The juices drenched her face.

So wonderful. Lord, I could bathe in cunt cream and jizz.

Aurora's own orgasm burst through her cunt.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Britney Lawson rolled black paint over the windows of the loft. It was thick paint, used for coating a house's exterior. She and Vickie worked fast, sliding their rollers through the paint and coating the windows.

They started on the eastern wall, and now she was on the north while Vickie painted the south. There were so many windows. They had worked without break since their master left to save Abigail. Britney's back ached and sweat dripped from her body. Fatigue burned in her limbs.

She ignored the pain. She would keep working. She had to make the loft safe for her master and his vampiresses. Britney was a thrall. She lived to obey and serve the vampire that had transformed her virgin body. She was more than human, blessed with more stamina and swift recovery. She replenished lost blood swiftly and her breasts constantly lactated.

They were full of milk, another ache she had to ignore.

Where are they? Vickie asked. The horizon's getting bright.

Master is coming. He'll be here. Britney rolled her brush through the black paint and went to work on the next window. He's awesome, you know. I mean, even as a human. Him and Abigail both. So just keep painting. Leave the worrying to Master. We have our job to do.

Right, Vickie nodded. The African-American bent down and poured more paint into her tray. I'm glad I followed him out of the convenient store. Being fed on is so exciting.

Britney's pussy clenched. Yes, it is. So we need to keep working if we want our vampires to feed on is again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Damien erupted into Mary's sucking mouth as he barreled through downtown. He sent out his telekinesis and knocked over a traffic light, blocking the one-way street crossing ahead. He droved the SUV onto the sidewalk then barreled through the intersection.

Dawn was only minutes away. The horizon was bright. His heart beat with excitement as they flirted with death. Would they make it? Damien did not know. He reached out and took Abigail's hand.

If we die, we'll burn together.

Abigail squeezed his had back. She gazed intently ahead. At the next intersection, cross traffic had a green light. A car just entering the intersection jerked hard left and crashed into a truck in the next lane, blocking traffic.

Go, she grinned, her eyes alive and hypnotic.

Damien gunned through the intersection. My wife is amazing!

There it is, squealed Mary, the vampiress bouncing as she knelt between Damien and Abigail's seats. We're close.

So's the dawn, Damien growled.

His heart hammered. At any moment the sun's rays would pop over the horizon. The light grew brighter in the rear view mirror. The brick building that houses the club Risqu on the first floor loomed. The windows on the second, the loft apartment he occupied, were blackened.

It's coming, Rosa moaned, to free me. I can walk in the lights. The rays won't hurt me.

Just the rest of us, Damien snarled.

Sorry, Sire. I can't stop that.

Damien cut the wheel hard, turning into the alleyway. Tires squealed. Golden light flared down the road as he drove into the building's shadow. Behind him, dawn's light painted the road. He slammed on the brakes and the SUV screeched to a halt.

Damien laughed. They had done it. They made it back to the loft. The sun could not touch them in the buildings shadows. Abigail leaned over and kissed him hard on the lips. Her fangs bit him, his blood staining their kiss, sharing his life force.

Abigail broke the kiss. Damien, you drove like a maniac. I loved it. Let's get inside and fuck. I'm so horny. Damn, you make driving sexy.

Damien's dick throbbed. I have a surprise for you.

What?

Vickie. She still has her cherry. Damien leaned over. She's waiting to be plucked.

Abigail shuddered. After we dispose of your SUV. Leaving it parked here won't work. The cop's will find it. And you know who they'll be answering to.

Damien smiled. Nothing had really changed with Abigail. His wife was still in there, remembering her operational security. If the sun wasn't coming up, it would have been a mistake to even drive the SUV straight here.

But living trumped that concern.

Rosa, go upstairs, gather your clothing, and drive the SUV to near your apartment. Dump it. Shower, get ready for work. I want you showing up at your realty office. I don't want anyone connecting your midnight meeting lat night to me.

Yes, Sire, Rosa said, her face tightening.

And no feeding, Abigail added.

Do I follow her orders, Sire?

Yes. No feeding. No drawing attention to us. You're a daywalker. Lucky you. Damien grinned at her. When you get off work, return here. We'll begin planning Faust's death.

Abigail moaned, Yes.

They piled out of the SUV. Sunlight blanketed both ends of the alley, a prison of purity that would keep them trapped. Damien only hoped Britney and Vickie's paint job was thorough. An errant shaft of light peaking through could kill one of them.

Abigail joined him, striding with naked confidence. Damien scooped her up in his arms. She was even lighter with his enhanced strength. They had been both reborn, given new lives, and it felt right to carry his vampiric bride across the threshold.

She squirmed in his arms and smiled at him, her red hair dangling from her head. He would never again get to see the sunlight burnishing her hair. 

The door opened before Damien reached it. A naked Britney, milk leaking from her breasts and paint staining her hands and face, beamed at them. You saved her, Master.

We're so happy, Vickie said. She also had paint staining her chocolate-brown skin. She knelt naked by several mattresses. Vickie looked up from smoothing out black sheets on the mattresses and smiled. There were no other furnishings in the loft.

My eyes flicked across the windows. They were all painted black. None had any gaps. Damien set down Abigail. You did good, Thralls. He stared at Vickie. The sweet scent of her virgin blood beckoned. Very good.

Mistress, gasped Britney as Abigail seized her big tits. The vampiress squeezed and milk squirted out, adorning Abigail's round breasts and dusky nipples. A moment later, Abigail bent down and bit into Britney's areola, nursing milk and blood at the same time. Yes, yes, Mistress. Mmm, that's wonderful. I'm so glad he saved you.

Mmm, and I'm so glad Damien claimed you, Abigail purred. I saw your hot eyes on my husband before. Being claimed by him must have been your dreams come alive.

Mostly, smiled Britney. They didn't include him feeding on me. But the sex...better than I could imagine.

Damien strolled to Vickie. She smiled. Is it time to claim me, Master? I can feel your need.

Abigail suckled again, purring in delight. Damien watched his wife nurse, savoring the mix of blood and milk scenting the air. Vickie went to work on stripping his clothing. She cooed in delight as she unveiled his muscular body. Her fingers were so much warmer than his flesh, almost burning his sensitive skin.

He savored it. His dick throbbed hard.

I'm so ready to be claimed by you, Master, Vickie moaned as she knelt to unlace his boots.

Britney shuddered. Mary watched, already naked and fingering her snatch. Abigail hefted Britney's other tit. Mary swooped in, latching on and making the blonde thrall moan in pure delight. Her head tossed back and she shivered and gasped.

Vickie pulled off his boots then removed his black fatigues. His cock came out. Her hands grasped it. She stroked his shaft and swallowed the tip. His body absorbed her heat as she sucked, his balls aching.

Mmm, I can smell my husband's precum, Abigail purred, milk and blood staining her lips. So, that's the little virgin slut.

Yes, Damien grinned.

His vampiress strolled to him, leaving Britney and Mary to enjoy each other. Rosa strolled out, a pout on her lips while Aurora lounged on a windowsill, watching and savoring. Her fingers rubbed at her pussy.

Abigail reached Damien. Her fingers ran through dark-black hair. They tightened and held Vickie's mouth on Damien's cock. The virgin sucked harder, her tongue swirling about the crown of his cock. Damien groaned as he stared into his wife's green eyes.

We need to feast on her body first, moaned Abigail. You need to replenish your energy.

Abigail was not gentle as she ripped Vickie's mouth from Damien's cock. The virgin thrall moaned in delight as she was thrown down onto the mattress. Her legs spread wide. Abigail fell between then and bit into her inner thigh. Blood spurted about Abigail's lips. She lifted her face.

Feed, she commanded.

Damien smiled. Always mothering me.

If I didn't take care of you, who would?

Damien knelt down between his thrall's thighs. Her blood pumped out of the her thigh, trickling down her legs to her pussy. The blood mixed with her tangy excitement. Damien lowered his head and licked from her wound to her pussy, savoring the mix of blood and cunt.

Oh, yes, Master, sighed the virgin as his tongue licked at her hymen.

Abigail leaned over and sank her fangs into Vickie's tit. The virgin shuddered and bucked as both vampires fed off of her. Abigail moaned as she drank the blood flowing out of Vickie's tit. Damien nipped and bit around Vickie's vulva, welling more blood to mix with her pussy juices.

He devoured the virgin. Damien licked through her folds, gathering up the blood and pussy juices. His body craved the blood. His thrall gave up her life force, she shared it with him. And it was so sweet. He almost didn't want to pop her cherry.

But he craved to defile her cunt and soil her purity.

He bit into her vulva again. The blood pooling in her sex, engorging her flesh with her excitement, pumped into his mouth. Then he nuzzled into her snatch, licking through her folds and gathering up the tangy pussy juices. He savored both together before swallowing. Her cunt became a pink froth as she moaned and humped into his mouth.

Master, she gasped. Oh, yes, Master. Devour me. Feed from me. It's my gift to you. I love you, Master.

Mmm, what a sweet creature, Abigail moaned. She bit her way down the slope of Vickie's tit, leaving small, welling wounds beading with crimson. The Vampiress reached Vickie's neck and bit.

Yes, Vickie shuddered as Abigail drank deep from the flood.

Vickie spasmed. The ecstasy of the vampires' bites and the pleasure of Damien's tongue licking her pussy crashed together. She bucked on the mattress as her orgasm burst through her. She gasped and shuddered, her hot juices flooding into Damien's hungry mouth.

Damien drank them down, spiced by her blood. He loved her moans and cries. His dick ached so hard. He was ready to fuck her. He had feasted, satiating one hunger. He had another that craved her innocent flesh.

Damien rose and seized her hips. Time to lose that innocence, slut.

Yes, take me, Master. 

Abigail rose, her cheeks bulging as she held a mouthful of blood. It sheeted down her chin and neck to her pale breasts and stained her dusky nipples. The blood glistened as she straddled Vickie's face and ground her pussy on the thrall's mouth.

Vickie didn't hesitate. She tongued through Abigail's cunt. Damien smiled and leaned over his thrall as he rubbed his dick against her bloody pussy. Abigail seized his head and pulled Damien in for a kiss. 

They shared the thrall's sweet blood as Damien thrust.

The blood poured down his throat. He groaned into his wife's coppery kiss as his dick slammed through Vickie's hymen. The virgin's moans were muffled as she thrashed and shuddered beneath the two vampires, her pussy stretching around Damien's girth.

He savored defiling her. He had corrupted almost all his women. Her cunt clenched down on his dick. Her bloody thighs gripped his hip, smearing her life against his body. She humped against him, her body craving more delights.

Fuck the slut, moaned Abigail when she broke the kiss. Cum in her untouched depths.

Damien fucked Vickie hard. He slammed his dick into the depths of her pussy. She could take it. She was a thrall. Already, the oozing bites decorating her breasts faded, leaving only the drying blood behind.

Fuck her, Abigail hissed. Every time you slam into her cunt, she moans into my pussy.

You better make her cum hard, slut, Damien ordered. Make my wife howl.

Abigail's eyes rolled in her head. She smiled. Mmm, yes, that's it, whore. Dig my tongue right through my pussy. I haven't felt a woman's mouth tongue me since Lynette.

Damien almost stopped thrusting. What?

Once, she groaned. Before we really were dating. Oh, yes, lick me like Lynette did. She made me cum so hard, but it scared me. I didn't want to think I was into girls, not when I was hot for you, Damien.

Damien thrust hard again, picturing his wife and her best friend in high school writhing together. Lynette had been a beautiful creature before Vincent turned her into a vampiress, but she disappeared in the aftermath of his death. Abigail had hunted for her friend but never found a trace of Lynette

Damn, I wish I had seen that, groaned Damien. 

I bet you would have liked the both of us in your bed, gasped Abigail. Ooh, the old me would never have done that. I never wanted another woman to enjoy that cock.

Fuck, Damien growled. I'm going to watch you make love to all my women.

Over and over. Abigail arched her back. Yes, yes, you fucking slut. Lick my twat. Oh, yes.

Cum, Damien growled.

Her fingernails bit into his shoulders as she thrashed on Vickie's mouth. Her blood-stained tits heaved and her moans echoed through the loft. Vickie shuddered and drank down Abigail's tart juices. Damien drank in the sight of his orgasming wife.

Such a radiant beauty.

Cum in the slut, gasped Abigail as she writhed. Her fingernails dug deeper into his flesh. His blood trickled. The pain shot down to his dick, building the pressure.

He fucked Vickie hard, savoring her tight embrace. Her heat burned through his cock. His balls tightened. The vampire snarled as he grew closer and closer to cumming. Abigail bucked a final time, then smiled as her orgasm passed. She leaned against him, pressing her sticky tits to his chest. Her lips found his ear.

Cum in the slut. She wants it. She needs it. Give it to her.

Abigail's tongue licked his ear.

Damien hugged his wife tight as he thrust into his thrall. His balls erupted. His cum pumped into Vickie's virgin depths. The pleasure boiled through him as he held his wife. He had won her back from Faust.

And now he would kill that bastard.

Vickie gasped and moaned, her pussy milking the cum from his cock as she came. Damien savored the bliss and sank his teeth into Abigail's neck. The flood of her blood made his final blast of cum shoot rapture through his body.

We'll kill him together, Abigail promised with a low whisper as he was gripped by his orgasm.

Yes, he growled.

To be continued...