I had always been a foot and leg lover for as far back as I can remember. My first sexual experience with women's feet was at the age of 15 but this story is not about that time. THIS story is about the first time I actually had consensual sex with a woman's feet. I was stationed in Germany at the time as an enlisted soldier. I had one more year left till I retired at the age of 39 as a SFC. I joined at the age of 18 fresh out of High School ready to see the world. I had always wanted to visit Germany and got my opportunity via the Army. The Berlin wall was still standing and communism was still considered a viable threat. It was an exciting time in my life in more ways than one. I was looking forward to getting out and had a few good job opportunities lined up stateside.
I met Sue at one of the popular German/American beer festivals that are held on the American installations and specifically designed to increase German American relations. They did do that quite effectively. I was there alone and had been enjoying myself for several hours listening to the "Oompa" band and drinking the excellent German beer. I had only been in country for 3 months so after my second stein of beer I had a good buzz going. Anybody who has been to Germany and drank the beer knows that one German beer is equivalent to 3 or 4 American beers.
While waiting in the beer line to order my third beer I felt a tug on my shirtsleeve. There standing beside me was a beautiful blonde.
She looked up at me and smiled saying, "Hi, can you do me a favor and grab me a Hofbau beer." She handed me 4 Marks and 50 Pfennigs in German money.
Upon closer inspection I noticed she was wearing skintight shorts. She had legs that did not quit. She wore sandals and I saw that her toenails were painted pink.
I said, "sure no problem."
After purchasing our beers we headed back to the table and sat down to drink and talk. I found out she was 18 and a dependant. Her father was a full bird Colonel in the Army. She was finishing her last year of high school and was on her way to college in the fall. She was sitting so close to me and by the way she conducted herself I could tell she was just as drunk as I was. As we talked through the night and got to know each other better I could tell she was attracted to me. I could not help but stare longingly at her legs and toes and it must have been obvious to her. She grabbed my hand and placed it on her smooth thigh. When she did this I immediately became more aroused. She smiled at me as I gently began to stroke her thigh. I felt my cock bulging in my shorts uncomfortably and made an attempt to adjust it with my other hand. She saw me do this and threw her left leg over my right so that it hung between my legs. The upper part of her leg pressed heavily against my straining cock. I could not believe this young fresh 18 year old was coming on to me. Almost 40 years old I was no spring chicken. I prided myself in keeping my body in relative good shape but it still surprised me.
It was at this point I saw that she had removed her sandals sometime during our conversation. The sight of her bare foot dangling between my legs was exciting. She wiggled her toes in rhythm to the music of the band. I continued to stare at her leg and foot in such an obvious fashion I hoped that she would notice. Being older I was not into playing games anymore and felt that if anything was going to happen I was going to let my intentions known. If not then no big deal at least I knew I took a chance. After a few minutes it did not take long for her notice and she asked, " So you like what you see. "
I responded, " You have very sexy feet. Your toes are magnificent. "
She laughed saying, " So you like them that much huh. Well I can feel by the rock in your shorts that it shows."
I started to feel myself getting physically hot. I reached down and began to run my hand down her calf and to her ankle.
She responded with, "mmmmm, that feels good." And proceeded to move her leg up and down against my bulging cock.
Then she told me, "It does not take a genius to figure out what you would like."
It was at that time I realized that I had been rubbing her leg and staring at her foot for some time now and looked over to her asking, "Oh, and what might that be."
She grabbed my hand and stood up leading me out of the beer tent carrying her sandals in her other hand.
Sue lead me behind the roller skating rink where it was semi-dark. The area there was full of hedges approximately six to seven feet tall underneath a canopy of trees. I followed her into an eight-foot wide path running between the wall and the hedges. Halfway down the back of the building we walked through a door into a small room.
As we walked in Sue locked the door behind us and turned on the light saying, "I work the concession stand in this rink on weekends and at night. I leave this room in the back open and come here when I want to be alone. It is convenient when I have a boyfriend."
I asked, "You do not have a boyfriend now?"
She laughed, "of course not. If I did would it matter?"
I laughed, "No, not really."
She smiled, as she walked towards me and said, "Good, now remove your shorts and lay down on the carpet."
I did as she asked and lay on my back.
Sue walked up to me and forced my legs wide apart with her feet as she stood between my legs and said, "I have had several guys who were into feet and I love using my feet to make them cum."
As she stood there looking down at me, her toes inches from my stiffening cock, I could not believe how lucky I was. I really got a good look at her long shapely legs. Her thighs were well muscled and jiggled when she walked. Her calves were perfectly formed and well proportioned to the overall length of her legs. It was obvious she kept her legs in great shape. Upon seeing them up close like this my cock began to grow very quickly to its full length.
She noticed this also and laughed slightly saying, "I really do love guys who are into feet. I play a game with them to see how fast I can make them cum using my feet and toes. I time them and if they break the previous guys record they can come back for more." Then she asked me, "Do you think my legs are worth coming back for?"
I said without hesitation, "Oh yes."
She smiled, stepped out from between my legs and walked over to a desk where she pulled out a bottle of baby oil and a stopwatch. She set those beside me and returned for the chair behind the desk. She held the wooden chair above me and stepped between my legs again. Using her feet she spread my legs open again by pushing them against the inside of my thighs, setting the chair down between them. While she did this she said, "Open them up Justin, open them wide." The act of her forcing my legs open with her feet was very arousing.
She sat in the chair placing her feet on either side of my cock on my hip bones and reached over to pick up the stopwatch and oil. As she did this I could tell by the look on her face she was all business.
While she oiled up her toes and feet she said, "One of the best things I like about this is watching you guys struggle and squirm as you try to keep from Cumming. I even had one guy tell me he was doing math problems in his head (she laughed) to keep his mind off of what I was doing to him." After she had oiled up her feet she placed the soles of her feet on my pubic region rubbing her toes back and forth through my pubic hairs. The heavy feel of her feet was amazing. As she continued to rub them I felt my rigid member swaying back and forth between her feet occasionally bumping against her ankles. This caused my blood to rush and I could feel my breathing increase.
I asked her, my voice a bit shaky with anticipation, "What is the record?"
She smiled, "I am not going to tell you. You are just going to have to hold on as long as you can."
She held the bottle above my dick and squeezed some oil onto it.
She pushed a few buttons on the stopwatch and said, "Ready, set, here we go!" and started the watch.
She set the stopwatch down and immediately placed a toe lock around the head of my cock between her right big toe and index toe. She did the same to my shaft with her other toes. She began to pump at a medium pace.
I rose up on my elbows and watched with amazement. It was obvious her toes were well practiced. The oil made her smooth skin glisten and her pink toenails shine. Each time her toes rose up over the head of my cock her index toe would slide up over the hole at the tip and then back down the side just below the ridge to begin the process all over again. Her toes fit very snug and tight. I could feel the friction against the sensitive skin at the underside of my head. I directed my attention to her shapely calves as they loosely jostled from side to side as her feet pumped my cock. The muscles in her athletically toned thighs flexed beautifully. I noticed each of her hands was cupped beneath her thighs as she continued to pump her legs.
Hearing her giggle caused me to look up into her face. She asked, "How are you holding out down there?"
I replied, "This is heaven."
I felt her toes switch position at the head of my cock as she moved the bottom of her long index toe up and down the underside of my head at a quick pace. Feeling this extreme sensation of pleasure caused me to fall back to the floor and groan. All her efforts were concentrated in this one small area.
She giggled saying, "that gets them every time. Yesssss! and here it comes that wonderful precum. It won't be long now."
I dug my fingers into the carpet as I began to feel the tight heaviness of my nut sack along with my shaft caught between the toes of her left foot as they stroked it full length. I could feel my nuts being pressed against the ball of her foot with each down stroke it made.
I heard her say, "That's it Justin, your precum is flowing good now."
I could not believe that this young leggy blonde was working my cock over in such a way that I was about to cum in seconds. I had to hold on and enjoy this as long as possible.
I could not help it as my hips began to thrust upward into her toes. It was amazing how much affect that one toe had on my cock. Sue's toe was rubbing the most sensitive and arousing part of my cock. She did this in quick jerks as I watched the tip of her long glistening toe rise up from underneath and over the tip of my cock. The tip of her toe would pause there briefly and push partly into the hole of my cock forcing precum to ooze out all around it.
Sue said, "I knew I could get you to start moving Justin. Lets see what happens now."
With that she released the grip her left toes had on my shaft and prodded the tips of her toes into my tight full nut sack. Wiggling them up and down, side to side and in circles.
This caused me to rise back up on my elbows forcing the response of, "Oh! Oh! OOOOh! Please be gentle down there. Pleeeeeesee."
She giggled, "Hee, hee, hee. I will. Trust me, I know what I am doing. "
I was trying to hold on. Not for the record but because I was truly enjoying the pleasure her toes were giving me and I did not want it to end. I was shocked at all the precum I had released. So much of it was covering the tops of her toes and foot. Her index toe continued to milk out even more with each upstroke. I lay back down and watched her face. I saw how on occasion how she moved her head from side to side to get a better angle on what she was doing.
All her efforts, physical and mental, were concentrated on my groin area attempting to make me cum.
I was so glad when she finally removed the tips of her toes from my nut sack. They were beginning to become a bit uncomfortable creating that slight sickly sensation a guy gets in his abdomen when he has been "racked" but not to the point where it was painful.
She then slid the head of my cock back between her big toe and index toe and raised the toes of her free foot directly above the head.
When she did this she looked at me and said, "I call this next move my toe tap."
She began to jerk the head of my cock once again while at the same time gently tapping the tip of my cock with the bottom of the toes of her other foot flexing her ankle up and down. Seeing how the muscles in her lower leg flex as she did this was amazing. She really had long beautiful legs.
The assault of her feet and toes upon the head of my cock began to turn it purple. All the nerve endings were throbbing. Her toe tapping combined with the jerking of my cocks head caused me to grit my teeth as I vocalized a gut wrenching, "Noooooooo."
Her reply was, "Oh yeeessss. I love this. Squirm Justin, C'mon, I want you to cum."
Finally, after what seemed an eternity she relented her toe tapping.
At this time she scooted her chair in closer and stole a quick serious glance at the stopwatch on the floor. She briefly lifted her feet from my cock to wiggle and stretch Her toes.
This brief respite gave me a chance to catch my breath and gather myself a bit.
She saw this reaction from me and smiled as she pushed her hair back from her face and said, "Okay, here we go. I am gonna take you for a ride you will never forget."
She sandwiched my cock between her soles and began to pump my cock in full length from base to head. The softness of her wrinkled soles was absolutely incredible. My cock felt like it was in a velvet sack. I could also feel the power generated from her legs to her feet. The feeling of this power as my cock was being vigorously pulled with each upstroke caused me to pump my hips even harder, raising my buttocks inches off the carpet. The velvet feel of her soles and strength of her feet filled me with mixed emotions and caused me to let out a loud Moan, "OOOOOHHHHHHHHHH!" Her feet were pulling so hard I could feel the skin around the base of my cock stretching.
After hearing the verbal reaction that her feet coaxed from me she said, "Oh yes, moan and groan as loud as you want, no one will hear you but me and I like that." She quickened the pace and continued, " You are holding on pretty good Justin. I've had guys lose it by the time I bury my toes in their nuts and some guys even before that."
The sides of her feet pounded into my pubic area creating a slapping sound.
I knew I could not last much longer. My cock, which was now throbbing and twitching, was no match for her wonderful feet. I raised myself up leaning on my hands and began to thrust my hips up harder. My fingers gripped the carpet like claws.
Much to my amazement Sue pumped even faster. Her legs moved up and down like pistons. My thrusts could not keep up with them. I could feel my body beginning to shake out of control. I tried to squirm from side to side but the strength of Sue's feet and legs kept me in line forcing me back into an upright position. She obviously sensed I was reaching the end and said, "That's it let it cum, I am NOT gonna let you go. C'mon and shake baby, shake for me."
By now her legs were pumping madly. Her feet squeezed my shaft even tighter than before and I felt my cum beginning to rise to the head of my throbbing cock. I released a loud, "Arrrrrrrrrrgggghhh!" Trying desperately to hold on to my juices. I sat completely up and grabbed the front two legs of the wooden chair in each of my hands.
I heard Sue laugh, "ha, ha, haaah, you are really trying hard aren't you. I love this. It is so intense. But I am sad to say I have one more thing to try and you will be through."
I stared down into my lap as I watched the head of my purple cock disappear then reappear rapidly between the soles of her soft feet. Each time the sides of her feet pounded into my pubic area I felt my cum move inside my shaft. Then without missing a beat I watched as her feet slid back and she interlocked her ten toes around the shaft of my cock turning it now into a toe sandwich.
She continued to jerk me and the sensation of my cock between all ten of her digits was incredible. It was too much and I knew now I was through.
I released my death grip on the chair and wrapped my arms around Sue's beautiful legs pulling myself into her shins.
She giggled and asked, "You're done aren't you?"
I weakly nodded my head in response. She laughed, "It won't be long now before I feel you're hot cum between my toes. Just a matter of seconds now."
I could feel her slowly running her fingers through my hair as I laid the side of my head on top of her knees in total exhaustion. My body was at the completely mercy of her toes. The feeling of her legs rubbing up and down against my chest and the tips of her toes moving against my stomach was the final arousal that took me over the edge.
Her toes were locked hard around my cock and I could see beads of sweat on top of her flexing thighs. My body began to convulse in spasmodic jerks up, down and side-to-side. I was completely out of control. I pulled her legs in even tighter squeezing them to my chest, holding on for dear life.
I felt Sue place her hands on top of my shoulders as she said, "That's it Justin, hold on tight and just let it cum."
Her toes were pumping my cock at a maddening pace. By my grasping her legs I could feel my entire body moving up and down. Like she said I was being taken for a ride.
I could not hold on any longer. I released her legs and threw myself back onto the floor, covering my eyes with my hands and hollered, "I'm Cumming!!!"
By my having laid back and releasing Sue's legs it afforded her the opportunity to sandwich my cock between her velvet soles again. Seizing the opportunity she initiated the strong upward pull on my cock. This time instead of using quick rapid strokes she used very strong slow and deliberate pulls. It must have only taken 3 or 4 pulls to accomplish her task. My entire body was twitching completely out of control. My attempts to thrust my hips upward were feeble and awkward as my body was a quivering mess. I was helpless laying there at the mercy of her feet as they controlled my ejaculation.
I felt the initial explosion of my cum being pulled from my cock on what must have been the strongest pull from her feet that night.
I grunted loudly the whole time her foot pulled its way up my shaft toward the head.
Sue knew I was Cumming at this moment. Upon hearing me grunting, she said, "Oh yes this is it I feel your cum rising up."
I exploded hard, watching as my cum landed on her calves, ankles and insteps. Her feet slid back down to the base only to begin their slow deliberate course back up pulling even harder than before.
Again, I could not help myself and released another long groan.
Sue laughed, "I love this part. Your body completely out of control as my feet slowly milk your cum out in thick white globs."
She did this several more times before I was through. After my final orgasmic shudder I laid back breathing heavily. Gasping, "Oh my God, oh my God. That was the most powerful orgasm I have ever had."
Sue laughed, " Well I was glad to have been a part of it."
I watched as she slowly ran the tips of her toes through my pubic hair, my diminishing cock flopping over the tops of her feet as she did this, a very soothing sensation.
After a few minutes had passed. Sue remained seated with one leg crossed over the other. Using the toes of her crossed over foot she playfully prodded my flaccid member with an almost bored like expression on her face. She pushed it from side to side and in circles causing it to ooze out remnants of leftover cum. Sue would easily run one of her toes over the hole sweeping up the cum as it dripped out. I lay there watching this leggy young woman, playing with my cock and admiring the dexterity of her toes. I will never forget those pink toenails covered with my jism.  
I closed my eyes and began to fall to sleep to while she gently prodded my member. That Completely exhausted and spent I passed out. When I awoke Sue was gone. I quickly put on my shorts and proceeded to leave. Before leaving I noticed a message posted on the door.
 _"Congratulations, you hold the new record. 13 minutes 48 seconds. You have earned the right for another go 'round. I imagine you will need a few days to recuperate after tonight. Meet you in the same beer line same time two nights from tonight. I will enjoy making you cum in less time."_
 _My feet eagerly await the challenge,_ _Signed,_    _Sue_