How Jenny discover her dark side and become a lesbian rapist, this story
will be very slow burning!

Please write me if you want more, esp love hearing from female fans but
everyone's welcome to write me!  I also do story exchange and requests if
they tickle my fancy.   doroglover@gmail.com

The following day things only got worse, Jenny was more aroused than ever at work and found it impossible to concentrate on anything. As an administrative assistant that was usually not a problem, there was so much paper work to be done every day that no matter how much or how little she did the file cabinet would be filled to the rim at the end of the day anyways. But today was different she couldn't hide away in her own room she had to run the reception. Jenny hated running the reception as it meant she had to be nice to people and answer the phone all the time and today was no different. At least for the time being things were quiet and she could relax a little.

As soon as Jenny had finished that thought a mother and her daughter entered the reception and walked over to her. The mother was clearly stressed out and seemed to pay little to no attention to her daughter. "I'm here to see Martin Del, I have an 8.15 appointment, oh and could you please look after my daughter while I'm in the meeting, I couldn't find a babysitter and I need you to make sure she doesn't run off somewhere or that some weirdo grabs her or whatever". "Yes of course" said Jenny with a sigh thinking to herself "great I'm a baby sitter now too, this is all I need". The mother sat her child down on a chair opposite Jenny and hurried away.

Jenny looked at the girl she was a tiny, slender, brunette and just like the girl in the library she wore a green dress but with a pink jacket. The girl sat on her chair dangling her legs she seemed to be about the same age as the girl in the library too. Jenny's mind switched over to the event in the library and her right hand instinctively slipped inside her jeans and panties and began rubbing her pussy.

Jenny could hardly believe how wet she was. Normally she'd snap out of her daydream by now and pull herself together but she didn't care right now, she was too close to an orgasm to care about anything else at this point. Jenny rubbed herself more and more furiously, the phone was ringing but she didn't care. The girl clearly noticed that something weird was going on, she couldn't tell what Jenny was doing but she was definitely uncomfortable as she sat in her chair watching Jenny aggressively massage her left breast and pinch her nipple while she used her right hand to bring herself off.

Jenny didn't care, she knew the girl could see what was going on, she didn't try to hide it, infact it only turned her on, it was so wrong and bad and she loved it. She couldn't take her eyes off the frightened little girl watching her. Jenny wished she was old enough to fully understand what she was doing, she started to moan as she got closer and closer to an orgasm. Jenny wanted to call out to the girl, to tell her to come closer so she could get a better look. At any point someone could walk in and see what was going on from any number of directions but Jenny was way beyond caring or worrying about anything like that. The only thing that mattered was her impending orgasm.

Jenny unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down to her ankles to get more room for her hand. She stuck more and more fingers inside her pussy as she got closer to cuming, practically fisting herself, this was the most intense experience of her life, "I'm going to cum" she announced to the girl loud enough for her to hear it as she finally exploded in a thunderous climax. Jenny closed her eyes, and moaned loudly as she came, her whole body shuddering from the most intense orgasm she'd ever experienced in her life. "Yes, yes, yes" Jenny cried out loudly as she started bucking in her chair. She pulled up her shirt and mashed her breast though her bra as multiple orgasms hit her over and over again. Finally Jenny opened her eyes as she slowly came back down to earth again after the last orgasm. Basking in the aftermath of her glorious earth shattering climax, Jenny gave the girl who was now curled up in her chair peeking through her fingers an evil smile.

"What must she be thinking" Jenny thought to herself looking at the now not so frightened child who was now starting to feel better again and gave Jenny a small smile back. Then all of a sudden it hit Jenny "what must she be thinking, what if she tells her mother what she's seen". Jenny felt sick to her stomach and quickly pulled up her jeans. What was wrong with her, it was the second time now that she'd done this, why couldn't she control herself and worst of all why did it feel even better this time.

But there was no time to worry about that now, she needed to deal with the girl. Needed to make sure she wouldn't tell her mother what she'd seen. She called the girl over to her desk. "You know this is just our little secret okay, a grown up secret, I bet none of your friends has a grown up secret right?" The girl nodded her head. "We're friends now and you must never tell your mother what you saw today, she wouldn't like it, she'd probably be upset with you". "You're a good girl aren't you, you wouldn't want to get in trouble now would you?", "no" said the girl. Jenny relaxed a little, "good, then you can have some candy for being such a good grown up girl". The girl grabbed a tiny candy from the bowl on Jenny's desk. "Grab a handfull" said Jenny, "go ahead and remember this is our grown up secret and you must never tell anyone".

When the girl left Jenny felt sick to her stomach, she'd done it again and this time it was worse, she had to cover up what she'd done like some kind of sick paedophile. She'd probably scared the poor girl for life and she could feel herself getting wet at the thought of that. She secretly hoped the image of the scene she had witnessed today would be imprinted in her mind forever. She had always considered herself a good, sweet, kind person but she couldn't deny to herself that being a sick, twisted bitch felt good and very dark fantasies entered her mind deep down she knew she had to push things further, much further.

The mere thoughts of all the nasty things she wanted to do made her excited and sad at the same time. She was battling to understand how something so bad could make her feel so good and how something so good could make her feel so bad. But maybe there was something else to it, something she hadn't considered yet, perhaps it wasn't the girls that had turned her on but rather the experience, that had to be it!

She wasn't a paedophile, she wasn't sick. She merely enjoyed masturbating in public and there was nothing wrong with that. She was an exhibitionist that's all. The fact that both times there had been a little girl watching her was purely a coincidence and nothing else she lied to herself as she desperately tried to rationalise her new dark desires. Jenny couldn't wait to get out of work so she could put her new theory to the test.

Please write me if you want more, esp love hearing from female fans but
everyone's welcome to write me!  I also do story exchange and requests if
they tickle my fancy.   doroglover@gmail.com