Karen Likes Being Nude at the Gym
byLuckyDave1066©

On a mild March evening, Karen was wrapping up her workout as she usually did, with a few intense minutes on an elliptical machine before rewarding herself with some time in the gym's hot tub. The churning hot water never failed to relax her after an invigorating workout, and the fact that membership at the gym was only open to women had made her, like many of her fellow gym members, comfortable treating the hot tub and sauna as clothing-optional zones. Besides the general vibe of the gym being more relaxed without everyone obsessing about how they looked, she enjoyed having the choice to just strip down, rinse off quickly at the shower next to the tub, and hop in without having to go all the way back to the locker room to change into yet another type of clothing.

As she peeled off her t-shirt, sneakers and socks, yoga pants, panties, and sports bra, it occurred to Karen that on this particular night it really wouldn't have made a difference if the gym was open to men, since she seemed to be the last member in the building. The idea that she might dare to get naked if there was even a slight chance of being spotted would have seemed far-fetched before her most recent vacation, but the combination of being on her own a long way from home, some recent bad luck in her love life, and a bit more alcohol than she was accustomed to had led to some surprising behavior on her part; nothing she regretted, but not at all like her usual cautious nature.

Just the thought of having a vacation, especially one including travel to another country, seemed like something from another life. In the last year she had been hit with a complete shutdown of her workplace for several months, then a stressful period where the dental practice where she worked was allowed to reopen, but with a plethora of new safety measures. Now, over a year into the pandemic, she was working full time and more as the practice was busy catching up with all the procedures postponed during the shutdown. A speedy trip to the gym most nights after work helped keep her stress level tolerable and kept her in shape for the hoped-for day when she'd finally be able to get away on another vacation.

Once her last bit of sweat-soaked clothing had been removed, Karen paused for a moment to check herself out in one of the many mirrors lining the space. Without getting conceited about it, she was pleased with the body her frequent gym sessions had produced. "Well, the gym time and maybe also the boob job," she thought, "Doctor Acedegua did help tone up my breasts but I took care of the rest!" She had reason to be proud; if not for a few laugh lines near her eyes anyone would guess her to be no older than her early thirties, not just a few years short of fifty that her driver's license insisted she was. She had even been mistaken for her daughter's sister a few times, which she and Brianna often joked about. Even though she wasn't currently looking for a relationship, she enjoyed being noticed by men on the rare occasions when she wore one of her more eye-catching outfits.

Karen eased into the tub, settling at a spot where the pulsating jets of water were particularly pleasing. She was pretty sure twenty minutes on her own at this spot would be likely to result in an orgasm; a hopeful look at the clock shut down that pleasant idea since she only had a little more time than that to shower and change before the gym's 7:00 PM closing time. "Maybe some other time, if I have the place to myself again, I could cut my workout short..." she thought as she moved on a few minutes later to have her shower.

The shower room was a big open space with two ways in or out, one opening leading to the main workout area through a couple of turns to allow for privacy and another door leading to the locker room. Once she was inside the shower area she tossed her wadded up clump of clothing in the direction of the locker room, to be dealt with after her shower. Lost in a pleasant daydream, she didn't notice the janitor trying to get her attention until the third time he loudly cleared his throat!

The janitor had a hard time getting Karen's attention as he stayed in the main workout space, careful to stay out of sight beyond the corners of the shower room entrance. "Excuse me, Miss," he began, "I'm sorry to bother you, but I need to go pick up my son from his soccer practice. If you don't mind closing the door as you leave, I'll trust you to close up."

Karen walked slowly towards the opening, keeping track of the sightlines as she approached. Naked, with soap suds still sliding down her body, she answered nervously, "Isn't there anyone else working tonight?"

"Sorry, no. The owner left an hour ago. I'd let my son wait but there's a thunderstorm warning so I'd really like to go." the janitor replied.

Karen crept closer, peeking around the first corner of the entrance. With the janitor apparently still completely outside the passage, she shuffled beyond the first bend, closer to the workout space. "Okay, sure, you should go, but what would I need to do?" she asked.

"Thank you so much!" he replied, "It should be easy, everything is already put away and all doors are locked up, except the locker room, which just needs to be closed to latch and be locked up. All the lights and pieces of workout equipment are on timers, so all you need to do is type in a code at the back door keypad, 0912. You'll have thirty seconds after entering the code to open the door, get out and close it again before the alarm will rearm and go off if the door is still open."

Karen moved slowly toward the last turn before entering the workout area, straining to hear the janitor over the sound of the shower. She reached the edge of the opening as he was finishing his explanation of how to deactivate the alarm. "He's got to be right around the corner," she thought, "This is probably a bad idea, but I'd kind of like to see what this guy looks like!" As far as she knew the janitor never started cleaning the gym until after the last member left, so she had no idea who might be on the other side of the wall. She gripped the edge of the wall, now the only barrier between them, with her right hand and leaned over, extending her head, right shoulder, hip, and part of her right leg past the edge of the wall! Her right breast was beyond the wall as well, but her arm folded up against the end of the wall sheltered most of it from the startled janitor's view. "What was that code again?" she asked, smiling at the portly balding man.

"Umhhh, aahhh it's 0912," he answered, "thanks again."

"No problem, good night," she said, watching him head out the back door. Even though he had turned out to be closer to Danny DeVito than Antonio Banderas, she enjoyed how much her fairly mild flash of skin had flustered him. "Oh, Karen, you're AWFUL," she laughed to herself once he'd disappeared out the door, "teasing that poor man that way," though she knew she'd been teasing herself at least as much as him. She wondered if she might have come a bit further out from the wall's edge if he'd been better looking, shivering a little just thinking about it!

Knowing she had the gym to herself Karen walked all around, even carefully peeking out the glass front door for a moment. She was tempted to test her theory about the long-term capabilities of her favorite hot tub jet, but not knowing what time the lights would go out and not wanting to try picking her way through the workout equipment in the dark, not to mention trying to get dressed in a pitch-black locker room, she decided to call it a night. She walked back to the shower area and finished up the shower the conversation with the janitor had interrupted, finally getting the shampoo rinsed out of her long brown hair. She turned to go to the locker room, noticing for the first time that the door was closed.

And latched.

Locked!

Since her clump of sweaty workout gear was nowhere in sight, she guessed that when she tossed the wadded up clothing toward the doorway, her aim had been a little too good, whacking the door on the way into the locker room, hard enough to knock it loose from the doorstop now sitting uselessly on this side of the door, allowing it to swing shut.

With all her clothing, workout wear as well as work clothes, securely locked away on the other side of the door, Karen didn't see any options for covering herself up in this area. The shelves full of towels provided for use drying off after a shower were also inside the locker room, thus also of no use at all.

Karen didn't panic; she was sure she could find something to wear if she looked around long enough. Leaving a trail of dripping water as she went, she looked everywhere she could for some sort of covering. With all the office, storeroom, lounge, and janitor's closet doors locked and everywhere she wasn't locked out of already searched, she found only two pieces of clothing, neither of which was ideal. The first item was an extra-small coat, clearly owned by a woman several sizes smaller than herself. The coat was promising only in that it was just about long enough to cover her butt and her pussy, provided she didn't bend over. At all.

The only other item was a seriously cropped t-shirt in a pretty thin fabric, similarly sized or maybe a bit smaller. She smiled and wondered if one of her fellow gym members had kept the top as a souvenir of their participation in a wet-t-shirt contest; she couldn't think of any other situations where the tiny garment would be appropriate, unless one of her fellow gym members worked as a stripper! "I suppose that's not such a far-fetched idea," she thought, "some of the girls I see in here definitely have the body for it." She set the unlikely two piece outfit on the front desk and looked around some more, thinking that even though it would look odd, if she could just find one, a large towel might allow a more modest trip to her car than either or even both of her current options would.

Karen had just about run out of places to look, with no towels or anything else resembling clothing anywhere to be found. She had no choice but to give up searching when the lights went out. Groping around until she made it back to the front desk, she felt her way back to where she'd left the two insufficient pieces of clothing. Insufficient as they were, they were now essential. She wrestled the cropped t-shirt over her shoulders and tugged it down over her chest, covering her boobs, as best she could tell in the dark, down to a point just below her nipples.

The coat wasn't any better a fit; there was no possible way it was going to close in front, leaving at least 6 inches of open space between lapels. The two garments combined to cover her chest fairly well, but as open as the coat was she was sure her pussy would be on display; she managed to find a magazine she could carry to cover what the coat wouldn't. With no lights on anywhere to assess just how scandalous her borrowed ensemble looked, she resigned herself to walking to her car this way,

Karen felt her way out of the entrance and office area, working her way toward the workout room. When she reached the workout room she began to feel fairly confident that she could make it to the back door without any further complications, and might have done so if she hadn't tripped over the end of a treadmill. She stumbled and took a few hops, but kept her balance and stayed upright. "Whoa, that was close," she said, her heart racing almost as much as it had been when she was giving the janitor a little show! Having lost her bearings while hopping around, she took shorter steps to avoid tripping over anything else, which worked for obstacles on the floor, but didn't help much when the problem was a lack of floor; she proved unable to walk on water, toppling into the now quiet but still fairly warm hot tub.

"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" she shouted, standing up, wading to the edge of the tub and climbing out. After taking a minute to calm down, Karen realized she was lucky to have avoided hitting the edge of the tub as she fell and doing herself some real damage. Besides thoroughly soaking her and what little clothing she was wearing, her plunge into the tub had cost her the magazine. "I'll just have to cover up with my hands," she said, imagining just how weird that was going to look. The one positive thing about taking her unplanned dip was that she now knew exactly where she was, and how to get to the back door from her location. She found the alarm panel, which thankfully had a lit keypad. She punched in 0912 and saw a light change from red to green. Hoping she'd correctly followed the instructions the janitor gave her, she pushed the door open.

Karen peered out the open door, trying to get her bearings; the alley seemed much brighter than she'd expected until she remembered that Daylight Savings Time had begun the day before. She'd never been in this alley, which ran the full length of the block, so though it was a little scary to consider walking out in the twilight dressed as she was, but she was glad to be able to see what obstacles she would have to avoid on her way to her car. She stepped out of the door, holding it open, and tried to remember what was at either end of the block. As she was thinking over her options, one abruptly disappeared. Her thirty seconds of the alarm being disabled came to an end, announced by the high-pitched wail of the alarm! Startled, she let go of the door. Instantly recognizing her mistake, she lunged to grab it but slipped on some sort of goop on the pavement, spinning around and falling against the door as it closed.

And latched.

Locked!

With one lapel of her borrowed coat firmly caught between the door and its frame.

Pinned against the door by the too-tight coat, she writhed and wriggled, struggling to get out of it before the alarm drew police or whatever security the gym hired to see what was going on in the alley. During her struggle, the alarm stopped, with no obvious sign anyone was on the way to investigate. Once she had freed herself from the coat, Karen tugged and yanked, trying to get the coat loose, without success. She shuddered as she realized that now whichever way she left the alley, she'd be doing so while wearing nothing but a much too small, much too cropped scrap of a t-shirt.

Beyond the shortcomings the crop top already had when she'd found it, her dunking in the hot tub had rendered the thin material all but transparent. She tugged at the top, trying to cover as much of her boobs as possible, but stretching the thin fabric just highlighted the effect her misadventure was having on her nipples. She could hardly believe it, but it definitely looked like she was becoming aroused by having no choice but to leave the alley and make her way back to her car more or less naked! She wondered if she might actually look less obscene if she just ditched the top, but resisted the surprisingly strong urge to get rid of her last bit of clothing, thinking it might be less outrageous once it dried out.

Resigned to having no choice but to make a highly exposed run to her car, Karen headed to the end of the alley closest to where her car was parked. She was nervous beyond measure about what she was about to do, but, surprisingly, also a bit excited by the idea. She tried to guess how long it would take her to run from the point where she was about to emerge from the alley to her car, including some time to retrieve the spare key tucked away below the trunk and get inside. "A good two minutes," she thought. "Possibly a VERY good two minutes," she said out loud, amazed that she was beginning to actually look forward to possibly flashing a handful of people as she streaked along the sidewalk. She picked up speed as she got closer to the sidewalk beyond the alley, breaking into a run as she left the alley and turned right onto the sidewalk. In order to move faster than a waddle, she had to let her arms swing in their normal running mode, forcing her hands to abandon her pussy. Considering she was completely naked from the underside of her boobs down to the soles of her feet, trying to cover any single part of her body was feeling kind of pointless anyway.

Her daring soon turned out to be no match for the situation she suddenly found herself in; no more than four or five strides after turning onto the sidewalk she slid to a halt, turned, and bolted back into the alley. She had psyched herself up for a naked run along a relatively quiet sidewalk, not the busy sidewalk seating area for the restaurant on the corner! "How could I have forgotten about that place," she moaned, "I drive by it practically every day!" She had stopped ten or fifteen feet short of the diners, but was pretty sure a few of them had to have seen her!

Worse yet, just before she turned to retreat she noticed the flash of a camera somewhere in the midst of the diners. She couldn't believe anyone at the tables would have had time to catch her in the handful of seconds she'd been in their view. "Unless they were already about to take a photo and I just happened to pop into sight!" she thought, "Did I just nude photobomb someone?" She shuddered to think some stranger might already be posting a photo of her in her current indecent state, but realized there wasn't a thing she could do about it now.

Retreating to the relative privacy of the alley, Karen sprinted back to where she had started before stopping to catch her breath. She was breathing hard, much more so than her short sprint by itself would have caused, "Maybe I've found the secret to getting an intense workout in the minimum possible time," she thought ruefully as her heart raced well beyond the highest rate it ever reached in the gym!

Waiting for her pulse to settle down, Karen thought about her options for getting back to her car, all of which seemed likely to involve her exposing herself in her practically nude state to at least a few people. She could go back to where she'd just been, forcing herself to take the most direct route, wending her way through a dozen tables of surprised diners, not to mention several servers. Just imagining what going through with this option would be like made her shake uncontrollably; she knew there was no way she could make herself do it.

Plan B was to take the same route, but wait until the diners had all left and the tables were cleared, several hours later. She ruled this option out immediately; she had no idea who might come through the alley over that time, and if she was going to risk having an encounter with strangers in her current vulnerable state, she would rather it happen in a less secluded place.

Her only other option was to follow the alley to the far end of the block, at least doubling the distance she would have to streak but probably cutting by at least two-thirds the number of people to see her. She knew the business at the far corner was some kind of office, most likely closed and vacant at this hour, and was pretty sure the handful of other buildings she would need to pass by, flanking the gym, were also likely to be quiet, at least when compared to the busy restaurant.

She headed towards the far end of the alley, keeping an eye on the sidewalk at her destination to get an idea of how busy the route she was about to take was likely to be. Despite having chosen the seemingly safer route, her anticipation of covering so much ground with so little covering her was giving her chills as she neared the sidewalk. She was relieved to only have seen one pedestrian pass by the alley. As she approached its end; she took a deep breath and broke into a jog just before leaving the alley, reaching a full running pace as she turned left onto the sidewalk.

Not making the turn at full speed might have been a better idea; before she had taken two strides on the sidewalk she plowed into a man approaching the alley, knocking him on his butt! She instinctively stopped and asked, "Are you okay? I'm so sorry, I didn't see you!" and offered a hand to help him to his feet.

"Uhhhm, yeah, I'm, I'm fine, thanks!" the flustered man said as he stood.

Suddenly remembering her nearly total nudity, she took off again, shouting over her shoulder, "Sorry!"

"No worries, I'm not!" he shouted, watching her uncovered ass flexing as she picked up speed.

Karen couldn't help giggling as she left her victim behind, thinking, "I think he actually enjoyed that!"

She stopped laughing when she reached the corner; she needed to cross the street, having parked just about across the street from her gym, but the light was red and a steady stream of traffic was passing by, slowly enough to notice the apparently naked woman impatiently waiting for a chance to cross the street. She looked down and noticed that the crop top was turning out to be a poor excuse for a jog-bra, having ridden up as she ran, and was now covering almost none of her breasts. "When did THAT happen?" she wondered, realizing a little too late that her boobs had probably been exposed ever since her first failed attempt to leave the alley!

At least some of the passing traffic had noticed her as well, with a guy in his twenties shouting, "Nice tits!" as he leaned out of the passenger side of a Mercedes. His was the only vocal comment on her body, but there were several thumbs-up signs from passing drivers and passengers, as well as a lot of honking horns!

Karen blushed a deep crimson, but mixed in with her embarrassment was some weird sort of satisfaction at having been seen naked and judged to be fairly hot! She didn't bother to make any attempt to cover herself, and even waved to some of her passing audience. Though she was starting to enjoy the attention, she was relieved when the light finally changed. She followed the directions on the sign, walking at a normal pace as she crossed the street. Though appearing calm, she shuddered at being so well lit by the headlights of the first car waiting for the light to change again.

Once across the street, Karen's trip between the line of parked cars and a mostly vacant park was uneventful, as routine as a trip covering most of a long city block while practically naked can be. The positive response she had been receiving to her exposure, combined with the almost empty sidewalk and the partial seclusion provided by the line of parked cars settled her down a lot, leading her to keep to her walking pace, even when she felt a few drops of rain. The rain started coming down harder by the time she had covered half the distance to her car, but it actually seemed to help, as a couple she crossed paths with dashed past her, their heads tilted down trying to avoid the rain, apparently oblivious to the almost naked woman they were sharing the sidewalk with.

By the time Karen reached her car, the rain had progressed from steady to near torrential, making it less likely any fellow pedestrians would be around to witness her awkward crouch behind the car as she felt around below the bumper for the hidden car key. After a minute of increasingly nervous searching, she was relieved to find the keyholder; she pulled the key out, stood up, unlocked the door, and let herself in. She slumped down in her seat, relieved to finally have some shelter, even if she was surrounded by windows and wearing a transparent top barely able to cover her nipples. She tugged the soaked fabric as low as it would reach, started the car, and set out for home, fairly satisfied to have averted outright disaster during this fiasco.

Karen had only driven a couple of miles out of the ten she needed to cover to get home when a loud alarm sounded; she noticed the area on the dashboard indicating how many miles of range were left before she would run out of gas was doing something she'd never seen before, blinking and showing a readout of -14 miles! "How is that even possible?" she yelled, but wasn't about to ignore the warning and risk running out of gas on the highway she'd be on for the last few miles of her trip. Better to risk flashing someone at the gas station just ahead than be stranded at the side of a busy highway, even more so than usual in her current state.

Karen pulled into the convenience store lot and headed for the pump furthest from the building, carefully maneuvering her car so the gas cap would be right next to the pump, figuring she'd be able to use the pump as a screen to hide behind as she gassed up and paid at the pump. There was one downside to the spot she chose; she was close to the edge of the canopy over the pumps, so as soon as she stepped out of the car the heavy rain and wind combined to drench her all over again. Looking down at the soaked, all but transparent excuse for a shirt, she was reminded again how useless it was. She took a good look around to confirm she was the only customer, at least outside the store, and verify that the pump was able to hide her from anyone inside the building. Convinced that nobody could see her where she was standing and thoroughly tired of the ridiculous shirt, she pulled it over her head and completely off. "Good riddance to you," she said to the useless garment, and tossed it into a trash bin next to the pump.

Though the shirt hadn't really provided any meaningful coverage when wet, once she had stripped out of what little clothing she had left she suddenly felt different; she wasn't really much more exposed than before, but the act of willingly choosing to get totally nude in public made her feel nervous and vulnerable. And aroused. Definitely aroused. She began to be aware of being wet in a way unrelated to the rain pelting her skin, and looked forward to getting home and taking care of that.

She put the pump's nozzle in the filler and slid her credit card into the slot, waiting for the usual "remove card" message; instead, the message on the screen read "card not recognized." She tried again, making sure to press the card in firmly; the screen showed the same message! She switched to another card and repeated the process; different card, same result. She put both cards back into her wallet and was about to try another when a female voice boomed from a speaker on the pump, saying, "Sorry, the storm's knocked out our ability to accept credit cards. You'll have to prepay with cash. If you don't have cash, I've been told the card processing should be back up in an hour or so."

"Prepay with cash?" said Karen, "Meaning I have to go in the store and pay in person. Naked. Great!"

Karen actually thought she might retrieve the hated crop-top, but when she looked into the trash bin she saw the top resting in a puddle of God-knows-what; no way was she going to touch it, let alone ever again put it on her body. After thinking long and hard about her other options, Karen sighed, took a few twenties out of her wallet, and stepped away from the shelter of the pump, heading for the store. The store seemed impossibly bright inside as she approached the door. Hesitating briefly, she pulled the door open and stepped inside. The clerk, mercifully the only person in sight, looked up from her book and smiled, saying, 'Okay, cool. I see why you wanted to pay at the pump! What do you need?"

"The tank is empty, so probably somewhere around $45 should fill it," Karen said, peeling three twenties off her wad of bills.

"Okay, you're all set, I'll have your change ready when you come back in after you're done."

Karen hurried back to the pump and began filling her tank. Shortly after she began another car turned in from the street; she shifted positions as best she could to keep the pump between her and the newcomer.

The small SUV pulled into a parking spot right by the door. The newcomer turned out to be a small group of newcomers. She shivered a little as she saw four men, probably a bit beyond college-age as well as she could tell, get out of the car and go into the store. "Whew, that was close," she whispered, "but it doesn't look like they saw me." Peeking over the top of the pump, she saw them through the store's windows and door, browsing in various areas. She didn't notice the numbers flashing by on the pump's screen, and was startled when the handle of the nozzle kicked.

Karen put the nozzle back in place. She looked at the pump's screen, which showed that her car had just taken in a little over $33 worth of gas. Her estimate about what it would take to fill the tank had been way off; she wondered now why she hadn't just paid for $20 worth in the first place? She could have avoided needing to go back inside the store and been on her way home by now. It began to dawn on her that while her predicament began completely by accident, some part of her was now enjoying her situation, and might actually want it to keep going! She recognized the voice of her inner exhibitionist at work as she thought, "I gave the clerk $60, almost twice as much as I needed to. I don't feel like giving away the difference.

Karen debated whether to return to the store for her change, or just take off without putting on a show for any more people than she already had this evening. Up until now, her exposure had been accidental and more or less unavoidable. Letting these guys see her naked would be a different thing entirely.

Intentional? Outrageous? Shameless? Reckless?

"All that and more", she thought, "but also Exciting. Mind-blowing, electrifying, heart-stopping level exciting."

She saw the four guys coming out of the store; her sensible side was suddenly and completely overwhelmed by the budding exhibitionist in her. "What the hell," she said as she stepped out from behind the shelter of the pump and began to walk toward the store! The four young men didn't notice her at first, but by the time she was passing the pumps closer to the store it was obvious that a couple of them saw her.

"Holy shit, look," one yelled.

"DAMN!" said the second.

"What are you, guys, oh, wow, I see her!" the third said, then addressing Karen directly added, "Fucking HOT, Babe!"

The fourth member of the group just stared, his mouth open wide.

By now Karen was almost to the building, and just a few feet away from the two young men standing by the passenger side of their SUV. She could have just kept on going and entered the store without acknowledging them, so she was as astonished as her quartet of admirers when she stopped to talk with them! "Really, guys, I appreciate the compliments, but Babe? Really? I'm old enough to be your mom!"

"No fucking way!" the driver said.

"Yes fucking way! I'll be 48 in a couple of months," she laughed as she opened the door and went inside.

"Wow, I thought you'd wait until they were gone before coming back in for your change," the young clerk said, "pretty bold!"

"Yeah, I know. I don't know what's gotten into me tonight."

"For what it's worth, you're not the first woman to get naked here," Alexa told Karen, taking two photos off the wall by the register to show her. She told her the story about the anonymous naked woman who visited one night before Alexa began working there, "My cousin Rob worked here back then, he told me she came in dressed but left naked." She even showed Karen one of herself, wearing nothing but a baseball cap and sunglasses!

"You didn't say much about the second one," Karen said, "what's her story?"

"Yeah, that's Lexi," Alexa replied, blushing faintly, "She was actually working here, in the middle of a shift when that picture was taken. I was working here that day and saw the whole photo session. And that was just one of the times she's stripped naked here!"

"She's done it more than once?" Karen asked, amazed.

"A half dozen times, at least, mostly when she's working all by herself," Alexa replied, "and I'm sure she'll do it again sometime."

"So, it's kind of a thing here?" Karen asked, smiling, "Since I seem to have joined the club, would you like to add me to your gallery?"

"Hell yeah, that would be great," said Alexa, picking up her phone. She pointed out the kiosk with hats and sunglasses. Karen picked out a disguise for her photo session, oversized aviator sunglasses, and...nothing else. She was trembling as Alexa took the first few photos, imagining pictures of her naked body being seen by men she'd never meet, possibly for years to come.

After taking a dozen shots with her phone and at least that many for Karen with hers, Alexa asked, "Just so I'm sure, you're okay with me printing one or two of these and taping them up next to the others where all the guys who work here can see them? I'm pretty sure some of them jerk off to the other ones in the restroom."

"I volunteered, remember? Put up as many as you want!" Karen said as she walked out, eager to get home. 

