Beach Barbecue
by Emi Tsuruta

After I went to the nude beach with my friend Satomi, I kept trying to convince her to come with me again.  She doesn't think I'm serious though, so I haven't been pushing it.  I thought about going with somebody else. At school, a lot of people claim that they've been, but it's like one of those things, you know, where it's cool to say you've been there, but I'm not so sure if people actually go.  I never see any of my classmates near the entrance to the beach, and Satomi and I didn't meet anyone we knew the time we were there. 

Anyway, one day early the next summer, I invited Satomi and my American friend Debbie to come with me.  They agreed to go to the beach, but unfortunately not the nude one.  We ended up going to a popular beach, just a bit north of here.  I told my boyfriend, Ryosuke, about it, and his friend Futoshi offered to come pick us up after they got off work.  This wasn't exactly what I had in mind, but anyway, it sounded like fun, and it would give Debbie a chance to meet Ryosuke and my Japanese friends.  I'd been putting off introducing her for the longest time because I was a little bit worried about how the boys might react.  Debbie is pretty good-looking I guess and a bit of a flirt.  Anyway, soon I had everything set up. 

The day came, and I took the bus down to the beach to meet Debbie and Satomi for lunch.  I figured we'd be swimming all day, so I just went in my red and white bikini and white cover-up, and packed a change of clothes in my bag.  It felt kind of weird riding on the bus with my legs completely bare like that.  A couple of guys peered over at me checking me out.  I guess the problem was that my cover-up, this soft white hoodie, is short, so you could see this little triangle of red peeking out where the crotch of my bikini is.  I pulled my bottoms down at the back to try to cover my butt cheeks, but they kept riding up, so after a while, I just left it.  It was interesting to see people's reactions. 

Debbie and Satomi were already at the beach when I got there.  Satomi was dressed pretty conservatively, in jeans and a long sleeved blouse. Debbie looked more summery in her shorts and t-shirt.  I wasn't sure how the two of them would get along, because this was really the first time we'd all gone out, but they were both in a pretty good mood. 

Debbie took us to this nice restaurant where you could look out, and see the ocean.  Even though it was kind of fancy inside, a lot of people there were dressed for the beach, so eventually I took my hoodie right off, and sat there in my bikini.  The waitress didn't seem too worried about it, but some of the guys glanced over this way.  The most embarrassing part was when I went up to the cashier to pay the bill.  I just folded my cover-up over my arm.  It was kind of embarrassing.  Everyone was staring at me. 

We finally had everything, so we headed over to the beach.  Just by the entrance, there were a bunch of American girls lying face down with their bikini tops undone.  I thought that was kind of daring, and I joked that we should try that, but Debbie and Satomi just ignored me.  They're the ones looking for a boyfriend, so I told them they should be braver.  Debbie goes out with a lot of different guys, but I don't think Satomi has ever had a boyfriend.  I know she wants one, but I don't think she will, dressed in high necklines and long pants.  She has a good body though.  She should show it off more. 

Anyway, none of us wanted to sit near the topless girls, so we walked way down the beach.  It turned out that Debbie knows that area pretty well, so she showed us a place where they have changing rooms and showers.  I've been to this beach tons of times, but I never knew they had showers. They're way down south far from the main entrance where I usually go in. The change rooms are nice and clean, although you have to pay for the indoor showers.  There are even a couple of free showers in front of the building right out in the open with no walls or anything.  People were lining up to use them though. 

Debbie and Satomi went into the change rooms, while I looked out at the beach.  It wasn't so crowded down here, but there was one cute guy out surfing.  When he came back to shore, a girl went out to meet him, so I guess he was already taken.  It was too bad. 

Satomi came out in this bulky black one piece (typical Satomi), but Debbie had on this sexy white bikini with orange polka dots.  I tried to pull my bikini out of my butt crack, but it wouldn't stay.  The sides of my breasts were showing too.  Satomi looked nervous, but it wasn't as if her swimsuit was anywhere near as revealing as Debbie's or mine. 

As it got later in the afternoon, people started going home.  We couldn't leave yet though, because we still had to wait for Futoshi to come pick us up.  Satomi and Debbie said we should go inside at least to get out of the blowing sand. 

I wanted to go in for one last swim.  The waves started to get pretty high.  When I looked back at the beach, there was almost no one there. 

There was this couple in body suits surfing not too far from me, and I saw someone who looked like Debbie using the outdoor showers by the surf center.  I finally decided to come out, but by the time I'd gathered up my stuff, Debbie and Satomi had already gone inside.  I was a little bit annoyed that they hadn't bothered to wait for me, but I guess they didn't like all the sand blowing around.  In the shade of the building though, it wasn't so bad.  I set down my stuff, and started to take a shower in the free ones outside.  Satomi eventually came out, and she was dressed already. 

"C'mon.  Hurry up.  We're almost ready to go." She stood there for a minute looking out at the two surfers, but the wind had picked up, so she went back inside. 

As I showered, I realized that quite a bit of sand had gotten into my suit.  It was all in my pubic hair and right down the crack of my bottom. I slipped my fingers inside my bikini to try to brush it away, but it was hard to get at it while I was still wearing my suit.  I debated going back to the change room in the surf center, but it didn't make much sense to use the pay showers when there were free ones right here.  I looked down the beach, and way in the distance, there was a woman walking her dog.  The surfer couple was even further away, so they wouldn't really be able to see me too well I figured.  I ran my middle finger down the crack of my behind trying to push the sand out, but that was just getting me all excited. 

I glanced back at the surf center.  There were no windows on this side of the building, and it blocked the view to the street pretty well.  I stepped out from under the shower for a second, and peered into the passageway that ran down the middle of the building.  It was dark inside, but on the other side, I could see some kind of wading pool and the back of some buildings.  I was kind of surprised that there seemed to be so few people around because usually the beach is pretty crowded at least in the daytime. 

I started pulling down my bikini bottom at the back to give the spraying water a chance to get at the sand.  It wasn't working, so I pulled the suit down a bit more.  I realized that this was a bit dangerous standing out in the open like this, but I was just trying to get rid of the sand.  I kept pulling my bottoms down, exposing more and more of my behind.  Eventually, I pulled them down so much that my pubic hair popped into view. 

I could see the surfers riding their boards in this direction, so I turned my back to them. 

I brushed the water flow through my pubic hair with my fingers.  At first, I was just trying to flick the sand away, but soon I slid my hand between my legs, dabbing at my hello kitty.  I was getting pretty excited, but then I remembered where I was, and hurried to brush away the last of the sand. 

I pulled my knees in a bit, and let the water stream push my bottoms all the way to the ground, and stepped out of them.  It was a shower after all, and usually people get naked when they take a shower.  I knew of course that it wasn't such a good idea to stand stark naked out in the open in the middle of the beach, but somehow, it seemed reasonable at the time.  I could still see both the woman and her dog and the surfer couple, but I don't think they'd realized I was bottomless. 

I picked up my bottoms, and rinsed them in the water.  I quickly reached around to the back of my neck, took off my bikini bra, and washed it out too.  It felt so weird to be naked with all these people around.  I set my swimsuit down, and then moved right under the shower head to get the rest of the sand off.  I gently ran my hands along my breasts.  Once I'd finally got all the sand off, I squatted down, and pulled a towel out of my bag to wrap around me.  As far as I could tell, neither the woman nor the couple had realized.  I quickly hurried into the passageway out of sight of the people on the beach. 

I stepped inside, and there was this sort of a waiting room/rest area with some benches around the edge.  I could hear Satomi and Debbie's voices ringing out from the changing room further in.  I felt so excited I wasn't thinking straight.  I just set my bag and bikini down on the bench, and peered down the hall listening to hear if anyone else was there.  It seemed to be just the three of us, but I couldn't be sure. 

"Emi, is that you?  Hurry up, and get changed.  We've got to go," Satomi called out from the next room.  I stuck my head in the door. 

"Here I'd better call Futoshi, so he can come pick us up." I tried my cell phone, but the battery had run down, so it wasn't working.  I pulled my change purse out of my bag, and walked back out into the passageway with my towel still wrapped around me.  There was a payphone on the far wall. The wind in the tunnel was pretty strong, so I had to hold the towel down to keep it from blowing up. 

Still I finally had to let the towel go, so I could get out my money. The towel blew open at the front, getting me even more excited. 

"Hello, Futoshi?  It's Emi.  Are you guys ready yet?" 

"There're a few more things we need to buy, but I guess we can get them after I pick you up." At first, I held onto the knot at the side of my breasts to keep the towel from falling off, but standing out here in the open like that was getting me more and more excited.  I let go of the knot, and lifted my arms up just to see what would happen.  Sure enough the towel blew up, and then the knot came loose, and I just barely caught it before it blew away.  I held the towel against my breasts to cover up, but now my whole backside was uncovered.  I put my back to the wall, and looked around to see if anyone was coming. 

"Uh, Futoshi, could you put Ryosuke on?" 

There was a pause and then Ryosuke's voice, 

"Hello." 

"Ryosuke!" 

"You sound in a good mood." 

"You'll never guess what I'm doing." 

"I already know.  The three of you are at the beach, right?" 

The bricks in the wall felt cold as I pushed my bottom up against them. I was trying to hide behind the phone in case the surfers came.  I'd better make this quick. 

"That's right.  Debbie showed us this surfer rest house down at the far end of the beach.  I'm calling from the payphone they have outside under the archway." 

"Uh huh." He didn't really sound interested. 

"Guess what I'm wearing." I dropped the towel relishing the feel of air on my naked skin.  Hurry up, and answer Ryosuke.  I've got to go back inside before someone sees me. 

"I don't know.  Your swimsuit?" 

"Nope...  I'll give you a hint.  They go on my feet." 

"Your sandals?" 

"That's right." 

He went silent trying to figure out what I was telling him.  I was so excited, but I knew I'd better stop. 

"Listen Ryosuke, I've got to go.  See you soon." 

"Wait, Emi.  Wha- what do you mean you're wearing sandals?  Where are your clothes?" 

"They're back in the change room.  Anyway, bye, sweetie.  See you soon." 

Ryosuke always hates it when I do this, call him up when I'm naked.  He seems so worked up when he finally shows up.  It's so funny. 

Anyway, I hung up the phone, and pulled the towel around me again.  I was about to go inside when Satomi appeared at the doorway all dressed and ready to go.  She shot me a look, suspecting. 

"They're on their way," I told her trying to hide my excitement. 

"You'd better hurry up, and get dressed." 

"Oh, I don't know.  Maybe I'll just go like this." I did a little pirouette.  That would be pretty funny.  It would drive Ryosuke up the wall. Satomi looked angry though, so to make her happy, I finally came into the change room. 

I really didn't want to get dressed.  It felt so good walking around in just my towel, but Satomi was sitting there waiting for me to get dressed, so I finally did.  I just pulled on this soft red miniskirt I have, my white hoodie and my panties.  Debbie wasn't wearing much either, but Satomi looked like she was ready for winter in her jeans and blouse. 

We went out to the street, and found Futoshi and Ryosuke.  They'd already dropped our other friends, Kenta and Asuna, off at the barbecue site before coming back for us.  Both Futoshi and Ryosuke were acting kind of weird, because they're not used to hanging around with Debbie.  She was smiling and trying to be friendly though, and we all started talking in English. 

Futoshi drove us out of town a little ways to this wooded area by a smaller beach.  We all walked over to the barbecue site.  Asuna and Kenta had the coals burning, and were almost ready to start cooking.  The guys peeled off their clothes.  They were wearing swimming trunks underneath. Debbie was kind of checking them out, but they looked a bit nervous, and then ran off into the water.  Ryosuke said it was still warm, and called for me to come join them.  I'd already changed out of my swimsuit, but he kept waving for me to come. 

I walked back to where the car was to get changed.  It was really quiet in the woods and kind of dark away from the fire.  I could hear the others laughing and yelling from back towards the beach, but there weren't any other cars coming down the road.  I hid between Futoshi's car and the trees, and quickly pulled off my hoodie.  I got goose bumps from the feeling of the cool breeze on my naked breasts.  I pulled down my skirt, and then my panties, and stood there naked, while I shook out my bikini.  I was getting butterflies, but at least it was a lot safer than what I'd done earlier that afternoon.  I couldn't help getting excited though. 

My whole body was tingling.  Eventually though, I pulled my bikini bottoms on.  I was so nervous though, at first I had trouble getting the ties done up.  I looked to the beach.  There was someone standing there silhouetted in the dark.  I swear I almost had a heart attack, but as he came closer, I realized it was Ryosuke. 

"I was wondering what was taking you so long," he said grinning.  I tried again to tie on my bottoms. 

"I can't get my suit on," I noted, all nervous. 

"You could always go without.  I wouldn't complain." 

I just glared at him, pretty sure he was joking.  He kneeled down in front of me, inspecting my crotch.  He got so excited he wrapped his arms around my buttocks pulling me into him. 

"God, you're gorgeous." 

I just stood there, trying not to fall over.  I heard a yell from the beach. 

"Ryosuke, don't.  The others are just over there." 

"Let's go some place." 

"No, we can't.  They are all waiting for us." 

He didn't look happy, but he slowly nodded. 

"Emi, you know you're driving me crazy." 

I smiled weakly, and finally got the tie done up.  Ryosuke stood up, and gave me a kiss. 

"You know I want to do it too, but not here, not now," I whispered.  He looked at me tenderly, but I could tell he was frustrated. 

"OK, but you have to do something for me in return." 

I pulled on my top next, and reached round back trying to do it up. 

"What?" 

"When we go back to the group, let me undo your bottoms." 

"WHAT??" 

"We can make like it's a joke.  You just stand there watching the barbecue or whatever, and I'll sneak up behind you, and give the string a little tug." 

"What?  No way!  That would be just too..." 

"Ah, come on.  It's no big deal.  It's not like they haven't seen you naked before." 

It was true that we'd all played strip poker one time.  Debbie wasn't there, but Futoshi and I had lost, and ended up stark naked in Kenta's apartment. 

"Kenta and Futoshi were so drunk," I laughed.  "They probably don't even remember it." 

"Ah come on!  Don't be such a scarredy cat.  You want to try it.  I know you do." He smiled at me with this evil gleam in his eye.  I wasn't so sure. 

"C'mon.  We can make it out like it's all my fault." 

"What about Asuna?" Asuna is Ryosuke's cousin. 

"What about her?  She already knows I'm a horny bastard." 

I laughed, and hit him playfully. 

"I don't know.  It seems a bit much." 

"Well anyway, come on in swimming.  They're going to be done cooking soon." 

Once I was all dressed, I followed Ryosuke back to the group.  Kenta and Futoshi were out in the ocean, so we went down to join them.  The water was a little cold, but it was refreshing, and helped me calm down.  When I came back out, I started shivering, so I pulled on my cover-up, and stood facing the fire. 

Ryosuke came round behind me.  I turned to him, warning him not to do it. Kenta was turning the hot dogs over, but I couldn't see where Futoshi was.  He was probably out in the forest, looking around for more wood for the fire. 

Debbie was standing on the far side of the fire, and Asuna and Satomi were sitting on a towel on the sand.  Ryosuke just stood there, so I wondered if he'd realized it was crazy. 

Futoshi came back carrying some firewood.  I felt Ryosuke's fingers fiddling with the bow on one hip.  At first, I thought he was just joking, but almost before I knew it, he'd got the bow undone.  I was so shocked when he actually pulled my bottoms down.  I felt the air rush in on my buttocks and hello kitty, getting me all excited.  Satomi noticed first, and yelled, 

"Ryosuke!" chastising him.  Kenta turned to look, even more stunned to see me naked.  I pulled down the hem of my cover-up in a vain effort to hide my pussy, but it was too short.  I swiveled, and reached for my bottoms, but Ryosuke backed away, taking them with him. 

"Hey!  Give those back!" I looked to Futoshi for help, but he just stood there staring at my bare behind.  Asuna and Satomi sprung to my aid though, chasing after Ryosuke.  Not sure quite what to do, I just stood there, hands over my pussy, letting them stare at my ass.  Even though there was a cool breeze, my body was heating up. 

Debbie finally got a jacket out of her bag, and came over to wrap it around my waist.  I was so nervous my whole body was shaking.  I probably should have talked Ryosuke out of it somehow.  Suddenly Futoshi broke the tension by laughing. 

"Now you know how I felt that night running through the courtyard." 

I nodded blankly. 

"You remember that night?" 

"I don't remember the game so well, but the run through the courtyard sure sobered me up." 

Kenta looked over at Debbie. 

"Do you know that story?" 

Debbie looked at me not sure if she should admit it. 

"Yeah, I told her.  Probably everyone does crazy things like that when they're drunk.  The two of you looked pretty funny in your underwear," I explained looking at Kenta. 

"Have you ever played strip poker?" Kenta asked Debbie. 

"No," she shook her head, bristling.  Kenta is usually more sensible, but seeing me naked got him excited.  I fiddled with Debbie's jacket trying to cover up my pussy. 

Satomi and Asuna came back all out of breath. 

"He threw your bottoms up on top of the car, and neither Asuna nor I can reach.  Futoshi, can you go get them?" 

"Sure." 

"Here, I'll go with you.  I'd better change." I was shaking, a bit worried about what Asuna and Debbie must think.  Still it was more Ryosuke's fault than mine, but somehow I felt guilty. 

When I started to walk though, the feeling of Debbie's jacket on my hips got me excited.  I danced around, wondering if the knot might come undone. Kenta especially was staring at me, clearly yearning for another peek. 

When we got to the parking lot, Ryosuke was standing over by the car. 

"Hey, where'd you get the jacket?" he protested. 

"Debbie lent it to me because some pervert stole my bottoms." 

"Some pervert, huh?  If you're not nice, you're going home like that." 

"I don't think so.  I've brought my knight in shining armor to rescue me," I nodded pointing to Futoshi. 

"Oh, c'mon, Futoshi, you're not going to side with her, are you?  We're pals, aren't we?" 

"I think you'd better give her her bikini back.  Someone might drive by, and see." 

Ryosuke peered down at my hips, thinking evil thoughts.  Futoshi climbed up on the car to fetch my bottoms.  Once he got them, he opened the car, so I could change.  Then he dragged Ryosuke off so I could have some peace. 

I got into the back seat.  Once I was sure they were gone dried myself off with a towel, and pulled on my panties, skirt, halter and hoodie again. I went back to join everyone, and we all sat there eating and chatting about all kinds of things.  The atmosphere was still kind of strange, but I survived. 

