Aya sat on the floor of the kimono room that adjoined the library that Crawford had chosen as his own. Naoe had tutted and pulled faces at the robes that he was going to wear and eventually just given up and helped him dress. Aya knew that he was being prepared for a seduction, with wax in his hair to make sure it sat perfectly as Naoe painted his face and layered colours upon colours. He had expected that Naoe would dress him less, not more. He had rubbed him down with rough cloth and then oil and then perfumed dust before tying the nagajubon in place. He didn't bother with hakama which surprised him. He used a thin white paste to create an almost mask of colour, much like Hikarin had once done, stopping just shy of his neckline in a delicate shape like a forked tongue. He left a thin line below the hair line but painted clean over his eyes. He used a thick dark purple paste from soft berries and wax that Aya had watched him make, and then used chalk mixed with a pale pink pigment over his eyes. He painted black dots above the line of his forehead. Then when he was happy with the way the face looked, he clipped a silk camellia flower into his hair, long silver chain hung from it. Crawford had insisted on silver when dressing Aya as gold made him wan.
He wore dark purple, pale silver, off white, cream, dark pink, soft pink and one that was like a silken gauzy mist. He felt almost weighed down by the layers upon layers of heavy silk and the over layer of chiffon that was the colour of butterfly dust. Naoe had left him without tabi telling him that Crawford found bare feet attractive. He did however, enamel his toenails.
Aya sat waiting for Crawford, he was nervous. He had no idea what awaited him. He was dressed for a seduction, he knew, but at the same time everyone was amazed because Crawford had lain with him that afternoon and they said that he was not a man of great hungers.
Aya didn't raise his head when Crawford entered. He stood at the door for long minutes just looking at him, then when he crossed the floor he took Aya's head in his hand and tilted it to better appreciate the beauty before him.
"Turn around." He said bluntly.
"Terms," Aya said bluntly, "I want to arrange terms."
Crawford still stood before him for a long moment. "An arrangement?" he asked, "Aya, you were taken from slave status by being in my household, and I have left you with all the honours that a concubine would have."
"I will be your ally," he said quietly, hoping to discourage listening ears, "but I wish two things, I will cover your wishes to the best of my ability and I will not fight your desires, I will even initiate those things for you, all I ask is that you give me two things."
"Two?" Crawford asked, "you wish me to be very indulgent."
"I don't think you will not agree to them." Aya said. "I wish Naoe to be my attendant, you have said many times that you wanted to fetch me one from Edo or Kyoto, I do not see the point when Naoe is trained. It means that he will no longer be whored out, if such is to be done I will take his place."
Crawford sat down cross legged in front of him. "Done," he said, "although if he wishes to lie with someone and I do not order it it is to be allowed, Naoe is reaching that age."
Aya agreed to the terms.
"And the other?" Crawford asked.
"When the time comes I want to be the one to kill Reiji Takatori, when the time comes I want to be the one to drive my father's sword into his black and treacherous heart."
Crawford smiled at that, the lamp light reflected off his eyeglasses. "That will not break my heart, though it might be years before I can arrange it." He leant forward to whisper in Aya's ear. "I have to destroy them first, to take all their wealth with only what is left for Mamoru as a lower lord. The wealth that belonged to the Fujimiya, excluding the monies taken from the Taira, will be returned to any child your sister has that is not fathered by Hirofumi, who I am led to believe has not seen his wife since their marriage in Kyoto months ago."
He reached out and touched Aya's cheek with his palm, "Naoe has made you lovely indeed, my Aya no Bara." Aya leaned into the caress. "Now turn and face the wall." Aya did, "there is a panel there," Crawford said, "Baba alerted me to it, remove that panel." Aya did as he was told and it revealed the doll room, "now softly, tell me what you see."
Fuji lay with Tezuka on their joint futon, because the whole household knew that if either had been a woman then they would have been very happily married indeed, as such all that they lacked was the law recognising it. Fuji had undone Tezuka's haori and had his hands well into the fabric of his nagajubon and he had his hands firmly around Fuji's ass kneading as they kissed. There was passion there.
Softly as Crawford had commanded Aya told his lord what he saw, he told him when Tezuka moved his mouth to Fuji's neck and the way that they looked up, and then felt the layers of cloth over his legs and ass lifted up. "tell me," Crawford said dipping his fingers into the small jar of lavender balm and then kneaded Aya's ass just like Tezuka was with his own lover. "Tell me exactly what you see, my Aya no Bara." And Aya did.
He felt Crawford's fingers along the cleft of his ass and against his anus, pressing in slightly, just enough to warrant a slight reaction, the balm was a great lubricant and meant that there was little effort to the touch. He was still slightly loose from earlier and Crawford was able to slip inside to the first knuckle. Fuji was lapping at Tezuka's nipples, although one hand still kneaded Fuji's ass the other was cupping his fair head. Aya could see the love between them and he said that two. Crawford took that as an opportunity to add a second finger.
Fuji looked up at his lover with that small genuine smile and almost closed eyes. "Buchou," he said softly and used his own hands to remove his hakama.
"Crawford," Aya hissed, "I have seen enough to know their intention."
"So," Crawford said twisting his fingers, "I wish you to watch, I want you to tell me what you see." Aya leant back.
"They are stripping." Aya said as Crawford twisted his two fingers again, pulling them out only long enough to apply more balm and then slowly slipping them back inside with slow drawn out gestures, "oh, god," Aya said as Crawford fingered his prostate, two fingers flicking back and forth, "the Buchou, he, he has his hand, he, oh god." Aya was rocking back and forth to the fingers. "Fuji, he."
"Softly, Aya," Crawford chided, "you don't want them to hear you, do you?"
"I'm sorry, oh god,"
"Is it good, Aya?" Crawford asked, there was no emotion in his voice, he was calm and even and for some reason that aroused Aya even more. "Tell me, my Aya no Bara, is it good?"
"It's good," Aya hissed, "it's so good."
"Do you want more?"
"Yes, Crawford, please more." Crawford punctuated the use of his name with a twist of his fingers, and then pulled out his fingers, twining three together and slowly slid them back inside. Aya's entire back arched.
"What are they doing, my Aya no Bara, what are they doing?"
"Fuji is touching himself, oh, oh god, he's touching himself where you are touching me, he has his fingers inside, oh god, his fingers, they're inside, they're twisting inside and…"
"What's his Buchou doing?" Crawford asked almost leaning over him, Aya could feel his hardness against his own thigh.
"he's watching." Aya gasped, "like you're watching me, and he's touching, oh god, he's touching himself too. He's using an oil, oh god, Crawford," he arched his neck drowning in the dual stimulation of what he was seeing and the fingers twisting and thrusting so slowly inside him. Crawford had been right, Aya really had no idea of the pleasures that his flesh could give him, he knew that now.
"is he hard?" Crawford asked.
"yes, oh god," Crawford was patting his prostate and then pulling his fingers back, "as hard as you are, Fuji has, ah, he is kneeling over him, he is guiding Buchou inside him, he is beautiful, aah, oh god, and he's flushed, he's sliding up and down, he's fucking him, oh god, like you're moving your fingers, he's fucking him like your hands are fucking me, oh God Crawford, oh god." And with that Aya came, he came only from what he saw and Crawford's fingers buried inside him.
Crawford pulled Aya into his lap and mouthed his neck. "There's my boy, my beautiful boy." Aya slipped from his knee into a pool of the layers of his own kimono. "Wait one moment, my beautiful Aya no Bara, let me replace the panel."
Aya lay panting and gasping, as Crawford slipped back into the panel. "I'm going to touch you, I am going to use your beauty as it was obviously meant to be used, I am going to fuck you, Aya, over and over and over again. I am going to use you, and I am going to give you such pleasure that you will wish for death and all I will give you is more pleasure. Now undo your obi."
Crawford peeled him like an orange, pulling away a layer of silk and then touching his wrists, his thighs where it was pulled open, the line of his neck in his collar, and leaving the silk sprawled around him. Then he removed the next and repeated the soft kisses at the nub of his wrists, the bones of his ankles, the soft palms caressing his thighs, the tongue and teeth that flicked across the cords of his neck and shoulders, even the soft wet kiss on his forehead under his bangs. He did it over and over again through the nine layers of kimono and then the nagajubon, using the very clothes that he wore to arouse him further, and then as he lay there in the well of dark coloured silks he just looked at him. "Tell me," Aya said, "tell me how to touch you."
Crawford smiled. "Not now," he said appraising Aya for his beauty, "next time, I will teach you to please me, but now the pleasure will be taken from you." He reached into his own hakama and pulled out a thin ribbon and a piece of rope. The piece of rope he laid aside, but the ribbon he stretched out between his hands. "I will offer you a small cruelty, but you must promise, my boy, to tell me if it hurts you. You mustn't let me hurt you, I won't forgive you that."
Aya nodded and Crawford quickly wrapped the ribbon about his cock, stirring as it was, and tied it into a bow. "This will prevent you coming," Crawford said bluntly, "until I let you." His grin looked like it belonged on Schuldig and not on him. "May I tie you, my Aya no Bara, might I tie this," he took a sash from his nagajubon, it was warm where he had held it against his skin, under his heart, "about your eyes, that you might only feel my touch." And Aya, boneless following the orgasm, just smiled and did his best to lift his head.