hi,prateek again.This experience that I had a month ago is a true story. it happened during my examI was busy with my studies. I was lacking behind in Chemistry. My Chemistry teacher's name is Miss Abida. She was our new teacher from Karachi University and came to our school in Feb. A 25 yr angel from god. Perfect height, perfect figure, and perfect face. 


I always use to dream about her, thinking of any ideas that I can get to score with her. Our school was off for other students but we seniors were allowed to discuss any problems with any of our teachers. I use to go almost everyday around 9 am to school to solve my confusions in Chemistry. Some of my friends use to come with me but not everyday. We use to study in a small room, with a computer in it, couple of chairs and a table. Our main laboratory was under some type of construction so the school gave us that room. It was just adjacent to the main lab. We weren't allowed to study in library b/c an o-level past paper book was stolen by some kid so library was closed from us seniors. We sometimes sat in Staff room or in that room. You can call a small bio lab or just a room. 

One day I went to school to study with miss Abida. For a 1 hour whole we studied alone. I was only looking at her beautiful extremely sexy body. Sometimes at her legs, breasts and her white bra that was quite visible in her sky blue kameez. It was treat for my eyes. I knew we were alone but I had not guts to have sex with her or to approach her in anyway. But I wanted it badly so I thought of an idea. I got up to bring some other book. I picked it up and when returning back to the chair I intentionally stepped on her beautiful feet. She just made a painful face. I quickly put the book on my chair and went down to show that I care. I quickly just started saying sorry. While sitting down I quickly just hold her left foot and took it out of her sandal. Meanwhile I was keep on saying sorry so the holding her feet thing didn't made her feel awkward or surprised or anything. She was just saying its alright Sohaib but I wasn't stopping. I blew air on her foot fingers from my mouth to show how much I care. She I was just smiling and saying don't worry about it. After a minute or two I said with full of my courage "Miss Abida you have very beautiful feet". 

That may have made her feel a bit awkward but she said thankyou. I knew it was the perfect time. I just then gave a little kiss on her foot near the ankle area. That made her feel very awkward but she didn't say anything and I also did not said a word at the moment. As she didn't speak on my first action, it gave me a little more courage so I raise the bottom of her shalwar and started kissing her silky leg and moved up kissing her belly and finally her breast. Her eyes were half closed that meant she was enjoying it. I kissed her neck and moved up to her lips. We kissed her some minutes. Then I made her stand up and took her kameez. I then removed her white bra from the front sucked her sexy boobs. I quickly then removed her shalwar and her white underwear. I pushed her towards the wall. He boobs pressed against I wall and I went down and sucked her hips. Then I turned her front body towards me. 

Now her back was against the wall. She was still in stand position. I then put her right leg over my shoulder and started sucking her pussy. That gave her a lot of joy. She made different type of noises that I really loved. She was having the time of her life. She pulled down my pants and my underwear and then went down on me and started sucking my cock. After 10 minutes or so I quickly pushed her to the ground and put my cock in her. I started fucking her hard. We were doing it un-safely. She wanted to say that but she was getting the pleasure of a lifetime. She wasn't a virgin. Then suddenly somebody banged on the door. She was scared but I didn't let her go. She pushed me to stop me. I quickly buttoned my pants. She quickly got her bra and panty and her clothes in seconds and I went to open the door. It was a person from domestic staff of the school brought a message to miss Abida from our principal. He then went away. I wanted to proceed but she said she have to go quickly. She said she had fun. 
