Best Laid Plans (Chapter Nine)

There was something really neat about riding in a convertible with the top down, Willow had to admit that. It almost made up for Angel’s decision to leave Connor behind in Los Angeles in the care of Lorne and Cordelia and Fred. Almost - but not quite. Willow had wanted badly to protest that taking the cute little tyke with them would be a sure fire way to get Buffy to accept and adore him right off the bat, but the fact that no one else seemed to be inclined to believe that Angel would be coming straight back did make leaving the boy behind seem like a good idea, seeing as how they all knew Angel would never agree to be away from his son for longer than a day or two. That and... well...bringing a prophesied child to the Hellmouth really was an invitation to all sorts of disaster. So okay, Willow was amenable to being mollified by the sight of the twinkling stars whizzing by overhead and by the feeling of the wind blowing through her hair, things she undoubtedly would not be experiencing with a baby in the car. Still, she would have happily been crammed into an old Volkswagen Beetle if it meant Connor was with them.

Never mind that. She was just going to have to get used to the life she actually was already used to: a carefree (well, not really, but it sounded good), child-free life. (Unless Dawn counted as a child...not that Dawn was really in her life these days...)

Somehow she had a feeling that it was going to be tougher than it should be. She had an irrational but persistent sense that at this point fate or the powers or whoever was in charge of this stuff really owed her for all the angst she was being put through. Between the inappropriate and misdirected naughty thoughts and the sudden and unexpected warm-fuzzy feelings for a baby she might never see again (at least not for a long time), she had been put through one heck of an emotional whirlwind over the past twenty-four hours and she really didn’t feel that she deserved it. This couldn’t all be because of the Cordelia thing, could it? How much seer-cred had her old nemesis racked up, anyway?

Willow’s head was starting to ache and she longed for a distraction. Angel hadn’t said much since they’d started this drive, but then again, that wasn’t really all that surprising. He had never been big on the whole chatting thing and she was pretty sure he was currently thinking deep thoughts of his own (and was far more content that way than she was). Still, it would be nice to have someone to talk to right now - anything would be better than the depressing morass of her own inner turmoil. At the same time, she didn’t want to be a bother or a nuisance and she worried that if she started a conversation, she might be annoying Angel, who would feel compelled to talk to her even if he’d really prefer silence. What was she going to do?

“What are you thinking about?” Angel to the rescue...again. He was really starting to give her the wiggins with this whole “knowing what she needed when she needed it” thing - really, really starting to give her the wiggins.

“Oh, you know: life, the universe, and everything.”

He quirked an eyebrow at her and Willow strove manfully - well, womanfully - to forestall any naughty thoughts before they began. Thank the goddess for convertible tops and that lovely breeze right now.

“Okay. I was kind of wishing we could have brought Connor with us.”

He smiled, but it was a wistful smile and Willow could tell that he already missed his son. She wondered if there had ever been a time when her own parents had loved her the way Angel loved Connor. Add that to the long list of things Willow really didn’t need to think about.

“Yeah, I wish we could have, too.”

“Well, at least you’ll get to see him soon. And hey, you’ll be bringing Buffy to meet him, I’m sure.”

“Yeah.” He didn’t sound too enthusiastic. Hmm. At this point he also changed the subject. Well, not so much changed it as steered it right off the Buffy track. Again with the hmm. “You sure got along well with him. I never knew you loved kids so much.”

“I don’t.” She was a little too emphatic and Angel looked a bit crestfallen. Willow hastened to clarify. “Oh, I love Connor. I’m just not normally a baby person, you know? But how can you not love Connor? He’s. . .well. . .he’s special. Not only because he’s your son, either, he’s just...”

“Special,” Angel interrupted. The twinkle in his eyes was back and Willow was glad to have put it there - sort of, anyway.

“Yes, he is. And I know that Buffy’s going to feel the same as I do. She’ll love him even more than I do. I’m sure of it.” She beamed at Angel, or at least something pretty darn close, hoping to infect him with her optimism. Because she was sure...she was...really and truly - she was one hundred percent positive that...okay, maybe one hundred percent was stretching it, but she absolutely was eighty-five percent sure that Buffy was going to adore Connor and deal with the knowledge that Angel’s supposedly departed sire was his mother in a mature and rational manner. Positively seventy-five percent certain and that was a fact.

It hadn’t worked. Angel didn’t look at all optimistic. Darn. Maybe if she had been one hundred percent sure, she’d have managed to get him on board the “everything’s gonna be great” train.

“Tell me about Tara.”

Gosh but that sure came out of left field. Okay, she could take a hint. Buffy was off-topic. “What do you want to know?”

“How did you two meet?”

A wave of memories washed over Willow. She waited for the hurting feeling she normally experienced these days when she strolled down memory lane and was surprised when it didn’t come. Was that good or bad?

“I joined this Wicca group at UC Sunnydale. Pfft! They were complete poseurs, you know? A bunch of losers who thought that calling themselves witches would make them cool. They didn’t even really believe in magick. But there was this one girl who was different, I noticed her from the beginning. She noticed me, too, and...well...it was Tara.”

Angel was listening, actually listening, and it was giving Willow the oddest feeling. No one had ever wanted to hear her talk about Tara, not really. Well, except for Xander - but all he’d wanted were the details of their sex life.

“Was it love at first sight?”

“No, I mean, I don’t think so. At first we were just good friends. We’d do spells together and Tara would teach me about Wicca and the goddess. She was born a witch, so she knew a lot more than me. We started spending more and more time together and things just kind of blossomed. I began seeing all these beautiful things in her - her shyness, the way she stuttered, her laugh, her smile, how caring and sweet she was - and I found myself becoming attracted to her more and more.”

Angel looked at her expectantly, genuinely interested in hearing about their relationship; Willow kept talking - story after story waiting at the tip of her tongue to be told - and Angel encouraged her, even asking questions from time to time.

“So Oz came back and you chose Tara, huh?”

“Yeah. It’s weird. I don’t think I knew how much I loved Tara until Oz wanted me back. It was like I had fallen out of love with him and hadn’t noticed. I mean, I still loved him, still do, I mean he was my first love and everything, but I wasn’t in love with him anymore, I was in love with Tara. I am in love with Tara.” What on Earth had made her use the past tense? Don’t think, Willow, just keep talking, keep remembering.

And keep talking she did, the history of her relationship with Tara unfolding with surprising lucidity and chronologically to boot. Shouldn’t she be more choked up at this point? The rush of weepy nostalgia still hadn’t come, even after reliving all these memories. Maybe she truly was assured of getting Tara back and thus she no longer felt the same pain she would have experienced a few days ago. Yeah, that was it, that had to be it.

“...And then it turned out that she wasn’t half demon after all. Her father just lied to her to control her and make her hate her abilities.”

“Didn’t she know she could tell you? She knew you had been in love with a werewolf. I’m surprised she didn’t trust you enough to share the fact that she was part demon, even though it turned out to be a lie.”

Willow fought back the urge to glare at him because...he sort of had a point. Loath as she was to believe any ill of her beloved Tara and to scrape any of the gilt off the golden memories of their earlier days together, Angel was right. Sort of, anyway. Okay, not sort of at all. It really had been wrong of Tara not to believe in her or trust her and with something so important, something she had to know Willow, of all people, would understand. Why hadn’t she trusted her? Memories of the spell Tara had cast, the spell to mask her supposed demonic identity, the spell that had almost gotten them all killed, suddenly rose up, parallelling in an unwelcome and incredibly discomfiting way the memories of her own tabula rasa spell. This was not good. This was so not good. If Tara wasn’t more pure, more perfect than Willow was, then... Shake it off. Back to the walk down memory lane.

She decided that Angel deserved a little bit of a glare after all, so she shot one at him before continuing. She was giving him his happily ever after all gift-wrapped with a shiny bow, the least he could do was not try to take hers away.

The stories kept coming. Little anecdotes about Tara and Willow and their as-close-to-perfect-as-you-can-get-on-the-Hellmouth life together. She smiled as she recounted the tale of a particularly happy day, the memory warm and fond. Why did it suddenly feel like it had happened so long ago? Why did it feel uncomfortably like her memories of Oz?

The next segment in “The Story of Willow and Tara” wasn’t nearly so cheerful, though, and Willow’s worries about her feelings were soon buried under the pain of too-fresh trauma: Glory. Angel’s hand found it’s way to her shoulder, squeezing it comfortingly as she went through the anguish of Tara’s ordeal all over again, her narrative broken by frequent pauses as she struggled to put her despair and guilt into words, to talk about days spent nursing her girl and nights spent missing the love whose body was still there but whose mind was gone. The nights when all she could see before her was a lifetime of taking care of a full-grown child, a girl she would always love but who might never love her again. That last recollected emotional pain was disquieting, too close to what she’d been going through for so many, many weeks, though Tara was whole once more.
She stopped talking when she got to the tower and Buffy’s death, the death she still felt she could have, should have, prevented. The death that was her fault, just as so many other horrible things had been.

“You’re an incredible woman, Willow.” Angel’s voice was soft but full of feeling and Willow turned and looked into his eyes. He meant it, he really did, and Willow was wondering just what story he’d been listening to all this time. She was pretty sure she had mentioned the fact that Glory had only been able to hurt Tara because Willow had upset her and she’d gone out in a vulnerable state. And didn’t Angel remember all the stuff she’d told him before about Rack and the magick and nearly killing Dawn (okay, he didn’t really know Dawn, but he had memories of her, didn’t he?) and ripping Buffy out of Heaven?

“Yeah, an incredible screw-up, anyway.” She did her best to manage a flip and lighthearted tone. Angel was making her uncomfortable. He was serious, he really was, and she didn’t understand it. All those years back in Sunnydale, when she’d been so good, he’d ignored her, brushed her off. Now, here she sat, damaged and broken and just plain bad and he was telling her how wonderful she was. Okay, there was the soul stuff, but still...that hadn’t meant a thing to him the first time around, so his current attitude towards her didn’t make any sense at all. Her head was starting to hurt again and this time she needed a distraction from what had been supposed to distract her in the first place.

Angel seemed to realize that she needed a break. For once, silence was her choice and he respected it. Again she was both grateful to and upset with him. Why did he have to be so darn intuitive? This, like Connor, was something she was going to miss so very much once Angel and Buffy got back together and Willow went back to being invisible. Oh well, she would have Tara and that would make up for anything and everything. And as the car finally made it’s way past the long-awaited Welcome to Sunnydale sign, Willow tried very hard to believe that she was going to be just as happy as Angel.

Tbc...