My Aunt's House by the Beach
byEmiTsuruta©

Last summer when I was back home in Japan, I got a call from my Aunt Sachi, inviting us to come over, and go swimming at the beach near her house. Nice! I was really looking forward to getting out, and enjoying the sunny summer weather.

I've always liked Aunt Sachi. She is only a few years younger than my mom, but she is pretty lively and funny. She sometimes teases me, but I can be myself around her, without having to act the good girl all the time. I made a few phone calls, inviting my boyfriend Ryosuke and Sachi's daughter, Namie, to join us, and then headed off for bed, looking forward to the beach.

The next morning, I awoke to a bouncy tune on the radio. I sat up, and looked out the window. It seemed like a beautiful day out. I fished out a towel and washcloth, and nipped downstairs to have a shower. I could see my mom in the kitchen through the see-through curtain, and heard her talking with my older sister Norika who was sitting at the table in the dining room, eating breakfast. My dad must have left to play golf.

I pulled off my p.j. bottoms, when suddenly, the doorbell rang. It turned out to be Namie, so early! I wanted to say hi, but I wasn't wearing any bottoms. I heard my mom go out though. Once she was gone, I peeked out through the curtain, and called out,

"Namie! Long time no see. How are things?"

"I don't know. The same as ever," she mused. Namie had gotten married the year before, and I came for the wedding. Her husband Ryoichi seemed nice enough, but last time I talked to Namie, she said it wasn't as romantic as she had hoped. This was all very strange because Namie is really beautiful in my view. She looks a bit like an idol (Atsuko Maeda?) if you can imagine.

"Still no sparks, huh?"

"Phffft!" Namie puffed, blowing the hair out of her eyes.

"You should jump Ryoichi tonight when you get home," I teased.

"Oh Emi."

"No, seriously. Try. Seduce him." I pushed aside the curtain, and peered out at her.

"Don't be silly. I could never do that."

"Sure you can. Give it a try. You never know. Once you get started, I'm sure you'll love it."

Even though Namie is gorgeous, she doesn't try to act sexy. Just to show her, I grabbed the door frame, and leaned back, trying to imitate a sultry lounge singer or someone. It took Namie a second to realize that I was naked.

"Emi! What are you doing?" she cried out.

"Relax. I'm just going to take a shower."

Norika rolled her eyes. Then, the doorbell rang again!

"Ooo, that's probably Ryosuke!" I squealed. I didn't realize everyone would get here so soon!

"Here, go have your shower. I'll get the door."

I got into the shower, and lathered myself up. I could hear Ryosuke's voice outside in the hall. I tried to hear what they were saying, but I couldn't over the sound of the shower. I scrubbed all my nooks and crannies squeaky clean, and rinsed off as quickly as I could, anxious to hear what they were talking about.

Coming out of the bath, I picked up a towel, and dried myself off, checking my nude body in the mirror. I look good, breasts perky, pubic hair all fluffy. I kind of wanted to show someone(!).

I started brushing my teeth, but then peered out the curtain. I couldn't hear, so continuing to brush my teeth, I walked over—still naked - to the curtain, and opened it. It sounded like they were way off in the kotatsu room, so I cautiously stepped out, and moved closer to hear. In the dining room, the sun was shining in, lighting up my naked body.

Ryosuke was sitting on the tatami facing away, so he couldn't see me. He looked kind of dapper, ready for summer in his cargo shorts and collared shirt. Namie did notice me though, and waved for me to back off. I ducked into the kitchen, but feeling silly for hiding from my own boyfriend, I cautiously peeked back out. Namie looked pretty shocked, but I didn't think it was that big a deal. Obviously, Ryosuke has seen me naked before.

"Did dad take the car?" I asked, my words muffled by the toothpaste in my mouth. Ryosuke finally turned, but I quickly scampered back to the sink to rinse out. It was fun teasing him. I was kind of hoping he would come after me, but I guess he felt self-conscious with Norika and Namie here.

Unfortunately, I knew mom would be back soon. My clothes were all either upstairs or out in the garden hanging on the line. I came back out to the doorway, peering out the patio doors.

"Norika, can you get my red miniskirt and orange hoodie from the line?"

Norika looked a little anxious, but she did go fetch my clothes. She tossed a skirt, hoodie and undies at me.

"Hurry up."

I thought of teasing them some more, but soon heard my mom coming up the steps. I got dressed, and got a towel and a couple of bikinis from the line. Soon, Norika, Namie, Ryosuke and I headed out. Once we were outside, Ryosuke gave me a kiss.

"What's that for?"

"You look cute," he smiled.

We took Enoden, a quaint little streetcar of sorts. We saw a lot of beach-goers on the train, maybe headed to the same place. Soon, we arrived at my aunt's house. Sachi herself came out to greet us.

"Oh, Emi, it's so good to see you. Oh and this must be Ryosuke." Sachi was in a good mood. Sachi took Ryosuke and Norika out to their backyard, while Namie and I went upstairs to her room to get changed for the beach. As soon as we were alone, Namie started in.

"You shouldn't run around naked like that. What must Ryosuke think?"

"I told you! He loves it. He was the one who got me started." I unzipped my hoodie, showing her my bare breasts. "I'm sure Ryoichi would love it too if you ran around naked."

Namie just shook her head. I pulled out my bikinis, and spread them out on the bed. Namie had a swimsuit of her own, but I knew it was some dowdy one-piece, not sexy at all. She has a great body, so her modesty never made any sense to me.

"Oh, Emi! Those are so small!"

"I'll lend you one. What time is Ryoichi coming?" I asked, stripping topless. Namie's door was open, but I was pretty sure everyone was downstairs. A bit nervous, I undid my belt, and stripped out of my mini-skirt and panties, getting naked.

"Emi!" Namie scolded, closing the door. Eventually, she answered, "Ryoichi is still at work. He said he'll come as soon as he can."

Namie sighed, tired of lecturing me, and looked down at my bikinis. My red and white one isn't too revealing, but it does tie on at the hips. She found my white one with the camel-toe slit too gauche. It took a long time to talk her into taking one. She eventually stripped out of her clothes, and tried on the red and white.

"You look great! C'mon. Let's go down, and show the boys," I burbled pulling her towards the door.

"Emi! You're still naked!" she squealed.

"Oh, yeah, right. I guess I should put one on too," I giggled.

Namie smacked her forehead, exasperated at my goofiness. I quickly pulled the white bikini on, and dragged Namie downstairs to show everyone.

Ryosuke was out in the backyard with Namie's brother, Hideki, and uncle Yuuzou. Hideki was as cute as ever with his crew cut and big black eyes. Ryosuke looked us up and down. I got Namie to turn around to show them her thong behind, but she got all embarrassed. Ryosuke was absolutely beaming. Uncle Yuuzou marveled that I'd managed to talk Namie into wearing such a skimpy little suit. Apparently, she usually dresses more modestly around her parents.

Hideki was trying to act unimpressed. He just said we should get going. I ran upstairs, and fetched my hoodie, while Namie pulled on a pair of shorts and a beach cover-up. Norika stayed with Sachie at the house, while Namie, Ryosuke, Hideki and I headed for the beach.

It was sweltering hot out that day, and the beach was absolutely packed. Katase Enoshima is a bit of a hot spot, bringing in tons of beach-lovers from Tokyo on weekends. We found a spot, and got undressed. Some of the guys were kind of checking me out. I guess that means I look good. Ryosuke was wearing board shorts, fairly long. It took a bit of coaxing to get Namie out of her shorts, and even then she kept going into the water to hide. Ryosuke came in swimming with us, while Hideki mostly stayed on shore. I horsed around with Ryosuke in the water a bit. It was fun.

All too soon, Namie got a call from Ryoichi who was on his way. We headed over to the Surf Center to shower off, and change. In the girls' changing room, I stripped out of my soggy bikini, wrapped it in a bag, and packed it away in my backpack. It felt good to get naked, and shower off. I basked in the spray, washing off all the sand. Once I was done, I toweled off, squatted down, and looked through my bag, only then realizing I'd left my skirt and undies back in Namie's bedroom! Oh no!

I wasn't sure what to do, but anyway, I pulled on my white hoodie, and checked it for length in the mirror. I'm probably not the best judge of these things. It looked alright to me at the front, but at the back, I guess I could kind of feel my butt cheeks. Maybe it'll be alright. I should get a second opinion, but Namie was still off in the shower area.

In a bit of a quandary, I walked over to the open door, and peered out looking to see if Ryosuke had come out yet. I wasn't really planning on going out, but in any case, Namie finally returned, and shrieked at me,

"Emi! Wait! You can't go outside like that!"

She was right of course. I guess I did look pretty indecent with my bare bottom showing. I came back, and explained meekly,

"I think I left my skirt at your place..."

Namie picked up my soaking wet towel, and held it out for me to wear. I fiddled with my hoodie some more in the mirror, but I couldn't really get it to stay, so I finally took the icky towel from her, and tied it around my waist. I didn't like the soggy feel, but I guess it was better than going out there half naked!

As soon as we both were ready, we went out. Ryosuke looked at me a bit funny, but I just said,

"What?" and handed him my backpack, so I'd at least have my hands free. OK. Maybe I do look strange, out here in this wet towel, but this would have to do for now. Namie did her best to change the subject, dragging us across the street to join Ryoichi in a cafe.

"Ryo-chan," Namie burbled. "You remember Emi, and her boyfriend, Ryosuke."

I bowed to him, a bit nervous. He was friendly though, and did remember.

"Emi. You were at our wedding."

"Yeah, that's right. I worked reception with Hideki."

Ryoichi and I chatted a bit. He's into motorbike racing. I didn't really know much about that world, but he seemed nice enough. Eventually, suppertime rolled around, so we paid. Ryoichi led us all to his SUV, offering to give us a ride to Sachi's where we'd been invite for supper.

Ryoichi opened the side door waiting for me to get in. I think he was watching as I climbed up and inside. I could kind of feel the knot coming loose, so I scurried in heading for the back. Soon though, I felt something tugging at my towel. It was Ryosuke. I don't know if he was trying to get my attention or what, but suddenly, my knot came undone, and my towel fell off! I was so shocked! Here I was standing there bottomless!

Embarrassed, I pushed down my hoodie, but I still couldn't get it to cover my bare bottom. I glared back at Ryosuke, but he looked shocked too. Honestly, he should have known better. What did he think I was wearing? Even so, he was looking at me, like this was somehow my fault!

Hideki climbed in, so I scooted around behind the middle seats to hide. I was worried that Hideki might see my bare bottom, but I don't think he did. Even so, I was blushing like crazy by then. My face felt so hot. We were right in the middle of the parking lot, and there were people outside here and there. I tried to keep down, and hide, but my hello kitty was tingling like crazy.

Ryosuke came, and sat down, but he seemed to be dazed, staring at me in disbelief. I covered my pussy with one hand, and sat down, but I was so sensitive down there. I had to be careful not to set myself off. To keep from coming, I balanced myself on the seat's edge, trying not to rub up against anything.

Ryoichi glanced back at me in the rear-view mirror, but I don't think he saw what had happened. He started the van, and pulled out onto the open highway. Here I was bottomless with all these cars streaming by. Realizing the danger, I motioned for Ryosuke to get my towel. It was lying on the floor further up, but actually, before he could get it, Hideki handed it to Namie who was sitting up front. My heart sank as she packed it away in her bag. There goes my towel!

I looked to Ryosuke to do something, but he wasn't sure what to do either. He was cupping his hands over his crotch, trying to hide his erection I guess. Eventually, he called out to Namie,

"Do you have a spare towel or something? Emi needs one to dry off."

Namie rifled through her bag, and then held up a fresh white towel.

"How's this?" she asked.

"Um, yeah, sure, anything!" I gushed, nearly frantic. I motioned for Namie to throw the towel to me, but she was all buckled in, and facing the other way, so she just held it there, waiting for someone to take it. I whispered at Ryosuke to get it, but he was too busy trying to hide his hard-on. I bounced up and down in my seat, probably only make things worse. From the way he was acting, I thought Ryosuke wanted me to go get the towel. I reluctantly pulled my hoodie down over my pussy, and stood up, leaning forward so as not to hit the ceiling of the van.

I guess at the time I knew this was a bad idea. Bent over this way, my whole backside was showing. Hideki was right there, and there were all these cars streaming by outside. I looked to Ryosuke for support, but he was no help at all. Hideki was gazing off out the window though, so maybe he won't notice. Reluctantly, I slowly teetered forward, trying to keep my pussy covered at least.

Unfortunately, as soon as I came up next to him, Hideki looked over. He looked so shocked to see me naked. It was like my hoodie had shrunk. I couldn't cover anything. I gave him a teary-eyed look, to at least let him know this wasn't my idea. I leaned way forward, and grabbed the towel out of Namie's hand. I paused there for a moment, trying to straighten out the towel to take look at it. Hideki was going crazy now, but I needed a second to get organized.

Suddenly, the van kind of swerved.

"Whoa!" I gasped, spreading my legs, and grabbing the door handle to keep from falling. Hideki looked even more shocked. I think he could see my pussy. Namie told me to sit back down, so I finally wrapped the towel around my behind. It was too short to tie a knot in, but at least I had something to cover up with. I finally made it back, and sat down.

Ryosuke had this peevish look on his face. He was still trying to make out like this was all my fault!

Before long, we arrived at Sachi's. Ryoichi came round, and opened the side door, and Hideki and Ryosuke bundled out. I stood up, and tried to get the towel to cover my behind. I couldn't really keep everything covered. This new towel was dryer and cleaner, but just a short little thing. I reluctantly climbed out, even more embarrassed out onto the street. None of their neighbors seemed to be around, but I could see people down at the corner.

Hideki and Ryoichi both stared at me. I got so unnerved I dropped my towel!

"Kyaa!" I squealed, covering my pussy with my hand. Probably the worst problem was I was getting all excited. Ryosuke quickly scooped up my towel, and handed it to me. "Don't look," I whined, as I took the towel from him, and tried to wrap it round my behind.

Namie was on the far side, so luckily, she didn't see. I got Ryosuke to cover me, as we made our way round the back of the van. Hideki got out his smartphone and was trying to take my picture. It was all happening so fast I nearly lost my towel again.

Ryosuke unlatched the front gate, and I barreled past him, up the stairs, rushing inside. Aunt Sachi came out into the hall, wiping her hands on her apron. My face must have been so red.

"Emi, what are you...?" she asked, surprised.

"Where are my clothes?"

"Oh. Were those yours? On Namie's bed? I put them in the wash..."

"Can you get me something quick? Hideki is right behind me," I hissed. Sachi just stood there gaping. I don't think she realized I was naked at first. When Hideki came in, she went over to help him, leaving me standing here. Namie came in, but she headed off upstairs.

"Auntie, my clothes?" I repeated, my heart all atwitter. Sachi called up the stairs to Namie,

"Nami, darling, can you bring Emi down something to wear?"

Hideki pried off his shoes, obviously intending to come after me. I backed away down the hall, and into the kitchen. Norika was there cooking. She took one look at me, and broke out laughing. Unlike Sachie, she realized I was commando right away.

"You weren't running around at the beach like that I hope," she joked.

"Norika! This is serious. Get me some clothes... quickly!"

Norika pointed to her apron, questioning if I wanted it.

"But you have to help us cook," she teased.

"Oh please, Nori, do something. Hideki is after me with his camera."

"I could have told you something like this would happen...," she insisted.

"Nori! You're not helping."

Hideki appeared at the kitchen door, but I pushed it shut, losing my towel again. I could hear Sachi yelling at him,

"No horse play in the house!"

Sachi eventually got him to get away from the door, and she came in herself.

"What on earth are you wearing?" she squealed, when she saw that I was naked. She made me turn, and show her my bare bottom. "Heavens, Emi. Where is your swimsuit?"

"That's what I was trying to tell you. It got all wet and tangled, and then Ryosuke took my towel...," I explained. I thought she might get angry, but instead she broke out laughing.

"You really are the funniest girl," she marveled. I was relieved she wasn't angry, but that still didn't solve my problem.

"I offered her my apron," Norika interjected. "But she turned it down."

"I'll take it. I'll take anything," I pleaded.

"Namie is getting you something I'm sure," Sachi offered more gently.

Someone appeared at the back door, but luckily, it was only Ryosuke. He scooped up my towel, and handed it to me again. A pot was boiling, so Sachi turned to help Norika with dinner. I wrapped the towel around my hips once more, and tiptoed over to the back door. I motioned for Ryosuke to go get me something to wear, but he kind of shrugged, not knowing where to look.

"Don't you have a towel?" I asked him.

My uncle must have heard my voice, because he called out from the living room,

"Emi, is that you? Did you have a good day?"

"Um, yeah, sure," I replied, trying to sound cheerful.

"Why don't you come out here, and talk to us? It's so rarely we get to see you."

I looked down at my towel, still not really covering everything. I know I shouldn't go out there. Luckily, I heard Namie coming down the stairs. She opened the kitchen door, and peered in.

"Where did you put your skirt?" she whispered. "I can't find it."

Darn it! Sachi piped up.

"Oh I put that stuff in the laundry."

"When will the laundry be done?" I asked Sachi.

"I still have to put it in the dryer," she answered her voice trailing off. "Namie, help Norika with dinner here, and I'll go do that." From the living room, I could hear uncle Yuuzou and them talking about me.

"She's studying at university in America," my uncle told Ryoichi. I know my uncle means well, but I probably shouldn't go out there dressed like this. I hung at the back door, debating what to do. Yuuzou and Ryoichi were just making stuff up now, trying to be funny to see if I would correct them. Yuuzou called Oceanview U. an "Ivy League school," and Ryoichi asked if our "Major League" baseball team had any Japanese players.

Sachie came back, but she didn't have any clothes for me.

"What's it like studying in America?" Ryoichi asked me from the other room. I looked to Sachi to see what she thought I should do. She thought the whole thing was pretty funny. She gestured for me to go. I couldn't really get my towel to behave though. I was so excited my hands were shaking. Soon, Sachi called out,

"Supper's ready!"

Everyone started gathering around the dining room table, just outside the back door where I was standing. I still didn't have anything decent to wear, but I was hungry too. Ryosuke and Namie went out, and sat down, while Norika and Sachi carried food out to the table. I just kind of hung there as long as I could, but Yuuzou and them were probably all waiting for me to join them. I tried once again to get my jitters under control, and then quietly walked out and around to the far side of the table where they wanted me to sit. Ryoichi and Hideki were kind of staring at my bare hip, wondering why I was naked I guess.

Anyway, I sat down, and everyone started to pass around these big serving plates of hijiki, sablefish and squash. I had to let go of my towel to take the plate that Ryosuke passed me. Hideki peered down even more surprised at my bare behind, now that the towel had fallen open.

Ryoichi, fascinated, continued to question me,

"What do you like about studying in America?"

"Um, the freedom I guess," I answered hesitantly, more thinking about my nudity than anything else. "You can pretty much do whatever you want, wear whatever you want, and no one says anything."

Ryoichi blinked. Maybe he thought I was making a pitch for nudism. That's not actually what I was trying to say, although I guess it did sound that way. Trying to cover up, I lifted my bare bottom off the seat, pulled the towel out from under me, and draped it daintily across my pussy.

"What do you mean?" Ryoichi asked. "What do people do differently?"

"I don't know. Like the showers in the dorms are co-ed there," I offered. I was so excited at being naked I could hardly think of anything else.

"You're kidding!" he snorted.

"No, my friend Satomi lives in a dorm, and I sometimes sleep over. Ask Ryosuke."

I finally turned to Ryosuke, and realized he wasn't exactly happy with me teasing Ryoichi and them like this. In fact, I think he was jealous!

I did feel bad in a way. I mean Hideki who was sitting next to me was practically going cross-eyed trying to get a better look at my buns. On the other hand, though, this was kind of Ryosuke's fault for pulling off my towel in the first place! Don't you think so?

Ryosuke kind of changed the topic, talking about what it was like to work in the States. I was glad in a way for the rescue, but I felt hot and thirsty. Intending to get up, I picked up the serviette(?) on my lap, folded it neatly, and set it down on the table. It took me a second to realize that the serviette was my towel, and they could all now see my fluffy black bush. I pulled the towel back down onto my lap, but I was starting to get all excited again.

"Could someone bring me a glass of water?" I asked. Sachi nipped out to the kitchen, and got me one, and tried to pass it to me across the table. Holding the folded towel square against my bush with my left hand, I stood up, and reached across to take the glass from her. I knew Hideki could see my bare behind, but I was so wound up I almost didn't care anymore.

"Here, let me get you something to wear," Namie finally offered. I took a sip of water, but then followed Namie out into the living room. All eyes were on my hips, as I circled round behind Ryoichi. I was getting so heated up by then I could almost come. I reached under the towel, and started playing with my hello kitty, but Namie made me stop, and follow her down the hall, out of sight of all the guys. I offered her my apologies for flashing Ryoichi, but the whole thing was actually kind of fun looking back on it.

Emi Tsuruta 
