Betty The All-American Cock Tease
by RetroFan

Pretty tomboy Betty teases the boy next door.

INTRODUCTION - Pretty blonde All-American tomboy Betty already has a handsome boyfriend, but cannot resist teasing Eric, the nervous and awkward 18-year-old mama's boy next door, who has long had an unrequited crush on his neighbour and classmate. What will Betty do to tease Eric this weekend? Travel back in time to post-war America, meet Betty and find out for yourself.

MAINE USA 1948

From the time I emerged into the world in October 1929, I had always been an early riser. More parents have problems with getting their young children to go to bed and settle in the evening. I was never like this when I was a little girl, but I had the opposite problem. Regardless of the season, I would be awake well before dawn, pestering my twin brother Johnny to wake up too and play with me, or going downstairs to the living room to try and turn on Mom and Dad's radio.

I think my Dad's boss always wondered why he was so early for work most days. I once overheard my grandmother suggesting to my mother, "Alice, why don't you put a little whiskey into Betty's hot milk before bed? That way she will sleep through the night, and you and Harry can enjoy a good nights' sleep." I don't think Mom ever tried that trick with me, maybe Grandma did it with Mom and her sister during their formative years, I couldn't say.

Years later and I was no longer a little girl, I had turned 18 last fall, was a senior in high school and would graduate in a few months' time as part of the Class of 1948, as would my twin brother and our friends. I still had the habit of rising early, but now would use the time to study. With such a busy schedule in my final year of high school, time to hit the books among fitting everything else in was limited.

This morning I wasn't studying after I awoke at 4.30. Instead I got out of bed, smoothing down my nightdress, adjusting my panties around my bottom as they had ridden up during sleep and walking as quietly as I could on my bare feet, so as not to awaken the other members of my family, all of whom were in deep slumbers in their respective bedrooms.

My destination was the bathroom, and I carried the clothes I would be wearing this morning with me under one arm, for me to change into after I took a shower. But first I needed to sit on the toilet for a while, the call of nature upon wakening obvious.

I opened the bathroom door and turned on the light and exhaust fan, closing and locking the door behind myself, thinking that I was not the earliest riser in the area this morning. So who was up before me? Was it the milkman? Most mornings yes, but this was a Saturday. No, the person up before me was next door, and he had probably been awake for some time in the house next door, hiding behind the curtains in his own bedroom with his binoculars which he always claimed were for bird-watching, eagerly awaiting our bathroom light to illuminate in the darkness of the pre-dawn.

My first stop in the bathroom was the bench near the shower and bathtub, on which I placed my clothes. Then I made my way to the window, opening it and the cool New England early morning spring air fresh off the Atlantic Ocean flowing in.

Why would I open the bathroom window like that? Was it to assist the exhaust fan to extricate any steam when I showered? Was it to assist with removing any unpleasant smells that one associates with bathrooms but best left undiscussed? Sort of in both cases, but it was not the main reason. The reason was that the glass in the bathroom window was frosted to allow privacy. And if the window remained closed, he wouldn't be able to see me.

My vagina tingled between my legs as I walked towards the toilet, knowing he was watching me. I reached behind myself, adjusting my nightdress, giving him a quick glimpse of the white full brief panties I was wearing underneath. Soon he would see a whole lot more of me. However, there would be a slight delay to this.

I stopped short as I reached the toilet, noticing several things. One, the seat was up. Two, there was no toilet paper on the roll holder, just an empty cardboard tube. This was not a surprise. As the only daughter in the family, I shared the bathroom with three brothers, who much as I loved them, hadn't quite figured out that their sister had to do things somewhat differently in the bathroom.

There was my twin brother Johnny of course, and for our formative years our family was a four person nuclear family -- father, mother, son and daughter. Then a few years later my parents must have forgotten how much disruption two babies in the house at once can cause -- late night feeds, changing diapers, teething, crying, colic and the like -- and so in 1935 Johnny and I welcomed our younger brother Andy, and less than a year later our youngest brother Richie came into the world.

The three boys -- who had brown hair like Dad while I was blonde like Mom - seemed to take a 'Betty will fix it' attitude to the bathroom. The toilet seat left up? Betty will put it down next time she goes to the bathroom. No toilet paper? Betty will get some more when she needs to use the toilet, regardless of how much of a hurry Betty might be in or if she has girls' problems. Splashing water out of the shower or bath onto the floor? Betty will mop it up. Spill toothpaste or soap around the sink? Betty will clean it up. A wet towel is left on the floor? Betty will pick it up and hang it on the rail to dry.

With Mom's sister and her husband, they had their kids the other way around to us -- three girls and one boy. And Dad's brother and his wife also had four kids -- two boys and two girls. I don't think my out-numbered male maternal cousin would have dared upset his three sisters by committing the sins of leaving the toilet seat up or no toilet paper for the girls to use.

Sighing and rolling my eyes, I went into the small storage closet and retrieved a roll of toilet paper. As I removed the empty cardboard tube from the roll holder and replaced it with the new toilet roll, I knew he was watching me in eager anticipation, a growing bulge not caused by a hernia at the front of his pants and his trembling fingers on his binoculars trying to focus on me.

I put down the toilet seat, then turned around with my back to it, lifting up my nightdress to expose my white cotton full brief panties I was wearing underneath, knowing my secret voyeur was watching me. Hooking my thumbs into my panty waistband, I pulled them down to my ankles, my triangle of pubic hair growing all over my feminine mound proving I was a natural blonde. I sat down on the toilet, getting my bare bottom nice and comfortable on the somewhat cold toilet seat, sitting with my knees open knowing full well that he was focusing his binoculars upon my crotch.

My vagina was getting very wet knowing he was spying on my genitals, and it wasn't only because I began to pee, the yellow stream emerging from my urethra and tinkling against the porcelain of the toilet bowl and into the water itself, the sound of me urinating filling the bathroom. I knew he was looking at me through the small gap in the drapes, not sure where to look.

Was it at my face that showed my relief as my bladder emptied into the toilet? Was it at my pubic hair and my vagina, visible between my legs? Or was it at my lowered panties and my bare feet? Even when we talked and I happened to be barefoot, he would always be looking down at my bare feet. Perhaps it was to do with his shyness around me having had a crush on me for years, or maybe he liked my feet?

I looked down at my panties as I finished peeing, seeing my creamy colored feminine stains all over the soft double cotton panty saddle, courtesy of my vagina self-cleansing during sleep. Could my voyeur see my private pussy stains on my panties? I hoped so.

Reaching out for the toilet roll, I unwound some toilet paper and applied it to my vagina, wiping away my pee. I let the toilet tissue fall into the bowl, and remained sitting on the toilet to empty my bowels. As I did just this, I knew I was being watched by him, and that he was seeing me do the most personal and private things on the toilet. My vagina tingled, and as I advanced the toilet roll to get more toilet paper to wipe my bottom I felt the tissue sticking to my aroused vulva, before I pulled it backwards to my anus.

Knowing I was being watched while I was sitting on the toilet was so exciting, sort of like a carnival ride at a fair ground, and I relished every moment of it as I sat pooing, intermittently getting toilet paper to wipe my anus. I wouldn't have been so happy had he been in the bathroom with me, it would have been a bit embarrassing to me for him to hear and smell what I was doing on the toilet, but being watched from this distance was very arousing.

Again, I looked down at my lowered panties and bare feet as I moved my bowels, and thought about how last week he saw a lot more when he watched me on the toilet. Lots of guys -- my brothers among them -- seemed to think that the notion that non-pregnant women shed the linings of their uterus every 28 days, the blood flowing down their birth canals and out of their vaginas, a process known as menstruation or having a period was all a myth, probably more wishful thinking on their part. But thanks to his spying on me, my voyeur would have seen that it was all 100 percent true.

For one week each month he got to see me using the toilet while I was on my period -- a process that always took longer due to all the blood that flowed out of me and the rather unfortunate effects menstruation had upon my bowels - my sanitary belt pulled down with my panties, a white rectangular blood-stained napkin attached to it. And when I finished using the toilet he would watch me changing my dirty blood-filled period pad, removing it from the belt and taking a new one and attaching it to the hoops. I would then pull up my sanitary belt, adjusting my new napkin so it would be comfortable between my legs and the right position for me to bleed into, before pulling up my panties to cover my feminine protection.

Being watched during my ladies days doing such private and personal female things was so arousing, and I knew he liked it too. I would place my used period pads in brown paper bags to dispose of in the outside trash, and I would see him hanging around, trying to make it obvious that he wasn't watching me dispose of my napkins and liking what he saw, failing dismally but me never calling him out on it. And another time he was in the pharmacy waiting for a prescription when I walked in and asked the female clerk for sanitary towels. As I paid for the feminine hygiene products, of course sold in plain brown packaging for maximum discretion, I could see that he was trying not to eavesdrop, but that he was very much interested in what I was buying.

Normally having a period was not something I relished -- I had a heavy flow, menstrual cramps and didn't feel my best -- things my female cousins and friends had also complained about when they had their monthlies. No wonder we sometimes called it the curse. And I could not have started my first period on a more significant day when I was aged 12 -- 7 December 1941, the day Pearl Harbor was attacked by the Japanese, bringing America into the war. I sure wasn't going to forget it. So knowing he eagerly anticipated my period each month, I did too.

But just who was 'he'? Was he my boyfriend? No, far from it, I already had a boyfriend named Bobby, one of my brother's best friends and very handsome, we had grown up together, went to high school together and we had been going steady for some time. And there was no way I wanted Bobby to see me using the toilet or having my periods, and there was no way he would want to see this either. My secret voyeur was named Eric, and we had also grown up together and were now seniors in the same high school. Like me, he was born in October 1929, but despite being next door neighbors since our formative years, he wasn't anything like me or any of the other kids in the Maine town we grew up in.

I kept thinking about my neighbor/classmate as I continued to sit on the toilet, my mind taking me back years. I had grown up a typical All-American girl, and something of a tomboy due to my love of sports. During childhood I would more frequently be found outdoors climbing trees, building forts and playing Cowboys and Indians or playing football, baseball and basketball with my brother, male cousins and male friends than indoors playing quietly with the other girls. However, during the cold snowy winters and wet fall and spring days of New England I would be only too happy to stay indoors in the warm with the other girls and play quietly.

Despite my tomboyish ways as a kid, I always had a feminine appearance and wore my blonde hair long, and had no qualms about wearing skirts and dresses. As I grew older and my body changed into that of a young lady, I knew that I was pretty (but of course I was always too modest to say it aloud) and boys found me desirable. Not least Eric, who had had a crush on me for as long as I could remember.

Reaching for some more toilet paper, my memory took me back into the past again, thinking about how different Eric was from all the other kids in the town and surrounding towns in this region of New England. All of us were sports mad, and most of us played a variety of sports. I ran track at school and played for a girls' softball team.

With his tall skinny frame devoid of any muscle tone and his poor eyesight that lead to him wearing glasses that lenses as thick as the bottom of bottles, Eric was not into sports at all, always the last picked and a hindrance rather than a help to the boys in gym class. He was most uncoordinated, and even at age 18 could not throw or catch a ball properly, or run a lap of the oval at school without getting puffed. Most significantly, he was unable to drive an automobile or even ride a bicycle. Seeing Eric setting off on his tricycle to run errands made me feel embarrassed, and I wasn't the one riding the darn tricycle, I had been able to ride a two-wheeler since I was about four.

Eric's life was not helped by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Higgins. The only reason I knew that their first names were Cecily and Fred was because one day the mailman delivered one of their letters to our house by mistake. At first I thought that Mr. and Mrs. Higgins were Eric's grandparents, and that he had been orphaned when younger and raised by his grandmother and grandfather, but no they were his parents. I also speculated that perhaps Mr. and Mrs. Higgins were unable to have children, and had adopted Eric from a children's home. But that wasn't the case either, Eric and his father both wore the same thick glasses and looked similar facially so they were biological father and son. However, Mr. and Mrs. Higgins must have been aged at least in their mid-40s when their son was born.

Having such older parents was definitely a hindrance to Eric's social development, as was the fact that he had no brothers and sisters. He was the only true only child I knew. Nor did he have any cousins. His grandparents were all long dead, and the only relative we had ever seen visit the Higgins house in all the time we had been neighbors was his Aunt Edna his mother's sister.

Aunt Edna was very similar to her sister -- I think the two sisters were quite close in age -- but was a lifelong spinster. Both women who sported grey curly hair and glasses constantly looked like they drank juice from unripe lemons and limes, and seemingly disapproved of everything fun in life. Just how Eric was born at all was a bigger mystery than Flight 19. Maybe storks really did deliver infants to families?

While I more rarely encountered Eric's Aunt Edna, I knew Mrs. Higgins had absolutely no time for me. Well not just me, but my brothers and parents too, and the same was true of Eric's father, although Mr. Higgins seldom spoke at all, just mumbled and let his wife do the talking for both of them. Dad had once invited Mr. Higgins and his family over for a barbeque, and the man just stared at him before turning and walking inside and of course they did not come over. Likewise, Mom's invitations to Mrs. Higgins to come over for coffee were always refused.

In our younger years, Johnny and I tried to make friends with Eric, feeling bad for him living all alone with his much older parents. But his mother was having none of it, thinking my brother and I were bad influences upon her son. We invited him to play basketball with us one day in our driveway, an invitation Eric shyly accepted and just when he was coming out of his shell and starting to enjoy himself, his mother came storming across and marched her son back to our house, admonishing Johnny and I for 'introducing her son to contact sports where he could get hurt.

Mrs. Higgins' fears that we were a bad influence only stepped up from late 1941, when America joined the war and our father enlisted in the Navy and our mother had to go back to work. This meant that Johnny and I had to collect our younger brothers from their school, walk them home and babysit them and do chores until our mother returned in the early evening. It taught us responsibility that was for sure, but Mrs. Higgins and her sister were horrified by the situation, referring to us as 'Latchkey Kids' and taking even more steps to protect Eric from us corrupting him.

And it seemed that anything that I did was corrupting upon Eric. Once when I was 13 I accidentally hit a baseball into the Higgins' garden, and Mrs. Higgins was outraged that I asked Eric to throw it back, thinking that I was again trying to get him into sports without her permission. Then in 1943 my grandparents bought me a new Andrews Sisters record for my 14th birthday, and when Eric was passing by with rain starting to fall I invited him in to listen to it.

Eric seemed to like the Andrews Sisters' catchy tunes, shyly saying that his parents only had a wireless to listen to the news and a gramophone on which they would play old records from before 1920, but unfortunately what we didn't know was that Eric's mother had seen him come to our house and followed her son across. Eric was marched home and promised a grounding, while I was afforded a lecture, some glaring and my mother received a letter of complaint about my behavior, this time by encouraging her son to listen to corrupting and hedonistic music.

Five years on, it seemed Mrs. Higgins' attitude to modern music hadn't changed and I was still as bad an influence as ever, Mrs. Higgins clearly having identified me as a floozy in the making. Just several weeks ago I got on Mrs. Higgins wrong side again in town, when I got talking to Eric outside the diner where inside other teenagers were playing the jukebox, listening to Dinah Shore, Jo Stafford and Doris Day. Soon we heard not one but two women clearing their throats in disapproval, and tuned to see not only Eric's mother but his aunt as well. I was glared at like I was a cockroach, rodent or some other type of vermin, while Eric was led away to his aunt's car while getting a lecture from both women.

I think his Aunt Edna's car was the only car that Eric had been in in his life. That he didn't drive wasn't a surprise given his parents did not drive. His mother took the bus everywhere, and his father caught a bus to the office each day and returned every evening the same way. He had done this every day for years, leaving the house at the exact same moment and returning always at the same time, even during the war. Admittedly Mr. Higgins was probably was too old to enlist by 1941, but still, it was odd that his routine never changed during the war, not once. Perhaps he had served in the Great War, but I never asked him, like his wife he didn't like me and I think I had probably exchanged three words with the man in all the time I had known him.

Probably he would have plenty to say if he and his wife knew that I was deliberately sitting on the toilet with the bathroom window wide open, while their son hid in his bedroom with binoculars watching everything I was doing. Not for too much longer though, I finished emptying my bowels and unwound a few lengths of toilet paper to wipe myself clean.

Finally done, I stood up off the toilet and pulled up my panties, knowing full well that he was watching me. Adjusting my panties around my bottom and smoothing down my nightdress, I put down the lid of the toilet, thinking that as my brothers hadn't worked out how to put down a toilet seat that they no doubt thought the lid was some superfluous decoration that served no purpose. I pressed down the handle and flushed the toilet, the sound filling the bathroom.

Walking on my bare feet to the sink, my vagina tingling as I knew I was being watched through Eric's binoculars and the sound of the toilet cistern refilling continuing, I completed my visit to the toilet by thoroughly washing my hands with plenty of soap and warm water, before drying them on the hand towel. I did not leave the sink however, as I had other things to do.

The first probably wasn't all that sexy to Eric, it was brushing my teeth. I did however open my mouth wide on a number of occasions to show the white toothpaste over my tongue and teeth. I thought about what other sticky white substances had been in my mouth before. Mom and Dad would have absolutely died if they had known what Bobby and I had gotten up to when he drove me up to Lovers' Lane and we parked.

One time, the sticky white substance had ended up over my hands when my hands freed my boyfriend's penis and testicles from his pants and I gave him manual relief. Another time I learned to do something very unladylike with my mouth, Bobby filling it with that same sticky white substance which I eagerly drank. And other times I had taken off my panties and made myself fully available to Bobby in the back seat of the car, making sure that Bobby had gone to the barber's store not for a haircut but to purchase certain items beforehand to prevent the same sticky white substance going up my birth canal and into my uterus and fallopian tubes to find one of my eggs released that month. Much as Bobby and I loved each other, no way did I want to end up pregnant at age 18 and Bobby and I one of those young couples who had to get married while still in high school.

I finished brushing my teeth, giving me minty-fresh breath, and rinsed out my mouth. I stood at the open window inhaling cool fresh air and thinking about what other bad things I could do to tease my neighbor. I looked at my safety razor, and the answer was obvious. I had to attend to certain female landscaping, and for that I needed to take off my nightdress.

Trembling with nervous excitement, I lifted up my nightdress and took it off over my head, exposing my C-cup breasts. Knowing he was staring at my naked breasts through his binoculars, I stood bare chested at the window and applied some soap to my underarms. Taking my razor, I shaved the hair that was starting to grow under my armpits, knowing he was watching the entire process.

My underarms now shaved, I rinsed the razor and looked down at my legs. Being a blonde I didn't have excessive hair on my body, but a leg shave was still a must. I could have done it while still wearing my panties, but I was pretty sure that Eric would prefer me to do it completely nude.

Accordingly, I turned my back to the window and pulled my panties down, knowing that Eric could see my bare bottom as I slid my underwear down my long shapely legs to my bare feet and stepped out of my pants. The cheeks of my bottom no doubt held much attention from Eric, but soon I would let him see even more of me as I bent forward to pick my panties off the bathroom floor.

With my legs slightly apart, Eric would have gotten a perfect view of my vagina and anus as I bent over, thrusting my bottom high in the air so my voyeur could see my genitals and anal area in some detail through his binoculars. I felt the need to sate an itch on one of my bare toes so stayed in this position longer than I normally would have, my clitoris feeling aflame and my vulva getting wetter by the second as I picked up my panties and put them to one side.

I turned back to face the window, thinking about Eric looking at my triangle of blonde pubic hair as I applied some soap to my legs and began to shave them. For part of the process I had to put one leg on the bathtub, my crotch completely exposed to Eric's view, my vagina spread wide. If Eric's binoculars were powerful, he would not only have seen my pubic hair, my pussy and my anus, but my tight little pee-hole too.

With my legs shaved I again rinsed the razor, and knew it was far from the end of show-time for Eric, and I thought about the young man watching me as I walked completely naked to the shower and turned it on. If I had wanted to shower in privacy I could have closed the curtains. Did I want to shower in privacy? Of course I didn't, as soon as the water was warm enough I jumped under the droplets and began to shower.

I soaped up my body from my face down to my bare feet, lathering my naked breasts with plenty of soap, which in turn ran down my stomach to my naval and my pubic hair. I knew Eric was watching as I turned my attention to my more private female areas between my legs. I applied lots of soap to my feminine mound, my pubic hair getting full of soap and bubbles and used a cloth to thoroughly wash my vulva, as no good girl would want to have a smelly vagina. Not that I was a good girl, at 18 I had gone all the way with my boyfriend a number of times and now I was allowing the weird boy next door to watch me shower, this after he watched me on the toilet earlier, but still good feminine hygiene practices should be an essential part of any young woman's day.

Turning around, knowing Eric could see my bare bottom I thoroughly washed my anal area with the cloth, the soft fabric feeling so good on the entrance to my bowels, the most private part of my young body. With seven people in our house I couldn't take a long shower and use up all the hot water, so I rinsed off, the soapy water running down my legs to my bare feet and the shower floor and going down the drain.

I stepped my naked dripping young body out of the shower and onto the mat, drying myself with a towel. I think Eric would have liked to be my towel, especially when I dried my dripping wet breasts followed by my more intimate areas. I dried my pubic hair first, then my vagina, moving the towel between my legs front to back to dry my anus and buttocks, mindful that like when girls wipe their bottoms during a visit to the toilet they also needed to dry their female areas front to back too to be more hygienic, and avoid the risk of a urinary tract infection.

Nice and dry, I hanged my towel out to dry -- something my two younger brothers hadn't really mastered yet -- and picked up my fresh new panties, white full brief panties like the ones I had worn to bed, pulling them up and adjusting them around my vulva and bottom so they were comfortable. I put on my white bra to restrain and cover my big young boobs, then picked up my checked shirt and then my overalls, pulling them up and adjusting the straps over my shoulders. I didn't bother with shoes and still had bare feet, this combined with the checked shirt and denim overalls giving me a tomboy look, which was apt given my personality.

There was nothing interesting for Eric to see now, so I closed the bathroom window, opened the bathroom door, turned off the light and went back to my bedroom, where I sat in front of my dresser, brushing my long blonde hair and extending my long legs out, wriggling my bare toes. I had often seen Eric looking at my bare feet, clearly he liked them. Oddly enough, Bobby seemed to like my bare feet too, and would play plenty of attention to them when we were enjoying ourselves at Lover's Lane.

Eric could also see my pussy, but of course not the one between my legs. Rather he could see our pet cat, a pretty black and white tuxedo cat named Rosie which had leaped onto my bed and was cleaning her ears and whiskers. I had once asked Eric if his family had any pets. Apparently his parents didn't believe in them.

I heard Johnny getting up, my brother walking to the bathroom and I guessed Eric would probably move away from the window now and hide his binoculars. He only wanted to see the female half of the Reilly twins naked, not the male half. Other kids had said some very unkind things about Eric over the years -- and unfortunately my younger brothers were on the list -- and one of the terms often used was 'homosexual'. But I knew that was not true. Given Eric's voyeurism of me, he was definitely not a queer.

*

All seven members of our family were up and about early today, it was a busy Saturday for all of us. Mom and Dad were leaving early to go to a wedding in another town about 40 miles away, our aunt and uncle were coming to collect them soon. Mom was wearing a nice dress and hat, while Dad wore his best suit and hat.

As for me and my brothers, we were going to be doing our chores early this Saturday morning, and had different plans for the afternoon. Andy and Richie were going to a sleepover with some of their male cousins and friends, and knowing what these boys were like I was glad not to be the one supervising them.

Johnny had an interesting afternoon and evening planned. He and some of his friends -- my boyfriend Bobby included -- were going as observers and to assist with some basic support functions at a joint training exercise between the Navy and Coast Guard. They would be staying overnight and not back until early Sunday afternoon. Our high school and others in the other region often organized exercises with the police, fire brigade and armed services for boys who were interested in careers in these organizations.

It would have been neat if the girls had been allowed to go too, but unfortunately not, it was boys only. Once during a careers day at school I had told some female teachers that I would have liked to join the Navy, given my father served with them in the war. It was recommended that I take typing and shorthand, as the men at the naval bases always needed girls to type for them, until the girls got married and had to leave the service.

My Saturday included a girls' softball game in the early afternoon. With so many kids at the local schools who loved sports finding time for all the different teams to play was a challenge, so the girls' softball games were always played on Saturday afternoons. This afternoon we were playing against a team from a girls' Catholic Parochial boarding school, who were pretty good opposition.

"So good luck with your game today Betty, and I hope you and your friends learn plenty at the Navy and Coast Guard training camp Johnny," said Mom, as our aunt and uncle's car pulled into the driveway.

"Thanks Mom," Johnny and I said in unison.

"I know you and your friends will win today Betty," said Dad as he drained the last of his coffee and adjusted his hat. "And Johnny, I hope you decide that a Coast Guard career is for you after tonight, it is a very rewarding job. Pay attention and listen to everything they say."

"Yes Sir," said Johnny.

Dad then turned to my younger brothers. "You behave yourselves at the sleepover tonight, your mother and I don't want to hear any more negative reports from your Aunt about annoying the neighbors' dogs again."

"We'll be good," said Andy.

"Yeah, we promise," said Richie.

"That had better be the case, otherwise your father and I will have a fun summer ahead planned for you two boys of math revision and writing essays," Mom promised them, collecting her purse as she and Dad made for the door.

"Have a good time at the wedding," I said as our parents went on their way, the sound of our aunt and uncle's car driving away up the street audible.

Johnny turned on the kitchen radio, and all four of us got busy with our chores. One of mine was doing my laundry, and soon I was carrying my clothes out to the line to dry. Not to my surprise, who should be on the other side of the hedge that separated our garden from the Higgins' garden but Eric with a pair of garden shears, pruning the hedge.

He looked at me through his thick glasses, delighted and almost disbelieving to see me appear. It was like I was a famous movie star like Lauren Bacall, Olivia de Havilland or Rita Hayworth and he was star-struck. Or if President Truman or King George VI from England had both turned up and cheerfully greeted Eric with 'good morning.' I acted casually as Eric looked my overall clad figure up and down from my blonde hair to my bare feet, and gave him a friendly wave and greeting. "Hi Eric."

"Oh hi, um, hello, good afternoon, I mean morning Betty," Eric stammered, getting tongue-tied as he always did with me.

One thing about Eric was that he dressed more like he was from actual England rather than New England on the other side of the Atlantic. Today he wore a beige shirt, beige knee-length shorts, a beige knitted pullover and brown shoes and socks. Coupled with his glasses it made him look so square, and a target for bullies male and female.

Still, at least Eric wasn't wearing socks and sandals like one day at the beach down on the Maine Shore last summer, his parents and aunt dressed like they were going to church. My two younger brothers thought Eric's socks and sandals funnier than watching a Laurel and Hardy movie, and despite Johnny and I warning Andy and Richie not to laugh at Eric, it only seemed to encourage them even more and they sounded like a pair of hyenas.

The awkwardness thing around me was nothing new either. It happened everywhere, at home, at school, at church and in many other places. Like most teenagers Johnny and I had part time jobs to earn money, Johnny and Bobby working at a store packing shelves while I would work shifts at a restaurant waiting tables in my black dress and white apron.

One time, Eric came in with his family and I was to serve them. Poor Eric, at 18-years-of-age having his mother and aunt sitting next to him constantly reminding him to sit up straight, use his cutlery properly with his mother at one stage using a table napkin to wipe soup from the corner of her son's mouth. I felt embarrassed for Eric, especially as all this was happening in front of me. All the time his father sat there saying nothing as usual, plus they were lousy tippers. I would have preferred them to leave me no tip, rather than the insulting amount they did leave.

"So, it's swell weather today?' I said, beginning to hang out my clothes.

"Yeah, I mean no, I mean I guess," said Eric, blushing and again looking at my bare feet.

I just acted casually and kept talking about various things as I pegged out my clothes on the line, Eric getting more and more flustered especially as I reached my underwear. Most of my bras and panties were pure white, but I had some pink, light blue and lemon colored underwear as well, and I had to hide my amusement as Eric tried to make it seem as though he wasn't looking at my bras and my panties now drying in the sun, his spectacle-covered eyes going from the sky to the grass, to my bare feet, to the trees and the power poles.

With my last pair of panties now pegged out, I picked up the laundry basket. "Well see you later Eric," I said.

"No, I mean maybe Betty, see you later," Eric stammered while blushing, me feeling him watching the shape of my bottom through the denim of my overalls.

Eric kept casting discrete glances at my drying underwear as he continued to trim the hedge, and my brothers and I continued to do our chores, this time cleaning the first floor windows. Our chores done, we went back inside mid-morning to get ready for our afternoons.

I noticed that Eric also headed back inside at the same time as I did, and from my bedroom I noticed that Eric's bedroom curtains again were twitching? A spot of bird watching perhaps? Or spying on the girl next door?

Knowing it was the latter, I went into the bathroom and opened the window, before unclasping and pulling down my panties and sitting down barefoot on the toilet, the seat again left up thanks to my ever thoughtful brothers. This time I wasn't on the toilet as long as this morning for the simple reason I only needed to pee, but no doubt Eric enjoyed the show and focusing his binoculars upon my pussy and my pubic hair, me keeping my knees wide apart as I sat urinating into the toilet so he would have a good view between my legs.

My pee over, I got toilet paper and wiped my wet urethra and vulva, then stood up and flushed the lavatory, pulling up my panties and overalls, then washing my hands and leaving the bathroom. Eric would see more interesting things in my bedroom as I undressed completely and put on my sports briefs and bra, then my baseball uniform, a light blue uniform with knee-length pants and matching light blue socks. I braided my blonde hair into two long plaits, and put on my light blue baseball cap, grabbed my catchers' mitt and was ready to go.

While all this was happening, my brothers had been getting ready, Johnny, Andy and Richie packing overnight bags. The two younger boys were already outside as Johnny and I emerged, me holding the keys to our parents' car to drive into town. Andy and Richie were staring at a passing aircraft that flew away at some distance, a Catalina sea plane.

Johnny laughed. "You two boys looking for UFOs again?"

Andy and Richie turned around and became defensive. "No," Andy asserted.

"No we were looking at the plane, not for flying saucers," said Richie.

It was my turn to laugh. "Who are you two kidding, you're obsessed with flying saucers."

"No, you are obsessed with flying saucers Betty," Richie said, my younger brother glowering at me.

"Yes, I am," I joked sarcastically, knowing that my two brothers were well and truly caught up in the UFO craze that had been sweeping America since the last summer. "So, have you remembered your toothbrushes?"

Andy snorted in derision as we went into the garage. "Yes Mom!"

The boys put their things in the trunk, and while Andy and Richie climbed into the back of Dad's car, while I got into the drivers' side and started it. Johnny stayed outside to close the garage door after I reversed out, then jumped into the front passenger seat. Before I could back out further, Andy yelled out, "Hey Betty, there's your boyfriend!"

Puzzled that Bobby was here as he was supposed to meet us at the sports ground, I turned to look and there was Eric, pacing up and down near the bus stop looking worried.

"Yeah, really funny Andy," I said.

"Eric really loves you, Betty," said Richie, he and Andy laughing.

"Yeah, he does love you," said Andy. "Betty, Betty, where for art thou, Betty?"

"He is such a square," said Richie. "But he loves you Betty."

From the back seat of the car, both of my younger brothers began to sing. "Eric and Betty, sitting in a tree, K I S S I N G!"

"Okay, you need to stop making fun of poor Eric," said Johnny.

"But he's a loser, and it's fun to tease losers," asserted Andy.

"Yeah!" agreed Richie.

"No it's not, how would you feel if some boys thought you were losers and teased you?" I pointed out. I noticed that Eric was pacing up and down still, looking most worried. "I wonder what's wrong with him? We'd better see."

"Oh, you're not going to stop are you?" the horrified Andy asked.

"Yeah, if any of the other kids from school see they'll think we're squares too," complained Richie bitterly.

"Shush," Johnny warned our younger brothers, who looked out the car in dismay least should anyone from their Junior High be in the vicinity and see me stop and wind down the window.

"Hey Eric, everything okay there?"

Eric looked at the sky and then the sidewalk. "Mother said I could go into town."

"Well, that sounds nice," I said.

"It would be but I missed the bus and now I have to wait another hour," said Eric. "I would ride my tricycle but one of the tyres was flat. I pumped it up but I'm worried it might go flat again and I'd get stuck in town."

The very mention of the word 'tricycle' had my younger brothers cringing in horror. They were embarrassed enough to live next door to a boy who at age 18 rode a tricycle, hearing the subject mentioned in conversation made them want to run away and join the army.

"Well, that's no good, but how about we give you a lift?" I suggested. "We're going into town anyway?"

"Are you sure Betty?" Eric asked nervously.

"Of course I am, plus it will save you money," I said. "Now you'll only have to buy a bus fare home."

"Okay, thanks Betty," said Eric. "As long as it is okay?"

"Yeah, it's swell," said Johnny. He turned to Andy and Richie. "Boys, shift over so Eric can get in the back."

The boys rolled their eyes and did what Johnny told them only with the greatest reluctance, and they looked most horrified as Eric got into the back of the car and sat with them.

"Thanks Betty," Eric said.

"My pleasure," I said as I drove down the street, Andy and Richie looking at the floor as much as they could, in case any classmates saw their faces.

"So um, ah, Betty, are you going to play softball today?" Eric asked.

Andy snorted with derision. "No of course not, she's just dressed like that for fun."

"Andy, mind your manners," Johnny warned as I brought the car to a stop sign, and Andy and Richie slid down further in their seats as they saw a group of boys and girls from their school riding towards us and worried that they might be seen with America's biggest square.

Finally we arrived at our first destination, and to the relief of Johnny and myself our younger brothers they were dropped off to our aunt and uncle's house to sleep over with their cousins and the other boys. The speed they both ran towards the house suggested that they might make the USA running team for the upcoming London Olympics this summer.

"Sorry about our brothers, they have no manners sometimes," I said to Eric.

"I haven't got any brothers," said Eric, somewhat sadly. "Nor any sisters. Or cousins."

"So where were you headed?" I asked.

"I um, thought maybe, if you don't mind, if nobody else minds, that I might watch you play softball?" Eric asked nervously.

"Of course, you don't need to ask," I said laughing. "Anyone who wants to go can go."

"Please don't tell Mother, she doesn't like sports," Eric pleaded.

"I won't say anything, cross my heart, hope to die," I said.

"Neither will I, your secret is safe with me," Johnny assured our nervous neighbor.

We reached the sports ground where our softball team played and we got out of the car when I parked it, Eric managing to trip as he did so and go sprawling, his glasses falling off his nose.

"Eric, you okay?" I asked, as Johnny and I helped him back to his feet and got his glasses, which fortunately were not broken.

The major casualty seemed to be Eric's pride, the poor young man blushing bright red at embarrassing himself in front of me again. "I'm okay thanks."

"Hey Betty!" came a young male voice I recognized only too well, and I turned to see my tall handsome boyfriend Bobby walking towards me, his sister Evelyn behind him. Like me Bobby was blonde, and his sister Evelyn had brown hair, sort of the reverse from our family. With them was Judy, an attractive 18-year-old redhead who was Johnny's girlfriend. Evelyn and Judy were likewise on the softball team and wearing the same uniform as I was.

"Hey Bobby, how are you?" I asked as we embraced, and I felt his strong arms around my waist. We all stood talking, other players and their boyfriends, friends and relatives joining us. Bobby and I were holding hands and I could not help but notice that Eric stood to one side, feeling left out as was the case every day in school, his longing for me obvious.

Bobby of course knew that Eric had had a crush on me for the longest time, and he was very gracious about it possibly as Eric posed no threat at all, in fact Bobby was very nice and polite to Eric.

The game commenced and we took the field against the Catholic girls' team, whose dark red uniforms contrasted with our sky blue uniforms. Several times as I stood at second base I saw Eric pacing up and down on his own, clearly not understanding how to play softball, but he kept looking at me while trying too hard to make it obvious that he wasn't.

Johnny, Bobby and some of the other boys departed during a break between innings, needing to get on the bus that would take them to their training exercise overnight. The game was a close one and bases were loaded as Paula took the bat and strode to the plate, me standing at first, Doris on second and Susan on third.

We needed a miracle, and while Paula was good hitter Brenda, the Catholic school pitcher, was very good at her craft and we already had two out. After incurring strike one from Brenda's pitch, Paula managed to belt the ball way over the fielding teams' head right into the outfield for a home run. We all sprinted for home, and Paula had already reached home plate and was safe as the ball was thrown back, we had won by one run in a thrilling game.

In the showers afterwards, my vagina felt all tingly as I imagined Eric hiding in the change-rooms watching not only me shower, but my 18-year-old team-mates too, Eric able to see our bare breasts and bottoms and the brunette girls' brown triangles of pubic hair, the blonde girls with blonde pubic hair and the redhead girls with curls of red hair over their public mounds. He would also have been able to observe lots of naked and nubile 18-year-old Catholic school girls in the next door change room showers, brunettes with brown pubic hair; blondes with blonde pubic hair and redheads with red pubic hair.

Drying off and dressing again in my regular bra and panties, check shirt and overalls, I put on my shoes and my softball uniform in my bag to take home and wash. I talked with the other girls and some of the kids from school who had come to watch us play, then left to drive home.

Eric had long gone, presumably to catch the bus home and avoid rousing his parents' suspicions that he might have been doing something that they disapproved of, like not only watching sports but watching the bad influence girl from next door playing sports.

It was quiet at home with my brothers all away overnight and our parents' not due home until late in the evening. I brought in my laundry, and fed the cat her dinner with Rosie very impatient that I wasn't performing the task as quickly as she would have liked. I talked to my boyfriend's sister Evelyn on the phone for a while, wondering if Eric was listening in to the call on the party line, but if he was it wouldn't have heard anything interesting, most of it was about the baseball game this afternoon, what the boys were getting up to on their night away and school.

I heated up some left over casserole for my dinner, and then finished off an English essay and a calculus paper for school next week while listening to the radio. My parents would have been pleased with me being a square and studying on a Saturday night then retiring to bed early after a busy day. True, my boyfriend being away overnight was a major factor in me doing bad things with my hands, mouth and vagina. But there was something else definitely in my mind. And it was something Mom and Dad would never approve of me doing.

Turning out the lights on the first floor, I mounted the stairs into the bathroom and brushed my teeth, then went into my bedroom, the drapes wide open. I could see that the lights in Eric's bedroom were illuminated through the drapes, but as the curtains twitched the lights went out. I smiled. Eric was there and now he could see what I had planned for his eyes only.

I removed my shoes and was barefoot, then took off my overalls and shirt, putting them away and walking around in my bra and panties. I then took my hairbrush and a wash-cloth and initially used the hairbrush for its proper purpose; brushing out my plaits while sitting on my bed in my underwear. What I did next however was definitely not proper behavior for a young lady. I laid on my back on the bed, opening my legs wide and showing off my white pants to the boy next door.

My vagina was already aroused even before I put my hand between my legs, touching my private female area through the soft white cotton of my teen panties, tracing the shape of my vulva in my pants. My nipples tingled as I touched my breasts through the white fabric of my brassiere. Knowing that Eric was watching all this drove me wild.

The double cotton saddle of my panties was plenty damp when I removed my underpants, and the nipples of my large breasts hard as I took off my bra, casting my underwear to one side. I spread my legs wide open, giving Eric a grandstand view of my vagina, opening my legs wider still so he could see my anus too.

I stroked my own pubic hair, thinking about Bobby touching me there and Eric wishing he could touch me there, then inserted some fingers up my damp and aroused pussy, writing on the bed as I self-pleasured myself, my fingers getting sticky as I pushed them further up my female love hole, stroked my slim vaginal lips and circled my clitoris.

Other fingers I moved lower down, fingering the sensitive skin that separated my vulva from my anus, and then my anus properly, pushing the finger at the tight puckered opening.

Fingers were all well and good, but what I really wanted was something long and hard inserted up my vagina, and the rounded handle of my hairbrush was perfect. Taking my wet and feminine-scented fingers out of my crotch, I took hold of my hairbrush and inserted the handle up my pussy, gasping as it entered me and my bare toes clenched.

There was plenty of lubrication for me to move the brush back and forth, and I did just this, the phallic object feeling so good up inside me. Not as good as my boyfriend's penis, but still pretty good, and even better given Eric was watching the whole show. While masturbating I put the fingers of my left hand to my anus, and this time not only did I touch my most forbidden and private place with my index finger, I inserted the digit up there, feeling the hot tight walls of my rectum close around it.

Whenever I put a finger up into my anus I always felt a bit funny at first, like I needed to sit down on the toilet and have a bowel movement, but always got used to it and the feeling of having something inserted up my rear end and Eric watching me doing it drove me wild. I spread my legs wider, and pushed the hairbrush handle up my vagina more, feminine moans escaping my mouth and my bedroom starting to smell like vagina.

I wasn't sure what to be more aroused by, the thought of my boyfriend's penis going up my vagina rather than the handle of my hairbrush or the strange boy next door watching me masturbating like this, but with the sticky wetness flowing from my pussy I knew my orgasm was approaching as I writhed on the bed.

The feelings in my clitoris turned to one massive wave of pleasure that went through my vagina and up into my uterus, spreading through my body and into my back passage, the muscles in my anus and rectum closing tight around my finger. I cried out, my face contorted as I reached my orgasm, and sticky vaginal wetness flowed everywhere, the female smell in my bedroom getting stronger. My long legs kicked out, the toes of my bare feet clenched tightly and knowing that Eric could see me in this state made it even hotter.

My orgasm reached my bare breasts, my nipples tingling and I gasped as the climax swept my entire body. Recovering my breath, my heart pounding with excitement at my forbidden display I lay on my bed, my legs still wide apart with my hairbrush handle still up my post-orgasmic pussy, my index finger still up my bottom.

Getting back to normal, I extricated my finger from my anus and the hairbrush handle out of my vulva, the brush as to be expected sticky and smelling of pussy. I took the cloth and wiped the handle, then got off the bed, deliberately bending over and thrusting my bare bottom in the direction of the window so Eric could see more of my rear end.

Totally alone in the house aside from my cat, I walked in complete nudity to the bathroom with my washcloth, the window still wide open. Running the cloth under the faucet and standing naked in front of the bedroom showing off my breasts to my voyeur, it was time for my bottom to have a wash. Well, both my bottoms to be accurate.

First I squatted slightly then dipped the cloth between my legs, giving my vagina a thorough wash. Rinsing the sticky remnants of my orgasm from the cloth, I then turned my back to the window and applied to cloth to my bare bottom, washing my anus and the surrounding areas. Rinsing the cloth again and putting it aside to dry, I got a towel and dried first my vulva and then my bottom.

Feeling nice and fresh between my legs and around my backside, I closed the bathroom window, turned off the light and walked naked back to my bedroom where I put on the finale to my little show for Eric by taking fresh panties from my underwear drawer and putting them on, then my nightdress. I closed the drapes, turned off the light and slid my bare feet under the covers and falling asleep, only stirring when my parents returned home later in the evening.

*

Sunday meant church but it began in a way that was definitely sinful, me sitting on the toilet emptying for five minutes with the window open while the strange young man watched everything I was doing in my private moments in the bathroom, then me undressing to take my shower and dressing in my 'Sunday best' -- a pink dress, a pink bra and pink panties underneath, white flat shoes on my feet, my blonde hair pulled back in a prim pony-tail with a pink ribbon.

Normally, the trip to church meant me crammed into the back of the car alongside my three brothers but with the boys away it meant I got to enjoy the back of my father's car to myself today. As Dad pulled into the car park, I could see that the Higgins family had already arrived, driven by Eric's Aunt Edna as neither Eric nor his parents could drive an automobile.

The three older members of the family were talking -- well Mrs. Higgins and her sister were as Eric's father stood in silence as usual -- and Eric was clearly looking out for me to arrive, while trying to make it obvious he wasn't.

A look of relief came over his face as soon as he saw Dad's car with me in the back seat, Dad driving and Mom in the passenger seat. He again tried and failed to make it look like he wasn't watching me, and I pretended I didn't notice, but as I exited the vehicle I couldn't resist being bad again.

Somehow, I allowed my knees to come open, giving Eric a great view up my pink dress and to the matching pink panties I wore underneath. I saw Eric's eyes bulge even through his thick glasses at my panty flash, and was more than a little amused by what happened next. Eric was wearing a suit -- a very dull brown suit that smelled like mothballs despite him wearing it every Sunday -- and he very quickly had to remove the jacket and hold it to cover the front of his trousers.

This excited me in intimate ways too, but with the advantage of being a girl I didn't have any problems walking to church unless somebody happened to look down my panties, which of course wasn't going to happen.

Eric hoped that nobody would notice that he had taken off his jacket to deal with a certain problem, but his mother did. "Eric, put your jacket on when we go into church," she hissed.

Her son blushed bright red. "Mom, it's warm today."

Today was a grey day, although it didn't look like rain, contrasting with the spring sunshine we had enjoyed on Saturday. "Nonsense Eric, it is a cool day, put on your jacket right now," snapped Mrs. Higgins.

"And straighten your tie while you are at it, young man," admonished Aunt Edna.

Being chastened by his mother and aunt seemed to solve Eric's problem and he was able to put the jacket on without any embarrassment and walk into church. His family sat through the service on their own as usual, and when it came to an end, I noticed him looking with interest at my bottom as I discretely adjusted my panties through my dress when walking by.

The drive home was a bit more crowded, my younger brothers having been delivered to church by our aunt and uncle and Dad driving us all home. Johnny returned just after lunch with Bobby, and along with some of our friends both male and female we decided to go cycling in the afternoon.

For this, I changed into an old blouse and a pair of knee-length pedal pusher pants before cycling away with my twin brother, boyfriend, his sister and the rest of our friends. I noticed Eric looking wistfully in our direction as we went on our way, and just for a minute or so raised my bottom off my bicycle seat. I could feel him watching my rear end, as he always did when I was wearing my pedal-pusher pants, overalls, blue jeans, shorts or even just a casual pair of slacks.

*

Monday morning dawned grey, cool and drizzly but as we had high school, it didn't seem to make too much difference. In the corridor Eric, dressed in his trousers, shirt and pullover was at his locker, my own locker right next to his.

"Hi Eric," I said.

"Oh hi um, Betty, how are you, isn't it a nice day?" Eric stammered awkwardly.

I smiled. "Eric, it's raining and cold today."

Eric blushed. "Um yeah, so it is, it is raining, I forgot," he said, me feeling him looking at my breasts today encased in a blue sweater, a blue knee-length skirt on my lower half.

"So calculus first up," I said. "Did you manage to work out question nine? I only guessed it, I couldn't make head nor tail of it."

"Um yes, I mean no, I mean I don't know," said Eric.

Again, I laughed. "You don't seem very sure."

Eric stared at his brown leather shoes. "Um yeah."

Adjacent to these lockers was the high school's main girls' bathroom. It was a long bleak narrow room with 50 toilet cubicles, 30 along one wall, and 20 against the other, and a long row of sinks. The partitions and stall doors weren't designed to give the girls maximum privacy, there was a fair bit of space underneath, but there was one toilet few girls dared to use.

This was the first cubicle in the row of 30, and the problem was that the external door of the girls' toilet was always kept ajar during the day, and this first cubicle was visible to anyone passing by. Therefore if a girl was sitting on this toilet, any person who glanced in could see her feet and her lowered panties under the door and partition. Girls avoided it like the plague, and I don't think the school would have had to change the toilet roll in there since 1918 due to lack of use.

I turned and indicted the female toilets. "I just need to go to the bathroom, so I'll see you for calculus first period."

"Yeah, see you then Betty," Eric said, giving me a shy wave.

I went into the girls' room. It wasn't really a place I relished visiting. Peeing was okay, but if I needed to empty my bowels it wasn't a nice experience. Reality dictated though that I had to do it once a day at least, often twice and more when I was on my period. Actually periods were another reason these girls bathrooms were not my favorite place, each stall contained an open bin in which menstruating girls placed their used sanitary pads when changing them. Therefore when you went in here to go to the toilet and looked into the bins, you could see the soiled napkins of girls who had been in here earlier in the day.

Another problem was the toilet paper, which was rough and scratchy and seemed to have been designed not to absorb anything, bad any day of the month, much worse for the girls having their monthlies. Even the school putting newspaper in the bathroom for us to use to wipe our bottoms would probably be better than our toilet paper.

Today of course wasn't my ladies' days but even if it had been, I wouldn't have let it stop me from what I was going to do. I went into the first cubicle, the one the girls avoided at all cost, and closed and locked the door, knowing that Eric could see the lock change from the green vacant to the red engaged. I lifted my skirt, pulled my light blue panties down to my ankles and sat down on the toilet.

I looked down at my lowered panties as I urinated, my vulva getting damp not only from pee but from feminine excitement too as I thought about how Eric could see my panties under the stall door and partition. Getting toilet paper I wiped my damp and sticky pussy, then remained sitting on the toilet to have my poo, spending well over five minutes on the toilet.

Each time I got the school's awful toilet paper and wiped my bottom, I would think about how Eric was looking at my panties right now. That this was happening at school was even sexier than his voyeurism at home. My toilet paper would stick to my aroused vagina, before I dragged it backwards to my anus.

Finally finished, I stood up and flushed the toilet, literally having to pull the chain as the school's toilets were old fashioned and had chain-pull cisterns. I emerged from the toilet stall adjusting my panties through my skirt after pulling them up, then went to the sink and washed my hands. Not to my great surprise I saw Eric sitting on the bench opposite the girls' room, and feigned surprise to see him.

"Hi Eric, what are you still doing here I thought you would have gone to math by now?" I asked, acting the mock innocent.

Eric blushed. "Oh hi, um Betty, I just um, ah, forgot to, I mean I dropped a file and had to pick up the papers," he said, his face showing relief at thinking up a lie.

"That's annoying when that happens," I said. "So what say we walk to math class now?"

Eric went bright red and he looked most afraid. "Oh no, sorry Betty, I um, have a bit of a leg cramp and I can't stand up. You head off without me."

"Well, see you in class Eric, I hope your leg cramp feels better," I said.

"Thanks Betty," he managed to stammer.

I went to class, feeling more than satisfied with what I had done, and Eric arrived about two minutes later, his 'leg cramp' having cleared up. I sighed as I noticed that in the short distance between the lockers and the classroom that some idiots had stuck a 'kick me' sign to Eric's back, and fortunately Bobby and Johnny noticed as he went into class, relieving him of the sign.

We all sat at our desks and seemed to be paying attention to our teacher as he wrote lots of complicated equations on the blackboard. But I kept feeling Eric's eyes upon me, no doubt thinking about his unrequited crush upon me and how he saw so much more of me in the bathroom and my bedroom not to mention glimpses of my panties up my skirts or dresses and my underwear on the line than he ever could have dreamed of.

And under my skirt, the soft cotton saddle of the light blue panties I was wearing absorbed my feminine wetness between my legs as I thought about all the naughty displays I would put on for the voyeur boy next door. I couldn't wait.
