"It's in your hands, Michael. I'll follow your lead. You know how I feel about this already, but if you want me to do this... to save Ben's job and keep him here ... I'll do it ." 

"I know." Michael bent to kiss Brian's lips. "I know." He hugged Brian close in his arms. "I have to think this through fully. More than anything... I don't like what's being done to you, for the sake of some stupid paper."

"That stupid paper may make or break your boyfriend's career, Michael."

"I'm beginning to wonder... what exactly is motivating Ben to do this... and not tell me at all. Even after approaching you. I should know about this situation... and I don't. I feel like my life could move on without me and I wouldn't even have a clue where it's going."

"Maybe he thought he could get it done, free and clear. No worries to you."

"But... I'm part of this piece. I'm apparently the only thing left to prove or disprove something about your sexuality."

"That I'm gay?" Brian teased, lightly, wanting to see Michael smile. It happened, only slightly.

"Yeah... that's what an entire thesis and this journal is making a point of... IS BRIAN KINNEY GAY?"

"Maybe to prove I actually exist."

"Brian... that's even more idiotic than the last one."

"No... I should have said it the way it sounded in my head."

"What?"

"You are the catalyst to prove or disprove that I, actually, have a heart?"

Michael's mind pondered the idea, his eyes zeroing in on Brian's face. "Think it's possible?"

"That I have a heart?"

"No..." Michael pushed playfully at Brian's chest. "... that you..." He watched Brian grab for his hand, around the wrist. "Brian... what are you...?"

Brian held onto Michael's hand, undoing the next three buttons of his shirt. He took Michael's fingers and placed them inside, directly on the center of his chest. "Go ahead... dare you... find it for yourself... prove or disprove the theory... right now..."

Michael could see the frustrations building in Brian's eyes, his mind whirling about to try and find some semblance of balance. Someone had knocked over his sand castle and was bullying him to do something he wasn't normally comfortable with. The tears gathered of no consequence in dark brown eyes, Michael leaned over to press his lips to Brian's mouth. Not really kissing, just breathing against open lips. "I feel it... even touching you here..." He let his fingertips rest on bare skin. "I don't need to lay my hand directly over it to know it exists." His palm lay flat to the breast bone, sliding over to hit the pert nipple. "Is this what they want to see me do... to prove or disprove Ben's thesis? 'Cause I'll do it..." He swallowed the lump in his throat, his eyes boring into Brian's closed lids. "... I'll do whatever you need me to do to make sure they know the real you, Brian. Even if it means embarrassing the shit out of myself with crack logic and fucked-up sentiments." His palm now lay above the strongest point of the heart beating. It was erratic and frantic, having picked up speed the closer Michael came to touching Brian's heart.

Brian wrapped one arm about Michael's body, holding him close. "Kiss me." His voice broke with emotion.

"Always." Michael leaned forward more, lips softly laying on quivering lips. "Don't be scared..." He breathed into Brian's mouth. "I won't let them hurt you. They can't hurt us no matter how hard they try or how deeply they think they can pick our brains apart. No one will ever know who we really are. It doesn't even have to be real truths you tell. Just speak and appease them. It's what they want. Shock value, huh?"

"Michael... if I talk... I'm gonna be as honest as I can be in the company of you... and Ben. Nothing more, nothing less."

Michael nodded his head. "You'd even tell them what was in here?" He caressed Brian's heart, rubbing the backs of his fingers up and down the bare skin.

"Yes... it's about time to set it free."

"Then we both agree. Me, you and Ben... and a little bit of honesty."

"You don't have to do this."

"It's moot, Brian. Plus... Ben gets to keep his job.” Michael's facial expressions seemed to follow his quick mood of melancholy. As if Ben belonged somewhere else, not in his life. “That'll be nice for him. He's such a good teacher."

"Mikey... don't give up on him. He could have a perfectly good explanation that I haven't figured out yet."

"He's messing with you, Brian. Ben knows how I feel about you... and he still went behind my back."

"I like knowing you have my back. Tiny, yet tough." Brian leaned his forehead against Michael's. "I suddenly don't want to do anything, but be here... with you."

"Me too."

"My loft doesn't have any rats."

"Are you inviting me over for a playdate?"

"We haven't had a Brian and Michael Night in awhile. Let's say we dump our normal plans and just... chill."

"I can play hooky from my boyfriend?"

"Let him stew. We'll bring the journal with us, just so he knows who he's playing with."

"Oooo... I like your sneaky tactics, Kinney."

"Novotny... you ain't seen nothing yet..."

Michael was quickly sent to lay down on his back on his bedroom floor, while Brian tried to use the mini-pom pom he'd found to annoy the shit out of his best friend. Actually, he was simply trying to distract him so they could enjoy the evening like they had done years before... when it was just them against the world.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Ben walked in through the doorway, after a long day in his office. His satchel slung over his chest. "Yo! Luke!" He rolled his bike over to the hooks on the wall where he hung it up.

"Present!" Lukas called from the second bedroom. He came out, tugging a t-shirt over his head. He wore long knee-length Khaki shorts.

Ben got a quick glimpse of Lukas' hairy, muscular chest as the torso quickly was covered by the thin cotton. "Did I get any calls?" He plopped the mail on the table, throwing his keys and wallet next. He looked at the non-blinking answering machine light. Off came his satchel strap and jacket.

"Nah, man... was I supposed to listen for someone?" Lukas sniffled, rubbing at his nose. He leaned his chest on the doorjamb.

"You okay?" Ben squinted his eyes toward Lukas' reddened face.

"Yeah... why?" Lukas swiped one palm over his exhausted features.

"You look like you've been..."

"Crying?"

"Yeah... did something...?" Ben slowly approached his best friend, fear in his wide blue eyes.

"I called Danny's Mom." Lukas' head kept lowering, his hand rubbing at his face.

"Oh." Ben was a bit relieved, but he could still see Lukas was affected by the conversation.

"It's his birthday this weekend. She still has a hard time the week before. I try to call her at least once a day, share some kind of memory with her. Then she breaks down and gets me all started and then it this fuckin' Steel Magnolia Boo-Hooing Fest..."

Ben simply walked over and hugged Lukas to his chest. "I'm so sorry I couldn't go to Hawaii to meet him before the wedding." He let his left hand gently pet the back of the curly hair. "I wanted to." He drew away to look down at Lukas' handsome features. He wiped at a few drops that had escaped without knowing.

Lukas' green eyes filled with moisture. "I had planned on asking you to be my Best Man." He finally lifted his head, green staring directly into blue.

"Oh, Fuck... really?" Ben bit his lip, not knowing what to say next.

"Yeah. Danny was looking forward to meeting you. Shit! I talked about you enough, he thought he already did know you."

Ben clamped a hand over Lukas' nape. "You wanna go out tonight or stay in?"

"Stay in." Lukas looked down at his unkempt clothes. "I'm not really at my prettiest." He stood up, taller, away from Ben's touch.

"I like this 'look' on you." Ben rubbed a hand down Lukas' bare arm. "I'm familiar with it. It's you."

Lukas shook off the arm, hoping Ben didn't take offense. "What about Michael?" He didn't want to be the reason for anything wrong going on between Ben and Michael.

"What about Michael?"

"Don't you two have plans or something?"

"Michael's been after me to spend some time with you. Maybe I'll take him up on his offer."

"Really?" Lukas' eyebrow rose in peculiarity. "He thinks we should spend more time together?"

"Luke... this is the man who has Brian Kinney for a best friend."

"Yeah, but neither of us are pining for one another and... last time I checked... you liked dark-haired impish men who make you live out your 'Daddy' fetishes."

"Michael's our age, Luke."

"Yeah?"

"Give or take a few years." Ben rubbed Lukas' shoulder joint, moving away to sit on the couch. He picked up his duffel bag of faked journals and took them out, one by one. He'd been meaning to "number" them so it would be easier to catalog the writing when he finally decided to make them into a novel. But as he sat there... he was noticing something very odd. For one second, he was scared, as if he knew what had happened. What he had most feared.

"What? What is it? What's wrong?" Lukas could hear the desperation in Ben's sigh, see the frustration building on his face.

Ben counted and recounted, fast then slow, to make certain. He had stored the journals away, secretly, in a closet. A closet that he shared with Michael in his apartment, but hidden nonetheless. Granted he'd placed them in one of his old gym duffel bags, but what would give Michael cause to go in it, even out of curiosity? He'd brought them home with him the other night, thinking that he was safe.

Ben sat back on the couch, palms on the tops of his knees and his fingers splayed over his kneecaps. He sighed heavily, the truth forefront in his mind. "I think... I think I'm missing one." All he could do was stare straight ahead.

Lukas looked at the packed duffel bag to Ben's stunned face. "You... you are so fucked, my friend."

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Ben didn't know if he should participate or not tonight. Maybe he'd just be an observer, see what came out of Brian and Michael's encounter. He had a feeling one interview wouldn't be enough. This would have a possibility of happening a second or third time. He was beginning to understand Brian Kinney almost as good as Michael. Ben also knew Michael, inside and out. Although Ben was pretty sure there remained a side to Michael he wasn't privy to, especially when alone with Brian. And when Brian had his best friend all to himself. Brian... well, Ben was assuming he was even more different in this manner, as well.

Ben walked out of the taxi cab, heading toward Red Cape's front door. The CLOSED sign had been flipped, but Michael could still be seen inside. He always closed out the registers, fixing up the bank deposits. He would drop them off once he left the store in the evening.

Ben reached for the door handle to step inside, bells jangling to announce his entrance. He knew the door was already unlocked since he told Michael he would be stopping by to pick him up. They could share a taxi to Brian's loft.

Never failed to kick start Ben's heart to glance over at the bowed dark-head and feel confident he knew this man loved him to distraction. Not only had Michael told him a thousand times, but that body... jesus, that incredible body, when it was naked and wanting... the skin permeated whatever emotion Michael felt in that moment. Michael's touch was equally as truth-telling.

So... why was Ben so curious? Curious to the draw between best friends?

Ben knew Michael was upset with him, because Michael had been coming to bed late, leaving their bed early. He had neither kissed Ben deeply, nor initiated sex. Some nights Ben had woken to find Michael asleep on the couch, TV playing low in the background. Michael had stated the words "I love you" plenty of times, but the sentiment simply passed over lips and not reached those eyes. Rich chocolate brown eyes that were usually guaranteed to smile immediately after the original action.

"Michael..."

The dark head lifted, dark brown eyebrow rose in response. No words. Mouth was pinched as he jotted something down on a slip of paper, clicking keys on his keyboard.

"You ready?"

Michael cleared his throat, scratching at the side of his nose. He flipped through a few sheets of paper that were clipped to his board. "Last bit of my invoices for the day to log in. I'll be ready in five minutes."

That was it. Period . 

Ben always liked wandering around the store floor. Michael changed something about a display, on a daily basis, or had a new comic book featured along the walls. "Take your time." He tucked his hands in his jean pockets, pacing the hardwood flooring. He could clearly recall the day he walked in here... took one look at the face of the man behind the counter and... became breathless. He had to admit, Michael never looked any older than his early twenties. He had been hesitant to even introduce himself; comic books were never his style of reading material. In fact, Ben used to make fun of them. That was until he realized who and what certain gay and lesbian young adults revered as their heroes. Countless of them citing... eesh, super heroes. What a laugh. But then Ben decided one day to check out an actual comic store, for himself, filled with comic books and, hopeful, that the store manager was savvy about comics and their heroes. And here he was with a man like Michael Novotny in his life... and what the hell was he trying to do, ruining the good thing he had going with a great guy?

"Brian's waiting for us at the loft. I don't want to keep him... well, waiting..." Michael was doing some fast work with his fingers on the keys, then used the mouse accordingly.

"Michael... you don't..."

Michael sighed, shaking his head in utter exhaustion. Not only had he been dreading tonight, the day hadn't been so swell either. "I don't have to... what, Ben?" He raised weary eyes to look over at Ben, standing in the center of his store.

"Neither of you have to do this... tonight."

"Still has to be done, though, right?" Michael broke his gaze from Ben's steely eyes, struck by how much emotion they were conveying to him through his glasses. Why wasn't he wearing his contacts? "I'm not having getting you fired on my conscience. Took me this long to find you; I'm not losing you over some stupid mishap. No. Thank you."

Ben folded his arms over his chest, quirking his head to one side. He didn't know if he liked Michael thinking he was to blame for any of this situation. He certainly never counted on Michael feeling this much guilt over everything. "It's really not as bad as they make it seem, Michael. I can still negotiate my tenure contract to work around their stupid fuckin' rules."

Michael was packing up his items, storing things under the counter. He finished up his typing on the computer screen, pausing to wait awhile for the system to register his actions. "I don't want us jumping through 'loopholes' now... only to find ourselves four or five years down the road doing this same shit all over again."

Ben was momentarily stunned into quiet. This was the first he'd heard of this thought. "You really see US... together... five years from now?" He found it tougher to project into the future sometimes. Only satisfied with going year by year. Which was why most people with HIV tended to stick with their own kind, much simpler to think small scope then broader range. Little chance of failing someone's expectations.

"Yeah... don't you?" Michael did glance up one last time, hope in his eyes that he hadn't spoke out of turn. Why did Ben ask a question like that and in that kind of shocked tone?

"Michael..." Ben decided to change the subject or mainly... avoid the sub-topic. "... I'll have the degree I need by then. I'll have the letters after my name needed to be certified and... well, 'teaching' won't be the priority it is now. My main source of income. I could have my third or fourth book published and..."

Michael paused, letting Ben's words wash over him. "I'm not a coward."

"Of course not. I didn't say you were."

"So... why don't you think I can do this?" Michael pursed his lips, frustrations building. His body went tense, the start of willing to defend himself and Brian at the ready.

"I know you can."

"But... you just said I could back out. Like you think I can't tolerate what you've asked of me... and Brian." Michael said that last portion under his throat. God... he couldn't stop thinking about Brian at all today. Probably what made him the butterfinger-klutz the whole day. Dropping things and tripping over his own feet and objects on the floor that were never normally in his way. It was like he was in a haze or a scuzzy daydream.

"Maybe I'm starting to realize what I've asked of you both. That it might be too much."

Michael didn't mean for his mouth to hang open for that long. He closed his jaw. "Why? You said so yourself... it could be the exact obstacle he and I need to hurdle over... move on... each other's Achilles heel." He was only reiterating the words out of Ben's own mouth.

"Michael..." Ben closed his eyes, knowing how much right Michael had to throw his comments back in his face.

"Both Brian and I know what we're doing. We know what we're about ready to risk... somewhat. If at all."

"Maybe... well, maybe you'll get lucky and it won't happen tonight." Ben attempted to tease, but it wasn't registering on Michael's humor radar.

"Yeah... 'luck'. That's what's been eluding me all these years." Michael looked over at Ben, noticing he hadn't brought anything with him. Not even his tan satchel full of notebooks. "So... where's all the stuff? Thought you said you might end up filming us. No camera?"

"Uh... Luke... he has my things. In fact..." Ben rolled over his wrist to check his watch. "... he probably dropped everything off at the loft about thirty minutes ago."

"Shit!" Michael exclaimed as he dug through his pants' pockets to find his cell phone. "I promised Brian I'd call to let him know we'd be on our way over." As his fingers touched a lone key, his phone rang.

"... 'Lo?" Brown eyes lowered at being yelled at. "Yeah... I know, I know... I'm sorry... Yes, Ben just got here..." He leaned up a little on the counter to rest on his phone hand, his fingertip tracing the lighted glass underneath. "... yeah... I know... uh-huh..." He rubbed lightly over his chin and jaw. "... sure, sure..." His eyes darted over to Ben's piercing gaze. "... well, I don't really know... yes... of course..." He soothed a shaking hand over his brow. "... no, no... I'm not . Seriously... I'm not ." His voice became low timbered, private and hushed. "... I WANT to do this... WHY?..." He glanced up at his store's ceiling as if he could see answers up there. "... uhm..." He chuckled bittersweetly, a smirk on his lips. "Maybe I'm as curious as Ben is. Brian... look..." He cleared his throat, making sure he could speak coherently and calmly. "... if you want out, now is the time to say something..." He covered a hand over his face. "Why do you say it like that ?... think about it. Really hard. Each time it could have happened, something or one of us stopped it... I dunno..." He shrugged one shoulder, his body curling into itself. "... what do YOU think it's been?..." Michael let out a near riotous laugh, changing his somber features to genuine pleasure. "I always knew you were a perv... yes... right... of course... uh-huh..." He bit his bottom lip, rolling his eyes. "Quit it... no... I'm not hearing that shit right now... no, I won't... uh, 'cause you can't make me ..." He wiped at his lids, coming away with a bit of moisture on his fingertips. He swiped them on his jeans. "... yeah... same here... always will...” Now he was shielding his eyes from Ben's gaze. "Jesus Christ... don't do this to me now... why?... because... why?... because it's not fair to anyone involved... yeah, I know... yes... always..." He shut his eyes to the ache. "... yes, Brian... me, too... uh-huh, just finishing up here. Ben and I will probably be at your place in the next twenty-five minutes... no... can't promise any sooner... nope..." He shook his head as if Brian could see him move. "Wrong. I have bank deposits to drop off... yeah? well, maybe one day you can kick The Man in the nutsack for me. He keeps ME and my store thriving and my money safe." For the first time in days, Michael had the most radiant smile plastered on his lips. 

Ben almost shed a tear from the beautiful sight... and the way Michael's body alighted with color and excitement.

"Asshole!" Michael blushed, barking into the phone. "See you later..." He waited for Brian's end to hang up before he did. He pocketed his phone, his smile remaining but dissipating as the seconds rolled on by. He was back to being alone with Ben in the silence.

Ben would have loved to have known what Brian's side of the conversation had sounded like to make Michael react like he'd done. But he was curious enough as it was between those two best friends. They had to have some things for themselves.

Michael lightly snickered under his breath, putting away his invoices and turning off his computer monitor and hard drive. He picked up his two bank deposit bags. "C'mon..." His jacket wasn't too far from him to put on. "... let's get the fuck outta here... and get this party started..." He gestured for Ben to exit first so he could lock up the store and close the street gate.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

"You sure you don't need me to stay?" Lukas fidgeted around as much as he could before Ben kicked him out. "I can be your cameraman for pennies..." He was already slipping a cigarette in between his lips, searching for his lighter. "I filmed a wedding once... but I was, like... twelve..."

"No, Luke." Ben looked around at how easily the camera looked to handle. And he saw where his bag of faked journals and his school satchel had been placed. "Everything looks great. You went beyond the call of duty."

"Brian's... certainly a guy you don't easily fuck with, Jamie. You sure you know what you're getting into?" Lukas' eyes darted toward the back bedroom. He was making sure Brian wasn't in earshot. Ben simply nodded his head, shuffling his old college roommate out the door. "Can I... uh, see the tapes when you're done?"

Ben snickered, shaking his head. They stood in the open doorway. "No. If Brian or Michael don't want them, I'll be destroying the DVD, plus the files on my computer once I hand in my thesis."

"Ah... get into the future... told you to buy a laptop. It'll make your writing go so much faster." Lukas was leaning on the doorjamb as if chatting with Ben was his only task for the day. "Do publishers still take printed manuscripts anymore?"

"Yes, they do. Some editors appreciate the Old School technique."

"My Dad will want to see the footage too. You know how he can get." Lukas tried to think of a way he could scam them off his father's computer at the college.

"Yes, I do know. And if he wants them, depending on what ends up on them that pertains to what I write... he'll have to pay me for them."

Lukas shrugged one shoulder, cocking his head to light his cigarette. "Why don't I just give you the money now?" He let one side of his full lips smirk upward in pleasure.

"Only person I deal with is your father, Luke."

"Wow... he's really got you backed into a corner, huh?"

Ben crossed arms over his upper torso, tucking his fingers under his armpits. "I'm finding that my once believed theme isn't much to ponder anymore. I used to wonder... question... worry and envy. Now I'm not so sure if this is worth the price I could pay for making this happen."

Lukas became serious, handing Ben the lit cigarette butt. He could see that the physically fit body was a tad shaky, nerves quaking the entire frame. "Which would be?" He blew smoke out the side of his mouth.

"Possibly losing Michael." Ben inhaled the sweet taste of nicotine, feeling the rush hit his lungs. He took a few more random puffs for good measure.

"Think he'd actually leave you for Kinney?" Lukas took back the cigarette, slipping it between his lips.

"No..." Ben blew out his own smoke, shaking his head. He hooked his thumbs in the back pockets of his jeans. "I think he'll hate me forever because I destroyed the one good thing he had going in his life. Brian may treat him like crap, but... damn if he doesn't understand what makes Michael tick."

Lukas pushed off the doorjamb, moving toward Ben. "Who's to say you couldn't try being that person, too, huh? Take Kinney's place if the friendship goes to shit?"

Ben had to chuckle or burst. "Ah... no... no one takes Brian's place in Michael's life."

"According to Kinney?" Lukas raised one blond eyebrow in wonder.

"No... according to Michael." Ben frowned, nodding his head at Lukas' widening green eyes.

"Oh..." Lukas had no reply.

"Yeah... tell me about it." Ben's hand moved to slip inside the steel door's handle.

"Good Luck, then."

"Thanks. I'll need it."

Lukas was about ready to spin around when he stepped away from the threshold. "Ben..."

"Hmmm...?" Ben raised weary blue eyes to his friend.

"You're not a bad guy, okay? This doesn't make you a creep. You're a man in love who's reacting to something he needs to understand. We all do foolish things in the name of love, but it's what we do with the information when we find out that make us who we are." Lukas waved, sliding between the space in between the door as Ben was closing it behind his best friend.

Sighing heavily, Ben moved to the breakfast nook counter where his leather satchel and bags were. He couldn't see where Michael had drifted off to, in any portion of the loft, on first glance. Of course he didn't look in the master bedroom. Brian's domain.

Brian had jumped into the shower once Michael and Ben had arrived. He would've been showered and dressed had he trusted Lukas to be alone with his things around the loft. Michael must be laying on the bed, waiting for Brian to exit. He had been antsy during the cab ride over. Once Brian had opened the steel door, Michael jumped into Brian's warm embrace... sniffling and an emotional wreck.

Brian had excused them, taking Michael under his arm and having a private discussion with him in the bedroom. Ben had seen Michael's dark head bowed, with Brian's left hand clamping about Michael's nape, soothing the shaved hairline, fingers running up the dark locks in comfort. Michael quickly nodded, Brian whispering in his ear... and then he nodded a second time, more fiercely. Brian was holding him close with one arm... and Michael had immediately stood on tip-toes to kiss Brian soundly on the mouth. Ben saw Brian melt into Michael's kiss, feeling wobbly in his knees for only a second, before he straightened his body again. Michael was much better, left alone in the bedroom.

Ben picked up everything of his, carrying them over into the living room. There was nothing wrong with him observing the two of them before things "officially" got under way. He didn't take the couch; he sat in the matching chair off to the right side of the art deco sofa. He had a better view into the bedroom in this manner.

Watching Michael from this distance was earth shattering. Gone was his lightweight jacket, his heavy work-boot sneakers. He paced around Brian's bedroom as if he was taking a stroll down memory lane. Photographs on Brian's dressers, a few of he and Brian together. The rest of them of Michael, all by himself. There was maybe one or two with Vic, some of Gus. Michael touched objects, caressed them. As he opened drawers, he sniffed the cedar chips and Brian's laundry scent. The smile on his face never disappearing.

Michael opened the top drawer of the tallest piece of furniture, pulling out a pair of underwear. Counting down three slots, he tugged open the drawer filled with Brian's old clothing. Stuff worn when he was sick or wanting to be warm in bed, snuggling with Michael, especially in the winter. Michael located a pair of drawstring sweatpants. Counting back up the dresser, two slots up, he opened the drawer and saw an old ratty t-shirt Brian used to wear for track-n-field.

Ben couldn't tell exactly what Michael was up to. He watched Michael bring the material to his nose, either smelling Brian or discovering the familiar scent of faded memories. Ben swallowed the lump in his throat. He thought watching Brian was awful, eying Michael was pure torture.

Michael quickly slammed the drawer shut. Brian had come out of the bathroom.

Ben could only see Michael on one side of the bedroom. Brian was only a pale murky shape in the slats of the wall separating his bedroom from the rest of the loft space. From Ben's angle, Brian appeared naked, but that was simply because Ben couldn't see Brian's clothed lower half.

Brian strutted up to the slats, pushing one to make every single one of them open in a flourish of light. He was showing Ben he had no secrets to hide. He was dressed in dark blue denim, a pastel-colored towel looped around his neck, dangling down his bare chest. His hair was wet, spiked about his head.

"Comfortable, Benji?"

~~TBC...