Hello everyone, I'm a regular reader of ISS from the US.

My father and mother are seperated, and had been for the past 5 years. My dad asked me to come stay with him in the US and I moved in during 10th grade. I then found out that my dad had married another woman and also had two children. She was an American and they had only been married for two years. I was not intially attracted to her, maybe because I hated her but I'm not sure. She had an average figure, it was a 30-28-32 and she was obviously fair with blond hair. Her name was Jordan, and she was 33 then. Our relationship didn't get off to a good start since she already had to look after two kids, her aggression was always towards me. But things did take a turn for the best later on...

When I was in 12th grade, my father and step mother had many arguments, my dad was getting busy and the children were now growing. This was when my step mother and I developed a close relationship, she would talk to me when she was bored and I didn't mind it at all. There were moments I would guess that she was trying to seduce me, but that was out of question for me during that time. I soon started to like her and in fact, love her. Her ass was amazing, I felt like I could watch that all day. I felt like this relationship should become more illicit when my dad isn't around. She now started turning me on so much that I didn't know when and where to start.

It was during the month of May, when my dad decided to go to New York and I had to stay with my step mother for a week. They had an argument the night before and I thought I could use this as an advantage to knock up my step-mother and in turn, take revenge on my dad for dumping my mother. That was the day she left me speechless the moment I saw her, I still can't figure out why... But when she was in that half-sleeved white t-shirt and transparent white skirt, I instantly wanted to hug her, pull that skirt up and nail her by the nearby bush as she was gardening. She had her boobs bulging out after she had milked her two children and the skirt was more transparent towards the bottom so I could see her beautiful white thighs. All in all, she was a beautiful, delicious feast to watch and I wondered why my dad had left her for so long as she must be craving. She was now coming back in with her two kids as I watched out of the window.

"How are you doing Shiva(name changed), want some lunch?", she asked. "Of course I do, I want you!", I thought to myself. But then I replied, "no Jordan, you go ahead.", and followed her looking at her beautiful, soft ass. Soon they had lunch and she went to put her children to sleep. They had slept and she walked out of the room. I thought this would be the right time to strike. I got up, and went to the kitchen. I said, "Jordan, I just wanted to thank you for everything you did to me-" and I stopped there to hug her. "Awh Shiva", she said and hugged me back. Her beautiful arms were now around my neck and my arms were around her shoulders.

I slowly moved down to her beautiful waist and squezzed it, hugging her tightly. "Ahh..", she exclaimed. At the same time, her milky boobs were touching my chest and I couldn't control myself. I looked into her eyes, and then gave tight kisses on her neck, shoulders, cheeks and then her forehead. At the same time, my palms rolled down to her skirt and starting kneading her plumpy ass. "Ahh... Ummm.. Shivaaa..." she moaned. Her voice was so beautiful, I kneaded her ass harder to listen to her more. Unfortunately, her reason won over her lust and she pushed me aside. "Shiva! What do you think you are doing?!" She looked frustrated and stomped away to the stove. I just couldn't control myself...

I was now staring at her backside and it was getting me erect. I came back and gave a light touch on her ass... Ohh, how good it felt. I knew I cannot stop her, so this had to be done quickly. "Shiva...-", and before she could finish, I pushed her against the wall, then pulled her skirt up to take the panty down and put my manhood in her hole. It was wet! The feeling was amazing! "Shivaaaaaa! Please... Stopppp" she screamed. But I was in no mood to do so and kept pumping her, I knew she loved it! "Jordan... What an ass you have! It's a God's gift you milf! Ahhhh... How I hate my dad... JORDAN!" I screamed" The kids had woken up, "mommy" they shouted. I knew I cannot stop it now, so I kept the piston going. and I wanted to see her beautiful face. I turned her around and placed her on the table.

She was too weak to resist me, besides I knew she was just acting like that now. I pulled her skirt up again, and tore the top of her t-shirt, revealing the milky goodness. The nipples were sharp and pointed... I knew she was having fun! "Shiva! Stop honey!" she screamed, but I now started sucking her nipples and pumping her quickly. The kids were still trying to figure out where their hot and steamy mother was. My step mom had given up, she put her beautiful arms over me as her fuckable face was turning red.

I kissed her lips and kept fucking, the table started sqeacking loudly. She hugged me tightly and said, "Go Shivaaa Goooo, the kids are coming!", "So am I honeyy, so am I!", I replied. I couldn't figure out whether I should cum into her and then she squealed, "not in meee, you fucker, not yet!" "Fine bitch!", I said and took my rod out and smeared all over her skirt. I then gave a tight kiss on her juicy lips, and after she got up, I gave a loud smack on her robust ass. This was how the kids found her, and she walked away nervously and slowly with a red face. I knew this was just the beginning, as her last words were, "not yet".

Chapter 2

It was the same day, and it was just the evening when I decided when I wanted to fuck the milf I lived with. She then called all of us to join her for dinner and pointed us to the table. The same table we had our first steamy session. I looked at her face as she was serving, she looked at me and bit her strawberry flavoured lips and released a sexy, slutty smile. I knew this bitch has now turned my way, and I was happy for her. "Keep the skirt on, you slut! The work has just begun!" I whispered to her as we sat down. As we were eating, I couldn't resist myself from staring at her with a wide grin.

She stamped my foot and whispered, "Not in front of the kids!". So I decided to not do something infront of them, instead I dropped my spoon and bent down to pick it up. Initially my idea was to pick up the spoon and then take off her panty, but I after I did that, I found the eight wonder of the world. This was amazing, and I just started licking her flowing twat. "Ahhhh!" my voluptous step-mother screamed. Her kids asked what happened and she just said that she had hurt herself. I pulled the skirt all the way up and started licking her thighs and I stopped there and went to my bedroom. "Why aren't you eating?" One of my half-siblings asked. "I'll eat a lot more after you guys have slept", I replied, winking at their scrumptious mother.

Soon after the kids slept in their rooms, I went to the milf Jordan who had her back towards me. I hugged her by the waist and said, "come bitch, let's roll!". She had a grin on her face as I dragged her to her marital bedroom. There, I instantly ripped her shirt off and sucked her tits, "Ahhh, Shivaaaa you're too good!". I looked into her face and "Jordan, you are now my slut, wow, what a body, what a MAAL! You are asking for a man's touch!" She didn't know what maal was but she definitely liked what I said. I took her shirt and ripped her skirt off and she looked sexy in bra and panty. "You take that out yourself bitch, I wanna see you!" I shouted.

She started removing her clothes and she looked angelic. I took all my clothes off and went to her. I planted a kiss on her lips and all over her body and said, "don't tell your husband." She replied saying, "Forget him! That wimp! I'm yours now, and I'm living in this house for you!" That excited me a lot, I threw her on her marital bed with her back towards me. I kissed her round ass and went, "ahhhh, what a milf!" Then I put my rod in her ass and started fucking her. While I was pumping her, I started to kiss her back, "Ahhhh! What a man! You are the real fucker! Shivaaaa, honey! Harderrrr" The whole house echoed of her beautiful voice and I kept going. Dang! This woman was so good! I kept pumping her faster and faster until I started cumming. "Ufffffff Shivaaaa you are now my hunband, my master. Ahhhhh, you bastard!", she said as I cummed in her.

Then I turned her around and looked at her beautiful front. I started kissing and licking her amazing waist. My dad was so stupid! "What a waste of such a waist!!" I exclaimed, as my tongue curved along with her tummy. "Ahhh Shivaaa call me!" But I was too busy licking her juicy waist. "Call me Shivaaa! Call me!". "JOOORRDAAAN! My step-mom! Ohhhh step-mom!" I said as I now started licking her cunt. "Shivaaa honey, I want to see your faceee!" she sounded desperately. I put my rod in her pussy and started pumping again, I started kissing her beautiful face as I was doing it.

The bed started shaking very loudly and I screamed "ahhh, what a milf!!". She screamed in reply "Oh step son, Ahhh step son, Yessss step son!" I kissed her perfect arms and I started to lick her armpits. "Ouuuuuu! Step sonnn!" she screamed in excitement. "Cumm in mee! Give me your child! I want your child!!" she scremed. This really turned me on and I said, "here you go bitch, here you goooo!" I collapsed on top of her and she hugged me tightly. "Are you sure, you wanted this?" I asked her and she replied saying, "what a prick you have... I would have your child over my wimpy husband's anyday!" I kissed her tighly as we wrapped our arms around each other and dozed off.

We fucked like this for the whole week, my step mom made my dad wear a condom and slept with him when he came back. She told me that she'd tell him the condom didn't work and she got pregnant. We still have great sessions which I can tell you all if I get good reviews for this one. My next best experience was during my dad's birthday where she wore a bunch of really mesmerisng sarees waiting to be disrobed. I fucked her even when my dad was around!