My wife spots for my buddy and servant
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

My buddy Ben is a fitness freak and when he heard that and I had installed a mini gym at home, he asked if we could train together. I was more than happy to have him with me as training alone is a bit boring and my wife of 10 years has no interest whatsoever in fitness. She prefers to burn her calories with housework. Luckily for Ben he stays in an apartment block just near our house and he decided to train thrice a week. It was going smoothly for some time till I fell sick. I had some viral fever that incapacitated all my energy. I was mostly bedridden for a few days and completely dependent on my wife. Ben came to see me and said he would start training after I got better. I insisted that he continued without me. And told him to feel free to use the gym as and when he required.

One day he was late at work and called to check if it was okay to come a little later. I told him no problems. But he must be really late because I fell asleep when he came. The doorbell woke me up and I heard him talk to my wife. She was telling him to go ahead to the gym and that I was asleep. I heard him sound disappointed as he had invited another gym buddy to join him for training as he needed someone to spot him on the weighing machine but his buddy apparently had not been able to make it. She just laughed and said she would have helped what she could but she had had a few gin and tonics and was not feeling very steady. I heard him laugh. I drank a couple of beers too, he said. Come on, where has booze ever stopped someone to be fit, he pleaded with my wife. My wife must have been in one of her rarely charitable moods as she agreed. I was amused that my wife would be spotting for my best buddy. Once they were in the gym I couldn't hear anything so I got a bit bored and decided to drag myself there.

The gym is actually right behind the garage. And there is a store room, open from two sides, above the garage that connects inside the house from the second floor. I walked in from the upper floor and was greeted to the most unusual view. My drunken wife was actually spotting Ben, my buddy, his shiny black skin rippling above his muscled body. He was wearing a pair of loose gym shorts and a white singlet. My wife was wearing loose dress she also uses as a nightdress. I was really amused to see that Ben had only used such small weights. Probably to let my wife think that she was really spotting him. I was about to walk down to join in their banter when Ben asked my wife if she would like to try the machine. She laughed and shocked me by accepting. Ben readjusted the weights to even lower ones and instructed her to lie down properly. Then he stood right above her. She fumbled with the bar a little bit and tried lifting the weights. Then I saw her eyes lock inside Ben's shorts. Oh fuck. She could probably see Ben's black cock! He never wore any underwear while training and neither did me. And to say that Ben has a rather big cock would be to undermine it. I always joked with him about his cock that his 10-inch long and 5-inch fat cock would never get him anywhere even three quarters inside a pussy. And suddenly I wondered if his big black cock would fit inside my wife's snug little white pussy? I jerked the thought away from me. But I didn't interrupt them. I was a little voyeuristic pathetic husband sneaking peeks at his wife staring at his friend's big black cock.

She moved away, embarrassed. But perhaps he never noticed anything as he coaxed her to try harder. Finally, even though she was drunk, she lifted the light weights but her hands buckled under immediately. Thank god Ben was there as he quickly swooped the bar away before it landed on her chest. It wouldn't have been bad as it was only 2kg but still. However, in the process, Ben's hands landed straight on top of my wife's brown nipples. My wife just goes crazy once I start mauling her nipples and when she is drunk, the impact is even more. She was drunk, and Ben's big black knuckles were pressed her brown nipples immensely. She must be getting randy, I thought.

Ben removed his hands within minutes but it was much longer than required. I could see a slight tent developing in his shorts. My wife noticed it too. But she still attempted a second lift. Again, the bar fell on her chest and Ben rescued her just in time. This time, however, Ben was holding the bar in such a way that his black fingers and thumb squeezed her visually hardening nipples between them. She moaned. He squeezed again. She moaned again. I knew I must do something. I put my hand inside my pajama to squeeze my own hardening cock. There, Ben straightened and moved forward. His cock was now rock hard and pointing down like an angry sword. His crotch was now right above my wife's face. He bent his legs and swatted a little so that the head of his uncut cock peeked from under his shorts. A drop of clear precum was hanging at the tip precariously. It quivered and fell down in a slow swoop. It landed on my wife's lips and she licked the pearly drop of nectar. Ben looked like he was in a daze and so did my wife. Her eyes closed and her mouth parted and Ben lowered his 10-inch spatula inside her mouth. I saw the blue-black cock of my friend slowly disappear in my wife's mouth. Inch by black inch, Ben's meat worked its way to my wife's gullet.

I was so absorbed in the scene that I never noticed my servant - a Pakistani man of 60 watching my wife's mouth being deflowered by a black man. Sandhu, as we called our servant, was clutching at his lump in the pajamas he was wearing. Absentmindedly I saw him pull the string of his pajamas and they fell down around his ankles. He was not wearing any underwear as well. And I spotted a gnarled, knobby old cock extended more than 12-inches from his groin. I was shocked to see such a huge piece of Pakistani meat hanging from this old smelly servant. I reckon his cock had not seen a pussy for a long time, because he didn't look like a servant anymore. He looked like a rugged old man ready to deposit his breeding sperm in my wanton and drunken wife's pussy. My wife's dress had ridden up and my 60-year-old servant was warming his eyes with the heat from her potent, ripe pussy. Ben and my wife were so engrossed in their carnal activities that neither noticed Sandhu. It was only when he rubbed the head of his ugly donkey cock on my wife's pussy that she looked down. Even then, her eyes only widened in shock as she saw the old brown cock penetrate her pussy in two quick jabs.

Ben had seen Sandhu before and he didn't look like he minded another man in the fuck party he had started. In fact he winked at Sandhu and encouraged him to fuck "his master's pussy and breed it with his smelly sperm." My wife went back to sucking Ben's cock after the initial shock of seeing her servant fuck her hairy pussy with a massive horsemeat cock. She was humping her ass right back at each stroke from Sandhu and chewing on Ben's fat black cock like it was a bull's milking teat. After 15 minutes of slow fucking, Ben and the 60-year-old servant swapped positions. The old Pakistani man's cock weighed down with its own weight and Ben's 45-year-old black cock bouncing up and down dripping precum. Ben's cock was two inches shorter than Sandhu's 12 inches but it was much wider. And when he impaled my wife on his big fat black cock, she flinched - I don't know in pain or pleasure.

They established a good rhythm fucking my wife from both ends and at times groped her pussy and breasts like they belonged to a $5 whore. After 15 more minutes of this unfaithful fucking, Ben who was in her pussy then, grunted like a bull releasing his sperm inside a breeding cow, and then he erupted his volcano of sperm inside her pussy which was visually clenching itself shut to keep all the sperm inside. Ben collapsed on top of my wife, his face just a few centimeters away from Sandhu's old Pakistani cock pistoning in her mouth. Cum in her pussy, old man, cum in her pussy, encouraged Ben to Sandhu. He just moved his body slightly up to give the old man enough space to fuck my wife with his puckered old Muslim cock from underneath. I saw Sandhu's cock slapping on Ben's heavy hanging balls a few times as he sucked on my wife's lips with his thick lips despite the fact that Sandhu's cock had been inside the mouth just a few seconds ago. He also pulled his cock out and let it lie besides my wife's pussy so that each time Sandhu's old cock went in, it brushed against Ben's cock. I saw Ben's cock hardening again with all the action and slowly he inserted his own fat cock in my wife's pussy together with Sandhu's fat Pakistani cock. The two of them were fucking my wife's pussy like a ripened banana split. Their combined white juices were frothing like fresh cream. Soon the old man grunted and started cursing my wife in his native language as his big monster cock spew torrents of thick, lumpy man-cream inside her pussy. Then he withdrew his still large cock and wiped it clean on her face. Ben continued fucking her sperm flooded pussy and gobbled Sandhu's cock in his mouth as he sucked it clean together with my wife. In five minutes Ben too added his second load in my wife's pussy pie.

Once they were done, he gave my wife a kiss and said he would be back for training tomorrow. She laughed and said it's too late why don't you sleep in the guest room. Tomorrow is Saturday and anyway, since he fell sick, I have been sleeping there all alone. Then she looked at Sandhu and said, you can come in too old man.

I just came in my hands and tried to disappear as fast as possible before being spotted. 