Showing Me, The First Time
by Annmssb234

My husband showed me to others, the first time.

I have been put on "show" a few times by my husband. I had kind of mentioned this in a reply to a gentleman who had sent me a very nice email. Anyway, when this happened my husband had already shared me with two different men. So, you would think that this would not be a big deal for me, but it was.

We were on a vacation in Hawaii. We are not beachgoers but in Hawaii it's something you have to do, I guess. We found this beach park on the North Shore with lots of windsurfers. I think that is what you call them. They use surfboards and kites to move them through the water? We set up on the beach under a great sun. There were not very many people around, actually. After we were there for a while my husband said he had an idea. I had seen that look on his face before. He was in one of his moods and there was little room for argument.

He had talked to me about this kind of thing (exhibitionism) before. He said it was a perfect time to try it. In my mind there is no time that is appropriate at all for this kind of thing and I was rather reluctant. He actually "positioned" me on the blanket, having me lie down, putting a towel under my head. He loosened my top so that the bottom of my breasts were visible. If I breathed wrong my nipples would also be exposed. He loosened my bottoms and they were just lying there barely covering my vagina. I was embarrassed beyond anything we had done so far and didn't see how any of this could be viewed as "accidental". I objected and he laughingly said I needed a tan in that area anyway.

Then he told me to spread my legs. Then some more. And then spread even more. I felt a warm breeze on my vagina and I knew it was exposed even though I couldn't see it. He would not let me close my legs. He kidded with me and told me to not move and just soak up the sun. I had sun glasses on and could see everyone walking by although I was trying to act like my eyes were closed. My husband turned away from me and started to read a book.

It wasn't long before I was being noticed. It took some conscious effort to not close my legs. I was shaved at the time, yet another concession to my husband. I was really bald down there. It really itches when it starts growing back, you know. My vaginal lips are normally closed and form a kind of thin up and down line. As the attention grew I became aware that my lips were parting. I could feel it happening because I began to feel the breeze on the inside. Despite myself I was also becoming kind of aroused.

Two guys stopped a short way in front of my legs and sat down. They just stared at my vagina. And stared and stared. I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. I could not control it and there was no stopping it. Then, to my extreme discomfort I actually felt a few drops of liquid (sweat?) trickle down from what I was pretty sure were my outturned lips to my anus.

One of the guys nudged the other to look as I watched. Then, to put it simply, I had an orgasm. I had not touched myself or done anything except lay as still as possible. Yet, I had an orgasm. I tried to stay still and I think I succeeded but I could feel a small gush of liquid come out of me while they watched.

After I calmed down a bit I couldn't take it anymore and got up and announced to my husband that we were leaving. He did not know at the time what had happened. I wrapped the towel around myself and started to walk to the car leaving my husband behind trying to gather up our stuff. One of the men chased after me offering me the bottom part of my bathing suit which had fallen to the sand. I didn't even look at him.

In the car I sat waiting for my husband and saw him take the offered bathing suit bottom and exchanging conversation with the young man for a few moments before he got in and we left. The man had an obvious erection under his bathing suit. That did not register until we had driven for a while. I was very confused at my reaction and VERY turned on. I had experienced an orgasm that came from nowhere without any kind of physical stimulation. In the car I was still experiencing "aftershocks" deep inside my womb. I had to think about this for a while.

My husband was very concerned and questioned me all the way back to the hotel but I couldn't really say anything to him until we got back in the room. He seemed relieved at my explanation and we talked for a while and somehow the experience turned into a positive thing rather than a negative. Anyway, that is what happened. I am not very good at writing but I think I am enjoying it.
