Entry tags: 

alternate reality bites, spike/xander

Alternate Reality Bites (5/8)
Title: Aternate Reality Bites 
Chapter: 5 of 8 
Pairing: Spike/Xander 
Rating: NC-17 
Disclaimer: I'm not Joss 
Summary: Xander begins to have some disturbing dreams about a less successful life. 
A/N: This fic is complete and I'll be posting it over the next 3 days. It takes place in the Biteverse, but can be read on its own right even if you haven't read the rest of the 'verse. For spring_with_xan . 
Credits: I'm grateful to sentine for the wonderful banner and to silk_labyrinth for the fantastic beta work!

Previous chapters here.

Five

The store was crowded. He hated shopping here at this time of day, when everyone else had just got off work too, and everyone was scrounging for dinner. And he wasn’t all that fond of Safeway to begin with. But it was on the bus route on his way home, so that’s where he went. He’d been eating less fast food lately in an attempt to save up more quickly for a car. As a result of that, plus the extra walking he’d been doing, he’d managed to keep off the weight he’d dropped in the hospital, which was satisfying. Not that he was going to attract anyone anyway, what with his horror-show face and his crappy life and less-than-sparkling personality, but he felt healthier and that was good. He’d been drinking less as well: there weren’t any bars within walking distance of his apartment, and beer was heavy to carry home.

Tonight, Xander bought a roasted chicken and some potato salad and a loaf of bread and some tangerines, and he pretended not to notice the way the cashier avoided looking him straight in the face, or the way the sticky little boy hanging out at the gumball machine gaped at him. But his time in line had been long enough that he missed the next bus. He had to wait at the bus stop, clutching his bags, ignoring the way people stared at him as they drove past. It had been a long day and his feet hurt.

The bus finally lumbered up and wheezed to a halt in front of him. Xander climbed on board and fumbled awkwardly to pull out his pass; he flashed it at the driver, who started driving again while Xander was still making his way down the aisle. Xander lurched and almost fell. The bus was fairly full. Most people didn’t look up at him at all, those who did appeared surly. Nobody scooted over to give him a seat. Xander finally stopped next to a thin man wearing a Raiders jacket. “Excuse me,” Xander said. The man scowled but moved over.

Six stops later, Xander got off. A light drizzle had started and he hunched his shoulders as he walked down the sidewalk. The rain dripped down his neck, under his collar, chilling him. By the time he made it the three blocks to his apartment, Xander wanted only to get inside, eat something, and crawl into a nice, warm bed. He trudged across the parking lot, up the stairs, and then around the corner.

The crazy guy was there, hunched against the wall next to Xander’s door. When he saw Xander, he got to his feet. “Xander, please,” he said.

Xander wanted to tell him to get lost; he was in no mood for lunacy right then. But maybe because the guy looked as exhausted, as beaten-down and defeated as Xander felt, or maybe just because Xander didn’t have the energy to argue, Xander held out his grocery bags. “Hold these,” he said.

The guy—what was his name? Wesley Something-Hyphenated—eagerly took the sacks. As Xander fumbled for his key, Wesley said, “Thank you. You’ve no idea how much this means to me. I’ve been trapped here, you see—”

“Tell you what. How about we get some food inside us and then you can rave at me all you want, okay?”

Wesley nodded and trailed after him. He hovered anxiously while Xander took out a couple of plates. How funny. It had been a long time since he’d needed more than one. He pulled out some silverware as well, and a couple of glasses. “Want some water? It’s all I got.” He very much wished he had something stronger.

“Water will be fine.”

Xander handed him a glassful. “Hang on. I’ll be right back,” Xander said. He went into the bedroom and kicked off his shoes. He pulled off his jacket and his damp shirt, and pulled on a sweatshirt instead. When he came back out, Wesley was sitting at the table. He’d taken the food out of the bags and was waiting fairly patiently. Xander had a sudden image of the man kissing Coredelia Chase in the Sunnydale High School library, and how odd was that? Xander hadn’t thought of her in years. Besides, as far as Xander knew, she’d never stepped foot in the library. He rarely had either, for that matter. He wasn’t exactly the scholarly type, and anyway, Mrs. Rodrigues, the librarian, kind of creeped him out.

Maybe the crazy was contagious.

Xander sat down opposite Wesley and began to serve the chicken. Wesley watched him intently. Finally, in a soft voice, Wesley said, “What happened to your eye?” He sounded genuinely concerned and sympathetic, and instead of reacting angrily, Xander found himself blinking back tears.

“Car wreck.”

“I’m very sorry.”

Xander shrugged and wiped at his remaining eye. “My own damn fault.”

“Still, I am—”

“Thanks. You might as well spit out your story now.” He took a big bite of chicken breast and waited.

Wesley nodded. “Yes. This is going to sound very improbable, I know, but….” He sighed. “It’s true.”

“Hit me.”

“I’m from an alternate universe. One quite similar to this one, actually, except in mine things exist that do not here. Magic.”

Xander blinked. “Magic? Like rabbits out of hats and sawing ladies in half?”

“Like witchcraft and supernatural beings. Demons. Vampire slayers.”

“Vampire slayers?”

“Yes. Young girls, one chosen in each generation to.... Well, that’s not really important right now. In any case, I got mixed up with some evil demon lawyers, and—”

“Evil demon lawyers?” This was more entertaining than he’d expected.

“Yes,” Wes replied with slight irritation. “They wanted to temporarily rid themselves of me, so they sent me here.”

“And you want to go home.”

“Of course.”

“Have you tried clicking your heels together three times?”

Wesley narrowed his eyes. “This may seem amusing to you, but I assure you—”

“Yeah, okay, I’m sorry.” Xander really was, a little. The guy was so earnest. “So you want to return to Magicland, and you haven’t managed to catch a ride home on a flying unicorn. How the hell do you think I can help?” He shoved another forkful of food into his mouth.

“Because I know you. Well, not you, precisely. I know the Xander Harris in my world.”

“Yeah? Am I some kind of big-time wizard or something there?”

“No. Actually, the last time I saw you, you were in high school. Afterwards, I believe you had a job in construction. And then you...well, I know this sounds unlikely, but you and your friends helped avert an apocalypse. I’m not sure what happened to you after that; I was rather caught up in my own matters. I believe—”

“Wait. I saved the world?”

Wesley looked steadily at him. “Yes. You were instrumental in saving the world more than once, actually.”

Xander laughed harshly. “Well, obviously your Xander Harris is nothing like me. He’s some kind of superhero or something.”

“No. He’s quite ordinary. I believe that when he was faced with problems, he simply made the right choices.”

Xander snorted. The right choices. He’d never do that. He ate a spoonful of potato salad, followed by a big swallow of water. “Okay,” he said, putting down his glass. “So your Xander is Mr. Action Hero guy. I’m obviously not.”

“Xander, I believe that if my colleagues knew where I was, they might be able to bring me back. I’ve been trying to find a way to send them a message. I attempted to track down other people I’d known, but some of them are dead in this world, and some I couldn’t find, and others would have nothing to do with me. It’s been quite difficult. I don’t officially exist here, I have no papers at all, so getting a job, traveling, those things have been challenging for me. I was running out of options. I hadn’t even thought of you, to be honest. We didn’t know each other well.” He took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose. “And then, several months ago, I dreamt about you.”

“Oh?” Xander felt a little uncomfortable about that.

“Your other self, I expect. You were living in a hotel in Los Angeles where I once lived, along with my friends. You were wearing an eyepatch, actually. And as unlikely as it was, you were kissing someone else I’d known. Someone I never would have partnered you with, not even in the wildest fancies of my subconscious. I thought perhaps it wasn’t a dream after all, but a vision. So I began to look for you.”

“Who was I kissing?”

“Erm….” Wesley looked uncomfortable. “You were kissing a vampire.”

“A vampire? Like, the bride of Dracula? Or maybe more like Catherine Deneuve, ‘cause she was pretty sexy, actually.”

“No. This vampire is male. His name is Spike.”

Xander’s reaction was very strange. He should have dismissed Wesley’s entire story as the rantings of a madman. He should have been creeped out by the guy’s suggestion that Xander would make out with a manpire. But when Wesley said the vampire’s name—Spike; what the hell kind of name was that, even for a monster?—Xander’s heart ached, like he’d been reminded of something important that he’d lost long ago. And suddenly, as surely as he knew that his middle name was Lavelle and that clowns gave him nightmares, Xander knew that Wesley’s tale was true.

***

“We’ve made contact,” Xander mumbled.

“Stop doing that!” said Spike.

“Didn’t really do it on purpose, baby.” Xander groaned slightly as Spike helped him to his feet. This time he’d blacked out in the Laura Ashley suite, right in the middle of installing a towel bar in the floral-wallpapered bathroom. Luckily Spike had been there, watching out for just such an occurrence, or maybe just watching because he enjoyed it. He seemed to have moved Xander out of the bathroom, onto the softer surface of the carpeted main room.

“You nearly bashed your head open on the bathtub.”

“Wouldn’t be the first time I got conked in the head, Spike.” He walked into the bathroom. The rack was hanging off the wall, half-installed. Xander bent and picked up his electric drill.

“Yeah, and it’s lucky the bloody thing is hard as a rock. Pet, tell the sodding Council to let you go.”

“C’mon. We both know I’m not gonna leave Wesley stranded. Besides, now Wesley has convinced the other Xander that something’s going on, and the other Xander wants to help, too.”

Spike sighed. “Of course he does. He’s as big a berk as you are.”

Xander was quiet for a moment as he installed the screws to hold the rack in place. “There. That’s better. Hey, do you know if that faucet I was waiting for came?” Kyna had picked it out of the Insanely Expensive Bathroom Fixtures catalog, and, judging by the time it had taken for the package to arrive, the company was located in suburban Ulan Bator.

Spike ignored his question. “Percy’s a good enough sort, but you don’t owe him anything. Besides, is that world really so horrible?”

“No, it seems okay. But it’s not his home, Spike.” He set the screwdriver into his tool box and rested his hands on Spike’s shoulders. “You know why the other Xander’s playing along? Because when Wesley said your name, he recognized it—I recognized it—and he…I…we—whatever!—went all gooey inside.”

Spike pulled Xander into an embrace and snuffled into the crook of Xander’s neck. “Couldn’t go on if I lost you, Xan.”

“You’re not gonna lose me.” Xander stuck his nose in Spike’s hair and inhaled deeply. “This is no big—”

“Don’t say it!”

“Sorry.” He smacked a loud kiss onto Spike’s cheek. “Come on. Let’s tell the crew what’s up.”

***

Lindsey had spent the day in physical therapy, and didn’t look too happy about it. He was lying on his back on a small couch someone had dragged into the library, groaning theatrically.

“Could just chop ‘em off and save you the trouble,” Spike grumbled as he and Xander entered the room. Spike collapsed into a chair and pulled Xander down into his lap.

“Weren’t you two supposed to be working somewhere?” Angel asked, not even bothering to look up from his book.

Xander was annoyed at the implication that he and his vampire were incapable of doing research, even though the truth was neither of them really liked sticking their noses in dusty old books, and Xander, at least, was less skilled than average at the task. But still, Angel didn’t have to be so snotty about it, especially since Xander was the one wavering between dimensions. “We were working,” he said, although the pronoun was pretty much a stretch, unless Xander-sitting counted as working. “Got the bathroom almost done. A few more things and Kyna can bring in the canopy bed or the stuffed bears or whatever it is she plans to furnish the room with.”

Now Kyna was giving him dirty looks and he felt a little bad about it. But not bad enough to apologize. Spike squeezed Xander’s waist. “My boy’s feeling a bit out of sorts. He had another spell.”

Everyone looked at Xander, even Lindsey. “What happened?” Giles asked. So Xander told them, all the while thinking that he was getting tired of playing this interdimensional game of telephone.

When Xander was finished, Giles nodded. “This is good news, I think.”

Angel said, “Just because Xander’s agreeable on both sides doesn’t mean Wes is any closer to getting home. How are we going to pull him back?”

“I’m working on that right now.”

Xander stood. “Great, you work on it. Spike, let’s go kill something, okay?”

Spike stayed put. “What if we’re in the middle of a fight and you—”

“I won’t. Come on. Please. I’m feeling itchy and I need to get my teeth into something.”

Spike waggled his eyebrows. “We don’t have to go anywhere for that, pet.”

“I wanna bite something living, Spike. Fight first, shag later.”

Chapter Six