This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Spirited (MF, mf, Hf, F-solo, Mh, 1st, anal, best, cons, inc, magic, oral, parody, impreg, reluc)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

16-year-old Heather fumed in the back seat of her parents' car. This had been their second day of traveling across the American Midwest, heading to their new home, and she was bored stiff. Even worse, it seemed that her dad had gotten them lost trying to find the world's largest ball of twine or something.

"I think it's just around the bend," he said for what she estimated was the dozenth time in the last hour. Heather sighed.

The dirt road they had been following ended at an old wooden passenger bridge. There looked to be a small town on the other side, though it was difficult to make out details in the summer haze. Her dad parked the car to the side of the bridge entrance and he, his wife, and Heather got out to stretch their legs.

"I'm just going to have a look on the other side," her dad said, and Heather's mom followed him as he started across the bridge.

"Hey!" Heather called after them. She didn't like this place, and didn't want to leave the car. Finally, after they got about halfway across the bridge she hurried to join them.

Across the bridge was an old-timey Western town with a dirt street, wooden sidewalks and old wooden buildings. However, there seemed to be no one around.

"Hellooo..." Heather's mom called out. The susurrus of the wind was the only reply.

They looked in a couple of shops. Still no one. Then Heather's dad stopped, pointing a building out to his wife. Heather's mom called to her, "Oh, Heather, go have a look around town, will you? Your dad and I will be checking out this store for a few minutes."

Heather gave the store a glance but it looked weird inside, with mannequins wearing tight-fitting leather clothing and feather boas. There were also whips on the walls. She had no interest in that, and so kept walking up the street as her mother suggested.

Her mother and father entered the old Western sex shop and perused the wares with interest. Leather chaps, whips, and...

"Hey, check this out!" Heather's dad said.

Heather's mom had a look. There was a small alcove with a small hole at about hip height in the wall and handles around it. Looking through the hole she could see another room. With a little searching they found the other side of that hole through another door.

Heather's dad gave his wife a wink. "Shall we?"

---

Heather ambled up the street, then turned and walked through swinging doors into what seemed to be a saloon, but again there was no one around. She sat down for a while at the piano and plinked some keys. After a few minutes she left and continued up the street.

---

"Ready?" Heather's dad called from the other side.

Heather's mom had pulled her shorts down and was waiting. "Yep!" she called back.

Heather's dad, similarly de-pantsed, pushed his hard cock through the hole in the wall. Immediately he felt a mouth surrounding it, sucking.

In the dark alcove, Heather's mom saw something poke through the hole and she turned around to guide it into her wet pussy. As she backed up onto it, she wondered only for a moment why her husband's cock felt different than normal, but as it started to thrust into her all rational thought disappeared from her mind.

---

Heather was almost at the end of the street when she noticed the stately manor. Oil gas lamps started to light around the property and she realized that it was getting dark, but hadn't it just been early afternoon?

A white stallion trotted around the side of the building, slowing as it spied her. She stared at it, agape. It was so beautiful! It approached her tentatively. She reached out her hand and it sniffed her. Visibly relaxing, it came forward and she caressed its nose.

Then a chill wind picked up, hitting her back. She turned and noticed that the street was almost dark now.

"You have to get out of here!" a voice said from behind her.

She turned and there was a Native American boy about her age standing there, wearing clothing that looked right out of an old Western movie, right down to the headband and moccasins. Where did the horse go? "Where did you come from?" she asked.

He repeated, "Go! Now!"

He was so serious and his tone so insistent that Heather turned and ran. She rushed into the weird shop that her parents had gone into but she didn't see them. She heard grunting around the corner.

There she found a monster, a horrendous caricature of a woman with no eyes or nose...just a huge slavering mouth, drooling as it slammed its naked backside against the wall again and again. "Uh...uh...uh..." it grunted, over and over.

Heather screamed and ran out of the shop. Other gas lamps were lit along the street now, and it was very dark. She ran toward the foot bridge...maybe her parents had gone back to the car?

The bridge was gone, and the ravine it had traversed was too deep to cross without it. She could hear the rush of a raging river below. Where had the bridge gone?

"Too late."

Heather turned and the boy was there again, looking sad.

"What's going on?" she cried. Looking further up the street, she noticed movement. Were there other people now?

"Quickly...this way," the boy said, pulling her into a space between two buildings. He was very strong, and this close she also realized he was kind of cute, and smelled nice.

He took her wrist and held her hand up between them. She could see him through it, as if she wasn't fully there!

"What...what...?" she stammered.

"You need spirit essence," he replied. "You have to trust me...kneel down and close your eyes."

"I will not!" she retorted. She was young but not naive.

He showed her her hand again. It seemed even more ephemeral! "You will fade away to nothing if you don't do what I say."

She got down on her knees in the dirt and closed her eyes. She felt sick, like when you know you're about to throw up, but nothing seemed to be coming up. She could hear the boy doing something...she heard a regular, repetitive slapping pattern. She was about to open her eyes, when...

"Open your mouth!"

She did so without thinking and a hot wetness splashed into her mouth.

"You have to swallow! Do it or you're finished!"

She opened her eyes to see the boy's cock pointed between her lips, blasting his cum onto her tongue. Feeling faint, she gave up and swallowed, as commanded.

She instantly felt better. The last few spurts hit her lips and she used her tongue to gather and swallow that as well. She had never tasted semen before...it was salty!

She looked at her hand and it was opaque again. His cum did that?

He pulled his pants back up and held out his hand, helping her to her feet. "You're trapped here now...I'm sorry," he said. "Come with me."

Heather followed the boy, who introduced himself as Johano, around the back of the manor house and to the stable there. He hid her under some straw and told her that he would be back later, as he had duties to perform. She stayed there, trusting him, and cried herself to sleep.

---

When she woke Johano had not returned but it was light out. She went around the back of the buildings, keeping to the shadows, looking at the strange people as they went about their day.

There was a being that seemed to be half man, half horse -- a centaur, she remembered from her mythology -- trotting up the street. There was also a dark blotch of...something...resembling three dogs glued together going the other way. What was this place?

A hand touched her shoulder and she almost screeched. It was Johano, motioning her to be silent. They returned to the stable.

"What is this place?" she asked him. "Where are my parents?"

He looked dour. "Your parents were captured by trapper spirits, employed by the lady of the manor. They have been transformed and become beasts in her menagerie."

She looked horrified. "Then...that creature I saw in the shop...was my mother?" She recalled now that, even though there had only been a huge mouth on her face, the creature had her mother's hair.

"Yes. You are now trapped in the spirit world. As an untransformed living being, you will need to absorb spirit essence regularly so that you do not fade away."

She put on a sour face. "You mean I need to swallow your...um..."

He shook his head. "Your digestive processes break the essence down too quickly. You will need to use another method to absorb it more effectively."

She looked at him, horrified. "You mean...?"

"Look at your hand."

She did. It was fading again.

"Remove your clothing." Johano was already doing likewise.

She stared at her hand for only a moment more before she started taking her clothes off. "I've...I've never..."

Johano gave her a reassuring smile. "I will be gentle." Then he pushed her back onto the straw and moved his mouth down between her thighs.

"Oh!" Heather gasped at her first experience with cunnilingus.

Johano seemed to be pretty knowledgeable for a teenager, and she was soon gasping in pleasure. Then he moved up her body and she felt insistent pressure between her legs. She tensed up, but the boy had done a good job down there and she felt him making headway.

"Oh!" she gasped.

Then he paused, pushed hard, and she felt a sharp pain down there.

"Ahh!" she cried out.

Johano held himself still so she could get accustomed to his invading member, though he was only halfway inside her. Then she looked at her hand again...she was fading fast!

"Quickly..." she urged him, and he started to move inside her.

The pain faded to a burning sensation deep inside her. Then it began to feel almost pleasurable, and then...

"Unghh..." Johano moaned, and Heather felt a throbbing deep inside her. She instantly felt better, not realizing through the haze of pleasurable sex that she had been feeling sick again.

Johano carefully extracted his cock from her previously virginal insides. He used the head of it to push a couple of rivulets of cum that were trickling out of her vagina back inside.

Heather suddenly realized the danger she was in. "I could get pregnant!" she whined.

"No, I am a spirit. I do not live, and therefore do not produce living sperm." He was pulling his pants back up, looking an awful lot like a living young man.

"Really?" She was hopeful.

His smile told her everything she needed to know.

---

Heather found that she didn't need to eat in the spirit world, though she would have to have sex with the boy at least once a day. She started to enjoy it, so she convinced him to do it with her a couple more times that day.

After another night of this he came to her in the morning, saying, "The lady of the manor is sending me on a mission. I will be away for several days and you cannot accompany me. I am afraid you will need to apply for a job at the manor and to obtain essence from the staff and clientele as necessary. I am sorry."

Heather was beside herself. She had to have sex with other people, now that she was just getting used to doing it with him? Johano apologized again, but had to leave. She kissed him goodbye, which seemed to surprise him. He rounded the house and was gone. She heard receding hoofbeats.

She approached the back door. Maybe she could assist the cook with kitchen prep? Then she realized that if she didn't need to eat then most likely nobody else here did. She knocked.

The door opened. "Who are you?" asked a pretty young woman with dark hair.

"Um, I'm Heather..." she replied, "I need a job."

---

The young woman escorted Heather up the main staircase and then up a side stairwell to the top floor. There she stayed behind, motioning Heather to go to the ornate double doors at the far end of the hall. Heather knocked.

"Come in!" said an authoritative female voice.

Heather entered carefully. Facing away from her was a tall, full-figured older woman behind a desk. The woman turned, revealing handsome features and a large chest within her tight blouse.

"You want a job, eh?" The woman had an appraising gaze.

"I...yes, ma'am..."

The woman gestured, and a massage table flipped out from a side wall. "You will address me as Lady. Show me how good you are with your hands." The woman removed her blouse, revealing large, pale breasts that made Heather jealous, and lay face down on the table.

Heather had learned to massage her mother's shoulders years ago. She started there.

"Hm, not bad, dearie," the lady murmured.

Heather continued to work, moving down the woman's pale back until she got close to the belt of her skirt, and then she moved back up, focusing on the shoulder blades.

The lady turned over. "Well?" she said when Heather paused.

Heather started from the shoulders again, moving down and to the sides of those large breasts. Then she moved down to the woman's stomach and did as much as she could for those muscles. All that was left was...

"Get right in there, dearie."

Taking a deep breath, Heather took a hold of those huge boobs and massaged them. The lady's eyes closed, a small smile playing on her lips.

When Heather was done massaging the lady's breasts she looked down the table. The lady had removed her skirt while Heather was distracted, but...

There was a hard cock protruding from the lady's groin! Heather stepped back.

"Keep working!" the lady commanded.

Heather hesitated only a moment and then started to massage the lady's legs, keeping an eye on that bobbing penis as if it was a venomous snake. After a few minutes she finished massaging the lady's legs and feet.

"Time for the happy ending," said the lady with a smile.

Just then Heather started to feel faint and sick. It was happening again! She needed spirit essence! She grabbed the lady's cock and put it into her mouth, licking and sucking.

"Hmm...not very good at that, are you? Climb on top and take care of it the natural way," urged the lady.

Heather moved to the side, examining the woman's masculine-looking testicles. "Um...Lady...may I ask, are you a spirit?"

The woman laughed. "Doubly so! Afraid I'm going to put a bun in your oven, girlie? Well, we spirits only look alive...our sexual physicality is only shadows...or memory, depending on the spirit."

Sighing, Heather removed her shorts and underwear and clambered onto the massage table. She didn't want to see the older woman's face for this, so turned toward her feet instead. She reached down and directed the lady's penis to her recently deflowered pussy. The cock was only a little larger than Johano's so she was able to get the tip in with relative ease. Then she pushed down and realized that her pussy was very wet. The massage had actually been quite the turn-on for her, and so she was able to get all of the lady's cock inside her without much trouble.

She heard the lady moan in pleasure and Heather took a moment to get used to the fullness inside her. Then she started to feel sick again and realized that she had to move quickly. She got into a squatting position and started to lift and drop as fast as she could onto that cock. She didn't want to fade away!

Faster, faster...her leg muscles were starting to rebel; they weren't used to this. She looked down at the lady's balls and gave them a tickle and a small squeeze.

"Oh shit!" the lady exclaimed, and Heather felt the cock throb inside her.

She continued to slam her pussy down onto that ejaculating dick, urging as much of the woman's essence to go inside her as possible. Soon she was exhausted, and sank forward. "Urghh..." she gurgled.

---

Avanyu, the girl that had let her into the house, was called to set Heather up with a cot and proper clothes as an employee of the manor, which was actually a massage parlor. She was given an old timey Western dress with a corset, except the skirt had snaps so it could be quickly removed, and no underwear. Classy.

Heather liked Avanyu, who revealed that she used to be living person 150 years ago but when she died she came to the manor instead of going on to the afterlife. She wasn't sure why that had happened, but she had made the most of it.

---

Heather's first client seemed to be a large, green hairy ape. He was very intimidating, but wasn't violent so she ushered him into her private massage room and started on his back (the massage table seemed to automatically adjust to the client's size). He didn't smell like a wild animal, which helped. His muscles were tremendous, so she had trouble digging into them, but he grunted in approval.

When he turned over his massive cock was ready. "There's no way I can handle that...the natural way," she told him.

He looked sympathetic but pointed to it anyway. She took a hold of it and started to masturbate him with both hands. The gorilla lay back with a sigh.

It had been a few hours since her last batch of essence. She wasn't feeling sick yet, but figured it would be best to make sure this gorilla's load got inside her. She was getting turned on, but not enough for intercourse with that monster dick! When the gorilla started to grunt she swallowed the head and sucked as much as she could down her throat. Then there was even more and she couldn't keep it all in her mouth. When she was done swallowing she gasped for air and realized that her hands were coated in the stuff, which was also green. She pulled her skirt up to push as much of the warm cum as she could into her vagina.

---

"I hear you did well with the gorilla," Avanyu whispered to her from the next cot after they went to bed. "I think the lady was testing you."

"Oh," Heather replied. Then she had a thought. "Avanyu? Can you get me into the menagerie?"

"You want to fuck one of those things? You could get hurt."

"What? Oh, no! I was told my mom and dad are in there."

"Oh Heather! I'm so sorry. We'll go at first light."

Heather tried to sleep but started to cry. She tried to be quiet but soon Avanyu was climbing into bed with her, holding her as she wept. It took some time but eventually both of them fell asleep.

---

Avanyu woke her early, as promised. They crept through the house and down into a dungeon level that Heather hadn't seen before. There was the faint smell of hay and feces.

There were cells lining the walls of the hall. Heather looked into each with the light of the lantern Avanyu had brought. There were many fuckbeasts, as Avanyu called them, and the light wasn't very powerful, but she found what had become of her mother alone in one of the cells, her clothes long gone. The mouth that took up her entire face whimpered...her intelligence had obviously been suppressed.

"I'll get you out of here, Mom," Heather promised, "And Dad too, when I find him." Where was her dad?

---

"Attention staff!"

All of the staff gathered in the main hall. The lady was at the top of the foyer stairs, looking down at them.

"All here? Good. I have been informed that Cockless has been hanging around. He causes nothing but trouble, so under no circumstances are you to let him into the building! Got it? Good." Then she turned back to her office.

"Who's Cockless?" Heather asked Avanyu.

"A chaos spirit, shaped like a man, but look for a cock and you won't find one," Avanyu replied matter-of-factly.

"Okay then."

---

Heather was cleaning the windows that afternoon when she saw movement out in the garden. She paused to look. A shadowed, man-shaped figure seemed to be wandering around as if lost.

"Dad?" Heather ran out the manor's side door and rushed to his side.

It wasn't her father. The creature, while shaped like a man, seemed to be made of shadows. His face was nearly featureless in the inky blackness of his skin.

"Oh! Are you..." Heather looked between the creature's legs and found a human-looking penis there, Caucasian flesh colored, which seemed out of place. "...I guess you're not."

The creature raised an arm toward her face in a non-threatening fashion. She let him caress her cheek with his fingers. She got a little thrill at the gentle touch. When she looked between his legs again she saw his cock had gotten hard. It was a nicely shaped one, not too large or small...it seemed...just right...

"Oh...um...are you here for a massage? Why don't you come in?" She took his hand and brought him into the manor.

Heather wasn't sure if the clientele needed to pay or something, but she knew she was approaching her time to obtain more spirit essence, and this being was obviously some type of spirit.

Heather heard someone coming and turned to hide the shadowy creature, but he had disappeared. One of the humanoid armadillo staff passed her by with an odd look, which she had sort of gotten used to by now. She stared back until the staff member went out of sight around a corner.

She turned back to where the creature had been to find he was still there! He could turn invisible! "What a neat trick!" she commented.

The creature's cock was still hard. "Uh? Uh?" he insisted in a sing-songy voice as he thrust his member at her.

"Yeah, come on." Heather ushered him into a private massage room and locked the door.

The shadow creature lay back on the table, his cock pointing at a 45 degree angle. Heather went to try to massage him but found his shadowy form didn't seem to have muscles. Then he reached for her skirt and released the snaps. It dropped to the floor, leaving her naked from the waist down.

Heather stepped out of her fallen skirt as the shadow creature pointed to his turgid member. "Right to it, huh? Okay..." She climbed up and straddled the creature's hips. She really wanted that cock inside her!

She rubbed her pussy lips along the shaft, feeling the heat of it. After a few seconds she rose up and angled the head of it between her labia. She was very wet, so a couple of inches went inside her easily.

"Uh? Uh?" The creature thrust his hips up. It felt good as another couple of inches slipped inside her.

Heather was quite surprised at how easily she was taking his cock, which was a little larger than the Lady's, both in girth and length. She pulled up a little and then pushed back down, and she managed to take the rest of it. "Oh shittt..." she moaned. It felt incredible.

The creature continued to thrust from below, and Heather pushed down and started to grind. The combination worked very well...

Heather felt something building from where she could feel that cock inside her. "Oh...ohh...OOOHHHHH!" The feeling intensified, and then an explosion of pleasure radiated out from there, filling her entire body, making her clit and nipples tingle as she orgasmed.

"Uhh! Uhh!" she gasped and shook, another orgasm cresting up from the wave of the previous. This was way beyond any pleasure she had given herself masturbating. She continued to grind.

"UH! UH!" the creature grunted. Heather felt a warm, throbbing wetness inside her, which set her off again.

"Oh fucckkkk..." After she stopped shaking she collapsed forward onto the shadowy figure's chest. She could feel his hands stroking her hair.

She tried to talk to the shadow creature but he could only make "Uh? Uh?" noises. After she put her skirt back on she checked the hallway and let him out. He immediately faded from view.

"Neat..." she commented to herself with a smile.

---

Heather found Avanyu in another massage room and managed to sneak in unseen. Her new friend was bent over the massage table, being fucked hard by what seemed to be a werewolf.

Heather's hands snaked under her skirt as she heard them grunt and groan. She managed to make herself cum just as Avanyu turned her head to see her there and smiled. As the werewolf howled and filled up the dark-haired beauty with cum, Heather slipped from the room.

---

The next day something big came in and the staff went into a tizzie. Heather heard the receptionist direct the client to the largest room and both she and Avanyu were ordered to attend.

The creature was massive and shapeless, filling up most of the thirty foot square room with its grey gelatinous bulk. Heather called out to Avanyu, "You start massaging that side and I'll begin here." Then she pressed her hands into the creature's flesh, kneading. She wasn't sure if she was doing it right, but as she moved her hands along its body she realized that she was, in fact, making the flesh relax.

After a while her arms started getting tired. Then Avanyu squeaked.

"What is it?" Heather called to her.

"I think it's a penis!"

Heather ran around the side to find a tentacle had separated from the creature's bulk and was pointing at the pretty brunette girl's face.

"Oh!" Something poked Heather's behind. Another tentacle had "sprouted" and was nosing about. "I guess we just..." she reached for it.

Then four more split off from the creature. Now there were three pointing at each girl! Heather took a hold of the one that had been poking her and examined it. Not that she had much experience with real penises, but the end did seem to be more phallic than, say, an octopus' tentacle, and there was a slit in the end where she figured cum would come out. She decided to name it a "dongacle".

She put the dongacle into her mouth and started to suck. As she did so the other five went crazy, thrashing about. Avanyu was knocked to the floor.

"Avanyu!" Heather dropped the dongacle and ran to her friend.

"I'm okay," the girl informed her. "Hey!"

Two of the dongacles were snaking under Avanyu's skirt and a third was heading for her mouth. Heather looked, and sure enough, the other three were also making similar movements toward her.

Avanyu grabbed one and started to jack it. Again, the other donagacles went crazy so she had to let go. Also again, once they calmed down they moved toward the girls, one above and two below.

Heather had an idea. "I don't think we can do them one at a time, Avanyu. I think we have to do them all at the same time!"

Avanyu looked confused. "But how..." And then understanding dawned on her face. "Oh! Oh wow!"

Both girls unsnapped their skirts and reached for the dongacles. The creature already knew what it wanted, so one dongacle waited near each of their mouths while they angled the other ones between their legs.

Neither girl had done anal before, so they started with those ones. The tips of the dongacles started to secrete a clear liquid, which helped. As the heads started to push into their butts they each assisted another to penetrate their pussy lips. Then they opened their mouths.

All six dongacles rushed into their bodies. They weren't large, but Heather's ass rebelled against the unfamiliar intrusion. The one in her pussy felt good, though, so that helped. She sucked on the one in her mouth, making sure to breathe through her nose.

Suddenly both girls were raised in the air, impaled. "Mmmff!" they both exclaimed. Then the creature's penises started to thrust in and out.

"Nn! Nnhh!" Heather gasped, her mouth still full of dongacle. The feeling of one in her anus and the other in her vagina, with only flesh separating them, felt strange, but also good.

She looked over at Avanyu. The girl was sucking as well as she could but her eyes were rolling up into her head. Heather was afraid that she was going to suffocate, but then her friend started to grunt, shaking in pleasure. She was cumming!

Then Heather felt all three of the dongacles expand within her. She was ready, and swallowed as best she could as the creature blew its load into her mouth, pussy, and ass at the same time. What an incredible feeling! She had a little orgasm as she was filled up with the spirit's essence.

Both girls were lowered reverently to the floor. The dongacles disengaged from them gently. Both young women gasped at the sudden sensation of loss.

"For you," Heather heard an older man's soft voice in her head, and she felt something being pressed into her hand.

There was a flash of light and the room was empty, save for Avanyu and Heather.

Avanyu cried out, "Oh, thank you! Thank you!" And then she started to glow.

"What's happening?" Heather asked, moving to her friend.

Avanyu's face was serene. "I'm moving on, finally. Don't worry, Heather...your time will come." Then the glow increased and Heather had to shield her eyes as another explosion of light filled the room. When her eyes adjusted, Avanyu was gone.

Heather looked in her hand. Inside was a golden cherry. She tucked it into her corset and cried for her friend.

---

The next day started quiet. The shadow creature, who she decided to call Inky, had hung around the manor unseen, and Heather and he snuck away so she could obtain another pleasurable injection of essence from his wonderful cock. While her partner was inhuman, she found that she orgasmed quite readily with him inside her. It had only been a few days since she had lost her virginity, so she figured it was because she was getting more comfortable with sex. She couldn't wait for Johano to come back.

---

Later in the day she was walking back from the general store with some equipment in a large metal bucket when she heard a horse galloping, coming closer. She waited, and then saw that magnificent white stallion hurtle around the corner, barely slowing for the turn. It raced toward the manor, but she was right in his way!

The horse adjusted its trajectory slightly to avoid her and something small and white whizzed past her face. The horse screamed as the flying object stabbed into its flank. He continued to try to run but the damage slowed the beast down tremendously. She could see blood fountaining from the wound.

Another small white object raced up the street toward the horse. Heather didn't hesitate, dumping everything out of the metal bucket and moving it into the thing's path.

CLANK! The force of the impact threw Heather off her feet. She managed to twist the bucket so that it fell on top of whatever it had stopped. She then threw her body on top of the bucket to keep it there.

WHANG! WHANG! Whatever was under there was determined to escape, but without the tremendous amount of inertia it had when it had first hit the bucket, it was trapped. Heather could see the dent created from its initial impact.

The horse fell and continued to scream. The noise soon brought out a crowd and then the lady of the manor came out to investigate.

"Johano!" she cried, and rushed to the horse.

Heather was confused. "What!?"

The lady took a hold of something in the horse's flank and pulled it out, crushing it. She then managed to calm the beast and it shimmered, shrinking into the prone form of the boy Johano. "Take him to the doctor," she commanded her entourage.

She then approached Heather. "Move," she said. Heather clambered off of the bucket. The lady lifted it slightly and then grabbed the white thing as it tried to escape. She held it out for Heather to see. It was...

"A dick?" Heather said incredulously.

"Hmp," the lady said, and crushed it. "A message."

As the crushed object floated to the ground Heather realized that it had been paper in the shape of a penis, though with a nasty pointed end. Some sort of origami?

Johano! She ran to the manor.

---

The doctor was actually a witch doctor, which made sense; no need for a medical doctor when it came to spirits. After dancing about Johano's unconscious body he declared that the boy was going to die.

Heather stifled her scream. No! It couldn't be!

She saw movement in the shadows. Inky was there, motioning downward along its chest and then pointing toward her. What was he--? Then she remembered the golden cherry she had been keeping hidden in her cleavage. She brought it out and stepped toward Johano.

"Where did you get that!?" the lady demanded.

"I'm sorry," Heather replied. "From the huge blob spirit yesterday. Will it help Johano?"

The witch doctor took the cherry and placed it into the boy's mouth, forcing him to chew. After a moment there was a bright flash of light where he had been pierced. The witch doctor examined there.

"Hurt healed...poison damage...won't wake up," he rasped.

"My brother has a lot to answer for," the lady said.

---

The lady brought Heather to her office. "I need you to go to my brother and ask him for a way to heal Johano. I know you care for the boy, as do I."

Heather was hopeful. "Will you free me and my parents if I do this?"

"You push your luck, girl! I..." she softened, "...will give you a chance to free them."

---

Heather changed back into her t-shirt and shorts and was put into the lady's horseless and driverless stage coach with specific instructions, "Tell my brother that if he will forgive me my trespasses I will welcome him back with open arms." The lady looked embarrassed so Heather had not asked for details.

As the coach rumbled off, away from the town and her parents, Inky appeared in the seat across from her. "Uh? Uh?" he groaned, his hard cock pointing at her.

Well, at least I won't be bored, Heather thought, pulling down her shorts and undies.

---

It took the better part of a day to reach their destination. Inky had supplied her with two hot loads of spirit essence during the trip, and she was feeling quite relaxed.

As the coach stopped, Inky faded from view again. Heather got out to find herself in front of a small cottage, the complete opposite of what she had expected for the lady's brother. She went up to knock on the door.

The door opened just before she connected with it. Before her was the spitting image of the lady, except with male features. Were they fraternal twins?

"Come in, dearie," the man said. "You can call me Uncle. Your friend can come in too."

Inky reappeared and followed Heather inside.

---

Uncle sat them down on comfortable chairs. "Lady and I started the massage parlor together. She ran the business and I was the idea man. She eventually pushed me out of the company, but I continued to innovate. I came up with a line of massage oils that would double the clientele's pleasure and I offered them in exchange for taking me back. She told me to go away, but soon sent her horse spirit to try to steal my oils."

"His name is Johano," Heather said tersely.

"Johano," Uncle repeated to himself.

"He's hurt." Heather recited the lady's offer to Uncle. "Will you also help Johano?"

Uncle's eyes widened. "He still exists? If he was injured by my poison pricks then he should have been finished off by now."

Heather explained about the blob spirit and the golden cherry. Uncle listened very intently. Finally he got up.

"All right, I will go to the manor, heal the...Johano...and patch things up with my sister-brother. But first, you will do something for me."

He unbuttoned his shirt and lay on his front on the couch. Heather sighed...men...and started to work on his shoulders.

After she finished with his back he turned over. She massaged his well defined, manly chest, and then started to pull his pants down.

She found a vagina.

"What...what?" She thought about it a moment, and then realized it made sense. The lady had a female body but male genitals, and her brother had the opposite. But she had never done anything with a vagina before!

"Uh? Uh?" Inky came forward, his hard cock at the ready.

"Is this okay?" Heather asked, making way for Inky.

"Hmm...why not?" Uncle said, parting his legs to allow the shadow creature access to his pussy.

Inky pushed his cock inside Uncle's vagina and started to thrust. It was odd to hear a man's voice responding to being penetrated vaginally, but Heather was already turned on from massaging Uncle's manly chest. She felt left out and reached into her shorts to play with her clit.

"Unh...climb on my face...oh..." Uncle said.

Heather pulled her shorts and underwear down and did just that. Uncle was distracted by Inky fucking him, but he managed to bring Heather to an orgasm with his tongue before he himself came around Inky's dick. She then heard Inky grunt, filling Uncle up with his cum.

As the visitors got off of him, Uncle looked down at the semen dripping from his vagina. "Interesting...this creature is named Inky?"

"Well, that's what I call him," she replied as she pulled her shorts back on. "He can't speak, so I don't know what his real name is."

Uncle pulled his own pants back up. "And you, a living girl, have been having sex with him?"

Heather sat back down on a chair. "Yes...I need spirit essence or I'll fade away. Why do you ask?"

Uncle looked thoughtful. "Never mind...'any port in a storm', as they say."

---

They stayed the night. Despite the seemingly small cottage, there was a guest room. Inky was up for another round of sex before he and Heather fell asleep in each other's arms.

---

The return trip took a while but Uncle regaled them with tales of the manor in its heyday. They laughed at some of the antics the staff had to deal with way back when, such as when a strange spirit had had a bad reaction to a new massage oil Uncle was testing and vomited over half the staff. Heather had grown to like the strange man, and was willing to forgive him if only he would heal Johano.

---

They arrived at the manor to find the entire staff outside to receive them.

Uncle disembarked and approached his sibling. "Sister-Brother," he addressed her.

"Brother-Sister," she responded.

They looked at each other for a moment, and then stepped forward to embrace each other. Both started to cry.

Heather waited as long as she could stand. "Please help Johano!" she pleaded.

Uncle winked at her and then dashed inside with the leather bound kit he had brought.

The lady looked at Heather appraisingly. "Well, dearie, I promised you a chance to free yourself and your family. Come with me to the menagerie."

They entered the manor and went down the steps into the dungeon level.

"If you can find both of your parents then I will free all of you. If you cannot, then you will stay with us forever." The lady stood aside, looking smug.

Heather was able to find her mother in the same cell as before, but again she could not find her father. She continued to look, but the other male fuckbeasts just didn't look like him at all.

Just then Uncle came down the stairs. "What's going on here?"

Heather rushed to him. "Johano...?"

He held her reassuringly. "He's fine...should be with us shortly." He addressed his sister-brother, "I asked what's happening."

The lady repeated her conditions. Uncle looked dour. He looked around and spied Inky in the shadows. "Come here, Inky."

The lady then saw Inky and was indignant. "What's Cockless doing here? I gave strict instructions that he not be allowed in!"

Heather was surprised. "That's Cockless? But he has a cock!" Sure enough, the referenced appendage swayed between the creature's legs as he tentatively came forward.

Uncle locked Cockless with his gaze. "It's time."

Cockless looked sheepish, but then he extended his arms and legs and stretched himself as wide as he could. He bulged outward from his chest. Right as he seemed he would rip in half, a man-shaped form burst out of him, cock first, and fell to the floor.

"Dad!" Heather rushed to her father's side. He was still a fuckbeast but she recognized his hair, and his mouth was the same, even huge and distended as it was.

Uncle spoke, "She's found her parents, sister-brother. Honor your agreement."

"Fine, fine," the lady responded.

Heather's mind was agog. "Wait...so how was my father inside Inky, er, Cockless?"

"Cockless has no penis of his own," explained Uncle. "He must have somehow absorbed your father and used his."

Heather looked stricken. "Then...I've been having sex with..."

"Your father's penis, yes. I'm sorry, child, but once I figured it out it was too late, and you still needed Cockless' spirit essence that was mixed with your father's semen so that you wouldn't fade away." Uncle looked sad.

Heather looked down at her father's penis. Yes, that was the cock that she had loved inside her, that she had orgasmed around so many times. She felt sick.

Sick! She looked at her hand...it was starting to fade away! No! Not after all this!

Uncle picked her up and rushed her to the infirmary. Johano was there, rising to a sitting position. When he saw Heather's translucent state he jumped to his feet. Uncle lay her down on the bed and then left the room. Johano quickly removed their clothing and thrust himself inside of her.

The sex had to be quick to keep her from fading away so it was frantic and forceful. Still, she came as she felt his cum splashing inside her. Immediately her body firmed up and she felt better.

As they lay there, her head against his strong shoulder, Johano put his hand on her stomach. "Life," he said, wonderingly.

She sat up. "What!? You said you didn't have sperm!"

"I don't."

Then she realized. She'd been unknowingly having unprotected sex with her father's penis for days. While she had obtained spirit essence from Cockless, she had also received loads of incestuous sperm as well!

"Oh God..." she moaned.

---

Heather and her parents, the latter two still fuckbeasts, waited outside the manor. Heather kissed Johano. "Are you sure you can't come with us?" she asked again.

He held her hand against his cheek "I cannot, but I will never forget you, Heather. Be safe."

Heather turned to Uncle and the lady.

"I'm so very sorry, dearie," the lady said, "I didn't realize your father had escaped the menagerie. I really thought he was still down there. I'll have my guards severely punished for keeping that from me."

"It's...alright. Please don't be hard on them." She looked around, spying Cockless in the shadows to the side of the manor. She gave him a smile and a wave. He paused, but returned the wave.

She turned back to the siblings. "Goodbye Uncle..." Then she smiled mischievously. "Bye Auntie!"

The lady looked indignant. "Auntie!?"

Heather led her parents back to the passenger bridge at the end of town. This time it was there, and they crossed.

As they stepped across the midpoint of the bridge, her fuckbeast parents shimmered and then they were themselves again, their clothing intact, as if nothing had happened. They continued to walk.

"Did you have fun, Heather?" her mother asked.

"Mom!" Heather rushed into her arms, crying.

"Hey, what's all this?" asked her father.

Heather sniffled, looking at him. "I just...missed you guys."

Her father looked confused. "We weren't in that shop for very long."

Her mother made a face. "No, not very long at all, Mr. Short Fuse."

"Hey now..."

Smiling, Heather and her parents made their way back to the car.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).
