It takes Sam a while to understand where it comes from: the fear. The desperation with which he clings to his mate in the night, when Dean sleeps senseless and vulnerable and so very trusting in the circle of his arms.

When the moon is full overhead—sensed even if not seen through the roofs they shelter beneath—the cougar joins him in his vigil, and the soft, loving licks they mean to lay on Dean’s cheeks and along his jaw turn into fierce nips that pull him from his dreams and end in bruising, claiming matings.

After, Sam shakes, and tries to make himself large enough to wrap around Dean completely, and he can feel the cougar within him doing the same with a restless, distressed pant.

::There’s blood on the moon,:: the cougar tells him, and Sam can feel it as well, that unsettling ripple in the night around them that means Lilith is on the move.

He turns his mind away then, doing his best to see Dean and not the images that flicker-flash through his head—memories of the visions that shook him in the forest clearing when he sat across the fire from a demon and doubted.

He puts the whole force of his will into turning away from those sights, and so it takes him a while to realize that there are other things hidden between the flashes.

There are blackened, twisted passages of thorn and sinew that stretch on and on for endless leagues. There are pelts, bloodied and raw, strewn across the land. There are red, burnt things that scream and yowl while fire licks through their bones.

There’s Hell. Hell inside Sam’s mind not as an illusion or an imagining, but as a memory.

You’ve been there, he thinks, too shocked to dissemble.

The cougar regards him with the odd, quiet stillness it gets sometimes, and then, in a slow stream of memories, it shows him everything. The trap that lured it out, the wrenching descent into the bowls of damnation, the torments it endured there.

It shows him Lilith, and her tastes in entertainment. In men.

And when he looks at Dean again, through the clarifying glass of the cougar’s memories, Sam finally understands why he’s so afraid: so desperate to keep his mate safe and away from that twisted, white-eyed bitch.

She never killed him, he remembers with a hollow, sinking sensation. Not once in an infinity of futures.

::She wouldn’t,:: the cougar agrees somberly. ::Better for him if she would.::

Sam shudders and holds on more tightly to his mate. Dean stirs—unexpected surprise rather than protest at the bruising pressure—and then, innocently, nuzzles at Sam’s jaw.

“S’okay, Sammy,” he mumbles. “’M right here. ‘Yr safe.”

But there’s blood on the moon, and Hell in his mind, and Sam isn’t safe unless Dean is, and Dean is most definitely not safe. Not with Lilith roaming around out there, hungry for andi blood. Not when Dean is everything she’s ever wanted in pet or lover rolled up into one beautiful, damaged package.

But he and the cougar remain silent as Dean offers them comfort, still so ignorant of his own brightness. Ignorant, as well, of the Hell that awaits him if they lose.