Sighing heavily Hermione followed Ron up the stairs to the Headmaster's office. She was extremely worried about her best friend. There was more to Harry's strange actions than just a simple pregnancy induced mood swing. Something told her, this was about some fear Harry had been hiding within himself for a very long time. They had seen a glimpse of it the day he had discovered he was pregnant, but there seemed to be more to it. Much more.

The two of them reached the Gargoyle that was guarding the staircase to the headmaster's office and were not surprised when it opened instantly. The Headmaster was awaiting them. Sitting behind his desk, Albus Dumbledore looked tired and slightly older that usual. He was very worried about the two men he loved like his own children. How they got themselves into such a mess was beyond him.

"Ms. Granger, Mr. Weasley, welcome back. Have a seat. How about some tea and biscuits? Or maybe a lemon drop?" He offered the yellow sweets to the couple. Accepting the offered tea and biscuits but refusing the lemon drops, Ron and Hermione sat down in front of the Headmasters desk. "I believe you are here to talk about Harry, aren't you?"

"Yes, Professor, that's right." Hermione answered while Ron only nodded. "We're worried about him and … Professor Snape. Harry told us he has rejected his request to bond with him, but it seems he has done it in a very rude way. He was really acting strange. Only a few weeks ago he told us, he feels attracted to the Professor and now he treats him like this. We honestly don't understand him any more - he even told us he called Professor Snape an ex-Death Eater and made him give up all his rights to the child. Harry actually sounded proud of what he did…"

Hermione's voice trailed off, but after a few seconds she added, "On the other hand, … he had been crying and I highly doubt that they were tears of joy. He's hurting emotionally, I could see it. What I don't understand completely is why in Merlin's name he reacted so strongly to being told Professor Snape is the father of his child. He was after all the one who always told us he didn't feel abused and now it seems he was right. They were attracted to each other before and part of him might have recognized that fact…"

When she broke off again, Albus spoke up. "Miss Granger…Hermione, I know this is hard to understand, but you have to trust me in this; Harry is more frightened than ever before in his whole life. Not even Voldemort could evoke such strong feelings in him. After some time he had accepted the fact that the Dark Lord would only give up when one of them would be dead. He knew there would be violence and losses on both sides. But one thing he never thought would happen - that he would survive. You know I am right. I think he even told you so. And while he had come to terms with his pregnancy and the circumstances how his child was conceived, I think right now, he is more scared of living than he was ever scared of dying."

Ron wanted to protest, wanted to say that Harry was scared of nothing, but instead he kept silent. Professor Dumbledore was right, his best friend was, right now, probably more frightened than ever before in his whole life. There was no other explanation for the way he acted. "You mean he is afraid of being with Professor Snape, even if he loves him?" Ron asked carefully.

The Headmaster nodded and Hermione said slowly, "Think about it for a moment, Ron. What do we know about Harry? He was raised by people who did not show him any kindness let alone love. They never touched him or hugged him; he had not even had one real friend until he met you. I know for certain, that Harry never had a real relationship either, nothing that nothing that went beyond a superficial interest. And now we have to ask, why is that so? The answer is very easy, he could never know that the person he was with did not want him for his so called 'fame'."

"That is a very accurate description of his dilemma, Hermione." The Headmaster stated.

"Ok, so we know that he and Professor Snape got along very well while working together to win the war. The Professor is one of the few people who have never treated him like the 'boy-who-lived' or something equally stupid. We know that Harry did appreciate that. That must have been the time they became attracted to each other." Hermione summarized.

When she paused, Ron murmured, "It could have worked, if it had not been for the night of the victory party…"

"Yes, that is where the things became difficult." Dumbledore agreed and sighed. "This was all one huge misunderstanding that got them where they are now. Fact is, they love each other, but it is also fact that they would never believe us, if we told them - let alone be successful in bringing them to admit it to each other. So we need a plan. A plan that will bring the two of them closer together and make them talk. I think their little daughter will be exactly what we need." A mischievous twinkle entered the old wizard's eyes once again.

Hermione stared at him, realization hit her, "You mean we will convince them to bond for what? 'For the sake of their child'? Her tone was slightly ironic, because this sounded just so … cliché!

"Exactly!" The Headmaster announced, grinning happily. "Harry and Severus are men with a certain moral code. Then there is the fact that Harry lost his parents at a very young age and didn't have a loving family with the Dursley's. I would dare say he wants something better for his child. With Severus at his side his family would not only be complete, but also they could stop the gossip much more effectively than they could do it alone. As we all know, at this moment, Severus is writing to the Ministry of Magic, relinquishing all rights to his daughter..." He trailed of to let Ron and Hermione catch up with his plan. Which happened rather quickly, Hermione was not the brightest witch in ages for nothing.

"Oh, yes, I think I know what you mean. Maybe someone could just leave the papers on a desk, where they can be found by some very indiscreet person …. Let's say, Rita Skeeter? I hate that woman, but she could actually do something good with her gossip, for once. How about we talk to your father, Ron and ask him to send her an invitation. They could have a talk about all the changes the Ministry plans, now that 'Voldie' is gone."

First Ron stared at her as if she was insane, but then his face lit up noticeably. "That is a great idea, Hermione. This way Professor Snape will have to protect them. We will have to persuade Harry - tell him that it would not be fair to Ebony to take away the chance for her to have a family…"

"Very good!" Dumbledore clapped his hands and grinned, "So it is set. I will talk to Severus - tell him that I expect nothing less than to see him boded with Harry as soon as possible and that they should handle this is a more 'mature' way. That, together with you convincing Harry to agree 'for the sake of their child', and the article that will follow Miss Skeeters visit at the Ministry, will get us there. They will bond. Everything that goes beyond that, we can deal with after we have made sure they will have to stay together for some time."

He rubbed his hand in anticipation - let the games begin.

ooOoo

Albus, Hermione and Ron spent two days talking to the two stubborn wizards at least four times a day. But their answers would not change. While Snape said the one opportunity he had given Harry, to hurt him, was enough, Harry simply stated that Severus would be near anyways and that his daughter would have every chance to see her other father, without a bonding.

On the third day Harry was allowed to leave the infirmary, but he would have to rest at least 4 hours through the day, in his quarters. Though his classes had been cancelled for another week, the young DADA Professor decided to attend breakfast in the great hall. The gossip mill of Hogwarts was working nicely and all the staff and students would know of his pregnancy by now. Might as well get it over with.

When he entered the Great Hall, the normal noise at feeding time died away. It was totally silent, then like following a silent signal, it started again, even louder than before. To Harry's surprise the students seemed to give him pitiful looks. What was going on here? He had expected criticism or rejection, but for sure not pity!

Ignoring the glances he made his way to the staff table and took his seat besides Severus. The Potions Master looked definitely angry and Harry knew why, the second the other man tossed a copy of the 'Daily Prophet' onto his empty plate. The headline read in big, flashing letters

Gay and pregnant! Harry Potter dumped by his lover!

And right under it, it said

Harry Potter, savoir of the wizarding world and currently 'Defense against the Dark Arts' Instructor at Hogwarts, is pregnant. His lover and father of his unborn daughter, ex-Death Eater Severus Snape, has now gotten rid of him in the rudest sort of way. In a letter to the Ministry of Magic he stated that he has no intention to claim her as his heir and that anything else regarding his daughter is the responsibility of one Mister Harry Potter alone. Said daughter is the result of a one-night stand initiated by Mr. Potter. The-boy-who-lived was hiding behind Hogwarts walls since the beginning of the term, obviously using a glamour charm to hide his pregnancy. After an accident, a few days ago, when a Bludger hit Mr. Potter during a Quidditch match, his secret was revealed. Rumors say that this was not an actual accident, but the helpless attempt to get rid of a child, Mr. Potter knew his lover would never accept. 
Read more on page 12

Snape watched as Harry paled visibly while he read Rita Skeeters lies. The young wizard put down the paper, suddenly not hungry at all. "Severus, we have to talk", he uttered through gritted teeth and stood to leave the hall.