Author: mypenname3000
Title: Editing Reality Book 2, Chapter 05: Midnight Surprise
Summary: Becky gets a midnight surpise when her mother's lover slips into the bedroom.
Keywords: MF Ff mf mfff mc voy oral

Copywrite 2019

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Steve Davies

My wife quivered beside me as the app had its three charges back. I had things to take care of. After enjoying Yumiko Itou with my wife in the nurse's office, I had vowed to help the pregnant girl. Her parents would not be thrilled that their daughter was pregnant. They were a conservative family, like many who sent their children to Rainier Christian High.

The world froze. My daughter and her three friends, sprawled across the living room naked and smeared in pussy juices and cum, paused along with my wife. A sweep of Linda's hair froze in an impossible to hold position, thrusting out from the side of her. 

Anael appeared before me, the angel grinning at me. She was a naughty thing, her purple eyes gleaming. Her blonde hair tumbled about her face while her small breasts quivered. She straddled me, smearing her shaved, hot pussy against my thigh, caressing me.

Mmm, what are you up to, Steve? she asked. The moment it went midnight, you are eager to change reality.

Yeah, I said. It's... intoxicating. I like it.

Who doesn't like power? She grabbed my cock. Despite how much fucking I'd enjoying during the teenage orgy, I could always enjoy more. The Most High edited me to have such stamina. She pumped her fist up and down me as I opened up the search bar.

I typed with one hand as Anael pressed tight against me. I held my phone to the side, her small breasts rubbing against my chest. Her nipples caressed me as she rose her hips, guiding my cock to her pussy. She pressed her vulva against my tip. She rubbed me, teasing me. This wicked heat rippling through me.

I groaned as she slid down my cock. Just as I found Yumiko, Anael bottomed out on me. I click on Yumiko's menu as the angel's pussy engulfed my dick to the hilt. This wicked heat rippled through me. I groaned through clenched teeth as the sleeping girl appeared on my phone. She lay in her bed, sleeping on her side, looking so peaceful. Her black hair spread behind her.

Anael's pussy squeezed about my cock as I navigated Yumiko's menus.

Yumiko Itou
   Physical
   Mental
   Spiritual

I clicked the Spiritual Menu and then down to the Relationship Sub-Menu. I blinked to see my name high up in her list. That wasn't right. She was one of my students, but not one that I had ever had much interaction with. I opened her up and...

Fuck, I groaned as Anael worked her pussy up and down my dick.

Oh, looks like you made an impression when you fucked her, she purred. Best sex of her life. Handsome teacher. The potential for a true relationship. She's liking you more than her boyfriend. That's great.

Just a crush, I muttered as I went to work, editing her. 

   Mr. Davies is a man I want to have sex with, but not a man I love.
   Mr. Davies is a great teacher. 
   If Mr. Davies wants to have sex with me, I will do it gladly.
   I won't ever feel guilty for having sex with Mr. Davies.

I switched over to Horatio's entry, her boyfriend spilling out. She was a little annoyed with him. She didn't think he was responsible and could be dependable to raise a child with her. I had work to do here. Horatio is the love of my life, I added, my fingers typing slow.

It was hard with a juicy pussy sliding up and down my cock. Anael worked her pussy up and down my dick. She squeezed her snatch around me. She danced her hips, undulating them around. She gasped and moaned, her slamming her snatch down my shaft. Pleasure rippled through me as I worked.

   Horatio is dependable and can take care of my baby and me.
   I want to marry Horatio.
   I will always love Horatio.

Just playing matchmaker, huh? purred Anael as she worked her pussy up and down my cock, her small breasts rubbing into me.

Yeah, I groaned, backing out of her relationship menu. I headed to her Morality Sub-Menu.

Morality
   Legality
   Outlook

I opened up the Addition Sub-Menu and added: 

   It's not cheating to have sex with Mr. Davies.

You are such a perv, Anael moaned, her pussy squeezing around me. Mmm, another one of your students that you get to fuck, huh? 

Yeah, I groaned. I can't help it. You've corrupted me.

She nuzzled into my ear, her pussy sliding like hot silk up and down my cock. She licked my lobe then purred, I just showed you the possibilities. You are the one who is manipulating the app. Making those naughty, young things eager to enjoy you. Naughty, naughty.

Yes, I groaned, my dick twitching in her pussy. I am.

My balls grew tight. It was hard to concentrate with that angelic cunt working up and down my dick. Anael's pussy squeezed and massaged me as I bucked out of Yumiko. I had her house open to search through. I looked for her parents. I had to survey them. See what issues they would have when they learned she was pregnant.

I found them sleeping in their bed, the mother a mature version of Yumiko. A slender thing lying beside her husband. He was on his back while she lay on her side. I opened up her menu, peering through her thoughts. She was very submissive. She seemed to follow her husband's lead in anything. If he objected to her daughter's pregnancy, then so should she. If he accepted it...

Interesting.

I switched over to her father. A quick peek into his morality and his relationship with his daughter showed that he was an uptight man. He wanted his daughter to be perfect. She had to get straight A's. She had to be valedictorian. She had to become a doctor and make the family proud.

She wasn't even supposed to have a boyfriend. They didn't know she was seeing Horatio. He didn't even like Horatio, seeing the young man as a loser. A slacker who would never amount to anything. I shook my head at that. I went to work on him. I edited away these problems. 

Now he liked Horatio. He wouldn't be so controlling of his daughter. He would be happy that she was pregnant and help her. He would approve of her relationship with Horatio. It wouldn't bother him at all that she has sex with Horatio. 

   Yumiko loves Horatio so it is okay for them to have sex. They are going to get married. It is not a sin with such a commitment, but an expression of their love. 

I smiled at that. As a final note, I dove into his health and saw he was in the beginning stage of emphysema. The man smoked. I went to his Physical Menu. I clicked it. 

Physical
   Skin
   Head
   Torso
   Arms
   Groin
   Legs
   Nervous System
   Illness

I opened his Nervous System Sub-Menu. 

Nervous System
   Brain
   Spinal Column
   Pain Threshold
   Pleasure Threshold

I clicked on his Brain Sub-Menu. 

One option was Addiction. I clicked that and edited out his cigarette need. I cleaned up his sickness. The man would never smoke again. That would free up some money, so I moved through to his morality again and added that he would invest that money into his daughter's future.

He would make sure she had a good life with Horatio.

My dick throbbed the entire time, Anael's pussy sliding up and down my cock. She worked faster, massaging me as I struggled to focus. My balls drank in the heat of her. This wondrous delight that soaked them. 

My balls grew tighter and tighter. Anael's head shook from side to side as she slammed down my cock. Her pussy gripped me. Her silky sheath massaged me. I groaned, my fingers digging into her rump.

She whimpered and groaned as she rode me. Her soft voice echoing around me as I committed the changes to Yumiko's father. I shuddered, my dick throbbing as I hit the YES button. It was such a thrill to change someone, even if only a little bit.

I switched over to Horacio, searching for him. It leaped across town and he appeared in bed. He was in the middle of fucking a girl. I blinked at that. I didn't expect him to be cheating on Yumiko. My face tightened, seeing the blue-haired girl's face twisted in passion as she stared up past his shoulder, her fingers digging into her back.

He was about to cum in her.

Oh, that is wicked, moaned Anael. Her pussy grew hotter around my dick. Look at him go.

Yes, I groaned. Wish I checked him first.

Regret making Yumiko love him even more now? asked Anael as she slammed down on me. My dick throbbed in her pussy.

Yeah, people shouldn't cheat on each other, I groaned.

You arranged for Yumiko to cheat on Horatio with you whenever you want that tight, pregnant pussy of hers, purred Anael.

That's different, I groaned, my dick throbbing, Anael's pussy sliding up and down my pussy faster. Her silky sheath gripped me. She doesn't think it's cheating.

Guess you have a lot of work to do, groaned Anael as I opened Horatio's menu. 

Yes, I growled, my dick throbbing in Anael's depths. Her pussy slammed down me, gripping me, that wonderful snatch gripping me.

Her hips wiggled from side to side as I navigated to his Relationship Sub-Menu and opened up Yumiko Itou. I read the list. He liked her. Thought she was fun, but it wasn't anything deep. She was willing to do things with him, and he was more than willing to take advantage of her.

Not a great guy.

That would change.

I had a lot of work to do. I started typing, my dick aching and throbbing in Anael's pussy. She cooed in delight, teasing me with that hot twat as I made my additions, rewriting Horatio's relationship with Yumiko.

   Yumiko is the love of my life.
   I would never cheat on Yumiko.
   I want to be responsible. If I found out she was pregnant, I would happily marry Yumiko.
   I want to take care of Yumiko and marry her one day.
   I want to make a family with Yumiko.
   Yumiko is a beautiful woman. I will always think that.
   It's not cheating if Yumiko has sex with Mr. Davies, nor will I be bothered if she has sex with him. I know she will always love me. 

I found out that the girl was someone called Yurika Misumaru. An infatuation. A dream girl he'd always wanted to enjoy. He was thrilled to fuck her, and apparently paying for the privileged. She was some sort of skank that was selling herself to a horny boy. I shook my head. I deleted the relationship entirely, erasing this casual connection from ever having occurred.

I switched over to his Morality Sub-Menu and found his views on monogamy. Amazingly, he didn't see what he was doing with the blue-haired girl he was fucking as cheating. I didn't know the girl, but I didn't care. She was just a fling, a passing infatuation. I revised his morality. 

   Cheating is never okay.
   I would never cheat on my wife or girlfriend. 
   I would never cheat on Yumiko. 
   A man is faithful. 
   A man is hardworking. 
   A man takes care of his family.

I made him into a responsible man. I strengthened his love. I felt I had everything ready. I hit the 

DO YOU WISH TO DO THIS? 

button. 

YES

or 
 
NO

appeared. 

I confirmed the changes. Reality rippled once again, Anael's pussy squeezing down on my dick.

On my screen, the image of Horacio fucking the girl blurred away. The distortion obscured everything. When it cleared, he was in bed with Yumiko. I blinked at that. I guess I edited Yumiko's father enough that he didn't mind his future son-in-law spending the night.

Yumiko didn't look as cute. She looked flushed, naked, her breasts exposed by the blanket, her hair tousled. It was clear the two had enjoyed each other before falling asleep. My dick throbbed at the sight of her budding breasts.

I remembered playing with those tits with my wife.

Damn, I groaned, closing my eyes, enjoying Anael's pussy now.

She slammed her pussy down my cock, taking every inch of me. I didn't have any distraction now. My free hand grabbed the angel's rump. I squeezed her, kneading her ass. She gasped as I slammed her down my cock. Her snatch engulfed my dick. Her moans echoed through the living room.

Her hips wiggled from side to side, her small breasts rubbing against me. She moaned into my ear, her breath warm. Her pussy squeezed around my dick, massaging me, bringing me closer and closer to my orgasm.

I had changed reality. I had modified Yumiko and Horacio. 

Yes, I growled, my balls growing tighter and tighter. My dick throbbed in her embrace. Her pussy squeezed around my dick, massaging me. Goddamn.

Just let it out, moaned Anael. Give me my reward, too. Ooh, yes, yes. You changed them. You molded reality to your desires! Revel in it!

Yes! I snarled, my fingers digging into her rump. I thrust my hips up as she slammed down my cock.

Flesh slapped into flesh. My balls cracked into her taint. I groaned. The pleasure fired out of me. My cum flooded the angel's cunt. A drunken euphoria swelled through me. This wild exhilaration that flooded through my body. I grunted, massaging her ass, squeezing her as the pleasure raged through me.

My jizz pumped over and over into her depths. I spilled so much cum into her. I growled out as I filled her to the brim with my spunk. Stars burst across my eyes. Darkness spilled across my vision. I gripped my phone in one hand, her rump in the other.

My cum spilled into her. I gasped. My heart pounded through my veins. My dick pulsed in her as she milked my cock. This passion burned through my body. I groaned as I closed the app, panting, my body buzzing.

Enjoy, Anael moaned as she faded.

Reality lurched back into action.

My wife shifted leaning over and... You shifted. You did something naughty. Look at you, you're panting.

That wicked angel, I groaned.

My wife ducked her head down. Linda's auburn hair spilled over my lap as she sucked on the tip of my cock. I gasped, my dick throbbing in her mouth. A spike of pleasure shot through me. My toes curled and my shaft twitched in her mouth.

Linda? I groaned.

Her mouth popped off. Damn, your cock isn't soaked in pussy juices. I thought I'd taste an angel.

I guess she all goes away, I panted, leaning back against the couch.

So... you fixed Yumiko? Linda asked, cuddling against me.

And her boyfriend. That boy is going to be far more responsible.

Good, she said. 

Now I just have to figure out who made me mayor, I said. 

We'll figure it out, my wife said, resting her head on my shoulder. She yawned.

It was infectious.

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Becky Davies

I was dozing after Tonya made me cum. I was so aroused after eating out her mother. It was such a wicked thing to do. Tonya was out beside me, sleeping on her side, curled up to me. As I drifted through that half-sleep, half-dreams, I thought about Mrs. Alberts.

It was so wicked what we did. I ate her out while her husband snored on only feet away. It was wicked. Something my mother would have done. She was such a naughty lady. I wanted to be like Mom. This last week was so transformative. I felt like a different woman.

I used to be shy, scared of approaching others, but making love with my parents, my sister, Tonya, and now Mrs. Alberts had changed me. Made me eager for more delights. Daddy would always be my man, but I could be like Mom.

I could enjoy any woman out there. Seduce them. Even share them with Daddy if I thought they would understand.

I shuddered. That made me feel naughty. I knew I would have wicked dreams. I was on the verge of falling into slumber in its entirety when the door creaked open. I came awake, my eyes flicking to Mrs. Alberts creeping into the room, her robe open, her naked body flashing beneath. She was a blur to me with my contacts taken out, growing into focus as she sneaked closer.

Her eyes met mine.

Her finger came up to her lips.

I shuddered, swallowing. Tonya was asleep beside me. Like her father, she was a heavy sleeper. I bit my lip, wondering if she was that heavy of a sleeper. And if not, it would still be hot to get caught. Maybe mother and daughter...

I pushed the blankets off our naked body. Mrs. Alberts paused, seeing my large breasts and her daughter cuddled nude beside me. My heart pounded faster. It sounded so loud. My breath quickened while Tonya shifted beside me, making such a cute, mewling sound.

The whisk of the robe sliding of Mrs. Alberts sounded so loud. I swallowed, the MILF baring herself, exposing those round breasts and that delicious body. I licked my lips, my mouth still lingering with the tart flavor of her pussy.

She placed her knee on the bed, shifting her weight to it. The mattress springs creaked. She moved so slow, trying not to jostle her daughter awake. I shuddered as she touched my knees. She pushed my legs apart. She wanted to eat me out.

She had to eat me out. I could feel the lust. This was so wild. I had given her a taste of her fantasy, and now she had a chance to act on it. Her hands caressed my thighs, stroking me as she pushed my legs open wider and wider.

The MILF leaned over, her sandy-blonde hair spilling down her cheeks as she leaned in. I trembled, feeling her daughter against me. Mrs. Alberts lips kissed at my mid-thigh. Her lips were hot. My toes curled. I whimpered, my breasts quivered.

I wanted to cry out. We had to be so quiet.

The MILF smooched up my thigh. Her tongue licked my flesh. Her eyes reflected the moonlight spilling through the window, gleaming with her glassy lust. I twitched on the bed, my body caressing Tonya's as she slept against me.

Her arm moved. Mrs. Alberts froze as her daughter's hand came to rest on my belly. I shuddered at the sleeping touch, Tonya's breath warm on my cheek as she snuggled closer. Her breathing was regular. 

This was so exciting. My heart thundered in my chest. My stomach twisted, enhancing the wet ache in my pussy. I burned. I needed the MILF to do such wicked things to me. I wanted her to devour me. To eat me.

Mrs. Alberts kissed higher. 

My pussy clenched. The higher she climbed, the more my excitement mounted. Her tongue flicked up my thigh. Then she kissed her. She smooched at my inner thigh. She came closer and closer. My toes curled and relaxed. I wanted to whimper. To groan.

I wanted to moan out in delight.

She was three inches away. Two. One. My eyes fluttered as her tongue flicked into my bush. Her lips nuzzled through my pubic hair. Mrs. Alberts stared up at me. She froze, her lips on the edge of my vulva, just touching my labia.

I stared into her, feeling this trembling energy racing through me. I nodded, encouraging her to take that step.

That final plunge into true lesbian passion.

Her tongue flicked out. She slid it up my slit. I clamped my jaws shut. My back arched. It was so hard not to groan out my pleasure at that slow lick through my pussy folds. She brushed my pussy lips. She grazed my clit. Rapture surged through me. My eyes fluttered.

Tonya kept sleeping beside me, oblivious to the naughty things her mother was doing to my pussy. Mrs. Alberts licked again, her tongue diving deeper, stroking me. My rump clenched. My thighs twitched. The bed creaked as I shuddered.

Mrs. Alberts froze as her daughter shifted again, mewling as she slept. Tonya's hand slid up my stomach to brush the bottom of my breast. I groaned as she absently grabbed my boob, just holding it as she slept. Her head shifted on my shoulder.

Mrs. Albert's licked again.

My nose twitched. Such wicked pleasure surged through me. My heart hammered in my chest as the MILF lapped again and again. This wicked pleasure spilled through me. My eyes fluttered as I savored this delicious treat. It was a wild delight.

At any moment, Tonya could wake up. It made this feel incredible. Her mother's tongue lapping through my folds sent dizzying ripples through my body. The MILF took her time. She savored the flavor of my pussy as she pleasured me.

It was hot.

I wanted to cry out.

Rapture spilled through me. My butt-cheeks clenched as she caressed my folds. Then she nibbled on my labia. My fingers clenched. I shot my hand down. I grabbed the MILF's hair, holding her as she pleasured me.

She lapped. She fluttered. Her tongue darted through my folds. She brushed my clit. I exhaled through my nose. I ground my teeth, fighting the pleasure. My hips shifted. I squirmed beside my sleeping friend as her mother feasted on me.

Mrs. Alberts jammed her tongue into my pussy.

She nibbled on my labia.

She sucked on my clit.

All these wonderful sensations shot through me. Her tongue was amazing. She feasted on me. I let out a little groan. Tonya squeezed my boob. I shuddered, trying not to buck as the pressure built and built in me.

Mrs. Alberts, I whispered, fighting against making such wicked noises. 

She latched onto my clit. She sucked hard on my bud. Her hands squeezed my thighs as she nursed. She made these obscene sounds. The pleasure swelled through my pussy, building towards my climax. I couldn't fight this. It was too incredible.

Darkness washed across my vision. I whimpered. My body wiggled, pressing against Tonya's. I felt her small breasts on me. Her hand twitched around my tit. She sighed and snuggled against me as she slept.

My orgasm exploded through me.

My body bucked.

The bed creaked.

My boobs jiggled. I whimpered as ecstasy flashed through me. This intense rapture slammed into my mind. It spilled over my thoughts. Waves of bliss inundated my senses. Stars burst across my vision. My pussy convulsed. Juices gushed out of me.

I drowned the MILF. I flooded her. I spilled across her mouth. Mrs. Alberts drank down my passion as her daughter slept on oblivious. My teeth ground together as I fought against my moans. It was so incredible.

Yes! I moaned. My fingers clenched. Yes, oh, yes!

Mrs. Alberts tongue fluttered around my pussy folds. She licked me clean. Her glassy eyes stared up at me as my breasts shook and jiggled. She brushed my clit, sending another shudder rippling through my body.

Becky, she whimpered, raising her head. I... I...

I smiled at her. Great. Loved it.

She nodded her head. She rose, her naked breasts swaying. In the moonlight flooding through the window, I could see the gleam of my pussy juices on her face. I breathed in, inhaling my own tart musk. I trembled as the MILF rose from the bed.

She bent down to pick up her robe as I gasped for breath. I couldn't believe we got away with it. The MILF leaned over and gave me a kiss. Her lips tasted amazing. My tart delight coated my tongue. It was a delicious treat to taste myself. I shot my hand between her thighs, rubbing her.

She shuddered then broke away. I think we pushed it enough.

I winked at her.

She padded naked across the room, her robe clutched in hand. I stared at that cute rump. I shuddered as she slipped through the door and closed it behind her. The latch clicked shut. Her footsteps padded down the hall, fading.

Tonya stirred beside me.

She snuggled up to my face and kissed my cheek. I turned and gave her a kiss on the lips. Her eyes were half-open. She let out a little groan, her eyes shut, and she slipped into sleep. I brushed my nose against hers.

I liked this new life. I had to figure out how to get Tonya and her mother together. That might be hard, but at least she could join me in seducing other women. Like the teachers at our school, Ms. Esmeralda...

Maybe I could use religion. If it was okay for us to have sex, it had to be okay for Tonya to have sex with other women. And maybe, after a while, I could lead her to incest. Breach it slow, make her think about her mother in that way.

It would be hot.

I closed my eyes and slipped into naughty dreams.

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

James Davies

The sucking on my cock drew me out of sleep. I groaned, my eyes fluttering open to stare at an unfamiliar ceiling. It was higher than the one in my bedroom. The bed felt different, like a hotel mattress. I groaned, groggy, struggling to think. I had women sleeping beside me, the busty tits of Orihime on my left, and the small breasts of Ruri on my right.

Neither were sucking on my dick.

It came to me. I was in my room at Dreamgirl Delights, the business I was running with my friend, Seth. I glanced down my body to see dark-blue hair spilling over my stomach, a hue not found naturally unless the girl was created based off a fictitious, Anime character.

Yurika sucked my cock. I wasn't sure why she was pleasing my cock or in my room. I hadn't ordered her to blow me. Last I saw her, Vin Dexter from my high school was taking her upstairs around midnight to enjoy her. However, I didn't have a problem enjoying the blowjob.

A god had every right to enjoy his creations.

Yurika came from the same series as Ruri, a ditzy, busty girl that Ruri often rolled her eyes at and called idiot. 

It was incredible to have Yurika sucking on my cock. She worked her mouth up and down my dick, sucking with such hunger. I groaned, my dick shuddering. I clutched my two girlfriends to me as I enjoyed that hot mouth working up and down my cock.

I savored the warm, suckling pleasure. This delicious delight. Yurika's hot mouth bobbed up and down my dick, her eyes staring up at me, bright and eager. She had such a cute face, especially with her lips wrapped around my cock.

Damn, I groaned.

Mmm, noisy, Orihime muttered, her big tits pressing into my side. Her orange hair shifted, half-covering her face. Too early.

James, whimpered Ruri. Her eyes slid open. What are you...? Her eyes trailed down to Yurika bobbing her head up and down my dick. Idiot!

I grinned at her and then kissed her on the mouth. She froze for a second, but then she melted into my kiss, her lips working against mine as Yurika sucked on my cock. My dick twitched and throbbed in Ruri's mouth, my balls growing tighter and tighter.

Mmm, she's just jealous that Yurika's sucking your cock, Orihime purred, her voice slurred. She pressed her head into my neck.

Ruri broke the kiss. Am not. That slut can suck your cock all she wants.

I grinned at her. You are jealous.

Ruri's delicate cheeks went scarlet. She shifted against me then rolled her eyes. Idiots.

I kissed her again, thrusting my tongue into her mouth as Yurika's sweet lips brought me closer and closer to my eruption. I slid my hands down both my girlfriend's supple backs to cup their rumps, Orihime's plumper than Ruri's. I squeezed and kneaded them as the pressure in my balls grew.

Yurika possessed skill. Like all the girls I'd created for Dreamgirl Delights, she knew how to please a man. Was eager for it. I focused on that when I created her, drawing her in bold inks on my sketchpad and willing her to life.

Her hands found my balls.

I groaned into the kiss with Ruri as Yurika's delicate fingers massaged me. My toes curled. Pleasure built and built in me. This wondrous heat that spilled through me. I pressed Ruri and Orihime tight against me, loving the feel of both my girlfriends' against my flesh.

Mmm, just enjoy, purred Orihime. then let's go back to sleep. So early.

Yurika sucked harder. I groaned, breaking the kiss with Ruri. Damn, Yurika. You want my cum.

So does Ruri, mumbled Orihime.

She's welcome to it, Ruri said even as my fingers slid past her rump, caressing her taint on the way to her hairless pussy. I stroked her juicy lips, grinning at her. She flashed me a dangerous, warning glance as I fingered her dripping twat.

I shoved two fingers into her depths.

Ruri gasped and shuddered. Her pussy clenched around me. I stirred her up, enjoying her squirming as almost as much as Yurika's hot and hungry mount. But the Anime girl sucking my cock felt incredible. She was too much to ignore.

The pressure built in my balls. They swelled in them. I groaned as my dick throbbed. I was so close to exploding. I groaned through my clenched teeth. The pressure was intense. I squeezed Orihime's rump and thrust my digits into Ruri's depths.

Erupted into Yurika's mouth.

Damn! I groaned.

Mmm, just flood her mouth, James, slurred Orihime into my neck.

Yes, yes, flood the slut's mouth! Ruri whimpered, her pussy clenching on my fingers.
Pleasure spurted from my cock. Every blast sent those powerful surges through me. I reveled in them. They splashed across my mind. They spilled over my thoughts, drowning me in that bliss. It was incredible to experience.

I loved it.

My heart thundered in my chest. My fingers jammed deep into Ruri's pussy. I stirred her up as she shuddered against me. She whimpered and trembled, clutching to me as the pleasure burned through my body.

I fired the last of the cum into Yurika's mouth.

Damn, I panted, pumping my fingers in and out of Ruri's juicy pussy.

Yurika popped her mouth off my dick. Ooh, that was so yummy, Master!

Master? That was new. Seth must have started that. I liked it. You did good. Did you just need a taste?

Oh, no, Master Seth sent me in to give you your share of the take. At least the cash portion. A lot of PayPal and credit card transactions were used, too. And someone even paid with some Bitcoin.

Okay, I panted. 

It's on your desk, Yurika said, a perky expression on her face. She had a bit of a ditzy look as she hummed and scooped up her clothing, a replication of the uniform she wore, a cute version of a naval officer outfit.

I kept fingering Ruri as Yurika dressed. The girl had such a carefree expression as she left the room. Ruri shuddered beside me, and then she gasped and came. Her pussy writhed about my fingers, caressing me with her passion, soaking me.

After her orgasm passed, I pulled my fingers out of her and rose. I sucked her spicy juices off of me as Orihime groaned and buried her head beneath a pillow. I reached the blue, vinyl deposit bag left on my desk. The type businesses took to the bank. I unzipped it.

Blinked.

There was a wad of twenties in there. Maybe more than a thousand dollars. I sank down on the chair at the desk, my sketchpad beside it, my special Coptic marker ready to be used to ink naughty anime girls to life.

Damn, I said. I had no idea what I should do with the money besides buying things.

And what was the point? I could just draw anything I wanted.

I frowned, glancing at the sketch pad. What should a god be doing?

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Becky Davies

I couldn't help the wicked smile on my lips the next morning as I ate breakfast sitting between mother and daughter. Tonya had no idea I had enjoyed her mother last night, and Mr. Alberts and her little brother, Casey, were oblivious that I had made love to both of the Alberts women.

It was such a naughty thrill. I dove into my breakfast, loving this. I definitely had to ease Tonya into incest. I think her mother was open to it, but Tonya would be a different story. I quivered on the chair as I dug into the French toast.

Mmm, you always have the best syrup, Mrs. Alberts, I said to the MILF, loving the way she blushed.

Thank you, honey, she said. 

It's good, agreed Tonya, oblivious to what had happened late during the night. She had slept through it. 

I glanced at Mr. Alberts, sitting at the head of the table while my feet both moved. I parted my legs and brushed the calves of both my lovers. I stroked mother and daughter at the same time, caressing them while they both shuddered beside me.

I should talk to Dad. Maybe he had some ideas. He helped smooth things over with Tonya.

<p style="text-align: center;">~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Steve Davies

The weekend was over. The slumber party had gone most of Saturday, leading to a lot more fucking. I had confirmed through the app that all three of my daughter's friends were pregnant, my sperm finding their eggs.

Linda thought that was hot. I know I didn't give her this breeding fetish. Examining her in the app showed it was developing all on her own. It triggered something in her that made church the day before positively wicked.

I spent my Sunday charges on doing some cleanup at church. There were a few marriages that were a little rocky, including my wife's newest lover, Evaline. She was clingy when we first arrived for Sunday service, almost catty with me over my wife. It was clear Evaline had fallen hard for Linda while her husband seemed depressed. They'd been fighting all week, and he had no idea why. So I took care of that infatuation and her jealousy. Evaline would be a lover, but nothing more. She wouldn't ruin her marriage over it.

And she would be happy to enjoy me, too. So when Linda invited her over to talk, it ended up with the three of us in the bedroom and the Korean wife gasping on my cock, though I had edited her so she couldn't get pregnant by me. 

A provision I planned on adding to any married women.

Next, I dealt with the preacher's wife. Thanks to Linda seducing Fabiana, it degraded her value in monogamy and she started an affair with Deacon Luke Elder. I corrected both of them. I didn't like cheating, even if I was editing women to sleep with me without them feeling any guilt.

I know, I was a hypocrite, but I just couldn't help myself. I had the power to do this, and they wouldn't form any lasting relationship.

My church feeling stronger, and the reverend looking a little more confident when he took the pulpit, I enjoyed the Sunday service. I was making my community better three changes at a time. I didn't know what the other editor was doing.

I hadn't found a hint of his or her activity outside of making me mayor.

I went through girl after girl at my school, especially the popular ones, looking for any of them that had been edited. None were locked saved the few I had enjoyed. I expanded out to the handsome guys. After all, it could be a girl who was in charge looking to hook up with a hunk. Or to make a hunk.

Nothing.

No rooms were edited. I went blurry-eyed scrolling through objects at the school, but couldn't find anything.

I still had my three Monday charges. I puzzled on what to use them on as I knocked on my son's room to rouse him. He'd come home last the night before from hanging out with Seth Parish all weekend. I didn't know what my son, his girlfriends, and his friend were up to, but at least he was socializing.

And it kept him out of the house while we were having fun. I could use the phone to spy on him, but he was a good kid. I had to have some trust in them. I couldn't just control my children's lives. I had that chance and didn't edit obedience into them.

Hey, James, I said, knocking. Time for school.

I heard giggling. He's almost ready, Mr. Davies. said the polite Ruri. Orihime was... being a brat.

Yep, Orihime said. She yanked open the door revealing herself topless, her breasts constrained in a pink bra. Sorry.

James shifted as I saw him buttoning up his shirt, already wearing the gray slacks that were his uniform. Ruri was dressed, her gray sweater vest over her white blouse. She sat at James's desk, his sketchpad open to a drawing of a voluptuous girl.

Homework done? I asked him. I'm glad you're hanging out with your friends and all, but your schoolwork's important.	

James nodded. He had a distant look in his eyes as he slid his tie on and began forming the Windsor knot.

Everything okay? I asked.

James shrugged.

I sensed something, but then a tug on my sleeve distracted me. I turned to see my eldest daughter, Becky. She had a pensive look on her face. I hadn't seen much of her this weekend, either. She spent it at her friend's house. 

Can we talk real quick, Dad? she asked.

Sure, I said, my dick stirring. I hadn't had a chance to make love to her in a few days. She had such big, ripe breasts swelling her school uniform, her auburn hair gathered in her cute braid. Her skirt swirled as she led me down the hallway to her room. We don't have time to...

Her cheeks colored. It's not that Dad. It's just... She took a deep breath. I kinda seduced Mrs. Alberts.

Oh, I said, blinking. My daughter was so shy, but she had tried to seduce Tonya, so maybe she was coming out of her shell. I had tweaked her to do that.

Yeah, it was great, but now... I want to get Tonya and her mother together.

My dick throbbed. I couldn't do anything about Tonya, having already edited her to patch up her relationship with my daughter. Now the mother... 

Okay, honey, so, you want some advice? 

My daughter nodded her head. Yeah, I was thinking of trying to ease Tonya into it. You know, drop hints, make her think of her mom that way.

I grabbed my phone. Hmm, let me think a moment, I said, turning my phone on. I unlocked the screen. I might be able to do something.

My daughter gave me a strange look as I opened the app to viewing mode and paused time. I found Mrs. Alberts and peeked into her. Her sexual orientation was well into bisexual. According to her relationship with my daughter, Becky had triggered some sort of latent desire, a curiosity the woman had always wanted to try and had been too afraid to indulge in. Now that she was older, she was starting to have regrets on her missed opportunities.

Then Becky went down on her and it changed everything. Opened herself up. And knowing Becky was sleeping with Tonya had shifted things, too. The mother was thinking about her daughter in that way. I checked Mrs. Alberts Desires Sub-Menu and found some kinky fantasies that had been born. 

She wanted to enjoy her daughter.

I switched over to Tonya, just to check on hers. Under her Morality Sub-Menu, I found: Incest is wrong.

That was a problem. I checked her desires, and Tonya was beginning to have thoughts of lesbian sex with other women. The more she did things with Becky, the more Tonya was convinced it was right. Some of her teachers were rising up in her relationship screen, fantasies about doing things with them.

I closed the app and Becky launched back into motion. Try roleplay.

Roleplay? asked Becky.

I have a feeling Tonya's not going to be into incest at all. She's young. She needs to be eased in. Start pretending you're her Mommy. Maybe pretend to nurse her. Get her thinking of it. Then see if you and she can seduce an older woman together.

Oh, really? she asked. You think Tonya would be into it.

I grinned at her. Have I ever given you bad advice?

Becky threw her arms around my neck, pressing her breasts into me, and kissed me hard on the mouth. My dick throbbed as my eldest daughter loved me. She felt so nice in my arms. I held her tight as our tongues danced together.

She broke the kiss. Oh, Dad, after school, I'm going to give you an amazing titty fuck and then lick all your cum off my boobs.

Deal, I said, glad to make my daughter happy.

On the way to school, I told Linda about Becky. 

Good for her, Linda said, shining with pride. She's going to have so much fun. I wish I had the courage to seduce a few of my high school teachers.

Oh, you think she's going to do that? I asked. 

Maybe use an edit today to make it easy for her, my wife suggested. See which one she's the most interested in, and tweak her.

Okay, I said, nodding my head. I can do that.

Linda beamed at me. Good. I like helping you figure out how to use your powers.

To be continued...