The following story is true... but only up to a certain point, when it delves into the realm of fantasy. I leave it up to you to decide when the truth ends and the fantasy begins. The names have been changed, in the off chance one of the people this story is based on ends up reading it.

I was either eleven or twelve when my family and I went to a birthday party at my grandma's house. All of my cousins on that side of the family are girls, and most of them are extremely attractive, Samantha included. She is around the same age as me, so we naturally always hung out during these family get-togethers. At that time she had long, blonde hair flowing down her back, usually in a ponytail, and I remember that she was wearing a white tee-shirt and shorts.

She and I had retreated to the fifth wheel that my uncle owned, somewhere that we would sometimes go just to get away from everyone else. We'd usually just talk, but that day I guess we were looking for something to eat, because we were rummaging through my uncle's cupboards.

"Haha... look at this!" Samantha said, and I brought my head around to see what she'd found. When I saw, I froze.

In her hands she held a calendar, the front of which showed a very buxom young woman clad in a bikini. I glanced away, but my eyes came back to the breasts on the calendar almost like they were magnetically attracted.

"Holy crap, these girls have big boobs." Samantha was evidently looking at the various pictures on the back of the calendar when she said this, because she then started to flip through the pages to show me. When she got to September, she snickered and pointed. "Look, you can almost see her nipples."

Indeed, the girl in question, brunette and short, had two fingers on each breast instead of a bikini top. The wink she was giving the camera made my nether parts begin to stir and I quickly put my hand down there for an adjustment. I was still a kid, of course, so I wasn't very subtle about it, and Samantha looked down at where I was touching.

Instead of responding, she continued to flip through the calendar. December contained a photo with the previous eleven girls, all topless and pressed against one another in creative ways so as to not show the most private parts of their breasts.

"Do you like big boobs? I kind of think they're pretty."

I gulped and said, "Well, yeah, I guess, but I think most of them are too big, actually."

"Have you ever seen real boobs? Like, naked?" Samantha put the calendar back where she'd found it and sat down at the little table. I joined her on the other side.

"No, not really," I lied. I'd seen then a few times when sneaking a peek online, but I wasn't about to admit that to my cousin.

"I've only seen a real... thingy... once," she confided, dropping her voice and giggling. "My dad was outside tanning and usually we can't see out there, but my mom had to come in for a minute. Cindy and me" (Cindy is her little sister, who was about 7 at this time) "saw my dad out there and Cindy was like, `Why does dad have a long butt in front?'"

She busted up laughing at this point, blushing a furious red. For some reason all of this talk of private parts was really making my penis erect, and I adjusted it again while I laughed with her.

"I've kind of always wanted to see one up close. Dad's was so far away, you know? Besides, he's old and my dad. Yucko!"

We sat in silence for a while as I finally got my penis in a position that didn't make it feel like it would explode out of my pants.

"Have you ever wanted to see a girl's boobs?" my cousin asked, and I think that's when I realized where she was trying to lead the conversation. I glanced at her chest, the two small mounds of her breasts poking out toward me, and glanced away.

"Well, I am a guy, right?" I tried to say it nonchalantly, but I think I probably failed.

She giggled and blushed again, whispering, "I'll show you my boobs if you show me your thingy."

"Really, you want to see me naked?" I asked, giggling nervously.

I felt the breath of her own laughter on my face and realized that we were leaning toward each other, speaking quietly, faces inches away.

"No, not really NAKED," she said. "I just want to see your penis!"

"Why mine?"

"Because you're here and you have one?" Samantha pretended to glance over the table into my lap. "At least, I THINK you have one."

"Oh, I do," I said, still laughing. "But do you have boobs?"

"Yep!" she said, sticking out her chest and shaking her shoulders in a shimmy.

We both started laughing loudly, jumped, and then shushed each other.

"Well?" she asked, chin shaking in nerves.

"You first."

"Okay," Samantha said without hesitation. Her hands shook as she lifted up her shirt to show what I now know was a training bra. Then, without ceremony, she used her thumbs to push up the remaining material that covered her chest, exposing her two mounds of flesh, each topped with a tiny, pale nipple.

I stared at them for what seemed like a far too short of a time before she adjusted her clothing. Her face was a deep red, and she was breathing hard. I noticed that my own skin felt hot.

"Your turn," my cousin said, jumping up. "Come on, stand up! I can't see your thing through the table, silly."

Neither of us were giggling any more.

I slowly stood, but must have hesitated a little too long, because Samantha glanced to the door of the fifth wheel and said, "Hurry, before someone comes!"

Deciding to get this over with, I quickly unbuttoned my jeans, pulled the zipper down and then yanked both my shorts and underwear down to my ankles. My penis, hard as a rock by this point, sprang up and slapped my belly, standing as if at attention.

Samantha, now white as a sheet, stared at my throbbing member for a long while, and when I started to bend down to get dressed, she stopped me.

"Wait, I want to see it really up close, okay? If you want to see my boobs like that, I'll let you. I'll even let you see my crotch, okay? Please?"

I could only nod.

She knelt in front of me and brought her face within half a foot of my penis, studying intently. It was nearly bald, of course. Her mouth was so close that I could feel her heavy breath touching my skin invitingly.

"Are those your balls? I always wondered what they looked like. They aren't really balls, are they? Kind of like a... glob."

"They... they're like balls inside of the glob," I said, my mouth dry.

"Oh. Can I, you know, feel it?"

"Sure, I guess."

Samantha reached out her right hand, obviously tentative, and poked my left testicle with her index finger. After another poke, she squeezed it between her fore finger and thumb.

"Does that--" 

The door suddenly slammed open and Samantha's older sister, Mary, barged into the place saying, "What are you guys...."

The girl's words trailed off as Samantha jumped and screamed in fright and I fell over backwards on my rump while trying to pull up my pants.

Mary was about 15 or 16 at this time and, in spite of her pudgy, slightly nerdy appearance (she wore glasses), she was one of the hottest girls I knew. Part of this was due to her bright blonde hair and long legs, but she also had huge breasts that would, later in her life, need to be surgically reduced in size. At that age, she probably had a nice D or DD cup size.

"Oh my GOD, what ARE you guys doing?" She quickly closed the door and started laughing hysterically. "Samantha, were you giving Brian a present!? It's not HIS birthday!"

"I was just looking!" Samantha screamed. Then she looked at the door and quieted her voice. "Don't you know how to knock?"

"Really, she was just looking!" I said, finally getting my pants up around my penis. "It was my fault."

"No, I WANTED to see, Brian," Samantha said.

Mary was still laughing uncontrollably, her face red, and tears ran down her face. Samantha and I looked at each other and back at her sister, both wondering if we were going to get in big trouble.

The older girl finally started to calm down a bit. "I'm sorry, that just surprised me so much. It was just kind of cute, you know? My little sister and my little cousin playing doctor! Can I see it, too?"

It took me a moment to realize what she was asking me.

"Mary! Stop being mean!" Samantha whined.

"I'm NOT being mean! I'm being serious! I've never seen a dick in real life before. Except dad's... and that's just gross. Well, I guess I've seen YOURS, Brian, now, but I want to see it again."

I just stared at her.

"Oh, come on, I won't tell. No one will know. I'll even show you my tits and pussy if you want." Her face went bright red and, if possible, she was breathing harder than Samantha had been earlier. "I bet Samantha will show you hers, too. In fact," she continued, reaching to the door and locking it, "let's just get naked. All of us. Come on! It'll be fun! No one has to know!"

Mary giggled and sat down on the floor, legs crossed. Without warning, she reached out and started tickling Samantha, who started squirming and laughing immediately.

"I KNOW you want to do this, girl," Mary said, laughing. "Come on, let's get naked!"

Out of breath, Samantha looked at me. "Want to?"

I was completely at a loss. I'd fantasized about these girls sharing my bath and bed several times and a few of my wet dreams had even cast them as the stars, but....

But nothing.

"Yeah, sure," I said, and we all started to disrobe at the same time. Since I'd already seen Samantha's breasts, I glued my eyes onto Mary's. She slipped her black shirt over her head, revealing her massive black bra and a belly that was a bit round. Within seconds, her bra was sliding down her arms and her two nipples were poking out at me. The nipples were small compared the rest of her breasts, and rather red. They looked as hard as my penis.

I glanced over at Samantha just in time to see her sliding panties down her smooth legs, revealing a perfectly bald pussy. She looked up at me and smiled as I pulled my own underwear back down, penis popping free once more. Both of our shirts, and her training bra, had already been removed a second before.

My eyes went back to Mary, who had removed her pants and was now pulling off a thong. Thin, blonde hair graced her vagina, but it had obviously been trimmed recently, more than likely so she could wear a bikini while sun bathing.

For a long while, the two girls just stared at me up and down, and I stared at them. Then, as suddenly as she had started tickling Samantha, Mary lunged forward and started to do the same thing to me. I fell over backwards, her cold hands all over me, and started to scream out laughter. I felt another two hands join, and realized that Samantha had joined in the tickle torture. Mary's breasts flopped against my chest and as she moved up I felt them slap my face. One of her hands was against my crotch and I felt it grab hold of my balls, squeezing rather gently.

"I have his balls! Hold his arms down!" Mary screamed and I felt Samantha doing just that. I made a show of protest as Mary sat on my legs, her own spread to show me her most private of areas in all glorious details.

We were all out of breath and grinning from ear to ear, Mary's hand still holding onto me. I looked from her pussy, to her boobs, to her face and then continued upward to look into Samantha's face. The younger girl's breast buds were inches away from my eyes.

I think that's when Mary lost control. She let her fingers move from my balls to my penis and started jerking it up and down. I moaned and she giggled. Looking up to Samantha again, I noticed her staring intently at what her sister was doing, again white as a ghost. Something wet touched my penis and I looked back down at Mary, who was now putting her mouth around my member. I moaned again.

After only a couple of seconds of giving me my first blow job, Mary pulled away and started rubbing her body against mine. She put my penis between her breasts and rubbed up and down over and over again for about a minute straight.

"Suck my boobs," she ordered, sitting up. "Please, both of you. You know what I like, Samantha. Sorry, I want to have more fun, but I just CAN'T hold this. I'm SO horny right now."

Samantha immediately lunged over me to her sister (it gave me an amazing view of her vagina for a split second) and started sucking on the girl's left breast. Mary was crouching now, her left hand behind her, steadying her, and her right hand rubbing vigorously at her pussy. It took me only seconds to join Samantha, sucking, wildly and unskilled, at Mary's right nipple. It really WAS hard, almost like a peach pit. The breast gave under my face, firm but soft.

Moaning emanated from both girls, and when I broke away for air I noticed that Samantha was also rubbing herself. I reached down and started jacking off while I continued to suck my older cousin's nipple.

Mary's moaning turned into gasps and she started to spasm. She fell down on her butt only a moment later, her nipples popping out of mine and Samantha's mouths. Samantha glanced over at me, still rubbing her bald pussy.

"Please?" was the only thing she said, and I knew what she meant. Lunging forward, I took her tiny left tit into my mouth and sucked.

It was a different experience from suckling her sister, almost more intimate. First, I could breathe. Second, I could feel and hear her heart fluttering. The nipple was softer, and, overall, it simply tasted better. Mary's had tasted kind of like salt, but Samantha was almost sweet. I explored the stiff nipple with my tongue, making Samantha let out a high-pitched groan.

I continued stroking my penis.

A couple of minutes later, Samantha started to shudder and she fell backwards, similar to what her sister had done. But Samantha wasn't done. Her eyes were glued on my hand pumping my penis, her hand continuing to rub a now very wet pussy, her mouth open in a silent "O" of astonishment. I think she'd stopped breathing.

Samantha's shudders continued and grew more intense. Finally, she stopped moving her hand, simply pushing her hand against her vagina and pressing her legs together. Her whole body tensed and her eyes fluttered. This seemed to go on for a long time, and I started worrying that maybe there was something wrong.

Still my hand pumped.

Finally, Samantha gasped and fell on her back, arms out to her sides, chest heaving, legs slightly spread to show her glistening pussy. It was an amazing sight.

After a while, she said, "Holy crap, that was awesome! I've never actually gone all the way before! Mary always just goes away after Cindy and me help her."

Glancing around, I realized that there was no sign of Mary. Both she and her clothes were gone.

I was still jerking off frantically, wondering what had just happened.

Samantha's breathing eventually slowed, and she looked over at me. I now sat cross-legged facing her. My cousin flipped around so her head was near me, rolled over onto her belly and put her legs up into the air, swinging them, the muscles of her butt alternating deliriously. I moaned.

She giggled.

"Here," Samantha said, sitting up and crossing her legs. "Let me. It's not fair that you don't have boobs to suck on!"

She took my penis in her hands and, while she had no skill in masturbating a man--or should I say boy?--whatsoever, her touch was enough to send electric shocks up and down my body. I scooted forward so that our knees touched and she looked up at me, smiling for a moment before looking back down at her task.

I started to black out a bit, so I leaned forward, pressing my forehead against her hair. My hands reached forward of their own volition and grabbed my cousin's thighs. It must have tickled her, because she gasped and jerked, but she didn't move away. I pulled my head back for just a moment and caught an amazing view of her pussy.

That set me over the edge.

 We both gasped as my virgin cum flew out of my penis all over her chest. This time she did jerk back, a look of slight disgust on her face. Another wave of cum came out of me, this one splattering on her left, inner thigh. The third spurt went right bellow her belly button and started to dribble down toward her pussy.

"Sorry," was the first thing I could say.

She jumped up, her hands to either side. "It's okay, it's okay. I just didn't know that would happen. Guess I should have, right?" Samantha giggled again.

Legs shaking, I stood.

"Thanks," Samantha said, looking from my softening, and rather sore, penis to my face.

"No, thank you," I said, and I meant it.

My cousin stepped toward me and, hesitating, hugged me, pressing her cum splattered body against my sweaty one. I felt her pelvis against mine. She then brushed her lips against mine in a kiss that was far more shy than had been her hands on my penis. It crossed my mind how weird it was that I'd had my first blow job and my first hand job before my first kiss.

We dressed in near silence, and splashed some water on our clothes to make the cum on our bodies blend in, although thinking back, that probably didn't work. Mary had left the door unlocked. Samantha and I didn't say a word to each other for the rest of the party. Mary only looked at me once, then looked away.

When Samantha and I hugged goodbye, I felt a slight pinch on my butt and she whispered, "next time go inside of me, okay?"

I nodded.
