Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Doppelganger
Part: Chapter 3 of 31
Summary: Justin was born with a little extra - a set of
         female sex organs - but that was just the
         beginning.
Keywords: mf, 1st, inc, voy, rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2005

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

*********************************************************
*   This story considers two unusual youngsters with    *
*     the usual teenage interest in matters sexual.     *
*                                                       *
*     As their relationship slowly unfolds, so does     *
*     the erotic side of the story - hopefully more     *
*      enjoyably than a simple "wham bam" would be.     *
*********************************************************

Comments appreciated :
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

INTRODUCTION

Justin Rogers was born not quite 16 years ago with 
something special - a complete functional set of female 
sex organs.  Just recently he had found they don't really 
belong to him but to his twin sister Tina who spent much 
of her early life sharing his body.

From time to time she was able to visit as a distinct 
person but some survival instinct made her merge with him 
again before she was discovered.

Now they have met properly and, sharing memories and 
experiences whenever they are merged (or "together" as 
opposed to being "with each other" as separate people), 
they have a similar outlook to many matters including 
their sexual awakening.

*********************************************************

MONDAY WEEK 2
=============

"Justin!  Are you up?  It's almost eight.  Everyone slept 
in."

Justin felt the sudden dislocation, his bed was empty and 
his body seemed fuller.  Of course, he had drunk as two 
but now had a single bladder.

"Yes Mum.  Coming."

And then more quietly knowing SHE would still hear, "Good 
morning Tina.  I love you."  He hoped no-one caught him 
talking to himself.

There was no answer.

He noted the time and calculated what time it would be if 
Tina could match her last interval; he would be in class.  
He sincerely hoped she would check first.  He would HAVE 
to make sure he had another set of clothes handy at all 
times.

As he dressed he thought back to their wonderful night 
together.  The feel of Tina resting against him in the 
bath, the taste of her pussy, the feel of his finger 
against his clit then later inside him, and the awful 
taste as his prick spewed forth its seed into his mouth.

"Wait a minute - these aren't MY memories."

Something had changed.  Tina could remember all of his 
experiences but he had never recalled any of hers.  It 
certainly didn't hurt as far as he could tell and he 
could now see how some of his actions WERE far nicer than 
others.  He could also see why girls weren't always too 
thrilled with giving blowjobs, though it wasn't a topic 
any of them had raised near him - the schoolyard gossip 
had provided him with his only prior information, 
reliable or not.

There was little time for further reminiscences and he 
hurried through breakfast so his father could drop him 
off on the way to work.  He did wish his father wouldn't 
keep glancing over at him though.

-----

Was his fly down?  Did he have something in his hair?  A 
sign on his back?  Anything to account for the interest 
he was getting?

No-one said anything except an occasional "Hello".  He 
felt his hair and, more circumspectly in a casual sweep 
as though brushing crumbs away, his chest in case Tina 
had left more than her memories behind.  No, he 
thankfully still had a masculine chest.

So what was it?

He rounded the corner of the corridor that took him to 
his first class and found someone who would be willing to 
tell him - the three friends they had avoided after the 
movies.

"Okay what gives?  I'm Public Enemy Number One or 
something?"

Jake, tall and stick-like, spoke first.

"I think it's that for some of them and envy for the 
others - sort of Public Hero Number One you might say - 
balances out as you're still the zero you were yesterday.

"Thanks, but why?"

"Come on, you can't deny it.  We saw you with her.  Who 
is she anyway?"

"Justin ignored the last remark.  "Deny what?"

There was a sigh of exasperation.  Considering the source 
of the story, and they had heard it first hand not 
through a series of revisionists, the three boys had no 
doubt their friend was guilty as charged; it was just 
something they would never, ever, have put money on 
though.

"Apparently ...", Rick started and his voice said "Deny 
it if you will!"

"Apparently you were seen getting a blowjob on State 
Street yesterday.  By two reliable witnesses."

Justin nodded and named Tyler and Kate.  The other boys 
nodded in turn - this looked like confirmation to them.

"Yep.  Two reliable witnesses who saw one thing and 
thought another - Talk about dirty minds!"

"Sure, sure; but who was she?"  Baz tried to get an 
answer to the earlier question.

"Just a cousin from out of town."

"I though you only had male cousins."

"The only ones around my age that I'd met were male.  She 
has only started coming here recently."

"So why did they think she was giving you a blow job?  
They say you had your trousers down right there on the 
sidewalk."

"It's rather embarrassing", he temporised.  "We had 
spotted a little lizard, a gecko, and had managed to 
catch it.  I'd given it to Tina, my cousin, and it ran 
out of her hand and dropped to the ground.  I was still 
kneeling there and it ran up my trouser leg.  I had to 
drop my trousers in public and she was getting it out of 
the pants leg."

"There's only one thing that sounds more implausible than 
that and it's that you got a blow job!"  They all laughed 
and Justin, relieved, joined in.

"So how do you explain the other story you were kissing 
and hugging a girl, presumably the same one?"

"Lauren, Simone and Fran?"  Justin named the new 
witnesses.

"Yes."

"They came by just after Tyler and Kate.  Tina was 
laughing, first at the lizard and then because I'd been 
spotted with my pants down.  Anyway she was laughing so 
hard she was leaning against me so I held her.  Then she 
said I was the funniest relative she had and she kissed 
me.  Tha... Tha... That's all folks!"

They could also see a cousin kissing him in such 
circumstances though each reflected silently that none of 
their own cousins were such that THEY would admit to 
kissing any of them.

Disappointed the stories weren't true, they headed off to 
class with Justin where they found themselves facing a 
pop quiz on the material they were supposed to have 
covered for homework.

Justin realised that, with his visitor present, he hadn't 
had time to read the chapter concerned.  But then he 
remembered the taste of his cum and thought "Or have I 
somehow?"

As he looked at the questions the answers became obvious; 
not easy, he still had to review the material, but at 
least the situation wasn't hopeless.

They changed classes and Justin was now able to confront 
his accusers briefly.  The humour of the situation helped 
convince some of the listeners who, like his friends, 
wavered between not wanting to believe Justin could get 
there first and wanting to because it implied hope for 
all of them in the near future.

Most knew that they would confess if accused just for the 
status Justin had quickly attained and was likely to lose 
just as quickly.

Justin realised it was well after the time he could 
expect Tina's return and wondered if she was having 
difficulties or had considered school too much of a risk.  
Regardless he continued to keep his bag handy.  When one 
teacher queried it as he went into class he quietly 
mentioned an upset stomach that may require his urgent 
departure and a change of clothes.

He thought he had handled the embarrassment of his 
"disclosure" with some skill, though he was told he 
should have stayed home if he was that sick.

"I think I'm over it - I just wanted to be sure."

At the mid-morning break he went to the toilet and was 
just washing his hands when he felt two arms surround 
him.

"Hey!", he urgently whispered as he felt her bare breasts 
push into his back.  He looked into the mirror and saw 
Tina's smile.

She had noticed what he had only seen.  With the 
departure of another student as Justin had been closing 
his zipper the room was unoccupied by anyone else.

"I just wanted to say hello and to thank you for last 
night, though you know that.  It's fantastic!  We can do 
our homework in half the time now you can remember my 
experiences - that gives us more time for learning other 
things."  Her arms squeezed tighter.

Justin turned inside the circle she made and wondered 
whether she should be getting dressed.  He gave her a 
kiss and indicated the bag at his feet.

"I don't want to stay long.  I could have been with you 
when you first explained about the lizard.  That might 
have ruined your story a little.  I want to keep trying 
so you might see me at lunch time - find somewhere safe."

Justin's arms were suddenly empty even as the pressure of 
her lips on his was still registering in his brain.  He 
didn't know if he wanted her to stop doing that or not.

"Just don't forget YOU might not have been the person 
standing naked in the boys' toilet", he scolded weakly.

He endured the next lesson with impatience and then 
joined his friends briefly for lunch.  He begged off 
going out onto the oval for their usual lunchtime sport.  
"I've got to check some things in the Library."

He needed time to be alone.  The toilets weren't a good 
choice - even if Tina was assumed to be a boy it would be 
hard to explain what two of them were doing in a cubicle 
together.  THAT rumour would be a lot harder to counter 
than the blowjob story.

He could duck into a classroom but he wasn't supposed to 
be there during breaks - and once again being found naked 
could be hard to explain.  It was alright for Tina, she 
could at least disappear.

He decided on one of the private study rooms in the 
library.  The doors couldn't be locked and they had 
windows through which the librarian could check for 
unruly behaviour but if he was in there alone and he was 
apparently, or even actually, working there would be no 
reason for him to be disturbed.  If Tina did arrive she 
should be able to dress out of anyone's view.

He had barely settled with his books when she popped in 
beside him.  "Here", he said passing over the bag of 
clothes.

"Not yet."  She gave him a kiss and disappeared again.

One of the librarians had noticed a flash of bare flesh 
through the window and moved for a clearer view.  When 
she couldn't see anything further she opened the door, 
"Everything alright in here?"

"Yes" answered Justin politely before returning to the 
text book.

Dismissing her impressions as an aberration of her sight 
she apologised for disturbing him and returned to her 
desk.

Justin had only read through a couple of pages before 
Tina reappeared and this time she did quickly clothe 
herself.

"Fantastic.  You've got it down to four minutes."

"I think I can do better but I don't know if I will ever 
be able to merge and then pop straight out again."

She settled at the desk and began to make notes from 
another text.  "I'll have to double up on pens and 
notebooks."

"I could go and buy them while you're in class", offered 
Tina.  "it's a pity your money doesn't double as well."

He tore a couple of pages out of the notebook.  "That's 
all I need for now and I've got another pen.  Do you want 
to go out shopping?"

"I'd like to get something more feminine to wear but I 
think you should come with me.  If I work on our homework 
while you're in class we should have time after school."

They both knew Justin's bank account held sufficient to 
get a couple of outfits without damaging the balance too 
much.

"So long as you don't get bored."

"If I do I'll leave our notes somewhere safe and join 
you."

"If you do you'll leave your clothes lying on the floor."

"I didn't think of that.  Maybe I should put all your 
things in your locker and then join you.  Do you think I 
would be noticed in the corridor?"  Justin matched her 
grin.

"Let's concentrate on this work for now."

With an occasional admiring glance at each other that 
would have had a psychiatrist raving about narcissistic 
tendencies they got on with their work.

-----

During the last lesson of the day a message was delivered 
to the teacher and as he dismissed them he called Justin 
over to his desk.

"The message was from your Doctor.  She asks if you would 
call in sometime after school.  I hope it's not serious."

"No sir.  Thank you."

Justin went out into the yard and paused to let the other 
students drift away.  He knew where he would go if he 
wanted a discrete meeting and figured Tina would go to 
the same spot.  Within a couple of minutes he was proven 
right.

Since they both realised that they could be observed 
neither greeted the other with a hug or a kiss and they 
walked off without contact; it was consistent with a 
typical schoolyard romance between teens conscious of 
peer standards.

Tina handed over her notes and Justin put them away in 
his backpack.  "You should only have to type them up if I 
don't get a chance later."

"Thanks.  I hope I can read your handwriting."

"You should be able to - it's every bit as bad as yours.  
I think you'll find it identical in fact."

It seemed strange to share out the work but, if he now 
accumulated her experiences as she did his, it wasn't 
really cheating; and what wasn't strange about their 
relationship anyway?

They headed to the Mall hoping to get their shopping done 
as discretely as possible.  Tina had had to nod to a few 
students as they headed off but fortunately they had been 
in as much hurry as she had been able to convincingly 
suggest was her situation too, and that had sufficed.

From the decreased attention either drew it appeared 
Justin's notoriety was not even a one day wonder.

Timing their visit to the shopping mall required a 
balancing of options.  One smaller group tended to go 
there straight from school and hang out until they could 
get home just before their parents; another, usually 
living closer with a resident parent, dropped off their 
school things and then headed out for a while with 
parental approval.

The latter group tended to remain longer.  It would be 
touch and go which of Justin's acquaintances would be 
around to run into.

Justin hit the money machines for four hundred.  He had 
no expectation of needing that much but it wouldn't hurt 
to have extra on hand just in case they needed a cab or 
something for an emergency.

He also had no experience of the cost of female clothing.

"What first?"  Waiting while his mother tried on a dress 
or shoes didn't count as "shopping with a girl"; that had 
tended to be a boredom shared with his father.  It was no 
better for Tina.

"We either need to look more alike or substantially 
different, or even better - both.  I think I would be 
better off with a shorter haircut like yours and then a 
wig; long and a different colour to change my appearance 
quickly."

"Sound good."  He began to head towards a hairdresser but 
Tina drew him away.  "I think a barber would be better 
while I'm in these clothes.  If he thinks I'm your 
brother he won't quibble about a similar cut but a 
hairdresser might fuss over why your sister wants to look 
more like you."

"Lead on, oh wise one."  Justin grinned at her impeccable 
logic.

The haircut was not only quick, it was cheap and Tina 
convinced Justin he should have his cut first so people 
would notice that first and possibly miss a couple of 
other differences subtly filling her sweater.

With cooler necks and ears they headed out for stage two 
in Tina's make over.  "I can't very well buy a dress if I 
don't have the underwear to go with it, so a lingerie 
shop next I think."

Justin wasn't quite sure whether he should head off 
elsewhere for a while but Tina needed feedback on their 
first foray through the doors of what had until then only 
featured in a boy's fantasies.

Tina led him towards the knickers first but the sizes 
didn't match Justin's underwear.  She looked a little 
lost.

"Can I help you boys?"  The assistant had come upon them 
without their knowledge.

"Yes", said Tina, "but I'm not a boy."

"Oh!"  The assistant looked back and forth but couldn't 
see any real difference.  Either teenager could be a 
delicate featured male or a not unattractive female; 
neither were dressed in a manner to suggest femininity.

"I'm sorry.  What do you need?"

"I wanted some knickers but I'm not familiar with the 
sizes.  I normally wear 80 cm boxers."

"Okay, you should find any with this green tag will fit 
you."

"Thank you.  I'll look through them.  I also need a bra." 

"Any particular style?"

"I don't know.  I've never worn one."

The assistant thought she had heard it all and double 
checked Tina's chest in case it was a boy trying to play 
some sort of practical joke.  It didn't look like socks 
stuffed in there so she wondered instead, "Where has she 
come from?"

It showed on her face.

"We've been living out in the country and Dad didn't like 
coming into town much.  He's gone now and we're living 
with our uncle."  Tina was proud of Justin's ability to 
craft a story so quickly, one she hoped would be 
convincing.

"Alright.  Well if you would like to step into the change 
room and remove your top I'll just check your size."  She 
turned to Justin, "And if you would like to wait here 
we'll just be a minute."

She had heard of Mountain Men holed up in virtual 
fortresses and supposed the teenagers' story was 
something similar.  She pitied them if that was the case 
while wondering how much she could convince a naive girl 
to purchase.

It turned out Tina WAS naive in some respects and worldly 
wise in others.  She was willing to be coaxed into buying 
a teddy and a light dressing gown as well as the more 
practical bra and panties but consulted with Justin on 
style and colour (a bit of a waste of time since his 
tastes coincided with hers and he certainly had no more 
experience then her).  She was also concerned about 
price.

She doubted she really needed a spare bra at this stage 
though Justin suggested it would be easier than buying 
another later.  Neither knew how quickly she would 
outgrow it - something else to ask Dr Sue they supposed - 
and decided to stick to one.

She did need several pairs of knickers though, especially 
if she was going to be around more often, and they 
delighted in choosing a range of sexy styles rather than 
some more practical brands.

Tina swapped her underwear and donned her new push-up bra 
which gave her a figure even the sweater could no longer 
disguise.

They thanked the lady for her help and left the store as 
the sales assistant was gleefully considering the extras 
she had managed to sell.

"Now I have a figure I think I need some clothes to show 
it off."

They had been fortunate so far in avoiding anyone they 
knew and hurried into the teen fashion section of a 
department store.  This was likely to be safer, and not 
inconsequentially cheaper, than the trendier boutiques 
elsewhere in the mall.

Tina and Justin worked their way through the racks of 
clothes, occasionally selecting an outfit that looked 
reasonable.  They ended up with half a dozen and Tina had 
to leave some at the Change Room counter as she tried on 
the others.

Justin waited outside and looked on from the entrance as 
she paraded each one in turn.

There was a nice top with denim jacket and skirt, a 
longer skirt with a white polo-necked top with long 
sleeves, a halter neck top that left her midriff bare 
that could be combined with jeans or either skirt, and a 
fancier party dress which displayed her new cleavage to 
advantage.

She swapped over the outfits and returned to try on the 
remainder.

So far the outfits had zips and a single button but now 
she had a light blouse which buttoned up the front.  It 
was light enough to see her bra through the fabric and 
she decided to give Justin a thrill.  Getting her bra off 
required some effort with the unfamiliar clasp and then, 
when she donned the blouse, she encountered another 
unexpected problem.

Her fingers were "programmed" to do buttons up 
differently.  Tina had only experienced Justin doing up 
buttons on HIS shirts and HERS were on the other side.  
It took longer than she had expected but she finally 
managed and tucked the blouse into the waistband of the 
skirt she had kept on.

Justin did a double take and then quickly looked around.  
Tina's darker nipples could be clearly seen, as could the 
slight round curves of her now identified 34A breasts.  
He made a circle of thumb and finger to show she looked 
A-OK and then waved her back.  The final outfit was a 
bikini and that too got his seal of approval.

Tina went back to change into Justin's clothes again; she 
couldn't very well wear the new ones until she had paid 
for them.  Justin knew she would be a few minutes and 
drifted over to the CD and DVD displays to browse while 
he waited.  He had only just stepped away from the 
entrance when Katie and Tyler walked in together to try 
on their own selection of outfits.

Tina finished dressing and pulled back the curtain of her 
cubical only to hear a little squeal of delight from one 
of the other cubicles.  The curtains didn't fit very well 
and she could see the reflection of two semi-naked girls 
in the mirror.

"I know those two", she thought.  "Well, well!  Who would 
have guessed."

"Excuse me.  Can you help me please?"  She pulled back 
the curtain and looked at Tyler's breast in Katie's 
mouth.  "Oh sorry!"  She stayed staring as both girls 
turned first to look in puzzled shock and then in 
positive horror.

"Justin?"  Both girls asked the same question but Tyler's 
could at least be understood - she wasn't talking with 
her mouth full.

Tina just smiled and pulled the curtain closed then took 
her clothes with her to find Justin.

"Let's go."  Her story could keep, possibly she would let 
him find out when they were together again as a surprise.

Justin's money diminished rapidly though he was happy 
with the results.  Tina told him about the trouble with 
the buttons and took the bag with the denim skirt and 
jacket to get changed; she decided the normal top would 
be better than the see-through one for now.

"Don't head into the Men's Room by mistake", warned 
Justin as he found a seat to wait for her.

She had only been gone for a minute when Katie and Tyler 
sat down on either side.

"It won't do you any good to say anything you know", said 
Katie.

"Yeah, people will just think it's a payback for our 
story about seeing you with your pants down", added 
Tyler.

"What ARE you on about?"

"What you saw was nothing so you may as well keep quiet."

"And what the fuck were you doing in there anyway?"

"Right!"

"I'm sorry.  I don't understand.  Yesterday morning was 
just a misunderstanding that seems to have blown over.  
What *IS* your problem?"

"Our problem, as you put it, is that we don't need any 
stories being spread about us."

"What sort of stories?"

"You know very well.  Just because you saw us ... well 
... doesn't mean we're ... well ..."

"This isn't going anywhere fast", thought Justin.  
"Sorry.  Lost again.  Can we start from the beginning?"

"Okay wise guy.  When you were skulking around the 
ladies' change rooms you decided to perve on us and 
opened our curtain.  Now anything you say you will be 
your word against ours but we all know mud can stick.  We 
won't say anything about you being there and you keep 
quiet about us - deal?"

"As far as I'm concerned my lips are sealed."  Justin 
would just have to ask Tina what it was all about.  He 
certainly wasn't making any promises about HER lips.

"See they are!"  The girls left just before an attractive 
female version of Justin came up to him.

"You look gorgeous."  It was true, well almost true.  He 
was biased but the words did raise Tina's spirits.  "Wig 
time.  Blonde, brunette or redhead?"

"Let's see what they have got first."

"You know, I had a couple of strange visitors while I was 
gone."

"Not Katie and Tyler?"

"It's surprising that you should suggest them.  Want to 
tell me what I'm supposed to have seen?"

"Later.  You'll enjoy it.  I know I did."

Tina suddenly realised it was true.  She must have been 
subtly influenced by Justin over the years, not 
completely by any means since she also found his male 
body fascinating, but the sight of those luscious young 
tits had her own mouth watering.  It was certainly 
something for them to discuss further.

The first hairdresser didn't have anything they found 
irresistible although there were some that would do if 
they didn't find anything better.  They were getting some 
strange looks - people weren't used to seeing what were 
essentially his and hers bookends - and it amused them as 
they walked through the mall.

At the next hairdresser there was a much wider range; 
better quality and better prices - for the hairdresser.  
Still it was better to spend the extra money and have 
something convincing.
 
The pair's mutual hair colour was a mid-brown with some 
copper highlights, especially by the end of summer when 
it had been bleached by a few months of sun.  They 
concurred that the black was better than the blonde which 
would stand out a bit too much, as would the auburn wig 
that also made Tina look stunning.

Tina had entered the shopping centre with short brown 
hair and left around an hour later with black tresses 
that had been plaited neatly to hang each side of her 
face.

Now they were more distant relatives to anyone who 
approached; an obvious resemblance but nothing else.

Two further brief stops at the makeup counter added a 
discrete blush to her cheeks and gloss to her lips that 
aided her camouflage and finally a couple of pairs of 
shoes to match the outfits; Justin's spare sneakers did 
tend to spoil the effect.

They had entered with an almost empty backpack, now it 
contained Justin's spare clothes and the dummy head for 
storing the wig while they had another five shopping bags 
between them.

It was easier to make the slight diversion home to drop 
off the bags rather than to carry them to the Doctor's 
Surgery.  Getting past their mother was only a minor 
problem.

Justin manoeuvred her away from his room, explaining why 
he had felt it necessary to have his hair cut while Tina 
slipped her purchases into his wardrobe and then ducked 
into the kitchen for a quick drink.

"No Mum, I didn't hear anything.  Why?"

Tina escaped out the back door leaving a wet glass on the 
sink.  Justin's warning had given her enough time to 
avoid a confrontation they weren't yet ready for.  She 
resisted the temptation to turn up at the front door in 
her new persona and ask if "Justin can come out to play".

---

It was a different pair who now sat in the waiting room 
and the receptionist humorously wondered whether the boy 
was procuring young girls for some weird experiment.  She 
laughed to herself at her image of Dr Sue Bryant as some 
sort of Dr Frankenstein.  Now Frankenfurter she could 
understand.

They went in together and once again the receptionist had 
been told to ignore the account.  "We'll go broke if she 
keeps this up."

"Good afternoon.  Thank you for coming; I was half afraid 
I had dreamed it all.  You certainly look different Tina; 
very nice."

"Thank you.  Out first shopping expedition for girl 
things was quite an experience." 

"I can imagine.  You two gave me a lot to think about 
since Saturday.  I hope you had a better weekend than me 
since I got very little sleep."

"Things have worked out well so far", said Justin.

"I have more control now over when I can arrive and 
haven't had to leave in a lot of circumstances that would 
have caused me stress before."

"Perhaps you can tell me a bit about what it feels like 
for you both and how you control your comings and goings 
so I can try to get a better picture of your quite 
remarkable abilities."

The pair looked cheekily at each other.  They didn't 
think the Doctor wanted to know about the comings they 
were both thinking of and they behaved themselves as they 
seriously described their situation and answered her 
questions for over an hour.

Then it was their turns.

"I have a problem that you might be able to help me with.  
When I'm asleep I have been having some strange dreams 
and they make me come."

Dr Sue looked surprised.  Wet dreams were nothing special 
though she had never had a patient who was so willing to 
admit they had occurred and never one who would consider 
mentioning the topic if his mother was present, let alone 
a teenage girl.

Tina saw the glance in her direction.  "You must remember 
I've shared the experiences.  I remember the dreams and 
the feelings we had." 

It was something else to jot down on the special note pad 
that avoided all names.  Instead she used the standard 
symbols for male, female and hermaphrodite and had shown 
it to them both so they could be confident their 
identities were not disclosed, at least there.

Justin continued.  "Sometimes Tina appears just as it 
happens or she might be sleeping next to me or I could be 
alone.  I'm worried that the sperm could get into my or 
her vagina and we could get pregnant.  Is that possible?"

"Some animals or plants that have male or female parts 
can't self-fertilise but I really don't know.  We would 
have to do some tests trying to fuse sperm and egg in the 
lab but even that might not be conclusive.  And it may 
only apply when you are sharing the one body - your 
bodies might behave differently when Tina has emerged.  I 
think you should assume you are just as fertile as any 
other teenagers."

"Is there anything we can do to keep safe?"

"I could put Tina on the pill but I don't know how that 
would affect you Justin.  Plus if you are merging and 
emerging it may upset the dosage required - you could be 
inadequately covered.  Let's see then.  From what you say 
anything she wears is left behind but things she has 
eaten or drunk are passed to you.  Have there been any 
situations where Tina has had something in her vagina, a 
tampon perhaps, or food in her mouth when she has 
disappeared?"

They thought for a second then shook their heads.  "We 
can try though."

"What can we use?"

"Oh I wasn't planning an experiment right now."

"It shouldn't take long.  Are you game Justin?"

"Sure."

Sue thought and decided some teething gel should be the 
easiest.

She squeezed a good size glob onto Tina's tongue and 
apologised at the girl's reaction to the taste.  "Sorry.  
Try not to swallow."

Sue had barely finished speaking when the girl 
disappeared.  As her clothes fell to the chair she turned 
to Justin who was busy pulling his own face.  He extended 
his tongue to display the gel.

Sue passed him a tissue to wipe it off before it numbed 
it too much.  She noticed at the same time that his 
cheeks now bore the signs of Tina's makeup.

The physical implications of what she had seen were 
incredible.  This was essentially the transfer of matter 
from one spot to another.  Her emotions warred between 
wanting to protect her young friend, well friends, and 
wishing the phenomenon could be investigated properly.

Justin simply wondered what would happen if he was 
getting a blowjob from her at the time.

"Can you hear Tina?"

"No.  But I can remember what mischief she got up to 
earlier."  The images of Tyler and Katie in the change 
room brought an uncomfortable stiffness in his groin.

"How long before Tina can re-join us?" 

"It could be any time."

"And she is aware of our conversation?"

"Yes but not like she was eavesdropping.  *WE* are 
listening together, as one.  She is able to feel her way 
out of our body but, although I have her memory of her 
remembering it, I don't have first-hand experience of 
what she does."

"Well if you are aware Tina, please don't come back until 
we have set up another little test.  Justin, can you 
please put some of this gel inside your vagina.  It's 
just a harmless lubricant but it should serve as a safe 
test."

Justin squeezed the applicator directly into the entrance 
and felt the cool gel ooze up inside him.  He put the 
tube down and was bending to pull up his pants when Tina 
popped into existence behind him.

Sue watched her reach between her legs to reveal a clear 
smear on her fingers.

"I could have been back sooner but you told me to wait."  
Her turn around time was now in the order of a minute or 
two.

Sue passed her a tissue as well and she cleaned herself 
up.  "You had to use so much?" she berated her other 
half.

"Sorry."

Sue looked back and forth between the clothed boy and the 
still naked girl.  "You realise you've shared your make 
up?"

Justin and Tina looked at each other and Tina suddenly 
grinned.  "It suits you."

Justin took another tissue and wiped his cheeks and 
mouth.  "If I'm going to wear Tina's lipstick I can think 
of a much nicer way of transferring it from her lips to 
mine."  He couldn't say that in front of the doctor!

He worried that this could be a problem if Tina had to 
disappear when in playing a fully feminine role; not that 
he didn't find her feminine when she was in his shorts 
and sweater.  Should he add wet wipes to his back pack?  
It was getting fuller by the minute.

"What I am going to suggest is a diaphragm.  If you were 
sexually active I would recommend a spermicidal cream as 
well but that should be adequate for casual protection.  
If Tina comes and goes you should be safe enough and you 
only need to use it when you go to bed or when you think 
there might be some risk of semen being present."

She didn't really want to talk about him masturbating or 
even just creaming his jeans, a common problem for easily 
stimulated lads, but couldn't see any way of avoiding it 
under the current unusual circumstances.

"Tina would you mind lying down on the examination table 
and I'll work out what size diaphragm you need."

As she did Sue also addressed Justin.  "I am going to 
assume that you currently masturbate.  I'm sorry if this 
conversation causes any embarrassment but it IS a normal 
part of life and there are some consequences."  She went 
on to talk about passing semen from fingers or underwear 
to his vagina.  It wasn't the sort of conversation one 
had with a patient while another patient was present but 
she realised that these two would share both the 
discussion and the pelvic examination when they next 
merged anyway.

"You shouldn't let masturbation rule your life but you 
may find it useful in lessening the incidence of your 
nocturnal emissions - don't go overboard though."

She got a diaphragm from her store room and showed Tina 
how to fit it and to see if it was seated correctly.  A 
reasonably effective contraceptive when used correctly, 
it unfortunately required more forethought than a simply 
donned condom.  For Justin condoms wouldn't help.  He 
couldn't wake up in the middle of a wet dream to put one 
on could he.

"What cream were you talking about before?"

Sue hesitated.  The couple before her weren't supposed to 
be sexually active at their age and they hadn't suggested 
that they were.  Tina hadn't really had time to find a 
boyfriend - and the complications that might cause for 
Justin when it finally did happen were something for her 
to talk through with them at a later stage.  How would he 
treat memories of kissing, petting or more with another 
boy?  Tina might also have problems with Justin's 
eventual contact with a girlfriend.

Sue didn't think about mutual masturbation or worse - her 
own social conditioning didn't allow her to consider 
incest in other than a seriously disturbed relationship, 
which certainly wasn't the case here regardless of how 
unusual it was.

It wouldn't hurt for Tina to have the cream - better to 
have too much protection than not enough - and she 
wouldn't be the first young girl to need contraceptive 
assistance before legally being entitled to use the 
information.  Sue much preferred that option to providing 
antenatal or postnatal assistance.

"Take this sample.  If you need more you can get it from 
any pharmacist though some might refuse due to your age."

She wrote out an address and gave it to Tina who was 
getting dressed again.

"Try this one, she's understanding of teenagers' problems 
though your situation might stress her out if she knew."

They all agreed that they had covered enough to give them 
all something to think about and decided to schedule 
regular meetings for a while.  Justin and Tina thanked 
Sue and both gave her a hug before leaving through the 
empty waiting room.

On the way home Tina paid Justin out, "So you liked 
looking at Tyler and Katie then?  Had a little tightness 
in the crotch area?"

Justin could give as good as he got though.  "Got a 
little wet yourself, didn't you?"

"Touche."

"They made a nice pair though."  Justin didn't have to 
reassure Tina. If she knew that the image had stimulated 
him she also knew that his thoughts had quickly turned 
back to her.  They both had viewed the other girls with 
interest but were still primarily involved with each 
other and weren't threatened by the interest either took 
in other people - there could be no betrayal when every 
inclination would be shared.

"Tyler's or Katie's?" Tina joked.

Justin ignored her.  "It certainly was an eye opener.  I 
bet they nearly pissed themselves when you opened the 
curtain.  Especially when they thought it was me."

"I wonder how far they are willing to go to keep their 
secret?"

"Blackmail?  You're wicked."

"You should know."  Tina put her arm around him as they 
walked.  They strolled discussing their time with the 
doctor.  She had opened their eyes to a number of matters 
and they would have some experiments of their own to 
conduct - some of which they couldn't see Dr Sue 
approving.

Rather than taking Tina's clothes past his mother it was 
easier for Justin to run interference again as his father 
wasn't home yet.

He joined Tina in his room and got a belated kiss.  With 
diaphragm and cream they could, if they wished, take 
their education even further.

Tina's clothes were tidily hung inside his wardrobe or 
under them in his drawers.  The wig was a bigger problem; 
they hadn't considered the head-sized stand.  Shoes were 
simply slipped out of the way under the bed but it had to 
be hidden in a box in the bottom of the wardrobe, the 
former contents left loose for now.

Tina helped with the remainder of their homework until it 
was time to eat.  She was going to disappear during a 
kiss again since it was easier for Justin to eat for both 
of them but Justin asked her to strip down to her 
underwear first.

"You just want me to put my clothes away so you don't 
have to", she teased.

"If that was all I'd ask you to strip everything off.  
You look gorgeous naked but I just want to see you decked 
out in your new purchases.  I didn't get a chance 
earlier; that saleswoman was a real spoilsport."  He had 
also avoided staring at his sister in front of the 
doctor.

Tina hung her outfit up with the others and did a little 
pirouette in push-up bra and lacy knickers that curved up 
to thin straps at the sides of her hips.  Justin was 
amazed at the difference a few scraps of material made.  
And if Tina looked this good with almost a crew-cut how 
would she look with the wig on as well?

"I won't tell you how you look.  You'll find out in a 
second anyway.  See you later love.  He leaned forward to 
kiss her and caught the bra before it hit the floor.

-----

Since he ate for both of them it wasn't unreasonable that 
he bathed for both as well.

Anticipating further pleasures he hurried through, to be 
unnecessarily assisted drying himself when all he really 
had were the little pockets of dampness either side of 
his balls.

"Well there was no point me having to get dry too was 
there?"

"I would have towelled you dry."

"If I'd had you rubbing me down I would have been wetter 
at the end than when you'd started.  Anyway I need to see 
how to fit the diaphragm."

Justin had brought it with him expecting to have to 
insert it himself and Tina took it out of the flat box 
that kept it safe from punctures.

Naturally curious about the object that should allow them 
to safely continue their pursuit of knowledge and 
pleasure (not necessarily in that order), they both 
examined it closely, checking out its feel and the 
springy nature of its perimeter.

Tina put one foot up on the side of the bath and spread 
her lips with her fingers.

"See how it goes then."

"Don't you want some of the cream first?"

"I think I need a 'dry run' to see if its uncomfortable 
or loose before we should trust it.  You'll just have to 
wait a little longer."

Considering the alternative if something SHOULD happen to 
go awry, Justin preferred to be patient.  He just wished 
he could try a little fucking while he was waiting 
though.

He tried to insert it as their doctor had demonstrated 
but there was too much resistance.  Tina's pussy was 
damp, but it was the dampness from Justin's recent bath; 
a dampness that acted more like glue than oil.

Justin put the contraceptive back behind him and sat on 
the cool tiles so he was positioned between his sister's 
legs.  He would see about providing some better 
lubrication.

Tina smelt fresh.  She should have; Justin was meticulous 
about washing.  He had also rinsed well and as his tongue 
made a sweeping pass there was no hint of soap to make 
the contact less than pleasant.

Tina leaned into his mouth, her hands drawing his head 
firmly against her while also using it to steady herself.  
As he continued and her legs felt shivery, that became 
more and more important.

What, for Justin, had started as a task involving mainly 
contact between lips and tongue on one side and skin on 
the other quite quickly altered to having the youth 
trying to cope with a veritable deluge that flowed 
directly from Tina's vaginal opening into Justin's 
throat, missing the insides of his cheeks entirely.

Justin gulped down the juices his tongue tickled forth.  
They slid, thick and tasty, down the open tube he made 
with his curled tongue until he finally had to stop.

At least there was no problem with the fitting now.

Justin carefully pushed it all the way to the back of 
Tina's vagina with his thumb finally seating it in place.

"How does that feel?"

Tina smiled and all of a sudden he knew.  In compensation 
he also had no doubts about how much she had enjoyed 
being eaten.

Justin took his belongings and clothes and turned out the 
light before heading across the corridor to his bedroom.  
The diaphragm DID have a funny feel.  It wasn't probably 
in the most sensitive of places but it seemed to be 
gently pushing the walls apart and it WAS noticeable.

It was just one more experience that put him further from 
his mates and closer to the girls he knew.  Not THAT 
close he suspected; it was unlikely that many would use a 
diaphragm in preference to the pill if they were thinking 
of contraceptives.  Still he could pretty well guarantee 
that NONE of the boys he knew would be fitted with one.

Tina returned and sat on the bed behind him as he put his 
things away.  Justin turned and looked at the sight of 
the attractive young woman who now shared his life in so 
many more ways than before; a woman who shared his likes 
and dislikes, his very feelings and most definitely his 
lusts.  Was it any wonder they also shared their love for 
each other?

If you don't feel good enough about yourself there isn't 
really any way you CAN love another properly.  But when 
the other is essentially yourself it becomes almost 
impossible NOT to love them.

Tina raised her loving arms, dug her fingers into 
Justin's butt and pulled him over to stand directly in 
front of her.  He had so nicely eaten her, it was only 
fair that she return the favour.

Justin's prick stood out from his body and it was a 
simple matter for Tina to capture the end and let it 
slide into her mouth.  With her hands stopping him 
getting too boisterous, she let him slowly rock back and 
forth, gently fucking her mouth as his hands rested on 
the back of her head.  This, like his earlier 
cunnalingus, was good for both of them.

It also would not last long enough for either of them.

Tina ended Justin's pleasure, at least temporarily; gave 
the still twitching end of his prick a final kiss and 
stood to give his mouth a more substantial one.

They pressed their naked bodies against one another; 
complementary book ends.  Each teen's right breast 
pressed against the other, feminine to masculine, while 
their heads turned slightly maintaining the kiss.  Each 
held the other's head to keep their lips pressed tightly 
together.

They both spread their feet apart, giving access to the 
other's right hand.  A mutual manipulation of the other's 
genitals continued what their tongues had started.

Justin paused, knowing things were likely to get messy 
otherwise, and reached into a drawer behind him.  He 
removed a handkerchief without interrupting the kissing 
and hung it over the base of his erection where it would 
be handy when required.  His fingers sought out Tina's 
vagina, once again collecting a slippery coating which 
eased their passage all around the area.

Feeling her release coming, Tina covered the head of 
Justin's prick with a couple of layers of cloth and 
stepped up her activities so that his release would 
coincide as much as possible with her own.  Near enough 
WAS good enough this time, more than just good enough in 
fact.  She beat Justin to an orgasm - a phrase that could 
be taken two ways so ... Tina reached her own orgasm 
before the rhythmic stroking of her hand brought his 
release as well.  However Justin's passed relatively 
quickly; surges changing to seepage while Tina was still 
trying to stay standing as Justin REFUSED! to break 
contact with her writhing body.  He kept her agitated 
until his own body started relaxing and only then did his 
touch change from an active rubbing to a passive holding.

As Tina gasped for breath, her knees trembling with 
exertion, Justin left her pussy to take hold of the small 
square of cloth before the towel rail it was draped over 
collapsed.  He squeezed the remaining semen from the 
softening shaft and repeatedly wiped the end while 
maintaining an arm around Tina's back.

There was no disappointment they hadn't tried out the 
diaphragm fully.  If fucking was going to be better than 
this, neither of them felt they would be able to stand 
it.

They were curious, certainly, but they didn't feel they 
were particularly missing anything by not fucking yet.  
In the two brief weeks of combined sexual exploration 
they had made unbelievable progress but they had still a 
lot to learn and the joys and difficulties of intercourse 
were just additional steps on their path of hedonistic 
pleasure.

They loved, they lusted, they learned, they lived.

And, for now, they rested.

*********************************************************

