The next day Jack received
another call from the clinic.
Would he be able to come in
for another donation? He told them
he would stop by the clinic after
work.

After work he again found the
non-descript building in the
industrial park. He went in the
front door and was again told to
wait. He sat down in the waiting
area and grabbed a magazine.
He spent the next few minutes
idly leafing through magazines
while he waited.

After a few minutes of waiting Jack
saw Karen come out of one of the
doors down the hall. Jack stood up
as the woman approached.

"Please come with me, Jack," she
said and turned back toward the
treatment rooms.

Jack followed Karen into the hallway
and into the second door on the
left side of the hall. The door
closed itself behind them as the
man and woman walked inside.

"Please remove your clothes and
have a seat," Karen instructed,
sitting down at the desk alongside
one wall of the room.

Jack undressed and sat down on the
paper covered treatment table. Karen
spent a few minutes silently writing
on her table and Jack waited patiently
for her to finish. Finally Karen
sat down her pen and swiveled her
chair so she was facing Jack.

"Thank you for coming back to help
us again today, Jack. Among the many
programs we offer our clients we
have several sex education courses.
We offer training for girls and women
who wish to wish to gain knowledge
and skill in sexual activities. In
the course of these training sessions
we have a practical experience component.
Would you like to help us with some of
these sessions?" Karen asked.

"Sure! It sounds fun and interesting
to me," Jack replied.

"Thank you for agreeing to help us.
Today we have a client here who has
been receiving training in giving
fellatio. Today she is to have a
practical session in sucking a man's
penis until he reaches orgasm, accepting
his ejaculation in her mouth, and then
swallowing the semen. This is the
session we would like you to help us
with today." Karen told him.

"I would be happy to help you today,"
Jack said, already looking forward to
having some fun.

"Good. All you have to do is allow
our client to suck your cock and 
enjoy yourself. When you feel yourself
getting ready to orgasm just let it
happen naturally. Please don't say 
anything to our client during the session."

"OK," Jack agreed.

"Since I see you already have a good
erection we can go in immediately. Please
follow me," Karen said as she stood up.

Karen led the naked Jack out of the room
and across the hall into another treatment
room. Inside Jack found the same paper
covered treatment table he had come to
expect along with a small desk against
the wall. Three women were already inside
the room as Jack and Karen entered. One
woman was Mei and there was a black woman
about the same age as Mei who was dressed
in the same style of skirt and blouse that
Karen also wore. And the third woman Jack
realized must be the client for she was not
dressed as the other two were.

The client was not dressed at all, she
was completely nude. She was a small Asian girl
with long, black hair. She was very young
but not as young as she seemed to be for
she had a thick patch of black pubic hair.
Her breasts were small, only a slight
swelling on her chest but her nipples
were large and very dark. She was sitting
on the edge of the treatment table and
her eyes shot toward Jack as soon as she
noticed him come through the door.

"Jack, you already know Mei and we
also have Carol here with us today. Our
client as always must remain anonymous.
Please move toward her until she can
reach your penis easily. After that just
let her do all the work, all you need to
do is just stand there and enjoy yourself. 
Please begin now." Karen instructed.

Jack walked over to the table and stopped
with the head of his erect cock a few
inches away from the young girl's
face. Mei grabbed the remote control
for the table and adjusted the height
until the young girl sitting on it
could reach Jack's cock with her mouth easily.

The girl was a virgin and in fact this
was the first time she had seen a man
naked or his penis. Now she was sitting
naked with a cock just inches away from
her face. She had received extensive
instruction on what to do in this moment,
now she had to actually do it, this was her
first change to put into practice what she
had learned.

Jack stood there silently waiting for
the girl to make a move. She sat still
for a couple minutes examining Jack's
penis as it bobbed in front of her. She
looked up at Jack's face for a moment,
smiled shyly, and slowly reached up
with her right hand to touch his cock.
She brushed her fingers lightly along
the shaft, avoiding the head at first.
Then she ran her forefinger lightly
around the head of Jack's penis, exploring
the sensitive tip. The touch of her
finger sent a thrill through Jack and
his cock tightened and bobbed up in
reflex to the girl's touch.

After exploring Jack's penis for a moment
the girl wrapped her hand lightly around
the shaft and began to slowly stroke it.
The feel of her cool, soft palm as she
stroked his cock felt wonderful to
Jack as he stood there. He stood silently
letting the girl do whatever she wanted
and she was doing a very good job so far.

After stroking Jack's cock for a moment
the girl stopped moving her hand but kept
her hold upon it. The girl leaned
forward and opened her mouth. She
stuck out her tongue and gave the head
of Jack's cock a light, tentative lick.
This sent a thrill of pleasure from
the head of Jack's cock to his brain
and caused his cock to tighten. 
Emboldened the girl started to lick and
explore the head of Jack's penis with
her tongue. As part of her training the
girl had practiced licking the head of
a penis shaped dildo and she made use
of her training on the head of Jack's
cock.

The girl had to hold Jack's penis more
firmly as her licking started to make
it tighten and bob with each swipe of
her tongue across the sensitive glans.
After a moment more of this the girl
stopped licking the head of Jack's penis
and instead opened her mouth wide and
took it into her mouth. She stopped
there for a moment to get used to the
cock filling her mouth and then she
began to move.

The girl moved her face forward taking
Jack's cock deeper into her mouth until
her lips met her hand which still grasped
it. Then she pulled back until only the
glans was inside her mouth. As she bobbed
her head the girl also flicked her tongue
along the sensitive underside of the
cock that was in her mouth. This felt
wonderful to Jack and it was all he could
do to resist the instinctive need to push
forward into the girl's mouth. But he
managed to do as he had been instructed
and let the girl do all the work.

Despite her inexperience the girl was
doing an excellent job of sucking Jack's
cock and very soon she had him to the
point of orgasm. Jack made no effort to
resist it and he started to cum.

The girl felt the penis she was sucking
tighten and the head swell slightly.
Suddenly the cock bucked in her hand
and she let out a surprised nasal "unnn"
as a blast of hit semen jetted out of
the head of Jack's cock and into her mouth.
She made the same noise with each jet
of sperm that jetted out of Jack's penis
into her mouth. The girl valiantly accepted
every spurt of hot cum that blasted into
her mouth. For the first time the girl
tasted a man's semen as Jack came in her
mouth.

As Jack's orgasm faded the girl contemplated
the strange taste of his sperm which
now filled her mouth. As the last of his
orgasmic contractions faded she swallowed
his semen and then licked the last traces
of it from the tip of his cock. The girl
gave Jack's cock head a final lick and
then leaned back. Jack was exhausted by
his orgasm and he sat down on the table
next to the girl for a few minutes to
recover.

"Jack, please return with me to the other
room." Karen said after allowing him to
rest for a few minutes.

Jack got up from where he was seated on
the table and followed Karen out of the
room and across the hall to the other
where he had left his clothes.

Unknown to Jack he had made a profound
on the girl who had just sucked his cock,
the client. As she was sucking his cock
the girl had swiftly developed an
infatuation for him and she resolved
to ask for him the next time she came
in for training.

"Please take a seat, Jack," Karen told
him when they had returned to the other
room. He sat down on the treatment table,
the paper crackling under him.

Karen worked silently at the desk for
a few minutes and Jack sat patiently
waiting for her to finish. Finally she
turned her chair away from the desk
until she was facing Jack.

"If you can stay for a while longer
we have something else for you today,
Jack," Karen told him.

"Sure, I can stay as long as you need me
to," Jack replied.

"Good. Carol who you met earlier would like
to receive a natural insemination from you
today. Would you be able to help her with
that?" Karen asked.

"I would be glad to help her," Jack replied
eagerly, thinking of the cute black girl
who had been with them in the session
earlier.

"Please wait here then while I go tell her
she can get ready for you. Mei and I will
observe your session with her, if you don't
mind." Karen said as she got up from her
chair.

"No, not at all," Jack replied.

"I will be back shortly," Karen said as
she left the room.

Jack waited quietly for a few minutes,
feeling some excited anticipation as
he thought about the upcoming session
with Carol.

The door to the room opened and Karen, 
Mei, and Carol walked into the room. 
Jack noticed immediately that all three 
of them were now naked and this sent
a thrill of excitement into his cock.
Jack's eyes were drawn to Carol who
he would shortly be fucking.

Carol had light chocolate colored skin that
Jack immediately found attractive. She was
taller than Mei but not quite as tall as
Karen with medium breasts and a very nice
ass. She had a thick, very curly bush
of public hair which made a contrast to
the other women who were shaved bare.

The black woman walked up to the table and
Jack stood up as she approached. Carol
walked up to him and pressed her body
against his, wrapping her arms around him.
She held him tightly for a moment and Jack
moved his hands down to her ass and grabbed
her bottom.

After a moment Jack felt Carol's arms loosen
their hold on his body and he did the same.
The black girl stepped back, turned toward
the table and climbed up on it. She moved
until she was laying parallel to the length
of the table and rolled over on her back.
Once she was laying full length on the table
the black girl opened her legs and pulled
her knees up to her chest, opening herself
completely to what was coming next.

"Mei, please prepare Carol for the
insemination procedure," Karen ordered.
Mei climbed up, put her head between
the other girl's legs, and began to lick
her pussy. Carol was already very excited
and Mei soon had her moaning and her pussy
flowing.

The sight of this sent a new surge of
excitement to Jack's cock. Noticing this
Karen reached down and grasped his penis
in her hand. She stroked it slowly a few
times, enjoying the feel of it and testing
it's readiness for the next step.

It only took Mei a couple of minutes to
bring Carol to a powerful orgasm and Jack
watched fascinated as the black woman squirmed
and squealed in ecstasy. The Asian girl licked
the other woman through her orgasm until
finally the spasms of pleasure died away.
Mei gave Carol's pussy one last lick and
then pulled away, got off the table, and
stood up. Carol remained laying on her
back holding her legs spread and pulled
up to her chest, leaving herself completely
open for whatever would come next.

"We will now proceed with the insemination"
Karen said as she released Jack's cock.
"Jack, for this session it is important to
make your penetration as deep as possible.
You should place Carol's feet on your
shoulders to help with this. I will guide
your penis to her vaginal entrance."

Jack climbed up onto the table and over
Carol's body. When his body was above
hers Carol used her hands to move her
legs until her ankles were on Jack's
shoulders. This opened her pussy for
deep penetration and left her hands
free.

Karen reached in between the couple and
took Jack's cock in her hand. She guided
the fat, purple head of Jack's cock to the
other woman's vaginal entrance. When
she had his penis lined up to her satisfaction
Karen put her other hand on Jack's ass
and gave it a push to signal him to move
forward and enter Carol's pussy. Jack
took the hint and slowly pushed his cock
into the black girl's hot, wet pussy.

Once he was fully inside Carol's vagina
Jack withdrew his cock until only the
head was inside her and then he pushed
back in once again. Carol's pussy felt
wonderful as he fucked her with slow,
deep strokes of his cock. Their position
allowed Jack to push the full length of
his cock into Carol's pussy with every
inward movement. Karen and Mei moved
up close so they could closely observe
the couple on the table.

Soon Jack was fucking Carol with abandon,
his hips moving rapidly as he plumbed
her hot, wet depths with his cock. The
black girl began to moan with each
thrust he made into her pussy and Jack
redoubled his efforts. The two other
women watched excitedly as he fucked
their co-worker.

"Jack, you can allow yourself to
ejaculate as soon as you are ready,"
Karen told him as she watched him fuck
the black girl.

It didn't take long after that for Jack
to reach orgasm. Carol squealed in
delight as she felt his cock begin to
squirt jet after jet of hot semen into
her pussy. Jack's movements became
uncoordinated as he ejaculated into
the black girl. He finally stopped
moving and rested for a moment with
his cock fully inside the girl as the
pleasant contractions of his orgasm
died away.

After a moment Jack rolled away and
sat on the edge of the table, breathing
hard and spent for the moment. Carol
remained laying on the table, holding
her knees to her chest trying to keep
Jack's semen inside herself for as long
as possible.

"Thank you Jack, you did very well
again today. We will call you when
we need you again," Karen said after
letting him rest for a couple of minutes.

Jack got up, dressed, and left, leaving
Carol still laying on the table.