"Good heavens!" Hermione exclaimed from her spot by the window as she caught sight of the duo that half-walked, half-stumbled into the Common Room. She quickly leapt up from her seat and rushed towards them. "What on earth happened? Are you two all right?"

"We had a little run-in with your friend Potter," Tom said grimly.

Frowning, Hermione addressed Draco. "You and Harry have been fighting again?! Oh, honestly!"

Still not trusting his voice, Draco shook his head in response.

"Not quite, Granger. Scarboy attacked him," Tom supplied. "First with words, then with magic, and then he proceeded to kick the living daylights out of him. Merlin only knows what else he would have done, if I hadn't shown up."

Draco flinched, unwilling to even consider the possibilities.

"What?" Hermione's eyes widened. "Are you saying Harry attacked Draco? Just like that?"

"So it would appear," Tom snapped. "Now, do you plan to stand there all night, asking pointless questions, Granger, or are you actually going to make yourself useful?"

"Er ... Yes…. Right," she said, slightly taken aback. "We should probably help Draco to bed, so he can get some rest. Are you quite sure you're okay, Malfoy? Can I get you anything? Do you need to see the nurse?"

Tom rolled his eyes. "Don't fuss over him like a mother hen, either, Granger," he added sharply. "Salazar-on-a-stick...women!"

Draco began to chuckle at that, but had to stop since the shaking of his chest hurt his ribs too much.

Together, Tom and Hermione helped him into bed.

"Comfortable?" Tom asked.

Draco nodded.

"Right then. Granger," Tom went on, "if you wouldn't mind... a word, please?"

"Yes. Yes, of course. Yell if you need anything, Draco." She quickly followed Tom out of the room.

Once they were gone, Draco let out a deep breath and finally allowed his tears to flow freely.

"Bloody hell, mate! You look like you've been mauled by a Hippogriff! And what happened to your glasses?"

Harry took a deep breath. He'd considered lying about the incident. In fact, on his way back, he had managed to think up a plausible story to explain his present state, but finally standing face to face with a very worried Ron, he couldn't bring himself to tell anything but the truth. "I fought with Malfoy," he admitted quietly, inwardly cursing his honest Gryffindor self.

"Oh bugger." Ron shook his head angrily. "And to think he'd been behaving himself so well his year. I suppose we should have known that was just the calm before the storm. So, what exactly did that Ferret do to you this time?"

"Well, um… It wasn't just him, Ron."

This earned Harry a confused look. "What? How do you mean? He's gone and got himself some new cronies or something?"

"No. Nothing like that. What I mean is, I..."

Harry took a deep breath and reluctantly began to explain how he'd bumped into Malfoy earlier and how angry it had made him to see once again that the double-crossing bastard was still walking around freely, like so many others of his kind, simply because they'd struck a deal or some important evidence had conveniently disappeared, while at the same time, good, innocent people were still fighting for their lives at St Mungo's or even worse, were now doomed to roam the earth as Dark Creatures.

"Just seeing that smug face of his and hearing that posh, stuck-up way he talks," Harry finished in a shaky voice. "I completely lost it back there, Ron. Every time I see him, it's just... Why is he even here anyway? Why did they allow him to come back? "

"What?!" Ron blinked. "Am I understanding this right, Harry? Are you telling me it was you who attacked him, and not the other way around?"

"Yeah." Harry looked down at the floor.

"So, he, in turn, beat the crap out of you?"

"Er, no." Harry took another deep breath. "That was Riddle."

"Riddle." Ron's head was reeling. "So... Let me get this straight... You started a fight with Malfoy and then Riddle, the future Voldemort, rescued him? So the two of them are all chummy now?"

Harry nodded. "Looks that way."

"Bloody hell," Ron muttered under his breath and then added carefully, "Er... look, Harry, I know you've been having a rough time of it lately, and I don't blame you one bit, mate, the war sure put you through a lot more crap than it did most of us, but maybe..." He cleared his throat. "I mean, don't take this the wrong way or anything, but don't you think you're going just a little too far, mate, and that things are getting out of control? You remember what happened last year, don't you? That Sectu—that curse you used? I mean… I'm just saying, you could get yourself into some serious trouble this way, you know, war hero or not..."

Harry narrowed his eyes and Ron braced himself for the inevitable, which was bound to be vastly unpleasant and probably pretty loud, too.

Instead, Harry let out a deep sigh. "I..." he began. "I don't know what..."

"Go on," Ron said.

"I don't know what comes over me, sometimes. I don't..." He clenched his fists and let out a deep sigh. "Fuck. I just don't know."

Ron shook his head sadly and laid a supportive hand on Harry's shoulder. He had no idea what had happened to his best friend, nor did he have a clue how to help him.

He decided to have a long chat with Hermione, as soon as she got back. She'd know what to do. She always did.

"Yes, enter," Minerva McGonagall spoke and put down her book.

"Sorry to come and see you without an appointment, headmistress," Tom began, as he entered the office.

"Not a problem, Mister Ridde," she said with a smile. "My door is always open to students who need to talk, and as long as you are our responsibility, that definitely includes you."

"Thank you, Professor."

"Now, how may I help you? And please, do sit down…"

"Right. Thank you. This concerns Draco Malfoy. He was attacked earlier, quite out of the blue and as far as I know, without any prior provocation on his behalf."

McGonagall's eyes widened "Attacked? Oh dear. By whom? And how is Mister Malfoy doing now?"

"He's in his room, resting, Professor. I offered to take him to the Hospital Wing—I believe he has some bruised ribs—but he refused. He told me he wouldn't be able to sleep there." Tom paused meaningfully, hoping the headmistress would supply him with some clarification on that statement, but when she remained silent, he went on, "And as for who attacked him without good reason, that would be Harry Potter, Professor."

"Oh my goodness!"

"Luckily, I was able to intervene," Tom stated. "Which reminds me..." He pulled a wand from his robes and placed it on the headmistress' desk. "Potter might want that back, provided - and I'll leave that to your discretion—he can be trusted to use it."

"Thank you for bringing this to my attention, Mister Riddle," McGonagall said after a few tense moments. "We'll take it from here."

"Yes, of course."

Once Tom had left the room, Minerva swallowed hard and once again, found herself wishing that Albus were still around. Then she decided that an urgent staff meeting was definitely in order. If someone didn't do something very soon, she reasoned, things were bound to get terribly out of hand, provided they hadn't already.

"I don't need your pity, Granger," he said, crossing his arms defensively.

"Good," she shot back, placing the tray with soup and bread rolls on the bedside table, "because you won't get it, either."

He raised a quizzical eyebrow.

"I'm Head Girl," she went on, "so I'm partly responsible for the students' welfare. Like it or not, that includes yours, Malfoy. So if it makes you feel any better, if it's less wounding to your pride, you can look at this as me simply doing my duty like the goody-two-shoes Gryffindor you always say I am."

Draco opened his mouth to say something. He had a brilliant retort to this, didn't he? No, he realised, apparently, he did not. And it suddenly dawned on him, too, that the girl actually had a good point. Not only that, she seemed to know him better than he'd originally thought.

He looked up at her and when he saw the triumphant smirk on her face, he couldn't hold back a chuckle. "You're pretty clever, aren't you, Granger?"

"Well spotted." She laughed. "And it only took you seven years to figure it out, Malfoy."

Draco shook his head and before he knew it, he was laughing too and wondering if, perhaps, he should reevaluate his opinion about Hermione Granger.