
Sarah Wikin's First Day
by Prurient Purveyer
 
Sarah Wilkins was not a happy girl. She was at that stage where desperately unhappy has a fond memory to it and dark despair doesn't seem too bad at all really. Sarah had been bullied at school for the previous two years and in the past six months it had escalated to the point where daily physical intimidation, including several actual bashings, had occurred and the poor girl lived in constant fear. An additional and perhaps, given her age, equal pressure was the fact that not a single girl would adopt her as their friend and she was therefore both bullied and ostracised, a condition which commonly leads to nervous breakdowns and suicides.

Why was she bullied? She had wondered endlessly about that. She had tried, as you would expect to behave in ways which wouldn't attract attention or cause animosity. She had tried and failed utterly. Although she hadn't realised it or perhaps rather had tried to suppress it her natural attraction was to girls and the messages she sent out subconsciously were picked up and found to be quite unnerving. So, really, the other girls' fear that they might want what they could see Sarah wanted was the main reason.

As fate would have it her father Eric , a humble but highly regarded
butcher at Colman's Butcheries, had been expressing his and his wife Vivian's fears for Sarah to his colleagues at smoko, and as he spoke , in a trembling voice, the tears had started rolling down his cheeks and he had had to stop- in fact he could not speak he was so upset- and he had moved away to the kitchen to wipe his eyes and try to regain his composure.

His Manager had heard and seen Eric and had been deeply moved but also felt the futility of being unable to protect or help. He had told the company CEO about it and he in turn had discussed it with his wife.
The company had been kept up to date with Sarah's life since the day Vivian found she was pregnant so this was no stranger to the Staff of Coleman's Meats; she was considered a part of the family.

The CEO's wife had discussed Sarah's plight at one of the functions she attended and finally a solution presented itself. Another lady, Mrs Saunders, knew the Principal of an Exclusive Girls School which, she was sure, would provide the environment in which Sarah would thrive.
She had approached the Principal , who had asked her to proceed with an application with all haste and had rung one of the Guardian Angels to ask for funding for this girl Sarah should the application stack up. Funding was agreed to immediately and Sarah was required to complete an IQ Test, A Personality Test and Star in a 5 minute DVD where she spoke about herself. (it was very funny)

Admission was approved, and Sarah was kitted out in her new school uniform on the Saturday and was driven to the school early Monday. A fortunate piece of timing as it turned out as the gang leaders had decided that Sarah was to be done over that very morning.

And so, not knowing how lucky she had been, Sarah sat in the car, it was a limousine; she didn't care about cars, she just knew it was much bigger than her mum and dad's car. Her focus was on how she was going to survive in this new school. She was sure they wouldn't like her; well how could they? They would all be from well to do families and she was the daughter of a butcher, a tradesman. She had no answer to the question how she would cope and so she fretted and chewed her nails as she felt the reassuring veil of depression settle over her.

She was delivered to the school, her luggage was taken by the driver (a lady) to her new quarters and Sarah was told it was time for assembly. She followed the others and found herself in a very impressive auditorium surrounded by very impressive and very confident looking girls.
"Oh shit," she thought," This is going to be even worse than I thought." She had thought they might be rich but dumb. No way, dumb didn't get through the door- very smart was a minimum requirement. 

Assembly started, was asked to stand, was applauded and the voices droned on, as they do at assemblies the world over, and she got more depressed.
Finally it was over and she was to go to her form class. A girl told her to follow her and clutching her school bag Sarah duly did.

The class was small, just sixteen girls including her and the seats arranged in two sets of four on either side of a open space which served as an aisle. Sarah was seated second right in the front row (Just great) on the left side. She was welcomed and her teacher hoped she would pick up the work they were doing and expressed her confidence she would. A confidence totally unshared by Sarah. 

The subject was English and the topic Chaucer. Her teacher, Mrs McKenzie, was a former lecturer at Cambridge University and the lecture was her famed Stage Three one. Not surprisingly it was too much for Sarah and she sank even deeper into her despair. She stewed over what she could do, how horrible it would be here, what they would be saying about her at the old school, would she ever find a girl who would be her friend.

It was her she decided.It was, everyone hated her and so on and deeper and deeper she sank into her depression.

And then something happened- she started to cry. She didn't want to, she did everything she could not to; including blinking, biting her lip, forcing her eyes wide open, blinking again but all to no avail. What she had bottled up finally had to come out and she sat there in complete and utter despair with the tears rolling down her cheeks. She dared not wipe her eyes for fear of drawing attention to herself nor could she sniff or , blow her nose for the same reason. But it was worse that that; she really was crying and she made sobbing sounds which she hoped no one would hear. She also shook and her face was scrunched up so it was very clear -despite her best efforts to hide it- that she was distraught.

Mrs McKenzie was in full flight on Chanticleer and Pertelote when Sarah saw her give her a come to me signal with her forefinger. Sarah shrugged and Mrs McKenzie, still in full flight on the rooster and his hen, smiled at her and repeated the gesture. Sarah got up and feeling utterly humiliated walked to her teacher. Mrs McKenzie put her arm out for Sarah to come in for a cuddle and, once Sarah was in place, put her arm round her and carried on with the lecture.

The lecture ended shortly after and Mrs Mckenzie now put both arms round Sarah hugged her tight. Had Sarah been able to see the other girls she would have seen that they also had tears in their eyes having been well aware of her situation- they had voted for her to come to the class (loved the DVD) - and had spent the time of the Chaucer lecture observing Sarah and wanting to comfort her ( they didn't understand a word of it either.)

They hadn't been allowed to comfort her - Mrs McKenzie and the other teachers had decided on what to do for Sarah and they had decided she had to cry. And cry she did. She felt a hand on her shoulder and lifting her head from the top of Mrs McKenzie's breast looked around.

"Sweat heart Phillipa will take you now, OK?" Mrs McKenzie said gently to her.
Sarah nodded and managed a little smile as Phillipa brought her round to her and hugged her. She then rocked Sarah off balance and scooped her up with her right hand: Sarah put her arms round Phillipa's neck. She was amazed at how easily this girl could carry her and how nice she was. "Gosh," she thought, "they're all so nice."
There was an arm chair at the side of the classroom for visitors: Phillipa took her there and sat with Sarah on her lap.
The other girls sat round on the carpet and Sarah could see now that they had tears in their eyes too.
" For me?" she asked meekly,wiping her eyes and meaning their tears.
They nodded and every one of them smiled for her. She was cheering right up now and loved being on Phillipa's lap.
"This is nice," she said to Phillipa ,doing a little wriggle.
"Glad you like it darling," Phillipa replied with a smile and hugging her tight. Sarah was ready to stand and when she did so the other girls came to her and hugged and kissed her and said nice things to her so that the tears came again but they were happy tears and the terrible times she had endured faded into the past.

However there was more to come. Sarah and the other girls returned to their seats, the new girl smiling happily at her new found friends, when Mrs McKenzie announced it was time for Phys Ed. Sarah's heart sunk. Of all the cruel jokes to play, just when she was happy and feeling at home. That!

If there was one time at school Sarah loathed it was Physical Education . She was hopeless; couldn't run (fast) couldn't catch, couldn't hit, panicked under pressure and so on. She had managed to become the gear carrier, the fetchit girl, any role which would remove her from the humiliation of showing how mediocre her physical prowess was.

The other girls were smiling. Why? Oh, they were good. Guarantee it she thought. And the blackness which hadn't in truth gone very far returned. It returned and mocked her. They know you're a sook now Sarah and soon they'll know you're an unco-ordinated ninny too. Mrs McIntyre had seen her face fall and was amazed at how quickly the depression had returned She knew her history but having seen her so happy just seconds before, well,it was puzzling- if she had dared admit it very worrying. She didn't because she had a plan to work to and she would.

'Right girls I think we can get changed now, Andrea will you buddy up with Sarah here?"

Andrea was the one Sarah had really felt a connection with and glowed when Andrea gave her a lovely big smile. Everyone was out of their seat with Andrea coming over to Sarah. As she did however she started undressing. So was everyone else- including Mrs McIntyre. Must have their Gym frocks or whatever underneath she thought starting to panic. But no one stopped, item after item came off until the only one wearing anything at all was her.
Her naked teacher spoke;
"Sweetheart we do phys ed in the nude here, that's one reason why its so popular. Know what the second reason is?"
Sarah had no idea so she shook her head.
"All the things we do are sex games. OK, you get exercise but I would be horrified if you didn't get off too. Now Andrea would you help Sarah get ready and I'll go and see if I can get Miss Rutherford to help out with today's session." 

Sarah was soon nude and far from just being one naked girl in a group of others she was looked at, touched and got lovely comments on her body- she had nice breasts,really? and a cute butt. true? Oh and great legs, no way? Really? In short her lack of confidence in her body was being swept aside. Not only that she was being touched, Andrea had put her hand straight on her pussy and Melanie was rubbing her palm over Sarah's nipples. The other girls were doing the same sorts of things to each other as well.

She looked out the window as her naked teacher walked across the quadrangle to Mrs East's class where Miss Rutherford was on secondment. She just walked naked into the classroom and Sarah could see her gesture at Miss Rutherford. To her surprise both Mrs East and Miss Rutherford started to undress and continued until both were nude.

'Are they both going to help?" Sarah asked.

"No," replied Andrea," the rules are if the teacher offers then she gets to spend the day nude- with her own class but Miss Rutherford will come and help Mrs McKenzie and she will be nude."

"But why does Mrs East want to?"

"Oh all the teachers love being nude in front of us. They have all these rules so they can as a reward- yesterday Mrs McKenzie spent the day naked in front of us. It was lovely?"

"Do you touch her?" Sarah asked, still amazed at what she was seeing and hearing.

"Oh goodness yes.I got her of twice yesterday myself. After Phys Ed we get to stay nude too. Hey, your pussy?"
"Yes?"
"Want me to shave it for you?"
Sarah looked down, then she twigged; all the other girls were shaved and she was hairy.
"Oh ny God!" she exclaimed,"Oh yes please. Where?"
Andrea led her to the bathroom out the back and there she got out a razor and shave cream.
"We often do touch ups," Andrea told her as she lathered Sarah's pussy.She shaved expertly and soon every hair had gone- Sarah had shaved her legs and underarms the night before.

"Hmm, oil," muttered Andrea, she came up with a bottle which she opened and poured a liberal quantity on Sarah's front and back. This was rubbed in till Sarah positively gleamed, she saw herself in the mirror and thought she looked pretty damn hot .

"So do we run after the others now?" she asked,
"No! We go and introduce you to the other classes."
Sarah's eyebrows shot up.
"The whole school's been watching you."
"When? How?"
"We have camera's in every room. They watched you from the time you entered the class room, we-"
"When I was looking like such a pill trying not to cry? Then?"
Andrea's nodded.
"Don't be embarressed honey, we all wanted you to cry, you just had too. OK? We all love you. OK? Now I have to introduce you round the school. So, come on."

They held hands and walked to the next door class. The teacher, Mrs Hopkins, came to the door and brought them inside holding Sarah's hand.
She stripped as she told Sarah how glad they were to have her there and the girls got up and hugged and fondled Sarah and Andrea to the point Sarah thought she was close to an orgasm. She didn't escape.

"You're nearly there darling," noted Mrs Hopkins.
Sarah nodded bashfully.
"Oh you're a shy wee thing aren't you? Elizabeth honey, would you just get me off? Thanks."

Elizabeth, a skinny brunette came over and caressed her naked teacher's pussy. In next to no time Mrs Hopkins was orgasming in front of her class.
"You see dear, no embarresment, just enjoy having one so we can enjoy watching. May I have the honour of getting you there?"

She was lovely and Sarah nodded happily. She stood with legs apart as Mrs Hopkins frigged her and had her first public orgasm to enthusiastic applause. She looked up at a large TV screen at the front of the class- she or rather her bald pussy was on display. She put her fingers in and wriggled them around- God she thought I am so slippery- now the camera moved up to her face and she blew it a kiss.

"OK honey," said Mrs Hopkins,"Time for you to move on to Mrs Smith's class. Feigning extreme reluctance the bubbly Sarah went hand in hand with melanie to Mrs Smitk's class where, as expected Mrs Smith greeted her with a full open mouthed kiss and had stripped off within one minute of them getting through the door. Again Sarah orgasmed and again she was in love with an entire class room of girls.

Blowing them a kiss she and Andrea went to Mrs East's class and finally Miss Hendiksen's. Same result both times.

"OK, now we go to your favourite activity," Andrea told her with a big grin on her face. Sarah smiled back at her and gave her hand a squeeze.

"Wow that was fun," she gasped, then she looked into Andrea's eyes," but it was more fun doing it with you."
Andrea pulled her into her and with the teachers and pupils of five of the six classes watching Sarah and Andrea kissed passionately, grinding their bodies together and squeezing each other tight.

They looked up as they heard the cheers and waved grinning to their audience. Now they went down to the Phys ed class.

Andrea had fallen in love with Sarah from the moment she saw her DVD. The other girls had been taken with her immediately but Andrea, well Andrea was besotted. She had freely confessed her adoration for Sarah to her teacher and classmates, infact anyone who would listen and so it wasn't by chance that Mrs McKenzie had called Andrea's name to be Sarah's buddy. She and the whole school, including the Angels, were wondering and hoping Andrea's love for Sarah might be reciprocated. 

It was, as we have seen, very much reciprocated and the girls felt a bond with each other that neither had before. They laughed and giggled saying silly things and relishing just being in each other's company. The sports field was situated down a path between a glade of trees and was several hundred yards long by close on a hundred wide. 

Off to the side was a small lake and it was alongside the lake that the day's exercises would take place. As they approached the other girls came forward a hole opening in the middle of them so that when Sarah and Andrea got to the group they were surrounded. For Sarah this was a time of immense pleasure. She loved being with Andrea and she had loved everything she had experienced since the moment Mrs McKenzie first wiggled her finger at her but the experience of being wanted- not just tolerated or accepted but actually wanted- by the whole group was special for her for she was, as girls of her age very much tend to be, a herd animal.She enjoyed her moments in the limelight but more important than anything was the confidence and security of knowing she belonged. 

The girls were formed into a single line and Miss Ferguson went through doing odds and evens to divide them into the two teams. Andrea and Sarah had been holding hands and so having been next to each other they were placed on opposite teams. Mrs McKenzie appointed the team captains: Phillipa was Captain of the Red Team and Stephanie captain of the Blue Team; Sarah was in The Red Team.The Captains had agreed on the three games to be played and drew their teams apart for the team talk.

It must be said that losing was probably, actually, no, definitely the way to go but it was a demonstation of character that we do our best, Phillipa told them, adding that it was an insult to your fellow competitor not to do your very best to win. The stirring speech was soaring over Sarah's head however as she wondered why it was better to lose. In her experience at sport, at which she had always lost despite, in her own way, doing all she could to win the consequences of defeat were never fun- even more so than when she was getting beaten up in the playground.

Once she had finished Phillipa came over to Sarah and took her hands in hers.
'Nervous?" she asked looking into Sarah's eyes and demanding an answer.
Yes she was, very so she replied,"Oh, um a bit I suppose."
She couldn't hold Phillipa's eye and looked away but Phillipa wouldn't let her,
"look at me darling, come on, look at me." Sarah brought her eyes up again and looked into Phillipa's eyes and at her face. Phillipa was smiing and Sarah saw such warmth in her eyes that she just wanted to keep looking into them.
Her face broke into a smile and she nodded, still looking into Phillipa's eyes and remembering how magical it had felt to be held by her. Phillipa grinned and pulled her in for a quick hug.

"OK babe, lets get started huh?" she said very quietly to Sarah then,loudly, to all her team,"come on guys lets get going."A team cheer was forthcoming and with the others Sarah went to the first contest.

Thiw was a wheel barrow race with a slight difference; a dildo was inserted in the wheelbarrow's pussy and she had to ensure it stayed in there as she was wheeled to the finish line.If it came out she had to stop and have it reinserted after she had had four spanks with the paddle- which for Sarah's Team Miss Ferguson was to administer and she looked very strong.

Sarah was still a virgin boywise but she had, at fifteen,had things up her pussy many times so this was no threat- keeping it in though sounded like it might be.
Phillipa lead off for their team and was soon into an early lead when, disaster- the dildo slipped out- she could see it going- and Phillipa was forced to kneel and wait for the four spanks from Miss Ferguson. The sounds were like gunshots. "Oh God," thought Sarah ,"she hits really hard." After each one Phillipa said a very obedient "thank you Miss Ferguson" then, after the fourth waited for her wheeler to insert the dildo and resume the race. Her competitor had gained a lead but just before the cone her dildo had fallen out too and like Phillipa she had knelt waiting to be paddled and also like Phillipa she had obediently said her thank you's for the paddling.
At the end though it was Blue Team slightly ahead. The next girl,Rosemary had tried to keep her legs pressed together but was forced to widen them due to the howls of indignation from her other team members who had moved so the wheeler wasn't blocking the view and wanted a view worth seeing.
Rosemary's pussy was, Sarah decided, definitely a view worth seeing. But try as she might she couldn't stop the dildo falling out and she too took her paddling. She had turned to pick up the dildo and Sarah could see her face. Far from being unhappy at the punishment she had just had she looked as if she was about to have an orgasm and the long hidden notion arose within Sarah that ,sometimes, pain might be pleasurable.

Sarah's turn was next and she knelt waiting. Her pussy was dripping and the dildo was thrust deep into it. She tried to fasten her vagina walls to cling to the shaft and thought she might have nailed it until the wheelbarrow started and she felt each hand movement jarring and put all her concentration into her biceps and shoulders which ached so that her pussy relaxed and out it slid.
"Oh fuck!" she thought and copied what she had seen the other girls do. Sure enough Miss Fergusson came along side her and gave the first swot.
'Ahh," she squealed ,the thought that pain might be pleasurable instantly forgotten, that hurt.
'Thank you Miss Fergusson," she said in a very subdued little voice.
"Oh dear," Mrs Ferguson thought at hearing that. She bent down and whispered in Sarah's ear "the spanking is the fun part honey. Focus on your butt and feel the spank connect to your clit- you can stroke your clit while I'm spanking you, Ok?"
Sarah turned her head to look at her, she nodded as bravely as she could and waited, stroking her clit as she did so. The second, third and fourth smacks were harder and she loved them- her pussy was gushing and her wheeler had to wait until she had finished squirting before she reinserted the dildo and they started off again. Sadly Sarah wasn't very good at this and stopped twice more with four more spanks each time. 

She watched from just past the turn as her rival, who also had a spanking-but only one- crossed the finish line. Sarah had her head down though going for all she was worth to get there for her team but for Phillipa,whom she adored, especially. She felt gutted; she had so wanted to do well and she had let them all down so she guessed they mightn't be so friendly now and couldn't blame them really. Well, she'd do her best and just have to hope they wouldn't turn on her too much- maybe she could carry the gear next time, like she used to.Oh and maybe she could read her book over by the side till everyone had finished.

Then she heard her name; the girls were calling her name,
"Come on Sarah"
"Keep going Sarah, you're doing great'
"Come on Sarah ,not far now"
and so on. And cheering and all for her. She looked up and the girls on both teams were waving and cheering her on. She tingled and forced her aching shoulders to go faster till she finally crossed the line; then she collapsed. The other girls pulled her up- yes by her aching shoulders- and pressed against her, just for a few seconds but she knew despite her absolute certainty while she was doing the wheelbarrow that they wouldn't think much of her that they admired her for what she had done.

What she had done was make it a stone cold certainty that her team would lose but they loved her for the way she had pushed her unfit- but still very cute- body past it's limits to do her best for them.

They did lose and it was time to line up for their punishment. Stephanie just said one word,
'Doggy."

Obediently Phillipa and the other girls, including Sarah knelt with their weight supported by their arms and waited. Sarah felt a finger checking her pussy- it slid straight in,as you might have expected. Next she felt the girl's hands under her tummy pulling her up a little followed by more fingering in her pussy and toying with her clit.

In a voice much louder than she wanted Sarah demanded " Oh for fuck's sake stick it in me!"

She said it at a time of absolute silence and the other girls roared, The shaft which was now in her pussy shook as Cindy laughed.
'Sorry darling, its in now OK?"

Sarah nodded.Oh God was it ever in! It filled her up and went all the way deep into her pussy. Cindy had grabbed round her thighs to push in and now she changed grip to leaning right over and grabbing Sarah's titties.
She pulled really hard on them and Sarah who had never had her tits worked like that loved it.She arched her back and pushed back against the shaft wanting it in deeper still.
'Cum bitch, cum you dirty little slut,"Cindy hissed in her ear then went back and used one hand to smack Sarah's still very pink ass.it was too much and Sarah's pussy erupted again. Cindy pushed her gently to the ground flipped her onto her back and got down between her legs. Sarah lay limp with her legs wide apart as Cindy's tongue explored her.

'Well?" Sarah heard a voice, she thought it might have been Stephanie, demand. The tongue left her pussy briefly as Cindy gave her report,
"Oh so nice!" Then her tongue resumed licking out Sarah's very wet pussy.

'Time!" called Mrs McKenzie and they all returned to their teams. Sarah felt a bit awkward- not at the fucking but at having had all the fun while Cindy and the other girls hadn't had a turn really.

The next game was running race- just one slight challenge and that or they rather would probably be the nipple and pussy clamps and the weights hanging from the chains attached to them. Sarah had never has a clamp near her pussy or her nipples,although she had pinched her nipples a few times. This time it was all sixteen girls running to the finish line- which was about sixty yards away. Addrea put the clamps on Sarah's nipples, attached the chains and hung the weights from them. It was not sexy at all thought Sarah, Oh My God. Oh Fuck. She wanted so much not to offend anyone but her biceps tensed as she pressed her hands together and the veins stood out on her neck and ther were various other giveaways- especially the look on her face- that she was not happy. Andrea was immediately aware of the tenseness and looked up at Sarah's face.

'Oh my God!" she thought and wanted to take the clips off straightaway.She and Sarah were being watched of course so when they could see what was happening Mrs McKenzie went over ,smiled down at Andrea and taking Sarah's hands in hers placed them on Sarah's head. She then very gently traced a path down from her head over her armpits down her sides and across to her pussy. Sarah was trembling and now the clamps felt oh so good. Mrs Mckenzie took Sarah's head in her hands with the fingers of her left hand under the throat, the right over the top of her head and tilted Sarah's head for a kiss. Sarah moved her hands to the back of her head loving being under the control of this lady she so utterly worshipped.

Mrs McKenzie looked into her eyes as she came forward her moist lips parted then closed her eyes as their lips met. She had the most wonderful perfume Sarah thought as she felt her Teacher's tongue probing her mouth. She thrilled at the tongue in her mouth and rolled hers round with it and accepted the invitation to push her's into the other's mouth.

She was, infact, a great kisser; a long tongue which could hook right back and a natural inclination to slow sensual kissing made her a pure joy to kiss. Which is probably why that particular kiss took so long. The girls applauded when they finally broke. Mrs McKenzie smiled while Sarah blushed then had a little smile on her face. She looked down and there was a clip on her pussy too, she hadn't felt it while she had been kissing Mrs McKenzie but she felt it now. Oh my she though,it feels fantastic.

And so, finally, like eventually, the race started. Sarah found as she tried to run that the weights snapped down as her feet landed giving a real hard tug on her nipples and her pussy. She ran alongside Andrea and they held hands as they ran. They didn't, in truth, run very fast and were able to exchange a few words.

"I love you," Sarah said looking over at her and giving Andrea's hand a squeeze.
'Love you doll," came the reply with a squeeze from Andrea. The finish line was in sight soon and they let go to have a real race for the finish. Andrea won- but only just and was puffing after. Sarah was amazed at how fast her great legs, she loved that "great legs," ahhhh had carried her.
She had suppressed the feel of the weights and just gone for it running as hard as she could; going past some very surprized girls in the process.

She came seventh and Andrea, who was really fit, had come fourth. They hugged after the race and then hugged the other girls too. While they waited for the official placings they stood back to back kissing Stephanie and Abigail. The result was in and it was another win to the Blue Team.
The two teams lined up opposite each other in the order they finished within their team. A contrived way, Sarah thought with some cynicism to mix us up. Then she smiled; she was enjoying trying out different girls as much as they enjoyed trying out her.

This time she was handed a vibrator and lube. Alyse's pussy was soaked so what was the lube? Oh yeah,"silly me," though Sarah.

Alyse was very pretty blonde girl. She had stumbled just short of the finish line- yes, possibly on purpose- and had been elated at the prospect of Sarah's tongue in her pussy.She had seen how quickly Sarah caught on but had been there long enough to know this first session for the new girl was always about her. That meant if there wasn't a lot of skill there then that was Alyse's tough luck. So Alyse stood with legs apart smiling a little nervously while she waited for Sarah to, well, do something.

Sarah had never had to please a girl before and the prospect, although exciting, was quite daunting. The dreaded "what ifs" hovered in her mind.

"What would you like me to do ,um, first?" she asked after a few pregnant seconds. 
"I'd love to have you kiss me," Alyse said, suddenly feeling quite shy, " I've been looking forward to that."

It was such a lovely thing to say and Sarah felt a sudden rush of affection for her. She put the things on the grass and moved in for a kiss with Alyse. After it Alyse was limp; she could barely stand and, seeing that, Sarah lowered her gently to the ground to lie on her back. She got the lube, squirted some on the tip of the dildo and rubbed it down the sides then pushed the nozzle inside Alyse's butthole and squirted a generous amount in there.Alyse had her legs drawn up and everything she had was presented for Sarah to see and play with as she wanted.

Sarah was aware her role was to give pleasure- sexual pleasure that is; her pleasure would come from seeing the pleasure Alyse gained from what she did for her. And so, filled with such noble desires, she pushed the vibrator gently at Alse's butthole, which defiantly resisted her every effort to insert the toy. Surprised at first she pushed harder, anxious not to hurt this beautiful creature, and the tip slid in. She had pushed so hard that the whole shaft went in causing Alyse to gasp in pain. Sarah pulled it out immediately hating herself for what she had done.

Alyse's thighs clamped together and she curled into a ball with a grimace on her pretty face. She was in agony. She knew that Sarah hadn't meant to hurt her and put her arm out for this darling girl to come in for a hug so she could show she didn't hold it against her and she did love her.

Mrs Ferguson made her way quickly to the girls and put the ice pack she had been holding for just such an event on Alyse's butthole.
"Oh goodness!" thought Alyse,"that feels so much better." It wasn't long before the pain was gone and Mrs Ferguson guided Sarah in reinserting the vibe easing it in and then, once in and with ALyse's butthole widened, encouraged Sarah to push it in and out and wiggle it round in there.

Sarah knew what to do with Alyse's pussy and lowered her face sniffing in the scent of Alyse's arousal then licking long and slow deep in her pussy. Alyse lay with her head on the ground, eyes closed and mouth open enjoying the moment. She came and was coming down when Sarah sent her off again and a third time when- and she hardly ever did this-she gushed. Sarah was thrilled, she had been so anxious about pleasuring Alyse and obviously she had but the pleasure she felt wasn't in her sense of achievement but in seeing the joy Alyse was feeling.


The other girls had finished a minute or so earlier and had gathered round to watch. Alyse opened her eyes and looked up at her friends gathered round all with smiles on their faces looking down at her pussy, or rather at Sarah licking her out and then the massive gush as Alyse had the biggest orgasm-and she had had plenty- she had ever had.

The other girls broke into enthusiastic applause and Sarah looked up, a little embarressed at being singled out but happy to know what she was doing must be near enough to good enough. Alyse stood up and kissed Sarah on the cheek.
'Thank you," she breathed into Sarah's ear then moved away to be in her team.

Once again the two teams lined up. This time the game was hogtie.Steph and Cindy gave a demonstration. The game was about speed and tactics; there was no place for brute force because as soon as a girl had her cord round the other girl's wrist the girl had to stand still and let her hand be puled behind her back, then the other one to join it, lie on her tummy and allow her legs to be pulled up so the winner could complete the hogtie. The demonstation ended with Stephanie , who was bigger and stronger than Cindy lying on her tummy, her feet and hands hogtied behind her back and a happy smile on her face.

As you have no doubt worked out there was just one problem with this game and that was that nearly all the girls wanted to lose. 

Mrs Mckenzie had an answer to that as you may have expected from someone so clever an' all: herself. The girls on the winning side who craved being hogtied would be done by her. The girls were paired off and Sarah was paired of with Ming a skinny pretty chinese girl. The were given their rope and found a spot to play in. Sarah had an idea of what was required but she was up against the class champ. She circled trying to work out how to get her rope round Ming's wrist, on and on she went hoping for an opening when Ming changed direction and darted in to loop her cord round Sarah's left wrist. Sarah pulled instinctively then remembered the rules; she stood still expecting her hand to be pulled behind her but it wasn't.Ming pulled her wrist up and bent her arm over and secured it and the other behind Sarah's neck then she stopped. Ming was the one everyone wanted to lose to, after a great show of resistance- sometimes lasting seconds- because of her 
skill in hogtying them.She put her mouth close to Sarah's ear 
"honey I can just tie you up or I can tie you so you'll go unconscious, what do you want?"

"Well, erhem," thought Sarah, "that's a toughie," and after mulling the options for a full tenth of a second she let her chin sink to her chest and looked up with a shy little look on her face.
"I've never tried going unconscious..."
'Would you like to?"
A smile flashed over Sarah's face and she nodded. She was scared and excited at the same time. She sank to her butt and allowed Ming to push her legs up so her thighs were pressing on her tummy then had Ming push her butt up- she was on her back now- and manouver her legs so her calves were resting against her shoulders and from there Ming looped the cord round her right ankle ,then round her left back and round the right and finally pulled, securing Sarah's legs behind her head.

Sarah couldn't believe what had happened; she had never thought of herself as being terribly flexible but now, well, here she was but what about the?
Ming was still working but before she looped the rope around Sarah's neck she asked," sure?"

"Uh huh."
"Don't try to breathe just let yourself go with it." 

With that Ming looped the rope round Sarah's neck twice and pulled tight. Her aim was to cut of the blood supply rather than suffocate her and she had done two loops that crossed over at the arteries in Sarah's neck so the inner one coud be pressed into the side of her neck and into the nerve and arteries. Sarah felt her breath constricted and tensed then forced herself to relax and waited to feel herself drifting off. She felt foggy for a few seconds and then she felt herself going and was fast asleep.

Ming untied her after a few more seconds as both Miss Ferguson and Mrs MeKenzie came over. Concerned at first they saw Sarah was lying utterly relaxed and clearly in no danger. She woke just over a minute later and a smile broke out as she remembered where she was.

Andrea, who had watched her for every second was right beside her on the ground.

'How do you feel? Are you sore? I wouldn't have let Ming harm you, you know," and her own desperate unhappiness at her darling taking any sort of risk shone through in her barrage of questions. There was concern born of love in her voice and Sarah felt it immediately.

"Would you rather I hadn't?" Sarah asked her, thrilled that someone cared so much about her. Andrea shrugged then nodded, "I mean its pretty safe, you know usually but its not completely, you know..."
Ming , who had been kneeling beside Sarah corrected her.
"What I did was very light and the rope was just tight enough to lessen the blood flow, it did no damage to your throat sweetie but I should have thought there are more people to consider sometimes. Sorry Andrea honey."
Andrea went over for a hug, she hadn't held it against Ming she had just been terrified and it all got a bit overwhelming for her so she hugged Ming then went back to holding Sarah who was, infact, fine.

They had reached the end of the phys ed and given the games they played it wasn't unusual for girls to get emotional, sometimes very, so this was taken in their stride by the other girls with Steph and Phillipa coming over. Ming had been affected by Andrea and now she was crying too so Sarah walked in the middle, one hand holding Ming's; the other holding Andrea's while Steph had her arm round Andrea's shoulders and Phillipa did likewise with Andrea.

They were just there marveled Sarah, when ever there was anything happen they were there. For a girl for whom there had never been anyone anywhere it was a truly lovely feeling. 

It was usual for the teams to end with a real BDSM style Mistress Slave session but the Head Mistress, who had come down to watch and was dressed accordingly had decided that was going to be too much as the girls had just about worn themselves out and Sarah certainly had. They sat down to a very nice lunch, the holes in the seats unused for the dildos the mistresses normally stuck in their Slaves pussies and the slaves, this time, not hand fed by the Mistresses. Instead once lunch was over they lay on a padded area in the shade, found someone to cuddle up with and fell asleep.

Sarah sought out Andrea who was wondering if she had overdone it and if she hadn't imagined that Sarah felt as much for her as she did for Sarah.
'There you are," Sarah said in the bossiest voice she could put on,"I've been looking for you young lady."

'Why?"

'Cause I love you Silly Billy! Now come and lie down here with me next to Cindy and Ming and I bet I'm asleep first!" And she was too, Andrea watched her go off to sleep, leaned over and kissed her then fell asleep alongside.

