Merlin awoke to find Arthur fidgeting slightly in his arms. "Good morning," he said,"are you feeling sore?" He moved his hand down to gently push his finger inside Arthur's body, to soothe away some of the discomfort.

"There, that's better. It always hurts the first time, but you don't need to suffer in silence; you just need to remember what it felt like to have me inside you, to be filled with my cock."

By the time Merlin had finished speaking, Arthur's eyes were starting to glaze over slightly at the feel of Merlin's finger and the memories of last night. It was early enough to play some more, Merlin decided, but he was feeling sleepy and lazy. He eased his finger out and lay back to watch.

"Touch yourself," Merlin commanded. "Do it the same as you would in your bed at home, when you have all the time in the world to take it slow and really enjoy yourself."

Arthur's cheeks flushed with a combination of embarassment and arousal, but one hand moved down smoothly to start slowly stroking his cock. He lay on his back with his knees slightly bent and legs apart, so he could play with his balls, rolling them gently in his hand. Then his other hand left his cock and started teasing one nipple, pinching it hard, then stroking his fingertip around it. He sucked two fingers into his mouth before returning to his chest, pinching and stroking until his nipple stayed hard and red, before moving across to repeat the treatment on his other side. His cock was hard and starting to leak, even though he wasn't currently touching it.

Merlin's eyes were drawn again to his face where Arthur was biting his lips, trying to keep silent and draw out the pleasure. He looked beautiful like this but Merlin wanted him completely out of control.

He remembered thinking the previous night that Arthur's nipples were one of his most sensitive spots and now he had more evidence. He called two of his favourite toys to him, from the box he kept under the bed. "I think you might enjoy these," he said, as he leaned across to attach the nipple clamps. "This way you get to tease both sides at once."

As the clamps bit on his already sensitised nipples, Arthur arched up, moaning. He was breathing hard and his cock was leaking, Merlin wondered if he might have come just from the sensation, if the collar hadn't given Merlin control over when and how he climaxed.

"You do like that, don't you? I was thinking of getting your nipples pierced some time soon. Metal rings, teasing you all the time, filling you up. I can't wait to pull on them with my teeth till you beg to be allowed to come. We won't need to touch your cock at all."

Arthur groaned and shook, desperately aroused by the image. His hand had moved back to his cock, not for his original lazy strokes but faster and harder, more than ready to come.

Merlin was ready to join him, as he had gone from a lazy curiosity to fervent desire, imagining more chances to play with Arthur's glorious body. He rolled over onto Arthur, lying between his legs and pushing their cocks together, pinning Arthur's wrists against the sheets as he moved against his taut belly. He released the collar's control over Arthur's orgasm and followed him over the edge.

Once Merlin had got his breath back he moved, cleaning himself with magic and starting to dress. Arthur lay still shattered on the bed, nipples clamped and the evidence of their climax all over his chest and stomach.

"Matthew!" Merlin called in the guard. "I think our guest is going to need another bath." He moved over to remove the nipple clamps, and Arthur moaned as the blood returned, making him even more sensitive.

"Yes, Emrys," Matthew replied, dragging his eyes away from the naked figure in the bed. Merlin knew that the story of Arthur, the sorcerer's plaything, would be round the camp within the hour and with Uther in days. It was the best way of protecting the life, if not the pride, of his new lover and if it also served to punish Uther for the damage he had done, it was no more than he deserved.

"Arthur, bathe, and then sleep. I'm sure you are still tired and I want you wide awake and ready to learn when I return this evening."

Arthur gathered himself together and stood, on shaky legs, as Merlin prepared to leave the tent and begin his long day's work. He'd carry this image with him all day, giving him something to look forward to. He couldn't leave without one last chance to touch, though, irresistibly drawn to Arthur's red, bitten lips as he stroked his face and pushed his thumb inside, enjoying the wet warmth on his skin.

"Such a beautiful mouth, I look foward to teaching you how to use it."