Hyde's wings were tingling like mad and he was ready to call it quits and return to his room by the time the light around the high table went up and the rest of the hall dimmed slightly. Professor McGonagall looked every inch the Headmistress as she stood on the raised dais decked out in regal green robes with a tartan sash.

"Welcome, alumni," she said with one of her rare smiles, "it is so nice to see so many faces that have not graced these halls for many years...."

Hyde tuned her out, he really wasn't in the mood for speeches and he began to carefully make his way towards the back of the room. What he really wanted was time alone to deal with the problem his leather pants were confining and his loose white shirt was hiding. There was only so long he could walk around with a hard on and ignore it, and he'd been doing just that for the last hour and a half. He had the urges under control, but that didn't mean his body wasn't still reacting to the signals.

The Headmistress was reminiscing about Professor Dumbledore when he finally reached the door and Hyde didn't think there was a dry Hufflepuff eye in the house as he quietly exited the room. Nostalgia was all very well, but he didn't have the patience just at that moment. Being around Muggles so long he'd forgotten how stuffy some people in the Wizarding world could be and most of them had been far from the distraction he had needed. His own arousal had made him sensitive to others and he was positive that some of the ex-students had regressed to teenagers if the hormone levels were anything to go by and yet nothing even remotely interesting seemed to have been happening.

As he made a beeline for his room he did not expect the first person he bumped into to be Harry Potter, but it seemed his luck was not in at that moment. His mind had just started pondering what he was going to be doing the moment he had a locking charm on his door and it was really not the time for him to meet one of the objects of his ridiculous hormonal obsession. The shot of arousal that lanced all over his body coming to rest in a gentle throbbing at his groin and between his shoulder blades was enough to put him off his stride.

He felt his body react to the situation that little step further than it had on the train and the shadows around him sharpened as his demon traits rose closer to the surface. Blinking rapidly and leaning against the wall he tried to dispel the effect, but he knew he had to be looking at the world with red eyes and he only hoped that he didn't spook anyone.

"Are you okay?" Potter sounded genuinely concerned and Hyde looked up to find the man only a couple of feet away.

"Fine," he said in a tight voice as he reeled back in his wayward hormones, "but would you mind stepping back, please."

He felt like yelling something along the lines of 'Get the hell away from me,' but he wasn't sure how well that would go down. After all it wasn't as if the hero of the Wizarding world had done anything to him.

"Harry, where have you been?"

Hyde heard the other far too familiar voice and almost moaned as his hormones spiked for a second time.

"Fuck," was the word he actually chose to express his current feelings.

"Hyde?" Malfoy sounded a little tense.

Taking deep breaths was not a good idea, because the pheromones in the air really didn't need a faster way into his system, but it was that or hyperventilate, so Hyde just did his best to stay calm. The itch around his shoulder blades was more like a sting now and that was definitely not a good sign.

"Please go away," he said, making sure his eyes were resolutely on the floor.

"Harry, what's going on?"

Hyde could hear jealousy in Malfoy's tone which really did not bode well. The fact that the mental vision of a jealous Veela seemed to fuel rather than dampen his ardour was very bad news.

"Harry, why are you here with him?" Malfoy sounded just shy of irrational and that was enough to make Hyde make the mistake of looking up.

Malfoy's eyes were almost glinting with anger and Hyde lost it. Control vanished in an instant and he turned, grabbed Malfoy by the front of his robes and dragged the wizard into the most scorching kiss he could manage. Malfoy's initial reaction was an indignant squeak, but that was before magical creature pheromones hit magical creature pheromones like two high speeding trains and then Malfoy was wrapped around him as tightly as he was wrapped around Malfoy. Hyde didn't know who was winning in the battle of tongues, but he really didn't care. The entire reunion could have come marching round the corner and it still wouldn't have stopped him.

"Um, excuse me?" were the rather annoyed words that brought him back enough to actually pull partially away from Malfoy.

Harry Potter was standing glaring at them with his hands on his hips and Potter's temper had enough of a reputation even in Japan to make Hyde pause for at least a moment. He looked at Malfoy who's eyes were dilated with lust and who's lips were pouty and pink from being kissed and he knew he couldn't stop; not unless Potter hexed him into oblivion. From the look Malfoy was giving him, the part-Veela was a bit beyond walking away from this as well.

They shared a quick look and some sort of understanding passed between them in a way that Hyde was pretty sure only those at the mercy of their instincts would understand and then Malfoy was latching onto his neck and he was stretching out to grab Potter.

The Gryffindor felt even more startled by this turn of events than Malfoy had been as Hyde pulled him in for a kiss, but either his pheromones had a similar effect on Potter as they had on Malfoy or Potter simply gave in. Hyde couldn't tell because Harry Potter seemed to be one hundred percent human and therefore had no indicator as to whether it was instinct or simple lust that caused his actions.

The resulting three way kiss was mind blowing in its intensity, a little awkward in some of the combinations and ended up with Hyde flat against the wall as the other two pawed at him and each other. Clothes were definitely going to be shed at any moment and he had enough brain power to realise that the corridor just off the Great Hall was not a good place for this.

"Privacy," he just about managed to say before Malfoy covered his mouth again and literally sucked his tongue out of his control.

One of Potter's arms wound around him tighter than it had been and then there was a crack and suddenly they were no longer in the corridor. Even though most of his brain was residing below his waist at the moment, Hyde knew that what had just happened should have been impossible. He found that his shock gave him just a little control back.

"That's..." he began to say.

"Impossible," Malfoy interrupted him, clearly not overly interested in that part of events, "yes we know; Hogwarts and Harry have a unique relationship; the castle lets him do things other people can't."

Hyde decided to just accept it since it meant that he hadn't had to worry about gathering the brain power to walk anywhere, and the first available private place was not a broom closet and had an actual bed in it. He assumed they were in the couple's room and that was about as far as his rational brain managed to ponder before he found himself in the middle of a three way battle to remove clothes as fast as possible.

"Stop!"

It was Potter's commanding tone that brought the frenzy to a gasping halt and Hyde found himself half dressed and holding a shirt that was not his own. It was quite surprising how that one word seemed to have kick started his logical thoughts again as reality landed on him like a ton of bricks. The idea that he was with Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy; two of the most famous names in the Wizarding world, and he had been about to leap into bed with them made it into his head and he almost laughed. The whole thing was just a little to the left of normal.

What kept his laugh inside was quite how serious Potter appeared to be. Something important was obviously going on in the other man's head and whatever it was had given Potter enough will power to pull out of a tryst with two overdosing magical creatures, which was no mean feat. They were all dishevelled and partially dressed, but Potter had brought them to a halt before anything else could happen.

"Harry," Malfoy's tone was low and possessive, but Potter stopped his partner from doing anything by holding up a hand.

Hyde wasn't sure how long he could hold it together, but he did know he could make it out of the room if Potter chose to eject him. He wasn't sure what he'd do after that, possibly go and jump in the lake and attempt to drown his hormones, but he did know he could just about walk away. The next couple of days would not be much fun, but he'd figure that out if necessary.

"Do we really want to do this," Potter asked looking from Malfoy to Hyde and back again, "or are we just going to really regret it in the morning?"

Hyde's body screamed that of course they wanted to do this and he knew that he wouldn't feel guilty for himself, but he definitely did not want to wreck his companions' relationship. There were non-verbal messages passing between the two younger wizards and he did not even try to interpret them as he waited for them to come to some sort of agreement. When he found himself the subject of two intense gazes it was quite difficult to hold still.

"You're married," it took him a moment before it dawned on him that he seemed to be the issue here as Potter voiced what he appeared to be worried about.

It had never occurred to him that the reason Potter called a halt could have been him, Hyde had assumed it was something between Potter and Malfoy.

"She knows," he said with complete honesty; "it's happened before. Megumi understands. You?"

"Not the first time we've had a threesome," Potter admitted, "but it is the first time with a virtual stranger."

There was not a lot Hyde could say about that; it was true after all.

"Okay," he said, thinking as quickly as he could, "if I stab you in the back and sell the story to the Wizarding newspapers, you can always sell it to the Muggle ones and get your own back."

Potter and Malfoy shared a look.

"Good enough for me," Malfoy finally gave his opinion on the matter and that just left Potter.

Green eyes bored into his and Hyde found himself almost hypnotised as for some reason he could not quite understand he held himself perfectly still. He felt as if his soul was on display as he looked into the gaze of possibly the most powerful man on the planet.

"If you want me to leave say now," Hyde said eventually as he felt his instincts rising over his logical thoughts again, "or you're going to have to stun me to stop me."

The noise that Malfoy made in the back of his throat at that disclosure did not help Hyde to hang on to his libido at all as it ran up his spine and caused his shoulders to twitch as if he had real wings. He did not lose all sense when his Yokai instincts took over, but no matter how well he could think he was almost a passenger in his own body.

Just when he thought he might break and do something Potter finally moved and it was to take the hem of the shirt that was still on the younger wizard's back, if barely. Hyde watched every muscle move as Potter slowly removed the material that was obscuring his body and Hyde found himself licking his lips. What Harry Potter had hidden beneath his robes was something to see indeed, and the low purring type noise coming from Malfoy was definitely indicating the part-Veela's approval as well.

Hyde looked over to Malfoy to check that he was not about to find himself on the wrong side of an angry Veela, but Malfoy seemed to have hold of himself and was watching to see what he would do. He took the offer for what it was and crossed the distance between himself and Potter as calmly as he could. The only thing more delicious to him than contact with a compatible being was the touch of his mate and Megumi was not here so he reached out to take what was before him.

The moment his fingers connected with Potter's chest he felt the tingling over his shoulders begin to spread and cover the rest of his skin. The Saviour of the Wizarding world was a good head taller than him, but Hyde thought he was at a perfect height just then as he dragged his gaze over wonderful, chiselled flesh. He was following a subconscious map in his head now and he leaned forward to place a small kiss on the gently curving collar bone just in front of him.

He was so busy tasting the flesh under his lips that he did not realise where Malfoy was until he felt a body move in behind him. Bare flesh pressed up against his back and he drew back from his target, gasping as every muscle in his shoulders twitched. It occurred to one corner of his mind that he was surrounded by two much bigger men, both of whom were legendary in their magical strength and rather than making him nervous it made his cock throb with heat.

Usually he was dominant, always wanting to drive what was happening and having to pull himself back to allow his partner to take the lead if they wanted to, but when Po-Harry, he corrected himself, leant forward and covered his mouth for a kiss and Draco pulled him close from behind he let go and allowed the two taller men to control what was happening. Something about the combination of magical creature blood in the room was allowing him to remain docile, at least at the moment, and he enjoyed it as the two other men tasted him and learned his body with their hands.

He stayed passive, letting himself simply feel until Draco rubbed against him in a full body touch and the hardness against his side was unmistakable. It sparked excitement inside him and he finally began to move, running his hands behind him as he continued to kiss Harry, he found the fastenings of Draco's pants by blindly fumbling, but it didn't take him very long to figure out how to release the obstruction. Draco ran fingers through his hair, pulling his head back and away from Harry before leaning forward and kissing him himself as he twisted slightly and snaked one hand into Draco's pants.

Draco hummed into the kiss and Hyde moved his fingers a little to add to the stimulation he was providing. He felt Harry's hands feathering over his chest and then his own lower clothing was being loosened and he was also being manhandled. It was pleasant for a while, but the clothing was too restrictive and eventually he broke away from the kiss and eased himself free of the intimate touch with both his companions. It was time to really begin playing.

Hyde did not really care what he had to do or what he looked like or anything that might have interrupted the moment; all he was certain about was he wanted as much of the two men he was with as he could possibly get. He could feel the hunger for sex reverberating through his body and his Yokai genes were making themselves known in the most forceful way they could. He sank to his knees, unfastening and pulling Harry's tight breeches away from the very shapely hips and thighs beneath. It delighted him to find that Harry was wearing nothing beneath the skin tight clothes and he revealed a very healthy erection right where he wanted it.

Draco sank to the ground behind him, moving in close and running hands over his body as he simply surveyed the prize before him. Pulling down Harry's breeches as far as the boots would allow him, he looked up through long lashes to see Harry gazing down at him. The anticipation in the eyes he met flowed over him like a wave and like heat and he moved immediately.

Running his hands up the sides of the strong thighs in front of him he lent forward and just breathed on the head of the cock in his line of vision. The little moan from Harry told him just how sensitive the other wizard was at that moment and he flicked his tongue quickly out of his mouth, just making contact with the tip next to his face. He felt a quiver run through both of Harry's thighs, so he did it again and was rewarded by a breathy gasp.

Draco seemed to be doing his best to distract Hyde, but at that moment he was focused, and short of putting a hand back down his pants, there was not a lot Draco could do. His senses were full of the smell of sex and Hyde wanted to taste more than the briefest of contacts he had had so far. Leaning just that little bit more he ran his tongue down the salty slit as he opened his mouth and took the head of Harry's cock inside.

The quiver in Harry's thighs was very noticeable now, but the wizard stood firm as Hyde sucked as if the prize in his mouth was the finest of lollipops. The taste of Harry was sharp and slightly bitter and his mind catalogued it and filed the knowledge away, uniquely identifying the other wizard in a way he would never forget. He had had few lovers in his time, needing there to be at least a certain something about any he chose even before he was mated, and he knew each, male and female, by scent and taste.

He explored the flavour for a while, running his tongue everywhere he could reach as he moved his mouth over Harry's delicious cock and if the sounds he earned in return were anything to go by, Harry appeared to be enjoying the attention. By the time he felt that he was familiar enough with the intrusion in his mouth Harry was making little thrusting movements with his hips that Hyde was controlling with a firm grip on either side. He smiled slightly around Harry's erection and then he swallowed him whole.

"Christ!" was the instant response and then there were fingers tangling in his hair.

He may not have had many partners in his time, but Hyde liked to be good at anything he did and you didn't spend years as an on and off lover with Gackt without learning how to be very good at sex. It didn't hurt that his demon blood made him a very fast learner and he had perfected deep-throating a long time ago. Moving slowly he bobbed his head backwards and forwards taking Harry's dick as deep as he could with each forward move. The groans of pleasure urged him on and he was so completely absorbed in what he was doing that Draco barely impinged on his consciousness.

Only as he was pulling back so that he almost released Harry completely did Draco make himself known again and very forcefully as well. The first thing Hyde knew was a hand sliding into his open pants and then he was being pulled backwards by a gentle pressure over his groin and a firm arm around his chest. He heard Harry moan at the loss, but Draco was leaning over him and forcing his tongue into his mouth before he could do anything to appease the abandoned man.

There was something possessive and dominant about Draco and Hyde surrendered immediately, sharing the taste on his tongue with the man who had to know it so well already. This was partly about sensation and partly about Draco pointing out that Harry was his and Hyde did not try to fight it. He had no claim here and the demon in him acknowledged that Draco did.

When he was urged to his feet he went and only then did the blond Slytherin release him. By that time he was breathless and aching from the pure power he had felt from Draco and he so wanted more. His eyes ran down the length of Draco's body, lingering over the bulge in the part Veela's open breeches as he spied the other prize he had not yet tasted.

"You want it, strip," was the immediate response to his very unsubtle advance and the challenge made him grin.

His dominant nature was lurking just under the surface, but he rather liked the edge it gave the whole situation and he flicked his tongue at Draco in a little show of defiance. The part Veela's eyes flared for a moment and just before it went too far he reached down and pulled off one boot, quickly followed by the other. He lost about an inch in height as he divested himself of his footwear, but it was not his height that was important anymore and he hooked his thumbs into the top of his pants.

Very slowly he pushed the material down, revealing that he too had worn an outfit that was not suitable for underwear. It was more a matter of peeling the leather off than just pushing it out of the way and he did his best to give Draco and Harry a show as he moved. From the way Draco was intently watching him he thought he was succeeding.

A look passed between his two companions, but he kept his focus on Draco who indicated the bed. Hyde was happy enough to comply, but he wanted his promised prize so he climbed onto the mattress on hands and knees. That seemed to please Draco more than anything and he was rewarded by the display of Draco removing the rest of his own clothes. The blond was beautiful in the nude, all long lean lines that reminded him somewhat of Gackt and was a wonderful contrast to the slightly more muscular frame of Harry. Neither of the English wizards were anything other than slender, but the Veela in Draco gave him a finer frame.

Draco moved to stand next to the edge of the bed and Hyde was quite happy to come to the edge and take what was on offer. Since he was using his arms to hold himself up he had much less control than with Harry and he suspected that was exactly what Draco wanted. He followed the same ritual as before, flicking his tongue out just for a moment of taste to begin with, but he did not have the luxury of as much time and he engulfed Draco's cock with his mouth quickly. The flavour lanced straight into his brain and etched itself onto his memory with incredible intensity and he explored it with his whole tongue.

Draco's fingers wound into his hair almost immediately and he was well aware who was in control of this moment. For now he was happy to comply and when the hands on his head urged him forward he opened his throat and swallowed the cock down. It was as he let his movements be guided in a gentle rhythm that he felt the bed dip behind him and then there were hands on his arse. Just for a moment he froze as his dominant side realised just how little control he had, but the fingers on his buttock began a slow motion that soothed his sudden unease.

He was urged into motion again by Draco, but the hands touching him had part of his attention now and he could not help pulling back slightly when he felt himself spread and something warm, wet and insistent pushed against his entrance. It took him a moment to realise that a tongue was playing with his arse and he moaned around the cock in his mouth. His cock throbbed so hard that it almost drowned him in sensation and he didn't care that he was at the mercy of the two men with him.

Harry and Draco seemed to know exactly what they were doing and a corner of Hyde's mind wondered if this is how they treated any they took to their bed, but most of him was too busy feeling and tasting to care. He was at the mercy of the tongue taking away coherent thought and the insistent thrusting into his mouth and he really didn't know what to do when both were taken away at the same time.

He moaned, head dropping as he was released, but wanting back the forceful intrusion even though his jaw was aching, and desperately needing something to replace the sensation that had been removed from his arse. When he felt a slick, warm cock pressed against his entrance he had no thought of resisting and he pushed back, eager for the penetration. His muscles had loosened against the warm wetness of Harry's tongue, but not quite enough and he had to stop for a moment as his body signalled pain.

"Okay?" Harry asked, holding very still, for which Hyde was eternally grateful.

"Second," was about the only coherent thing he could manage to reply.

Willing his muscles to relax he pushed back a little more and this time there was the familiar burn, but no sharp pain. Easing back in a slow even move he sank onto Harry's cock and the other wizard grunted in pleasure. The almost purring sound was coming from Draco again and Hyde looked up to see that they were being watched very closely. If the way Draco was stroking himself was anything to go by the part Veela liked the view.

"Move ... please," Hyde said as he let his head fall again and by the way Harry went into motion immediately he had to assume that was exactly the right thing to have said.

Harry had used plenty of lube and the first couple of thrusts were less than comfortable, but Hyde found himself adjusting to the penetration very quickly. His body was after all designed for sex and he had yet to find something that he found impossible.

Draco gave them a minute or two to move together and then Hyde found his head being lifted again and his mouth urged open. It was the first time he had ever been taken from both ends and it took them all a few seconds to find a rhythm that was comfortable. He could not help but moan around the cock down his throat as Harry changed his angle and started hitting the sweet spot and he found himself losing touch with reality slightly as his body sank into the sensations running through it. Both Harry's and Draco's movements built until they both felt almost desperate and Hyde let his body be used; he could sense their need as if it was his own.

When Harry's arm snaked round his body and took hold of his cock it was too much and he could not stop himself coming almost as soon as he was touched. From the shuddering gasps that came from Harry the spasms in his arse had taken the other wizard by surprise and pushed him over as well so he sucked hard on Draco, determined that no one was going to miss this.

"Fuck," was the reaction from Draco, who clearly had not been expecting that and lost whatever battle he might have been having with control and shot his load down Hyde's throat.

All three of them collapsed onto the bed in a shuddering heap and Hyde closed his eyes, letting the delicious spasms spread through every muscle. Every nerve was alive and not even the awkward slide of Harry pulling out could take the pleasure down a notch and he lay there in a haze of ecstasy. There was nothing in the world quite like sex.

For a while he let himself relax, but he was in rather an odd position and eventually practicality had to overcome the after glow. He went to move and there was a grunt behind him and then there was a hand on his back, right over his left shoulder blade. He could not help the loud gasp as the contact sent erotic messages around his over sensitised body. The wings were his second most erogenous zone and Harry seemed to have just found that out purely by accident, but it was too late; his demon was interested again.

Hyde felt himself becoming hard again and he looked over his shoulder at where Harry was half propped up behind him. He did not even try and curb the lecherous smile he felt break onto his face; there was far more fun to be had yet.

====

Hyde woke up when he was tipped unceremoniously onto his side and he blinked blearily at the out of focus person who had just ousted him from sleep. It took a moment for his eyes to start working properly, but by the time they did he had already figured out that the dark haired person in front of him had to be Harry. The other wizard was peering at him myopically and appeared to be just as half awake as he was.

It was only then that it occurred to Hyde that he was in rather an awkward position and though his top half seemed to have twisted, his bottom half hadn't. He looked down the bed, or rather up it since it seemed he and Harry had been sleeping the wrong way up, and found there was a blond asleep across his legs.

"I feel like I drank a tanker of champagne last night," Harry said while Hyde tried to figure out how to extract his legs without doing Draco a mischief, "but I know for a fact I only had two glasses."

"Pheromones," Hyde said as he pulled at one of his pinned limbs as gently as he could; "with two of us producing them we're all probably going to be a little sore this morning. They would have pushed us a little further than we might normally have gone and I expect you're dehydrated."

Draco might not have looked heavy, but he was bigger than Hyde and the younger wizard was a dead weight; there was no easy way out of the current tangle.

"Would you mind helping," Hyde asked as he considered his options, "it's that or tip him on the floor."

He looked back to Harry to find a rather unsettling grin on his companion's face.

"After what he put me through last night before the party started," Harry said, seemingly relishing the moment, "you can tip him on the floor. The way he caved...I'll give him 'hormone induced haze of lust'."

It seemed that there had been an interesting conversation at some point the previous evening, but Hyde knew when not to dig too deeply.

"Jealous type?" he asked, although he knew the answer already.

"He would have been the jealous type without the Veela," Harry revealed, although Hyde did not fail to notice the loving glance the other Wizard sent his partner; "with it he can occasionally be a nightmare. I think a little payback is deserved."

Hyde just gave a little shrug of his shoulders and then put all his strength behind a flex of his legs. There was an unceremonious shout and then an audible thud as Draco hit the floor. The thud was followed by some inspired swearing, so much so that Hyde dragged himself to the side of the bed and looked over. After a moment, Harry joined him.

"Bastard," was Draco's succinct opinion.

"It was his idea," Hyde replied and indicated Harry without the slightest remorse; he hadn't been a Slytherin for nothing.

The fact that now he had moved he could feel exactly what he had been up to the night before did not incline him to being generous. At least the genie was back in the bottle and his hormones were back under control. He knew from experience that the urges would return if he were to remain around Draco or Harry for some time, but since he was going home soon that wouldn't be a problem.

He glanced around the room and noticed that the three of them had quite spectacularly trashed the place. There were clothes all over the furniture, one of the large wing back chairs near the fireplace was overturned and wherever Harry's and Draco's stuff had been before last night it was now on the floor. Hyde didn't remember being that destructive, but he suspected that parts of the previous evening were lost in the pheromone haze and would only be reappearing in his dreams.

"Oh god, ow," came from Harry's direction and Hyde looked round to see that his younger bed companion had tried to sit up properly. "I'm not sure what hurts more, my arse or my back. How the hell did I strain all the muscles down my right side?"

It seemed he wasn't the only one who was a bit sketchy on the details and he could not help snorting with laughter. That send reverberations all over his body and he felt a few of his own muscles complaining again.

"I don't suppose either of you have any muscle relaxant potion?" he asked without holding out much hope; it was the type of thing most magical families kept at home, but it wasn't exactly what anyone would pack.

"I wish," Draco said, pulling himself up off the floor, "but I bet the Hospital Wing does."

The expression that came over the other Slytherin's face then was what Hyde could only describe as artful and it was aimed squarely at Harry.

"Hell no," was the immediate response.

"But Madam Pomfrey likes you," Draco said in a very sweet tone and he actually batted his eyelashes; Hyde was impressed.

"And what exactly do I tell her when she asks me why I want it and why I need three doses?" Harry did not look about to budge as Hyde glanced between the two.

This was a side of their relationship he had not seen and he was reminded scarily of how well Megumi had him round her little finger; he knew that Harry was going to cave sooner or later.

"You pulled something when dancing thanks to one of the Twins' pranks and thanks to your revenge the idiots are in a similar state," Draco said with a coy little smile.

Harry glared for a few seconds longer and then began climbing off the bed muttering under his breath something about bloody Slytherins. Hyde shared a look with Draco to express how impressed he was with his companion's handling of his partner as Harry climbed into some clothes and disappeared.

"Gryffindors are great once you have them trained properly," was Draco's only comment on the matter and then the blond climbed back onto the bed, stole most of the sheets and curled into a ball, clearly intent on going back to sleep.

====

The relaxant potion was doing its job, but Hyde was still a little sore as he quietly left Harry and Draco's room. He'd left the couple curled up together since Harry had returned from his mission blushing like a ripe tomato and Hyde had felt it was time to say goodbye. It was still early and he hoped to get back to his room before the castle was swarming with people. His clothes were dishevelled enough that it would be obvious that he had not been in his own bed all night.

Closing the door carefully so it didn't bang, he straightened his jacket and squirmed a little as his pants rode up on a sore spot. He hadn't felt like this since Gackt had decided to celebrate the wrapping of Moon Child by spiking his drink with something that was to Yokai what cat nip was to a roaming tom. Gackt was Muggle and only knew about magical things because the whole glowing red eyes had been a bit of a give away when Hyde had first accosted his fellow musician, and Gackt had not fully understood how potent the herb was. That had been an interesting night.

"Hyde?"

The voice that came from behind him made him almost jump out of his skin. His heart was thumping in his chest as he turned to find that he was not alone.

"Fuck, don't do that," he said pointedly, "you'll give me a heart attack."

What Bill was doing wandering Hogwarts this early in the morning Hyde had no idea, but it seemed he had been caught.

"Why are you coming out of Harry and Draco's room?" Bill asked with such innocence in his tone that Hyde almost laughed.

He thought it was quite obvious why he was coming out of the room, but trust a Gryffindor to think there could be another explanation.

"Take a guess, Bichan," he said, not even bothering to try and think up a plausible excuse.

Bill was not slow and the light dawned in an instant, and then Bill looked confused.

"I thought you were happily mated?" some sort of plot was obviously forming in the Gryffindor's head and Hyde knew he had to stop it.

"I am," he said with a roll of his eyes. "You're married to a Veela, Bichan, don't tell me Fleur has never had urges, most likely for other females."

The way Bill's face began to go a splendid red colour told Hyde all he needed to know about that.

"And took you with her by the looks of it," he teased as he found himself with the upper hand.

"So that's what was happening on the train yesterday," Bill was catching on fast, "no wonder you couldn't sit still, but Draco looked liked he wanted to kill you not shag you."

"He did," Hyde replied, not really wanting to talk about this, but knowing he had to or there would be misunderstandings, "if I was a free male I would have been a threat, since I'm not I wasn't and we were trying to avoid each other, but things got out of hand. Now if you don't mind I'm going to go and have a very long soak in the bath so I can sit down some time in the next week."

He knew he'd won when Bill's face cracked into a wide smile.

"Over did it a bit?" Bill asked in a totally unsympathetic manner.

"If Fleur ever reacts to another magical creature you'll know first hand, Bichan," Hyde said and gave his friend a suggestive eyebrow wiggle, then he turned back the way he had originally intended to go and began to walk.

Bill had the gall to laugh at him when his steps faltered and he had to adjust his stride, but turning around and hexing his old friend was just too much effort to be bothered with.

====

Hyde almost fell through the doorway of his home since he was so loaded down with gifts for his family. Possibly he had gone a little mad in Hogsmeade, but he liked to spoil those he loved and it wasn't as if there was a weight limit on portkeys like there was on aeroplanes. He was very glad of the charms on the packages as he promptly found himself with an arm full of Megumi and he managed to drop every thing in his hands.

"You're home," she squealed with delight, "I didn't think you would be back until this evening."

"Took an earlier portkey," he revealed and gave Megumi a quick kiss in greeting, "I missed you."

"I missed you too," Megumi said, pulling back, but clearly happy to have him home. "Did you bring me presents?"

"Of course," Hyde replied and produced a small box from his pocket with a flourish.

His beautiful wife took it as he offered it to her and smiled excitedly. He made it a rule to always bring her back something she could keep as well as the usual type of perishable gifts and he'd found this one in a small jewellers off the main street in Hogsmeade. The smile the settled on his face as Megumi carefully released the bow holding the box closed just would not go away; he loved to see his wife so happy.

When Megumi pulled out the pendant her expression was a perfect picture that Hyde immediately committed to memory.

"It's beautiful," she whispered almost reverently as the tiny silver snake glittered in the light.

"It also has a protection charm sealed into the metal," he explained as Megumi held it out so that he could help her put it on; "if you need me all you have to do is hold it and call my name."

"I love it," she said as soon as it was around her neck.

That was all Hyde needed to hear and he pulled Megumi close for a much more sensual kiss. The warmth of familiarity he felt in that small touch was almost enough to chase away the tiredness of the trip home.

"Where's our little one?" he asked, reluctantly pulling back from his lovely wife.

"With my mother," Megumi replied with an impish smile; "I wanted to welcome you back properly."

Hyde grinned back; he liked that idea, but of course there was one thing he had to get out of the way first. He was about to launch into an explanation when he saw Megumi's eyes fix on the side of his neck where he knew there was a rather impressive hicky, which rather scuppered his whole plan.

"Another reaction?" Megumi asked and Hyde was as surprised as ever that there was no accusation in her voice.

"That's one way of describing it," he admitted as he tried to catalogue the last couple of days in his head and failed.

"Any broom closets?" there was actually amusement in his wife's tone and he had to admit that Megumi had a warped sense of humour.

"No," he replied perfectly truthfully, "but only because Harry can Apparate in Hogwarts. I was almost stripped in a corridor."

The peal of laughter this produced from Megumi did a lot to ease the worry that had been lurking at the back of his mind. Having met two mated pairs in Britain he had seen that it was quite possible to include your partner in such adventures and he'd been considering the possibility that he was leaving Megumi out when he shouldn't be. The way things were done in Japan; the way his father had calmly sat him down and explained when he was old enough was all about keeping family and trysts separate, but that did not seem to be the way it was done in Europe and he was beginning to think his distant cousins had the better idea.

"Harry who?" Megumi asked as her laughter began to die.

"Potter," Hyde said before he'd really thought about it and Megumi's laughter stopped instantly.

She appeared rather shocked.

"Potter," she repeated slowly, "as in the Harry Potter; the one on your cards?"

He nodded; he was not about to try and lie or avoid the truth.

"And Draco Malfoy," he said with complete honesty; "they're a mated pair. We almost avoided it, but I managed to bump into Harry after the party. Things went from there."

Megumi was still staring at him as if he had two heads.

"What?" he asked, not sure how he had made this worse.

"They are both very good looking," were not quite the words he expected to hear.

It went without saying that Harry and Draco were easy on the eyes; if there was one thing he knew it was that his Yokai part had good taste. He just hadn't really expected Megumi to focus on it.

Megumi took him by the hand and led him towards the living room sofa.

"You must tell me everything," she said in a tone that begged no argument and he found that he was now the one doing the staring.

"Everything?" he asked in a rather strangled voice.

Megumi gave him a winning smile and patted the sofa next to where she had just sat down.

"Everything," she affirmed in a way that had his nether regions stirring.

It seemed his wife was kinkier than he had given her credit for and he sat down slowly. The mists in his mind that had hidden quite a few of the details of his encounter with Harry and Draco were slowly parting and he could only wonder at the power his lovely wife had over his demon half. He was so inviting Gackt over for dinner one of these days and letting his control slip to see what happened.

The End