Hot Cousin Humiliation

This past winter break my extended family went on an eventful cruise. The kids in my family consist of my two younger brothers and I as well as my two younger cousins. My female cousin Megan is a year younger than me and has recently turned into a bombshell. She was always cute but has now grown into beautiful teenage girl. She’s a junior in high school with dark brown breast-length hair, tanned complexion with big brown eyes, and a perky little athletic body. She’s a fun girl and relatively down-to-earth, though she is aware of how hot she is. She’s always looked up to me as I’m the oldest in the family and decently popular myself. But for the most part, she ignores my younger cousins and her little brother, all of whom are in middle school. That is, unless she’s teasing them.

Our vacation was going great and we were all having a blast. Megan was getting along well with all of us and was being real cool despite being the only girl. Though hanging around her in her sexy little bikinis was making me extremely horny – even if she was my cousin. On one of our shore excursions the group of kids went out on a zodiac boat trip in the ocean. We were grouped with another smaller group of sisters who seemed to be around freshman-sophomore in high school aged. Megan and I had snuck some alcohol onto the raft and were drinking a little bit as Megan was delighted to finally have the company of some other girls.

About an hour into the trip Megan was definitely getting buzzed. She and the sisters were giggling quite a bit and whispering to each other. Megan’s little brother, Ben, had walked out to the front of the Zodiac and directed the attention of my younger brothers. “Hey guys, take a pic of me doing the King of the World.” He directed them. He stood in the front and struck the infamous Leonardo Dicaprio Tianic pose.

While in the middle of his pose Megan snuck up while still giggling uncontrollably. In one swift motion she yanked his swimsuit down to his ankles exposing his bare ass to the sisters. “What the ...!!!?” Ben yelled in humiliation as he turned and exposed his dangling penis to everyone. The poor kid attempted to cover up and pull his suit back up but ended up tripping over himself and landed flat on his stomach with his bare ass still on full display. Needless to say the girls were dying of laughter at this point, and I was trying to hold back my laughter as well. Eventually, Ben got himself covered up. He stood up red faced and furious at his sister. He shouted out some more profanity at her and then pouted at the back of the boat for the rest of the trip, avoiding eye contact with everyone.

Once we got back to shore, he raced back onto the cruise ship and didn’t say much for the next few days. The adults asked what was wrong with him, but we just said he wasn’t feeling well in order to spare him any more humiliation as well as to spare ourselves from getting into any trouble. He eventually got over the whole situation and agreed to go on a hike with us through the jungle on the last day of our trip.

My brothers and I joined Megan & Ben on a trek into the wilderness. We all wore our bathing suits as the hike contained a nice little spring to swim in. We had reached the water and had some fun swimming and cooling off. I made sure to enjoy the last views of my scantily-clad cousin as she looked extra sexy today in her turquoise string bikini. But the hike back contained the real fun.

Megan walked back with a pair of navy blue cotton shorts over her biking bottoms and she carried the t-shirt she wore on the way to the spring. We reached a tree that Ben and my younger brothers wanted to climb. They had to lift each other up to the first branch as it was a decent height off the ground. I took some pics of them posing in the tree and my two brothers climbed down.

“Hang on I wanna try!” Megan said as Ben was about to jump off.

“nah c’mon we should get back.” Ben said.

“I’ll be quick, I promise! You guys got to do it.” Megan pleaded. She gave me an approving look. Seeing a chance to lift her up into the tree and cop some feels, I obliged. She got unto my shoulders and I my put my hands on her smooth thighs. She laughed nervously as she reached up to the branch and Ben helped her lift herself up. She stood up and grabbed the branch above her with her arms. Her legs and arms were now trembling as she looked down in fear. “Oh sh*t, this is much higher than it looks!” She muttered.

“Well why did you climb up, you know you’re deathly afraid of heights?” Ben said.

“Sh*t, help me down. I’m scared!” She trembled. I could see the wheels turning in Ben’s head as a large grin appeared on his face.

“Uh oh, sis…” He laughed. “Payback’s a bitch!” He untied her bikini top and ripped it off her chest, exposing her round young tits to us.

“OHMIGOD!! Seriously!?!?” She screamed as we all looked on at her tan lined breasts bouncing with every movement. She attempted to take one hand off the top branch to cover but she was too afraid. “Okay you had your fun and got your looks now help me!!” She whined. Her tanned cheeks now had a reddish tint from embarrassment.

“No way, you’re not getting off that easy!” Ben said. He put his hands on the shorts and yanked them down to her ankles leaving Megan in only her bikini bottoms. He grabbed the strings of her bottoms and paused.

“Seriously, I pantsed you for like 3 seconds! This isn’t fair!” Megan said. “Please don’t….not in front of them.” She pleaded while nervously eying me.

“What do you guys think? You guys wanna see her coochie?” Ben looked toward us. My two younger brothers nodded with anticipation. I stared at Ben, secretly saying yes, but too embarrassed to say aloud that I wanted to see my cousin naked. “I’ll take that as a yes!” He pulled the string and the bottoms fell helplessly off Megan’s waist, off the tree, and onto the dirt floor of the jungle.

“OHMIGOD!” Megan yelped as her knees buckled in humiliation. Her shaved clean pussy was completely exposed to us! It was tan lined as well with a perfectly symmetrical mound and slit down the middle. The best part was she wasn’t able to cover at all. She stood knock-kneed and trembling in full frontal buck naked mortification. It was f*cking amazing. We all closely inspected her tits and kitty as she begged for mercy. Ben certainly wasn’t granting her any as he was inches away from his sister, eyeing her up and down. Megan caught him peaking. “Seriously?!?! You seriously have a boner right now!?!?!? I’m your f*cking SISTER!!!!!” She exclaimed. I quickly fidgeted my own erection so she wouldn’t notice. Ben flushed red and tried to play it off.

“I don’t have one you b*tch!” He lied as he tried to hide it. He began shaking the branches up and down causing Megan’s perky titties to bounce all over the place.

“STOP!! STOP IT!!” She screamed.

“Alright Ben, that’s enough!” I said. I saw a golden opportunity to have Megan’s naked body against me and wasn’t about to pass it up. “Megan calm down before someone comes and sees you!” I commanded. I walked over below the branch where I could help her. I looked up from below and had a crystal clear view of her hairless slit.

“Please stop looking from down there.” Megan pleaded as she caught me staring.

“Sorry.” I said sheepishly. “Ben help your sister.” Megan began crouching down slowly with her arms still reaching above her head. This extended her torso and made her already amazing tits look even better. They were perky with soft little nipples that pointed upward. Ben put his arms around her waist – perhaps trying to help, perhaps trying to grope.

“GET YOUR F*CKING HANDS OFF MY ASS YOU PERV!” Megan shouted.

“Fine.” Ben said simply. He released his grasp and she fell forward, able to land on my shoulders. She adjusted herself. Her smooth little pussy was now pressed up against my neck. I reached around and grabbed her by the ass lifting her up over my head to let her down. As I released her, her soft body slipped through my hands and her ass pressed up against my stiff dick. She definitely felt it. My hands ended up inches away from her cooch.

“OhmiGod.” She giggled nervously and ran to pick up her bikini. I admired her perfect peach shaped ass as she ran away. For whatever reason, she turned back toward me and gave me one last perfect full frontal shot. She blushed red, but smiled as she slipped her top on. She left her buck naked vagina completely exposed for a few more seconds. I engraved its image into my memory before she was able to get her bottoms on. The shorts came on next and then the t shirt. Ben hopped down from the tree. “You’re a jerk.” Megan snapped at him.

“You did it to me…In front of strangers!” He said.

“For like two seconds! I was naked in front of them for like 10 minutes! And couldn’t cover!” Megan yelled.

“Well even when you could cover, you didn’t!” Ben pointed out.

“They’d already seen everything!...Boner Boy.” She said. They argued with each other the remainder of the hike back, but didn’t say anything about what happened once we got back on the boat. The rest of the trip was uneventful but Megan certainly acted embarrassed when she was around us knowing we had all seen her charms!
 