"Sometimes I call my lady mama, just to feel at home for a while". A song by Jude

               Incest in Fiction

Incest is supposed to be the ultimate inhibition, universally recognized and unconsciously observed. The quantity of incest fiction in archives like ASSTR is staggering. Incest is a significant kink element in pornography but serious literature also covers the subject frequently. It has been a powerful stimulus to our individual and collective imagination. It has made us shiver and wonder. After centuries of restraint, incest is finally a hit. Many novels insinuate relationships between siblings, and between parent-child.

It is implied sometimes that lying with a near relative ends in tragedy but according to Dr. Paul Gebhardm director of the Institute for Sex Research in Bloomington, Ind. "I'm having a hard time recalling any traumatic effects at all. I certainly can't recall any form among the brother-sister participants, and I can't put my finger on any among the parent-child participants." 

Some of the literature focus on the incest between father and daughter but problem with this type of relation is that it is often in the category of non-consensual. On the contrary the incest between mother and son is mostly consensual. Indeed, the taboo on sexual relations between mother and son is so deep, so all-pervasive, that many people, if asked where it had originated, would reply that it was simply "natural". 

Incest is a major element of the Sophocles play Oedipus the King, based on the story from Greek mythology, in which the title character unknowingly kills his father and marries his mother. This act came to great prominence in the 20th century with Freud's analysis of the Oedipus complex as lying beneath the psychology of all men. 

In many instances the relation occurs because the son becomes a substitute for the non-existent father. Many novels deal with the theme of mom-son incest. Given below are names and plot summaries of the some.


            [PENDENNIS by William Makepeace Thackeray]

In the classic 19th century novel, PENDENNIS, the theme of incest is strongly evident. Helen Pendennis, mother of the main character Arthur, seems to lust after her own son. Helen Pendennis, a lonely but sexually alluring widow, is very much aware that the object of her lust is her own son. She broods over her son's affairs, even throwing one young lady into the street because of her interest in the son. "I have no doubt there is a sexual jealousy on the mother's part, and a secret pang," Thackeray writes in PENDENNIS. 

Helen Pendennis is several times described as being in her son's bed. She is nursing him through an illness, "with her Bible in her lap." In the introduction to the book, John Sutherland insists that while the "holy book is significant" in this scene, "so is the part of the body it is covering." He also points out that "Helen posts herself by Arthur's bed, less a nurse than a virtuous dragon."



            [FLESH AND BLOOD by Pete Hamill.]   

Flesh & Blood describes the developing career of a talented heavyweight - Bobby Fallon, who begins training as a boxer in prison, where he's doing a two-year stint for assaulting a cop. While in the prison boxing program, he's discovered by Gus Caputo, a trainer at a gym on the outside, who sees the makings of a champion in Fallon.  Outwardly tough and unmovable, Bobby is tortured with memories of his miserable childhood, which included an incestuous episode with his mother.

Boxing and his Mom are really all that Bobby's got, his father, Jack, having abandoned the family when Bobby was just five years old. But Kate never divorced Jack, never entirely let him go, and seeks him out sporadically, a fact Bobby didn't learn until he was 11. Bobby is obsessed with both Jack and Kate. He loves Kate to the point of wanting to takes Jack's place in her life, but at some level hungers to know Jack, too, or at least the part of Jack that is also part of him. Kate, who sees her husband in her son, is torn between her own compulsions to substitute her son for the usually-absent Jack and the knowledge that fulfilling her desires will ultimately devastate her son. He has never had an intensely loving relationship with any woman other than his mother. According to the catalogue copy, theirs is "a love affair that readers will never forget."



           [THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE by Richard Condon]

 The novel portrays incest between Eleanor Iselin and her son Raymond and refers to earlier incest between Eleanor and her own father. The central concept of the novel is that (Raymond Shaw) the son of a prominent, right-wing political family has been brainwashed as an unwitting assassin for an international Communist conspiracy. Shaw's mother, Mrs. Eleanor Iselin, is the driving force behind her husband, Shaw's step-father, Senator John Yerkes Iselin, a bombastic demagogue in the style of Joseph McCarthy, who is dismissed by most people as a fool. However, unknown to everyone including Raymond, the Iselins are actually Communist agents with a plan intended to take them all the way to the White House. His mother is actually the American "operative" for whom Raymond is to affect the operation's final step. In the novel, Mrs. Iselin uses her son's brainwashing to have sex with him before the climax.


[PORTRAIT OF A YOUNG MAN DROWNING, the only novel published by Charles Perry]

The novel takes place in the slums of Brooklyn during the Great Depression, and follows the narrator, Harry Odum, from his early childhood to his death. His father, Hap, abandons the family, leaving Harold to be raised by his mother, Kate. Harold falls in with his friends from the neighborhoods, who take him along to participate in petty crime. He soon joins up with "Bug", the neighborhood kingpin, and moves his way up through the local crime syndicate. He eventually becomes the neighborhood mob's killer for hire. Meanwhile, Kate spirals deeper into alcoholism and mental illness, and grows ever more possessive of her son. Through it all, the only person Harold feels any love for is his mother; he develops an Oedipal complex and an inability to sexually relate to anyone without resorting to his alter-ego, Madden. In the guise of this other self, he rapes a local girl, Iris, with whom he later falls in love.

Harold attempts a relationship with Iris, but Kate threatens her away during a family dinner. The next day, Harold flies into a psychotic rage and rapes his own mother, who commits suicide. A dazed, traumatized Harold then goes for a ride with some of his partners-in-crime who, fearing his testimony to a police investigation, shoot him dead.


          [SAVAG GRACE by Natalie Robins and Steven Aronson.]
 
A fascinating book told in a long series of interviews with various people who knew the mother and son at differing points. It's a page-turner that could make a reader from the most dysfunctional family think, "Oh, mine was normal." The story is based on the true story of the dysfunctional, incestuous relationship between heiress and socialite Barbara Daly Baekeland and her son, Antony.

Savage Grace is the saga of Brooks Baekeland, heir to the Bakelite plastics fortune. As the family fortune begins to decrease after years of wealth, Brooks marries Barbara, who desires to mingle in the highest social circles. They have a child, Tony, who is homosexual. Tony grows up to kill Barbara, in part because Barbara takes a personal interest in "curing" her son of his orientation.


            [JOSEY ROSE: A Novel Jane Wood]  

The 11-year-old eponymous hero lives with his father, Willie, whose out-of-control alcoholic rages lead him to mistreat everything he lays eyes on. In addition to his father's anger, Josey's childhood is filled with mysteries. Is his long-absent mother dead or alive? Who is the beautiful Lily, whom Josey comes to love, who lives in a stone chapel in the woods and must, like Josey, bear Willie's physical and emotional abuse? As Josey gradually realizes his mysterious connection to Lily is that of Mom-son, he still wants to be with her in a "lovers" way.


        ["The Crime of Olga Arbyelina" by Andrei Makine.]

Olga Arbyelina is a princess who fled Russia during the revolution; now she lives in a town near Paris tending to her hemophiliac son, keeping ghosts at bay--an existence hollowed out by history. The town gossips obsess over her, making her into the prime character in their "game of a thousand voices." They "had a fleeting dream of figuring in a poignant melodrama called The Exiled Princess." When she is found lying next to a dead man on the local riverbank, her fame only increases. 

Olga's husband, a swashbuckling poet, left her in 1939, when their hemophiliac son was seven. Since then Olga has lived with her frail son among the other Russian exiles in Villiers-la-For?t. In 1946, Olga discovers she's pregnant, and travels to Paris for an abortion. Though she has a lover, the pregnancy puzzles her, since its timing doesn't match his visits. One day she spots her teenage son shaking something into the flower infusion she drinks before bedtime, and understanding floods her: he has been drugging her in order to enter her bed. Tormented by her fears for his future (he is sure to die young), and by dread of her own old age, she decides to let him continue his incestuous practice, pretending continued ignorance during the day, and feigning unconsciousness at night during his lovemaking.


  
            [GARDEN OF SAND by Earl Thompson.]

"A Garden of Sand" is an epic novel of one boy's journey through the depression as well as coping within the ultimate dysfunctional family. Jack, the protagonist of A Garden of Sand, is raised by his maternal grandparents in Wichita after his father's death. His grandfather is a proud, populist farmer on the outskirts of Wichita who loses his farm in the depression of the 1930's and moves into the city. Jack's mother becomes a prostitute, and Jack becomes the receiver of fisticuffs from his mother's thug boyfriend Bill, and the cynosure of store detectives' eyes.

The sexually precocious Jack is horny even as an infant and, once he gets a peek at his gorgeous mother who comes to reclaim him when he is eight ("Blood pounded in his head...the tip of his rigid little thing, sticking straight out, hurting in its hardness..."), his entire existence focuses on seducing her--which he does, several times before puberty, gradually casting Wilma whose "long legs seemed to grow right out of her high-heels" in the dual roles of mother and mistress. Thompson manages to make this incestuous relationship--the novel's dramatic core--credible, strangely inoffensive, somehow even touching, and fueled by an ambivalent mixture of sin and defiance. 

       "Are you mad at me?" Jacky asked afterwards. 

       She shook her head no. "Let me get up," she said, trying to rise. She opened her eyes and for the first time looked at the face near hers. She had borne him, this strange, hard, skinny boy with a look in his eyes she had known since he was only a few months old. She brushed back the damp hair that stuck to his brow. "This is crazy. You know that?" 
 

         [Little Oscar by Carmen Anthony Fiore]

 Although incest has been masterfully confronted in fiction, from Iris Murdoch's `A Severed Head' to Earl Thompson's `A Garden of Sand', such is hardly the case here. Writing in graphic and frequently illiterate detail, Fiore has produced a sordid account of a mother and son bound together in squalor. She's white; his black father died before he was born. She's a whore with a drug and alcohol problem, and he's growing up a tough street kid. Her boyfriends get too rough? Hey, no problem: the kid kills them off one by one so he can have Mom all to himself. Little Oscar is a boy with a man's perspective. He will protect his mother at all costs; from her loser man friends to the rough pimp seeking control of her in order to keep her safe and well--for himself. Even her bigoted, tight-ass farmer parents, who have hurt her and rejected her and him from the very beginning, end up a target of his youthful determination and wrath. The author, a former social worker (and, believe it or not, elementary school teacher), offers a veneer of social commentary throughout so we'll understand that Little Oscar is a product of his environment.    
 

          [Ma Mere (My Mother) by Georges Bataille.]

The story revolves around pious, young Pierre (Louis Garrel) who has just left a Catholic boarding school to live with his wealthy parents at their villa on the island of Gran Canaria. Pierre's father dies, leaving his mother, Hlne to care for him. Pierre soon learns, however, of the depraved nature of his parents.

While in a restaurant, his mother reveals to him that she has been unfaithful to her husband many times with his knowledge and feels no shame about it. She then insists that her son accept her promiscuous ways. Soon after this, Pierre finds a closet full of his father's pornography. His reaction is to furiously masturbate and then to urinate on the magazine pages. 

Hlne encourages her uninhibited sex buddy, Ra, to take her son's virginity. She does so but in public and on a concrete floor at Gran Canaria's Yumbo Centrum, a popular shopping and nightlife complex. Hlne looks on longingly as the partially clothed couple copulates with passersby raising no objections. Afterward, Hlne includes her son in an orgy with her friends, including Hansi, a sweet-faced young woman who later becomes Pierre's girlfriend. After the orgy, Hlne decides that she must leave her son to travel. While saying goodbye to Pierre, she implies that something taboo has happened between them and that she must leave to prevent it from happening again.

Upon Hlne's departure, Hansi enters Pierre's life as a friend. She admits befriending Pierre at Hlne's encouragement but denies receiving a fee from her. Their friendship blossoms into a tender romance and they both fall in love. After an extended absence, Hlne returns home with Ra in tow because Hlne has finally tired of her sexual adventures. Upon arriving, she finds her son and Hansi socializing at a bar near the villa. Hlne and Pierre greet each other by chatting and gazing into each other's eyes like lovers while Hansi looks on jealously. Finally, Hlne invites her son to sleep with her and he agrees.

      "Wrong is not what we're about to do. Wrong is wanting to survive it," 

      "You're my mother and my love," Pierre insists as he gazes lovingly at her.

Finally Hlne commits suicide in apparent guilt over her relationship with her son.




        [CHARLOTTE: the final journey of Jane Eyre by D M Thomas]

Prequels and sequels inspired by the classics are popular with readers who want to know what happened to their heroes and heroines before, or after, the existing confines of the narration. In Charlotte, D M Thomas entirely re-writes the ending of Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte.

As every Reader knows, the prim passionate governess married her man. By the time, Jane Eyre sat down to pen her story; she has already enjoyed 10 years of married bliss. The blinded Rochester has regained his sight sufficiently. Jane's cousins, Diana and Mary Rivers, have both married happily and respectably and St John - who took the news of Jane's marriage to Rochester stoically - has devoted his life to spreading the gospel among the heathen in India. Everyone is happy and, after all the emotional turmoil, most readers are content that they should be so.

Instead of 10 years of married bliss, Thomas's Jane only enjoyed two. When she had written to her cousins Mary and Diana Rivers telling them of her marriage and inviting them to stay, Edward Rochester surreptitiously read his wife's letter (with a magnifying glass) and then demanded to know why she lied to her friends - suggesting he concurred in her invitation when he would prefer not to have them near. 

Jane is so painfully pure that, even though she relishes the delights of the marriage bed, she is shocked to discover later that her marriage is, in fact, unconsummated. Men doing things with their hands do not produce babies. "I was still a virgin... It was unbearable, to have been so stupid. Unbearable, above all, not to have been able to stir the least desire in my husband." When she tries to discuss his impotence with Rochester, he rides over the moors to seek consolation with Grace Pool, and breaks his neck in a riding accident. Mr. Rochester later dies, leaving Jane still a virgin! Jane goes to Martinique also and fulfills her fantasies with Mr. Rochester's black son.




           [Dreams of a Weeping Woman by Leon Whiteson.] 

The novel is told as a &#64257;ctional memoir, written by Joel Bajamonde when he is an adult. It chronicles Joel's total surrender to his Mother, Leila, and her extraordinary erotic energies and unful&#64257;lled emotional needs. Joel's father, Max, is a paraplegic, injured in an automobile accident when Joel is ten and when Max, an architect is offered a job up north, the bizarre relationship between Mother and son begins. As the sensuality and highly charged sexuality of the Mother came through for her son, the reader was left realizing that she was not only uncontrollable but uncontainable in her sexual appetite for her son. Her husband also talks about trying to 'dumb down' her sexuality early on in their marriage. The sexuality was always there, simmering below the surface. It got transferred to her son. Joel's life becomes more complex when he takes up with a Rory, a fellow student and, quite abruptly, Leila moves off to France where she was born. After graduating from college, Joel travels to Granada to study Spanish, Rory follows him, and then urges him to seek out and confront his mother in Paris. He does so...and again becomes entangled in his mother's mysterious and incestuous powers!!!  

Over the years, the incest became love, the victims became lovers. We were left with 2 people who didn't know their roles anymore. The Mother ruined them both for other lovers. The story of incest became a love story. Leon Whiteson pulled it off by digging deep into the psyche of the Mother thereby taking the reader on a mesmerizing journey from illicit love to eternal love. 



            [THEATER OF INCEST by Alain Arias-Misson.]

The story is told by an unnamed protagonist who is seduced by his mother, which begins a life of incest with various female relatives. The three parts are "My Mother My Lover," "My Daughter My Other," and "My Sister My Sweet Witch." After his tender rape by a housemaid at age four or five, an incident he suspects inspires his incestuous yearnings, the narrator revels in the feel of his mother's silk underwear, seeks sex with older women at age 13, and by 16 is his mother's lover. Their feverish relationship lasts for more than two decades, until he beds his daughter (her mother is absent from the narrative) when she turns 16; he later leaves his daughter's boudoir for his sister's, and the reunited siblings settle into sensual middle-age cohabitation in Paris. 

While his perception is that he's identifying with his mother, then his daughter, then his sister---becoming them by merging his body with theirs---identity in this world is just another word for alterity, even as the lines between male and female, and gay and straight, fade into obscurity. But in the end the storytelling has far more to do with the self-obsession that can result from representations of reflexivity, especially when familial roles become performative ones. In the end, his passionate desire is so earnest that the reader is left to wonder if he is truly a monster or an innocent: who is directing whom?

.... 'The first true erotic opportunity did come a little later. I liked to think it happened when I was thirteen and she thirty-four........ I sneaked out of the cabin which I shared with my sister (my parents so ignored my burgeoning sexuality that they still put us in the same cabin!) with my shoes in my hands, and putting my jacket on again but not the bow tie, hurried back to her cabin, and waited for minutes outside the door, not daring to breathe, listening for any evidence of her presence inside. Finally I tapped very lightly, shocked at my own boldness, and heard her voice call out. I couldn't move until the door opened a crack and she stood there, looking surprisingly small without her heels on, wearing a nightgown that revealed the deep cleavage of her breasts. She opened the door wider and pulled me in; I was shaken by the brusqueness of her gesture, and inside the cabin I just stared down at her as she stood revealingly, her body outlined in the filmy gown. Then she took both my hands and placed them on her breasts.'




                  [TABOO by Tom Hathaway]
 
The author and his mother set out in 1968 to become "the Che Guevaras of sex." As he reports in TABOO: A MEMOIR, it began in the psychedelic aftermath of a Rolling Stones concert when he was 18 and she was 36. Back home after the concert, stoned on mescaline, they started dancing to the Stones' records, and one thing led to another. 

The next day they both felt guilty, but guilt was unhip. Stopping the guilt was easier than stopping the sex. When the world didn't fall in on them as they had expected, they kept doing it. 

Perhaps to justify their incest, they saw themselves as sexual subversives working to overthrow patriarchy. Rather than a crime against nature, their affair was cultural anarchism in action. 

The mother was a radical from the Beat Generation days, so a rebellious lifestyle was appealing to her. She had raised the son alone and was now a career woman, a left-wing lawyer. 

The father was a deadbeat beatnik poet who had become a drug dealer and gone to prison. But when dad was paroled, their troubles began. He wanted back in the family, and when they rebuffed him, he suspected what they were up to, then caught them at it and tried to blackmail them. They managed to outsmart him, though, and send him back to prison. 

Tom and Diana eventually got married in a private ceremony and stayed together until her death from cancer. "I still miss her terribly," he writes. "My life feels incomplete. I seek her in my dreams.]


In The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things by JT LeRoy, five-year-old Jeremiah is physically and sexually abused by his prostitute mother.

In Ken Park, a 2002 drama based on Larry Clark's journals and stories, an incestuous relationship develops between the protagonist and his biological mother. As a result of this and other socially sensitive material depicted in the film, an uncensored version of the movie has been made unavailable in many countries.

<><>


Next in line and perhaps most popular is brother-sister incest. This type of incest is mostly consensual. Given below is only the name of novels that deals with this type of incest. 

Pierre, or the Ambiguities - H Melville

The Sound and the Fury - William Faulkner

Ren is novella by Franois-Ren de Chateaubriand

Eustace and Hilda - L.P. Hartley

Ada   or Ardor      - V. Nabakov

The Cement Garden - Ian McEwan

The God of Small Things by Arundhati Roy

Hotel New Hampshire - John Irving

Man without Qualities - Musil

Flowers in the Attic - V. C. Andrews

All of It - by Jeannette Haien

"Mercy of a Rude Stream" BY Henry Roth 

"A Song of Stone." BY Iain Banks' 

Moon Tiger - Penelope Lively

Twins by Bari Wood and Jack Geasland

Beautiful Kate by Newton Thornburg
 
Fade by Robert Cormier

Invisible by Paul Auster 

The Kindly Ones written in French by Jonathan Littell

Outer Dark by U.S. writer Cormac McCarthy
 
"Picture Palace" - Paul Theroux
  
Family Outing, by Alison Habens

A Spell of Winter by Helen Dunmore

The Left Hand of Darkness  - Ursula K. Le Guin

The Other Boleyn Girl - Philippa Gregory

Wideacre by Philippa Gregory.

A Little Demonstration of Affection by Elizabeth Winthrop

The Shadow of the Wind features - Carlos Ruiz Zafn

"The Happy Hunting Grounds" by Nana Tepper
 
A Severed Head 1961 novel by Iris Murdoch

Sleeping Dogs by Australian Sonya Hartnett.

The Holy Innocents by Gilbert Adair

Unto the Soul: A novel by Aharon Appelfeld

Shadowing Hannah by Sara Berkeley

The Mists of Avalon by Marion Zimmer Bradley

Josie and Jack: by Kelly Braffet

The Magic Toyshop by Angela Carter

Aztec by Gary Jennings

The Ventriloquist's Tale by Pauline Melville

"Relations" by Caroline Slaughter

The Family - Mario Puzo

Queen Ehlana  - David Eddings

White Horses, BY Alice Hoffman

Damage - Josephine Hart

The Shadow of the Wind - Carlos Ruiz Zafn









