Vinnie leaned against the elevator wall and rubbed his eyes. His meeting with McPike had not gone well. Something about Frank's manner had put Vinnie on the defensive almost immediately and the conversation had not flowed smoothly. Frank had been reservedly pleased with the information on Mahoney Vinnie had collected -- but as Frank pointedly reminded him, Mahoney wasn't the target.

Despite the gut-level defense mechanism that kicked in whenever Sonny was mentioned, Vinnie wanted to bring Steelgrave in. That had been his goal, and he couldn't abandon it just because he and Sonny had shared a bed last night. Or so he told himself, while he secretly thrived on the memories of how perfect touching Sonny, sleeping with Sonny had been.

Maybe McPike was right -- that he was in danger of losing his perspective. The trouble with Sonny was that perspective didn't get you very far. It was as if he were seeing Sonny through a kaleidoscope -- turn the mirror and the glint in the conqueror's eye became an inviting wink; the hungry smile of greed became an easy-going laugh.

The elevator doors opened and Vinnie walked into his darkened suite, loosening his tie, heading for the bar. He reached for a glass and stopped. Something had sent his senses into overdrive. He stared across the room. Sofa, chairs, lamp, television were all black silhouettes against the window. One of the silhouettes said softly, "How was your date?"

Vinnie let out a breath. "Christ, Sonny. What are you trying to do? Scare me to death?"

Sonny switched on a lamp. He was dressed in a navy blue suit and an improbably colored tie.

Vinnie concentrated on pouring two drinks. "I'm sorry if I kept you waiting."

Despite Sonny's unmistakable enthusiasm and open proposition that morning, Vinnie didn't know what to expect. He figured Sonny would have changed his mind in the interim.

"I just got in," Sonny told him. "I took Heidi from Accounting out."

Vinnie took a drink over to Sonny and sat on the sofa, keeping his eyes on anything but Steelgrave.

"So, how was your date?" Sonny asked again. "Did you get lucky?"

Vinnie glanced over. Sonny graced him with a knowing smile.

"I'm back this early. What do you think?"

Sonny set his glass aside. "That doesn't mean anything--"

"Trust me, in this case, it does," Vinnie interrupted, wanting to drop the subject of his "date" with Frank McPike. "You must have better things to do than stop by to find out how my evening went."

Sonny frowned a little. "You want me to leave?"

Vinnie wanted to say yes. He wanted to master his feelings for Steelgrave. Following his inclinations could only lead into some dark, uncharted territory, making his relationship with Steelgrave all the more dangerous. Ultimately, however, that was part of the attraction.

Restless, he paced back to the bar, toying with his half- empty glass. He finished his drink, started to pour another but set the bottle aside and looked over at Sonny, who sat quietly in lamp light and shadows, watching him.

"Want something?" Vinnie asked, a little edgy, not liking the silence. Sonny rose and brought his glass to the bar. He tapped it, frowning, eyes lowered. Vinnie reached for the bottle.

Sonny struck fast, pushing him into the wall and pinning his arms. The kiss came hard and swift. Sonny pressed up against him, forcing his lips apart, practically biting him. After an initial resistance, Vinnie relaxed and welcomed the kiss, sucking on Sonny's tongue until Sonny pulled away with a low moan.

"You make me so horny, I feel like I'm sixteen again," he whispered, his hot breath tickling Vinnie's ear. One hand picked at Vinnie's tie. "I've been thinking about this all day."

Now that he was holding Sonny again, Vinnie admitted to himself that he, too, had thought of little else. He pulled Sonny's tie loose and untucked his shirttails, plucking at the buttons. He ran a hand over Sonny's undershirt and pinched a nipple through the fabric. Sonny bit his neck lightly in retaliation and drew back. His eyes darted to the bedroom and back. Vinnie wanted him so badly he was tempted to throw Sonny to the floor rather than waste 30 seconds moving to the bedroom.

Sonny took hold of Vinnie's trousers, slipping his fingers behind the fly, and tugged at them, steering Vinnie toward the bedroom door. Vinnie stumbled backwards, so turned on by the insistent desire in Sonny's eyes he didn't care where he ended up. Sonny tugged on his trousers again and Vinnie stopped. Body brushing against him, Sonny pushed him into the bed and descended upon him, wrapping his legs around him and filling his mouth with another predatory kiss.

Vinnie struggled to get Sonny out of his jacket and shirt, and started for his trousers when Sonny grabbed his hands and held them down against the bed. Vinnie was trapped beneath him, burning up in his suit as Sonny licked his neck and nibbled on his ear. He felt Sonny's erection pressed up next to his through the layers of clothes and tried squirming against it so Sonny would release him.

"Mmmmmm," Sonny murmured. His hands tightened their grip on Vinnie's wrists.

"Sonny, please," Vinnie whispered tightly, anxious to get out of his clothes, get Sonny out of his.

"I wanna give you a blow job," Sonny purred. Vinnie stopped struggling, consumed by an atomic heat. Feeling the sudden, urgent motion of Vinnie's cock, Sonny gave an evil chuckle. "Oh yeah, I think you'd like that," he whispered. His eyes glittered and he smiled mischievously. "I want your cock down my throat. I want you to come in my mouth."

Vinnie wriggled desperately. "Sonny, stop it," he said hoarsely. "I'll come in my pants." Sonny simply chuckled again and blew into his ear. "This is an $800 suit!" Vinnie protested.

Sonny lifted his head and looked at him. "So?" he asked, eyebrow twitching.

The pause in the teasing gave Vinnie the opportunity he'd been waiting for. He pulled his hands free and unzipped his trousers. Sonny sat astride him, stripping out of his undershirt. Vinnie shrugged out of his jacket, unbuttoned his shirt, and reached for Sonny, letting his fingers dance over Sonny's fly. Sonny grabbed his hand and shoved it between his legs.

While Sonny unzipped his fly, Vinnie squeezed his balls and pressed his palm against the base of his cock. Sonny started peeling away Vinnie's trousers and undershorts, brushing them down far enough so Vinnie could kick them off. Vinnie's hands moved into Sonny's pants and gave his cock an inviting tug. Sonny slid off him just long enough to remove the rest of his clothes, then he was back again, sitting over Vinnie. He stretched out, blanketing Vinnie, and rested on his arms. He thrust his cock against Vinnie's and Vinnie arched his head back. Sonny gave his throat a slow, succulent kiss.

Vinnie clutched Sonny closer, holding onto his hips as Sonny ground against him, his cock hard, heavy, warm. Hands melded to flesh, gasping, panting, soaked with perspiration, moving with haphazard rhythm, Sonny's body shook as he climaxed, liquid heat rushing forth as he buried his face into Vinnie's shoulder. Vinnie's hold tightened as he locked his legs around Sonny's pressed his cock, slick with Sonny's come, against Sonny's belly, rubbing furiously, and ejaculated. Breathing deeply, Sonny shifted experimentally, knee resting against the slippery surface of Vinnie's thigh, one hand sliding over Vinnie's midriff, sticky with semen.

"This is disgusting," he said, watching his hand. Vinnie blinked and focused on Sonny's face, laughing softly at his look of distaste. Sonny raised an eyebrow. He brought his hand up and cupped Vinnie's face with it. Vinnie winced.

"Yuck."

Sonny gave him an evil smile and lifted his chin to kiss him. Vinnie parted his lips and Sonny shoved his thumb between them, lips pressed to Vinnie's. Vinnie bit down hard in protest. Sonny pulled away, laughing. He pat Vinnie's cheek.

"We're pretty good together," he said, rising. Vinnie watched him pad out of the room, noticing for the first time Sonny was still wearing his watch.

Alone on the bed, Vinnie stared up at the ceiling, wishing he didn't feel so great. This wasn't supposed to happen. He wasn't supposed to be attracted to Steelgrave, and even though he was, he wasn't supposed to act on it, and even though he did, he wasn't supposed to enjoy it this much.

Sonny returned, cleansed, and stopped in the doorway. He leaned against the doorjamb and his eyes raked over Vinnie's body.

"Mmpf. Now that's a sight," he remarked. With difficulty, Vinnie rose and sat on the edge of the bed, watching while Sonny started dressing. When Sonny stepped into his trousers, it finally hit him that Sonny meant to leave.

"You're going?"

Sonny paused, fastening his fly. "Yeah. Sure. Why not?" he answered, giving a little shrug.

Vinnie didn't know what to say. He didn't want Sonny to leave, but the thought of Sonny staying scared him to death.

"Yeah, okay," he said, mumbling. Sonny had his shirt on now. He picked up his jacket and shoes and started for the door. Vinnie willed himself to stay quiet as Sonny left.

-----

A week later, and Vinnie was cursing himself for ever stepping into this trap. A week of Sonny popping up on his doorstep for a quickie and beating a hasty retreat before Vinnie could even catch his breath. Every night Vinnie told himself that this one would be the last, that he wasn't going to jeopardize his code of ethics just to become Sonny Steelgrave's toy-boy on the side. And every morning he was greeted by Sonny's broad smile and winks and knew he was doomed. He loved Sonny. He loved him so thoroughly, so deeply, he was shocked and dismayed at himself -- and pissed off at Sonny for obviously not feeling the same.

The argument over Joey Romanowski gave him an excuse to harden his heart against Sonny -- although he shouldn't have needed one. It apparently gave Sonny an excuse, too, because his unannounced visits ceased, although his manner towards Vinnie didn't change. Vinnie almost wished it had. This closeness without the physical relationship exasperated and frustrated him. He chose to keep as much distance from Steelgrave as he could, keeping his attention on the two corrupt cops Sonny had on his payroll.

The preparations to bring Vinnie into 'la famiglia' came as an unwelcome distraction. Sonny made his opinion of the ceremony quite clear. He thought the whole thing was an outdated bit of voodoo, but he was not prepared to cross Don Baglia, so the ceremony went on as planned. Vinnie relaxed, sharing Sonny's private jokes, unable to resist Sonny's magnetic attraction.

Then the evening exploded into fragments: Sonny's hand clutching an envelope of damning photographs, Joey Romanowski holding a gun at Sonny, Frank shooting down Joey, a Patrice smirk, "It's not my good side." Another night drenched in blood, and another night Vinnie wished he'd never met Sonny Steelgrave, had never seen that there was more to the man than greed and death.

That night he went to bed with Joey's pained and ruined voice echoing in his ears, but when he closed his eyes he saw Sonny's sly smile and suggestive wink.

-----

Five nights later Vinnie was awakened in bed by a breath on his shoulder. As he slowly let go of sleep, he was aware of a presence, a heat, next to him.

"Sonny? Is that you?" he asked, feeling a little silly speaking to the dark and still not quite sure this wasn't a dream.

A hand reached between his legs and slid into his underwear.

"You'd better hope it's me."

Vinnie relaxed. He spent a few seconds wondering if he was relieved or disturbed by this impromptu visit, while Sonny's hand pulled life into his cock. Relaxing further, letting himself be lulled by Sonny's seduction, he closed his eyes -- and saw Joey Romanowski in a hospital bed.

Moving away from Sonny's grasp, he said irritably, "What do you want?"

Sonny curled up around him. He was naked, very warm, and the touch of his skin felt wonderful.

"We never celebrated," Sonny replied, drawing a finger over Vinnie's throat. "You getting made," he elaborated. "I brought champagne."

Vinnie did not want to celebrate that bad memory. While he considered what to say to Sonny, Sonny kissed his neck and ran his hands over Vinnie's thighs. Vinnie squirmed, trying to decide which would be worse: give in or pretend like he didn't want to.

His body was giving in already, intoxicated by Sonny's caresses. Clutching Sonny's neck, he pulled him into a deep, long kiss. Sonny tugged at his underwear, fingers teasing his cock. Letting go, Vinnie pulled out of the kiss and sat up.

"No. You can't do this."

"Do what?" Sonny asked, peeling Vinnie's undershorts past his ankles.

"You can't just drop in like this anytime you want to. What is it with you anyway? For the past week and a half it's like I don't even exist."

Sonny lay back and sighed. "Yeah, I know. I'm sorry about that. But this thing with you... I don't know, it's going so fast. My head's spinning, man. I see you, I want to touch you. Like all I can think about is getting you into bed. It's not what I'm used to."

Vinnie glanced over. Sonny was staring up at the ceiling, quiet, thoughtful. Vinnie lay back down, clasping his hands behind his head.

"Tell me about it. I don't normally sleep with my bosses, y'know."

Sonny ran a hand over his face. "This has been one strange fucking year. I lose my brother. Everywhere I look someone's waiting for me to fall. I got Pat-the-Cat breathing down my neck... He sends me that pencil-neck geek Royce... I find out I'm a fag... I dunno, Vinnie. Is this what they call a mid-life crisis?"

His tone was light, but Vinnie could tell he was serious. He desperately wanted to wrap his arms around Sonny and tell him everything would be all right, but he couldn't do that. He couldn't make that lie sound believable.

"I feel like this is all my fault," he confessed. Sonny shifted to look at him.

"Hey, I'm not blaming you." He softly touched Vinnie's cheek. "In fact, I'm not sure how I'd handle all this without you. I need you, Vinnie."

Vinnie stared into his eyes, drawn in by the stark tenderness they revealed. He took Sonny's hand in his and held it loosely, and kissed Sonny sweetly. Sonny responded by burying both hands in Vinnie's hair and deepening the kiss, weaving their bodies together. As they melted into one another, Vinnie reflected that it hadn't been this slow and sensual since their first night. This wasn't just sex for a quick release -- this was making love.

The tip of Sonny's tongue was exploring Vinnie's ear. "Let's do this all night," he murmured.

"All night?" Vinnie asked, a little doubtful but thrilled by the prospect. Sonny quietly chuckled.

"Yeah. If you can last that long."

-----

Vinnie woke up just in time to see the sun rise over the Atlantic. He got up, threw on a T-shirt and sweatpants and wandered from the bedroom, leaving Sonny sprawled peacefully across the bed, asleep.

The daylight illuminated everything with startling clarity. The sharp white outline of the bar was broken up by a black shape, a champagne bottle. Vinnie picked it up, smiling at the sentiment, set it down again and went over to the window. Far below he could see the city coming to life -- a few specks moving on the sidewalk, a couple of trucks and a bus moving up the street. For a moment he wished he were down there with them, wished he'd never even heard of Sonny Steelgrave, much less fall in love with him.

He should not have let Sonny stay last night. He should not have let Sonny seduce him so easily, so unerringly. He'd known this would be a mistake from the start, that there'd be consequences. He thought he could live with them; now he wasn't so sure.

And the trouble with Sonny was that despite his open enthusiasm for their relationship, Vinnie still couldn't be certain where he stood with him. Sometimes it seemed like this was just a walk on the wild side for Sonny, and Vinnie was his willing plaything. Other times, he caught glimpses of something deeper, the raw edge of need, a need to love and be loved. And worst of all, it didn't really matter to Vinnie what Sonny's motives were -- he wanted him so badly, he'd give in every time.

He'd made excuses for not walking away -- told himself he had to complete his job, that to try and leave was tantamount to suicide -- but the ugly truth was that he didn't want to leave Sonny. So he stayed, plowing on the only way he knew how, loving Sonny while plotting his downfall. Reveling in the trust Sonny had in him while guiltily using that trust to construct his betrayal.

It wasn't right, it wasn't pretty, it wasn't noble. It was love -- tantalizing, inexcusable, painful love -- and it was a nightmare.