my name is ramamoorthy...all call me as " rams"...my wife
jayalakshimi....."jaya"......very horny...she is from andra.. from
childwood ...i have incest brought-up.so it has come to my son also.
my son name is raju. his age 13 to 14.my wife age 38 my age 43..

oneday i came from the office. i saw my son's cycle in the parking
place.when i went ....i did not see my son..i heard the sound of
bathing from the bath room.all on a sudden i had  my honry
thoughts.... i want to go in the bath room when my horny hot wife was
taking bath.  without making noice...i slolwy...( removing my shoes)
when i neared the bath room...i got frozen becoz of shock..becoz my
14 year son was peeping thru the key-hole of the bath room and trying
to watch his chubby mother. seeing this scene....i got my cock very
hard..becoz i am a wife watcher..means...i love to see my wife
getting fucked..it is fantasy in me so long...when i saw my own teen
age son  was peeping his own mother naked in the bath room ....i got
my cock to burst(more or less) by the sexual feelings of this type of
incest sight...without making noice..i retreated...from the there.
but i did not tell any thing abt this to my wife or to my son..i was
afraid  if i tell this to my wife she may get angry and beat my son
very badly..i did not ask anything abt this to my son. i wanted to
see and enjoy this incest this drama.

within a week i saw another incident...like this..one sunday
afternoon...me and my wife chatting in the bed room..my wife
said..she wanted to piss..i told her," may come with u and help u in
this regard?" becoz...i always gracy to see my wife pissing nakedly
in the toilet with her spread thighs pushing forward her bulging cunt
after my every fucking. sometimes  i used to show my face or cock or
balls on her yellow piss shower. after her pissing there will be some
piss drops on her cuntal lips..i like too much to lick and taste
those piss drops and push my  tongue in her cunt.. some times i chew
her clit also.she will get horny agin and force me to fuck again.

now i have to tell u abt my wife..her name is jaya...a little
chubby...76kgs...36c.. boobs(mola)...36-28-38.. buttacks,,(soothu)
38...thighs seem to be thunder thighs..wellshaved cunt.(punda nalla
uppikittu periya boori maadhiri riukum).highly educated...working in
the same car company wher i am working..she is 9incompleted) CA. she
earns more..more property from her parents side than me..so
automatically she is very head-weighted lady and arogant and
adament..she is from andra..good looking very hrony lady she is incest
( having sexual contact with her younger bro..who is in  USAand comes
on vaction every 3 months like that..) before marriage we had a clear
talking abt our weakness on our both sides... so we came to a mutual
understanding not to enter other's margin. when i did two time..she
has gone for divorce..and i tried my level best thru her lawyer and
convinced her by giving promises..that is another story..now let us
go to the present story...ok....?

becoz her piss drops.... already my cock would have gone to a stage a
like steel rod..so i will thrust my cock in her cunt there-itself
furiuosly and fuck her in the bath room as if there is no tommorow.
so i wanted to do this time also like that...but when i open my bed
room door ...i saw my son peeping the toilet where his mom was
pissing..and  he was massing his cock forcibly..giving strokes to his
young cock..

i came to bed room and waited for my wife.when she came i told her
what i saw for last one month..i expected she may burst out like
volcano.. but she queitly told me.." i know it"..i got shocked...i
asked her'" jaya...u know it? that means....u allow yr own son to see
yr naked body? u want to make him gracy after yr 36c boobs with black
nipples and juicy hot bulging cunt?"...my jaya said...."look here
dear...do not talk as if u r saint...what u did in yr 13 age?...u
forgot....? yr widow mother was angry with u when u saw her
naked?..no...not at all..."as is the father  so is the son"..more
over...in sex we are broadminded...u too BI (like to suck cock) if we
punish him now...the results will be negative..he will seek bad
friends and go with them and get spoiled. do u wish our only son get
spoiled becoz of our hasty and idiotic decision? what is that we are
loosing?  nothing......am i right?    he is getting joy...u  are
getting hard..and fuck me well...i am also happy in  showing  my body
to a young stud...and get my cunt hot...more over how long u can fuck
me? another two years..then u will get fed up with same cunt...and u
will seek for another cunt...me also.....i want a spare young one to
fuck me.. let it be our son...the matter will not go out side of our
4 walls..moreover if he has sexuall contact with me..in future even
after his marriage.... he will keep me cool and will not hate me
listening his wife's words...these are the + points ..plz think it
over...and take a decision..."...i got stunned listening my wife's
words..she is 100% right...so we had a discusion..and came to a
conclusion...that is ...to give a part to our son... in our sex
play...

after two weeks.....one day..i called my son...and put some books
before him...all i took from his his table hidden place..he got
shocked..i told him not to worry..i gave him one BF video casste..i
told him to see it and enjoy well. i told him " raju...daddy knows
all...i know u r gracy after mom...nothing wrong it...but keep yr
concetration on yr studies well..if u get  the 1st rank...in coming
examinations...daddy will give u a free sex show with yr favorite
sexy mom......ok?..."

another 3 months he studied..studied....day and night....and the
results  came...he was 1st of all the 7 sections...me and my wife
became very happy..i wanted to keep up my word...regarding this i
talked with jaya my wife...that horny bitch was ready then and
there..to speard her thighs for her son....we waited for night..

after lunch....i closed all doors and windows..and called my son to
my bed room...the BF was going on video and TV...my wife was hiding
her whole body in a blanket.in the bed. i had lungi only ....my son
raju entered the room...he looked both of us...he saw the TV
running...it was an incest movie... in it...a matured mom was sucking
her teenage son's cock...the son was massging her big boobs...i
called my son  nearby .i removed his half pant and T-shirt one by
one...

my wife was over joyed to see her own son naked with new young stud.
i knelt down before raju....and push back his cock foreskin...i
licked his cock knob. slowly i swallowed his full cock and i brushed
myface on his balls. he moaned....becoz i am BI sexual i  love
sucking cocks.... i wanted to teach my son ..my wife slowly got up
from the bed..and pulled  him towards her...she kissed him on his
lips...she put his hands on her big boobs..she pressed his mouth on
her erected nipples..he strated chew her nipples like kid.in the mean
while after my nice sucking his rod has become steel like
rod.....then i raised my wife nighty upto her waist..jaya spread her
thighs widely.....with her two fingers she opened her cuntal lips and
told my son..." this is yr mom's heaven( sorgam) this is the place
from where u came to this world..so far excpet yr dad no one has seen
this holy secret gate of mine...now kiss the gates and and chew the
clit ..some juice may be coming..u drink it..... it is good for the
growth of yr cock..now how dad is enjoyimg me and my cunt...then u
can follow..ok dear....now in this chair with yr naked spread thighs
and shake yr cock  and see this..."..jaya clled me to fuck her....i
was already nude and jaya  removed her nighty in front of her son and
husband. she volenteerly spread her thighs and parted her cuntal
lips..she pushed two finger in her cunt and dipped them with her
juice and called her son to lick it..raju said...." mom yr juice is
very tasty but  y it is a little salty?"..i asked jaya to keep a
position like dog. i took my tool and brushed it against the ass hole
and cunt way...
i told raju.....and feel dad's cock...he took my cock and without
hesitation he started to suck nicely.....as he has seen so many BF he
sucked me like a whore.in the mean while jaya let him sit on her so
that his cock was in her mouth and he was busy in sucking my
cock..raju....said " dad plz.....i want yr 1st semen in my
mouth..fill my mouth ..i will share it with mom...if u pump now yr
semen in my mouth u can fuck mom for 2nd shot for a long time....so
pzl spray yr seeds in my mouth dear  dad...if i get married...i will
let U..fuck my wife after my 1st fuck was over..."....hearing
this ......i  was   not able to control  my  seed...i maoned and
cried out.." jaya..it is coming...dear..so speed it is
soming...raju....open yr mouth widely all my seed is coming a jet
flow dear...." so saying i came... came.... came.... a lot in my
son's mouth..i do not know how much my son drank my seed but not even
one drop i saw out side..at the same time my wife pulled him  to
wards her and pressed her mouth on his lips and sucked my juice from
his mouth..i became tired. so i lied next to jaya..jaya
told "raju .... come in between her thighs".....she guided his young
stud in her awaiting cunt..and told him to push it in side..at the
same time she gave a upward push.....it was a nice fuck..she told him
to chew her nipples and crush her boobs..raju started fucking her
like a bull..all on a sudden jaya pushed raju down wards and she came
upwards and started fucking him furiously..jaya cried of joy..."
raju.....fuck me fuck me hard...mom's cunt is for u..enjoy it...do
not show mercy on me....tear my cunt...i will be naked the whole
day...when ever u get hard u fuck thereitself...this is  yr
cunt...dad has transfer this cunt for u...till u get married... u can
enjoy mom as u like ..see my cuntal lips are holding yr cock a lie a
vice-girp..so my cunt is gracy after yr cock..hereafter u fuck mom as
u like and dad will watch and enjoy it...raje....fuck mom... and
spray yr seed in mom's woomb ...and mom will get pregnent..mom like
to have a kid from u..... raju..........ok..ok..fuck  fuck ..fuck u
son of a bitch....harder..harder...." hearing all this my son was not
able to control himself and bust out like a stream.....in my wife
jaya's cunt..i did not see not even a sinlge drop of his semen out
side...all gone in her woomb...Bitch ..her cunt was so
thirsty...after the seed gone out my young son ...he  became very
tired and he was not able to move from her body...but jaya pushed him
down wards and she she covered his body with her  cunt and her whole
chubby body hugged him  and kissed him she pressed her boobs on his
face and he tugged his legs around his mom's waist...i also slept
along with them ...we do not when the dawn came....but we enjoyed
that night.....plz send yr coment to ranee_002@... this
will be a tonic for the writers like us.....thank u......








