Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga
by neverdoubted 

Author's Note: This story is part of the "Dare Me" universe and is set after chapter 11. While The Lost Swimsuit Saga can be read on its own, you may want to read the main story first to better understand the characters and backstory.
~ND
*****

Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 1)

The day before our first ever Jenkins family vacation, I was a bundle of nervous energy. For my sister and I, there were so many new things to experience. We have never been on an airplane before. We had never been to the beach or even seen the ocean. We would be surrounded by new foods, new people, and new sights and sounds. It could hardly believe it was really happening.

Truthfully, it almost didn't happen. Our plans were originally much more extravagant due to an unexpected windfall of cash, a severance package mom had received from work. But through a series of unfortunate mishaps, our original plans had to be pared down significantly. Still, I was determined to make the most of this new experience.

The night before our flight, my sister couldn't sleep and came into my room. It was so late that on a normal night it would have woken me up. But I was too excited and couldn't sleep either. So, I sat up and we talked about the upcoming vacation. I was not surprised when she changed the subject to her dare.

To call my sister a daredevil was an understatement. She had been coming to me asking for, and performing, risky dares for some time now. And no matter how much I upped the stakes, she kept coming back for more. It was practically a hobby for her by now. No, it was something more than that. It was like an unfillable need deep inside her.

I knew because I had seen it manifesting firsthand. I had hoped it was just a phase that she would grow out of as she matured. But if anything, the onset of puberty had only amplified her urges. I had tried to break the cycle, make her stop cold turkey. But when that backfired, I stopped fighting it and accepted my role as her Daremaster.

Don't get me wrong. It's not like I didn't enjoy every second of it. Even at her young age, Lucy was already a world-class specimen who turned heads wherever she went. Who wouldn't enjoy dreaming up creative ways to separate a burgeoning blonde bombshell from her clothes?

I had come to accept that her affliction could manifest at the most inconvenient times. I had to tolerate being woken up in the middle of the night on occasion, for example. I had done some things to mitigate her most bothersome tendencies. But I had yet to break her of one annoying habit: anxiety over uncertainty.

When she was in the middle of a dare and knew I was planning something, she just had to know about it. The uncertainty drove her crazy and she would go to great lengths to find out what it was. So, that night when she asked, "can you at least give me a hint?", I rolled my eyes.

I told her to go and try to get some sleep. With a huff, she turned to leave, but then paused and asked another question.

"Could I at least, um, you know?" she requested with her hands clasped sweetly in front of her, “it would really help me sleep."

At this point you may be wondering why my sister was asking me for permission to masturbate. It's not like I would have known or been able to stop her if she just went off and did it. So, how did I become the gatekeeper over something so personal and intimate?

It's hard to explain, but long story short, that too had become part of her dares. I had somehow learned that without gratification, the affects her daring experiences could be amplified. Delaying her sexual release until the end was the most reliable and long-lasting way to satiate that unfillable need deep inside her. The easiest way to deny her that pleasure was to simply make it part of the dare itself.

Since she was technically in the middle of a dare right now, she was not allowed to touch herself down there, no matter how badly she needed it. And I didn't feel any pity for her at the moment. It's not like I forced her into this one. She always picked the most inopportune times to request it. I would have been completely happy to go off on our vacation without having to juggle this responsibility. But she just had to hijack the whole thing with those two little words: dare me.

"You know the answer to that, Goosey," I replied with another eye roll, using my nickname for her which she hated. Then I added a warning, "now go to bed. I swear, if you don't let me sleep, you will regret it."

She looked disappointed but left after that. I rolled over and tried to calm down and sleep. But my brain was too engaged and hyperactive. So, I tried to dream up some ways I might be able to embarrass her on our trip. The obvious low hanging fruit would be our time at the beach. I'm sure she was looking forward to lounging around in her new swimsuit. Even though she still had a lot of growing to do, the proportions of her young body were already perfect. She was proud of how quickly she had outgrown her training bras and moved on to real ones, for example. And she spent so much time jogging, her legs and bottom were sculpted into something that would make a supermodel jealous.

Even with an intimate front row seat to her spectacular and rapid physical development, it never ceased to amaze me. Needless to say, after watching her perform so many naked dares, I knew her body almost as intimately as she knew it herself. I had seen her naked so many times by now, she was no longer shy around me. It's possible she even engaged in more risky behavior knowing I was behind it. Maybe she felt safer somehow and trusted me, a responsibility I did not take lightly.

Although nascent sexuality was simultaneously blooming all over her body, there was one area in which she still trailed behind. I very recently learned that she had yet to grow pubic hair of any kind. Perhaps somehow, I could find a way to use that knowledge to embarrass her on the trip. Smiling at that idea, my mind started to wind down and my eyelids got heavy. I was just about to drift off when my impending slumber was disrupted once again.

"Mikey?"

"WHAT!" I growled back at the disturbance in the doorway. She was on thin ice.

"Sorry, I just needed to check my outfits," was her soft reply, "I don't know how many pajamas I packed. How many will I need to bring?"

To save money, we were in the same suitcase which happened to be in my room. It was a large, brand-new suitcase. Since we were only going to be gone a few days, there was enough space for us both to pack together. Although, she took up three quarters of the space.

With a sigh I reluctantly turned on my nightstand lamp so she could see what she was doing. I instructed her to make it quick and turn the lamp off when she finished. Then I turned my back and pulled up the covers. I heard her tiptoe over and unzip the case. The quiet rustling made a decent calming effect, kind of like white noise, and my tense muscles started to ease again.

But just as sleep started to descend, she said a little too loudly, "Do I need to bring more skirts? Or should I just stick to shorts? What about dress shoes?". That was the last straw. I was about to get up and throw her out of my room when my eyes snapped open, and I realized what was really happening. She wasn’t asking for trip advice. She was probing me about her dare, trying to figure it out so she could be prepared. Now I was really angry!

I exploded from my bed and literally roared at her. "You don't need to bring any more shoes!! You don't need more pajamas or shorts or anything!"

She backed up as I loomed over and began rifling through the open suitcase. I saw she had packed far too many things. I counted three pairs of pajamas. Three! And she wanted to bring more?! But more importantly, she was defying me. I started pulling whole, carefully folded outfits out of the suitcase and dumping them on the floor as I spoke.

"You just had to try and control it, didn't you?" I did not expect or wait for an answer. She just cowered

I kept going until I had extracted every single outfit she had packed; every article. Even her underwear was now piled up in a mound on my floor. You may think I was being a bit harsh, but you don't know my sister. Unless I sent a clear message who was in charge, she would continue to walk all over me, and I would have no peace for the rest of the trip. We were going on a freaking beach vacation, and she was worried about dress shoes?!

"I warned you, but you just couldn’t let me sleep. Now you're going to regret it. Tomorrow you will wear your new dress. When we get to the rental and start unpacking, you'll tell mom you accidentally forgot to pack your clothes, but you don't care because you can just wear your swimsuit the whole time. Now, if you don't go to bed and let me sleep, I may not even let you bring your dress."

"You wouldn't-" she started to argue, but my withering glare made her stop short.

"Just try me" I challenged, slamming the suitcase closed and stomping back to bed. The last thing I saw before I switched the lamp off was Lucy standing there in shock with her eyes fluttering.


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 2)

Late the next morning, we headed for the airport. Today was mostly just a travel day. We had two flights with a layover in between. There was an outside chance, if we made good time, that we could be on the beach by evening. But I wasn't counting on it. I took charge of our meager money supplies. We had enough for meals and miscellaneous expenses and probably a few souvenirs if we were careful.

I kept the money in my new school backpack along with some other essentials. I'd had to replace it recently when my old one sort of exploded. It's a long story. I intended to keep close watch over the money as we traveled. We couldn't afford to waste any more than we already had. Fortunately, I had read that they would let me take it with me on the plane as something known as a "carry-on bag".

Lucy was wearing her new dress as instructed. She had originally bought it when we were planning to go to Fiji. But it still worked for our new subtropical destination high in the Gulf of Mexico. It looked great on her frame, but I could tell she was nervous about leaving all her other clothes behind. She had just gotten a haircut for the trip. It was short and barely reached her shoulders now. She was wearing it down for the flight, but I suspected she had plenty of other cute hairstyles planned.

Before we left, she caught me inside the house and begged to at least let her bring her swimsuit. She had just got it this week, her first ever bikini, and had really been looking forward to wearing it. I had seen her laying out in the backyard in it while trying to get a base tan and she did look amazing in it. It's like her body was built for showing off swimsuits. The two separate pieces of fabric accentuated the long hourglass of her stomach in ways a childish one-piece could never accomplish. It would have been a waste to leave it behind. So, to her great relief, I grabbed it and stuffed it in my carry-on. At least it didn't take up much space.

I made sure to handle our suitcase when we arrived at the airport, lifting it out of the trunk of the car personally. It was much too light now and I worried if mom picked it up, she would notice something was wrong and make us go back to retrieve Lucy’s missing outfits. But once we got it checked in at the airline counter, I was able to stop worrying about it.

After that, it was on to our gate. Airport security was nothing like it is today. The whole experience was actually rather enjoyable. The first flight went by without incident, and I even got the window seat! When we landed, we ate lunch in the airport and spent our layover marveling at the sights within the expansive concourse like obvious tourists.

We reached our second gate in plenty of time only to find somewhat of a commotion. Apparently, there was a mix-up with the tickets. I overheard someone accusing the airline of overbooking the flight, whatever that means. Mom's name was randomly called over the intercom to come to the gate counter. They asked if she would be willing to take a later flight in exchange for some cash. She had already traded her ticket in before I could stop her. I intervened and insisted they couldn't split up our family like that. I swear, that woman will do anything anyone tells her to!

Fortunately, they had room to move all three of us to the later flight. So much for making it to the beach today. They said they would have to split us up, though, since they didn’t have three seats together. But at least one was a first-class seat. I accepted the offer and gave it to mom. Lucy and I still ended up on the same row, so it wasn't too bad. The coach section of our plane was six seats across with an aisle down the middle. That put only one person between us. Having taken the window on the first flight, I let her have the window this time and took the aisle seat.

The third person arrived, a nice-looking middle-aged man wearing a suit and tie. His name was Tom, and he was quite friendly. He said he traveled all the time and was on his way to Orlando for a business conference. I caught him stealing looks at Lucy, but for her that sort of head-turning was nothing out of the ordinary.

When he figured out we were siblings, he graciously offered to trade seats with me so we could sit together. He even showed us how to use the stewardess call button and bought us upgraded snacks with his black traveler’s card! He was being so nice, I just had to give him something in return; something to remember us by. But what could two poor siblings possibly offer someone like him?

Just then Lucy turned to gape out the window at something and her dress slid up her legs until her panties were almost showing. I noticed Tom sneaking a long look at her fine legs and knew right then and there how to pay him back for his generosity. I was going to make him part of her dare and give him a thrill of a lifetime!

When he got up to use the restroom, I told Lucy my plan. She shook her head vigorously but relented when I reminded her about the dare. Unless she wanted to fail, she had to play the part she was born to play; a persistent and precocious little sister who gets herself into trouble.

When he got back, she started tugging on my sleeve and whispering in my ear insistently. This was all part of the act. I brushed her off several times, but she kept doing it enough times for Tom to be distracted by the minor sibling squabble. Finally, I pretended to cave to her badgering and turned to Tom.

"Excuse me, Mr. Tom," I got his attention. Then placing the emphasis on 'little', I said, "my little sister just got a new swimsuit and she can't wait to try it on. We're going to the beach today and... she's never seen the ocean. She's just too excited to wait. Do you mind?"

Had she been a little child, like maybe four or five, it would not have been that unusual to let a girl change in the middle of the airplane. But this was no five-year-old. That's what made my challenge so perfect. She was at that ideal age where she could still pass as a young girl, but she was plenty old enough for her developing body to make a lasting impression and to know shame and feel the embarrassment of exposing herself. Still playing the part I had ordered, Lucy flashed him one of her hopeful, innocent smiles - the one she knew people could never say "no" to.

She squealed with delight when Mr. Tom agreed and started to get up. But I scrambled over him and insisted he stay seated. He had already done so much for us. Now he just had to sit there and enjoy the show. I opened the overhead bin and took extra-long searching for my backpack. Then I looked down and made forceful eye contact with Lucy, silently insisting she get on with it, or else!

She unbuckled her seatbelt. Then, in a single swift motion, lifted her dress off her body. She had to pretend being so impatient to get changed that she couldn't help but start taking her clothes off. Naturally, her undressing motion attracted the attention of other people. There was a family of three taking up the rest of our row. Sitting in the seats across the aisle from us were a mom and dad and their teenage son. The mom was wearing one of those sleep masks and appeared to be sedated. Her head lolled to one side, and she was drooling.

The son looked to be about my age, maybe a bit older. He was nerdy with large glasses and had kept his nose in a book the whole flight up to this point. The dad was perusing the in-flight magazine. With me standing in the aisle, it had to be impossible for them to see anything. But when my sister's dress came off, they somehow innately sensed it and turned to look anyway.

The dad was more subtle about looking. He would turn his head and cough, only able to catch enticing glimpses of the young lady nearby who was now down to her underwear. The son was less subtle. He was sitting six seats away from her at the opposite window, but he leaned forward and craned his neck to try and see around me. A cute girl undressing was infinitely more interesting than anything his boring old book could offer.

"Can you hold this, Mr. Tom?" she asked innocently, holding out her dress to him as I had instructed. Mr. Tom cleared his throat and took the dress, trying to keep his eyes trained above her shoulders. He held it uncertainly with his palms up, like a tray of sleeping snakes.

Now in just her bra and panties, she noticed the two new pairs of eyes watching her intently and blushed. It embarrassed her enough to be flashing her clean, white undies to them, but the show was far from over. After all, everyone knows you can't wear underwear with a swimsuit!

I found the backpack and, keeping it up in the overhead bin, rifled around inside with my hands above my head pretending I was having trouble locating her swimsuit. Lucy looked up at me, perhaps expecting me to deliver her suit before she finished undressing. But I met her gaze with a stern look which reinforced what she had to do. She would get no reprieve from me. Forced to play the part of the innocent, but impatient little girl, she next reached behind her and unclipped her bra slipping it down her arms like flashing her growing breasts like it was nothing.

Mr. Tom's eyes went wide as her gorgeous little mounds came into view. A noticeable tan line separated her bikini's base tan from the creamy white skin of her bare chest. The skin beneath her recently removed bra which never saw the sun and wasn’t meant to be seen by anyone else was creamy white and made a nice contrast with the pink of her nipples. Then, before she lost her nerve, she stood up as best she could in the tight space and quickly pulled her panties down.

Her underwear was nothing special; a simple white bra and panty set. I'm sure she had not expected for anyone to see them today, much less see her holding them in her hands. But she should have known better. Like her dress, she laid her underwear on the pile Mr. Tom was holding then sat back and kicked her legs like an innocent child would, not bothering to cover up anything. She kept a perky smile on her face to match her perky nipples, but I could tell from the blush on her cheeks, that under the surface she was experiencing a whole flood of emotions.

I saw her teeth gritted beneath her painted-on smile and her shoulders were tensed as she sat there naked, impatiently waiting for me to deliver her swimsuit. Rocking back and forth from the motion of her legs, she put on a spectacular nude show for the audience of four (including myself). She willed herself to endure it, expecting her exposure to only last a few more seconds. But when she reached up to tuck a loose strand of hair behind her ear, I saw her hand trembling. Under the surface, that naked girl was barely keeping it together.

I could also tell Mr. Tom was uncomfortable in his new role as her clothing handler. What would it look like if someone happened by to see a naked girl happily sitting in her seat and him sitting next to her holding all her clothes? Deciding Lucy could wait a couple seconds longer for her suit, I next moved to relieve him of his uncomfortable burden. In short, I took her clothes off his hands. Folding the dress around her chaste white underwear, I stuffed the whole kit into my backpack.

Then, just to tease her a bit longer, I made an exasperated sigh and told her I was having trouble finding her suit. When I made eye contact with her, she stared at me with desperate pleading eyes, silently begging me to hurry it up and end her humiliating exposure. I nodded encouragingly, but her urging did nothing to sway me. I wasn't about to let any discomfort on her part influence my timing. I was proud of her performance, though. Judging by the bulge in Mr. Tom's slacks, I knew his opinion on the matter.

Once I figured she had suffered enough, I turned to look back inside the backpack for real. I saw her suit and was just starting to reach for it, when suddenly the entire plane violently lurched downward. My stomach felt like it was in my chest. I stumbled a bit, my heart racing, as a sound intoned, and the "fasten seatbelts" signs lit up all around the cabin. A flight attendant made an announcement that, due to turbulence, everyone needed to close overhead bins, sit down immediately, and put their seatbelts back on.

Lucy watched in horror as I, momentarily scared for my life, slammed the bin closed, latching it with an ominous click, and dove for my seat. Not until I had fastened my seatbelt and looked over, did I realize what I had just done. Her clothes were sitting just above our heads. But latched securely inside the overhead bin, they might as well have been a million miles away.

Her hopeful smile turned to shock as the full realization of her nude predicament sunk in. Suddenly reduced to flying in nothing but her sandals for an unknown period of time, her naked legs stilled and she turned to stare unblinking at the back of the seat in front of her. Her eyes began to tear up and above the hum of the engines I could just barely make out a high-pitched "eeeeeeeeee" escaping her lips as the naked girl sat there and pondered her fate.


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 3)

Overcome by the humiliation of losing her clothes, naked Lucy started to cry. Real tears ran down her cheeks as she sobbed. Mr. Tom, thinking it was the turbulence that had scared her, tried to reassure us. He said he flew all the time and this one actually felt pretty mild. He pointed out the window at the cloudless sky and said we were nowhere near a storm. The pilot was just being extra cautious, and he predicted the alarming signals would go out soon.

But it didn't abate her crying. The waterworks were really flowing now. The enormity of being completely out of control and stuck without access to her clothes was just too much for her. It was one of the last places you would expect to find a naked girl. The only rational explanation was that she perhaps resembled an insolent child throwing a naked tantrum. But even that pretext was a stretch. I felt for her.

Part of me wanted to help her. But how? I had no more control of the situation than she did. I did consider taking my own shirt off and loaning it to her temporarily. But I talked myself out of it. For one, it would have just felt too weird to be riding in an airplane without a shirt on. Could you imagine the uncomfortable stares? The more I sat there watching my naked sister bawl, the more I justified not helping her. She had brought it on herself. I decided the real best way to help was to use this as a teachable moment.

Her nude performance had attracted a very attentive audience now. The man across the aisle and his geeky son had given up all pretense and were now staring at her naked body. I let her continue for a couple minutes, then leaned in close and whispered in her ear, too quiet for Tom to hear.

"Remember last night when you wouldn't let me sleep and I said you would regret it? Do you regret it now?"

She nodded through uncontrollable sobs. The bubblegum pink caps on her perky boobs made a tantalizing display, jigging up and down with every sob.

"And are you sorry?"

She nodded again.

"Good," I said comfortingly but also strict, "now, if you want your clothes back, here's what you're going to do. First, get ahold of yourself. You lost your clothes for a while. So what? It's time to act your age and stop crying. Second, I think the nice young man across the aisle has been worried about you. I'm pretty sure he at least wants to meet you. Show me your manners and give him a friendly smile and wave to let him know you see him and that you're doing better. He's been watching you for a while now and seems particularly interested in your cute little boobies. So, make sure he gets a nice good look so he'll never forget them.

Now, this last part might be a little tough, so take your time. But whenever you're ready, I want you to apologize to Mr. Tom for your little tantrum. Then, find a way to ask him about getting a bikini wax. Make suer he gets a good look down there so he can form an opinion. Once you've done that and they turn off the “fasten seatbelts” signs, I'll get your clothes back. But if you haven't done it by the time we land, I might just make you walk off the plane and all the way through the airport dressed like you are right now. Understand?"

She nodded one last time, then squeezing her hands into fists, she forced herself to stop crying. she continued choking back sobs for a while, but eventually wound down. With a few lingering sniffles, she wiped the tears from her cheeks as best she could, but her puffy eyes were still pretty red and her bottom lip was quivering.

Then she turned her head to the right and glanced across the aisle. I thought she was about to complete part two of her assignment, but when she saw the boy, I guess she chickened out. She snapped her head back around to face forward with a bright blush and closed her eyes. I let her sit in silence for a few minutes and wrestle with the task ahead. Every second she stalled only prolonged her exposure, and the flight had to be winding down by now. The clock was ticking.

Now that she had calmed down and was sitting still, I saw her make a little involuntary shiver. That's when I noticed the goosebumps (Gooseybumps, lol) forming all over her body. Even in my comfortable clothes, shorts and a tee shirt, I was a little chilled by the round vent blowing cold air from the ceiling. I couldn't imagine what it must have felt like having her poor little naked body constantly inundated by the chilling blast. I didn't know enough about flying at that point to even realize you could close or redirect the vent if you wanted. She may have been covered in goosebumps, but the cutest bumps were the two plump pink buds poking proudly from her perfect chest.

Finally summoning enough courage, she bit her lip. Then she leaned over and looked across the aisle. The boy's eyes, which had not left her naked body since this all started, bulged until they were as big as his glasses, as the cutest girl he had ever seen acknowledged him. True to my instructions, she let his eyes feast on her naked chest complete with stiff little nipples, then she flashed her patented bright Lucy smile and gave him a cute little wave "hello" with her fingertips.

The boy raised his hand in response, but I don't think his brain was quite working fully at that moment, because he forgot to wave back. Her requirement fulfilled, she leaned back in her seat and looked blankly ahead, letting her hair fall down over her face to hide her blush.

She sat in silence for a couple minutes after that, probably steeling her will for the next portion of her task. Then she leaned over and tapped Tom on his leg.

"Um, Mr. Tom," she said with big round penitent puppy dog eyes, "I’m sorry I threw a fit and ruined your flight."

"Oh, not at all, darling!" he replied. Then he started to brag, "believe me, I've been traveling a long time! There's nothing I haven't-" he was about brag about how he had seen everything on his travels but caught himself when he realized this encounter with my naked sister had no equal in his memory. In fact, as long as he lived, he was unlikely to ever again see a girl on his flight willingly take all her clothes off like this and just decide to fly naked next to him.

He stumbled, then managed to sort of make a coherent conclusion to his thought, "ahem, that is, quite...all right."

Having patched things up with good old Mr. Tom, she now only had one task standing between her and her clothes. But it was the hardest task of all. She would have to draw his attention directly between her legs! She sat in palpable silence, trying to figure out the best way to breach the subject.

Before our trip began, she had asked me if I thought she needed a bikini wax. One of her friends at school had bragged about getting one before some fancy trip to Hawaii. But it only took the briefest glance to tell Lucy didn't need one in the least. It was only after a more thorough manual inspection that I had been able to detect even the slightest hint of hair between her legs. But discussing bikini waxes with a sibling or trusted friend was quite a different matter than some random man you just met on a flight!

After that big, first bout of turbulence, things had settled down for the most part. So, when I felt the plane slow and start to tilt gently downward just then, I guessed correctly that it was not due to turbulence. The plane was clearly making a controlled descent. That meant she was running out of time.

When it dawned on me that Lucy might actually fail her last task and run out of time, I started to make a contingency plan. I had threatened her with walking off the plane and into the busy airport in just her shoes. As hilarious for me and embarrassing for her as that might be, I doubted I could pull it off without getting into trouble. But I hated to let her off the hook and give her clothes back if she failed her final task. It would make my future threats toothless.

Finally, once the captain came over the intercom to say we were on our final approach, I gave in. I pressed the button to call the stewardess over like Mr. Tom had taught me. She was scandalized to see my naked sister shivering beside me. I explained the reason for the call. Emphasizing the "little" again, I recounted the story of how I had been in the process of getting out her new swimsuit when the turbulence hit, and I had panicked. Then I asked if I could please get into the overhead bin and retrieve her clothes. I apologized for not asking sooner but explained I didn't want to be a bother. It was our first plane trip, you see.

I had not lied one bit in telling my story, but she still looked at me dubiously. It wasn't every day you come across a situation this odd. But once Lucy, thinking she was about to get her clothes back, wholeheartedly confirmed my story, the lady was inclined to believe it.

"I'll gladly help you in any way I can, sweetie," said the stewardess, "but it's not safe to open the bin or stand up during final descent. You'll have to wait a little longer. As soon as we've landed, I promise you can get right into the overhead bins."

Lucy was devastated to be watching her salvation walk away after having come so close to getting her clothes back. Her shoulders slumped and she shivered her naked body in cold defeat. Tears welled up in her eyes again as it must have felt like her exposure would go on forever. I knew how much she hated to be cold. So, when the stewardess unexpectedly returned with one of those complimentary airline blankets, I relented and let her take it.

It was a tiny thing, just big enough to wrap around her shoulders, and thin, so thin you could still tell she was naked underneath. But at least it was an improvement over total nudity. I hated it.

"I hope you like that blanket, " I whispered in her ear, "because if you don't finish your task by the time we get to the gate, that's all you'll be wearing the rest of the day."

Wrapped around her shoulders, the blanket only came down to her belly button. If she needed to, she could rearrange it to cover most of her private areas, but with that cold air blowing down on her, she needed it for warmth, too.

It would have been quite embarrassing to wear through the airport. But Lucy, having spent every ounce of her reserves just to keep from breaking down into quivering sobs during her naked ordeal, couldn't seem to summon enough willpower to make her body perform the last task. Completely spent, she did no more than huddle beneath her blanket, clinging to that little scrap for modesty for the remainder of the flight.

A little while later, the landing gear went down with a 'thunk'; the last indication before landing. As soon as we hit the runway, the "fasten seatbelts" light went off and people seated nearest the aisle started to leave their seats.

When we reached the gate, an announcement was made instructing everyone to gather their belongings before deplaning. For Lucy, that was a quick task. She looked down at her shoes, her only remaining belongings, then back at her blanket. As bad as it had been flying naked, I think the finality of landing and the very real prospect of being sent out into the airport with no clothes spurred her back into action.

The aisle was now full of people waiting in line for their chance to exit. Several were treated for the first time to the strange sight of the nearly naked girl still huddled in her seat. Her lower half from the waist down was still bare, but due to her seated position she wasn't flashing as much down there. She squeezed her tiny blanket tightly around her upper torso and tried to avoid eye contact.

As the rows ahead of us emptied, I was finally able to get out of my seat, reach into the overhead bin, and retrieve my backpack. I pulled it down but pointedly made no move to open it or get out Lucy's clothes. She must have been holding out hope that I would cave at the last second and let her put something on even though she hadn't completed her task. Once she saw that wasn't happening, she unbuckled her seatbelt and stood up as best she could. The rows had emptied front to back and it was almost our turn when she finally spoke up.

"Um, excuse me, Mr. Tom," she called out just as he was turning to leave. Now that she had his full attention, she blurted out the humiliating question I had been waiting for. "My friend Alexandra says you have to get a bikini wax if you're going to wear a swimsuit at our age. She says it's the best way to keep your hairs from poking out down there. Only, I don't see any hairs. Alexandra said the wax really hurts and I don't want to get one if I don't need to. Can you help me decide?"

Every ear within range tuned in when the subject of bikini waxing came up. And every eye around us turned when she opened her blanket and thrust out her pelvis to provide a visual aid. It was blatantly obviously she didn't possess a single hair down there, but still she stood at attention baring her perfect little mound. Other than a new sheen of moisture, there was nothing coating her bald pussy lips. Still, she waited for him to render his verdict.

The mom of the family across the aisle from us had slept through the entire flight. When she saw my sister open the blanket to reveal her fresh new womanhood, she was not amused. She was especially unhappy at the way her husband and son were leering at the girl's plump little puckered pussy and shooed them along down the aisle to their great disappointment.

Mr. Tom was temporarily speechless by the incredible display but eventually recovered enough to respond. Probably to satisfy his own curiosity, he asked her how old she was. When she answered "twelve and three quarters", he declared, in his opinion, that she was still too young to be getting bikini waxes and that she had nothing to worry about.

Then he added to me, with one last long look at the virginal pink petals just starting to bloom between her legs, that as her brother, I might want to invest in a stick to beat the boys off; adding, "On second thought, you may need a whole bundle of sticks."

I thanked him for the advice, and we said "bye" to Mr. Tom. Then, she was relieved when I got out her dress. She scrambled to put it on, finally ending her seemingly interminable period of naked humiliation. I got out her bra and panties. But instead of giving them to her, I wrapped them in the blanket and tossed them into the overhead bin saying that was her punishment for stalling so long. Having already removed her spare underwear from our suitcase before we left, that meant she would have to make do the rest of the trip without any underwear at all.

We reunited with mom outside the jetway then retrieved our luggage from baggage claim. Stepping outside, I was struck by a wall of humidity. Even Lucy, after all she had endured on that flight, momentarily forgot about her recent naked ordeal, and was re-energized by the warm air. She spun around, gawking at the palm trees growing all around us and nearly flashed her naked bottom in the process. Even though we still hadn't seen any sign of the ocean or a beach, it really did make us feel like we had arrived in paradise. Now that we were really here, our Jenkins family vacation could finally begin!


