BBQ and Strip Beer Pong
byDCdoneright©

BBQ and Strip Beer Pong Ch. 01

Welcome to one of my stories! My ex-girlfriend said I should share some of these crazy stories with the world. At the time, I never bothered but now with the pandemic I have a lot more time on my hands, so...enjoy! I have changed the names to protect everyones privacy, but the rest of the story is 90% true and 10% filling in the blanks of minor details that I don't remember.

So, this one took place early in the wonderful and wild summer of 2013. I was dating a fun and crazy girl named Kristen. As memory serves, I was 31 and she was just a couple years out of college at 25. Kristen had two groups of friends. One were her college friends, who I would learn could be a little bit wild. She also had a small group of "lifestyle" friends (more of those stories later). She was cute: about 5'5" and blonde with a nice body. She was tons of fun!

After we had been dating for a month or so (and already had a couple of wild adventures together) she invited me to a memorial day BBQ that one of her college friends was throwing. She told me that her friend's parents had a farm about an hour outside of town and every year on memorial day they had bbq, booze and fun. She said this was not a particularly wild group, but that we were welcome to spend the night and could still have plenty of fun in our room. I was a little bummed it wasn't her "wild" friends, but the evening still sounded fun so we went. And I am so glad we did!

So, fast forward to the day of the BBQ. We drove out to the country and I remember thinking that we had gone way farther out than an hour but once we got there I understood the appeal of the place. The farm was gorgeous and they had tons of land. We brought a lot of booze and when we got there we realized we should have brought food because there was a ton of booze but almost nobody brought food. There were probably 25 or so people total, slightly more women than men. I quickly figured out that Kristen had been in a sorority in college because the makeup of the party was clearly 14-15 of her sorority sisters and 10-11 assorted boyfriends. Seemed like a fun group, and thankfully the weather was perfect so most of the ladies were wearing halter tops or tank tops and short shorts. Overall, they were a very cute group! The guys mostly seemed nice although most of them were a little younger than me. Probably about 25-26 on average. Still, they seemed like a fun bunch and we set up shop in the back yard playing some beer pong and getting the BBQ ready.

The afternoon went on for awhile like that, and you're probably wondering when the excitement started. So, fast forward to about 7:30pm. We had been drinking for 4-5 hours at that point and it was still daylight out but the sun finally dipped behind the house. A couple of us guys were chatting when we noticed a commotion near the beer pong table and noticed one of the girls in the game had taken off her shirt. So of course, we had to go investigate!

When we got over to the table, I found Kristen and her college roommate Megan engaged in a game of strip beer pong against two of their sorority sisters. And just like that, the evening got a whole lot more interesting! We apparently caught them very early in the game. Kristen and Megan still had all their cups and all their clothes. The other girls were named Christine and Emily, and were missing one cup (and Emily's shirt).

A little about the girls...I mentioned earlier that Kristen was a medium-height dirty blonde and as often seems to be the case, her sorority house roommate Megan could basically have been her twin sister. Both girls were around 5'5"-5'7" and nice, curvy builds. Kristen was a healthy C cup and Megan looked about the same. Both girls wore form-fitting tank tops and butt-hugging short shorts. Christine and Emily were both cute brunettes. Christine was a little taller at about 5'9", and had a slim runner's body. Emily was between Christine and the other girls height-wise and figure-wise. Not as curvy as Kristen and Megan but as slim as Christine.

Christine and Emily were missing one cup, and Emily was in her shorts and bra. Christine had a tank top and shorts similar to the other girls. It looked like the girls each had started with four articles of clothing, so eight cups for each team meant that the losing team would be naked.

Emily blushed a little when she realized how much attention she attracted by taking off her shirt. Quickly, the entire group centered around the beer pong table. The guys, for the most part, we just stood and watched. None of us were quite sure how to act so we just kind of enjoyed the view and hoped for the best. The girls seemed to delight in teasing each other and were quite excited for the game. Every shot suddenly got exciting, and even though the girls were all pretty terrible at beer pong there was a sudden excitement in the air. After 2-3 turns from each team we finally saw someone make a shot as Kristen sunk a shot and everyone cheered.

"Take it off! Take it off!" the girls chanted as Christine blushed while she drank her beer. She took a look around, took a deep breath and pulled her tank top over her head. Instead of a bra, she had a camisole on and her nipples were clearly poking through it. The other girls took note and started making jokes about how it must be cold out, which only made her blush more.

However, all of that teasing must have really inspired Christine and Emily because on the next turn, they made BOTH of their shots! Now the game was really starting to get exciting. First, Megan drank her beer and pulled her tank top over her head. She had on a white bra and her lack of a shirt showed off her belly button ring. Next, I remember Kristen looking at me for approval and I just smiled and laughed and then she pulled her tank top over her head. We hadn't dated long but I had already figured out that Kristen was a bit of an exhibitionist so I figured she was going to enjoy every minute of this game.

After not being able to hit a single shot the first couple of rounds the girls suddenly figured out how to play. Now, almost every round featured a sunk shot and the clothing started flying! After another 10 minutes, it was still basically daylight out but now we had three out of four girls in just their bras and panties (Christine still had her shorts on).

I must say, for a group of girls, they were quite experienced when it came to trash talking. Teasing each other about how scandalous their undies were, or how they were about to win their clothes. The game really notched up a level when Megan hit another shot and Christine slid out of her shorts. Now, all four girls were in their bras and panties and we realized that either the game was going to end here, or things were about to get very interesting!

The next round was very tense, as the girls were having fun but clearly neither team wanted to be the first to show their tits. We were all wondering how far this game was going to go. The girls were down to their bras and panties, but the girls were still covered up similar to bathing suits. It occurred to me that if Christine or Emily hit a shot next, it was Kristen's turn to strip. My best guess was that she wouldn't chicken out of taking off her bra but the other sexy adventures we had together were with her wilder friends and maybe she would be shy around her college friends?

Well, we found out on the next round. Emily threw a shot that bounced off the table but Christine sank her shot! Everyone cheered and all eyes were on Kristen...just the way she liked it. She blushed and picked up the cup to drink her beer and I could tell she was deciding what to do. Her friends chanted "Take it off!" at her, and she looked at me. I just laughed and gave her a nod and she reached behind her back and unhooked her bra, and let it fall into her hands, and then tossed it aside.

For a second, everyone was pretty quiet. I think everyone was unsure of what she was going to do, and then in mild disbelief when she suddenly stood in front of us all topless. Her nipples were rock hard and I could tell that she was majorly turned on by all the attention. I mentioned earlier that she had a nice pair of C-cups and they looked great that night! It was still just a little bit of daylight left and we all had a great view of her tits.

Not wanting to be the only topless girl, she hit her next shot and so did Megan. Now things were really getting exciting! First, Christine drank her beer and slid off her camisole. Her boobs were a little smaller than the other girls, with her runners physique but they were still nice and round, and perky. She blushed as we all stared and her nipples became rock hard like Kristen's. Then Emily drank her beer and reached around to unsnap her bra while she was still drinking. All of a sudden, it was hard to figure out where to look! Everywhere you looked, there were great boobs on display.

We had answered the question of if any girls get topless but we were still wondering if any of them would get fully nude. Christine and Emily both missed their shot so we didn't get to see Megan's boobs yet but you could feel the excitement building. Kristen missed her shot in the next turn, but Megan's shot hit the rim of the cup and bounced up two or three times before sinking, and everyone cheered!

Christine and Emily couldn't believe it. A few minutes before, they were both still covered and watching their friend be the first one to show her boobs but now they were both topless and realized they either had to chicken out or one of them would be getting naked! They discussed and decided it was Christine's turn. She blushed and asked "Do I have to?" to which all of her girlfriends around the table shouted "YES!". As soon as she had her beer in her hand, Emily reached over and grabbed her panties and pulled them down. She did her best to hide, but there was still enough sunlight for us all to have a good view.

So now we knew that the teams would indeed be going all the way as Christine stood naked in front of us for a minute and then said "Ok, let's get this game moving again!" and got ready for her next turn. It was as if being naked had suddenly sobered her up and improved her aim, because her shot went straight into the cup in front of Megan! Of all the girls, Megan was probably the most shy, and was the only girl who still had her bra on. She didn't protest, but you could tell she didn't enjoy the attention as much as the other girls. She simply reached behind her, unsnapped her bra and tossed it onto the pile. Her nipples quickly hardened to match the other girls, and she waved her hand at Emily as if to hurry her up, to which she asked "Why, whats the rush?" It looked like Megan was trying to get a word in but Emily threw the ball anyways, and boom! Just like that, we were about to have a second naked girl!

"Hey Kris, come join me in the nude!" Christine shouted while everyone chanted "Take it off!". Kristen acted like she was embarrassed but I knew she had been waiting for that moment the entire game. She pouted for a minute and took her time to drank her beer and made sure everyone was watching as she hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her thong and bent all the way over to slip them off. Everyone cheered for her being so bold and putting on a little show for us, but Megan just laughed and gave her a smack right on her bare butt. This drove everyone wild, and Kristen acted shocked but I knew she loved it. Her rock hard nipples and freshly waxed pussy were visible to the entire party and she made no effort to cover up.

Each team now had one naked girl and one girl still in her panties. These were very competitive ladies, and they really wanted to win. Kristen and Megan stared at Christine and Emily's last cup, and tried their best to block out the big group staring at their bodies and focus on making their shot. Megan shot first, and it bounced right off the table but Kristen's shot went right into the last cup which sent a cheer through the group! Christine returned the favor to Emily and reached over to yank her panties off before she even picked up her beer, which made everyone laugh. She drank her beer, and Kristen gave Christine the last cup to drink. After they finished their beers, they stood there for a minute while everyone decided what to do. Nobody volunteered for a second game of strip beer pong and the winners didn't have enough clothes left on for a second game anyways.

Kristen started gathering up clothes and at first I thought she was going to get dressed but she mostly grabbed Christine and Emily's clothes. She took them all in one big pile and said "Ok losers, you can have these back after you run all the way around the house, out to the street, and back!" Everyone laughed, and it's worth pointing out that this was a massive farm so running out to the end of the driveway was actually a decent distance to cover. Christine and Emily took their punishment like champs though. They giggled a little as they took off about halfway between a walk and a light jog toward the front of the house.

However, if it was Kristen and Megan's goal to embarrass them for losing, they should have made them stay with the group. While Christine and Emily ran off to the front yard where nobody could really see them, Kristen and Megan were still there in the backyard with the bigger group. I was wondering if Kristen was going to cover up, but she didn't. She stood there and acted like there was nothing out of the ordinary about being naked at a BBQ full of clothed people, clearly loving every second. She mingled the group totally naked, clearly enjoying all the stares and jokes about how hard her nipples were.

I let her enjoy her moment for a few minutes, and finally she came over to me and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I asked her if she was having fun and she whispered in my ear that she wanted me to fuck her extra hard when we got up to our room. I gave her a cute little smack on her bare butt and just grinned at her.

Just then, Christine and Emily came back. They were basically just walking at this point and whatever shyness they had earlier in the evening had faded away. They were certainly looking for their clothes but they made no effort to cover up. They just stood there on the deck under the the floodlight, with all eyes on them, while Kristen came up to them. They looked amused that Kristen was still naked, and probably realized she had a lot more exposure than they did by that point.

The sun had mostly set now and the back yard was a little darker now but the porch area where most of the group was had a nice floodlight and few other lights so we could still see what was going on. By this point, the personality of each of the four girls was very apparent. Christine, the tall brunette, didn't mind being naked but mostly stuck to her boyfriend she brought with her and didn't socialize much. Megan was a good sport for the game but clearly did not like all the extra attention that being naked indoors brought, and she mostly hung out away from any lights and didn't move much. On the other hand, naked Kristen and naked Emily were clearly the life of the party, hanging out in the brightly lit section of the deck and socializing. The party didn't go on for much longer, but it was still fun to give Kristen and Emily a look up and down and then let them grin at me when they caught me staring.

I realized just then that Christine and Megan both had boyfriends who seemed jealous or possessive of their girlfriends being undressed but Emily did not. I was trying to figure out if she was there by herself or not when Kristen came over and whispered in my ear "Go upstairs, and find a room for us to crash. Emily is coming with us. We don't want to make it obvious, but we will be up in 10 minutes."

As much as I hated to leave a BBQ with three beautiful naked girls (and one beautiful topless girl!), I was quite excited to take things upstairs. I said goodnight to naked Christine and naked Megan, and found a room upstairs.

Tune in next week for chapter two and find out what happened when Kristen and Emily came upstairs!

 