Wedding Gifts
by HotJen (C) 2015


Hooray, hooray, as of a little while ago, I am a happily married woman!  I never, ever thought that it would happen to me.  I wasn't something I thought I wanted.  It wasn't something I thought possible.  I loved my life, having sex with whoever I wanted but now I have a partner and I'm happier than I was in my wildest days!

I suppose that I should introduce myself to you and tell you about my partner.  Here's the backstory on me.  My name is Vicca Danickova and if that name doesn't sound American to you, you're right.  I was born in Moscow 29 years ago and my parents came to the United States when I was 3 with 3 other children in tow.  They didn't plan things out too well, because they couldn't afford to support 4 children and 2 adults.  So, guess who got placed in foster care?  You guessed it - the cute, freckled baby girl.  Foster care can be heaven or it can be hell.  For me, it was a bit of a mixed blessing, because while I was bounced from home to home and never adopted, I also had an experience that changed my life in my formative years.  Oh, and if you're wondering - no, I have no contact with my birth family.

I was a cute little girl, but by the age of 13, I was a beautiful girl.  Long legged, with wavy red hair and perky little tits and gorgeous brown eyes.  Even I find me desirable.  *Giggle* My foster parents at the time were a very attractive couple, Mr. and Mrs. Messier.  He was about 30, tall and muscular, the football coach at the local high school.  Mrs. Messier - Andrea or "Andi" as I was allowed to call her, they didn't want me calling them Mom and Dad - was a bosomy blonde with the legs of a showgirl, which I found out later was close.  She had been a stripper.  What I found out a month or so after I moved in was that my new parents were, in fact, swingers.  And boy, oh boy, did they swing.  I think Dave - Mr. Messier - spent more time fucking than he did coaching sports.

They had some of the sexiest lovers and if you're wondering how I know all of this - likely some of you have guessed - that's right, I peeped - but only for a short while.

I have never been a sound sleeper and so one night, I awoke to very loud moaning and groaning coming from the living room.  Dave was away with the team, so I knew that it wasn't him and I didn't believe that Andrea was the type of woman to cheat on him with another man.  I was wrong and I was right.

I tiptoed into the living room and saw her on the sofa with another bosomy, leggy blonde that I recognized instantly.  She was Rhian Sellers, the school secretary, the object of desire of all of the boys - and some of the girls.  Now, with her wearing only black stockings and high heels, I could see why!  Her tits weren't fake and her legs were long and shapely.  She and Andi were in a sixty-nine and they were noisy.  I stood there, watching all of this go on and eagerly jilling.  I'd been getting myself off for a few years, because I'd been a sexual little thing since the age of 9.  It felt so good to rub my tight little pussy, but when I let out a loud gasp, the jig was up!

They broke apart and the two lesbian lovers just stared at me with a look I had never seen before.  I thought I'd done it and was likely going to be looking for a new home.  I couldn't have been more wrong.

"You're right, Andi," Rhian - Miss Sellers - finally said.  "She is yummy."  She was looking at my PJ-clad body in a way I hadn't experienced before.

"Told you," Andrea grinned and gave Rhian a sexy little kiss.  "I figured if we made enough noise, we could lure her out of her room.  Come here Vicca, we've got some things to tell you."

They sat me between them; a 13-year old girl situated between two sexy, tanned, naked blondes and filled me in.  Andi and Dave were swingers, they had extra lovers, Andi was bi and what was the coolest part, she and Dave and Rhian had a fetish for teen girls.  At # 1 on their list was me, their own "baby girl".  Andi told me that she and Rhian would be thrilled if I would join them and all I had to do was simply say "yes".

I think you all can guess what I answered next.

So for the next hour, I was like Andi's - only this time, she said I could call her "mommy" - little doll.  Rhian took a shower and "mommy" dressed me and styled my hair and the girl that stared back at me from the mirror looked sexy, sophisticated and desirable - the girliest I had looked in my entire life.  I loved that look and from that day on, you will never catch me in blue jeans.  I always wear heels and something sexy now.  What good is being a girl if you can't take full advantage of that?

I felt beautiful because I was beautiful, "yummy" just as Rhian had said.  My red hair was curled; I was wearing a white satin and lace corset, matching white French-cut panties and my first pair of high heels, also white.  Andi told me that she had personally picked this out for me at the boutique of a "sympathetic" friend.  I felt so glamorous as I walked into the living room.  I almost heard Rhian's jaw hit the floor and it appeared as if she might be drooling.  With my foster mom on one side and Rhian on the other, they led me to the same sofa where they had been sexing it up earlier in the evening.

"God, she is so fuckable," Rhian breathed so close I could feel her hot breath on my neck.

"I know, right?" Andi practically purred.  "The whole time I was getting her ready, it was all I could do to stop myself from going down on her."

"What's stopping you now?" I answered, cocky kid that I was.  Despite my constant jilling, I had NO idea what "going down" meant, only that it involved sex of some kind.  I was a horny little kid ready to jump into adulthood.

I found out what it meant just an instant later.  Rhian roughly shoved my legs apart and "mommy" showed me just what she had been doing that was making Rhian scream like that.  I was now making sexy noises of my very own, although in a higher pitch.  I loved getting myself off and was a tiny redheaded sexpot already, but it was nothing like what Andi was doing to me.  The best was yet to come - or cum, pun intended!

My tits were barely rosebuds at that time, but you'd have thought they were ice cream from the way Rhian was licking and sucking them.  All those sexy feelings were sliding down to my cunt, where Andi was showing me what multi-orgasmic really meant.  I was shaking and using words I'd only heard Dave or Andi use when angry.  I was sexy enough at that age to know they could be used in other ways and hearing myself talk so trashy was fun.  Andi and Rhian sure had picked the right little slut to join in their lesbian games.  I was having the time of my life and never once, not then or since, have I worried about the morality of two adult women sexing up a teenaged girl.  I was the center of attention and those two sluts taught me some valuable lessons.

They taught me, first and foremost, that sex should be fun but you should never do anything you don't want to.  Even when I've tried bondage, I knew about a "safe" word.  They showed me how much fun it is to dress up for sex (to this day, I always wear heels when I'm having sex) and that part of the fun is looking "glam".  I learned about safe sex, group sex and all the positions (well, not all in one night, but darned close!) and Andi even took my virginity with a huge double dildo.  I wanted to know why Dave couldn't fuck me when he got back and she explained it was one of his few hang-ups - he didn't like breaking in virgins.

I learned some more valuable lessons - a twofer, kind of.  I learned which of my friends at school would be up for fun and games and I learned how to keep those kinds of things to myself.  If I didn't want the law butting in to my new sex life, I had to learn to keep my mouth shut.

I kept my mouth shut.  Naturally, when Dave got home, his little slut was all ready for him.  I became the personal fuck toy to my family and gave them tits, pussy and ass whenever they wanted it.  While it was okay with Dave, I realized that I preferred pussy to cock by a wide margin.  I attended most of their swinging parties after Dave and Andi broke me in and was a hit.  After all, with the training provided me by Dave, Andi and Rhian, I was a better lay than women twice my age, but still petite and adorable.  Andi made sure I had a new outfit for every party and I fucked my way through all of their friends.  But when the women found out what an insatiable little lesbian piggy I was, the men were lucky if they could pry me loose.

I was always smart enough not to get pregnant, partially from contraception, partially because I spent more time with the girls.  I had gallons of cum fill my pussy over the years, but there was always a willing woman ready to lick me clean.  A few times, I got careless at school and was almost caught sexing it up with a girlfriend (and a few of the hotter teachers).  Thank God Rhian was in on my activities, although I still don't know how she smoothed things over with the administration.  I just remember how hard it was to resist a few of my friends, like Nikita and my gorgeous friend, Julia.  She never did find out her parents attended all of the Messier swing events.

As most who have been in a foster situation know, you eventually "age out" and that's what happened to me.  Dave and Andi were planning to make me a permanent part of the family, their de facto sex slave.  I was over the moon until Dave got a job offer that took them to China.  I didn't want to live in China, so we had a final goodbye party, they gifted me with 5 thousand and I was on my own for the first time in my young life.

Well, not really.  By then, I was involved with this young hottie named Miko.  She was 15, but a mature 15 - you all know the type.  I think her family - at least her mom - knew the score.  I had my own studio apartment and Miko spent more nights with me than she did at her parent's lavish home.  That girl knew how to use a dildo and I loved riding her, her sexy hands moving all over my body.  She was a real shark with a pussy too!  I'll talk about Miko some other time and if it doesn't make you cum, check your pulse.

I loved living in my own apartment and I got a job as a barista in a coffee shop so that I could afford a larger place and start hosting parties of my own.  I met a lot of cute girls and maintained contact with most of the girls from high school.  I wasn't in the "popular" crowd but I did have a large clique of girlfriends that liked to party.  When they started coming around to my apartment, I became very popular with my neighbors.  I never had to run errands for myself and some of the hotter female neighbors became very friendly.  I got a good break on the loft because my landlord loved me.  Of course, I'm sure one of the reasons Julie liked me is my habit of running around naked, even when my windows were wide open.  That was a great apartment and never once did I have to call maintenance.  Everything remained in perfect working order for as long as I lived there.  I fondly remember that Julie and Miko really hit it off, going shoe shopping several times a year.  After each trip, I was the happy recipient of their little modeling fetish.  Worked out nicely for me, because I love a girl in heels.

Working in a coffee shop near the business district, I met a lot of sexy secretaries in high heels.  A lot of those girls wear short skirts and heels to distract their bosses from the fact they aren't very good at their job.  Or to attract the attention of the other secretaries.  That's how it happened with my girlfriend, Barbara - "Babs" to me.

Barbara came in to get coffee one afternoon and she didn't order one of those frothy drinks, she ordered coffee.  I laughed and told her I appreciated a girl who liked plain, old-fashioned coffee.  She smiled at me and told me that it was nice for her to meet another hot redhead.  It didn't take either of us more than a few minutes to figure out this was more than just friendly banter.  We were seriously into each other.

I am a rather petite girl and Babs is a tall, willowy redhead with a great figure.  She can pull off that "nerd chic" look that is so in right now.  Just looking at her, I knew she could tear it up in the sack.  She was only 19 and hot.  If I could have gotten away with it, I would have snuck her into the back store room and girl-fucked her right there.  My co-worker Tricia saw us flirting and winked at me as if to say "go for it".  Too bad Tricia's straight - she's a hot, exotic brunette.

I didn't go for it, I didn't dare.  I was self-supporting and Tricia is a college student with family.  Babs - she went for it.  She grabbed my hand and wrote her number in pen on my hand.  "If you don't call me," she winked as she left the shop "I'm coming back here to drag you home."

I'm no fool; I called when I got home and invited her over for "coffee".  I don't think we even got to coffee.  Her arms were around my waist, her tongue was in my mouth and we stumbled into bed.  We had sex for three hours and she almost wore me out.  She twisted and turned and showed me things I had never seen before.  I found out later that Babs was a former competitive gymnast.  It figured, because we both got a terrific workout.

I invited her to stay for the night, but she worried that her roommate might be lonely.  As she was putting on her tight little blouse and short skirt, I commented on her sexy heels.  "Jimmy Choos," she answered.  When she told me the price, I almost fell out of bed.  I didn't know too many secretaries who could pay that much for heels, sexy though they were.

"Oh, I didn't buy them," Babs grinned.  "My boss did.  He likes me to wear heels and I like to wear them, it's a win-win."

I was a bit concerned that Babs was being sexually harassed, but she said she liked the attention.  "His wife knows," she confessed.  "I've slept with her dozens of times and each time, he gets to hear the story from her, I get a new pair of shoes."

Babs was my soulmate, my kindred spirit.  She was an amateur photographer and a few days later, she had me over to her place.  She had books full of pictures of girls - nothing but girls, all sexy young girls.  Slutty girls, pictures that likely would have gotten us both in trouble if anyone had found out about them.  I applied the lessons I had learned earlier - I was discreet.

One of the photos was of this half-Thai girl named Monica.  She was in a pink babydoll in a room with a crib, a soother in her mouth.  She was gorgeous and adorable and had the biggest, fattest boobs with huge nipples.  "She loves mommy games," Babs told me.  "She also likes to be spanked."  A few pages later, I found a familiar girl standing beside another, darker girl, both dressed in leather that crisscrossed their bodies.  "That's Monica again," Babs breathed beside me.  "The other girl is her half-sister, Shanice."  Babs was fingering my bare pussy as she told me "Can you believe they'd never even thought of having sex together until I put the idea in their heads?"  I wouldn't have been able to resist either one of them if I'd lived in that house.

A few pages followed, and then I came upon a picture of an older woman and two younger girls.  One girl was straddling the older blonde while the younger girl was between her legs.  "That's Lissa, I met her when I lived in Sweden for a year," Babs gasped as my fingers snaked between her own legs.  "Those are her daughters, Susie and Mary.  They started having sex at a young age and are both insatiable little cunt eaters.  Susie is a perverted little bitch, although Mary is catching up fast.  They sent me new pictures recently; I just haven't had time to put them in the book yet."

"You are - a great - oh, GOD! - photographer, "I gasped as she bent down and spread my legs apart "Why don't you do that for a living?"

"Because of the subject matter," Babs finally answered me after giving me a few cummies.  "I like taking pictures of young girls, but I have to be very careful.  I get the costumes from a friend of mine, she designs fetish wear.  You'd like her."

"You should bring her to my next party."

"Party?"

I explained to her about my Swing Parties, a tradition I'd continued after moving into the loft.  "Girls only," I added as a last thought.  "I do swing with men occasionally, but they can be grabby."

"I'm bi, but I agree with you," Babs said just before her tongue swabbed the length of my pussy.  My new girlfriend was so eager to please; I wondered if she might have Sub tendencies?  I didn't care because I had already cum once and we hadn't even hit the bed.  I was trying to concentrate and still flip through the first book of photos.  I came across another photo of Shanice that was a total contrast to the first one.  She was in a tiny pink top and skirt - barely more than fabric swatches - with white stockings and heels.  I was almost salivating.

"I love the little girl look," Babs told me.  She pointed to an adjacent room.  "I take those photos in there; I call it the Pink Room.  Would you let me photograph you like that?"

I nodded, biting my lip because my mind was so focused on orgasm.  "I'd be - honored," I gasped as I came again.  I wondered if Babs would have enjoyed photographing the upcoming orgy.

The next girl up looked like butter wouldn't melt in her mouth.  "That's Cindy, although she likes to spell it with an `S'," Babs giggled.  "She looks as pure as the driven snow, but she can cuss like a sailor.  She's got the wildest fetishes and she can really be a bitch in bed, but man, that tongue can go all the way home.  The only woman I've ever met who's a bigger perv than Cindy is Kitty, her mom.  They've been lovers since Cindy turned 13 and they're planning to seduce Cindy's sister next month," Babs told me.

"Would they come to my gathering?" I asked.  Babs got an evil smile and told me that she was sure they would.  I invited them by proxy.

I saw another picture of Monica and remembered Miko.  We'd had a horrible fight and it had ended badly.  I missed her, her delicate body and skilled tongue.  "I might have another subject for you," I said to Babs, describing Monica.  "But I want you to treat her like a total slut, make her your cum toy for the session."

"Why?"

"I want to be in the next room and hear her scream," I smirked to myself.  I had always believed Miko needed to expand her boundaries, despite some things we had done, she could be shy.  It was my belief that if she ever let loose, she would be unstoppable.  I thought Babs and her photos could expose Miko's inner slut.

I recognized one of the girls who was wearing a plaid skirt and high heels NO private school - save one - would have ever allowed.  "That's Misty," I breathed.  "She and her mom come into the shop; I thought she was flirting with me one afternoon."

"She probably was," Babs giggled.  "She likes to think her mom doesn't know what she's up to.  Here's a secret - her mom knows all about it - and approves."

I gasped at the next picture!  It was of an elegant little blonde wearing a tiara, pearls and nothing else.  She looked as pure as Cindy had previously.  "Of course she does," Babs smiled as her hands slowly undressed me.  "That's Tracey, Cindy's little sister.  They may want to sleep with her, but I got there first."  I was now so impressed by Babs and her ingenuity that she need not have touched me to make me orgasm.  All this young beauty had been laid out before her and she was taking full advantage.  A slut after my own heart, to be sure!

There was a really hot picture of Shanice and another, older black woman, both in the babydoll getup and in the "Pink room" as Babs had dubbed it.  "That's her mom," Babs whispered and bit my ear lobe.  "She hasn't been back and I have no idea why.  I have never seen a woman climax the way that she did.  She and Shanice - God, how hot!  I love family stuff!"

I hadn't told Babs about my "family" experiences, I decided to save some of my secrets for later.  I knew that if Andi had still been in the country, I would have gotten her on the phone.  Instead, I let my redheaded girlfriend spread my legs and do as she pleased while I kept on looking.

Amy was up next, another girl I knew.  Amy was Asian, but a bit "punk", with shocking pink hair and a wild-child attitude.  She attended the same school as Misty and I wondered if they knew each other - or more?  She was in the same little girl look as some of the others and "girlish" heels that looked like they were for a little girl - but not with that height.  "She scratches and bites," Babs said as she proceeded to lick all the way down my legs.

The next few photos were of a girl in a red teddy, but chained to the ceiling, the first bondage photos I had seen.  With her hair all tousled, it took me a few minutes to recognize the girl as Cindy / Sindy.  "I told you that she was a wild one," Babs breathed before slurping me wildly.  "She told me not to let her down until I'd made her cum three times."

"And ...?"

Babs came up for air, although her fingers continued playing with my now-aching cunt.  "I made her wait 4 times, the little bitch.  Speaking of cums ..." With that, I finally went over the top.  I hadn't even gotten through the first book, just the anticipation and images alone had sent me through the stratosphere.  I had never known a woman like Babs before, so open-minded and so overtly sexual.  I thought that with her, I might just reach the pinnacle of my erotic journey.

Of course, as I'm sure you've guessed from my opening statement, I was entirely wrong about that.  I still had a long, long way to go ...

PS - oops, I still haven't told you about my partner, have I?  I guess you'll have to keep reading to find out more about that.
