Sunday Car Wash
by VoyeurSurf ©

Every Sunday Morning, Sydney wakes up at the crack of dawn, hours before 
her husband, just to wash her car, a Ford Mustang convertible. She spends 
hours washing, waxing and polishing her car until it sparkles like new. 
It's the same routine every Sunday, and recently she has been joined by 
her next-door neighbor, Ted, who watches her from his front porch. 

She finds it erotic that he is up early again today to see her washing her 
car, or more precisely, to see how little she is wearing while washing her 
car. Her husband would not approve of her purposefully enticing his 
voyeurism but nevertheless, she has started wearing less and less each 
Sunday morning, like a string bikini or a half shirt with her shortest 
shorts, just to tease his curiosity. 

Sydney is 22 years old with long strawberry blonde hair, deep blue eyes, 
and is a 5' 4" 110-pound petit beauty. Her husband Mike is 30 years old 
and rightfully over protective of his young bride, knowing too well that 
she can be wild and yet, he is completely in the dark about her public 
exhibitions.

Today she is wearing her white satin pajama pants and a white camisole 
which she slept in last night. She is considering going back inside and 
changing because without a bra the mist from spraying the water hose is 
making her nipples visible from underneath the sheer material.

Instead, she looks up from her car over at Ted and waves good morning to 
see that she still has his full attention. The more she thinks about him 
watching her, the more she considers the possibilities of how she can have 
some fun with him, right now, while Mike is still asleep.

She pictures him seeing her perky 34B tits, or the luscious curve of her 
ass, or maybe a view of her neatly trimmed pussy. She imagines what his 
reaction might be considering that they are neighbors, will he behave the 
same way as strangers act when they catch an unexpected peek, with a look 
of surprise and delight, or will he try and hide his emotions and show no 
reaction at all?

To flash him from right in front of her house, she decides she needs to 
make it look unintentional. She certainly doesn't want him telling her 
husband that she deliberately exposed herself, giving away her special 
secret that she has managed to keep from him for the past two years, 
beginning with the very first time, on her wedding night.

Right after their marriage ceremony they drove until midnight to a bed and 
breakfast to stay the night before leaving on a 7 day cruise the next 
morning on their honeymoon. After they checked in, Mike left to buy some 
alcohol at a nearby convenience store. 

From the bedroom window Sydney could see the night clerk, who had checked 
them in a few minutes earlier, was now standing outside in the dark, 
watching her every move. 

She wasn't sure why or even how it started, but outside the clerk watched 
in silence as she slowly removed her tank top and skirt, and then her bra 
and knickers. When Mike returned he could not have known that the clerk had 
seen his wife completely naked, or that she had left a small gap in the 
curtains just enough for someone outside to watch Mike fucking his new 
bride.

Today she is still obsessed with exposing herself to complete strangers, 
men that she will never see again. Showing off for a neighbor was risky, 
but she was up to the challenge and decides to innocently flash him her 
little white ass.

She gets in the back seat of her car and pulls off her pajamas along with 
her knickers. She could see him lean forward in his chair trying to see 
what she is doing in the back seat.

She puts her pajama paints back on and gets out of the car, then picks up 
the water hose and squeezes it to stop the flow of water. As she builds up 
water pressure she acts confused like she is trying to locate a kink 
somewhere in the hose.

She aims the hose at her body and releases her tight grip. Water rushes 
out and soaks her camisole and drenches her pajamas. She screams out but 
lets the water continue to pour over her body before dropping the hose to 
the ground. 

The cold water takes her breath away and when she looks down at her body 
she realizes her impromptu plan worked a little too well. 

Her top is completely transparent and she can easily see her erect nipples 
through the thin material. Her pajama pants hug her like a second skin 
down her legs and around her ass cheeks. Without any knickers, she can even 
see the impression of her pussy. Just then she hears, "Are you alright?" 
She looks up to see Ted standing right in front of her. 

Surprised she replies, "Yes, just a small problem with the hose, I'm 
alright." She watches as his eyes canvas her wet body. She lets him soak 
up the view of her shapely breasts that are clearly on display.

"I can't believe how wet I am," she said as she lifts both sides of her 
camisole up to her chest, then moves her hands underneath and around to 
the front, lifting the fabric away from her breasts and then back down 
again. Ted can't believe his perfect timing as he gets a peek at her tits, 
right up to the fringe of her pink nipples. It happens so fast, he isn't 
sure if she even realizes her brief exposure standing right in front of 
him.

"Feel how wet my pants are," she pulls the top of her pajamas away from 
her skin to provide him with some material to touch. As she turns to look 
for a towel she can feel Ted take advantage of her as he gently pulls the 
elastic band even further away providing a clear view of her trimmed bush.

"You're right, you really are soaked!" he commented, thinking she had just 
unknowingly let him look down her pants. Sydney remembers the only other 
time that she let someone close enough to touch her, is was actually two 
men from Japan, and her impromptu plan with them did not go well for her, 
and unfortunately, they have the photos to prove it. 

It was a year ago at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, while Mike was playing at 
the porker tables she was soaking up the sun alone by the pool, when two 
Japanese men approached her and asked if she would take their picture.

She was wearing a thong bikini and she knew what they really wanted was 
her naked ass on camera. She decided to let them have their fun and after 
she took their picture she agreed to have her picture taken with each of 
them. 

After she posed standing next to the first guy, shoulder to shoulder, the 
two men traded places and the second guy stood next to her in the same 
position, (click). She then turned to say goodbye, providing a side view 
of her ass, (click) and then pretended to twist her ankle and fell forward 
against his chest, (click) to keep his balance he reached down and 
inadvertently grabbed her ass, (click) but instead they both fell 
backwards down onto the lounge chair, (click) she landed right on top of 
him with her bare ass up in the air, (click) as she tried to lift herself 
up somehow his hands got caught her bikini top and off it came, exposing 
her tits to bounce around freely as she tried to stand up, (click) (click) 
(click).

Sydney still today searches the Internet knowing that eventually those 
pictures will show up and she will have a lot of explaining to do. Now 
that Ted has just seen down her pants it was time to complete her mission, 
let him marvel at her tight ass. She reaches down and picks up a towel and 
announces, "I should probably get out of these wet pants before I catch a 
cold," then turns her back to him and loosely ties the towel around her 
waist and reaches up underneath the towel and pulls down her pajama pants. 


He could see her stepping out of her pajamas as the towel slips down her 
hips and stops just above her ass. Sydney did her best to make it look 
unintentional as she reaches for her pants and lets the towel fall off 
exposing her ass and a perfect backside view of her bald pussy lips as she 
bends over to pick up the towel.

She quickly wraps the towel back around her waist and turns around to 
apologize, "I'm so sorry, how embarrassing…" she declares, knowing that her plan has worked perfectly.

"No need to apologize, accidents happen," he assures her as he tries to 
keep his composure but is unable to stop the bulge from growing inside his 
pants.

Sydney could feel her pussy getting wet as well, she treated him to much 
more than just a view of her sweet ass and anymore she feared he might 
become suspicious of his good fortunes. She then excuses herself, "Ted, I 
should go inside now and get dressed, see you later and again I'm so 
sorry, please don't tell anyone!" And off she goes.

Back in her bedroom Mike wakes up feeling Sydney sucking his cock. He 
doesn't know what has her so excited as she climbs on top of him and 
guides his cock up inside her pussy. Rocking back and forth, in and out, 
she grinds herself down on him for several minutes and then experiences a 
powerful orgasm before Mike finally shoots his load.

Sydney thinks about how much she enjoys exposing herself and how good it 
makes her feel sexually. She truly believes that secretly exposing herself 
to strangers helps to improve her sex life with her husband, and that if 
Mike ever found out her secret he would absolutely forgive her…well, 
maybe.

The End