
Hello, Mom?

A Swarm Cycle Story


Danny relates the events leading to him being at a Confederacy pick up.

MF; SciFi; interracial





"Hello?"

"Hello, Mom? This is Danny."

"Good morning, Danny. How are you?"

"I'm fine, Mom. I have some news."

"What's the news?"

"I was picked up by the Confederacy! I'm in space right now, orbiting Earth," I knew she would be pleased and happy for me.

"Danny, are you drunk? Have you been doing drugs?" If Mom believed me I knew she would be pleased and happy for me. I noted the concern in her voice.

"No, I'm sober and I did get picked up. I'm not joking. Honest." I wondered if I sounded drunk to her. Maybe it was my excited tone of voice. I am not known to get excited about anything.

"I find that hard to believe, dear. I mean from what I've read, the Confederacy doesn't take just anyone that wants to go and you're not exactly the smartest or most ambitious young man I know. Wait a minute. Did someone take you as a concubine? No, that's not likely either. I mean I love you dearly and all that, but facts are facts. Please don't take offense." It sounded like I had to convince her.

"I won't take offense, Mom. I find it hard to believe, too. It seems like a dream."

"Perhaps it is, Danny. Would you like to tell me all about it? I figure as long as you're on the telephone with me you aren't going to do anything to harm yourself."

"Okay, Mom." Perhaps I should have waited to call home until after the Confederacy contacted my family. I began to gather my thoughts.

I guess you have figured out that my dear mother does not have a lot of confidence in me. It's my own fault. I'm a slacker and I've been that way all my life. Despite the efforts of my parents and teachers to encourage and inspire me, I've always preferred to just skate by with the minimum of effort. My high school grades were good enough to get into college, but I still didn't exert myself when I started classes. I carry a consistent C average. I used the announcement about the impending Sa'arm invasion to justify my attitude. I mean why plan for the future? In a decade or so, we were all going to be an entre on a lizard man's dinner plate. Of course, I took the CAP test like just about everyone else. Close, but no cigar.

College is where I met Kelly Greene. Kelly is the polar opposite of me, a computer science major with a straight A grade average. She is charming and intelligent as well as beautiful. Her family is supposed to have a shitload of money. She is tall with shapely legs that seem to go on forever, and a pair of luscious tits that stick out to next year. I was assigned by chance to be her lab partner in a required basic chemistry lab. Several other students have approached me during the semester because they wanted to trade with me and be Kelly's partner. Kelly was all for it. I didn't mind trading partners either because, even though she is sexy and all that, the girl is a real taskmaster. I mean she expects me to work as hard as her. Can you beat that? Anyway, nobody else wanted me to be his or her lab partner so Kelly said she figured I was her "cross to bear" this term. That's why I didn't expect her to say what she said this one day after class.

Kelly asked me to wait while she cleaned up our lab space because she had something important to discuss with me. I told her, "No problem." I figured she was going to bitch at me again for me not carrying my share of the workload. I would listen, smile, and promise to try harder. Anyway, the girl led me to an empty classroom and closed the door. I waited for her to say something. She seemed kind of nervous.

"I'm going to ask you a question that might seem kind of strange, but I don't want you to freak out. Okay?" I shrugged my shoulders.

"Ask away." At least this was something different.

"Will you marry me?" she asked.

My witty reply was "Huh?" I heard well enough the first time, but that's my usual response to an unexpected question.

"I said, will you marry me?" Okay I thought. This has to be a joke, but I didn't have anything better to do so I figured I would play along.

"Oh, okay. When?"

"As soon as possible."

"Is after lunch good?"

"I'm not joking, Danny. Are you sure?" Kelly sure looked and sounded serious, but I was still waiting for the punch line.

"I'm sure."

"You're crazy. We barely know each other. Out of the blue, I propose to you and all you have to say is okay? Don't you have the slightest curiosity about why I asked?"

"I just figured it was because of my great looks, charm, and personality. You couldn't help falling in love with me, right?"

Kelly finally smiled. "Uh, no. That's not it at all."

"Then I sense an ulterior motive. Is this perhaps a sorority pledge stunt? Are you pregnant?"

"Hazing is a thing of the past at this school and I'm not pregnant. It's my father."

"Your father wants you to marry me? I don't believe I've ever met the gentleman."

"You haven't met him. He wants me to marry someone else, and I don't want to marry the man he wants me to marry."

"The man is a real loser, huh?"

"Actually he's rich, handsome, charming, and crazy in love with me."

"There's nothing wrong with that," I responded. "What's the matter with him?"

"The matter is that he's black. I can't stand black men."

"That's kind of racist, Kelly." I think my voice had the right tone of disapproval in it.

"I can't help how I feel." She had the grace to act ashamed about it, but I was not going to let her off easy.

"Uh, Kelly?"

"Yes, Danny?"

"You do realize you're black, too. Don't you?"

"Heh! Yeah, I figured that out a long time ago. I was exaggerating, okay? I like black men just fine, but I'm not interested in being a black man's girlfriend, and certainly not his wife. I go for white men as long as they're tall blue eyed blonds and very handsome."

"Oh." I have brown hair, brown eyes, and I'm average in height and looks. I knew I was being used like a tool, but that didn't bother me much.

"What happens when you tell your family about us?" I asked.

"I expect all hell will break loose," Kelly said. "Daddy doesn't take kindly to being defied. Momma is a black racist so she will take an instant hatred of you. They'll threaten to disown me. I'm counting on Maynard, the man Daddy wants me to marry, to lose interest in me since I've been defiled and sullied by a white man. He's almost as militant as Momma."

"Wouldn't it be easier if you told them we're married without getting married?"

"That won't work," Kelly responded. "My daddy is very thorough. He'll have you checked out by a detective and he'll want to see proof that we're legally married."

"Checking me out should take about five minutes. Couldn't you just tell Maynard thanks, but no thanks?"

"My parents expect me to be an obedient daughter, and they've just about worn down my resistance. I'm supposed to visit them next week, and this is a desperation move. I have a sneaky feeling they'll have Maynard there so he can propose to me right in front of them."

"What happens after that, assuming everything goes like you hope it will?"

"Assuming everything goes like I hope it will, we'll get a quick and quiet divorce. I'll reconcile with my parents and we'll go on with our separate lives."

"And what do I get out of it?" The girl shrugged her shoulders and lowered her eyes.

"I don't know. Why don't you tell me?"

"Well, if I'm going to be accused of defiling and sullying you I want the opportunity to defile and sully you." Kelly giggled at my statement. She seemed relieved.

"I think that can be arranged. But you'll have to wear a condom. I'm not on any sort of birth control."

"I can do that." The girls I had had sex with before were all on birth control, but they insisted on condoms because they didn't want to get a dose of the clap or anything like that. I didn't want to father children anyway. I didn't want any child of mine to be eaten by a creature from outer space.

"We'll have to wait until after the marriage ceremony though. I'll have flight and hotel reservations for Las Vegas for Friday after classes. We'll get married that evening and have all weekend to get acquainted."

"I'm looking forward to it." Kelly kissed me then. Ay! Ay! Ay! It was a real scorcher. I was in love.

"Me too," she said when she ended the kiss.

"I'm going to be sad when we get divorced."

"You're sweet, Danny," Kelly said. "I wish you were more my type."

I decided I was already sad. This was Wednesday, so there were still two days until we flew to Las Vegas and tied the knot. Kelly told me when and where to meet her, and to please keep her plans all under my hat. I promised I would do that. I gave her my vital statistics so she could file an online application. She was surprised my legal name was Danny instead of Daniel. I had a teacher in the eighth grade that kept calling me Daniel even after I showed him a copy of my birth certificate.

I am not quite as dumb as people think I am. Once I was alone, I got to thinking about the one question I wanted to ask Kelly, but didn't. Maybe I was afraid of the answer if the girl was honest with me. I mean, why did she choose me to marry her if I wasn't her type? Why couldn't she marry one of her preferred blond bimbos? The answer was obvious. I was expendable if anything went wrong. I was to be Kelly's fool, her patsy, the scapegoat, chump, dupe, sucker, the fall guy. I think you get the idea. Man, I was hot under the collar. I was going to call the scheming bitch and tell her to forget it. I had better things to do.

Then I got to thinking about the better things I had to do. The only thing I had planned for the weekend was to get together with some buddies, drink beer and watch a Three Stooges marathon. I do that sort of thing all the time except sometimes it's the Marx Brothers, Laurel and Hardy, or W. C. Fields. But I don't often get the chance to pork a triple A grade premium pussy such as Kelly's. I'd be doing her the whole weekend, too. That prospect was too good to pass up. Plus, I didn't really have anything to worry about, did I? It was Kelly who was going to be taking all the grief. She probably wouldn't even want me around when she was dealing with her folks. The Three Stooges would still be around when I returned to school. Whew! I am sure glad I got that figured out.

I put an immediate phone call to one of the campus pharmaceutical suppliers. He said he could sell me Viagra by the pill. I ordered some for my weekend. I wanted to get my money's worth from Kelly as well as do right by her in bed. Speaking of money, I didn't have a heck of a lot. I hoped she didn't expect me to share expenses. I called my fiance to check.

"Don't worry about it, Danny," Kelly said when I explained my call. "I have an American Express Gold Card courtesy of my parents so all of our expenses will be covered. I expect the card will be canceled within five minutes of me telling them I'm married, so we'll make good use of it this weekend." Cool!

I've got to admit I was plenty nervous when Kelly and I boarded our flight to Las Vegas. I'm sure she had a case of the butterflies, too. At any minute, I expected Kelly to tell me getting married was a bad idea, and she couldn't go through with it. I wouldn't have argued that point with her. There had to be a better way for Kelly to deal with her parents and Maynard, but she was supposed to be the smart one, and I couldn't come up with a better idea.

We took a cab straight from the airport to our hotel and checked in. I was all for getting a drink, but Kelly took my hand and marched me straight into a jewelry boutique. She bought a pair of matching gold wedding bands.

"It seems like a waste of money," I said. "We're going to be wearing them for a week at most." Kelly just shrugged her shoulders.

"Are you ready to do it? We have an appointment." Kelly seemed determined to get it over with.

"I'm ready when you are," I responded. She seemed as nervous as I did, and I smiled in encouragement. We kissed for luck, gently this time. It was our second kiss. Our third kiss would be as man and wife.

We took a taxi to the marriage license bureau. Kelly paid the fee and we received our license. We then walked a short distance to another office where the civil marriages were performed. We needed a witness so Kelly talked to another couple who also needed a witness. She agreed to act as their witness, and the new bride agreed to be our witness. Ten minutes later Kelly and I were married. I know that doesn't sound very romantic, but there it is. I had to admire my bride's efficiency and organizational ability. Not too much later, I was uncorking an oversize French Champagne bottle in our hotel room.

"To us," was the toast I offered.

"To us," Kelly responded. She sipped a little, then put down her glass and embraced me. "Thank you so much for going through with this marriage, Danny. You must have thought I had lost my mind."

"That's true, but that made you all the more attractive to me." That comment made my bride giggle and I felt some tension leave her body. "Besides, anyone else would have jumped at the chance to marry you."

"That's not true at all, Danny." She sounded sad, but when she pulled out of my embrace, she was smiling. "Wanna fuck?" I couldn't have asked that question any more eloquently.

"I thought you would never ask." I must say that Kelly's body was everything I imagined it would be. Perfect tits. Perfect ass. Child bearing hips. Perfect body from head to toe. Between not having eaten since that morning, and the Champagne, we got pretty drunk, but we didn't forget the condoms. I didn't need the Viagra. We fucked until we couldn't fuck anymore then fell into an exhausted sleep. Saturday morning we showered and had a late breakfast.

I was curious to know whether Kelly had proposed marriage to anyone else and, if so, who he was. It sure sounded like she had, but I never found an opening to ask. The girl wasn't forthcoming and I didn't want to interrogate her. Who was I to pry anyway? I was just a temporary husband. We strolled around the hotel a bit and played some nickel slots, but we avoided the casino and neither of us had a desire to see any of the shows. We went back to our room, threw off our clothes, and cuddled in bed. We alternated between fucking and napping. That's pretty much how our weekend went. We caught a flight home on Monday morning, and drove back to campus where we both lived in the dorms.

"What's next?" I asked as I got my bag out of Kelly's car.

"I'll call you," Kelly responded. She kissed me, this time on the cheek. "Thanks for being such a good sport." I noticed she wasn't wearing her wedding band. She hadn't walked more than 50 feet away before a tall blond dude joined her. They kissed. He took her bag and they walked on, hand in hand.

"Oh, well," I said aloud. Kelly had kept her side of the bargain. I couldn't complain about that. I had a gold wedding band and some fond memories of a weekend of great sex. I supposed the next time I saw Kelly she would have a divorce petition in hand. I went back to my dorm room and vegged out for the rest of the day. I felt depressed and not even Larry, Moe, Curly or Shemp could cheer me up. It wasn't supposed to be this way. I was too laid back to be affected like this by a woman, right? Yeah, right. I decided I had to suck it up and act like it was no big deal. That included showing up to Wednesday's chemistry lab with Kelly there even if I didn't want to.

We both acted as if nothing had happened between us and it was just like our previous lab classes. Well, things were a little bit different. I was more helpful during the lab and I did the cleanup afterward. Kelly asked to speak with me in private again and I just nodded my head. She led me back to the empty classroom again and closed the door.

"I noticed you're still wearing your wedding band," Kelly said.

"I noticed you're not wearing yours," I responded.

"I didn't want to be grilled by my friends. They would have spotted that ring in a nanosecond. Uh, did anyone ask about your ring?"

"Don't worry," I assured her. "The people I hang out with wouldn't notice that type of thing. Even if they did, I would still keep my promise to keep my mouth shut."

"That's good."

"Have you told your folks yet?"

Kelly nodded. "It's mostly what I expected. I have shocked and disappointed them. I have broken Maynard's heart. There's only one thing that I did not expect."

"What's that?"

"They want to meet you."

"Do you want me to meet them?"

"Would you mind? I know it wasn't part of our deal. I think they're just curious about you. I don't think it'll be a problem, but if you don't want to, I'll understand."

"I don't mind," I said. "Who knows? They might like me."

"Ice water in Hell is more likely than that," Kelly responded, but at least she was smiling when she said it. She plastered her body up against mine and kissed me. The girl couldn't help feeling my boner.

"Is that for me?" Kelly asked in a teasing tone of voice.

"It sure is." I placed my hands on her butt and ground my prick against her so she could get a better feel.

"Do you have a condom?" Christ! Was she serious?

"Uh, no, but I can get a hold of one real quick." I wish I had been a Boy Scout.

"I can't wait around. I have to meet my friend in a while."

"I guess I'm out of luck then," I said. "Cheating on me already?"

"I'll have you know I've been true to you since the day we got engaged. That's a whole week so far."

"Sorry I doubted you."

"That's all right. I know you saw me kissing my friend, but I didn't know you were the jealous type." I didn't know I was the jealous type either. I guess I am. Kelly surprised me by kneeling down and pulling down my jeans zipper. She released little Danny and kissed him. He leaped with joy.

"Don't hold back," Kelly said. "I'm in a hurry." She grabbed my butt cheeks and pulled my prick into her mouth. There's almost nothing I like better than a blow job, and getting one from a beautiful woman like Kelly is the ultimate: long, slow and leisurely. We didn't have the luxury of time though, and I aimed to oblige my lovely wife. I was concerned about making Kelly gag a bit, but after a couple of minutes or so I was filling her mouth with my cum.

"Sorry I was a little rough on you there."

"That's all right," Kelly responded. "I like it a little rough sometimes." We grabbed our books and walked outside the building. Kelly's friend was waiting for her.

"You're late, nigger. Get over here." I tensed up, ready to attack the guy. How dare he insult my wife! Kelly must have sensed my hostility. She caressed my arm.

"Keep cool," she whispered. "I'll handle this. See you tomorrow." Kelly laughed and strutted over to the clown. "Yes, massah," she drawled and they started making out. I just stood there gaping at the pair. They stopped and stared back at me. Well, the dude was gloating and Kelly was smiling with a wicked gleam in her eyes. It was then I realized Kelly was feeding her friend my cum. I smirked and Kelly winked at me. They returned to making out. I hoped her friend liked the taste of my cum. I went to the student union and got some lunch.

My entire wardrobe consists of jeans, t-shirts and tennis shoes. It was the way I was dressed when Kelly and I were married so I wasn't going to worry about how I was dressed when I met Kelly's parents. Kelly didn't make any comment when I met her at her car. She waited until we were out of the parking lot before slipping on her wedding band.

"What's with your friend?" Kelly knew who I meant.

She sighed. "I think Joel is feeling insecure so he was trying to show you that I belong to him and not you."

"He knows we're married? I thought you were keeping that secret from everyone on campus."

"I had to confide in someone. Besides, he's the one that suggested that I marry you since he was too chicken to do the deed."

"Why would he do that?"

"Joel said he meant it as a joke. He was pissed when I told him that I actually did it, that I should go ahead and marry Maynard and be his mistress. I told him that he should have married me if he loved me. He's the one I would have wanted to stay married to. I'm not so sure now." Kelly sounded like she was about to cry so I just remained silent.

Kelly continued. "I lied to Joel and told him you and I were not having sex and you were only doing it for the money."

"I don't even know the dude. Uh, how much money?"

"Five hundred dollars and he only knows of you," Kelly said, "because I complained about you often enough." She touched my thigh as if in apology. I could imagine what she said about me and every word of it was likely the truth so that didn't bother me. It's funny I didn't even think about money until Kelly brought it up. I guess money just isn't that important to me.

"I hoped he liked the taste of my cum."

"Heh! I was hoping you would pick up on that. Joel won't even kiss me when it's his own cum I've been swallowing." I wasn't crazy about doing that either.

"Do you like ribs?" Kelly asked.

"I love ribs."

"We're meeting my parents at a restaurant that's quite famous for its ribs. I've been there a lot. The thing is that it's right in the middle of the ghetto, and I don't recall ever seeing a white person dining there. You're liable to have people staring at you." I think I knew what Kelly was getting at.

"Black people don't bother me. I hope I don't bother them."

Kelly was right about the restaurant being in the middle of the ghetto. I got plenty of stares, mostly curious but some downright hostile. I had to admit I was kind of scared. The large warning signs at the entrance were interesting. 'All weapons must be checked at the door'. 'No gang colors or hand signals allowed'. 'Troublemakers will be shot without warning'. We also had to walk through an airport type metal detector with armed guards giving us a final frisk, a female guard for Kelly. Despite the hassle there didn't seem to be any lack of customers. People like to feel secure while dining, and this restaurant intended to provide the security.

A couple of pretty girls hurried up to Kelly as soon as we entered the main dining area. They hugged her and Kelly introduced them as her sisters. Kylie was 14 years old. Katelyn was 16 years old.

"It's a pleasure to meet you both," I said. The two girls gave me the once over and both looked displeased.

Katelyn said, "I think it's best if you didn't speak unless spoken to. And watch what you say if you do speak."

Kylie said, "And don't go trying to shake anyone's hand or you're liable to be pulling back a stump." They turned to walk away and we followed.

"So far so good," I whispered.

"I'm glad you think so," said Kelly. She sounded worried. "Katelyn is right though. You'd better let me do the talking and we'll be all right."

"You're the boss." We arrived at the Greene family table. It looked like they had already been served. They were almost finished in fact. What was with that? I knew we weren't late in arriving. The elder Greenes were a pleasant looking middle aged couple, but not looking pleasant at the moment. They didn't look happy to see us. Mr. Greene motioned for us to sit. A waitress arrived with a couple of menus and he waved her away. Mrs. Greene sneered at me.

"If I had my gun with me, I'd be using it on you right about now, whitey," she declared. I guessed I was lucky this was a weapons free restaurant.

"Don't be too hard on the boy, dear," said Mr. Greene. "He's just a campus lowlife loser Kelly hired in a fool scheme to avoid a marriage to Maynard."

"That's not true, Daddy," said Kelly.

"Don't lie to me, girl. I had the full story hours ago. It's amazing what you can find out if the money is right. The only connection you have to this boy is that he's your lab partner in your chemistry class. Not a happy partnership either. I think you have referred to him as 'pain in the ass Danny'? So you gave the boy here five hundred dollars and went through a real marriage ceremony in Las Vegas thinking that it would be enough to get rid of poor Maynard. Tell me I'm wrong." Kelly didn't say anything. She had tears in her eyes. She stared at her lap. I was thinking Joel wasn't such a good friend to Kelly. He had sold her out for a little cash. Mr. and Mrs. Greene wore self-satisfied smiles, but the man wasn't through.

"Steps are now being taken to annul the Nevada marriage. As soon as that has been finalized you will be marrying Maynard." Kelly looked up in surprise.

"Maynard has forgiven you, Kelly," said Mrs. Greene. "Isn't that sweet of him?"

"I don't think we'll need your cooperation," the man told me, "but if you keep your mouth shut and go along I'll add another thousand dollars to the five hundred you've already been paid. What do you say?"

"I say take your money and shove it, sir. Let's get out of here, Kelly." There were gasps from the peanut gallery.

"I didn't get where I am today by always being such a nice guy. If you walk out that door with my daughter there will some very mean gentlemen waiting outside who will teach you the error of your ways. You might even live to learn from the lesson they mean to teach you."

"No, Daddy!" Kelly exclaimed. "I don't want Danny hurt."

"That is up to you, Kelly."

"I'll do what you and Momma want then. I'll marry Maynard." Kelly turned to me. "I'm so sorry I got you involved."

"Don't worry about me, babe. I'm having a blast," I said. "Look, your parents were right about one thing, and that is that you made a big mistake when you came up with the idea of marrying me. Don't make an even bigger mistake."

"I don't know what you mean. What bigger mistake?"

"You're a grown up, an adult. It's time to start acting like one and that means making your own decisions. If you don't want to marry Maynard, tell him so and stick to your decision. Tell your parents to go fuck themselves." There were more gasps from the peanut gallery. I felt pretty good about my advice even though I knew it was hypocritical. I mean I never felt the need to grow up.

"You're dead, boy," Mr. Greene hissed.

"I already got that impression, okay? What are you going to tell your hired goons to do, kill me twice?"

"I don't need any hired goons to take care of you. I can do that myself." The man stood up and I did too, making sure I moved away from Kelly. He was taller and heavier than me. I thought of making a run for it because I'm no fighter, but where could I run?

That's when the outside light dimmed and turned sort of gray. There were shouts and screams. Then someone on the public address announced that this was a Confederacy extraction and started issuing instructions. Kelly's father temporarily lost interest in killing me. Men and women started tearing off their clothes and moving toward another part of the restaurant where an orgy seemed to be starting up. A big black woman dressed in a Confederacy Marine uniform walked up to our table.

"Kelly Greene?"

"That's me," said Kelly.

"I'm Corporal Tonya Dupree. May I see your CAP card please?" Kelly handed it over and the Marine said, "You get four concubines." and handed her a device she called a CAP card reader.

"We're a prepack," said Kelly's father. The Marine appeared to be listening to somebody else.

"That's not what the AI says."

"I have to discuss it with my family," said Kelly.

"What's to discuss," the man demanded. "You have an obligation to your family and I expect you to fulfill it." Kelly looked down at her lap again and I almost saw her nod.

"Well," I said. "You don't have to worry about divorcing me anymore and you don't have to worry about marrying Maynard. But you still have this guy running your life. What good are you going to do the Confederacy if you have to check with your daddy before carrying out an order?"

"Just shut the fuck up, loser," Mr. Greene demanded.

"I admit it," I responded. "I'm a loser. But take a close look at these three young women for a moment and tell me what that makes you." The man looked confused for a moment and then comprehension dawned. The next thing I knew I was flat on the ground looking up at the ceiling. My face and the back of my head were masses of pain. I was swallowing blood. The women were screaming. Mr. Greene was lying flat on the floor also surrounded by his wife, Katelyn and Kylie. Kelly was by my side.

"What happened to him?"

"The Marine zapped him with her phaser or whatever it is," said Kelly. She turned to the Marine. "Will my father be all right?"

"He'll wake up with a humongous headache," Corporal Dupree replied. "You would be doing him a huge favor if you left him behind. I've seen his type several times before. He'll try to use his force of personality to try to get his way and it just doesn't work that way for a concubine. He'll get himself killed up there in a matter of days." Kelly nodded her head.

"I would sure like to know what you meant by that statement before you got punched," Kelly told me.

"I was just running off at the mouth," I said. "It didn't mean anything. Now get up there before he wakes up."

"He was saying that my husband wasn't the biological father of my children."

"Well, if that's what you meant, I can understand why my daddy punched you out. Momma would never cheat on Daddy."

"I cheated on your father every chance I could get." All three girls gasped.

"Was their father a white man?" I always thought Kelly had some Caucasian features, and when I met Mr. Greene, I knew there wasn't any way he could be her biological father.

"They were three different white men."

"Momma," said Katelyn, "there's a word for women like you."

"The word is slut," said her mother. "I'm a slut for white men. I acted just the opposite in front of my husband for obvious reasons."

"Tall blue eyed blonds and very handsome?"

"Are you a mind reader or something?"

"I just figured, mother like daughter," I replied.

"Well, I'll be dogged." Mother looked at daughter and both giggled. Corporal Dupree was wearing a big grin.

"Both of my concubines are white boys," she said. "I just love them to death. I can hardly wait until I get some time off so I can start having their babies."

"So are you three interested in coming with me as my concubines? It will mean having sex with Danny and having his babies."

"You want me to come too?" I was flabbergasted.

"You're the best lover I've ever had and I can't think of anyone else I'd rather have with me."

"You now know I don't have a problem with your man being white," said Mrs. Greene. She turned to Katelyn and Kylie. "What about you two? I hope you decide to do what is necessary even if it means submitting to a white man. Your lives depend on it."

"Kylie and I have our own secret," said Katelyn. "I guess it's safe to reveal now."

"And what secret is that?" Kelly asked.

"We like white boys, too," the younger sisters chorused and started giggling.

"Can you at least get Danny's face fixed up?" Kylie asked. "Daddy did a job on it."

"Honey," said the Marine, "those medtubes can fix him up better than new, and can even make him look like his sponsor's ultimate fantasy."

"Would you like to look like my ultimate fantasy, Danny?"

"I want whatever you want," I said, "but I'll still be pain in the ass Danny underneath." Kelly smiled and caressed my brow. I could barely see anymore with my face swelling up. It was time to go. Kelly made her formal offers of sponsorship and we all accepted. I thought there would be some hesitation or regret in leaving Mr. Greene behind, but nothing was said. Once on board the ship, I was placed in a medtube and that is the last I remembered until the technician opened the hatch. The pain was gone. Kelly was waiting for me.

"I feel a lot better. Did you change me much?"

"I didn't change you at all."

<A sponsor may not be modified without his or her consent, Danny Bauer.>. I jumped at the voice that seemed to be inside my head and Kelly giggled.

"That was the ship AI talking to you. It takes some getting used to."

"I'm a sponsor? When did that happen?"

"You were retested while in the medtube. You have a six point five CAP score now, high enough to be a sponsor and you get two concubines besides."

<You beginning to care for someone other than yourself and your concern about sponsor Kelly Greene's effectiveness for the Confederacy gave you that extra score needed for sponsorship, Danny Bauer.> Wow! I guessed being punched out by Kelly's father was worth it.

"I hope that doesn't mean we can't still be together."

"I suppose we could set up a joint household if you'd like." Kelly acted shy now.

"I'd like that very much." Kelly jumped into my arms.

"Goody! I want to you to help raise our baby."

"Our baby? You're pregnant?"

"Since Sunday at 11:49:03 a.m. Pacific Standard Time. Condoms aren't foolproof you know."

<That is an approximate time.>. Hot dog! I'm going to be a daddy, was my thought. I now had all the motivation I needed to help save Earth from the Swarm.

"Wait a minute!" my mom blurted, interrupting my narrative. "You mean I'm going to be a grandmother?"

"That's right, Mom. I guess you're starting to believe me now, huh?"

"I guess. Have you selected your concubines yet?"

"No, not yet. Things have been happening pretty quickly."

"You have two of your own sisters that need sponsorship." Shit! Me and my big mouth!

"Please, Mom, not them. I don't get along with Joan and Mary. I never have. Being a concubine is all about sex, having babies and pleasing the sponsor. Let them find some other sponsor."

"All the potential sponsors have left town for the big cities to increase the odds of being picked up. Your sisters right now would mate with a billy-goat if he was sponsor level."

"That billy-goat would be getting a raw deal," I muttered.

"I heard that," Mom responded. "Listen, I know your sisters are no great prizes, but you already pointed out that Confederacy technology can fix their flaws."

They can't fix their personalities."

"There is nothing wrong with your sisters' personalities that a firm hand applied to their backsides can't solve."

<Test results indicate the personalities of concubine candidate Joan Bauer and concubine candidate Mary Bauer are submissive and their behaviors would greatly benefit from light corporal punishment when warranted.> Sheesh! Even the AI agreed with my mother. I sighed in resignation. I knew I was going to take my sisters as concubines even if I bitched and moaned about it in the meantime. Anyway, that's how it went down. A friend of Kelly's was able to pull some strings to get it done since non dependents are not priority for post pick up retrievals. At the same time Kelly got a tall blue-eyed blond dude for her male concubine to replace me. His name is Tim and is a pretty nice guy.

The restaurant didn't fare so well. It was burned to the ground by rioters and it was not just because the people were left behind after the Confederacy pick up. The main target for the pick up had been a black combat veterans' reunion dinner. The veterans grabbed up the restaurant staff as concubines along with all the food, drink, recipes, and just about everything else capable of being moved. The owner didn't care. He was going as a concubine. The people left behind took it out on the building. Kelly's dad got out alive and has since become a mortal enemy of the Confederacy.

Kelly and I joined the Confederacy Navy. She was commissioned a lieutenant and I became a petty officer third class and Kelly's assistant. We were stationed on the moon and Kelly's task was to study various Confederacy procedures and find ways to improve efficiencies. She developed an algorithm which, in theory, improved the rates of pickups and deliveries of colonists. It didn't work in practice because of various delays and side trips ordered by the bigwigs. When Kelly suggested such delays and side trips shouldn't be allowed unless they were justified as a military necessity, her commanding officer told her that these were "command perks" and not to be tampered with. The algorithm was shelved and Kelly's projects are now under closer guidance by her superior so she doesn't get in trouble with someone in the Admiralty.

Kelly is still working on some ambitious projects, but she does it on her own time and keeps it between her and the AI. My main job is to encourage and inspire Kelly. Ironic, huh?

The End