Weekend in Brighton
by Johnnie

Our marriage was going through a rocky period, soon to be terminal, so it turned out.  I was fucking this girl at the office and life at home was becoming difficult. 

Me, I knew how I was feeling, and my wife was worrying about our marriage, we had to do something. 

We decided that a weekend away without the kids would be a good thing, and would enable us to talk through things.  At that time she only knew there was another relationship emerging, not that I was fucking that other girl daily. 

We lived in leafy Surrey and decided to drive down to Brighton on the south coast.  We both packed weekend bags.  Unbeknown to her I went through her bag and removed all her knickers.  I would have removed the bras too but she was very self conscious about her little floppy 34b tits, although I would have loved to see them in a sexy top with no support.  She couldn't see that as a good thing to do. 

As we drove down the M23 I convinced her to pull up her skirt and take off her knickers and to show off her naked cunt She gave a nervous laugh as I threw them out of the car window, but she didn't know that there weren't any in her overnight bag.  I really wanted her to be an exhibitionist but she didn't understand how it would be good for our relationship.  She had little 34b tits with fairly big nipples, a narrow waist and flaring hips. Pretty standard UK Mum.  Fairly large arse, but hadn't worked out that her big arse could have been an asset (Kardashian?) . 

I also thought that she needed to manage her bush.  Not that it was excessive, but it was certainly there. 

We hadn't booked a hotel so just drove to the seafront and asked for a room at a few of the seafront hotels.  We eventually got a room at the King's Hotel.  Our room was at the back of the hotel and overlooked by several blocks of flats. 

When we were left in our (tiny) room we dumped our cases and my wife stripped off and went to shower.  Can't think why as it was only a few hours since she showered at home - whatever. 

I also stripped off to wait for her to come out of the shower for some sex.  I realised that I had left my phone on so jumped off the bed to switch off the ringer.  As I walked back, out of the corner of my eye, I saw movement in an apartment overlooking us.  It was a man, probably in his 60s, who seemed to be looking into our room. 

I knew that he couldn't see the headboard and the top half of the bed so was fairly comfortable lying there stroking my cock until wife came out of the shower, hair still wet. 

I stood up and caught her at the end of the bed - definitely in view of the watcher (if he still was).  I lifted her left leg onto the mattress and stroked her cunt, gently inserting one, then two, then three fingers into her cunt before fucking it hard.  She was a squirter, and soon she orgasmed all over my hand.  I looked up and saw that he was still watching I turned her around and bent her over the foot of the bed, spread her cunt's lips and gently inserted my rigid cock.  As soon as my cock was bottomed out on her vagina I began to fuck her hard, really hard.  She was coming in less than a minute and a minute later I filled her cunt with my spunk. 

I put out a mini dress for her to wear for dinner at a local restaurant. It was black with a transparent panel on the front that would circle her little tits.  It had some built-in support.  I didn't let her wear a bra or knickers (she hadn't realised that I had taken all her knickers out of her bag at this point).  She wasn't that happy with not being allowed to wear a bra, but didn't seem bothered about the knickers. 

As soon as I had dressed we left the room and walked along the sea front. There was a bar just a couple of hotels away, towards the pier that looked good.  We had a great view of the beach from its conservatory type frontage.  I bought some drinks for us and sat down opposite her.  I told her how good she looked in just a dress with no bra or knickers.  She gave me a wry smile. 

We made small talk.  Then she said she needed to go to the toilet.  I nodded and she stood up.  I asked her for a kiss.  When she kissed me I slid my hand up her thigh and felt my spunk running out of her cunt and working its way down her thighs. 

As she kissed me I told her that I wanted her thighs to have the same "wetness" when she returned from the toilet, and that I would be checking she hadn't wiped it away. 

When she returned from the toilet she stood in front of me and lifted the skirt of her dress so that I could observe that my spunk was still on her thighs. 

We left when we had finished our drinks and went to a steak house on Preston Street.  We had a great meal.  We sat next to each other and she, after some encouragement, sat with her legs wide open so I could spread my spunk, it was still dribbling out of her cunt, all over her cunt lips as it dribbled out during the meal.  As I had my hand between her thighs it had pushed her little black dress up to her thighs.  She didn't really notice, but the waiters did.  Her cunt was really hairy and completely un-missable if you were standing next to the table.  Not sure if it was jungle drums or kitchen chat but a lot of chefs and waiters wanted to make sure our steaks were OK 

Dinner over; we walked back the King's hotel and up to our room.  As we walked along the promenade I slipped my hand under her skirt and lifted it up to show her naked bottom.  She was more than a bit drunk.  Once inside the room I embraced her and stripped her of the dress (no underwear).  She went to the toilet and cleaned her teeth.  I undressed and walked to the window.  He was there - looking at our room.  I switched on all the lights. When wife came out of the bathroom I led her to the window side of the bed and put her on her knees, on the bed, with legs spread wide and told her to either play or anticipate being fucked.  I went to the bathroom imagining what the voyeur was watching as I cleaned my teeth and peed. 

When I came out of the bathroom she was still gently stroking her fingers in and out of her cunt.  I stood next to her and told her to work faster and make herself cum.  Her hand went mad as it fucked her, slapping her lips as she fucked herself really hard until she came on her own hand. One glance told me that our watcher was still watching as she squirted all over the palm of her hand. 

I turned her over onto her back.  I spread her legs and soaked her pubic hair with the flannel I was holding.  I soaked her pubic hair and then covered it with shave gel before shaving it all off.  She was vaguely aware that something was going on with her cunt, but she was still fairly focused on recovering our relationship.  Through her drunkenness it was only when I had finished shaving off all her cunt hair that she realised what I had done.  She was incredibly horny. 

Once she was shaved and I was standing naked in front of the window and told her to get off the bed and suck my cock.  She scurried off the bed and knelt down in front of me and took my cock into her mouth and started to suck.  I moved her around a bit so that I could be sure that the watcher could see her mouth taking all my cock and then pulling back, before bottoming it again down her throat. 

I didn't seem very close to coming and wanted to increase the spectacle, so I had her kneel on the bottom of the bed so I could take her from behind. This would give the watcher a better view of her shaved cunt and her little swinging tits.  I leant forward and squeezed her big nipples, making them larger and hard. 

When I was ready to come I told her to kneel in front of me and put her tongue out.  She stroked and rubbed my cock until I came on her tongue. She stood up so that I could see the spunk in her mouth before I told her she could swallow it.  Looking over her shoulder I could see he was still watching. 

We laid on the bed.  I don't know if she wondered why her cunt was facing the window when her pillow was way up the bed, but she seemed happy enough to open her thighs so I could stroke her cunt.  She hadn't taken my spunk in her cunt since before dinner so her cunt was just wet with her juices.  As I fingered her I could feel her cunt getting wetter and wetter until she was begging to be fucked. 

I turned over onto my back and told her she could fuck herself on my cock.  She swung her leg over and reached between her thighs to guide my rigid cock into her swollen cunt.  I had a view of the window and could see that he was still watching.  I decided on a different show. 

She came before I did, but I was fairly close.  Her come had soaked my cock and I told her to get off and lean over the side of the bed.  I adjusted her stance so that I could be sure that he could see exactly what I was doing.  I pushed my cock in and out of her soaking cunt a few times before pulling out and spreading her arse cheeks and pressing my cock into her arsehole. 

She didn't like that one bit, but this was a weekend where we would re-bond so she relaxed her sphincter and allowed me to fuck her arse until I came deep inside her bowels. 

We crawled into bed and I switched off the lights.  I didn't close the curtains.  Before I fell asleep I was thinking about the performance I needed to plan for tomorrow, before we checked out. 

I always wake up first.  I showered and walked back into the bedroom.  I drew the sheets down which waked the wife.  She did a full stretch out on her back, arms over head and toes pointed out, so I pinched her nipples and her cunt lips hard until she squealed.  I asked her if she wanted to be fucked now?  She said no and she needed to pee and wanted to shower and went to do both. 

When she emerged from the bathroom I was lying at the bottom of the bed with a fairly impressive erection.  Watcher was still there as I waited for her.  She bent over and sucked my cock deep into her mouth.  I told her to spread her legs and fuck herself with her fingers.  She found that quite hard to do with a mouth full of cock but somehow she managed it and I heard a gasp on my cock as she came on her fingers.  Her cunt was now very, very wet. 

I told her to maintain that position and got up and walked around behind her.  Watcher was still there.  I positioned my erection and penetrated her vagina.  She was hot; she was pushing back, trying to get more (I didn't have any more!).  I fucked her until she drowned my cock with her cum as she squirted as she came, noisily. 

She didn't know, or realise, that I hadn't come.  I made her swing around to clean my cock with her mouth.  I teased her by telling her to stroke her clitoris and cum again.  My cock was fairly bursting now, both with the knowledge that she had already had a vaginal orgasm and soon to have a clitoral orgasm and then I was going to fuck her arse again.  She didn't know that though. 

She came - all over her hand.  As she stood up I made her lick her hand and bend over the bed to be fucked.  She was really ready to be fucked.  I slid my cock into her slick vagina and fucked her hard.  She was gasping and cumming again as I filled her vagina with my load.  I pulled out and collapsed onto the bed, pulling her down so her face was millimetres over my cock. 

She took my cock into her mouth and gently sucked it until it was hard again.  She was mumbling that she loved me so much and didn't want to split over a horny young tart. 

I flipped her over and slid my hard/wet cock into her vagina.  I fucked her hard until she was gasping, telling me that she was going to come and if I needed to fuck a younger woman that she would let me do it, as long as I fucked her hard like this, so she still felt needed.  I think my erection was stronger than ever when she said that.  I pulled my cock out of her vagina and immediately pushed it into her arse.  She screamed that she didn't want to do that again but I just fucked her anyway. 

I filled her bowels with my spunk again and pulled out.  The spunk had already started to dribble out of her arse.  I swung her around a bit more so that her dribbling arse was visible to the watcher and made her clean my cock with her mouth.  She wasn't happy with that - at all, but she did it. By the time my cock was clean the spunk dribbling out of her cunt was nearly down to her knees. 

She stood up and moved towards the bathroom.  I stopped her and said that if she had any spunk she wanted to dispose of it would need to be via her mouth.  She looked at me as if to say "really", but that is what she did.  Running her finger up her thighs and licking my spunk off her fingers. I went into the bathroom and quickly rinsed her juices (and mine) off my cock.  She was still standing in front of the window and still stark naked. 

I couldn't resist what would probably be our last observed fuck so I pushed her to her knees and made her suck my cock until it was hard enough to penetrate her vagina.  I spun her around and just rammed my cock into her cunt.  The sound of her satisfied gasp was satisfaction enough but I continued to fuck her really hard. 

She was a bit self conscious when we went down to breakfast.  I made her wear a really tiny skirt and a tight top.  No bra, no knickers.  Her skirt barely covered her arse cheeks and her little tits, with their big nipples were poking through her top. 

I sat down at the table and ordered breakfast while she was getting us both juice and fruits.  Watching her moving around the breakfast bar I just wondered why she couldn't be like this all the time instead of the mostly uptight woman that she had become.  I loved the curve of her arse as the skirt stopped at the crease of her arse and legs.  I loved the swing of her unfettered tits and their big, erect, nipples.  But this isn't the woman she wanted to be. 

We finished breakfast and went back to the bedroom.  I stripped her off in the foyer before taking her to the window for our last presentation. 

Without being asked she dropped to her naked knees and opened my trousers.  Fishing around inside for my limp cock.  She pulled it out and began to suck it as she undid by belt and trousers, allowing my clothes to fall to the floor.  I stripped off my T-shirt and we were both naked.  Her naked with a mouthful of cock and me naked and observing the observer.  Did he ever sleep? 

I didn't come in her mouth.  I turned her around and rammed my cock into her cunt.  I fucked her as if I was punishing her.  Probably in my mind I was. 

I think I had decided that this was the last time I would fuck her cunt, as the other woman was so much in my head, but she didn't know, or even think that, she just enjoyed the moment. 

I fucked her until we both came, almost together.  Her first, then I came and she had a secondary as she felt my spunk flood inside her cunt. 

Back home, we soon settled back into our normal routines.  We still slept together but I stopped turning over to fuck her. 

The first time after our Brighton Weekend I made her bring herself to a clitoral orgasm before allowing her to touch my cock. 

After a couple of weeks she noticed the change and began to throw a leg over me and rub her lips on my cock, hoping to get fucked.  It didn't happen.  I was getting loads of sex elsewhere but wasn't man enough to quit that 23 year old relationship. 

I would lay in bed at night, pretending to be asleep so she wouldn't pester me for sex, I could feel the duvet raise as she spread her thighs and raised her knees and took herself to a clitoral orgasm before ramming her fingers in her cunt to finish the job.  She had to change the sheets regularly as her cum would stain them. 

It was probably four weeks later that she knelt on her hand and knees above me in bed and begged me to fuck her.  I told her to suck my cock, which she did with gusto.  When my cock was hard I told her to get onto her knees and spread her cunt lips.  That was a nice view actually, seeing the pink insides of her vagina. 

I slid my hard cock into her vagina - once, before pulling it out and pushing it into her arse and fucking her arse hard.  The pressure difference between cunt and arse was so different that even though I was fucking her hard it felt as if she was constantly squeezing my cock. 

I never, ever, fucked her cunt again, or came in her mouth again.  When she was desperate she would get on her knees and take my cock in her mouth and suck me to an erection and beg me to fuck her hard.  I did, but I fucked her arse and filled her bowels with my spunk. 

I was still fucking the girl from the office (now my wife), and my then wife found a younger man that wanted to fuck an older woman.  She was 45 and he was 33.  I can just imagine how excited he was when he first lifted her skirt to find that she didn't wear knickers.  Not sure whether she does now, but I hope not because it is really horny being with a woman that is naked under their dress or skirt. 

As my wife is now - she doesn't have any knickers and I have complete control over the bra drawer so she is always braless unless she has to go to the office. 

