ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 12

Overwhelmed by the recent occurrence, I was feeling betrayed by both Francesca and myself. I didn't need to post my photos on the internet, but now it was too late! Assuming Francesca and I were finished with our little bit of business, I started to make my way towards her classroom door, when I heard her say, "So Jenifer. The great "Felix Laconia" is going to paint your juicy little pussy and those rock-hard nipples of yours, at his next Exhibition, huh?", as she gave me a wink. I didn't know how to respond, so I said nothing. Just then Mrs. Slate walked back in, and asked, "Jenifer. Are you free this afternoon?" I explained how I was on lunch break and needed to get back to work, never letting on I was working from home that day. "Oh. What a shame", she said in a somber tone. I then made another life changing blunder, and asked, "Why?"

Her reply would open the door for another afternoon of debauchery, disguised as art, should I choose to walk through it. "Well, Jenifer" she started, "I have an unusually large class for a mid-summer workshop, starting in forty-five minutes. Eighteen pupils! It's not a 'Life Model' class, but you may gain valuable, real-life experience, spending an hour or so with us". I somehow had this feeling there was a vail of secrecy hanging over Mrs. Slate's invitation, so I asked, "How so?", unsure I really wanted to know the answer. She had an air of authority when, she said, "It's no secret Felix Laconia would prefer his models did not wear robes during the breaks. Although they are not forbidden. He says, repeatedly having to remove the robes, causes trepidation and anxiety within his models. He found they appear relaxed and almost nonchalant, about their public nudity, when they don't wear them".

I knew where this was heading, so I struggled to restrain myself from screaming out, "Yes! I'll do it!" I patiently waited for Mrs. Slate to get to her point, as I found myself becoming moist between my thighs. She continued, "First I must tell you that the ages of the workshop pupils start at eighteen and go right up to a couple of seniors. Both male and female. Very similar to what you can expect to experience at 'Felix's Exhibit'. Just a smaller space with less people. All the students in the workshop have attended at least two life model classes, so are not squeamish about nudity. What I am suggesting Jenifer, is that you put on a robe, which are back from the laundry by the way, and walk among the artists".

"If and when you feel you are ready to remove the robe, then quietly remove it", she continued. "The class will be informed in advance of your presence, and the reason for it. If you can get the afternoon off, I would recommend you do so. You are a novice 'Life model', Jenifer, and you need this available experience, if you are to pose for Felix Laconia, in San Franscico next month. The time will pass before you know it", she warned. "We are all adults here, Jenifer. We are all adults", she said, then returned to her classroom. Even though that's what I thought she was going to say, I still can't believe I just heard Mrs. Slate, tell me, 'It was for my Betterment', that I walk around her class of eighteen art students, totally naked!

I immediately sent a text to my boss, telling her something had come up, and that I would be in touch later. I received a 'Thumbs Up' emoji, and knew I was going to experience the incredible sensation of being 'The Only One Naked'! Again! I found myself all too willing to surrender my clothes, even though I had not officially given my response to her invitation. Feeling trapped in Francesca's classroom, I contemplated the best way to re-join Mrs. Slate, in her classroom. An environment where I knew I could discretely walk around naked, in view of nineteen clothed people, without consequence. I was getting wet just thinking about it!

Francesca ended the awkward silence, by saying, "Jenifer. I am so sorry about yesterday. I had no idea you were rehearsing for Felix, when I discovered you in the hallway. I'm sure you know I was just kidding, when I said I would post the photos I took of you". The room suddenly became eerily silent. Then Francesca continued, "You were also kidding when you told me you really posted them, right?...... Jenifer? You really didn't post those photos, did you?" I wasn't sure if Francesca was covering her tracks, or if I was simply a complete fool for posting the photos, so I could do nothing but give her a blank stare. Her eyes became wide open as she screeched, OMG! Jenifer!"

She ran over, stood beside me, and said, "I cannot believe you posted naked pictures of yourself on the internet! Now I just have to see them!" I just stood there completely stunned, but aware my attempt to get to Mrs. Slate's classroom had just become an endeavor. I stuttered, as I said, "Maybe later. I've got to get ready for the class". Francesca replied, "Oh come on Jen! That class doesn't start for more than a half hour! Let me see the pictures! You owe it to me, Jenifer! If I hadn't taken them, you wouldn't have had them to post!" "I owe you! I owe you! Are you kidding me?", I thought to myself. If only she knew how my 'Post', seemed to have taken on a life of its own. Comment after comment after comment. The good, the bad and the ugly.

Francesca looked at me as if we were best friends. Her demeanor seemed genuine, but it was her motives, I was most concerned about. She sat at her desk, pulled the keyboard a few inches closer, then said, "O.K. Jen. Give me that address". I don't know why, but I reluctantly told her the web address, I had posted my photos on. She pulled it up immediately and found my naked ass, greeting her on the 'Welcome Page'. I could see she was clearly enamored seeing the photos she took, posted on the web. Francesca spent some time studying the pictures, one at a time. All thirty-one of them. I was petrified of what she might say, as I watched her read through the comments, that had now numbered, forty-seven. She looked at me, then back to her computer screen.

I became even more anxious, as the anticipation of Francesca's response to my post, engulfed me. Just then, she announced, "OMG! Jenifer! Your post is awesome! The pictures. The viewer's comments. All of it! It's Awesome!", still staring at her laptop screen. All of a sudden, she stood up, retrieved a chair and placed it next to hers, saying, "Come on Jen. Come sit with me, so we can examine your post together!" With some hesitation, I sat next to Francesca, who continued to be captivated by my naked photo submittal to the site. I sat there in silence, as she went up and down my post, looking at the photos and reading the comments that were still trickling in.

As I was watching her laptop screen, I was astounded as I observed Francesca zoom in on my pussy, from one the full-frontal photographs in the collection. She zoomed in close enough to frame my freshly shaven mound, along with the two-inch gap between my thighs, and said, "You should let me taste it". "WHAT?" I exclaimed! She turned towards me, and said, "Your pussy, Jen! You should let me taste your pussy!" I was completely taken off guard when Francesca waved her hand, and said, "Lesbian!". It was the second time in three days that an acquaintance of mine, had revealed to me that she was a lesbian. I was starting to get a complex.

"No Francesca! No!", I replied, concerning her request to taste my pussy. She tried the pity routine, saying, "Oh Come on, Jenifer! Just a lick or two?" My reply seemed to come from someone other than me, when I snapped, and said, "Francesca! My pussy is not a Lolli Pop!" She just gave me the most seductive expression, and said, "I bet it tastes better than any Lolli Pop I've ever had", then returned her focus to the website. I couldn't deny my total state of titillation, but knew it was time to go. I stood up, hoping to make my way to Mrs. Slate's classroom, with no additional drama, when Francesca stood up and walked over to me.

She took my hand and led me to the two adjoining changing rooms, that were a mirror image of the changing rooms Kevin and I had used in Mrs. Slate's class, the day before. I was trembling, when she said, "You may as well get ready here, for your upcoming class, Jen. There are fresh robes in the changing rooms", as she returned to her laptop. I meekly replied, "I'll change over in Mrs. Slate's classroom", as I made my way towards her classroom door. "If that's what you want to call it", Francesca muttered, freezing me in my tracks. "What does that mean?", I asked, as I turned around to face her. "I didn't mean anything by that, Jen. It's only that 'technically' you won't be changing, you'll just be getting undressed, is all", she replied, still staring at my naked photos.

"Francesca! I will have a robe on!", I insisted! "Yeah. But for how long?", she calmly replied, still fixated on my naked pictures. I defiantly stormed over to her changing rooms, walked into the one on the right, and slammed the door behind me. I immediately realized that I had just officially eliminated all possible escape routes. I would have to leave this room, wearing nothing but a white terrycloth robe, hoping my clothes would still be here when I returned. After removing my sandals, jeans and blouse, which I folded and placed neatly on the bench, I started to have this ominous feeling come over me, while I looked down at my breasts, as I removed my bra and placed it with my blouse. My nipples were firm and erect, indicating the state of arousal I was already in. Nonetheless, I slipped off my panties, put on a robe and exited the changing room.

"Come sit, Jenifer", Francesca said, without even turning around to see me. "We'll read the newest comments together. You still have 25 minutes until the class begins", she continued. I don't know why, but I took the seat next to her, and joined her in looking at the comments that were recently posted. Francesca said, look at this one Jen, as she guided the arrow to someone's remarks, and read them out loud,

..... "The utter humiliation this girl is experiencing is apparent from her facial expressions. However, it's the fact the little slut was so clueless about what was happening around her, that has me baffled. I mean really. Who in this day and age, would strip completely naked in a public space, and not realized anyone could be lurking about with their cell phone cameras at the ready. She should have known this was going to happen. Like I said, 'Clueless'!" .....

"That person just called you a 'Clueless Little Slut', Jen!", Francesca said, as she started laughing uncontrollably. I told her to keep her voice down, as the reality of the viewer's comments were starting to hit home. "This is all your fault", I said, still urging her to lower her voice. "Oh. What are you worried about, Jenifer? Afraid someone might find out Felix Laconia's newest 'Life Model' is nothing but a tawdry little slut, who likes to post naked pictures of herself on the internet? Don't worry. Your secret is safe with me", she said. I felt so ashamed of myself and the photos I had posted but was unable to deny the exhilaration that accompanied that shame. Once again, I found the experience intoxicating.

Mrs. Slate entered the room at that moment, and said, "Oh good, Jenifer. You're ready. Several of the students have already arrived, if you'd like to come meet them". "Meet them?", I asked. "I thought I wasn't supposed to approach the artists". She replied, "Yes dear, that's true but only if you are the subject they're painting. Today the artists will be painting a small antique table set for two, with a bowl of fruit in the center, as the main subject matter. You're here to gain some much-needed experience with public nudity, and to help you become more comfortable with the idea, so you are prepared to model for Felix". My arousal turned to fear, as I followed Mrs. Slate. Even though I was wearing a robe, I felt naked and exposed as I entered her classroom.

Both male and female artists of all ages were in the room, while some were walking in right behind me. Knowing most of the students had been informed about my attendance in their class and the reason for it, made the encounter that much more unnerving. The cold tile floors beneath my feet, along with having only a single article of clothing for cover, made me feel like I was already naked. Unlike yesterday's class of only four students, this class seemed to fill the entire room. Completely apprehensive about with my surroundings, not to mention the daunting task before me, I was rendered motionless. That was until a woman, who must have been in her mid-seventies, walked up to me.

The woman reached out her hand to shake mine, and said, "You must be Jenifer". I could only nod "Yes", as she continued. "My name is Elizabeth, but everyone calls me Lizzy. I enjoy painting 'Life Models', Jenifer, but only engage in the activity, if I can do it in my own home, mostly for privacy reasons. You understand. Do you do private poses?" Before I could respond, she said, "I pay handsomely", as she gave me a grandmother's smile. I was temporarily relieved about my circumstances, as I pondered her question. Mrs. Slate suddenly announced the class was to start in ten minutes, when Lizzy quietly said, "Please think about it, Jenifer. I live next to the police station, so you can be assured you will be safe", smiling again, then walking away, allowing me time to meet some others, before the class would start.

I made my way around the room and only spoke, if I was spoken too first. Well... I pretty much spoke with everyone anyway. I felt so welcome, as I had brief one on one conversations with almost all of the student artists. By the time the ten minutes was up, I could visualize myself, nonchalantly removing my robe, while immersed in a conversation with three or more of the students, appearing completely relaxed and confident in my nudity. In real time, the students took their places, as I thought about 'How not to be a Distraction', like walking around totally naked, in view of everyone, wouldn't be a distraction. Mrs. Slate decided to make another announcement. Class....I see you have all met Jenifer. Jenifer will be posing for none other than, 'Felix Laconia', next month!"

I was standing in the back of the room, when everyone turned around to face me, then started to applaud. Each clap vibrating from the hands of the eighteen artists, felt like an indispensable thread was being removed from my psychological robe. Every ounce of my dignity, along with my self-esteem, was evaporating into the air around me, as I had undoubtedly become the center of attention. I was hoping for my '2nd naked walk', to have a more inconspicuous atmosphere. I wanted to be as unassuming, as naked girl among clothed people can be. But now I felt like I was under a microscope, regardless of Mrs. Slate's intentions.

I remembered, while waiting for the applause to settle down, how four people, whose ages ranged from their twenties to their fifties, had used the word 'JOB' while describing what they knew about posing for Felix Laconia. Everyone seemed to have heard of this guy, but me! They revealed what they knew during our short conversations, as others nodded in agreement. That's when it finally occured to me. "This was an opportunity that required real work!" As the students turned around and started working their craft, my spine stiffened, so I removed the robe. I placed it on a coat hook by the classroom door, then took a few steps in both directions, before venturing even further.

As much as I tried to convince myself that I was participating in what might be the making of next year's masterpiece, I could not deny that walking around totally naked, provided me with the sensation that I craved! Suddenly, Lizzy called out to me, asking, "Jenifer. Do you have a moment dear?" I looked to Mrs. Slate for guidance, when she nodded that it was o.k. for me to join Lizzy at her easel. She was positioned right in the middle of the other artists, which meant I would be in the view of most of them, as I made my way over to her. Believe it or not, I felt totally at ease and uninhibited, as I walked my 'Naked Ass' over to Lizzy.
