Pornographic obsession

My wife's name is Kim she is the same age as me; twenty seven, five two with brown hair and brown eyes. She is quite skinny which means her breasts are rather small but I love the fact that she has a really tiny waist.  We married six years ago.

About three years ago a guy from work, who had a load of porn that he'd collected over the years, moved in with his new girlfriend and found she didn't wish to have the stuff in their flat. So he came in to work one day and offered it around.

I think many of the blokes at work were interested but didn't think taking it home would be a smart move; most were older than me and either had children or suspected their partners wouldn't approve. There were a couple of guys who said maybe and I just kept quiet wondering if I should or not.

Anyway a few days later the guy put his head around the office door and said that anyone who wanted to take some of his `stuff' should see him after work as it was in his car.

Now I had though about it and although I wasn't certain how Kim would react to keeping any of it long-term I was pretty sure she wouldn't mind viewing a movie or two. I had it in mind to grab a DVD from him if I got the chance but when he left around five thirty I was tied up with a client and never got the opportunity to see him.

So much for that or so I thought. The following evening I was in the car park when Don approached me and asked if I fancied a `bit' of porn. I thought he'd given it all away and gave a non-committal `OK' and then he said he'd get it.

I stood by my car as he appeared with a box full of bits and pieces and after I'd woken to the fact that it was all for me I opened the boot and in it went. I was about to close it when he said, `wait a second' and he returned with another box dropping it beside the first.

"Jesus, Don." I said, or something like that. "I'm surprised you're not blind!" He just laughed and said "enjoy it mate but if you don't want it throw it away." Then we went our separate ways.

Once I got home I opened the boxes and looked inside. I guess I'd expected just DVDs or videos but there were all sorts of things: There were well over a dozen DVDs and six or seven video cassettes; some were originals but many were simply copies. He had several books and magazines at the bottom.

Even more surprisingly the second box was crammed with clothes, all for women and what I could see all definitely indoor only. Kim had a body stocking which she'd purchased on the internet and had worn a few times when we'd felt the occasion deserved it but without delving too far into the box I could see a pair of crotch-less knickers, a shiny red corset and a ridiculous mini dress that was more or less transparent and when I picked it up found it weighed less than a pair of my socks. Since the box was full there were clearly many other items as well.

I remember having a huge hard on as I looked at the dress then I couldn't suppress a laugh when noticed a couple of packages tucked down the side of the box whose titles indicated they held a large vibrator and a set of duo-balls. I stared at these for several moments then almost guiltily I picked them out. The vibrator box was still covered in its cellophane wrapping and clearly unopened. The duo-balls box was open and inside they sat on kitchen paper clearly previously used. I put them back distrustfully and placed the dress and knickers back on top.

I looked at the array of material and wondered about Don. He was in his late thirties and had been divorced for several years so I was guessing the clothes and devices were possibly his ex's although I knew he'd dated several women and at least three since I'd known him, which was about two years, so I couldn't be certain.

I then went through the DVDs: As I've mentioned a few were professional ones but many were recordable discs with their contents scrawled on the front, the video cassettes, apart from one, were all like this. The magazines and books were stacked neatly at the bottom so I left them.

I had decided not to play anything just then, partly because I'd phoned Kim and told her about the boxes and she'd suggested we go through them together and secondly I was aware of the aching hard-on which, if I spent too much time going over all the stuff, I knew I would have had to relieve. I wanted to save that for the evening.

Having repacked the boxes I shoved them in the corner of the living room and waited for my wife to appear which she did a few minutes later. It was strange, I was really eager to get down to the business of unpacking all the stuff but she had seemingly forgotten all about it so I waited for her to reappear after changing out of her work suit but instead we sat in the kitchen and discussed our days as we prepared the evening meal.

Actually it was a good thing to have done so because although I didn't forget about the boxes we moved on to more sensible topics and had finished our dinner before Kim asked me where the `naughty-stuff ` was.

We were like children at Christmas when we sat and opened the first box. This was the one with the clothing in and we both laughed as she began to fish items out one by one. The dress, knickers and Corset were followed by several body stockings, another dress and a couple of pairs of stretchy shiny leggings. A black plastic mini skirt that didn't seem long enough to cover anything and a matching top were below, along with a ridiculous nurse uniform. Right at the bottom there was a pair of black heels along with loads of sets of stockings, knickers and garters.

Kim had discarded the duo-balls with barely a glance but finding the vibrator box still in its wrappings she looked at it and grinned at me. She then looked at the clothes in more detail and announced that at least he'd had the decency to wash them.

We turned our attention to the other box and began to fish the DVDs out one by one. They had a variety of themes and content with some of the copies holding several items and this was the case with all but one of the video cassettes. The magazines were full of hardcore pictures while the books had loads of stories in them.

I was expecting Kim to either laugh at it all or tell me to throw it away but she sat for a few minutes then packed the box with the clothes and said in a slightly strange voice. "I better put these somewhere safe." And off she went upstairs.

I packed away the magazines stopping to view a couple of picture of a woman stuffed full of two large cocks then did the same with the rest of the things although I left one of the DVDs on the top in the faint hope we might watch it.

I'm not sure what I expected Kim to do with the clothes but the one thing I didn't expect was for her to walk into the lounge dressed in the heels, fishnet stockings and crotch-less knickers

"Stick a DVD on then." She said as I gawped foolishly at her.

She switched off the main lights then sat on the sofa waiting as I put in the disc and scurried to sit next to her. The movie opened with a woman playing with herself and then followed some stupid plotline which involved her being banged by several guys and a couple of women before it ended. It was puerile and unbelievable but we were as horny as could be within moments of it starting and both of us had cum quickly then settled down again as we played with each other.

The whole evening was simply wonderful; we finally stopped the DVD well before the end as we were both spent; I having cum for a second time. We then went to bed Kim laughing about it all and confessing she'd had to stuff a pair of old stockings she'd found in the ends of the shoes because they were far too large for her.

I was more than grateful to Don for a great evening although I didn't actually tell him that because I was too embarrassed. In fact on the only occasion he asked, I said my wife hadn't really approved and left it there. 

So began our slow trip into the delights of pornography and fantasy. We went through a couple of recordings over the next few weeks. We both got off watching the sexual antic of the actors on the screen  including those when they had multiple partners: Kim really got off on one when a woman was taken on all fours and was seen after the event still on her knees her lover's semen dripping down onto the sheet below off her back.

The magazines were graphic but not particularly up to much when compared to the videos but the books were different: At first we had avoided them then after several weeks we read a book of real-wife stories which were varied, somewhat erotic but mostly trite and to be honest rather poorly written. The theme of that book was swinging so all the stories were therefore very formulaic however it was the second book we opened which was turned out to be much more compelling.

Firstly it was far more graphic; it was all about forced sex and even had descriptive rape/humiliation tales. There was one that really got Kim excited describing in some detail how a small housewife is forced to service a huge black man who comes to stay for a while. I can't remember it that well now but at the time we read it half a dozen times and it really hit the spot with Kim. The basic premise was that the woman is taken again and again by the man for about a week and when he leaves she is ruined for her husband as she has been resized for the man's monster cock.

It was during our shared readings that my wife started to dress in the other clothes from the box: As well as the stockings she also wore the basque, the dresses and then one evening she presented herself to me in the corset and sheer stockings. Her tiny waist looked even smaller and she looked so hot I nearly came as soon as she caressed me.

"I feel really slutty in this." She whispered as we touched each other. "God I want to be really dirty. Get one of the storybooks!"

I raced to the cupboard and grabbed one we'd avoided because frankly the topic was just so extreme, I returned to sit on the bed with her she glanced at it but made no comment. We read the first story as we played with each other getting more and more turned on as the story got really graphic. "I could do with your cock now!" She stated and dragged me onto her. I slid into her very wet hole and began to pump away. She felt really great beneath me as I gripped her tiny waist before settling down on top as her legs snaked around me.

"God that's such an awful story!" She stated as we got into a rhythm. "I love the thought of being used. It's like the other stories only even nastier!" She panted. "It sounds true as well. Just think somewhere there is that woman being used by her son's two friends."

"Do you really think so?" I asked doubtfully as I ground into her. She moaned and shuddered holding me close for a few moments before allowing me to continue. "It has the ring of truth about it, I can just tell! I've often thought what would happen if I worked in a school and some of the sixth-formers came on to me. I mean what if some hot young guys try to seduce me. How can one cope?"

"It's no different to any other workplace." I stated slightly mystified by this. "You just say no."

"I bet you wouldn't resist if some hot seventeen year olds threw themselves at you!"

"I would. Let's face it if we were a teachers we'd lose our jobs and anyway why would any seventeen year old find us remotely attractive? It would be like dating their mum or dad."

"You're wrong. We're not old and they like the maturity, I did. No it's different to any other working environment. I read somewhere that a lot of twenty something teachers end up having sex with their pupils it's practically an epidemic." 

There was little I could say to this so we continued to move together silently for a few minutes then she said. "God I'd so love it if I was that teacher being force-fucked by a couple of huge studs." She then got really excited again and this time we both climaxed.

More or less a week later we sat reading further tales: all these stories were on the same theme: married women being used by younger or older men. Apart from one, where the husband sets it up, they were about coercion and in some cases rape. These stories were very graphic and quite extreme with one in particular describing in some detail about a young woman who is abducted while on a solo walking holiday in Africa and then being forced to work in a brothel for the whole two weeks before being released. Of course being a story she has had the sexing of her life from lots of old but very experienced black men and is a different woman after.

Kim loved this one as well as the blackmailed-teacher one but then we read a story about another hung black guy and a married woman which she never tired of hearing. It revolved around a family taking in an exchange student from their daughter's school for a term only despite being very young he is very sexually mature and seduces the daughter within a day or two. He then plots with some of the other students and they help him force the mother to have sex with him. Basically she is blackmailed from then on and she soon allows the teenager to use her whenever he wants. Kim absolutely loved this because she said it was so utterly humiliating for the woman.

I suppose things would have been very different if it hadn't been for the large collection DVDs; largely un-viewed up to that point since we'd kept to the professional looking ones rather than the illegal copies.

Kim had dressed in stockings and skimpy knickers many times over during the past few weeks and we'd always had great sex as a result but then one Friday we were due to go out but our friends phoned and cancelled due to illness so we decided to make an evening of it anyway.

Kim slipped away then presented herself to me in the red plastic body suit and the high heels. It was the first time she'd put it on and she looked fantastic as it was really tight and very erotic. That night we decided to view a new DVD so selected one of the copies at random then sat to view it. The content was in many ways much better than the other ones because it was an amateur married woman having sex. To cap it all, the woman opened her legs at the end to her husband to show the thick deposit left in her as it pooled inside her open hole.

Kim was really turned on by her very sexy clothes before we even started the DVD so   we both came twice very quickly. She didn't want the evening to end so asked me to get the vibrator (which had remained in its box until then). I dashed to our bedroom and returned presenting her with it. She tore open the wrapping and then looked at me and said `batteries'. I knew we had some so grabbed it and within a minute or two I was back. She asked me to `shove it in' which I did and pushing about two inches inside her I switched it on.

I've never seen anything like it. Kim climaxed almost immediately and then begged me to put it right in. The object was I suppose, around the same size as my cock so nothing too impossible to get up her but as I worked it in she came again then to my great shock pushed me out of the way and sitting back on the floor she grabbed it herself and rammed it in and out of her pussy as hard as she could. "Oh fuck yea" She said about a dozen times then seemed to explode. That was enough for her and she pulled it out and tossed it to one side then fell on her back exhausted.

That night in bed she snuggled me and said she would never have thought of using a vibrator before but that she was so glad we'd acquired one. She went on to ask me if I liked her dressed in the fetish gear and when I said yes she confessed that wearing it made her feel a cross between a porn star and a hooker.

So after that we began to explore the DVDs again only this time viewing the copies. We discovered that apart from the professional ones that we'd already watched the rest were `amateur' tapes (well amateur models anyway) and it was clear that like Kim, Don (or his former wife or girlfriend) had a thing for married women with younger or older men and like most of the other material they were always black.

We were soon regularly viewing DVDs of various women being taken by black studs who it seemed always came big and got the woman to present their used holes to the camera so the results could be seen by everyone. We had read all the stories by then but re-read them, Kim getting off on them every time. She had even started to get me to whisper little stories of how she might end up in a similar situation, not that I was much good at think up the scenarios. 

I guess it was heading down a path that Kim wanted to go down and as time went on she seemed to get more rather than less excited by the DVDs and stories even though we'd read all of them before and watched all the DVD many times. This continued for several months with no sign of abating, in fact Kim was now far more sexual than she had ever been before to my great enjoyment.

One evening Kim suggested I find our old video player as the only material we'd not viewed were the VHS cassettes so I did and once hooked up she discarded the one that was obviously a professionally made porn movie and she put in one that had what appeared to be several recordings on it.

I suppose I should have expected there to be some truly amateur material about but to see it was still a bit of a shock. Basically the very first tape showed a woman in her forties sitting on a sofa with a man much younger than her. The sound was really poor and the camera a bit shaky but we saw them get it on until she is down to her stockings only and then she mounts him. Kim was really blown away by this and although it was very poor quality she found it a huge turn on and came several times.

It was followed by a very similar one only this time the woman did it in the back of a car, then one with a young fat woman in a really dark room. Then this was followed by a woman in her late twenties or early thirties who was dressed in a tiny skirt and heels who sat nervously then was joined by a black guy who was considerably older than her. They kissed then despite her looking over and saying that she didn't think she could do it, the guy continued to grope and probe her until she was eventually taken by him.

It was very real and her look of shame and joy was amazing as she came with him. It jumped to them on a bed where she was taken quite violently by the man and we got to see her climax again then she covers herself up when she realises that she is still being filmed.

There were a few more tapes with similar themes all of which Kim wanted to see again and again with continual comments about the fact that the women looked so hot lying under their `studs', as she put it.

So moving forward, seven months after I brought home the tapes Kim suggested we let out our spare room to a student for a term. It was so transparent that I just looked at her and asked her straight out if it was to fulfil her fantasy, in which case the answer was a flat no.

She looked genuinely upset at this but I was more than a little pissed at the suggestion that she wanted to take a lover, or whatever you would call it. A week later I came home late one evening to find Kim had cleared out the spare room and announced that she'd put an ad in the local paper.

So we had a row but I already knew I was fighting a loosing battle so asked her why she was so hell bent on this. She said it would help with our rising mortgage costs and that's all. I waited for the time when she announced we had a lodger when I'd simply tell her no. I was really concerned how that would go however.

That Thursday she informed me a potential new house guest was about to pay us a visit to which I shrugged saying nothing but determined that he wouldn't be in my house for more than five minutes.

The doorbell sounded and Kim rushed out as I stood, having thought it through and fixed on what I was going to do. If my wife refused to get the guy to leave I was going to simply phone her mother which I knew would send her into immediate panic mode.

She walked in with our new guest and I nearly fainted. The girl was very pretty. She smiled at me and introduced herself with a giggle "as, well... Kim!"

We sat and chatted for ages about work and other things and discovered she also worked at the same firm as me and had just moved to the area. After that she seemed to hang on my every word and a little later I caught my Kim's eye as she gave me a knowing look then I showed Kim two the room and she announced she liked it.

That night in bed Kim was very physical. "Do you know what I want?" she asked. "No." I replied waiting. "I want you to fuck Kim in front of me."

"Don't be stupid." I answered.

"It's not stupid. I was checking her out as she met you and it's clear that she finds you really attractive."

"Crap!"

"She does, she was all over you and if I'd not been about she'd have hit on you properly! Now when she comes over tomorrow to give us the final once-over I'm going to pretend to be out. I bet she'll try it on with you and if she does I'll be waiting to come in and watch."

"This is pathetic. She doesn't fancy me and I won't do it." I knew as I said it however that both were untrue.

"We'll see." Kim stated knowingly.

The following night the other Kim came to the house and once inside it was clear my wife had been correct. We chatted for ages and I could read the signs that she liked me, a lot. Now I'm not unattractive but no Adonis so I was surprised but then again we seemed to click. She then suggested that she had some doubts and insisted we view the room together; it was contrived but I was now up for it. 

Once there she pushed the door closed and immediately pulled her dress over her head. She wore hold-ups and a small thong underneath and I could see her trimmed brown bush peaking out.

"I really want you." She stated the obvious then kissed me massaging my growing erection in my pants. I was unable to resist her she was simply stunning so I let her help me out of my trousers then after rolling on a condom she got on top and we made love.

My wife was seemingly in the room only a few minutes later and to my surprise the girl was quite unperturbed and paused only briefly before continuing. My wife then took out our digital camera and took loads of pictures of us. It didn't last too long after that and I soon came at which point the girl seemed to lose her nerve and climbed off, picking up her dress as she dived to the bathroom.

"Told you!" Kim said smugly.

When she came out looking embarrassed my Kim took her hand and told the girl that it was fine and she was not only cool about it she was keen for us to do it again! I realised the new Kim was struggling to come to terms with this but after a drink and a chat she agreed to still take the room although she added she wasn't moving in to be some kind of sex plaything!

I was aware there was also an ulterior motive to my wife's willingness to allow another woman to sleep with me and that emerged a week later when she told me in bed she intended to try a black man. It wasn't open for debate it was a statement and besides I'd just had sex with the other Kim for a second time, the night before, and we both knew that the new Kim had enjoyed it.

So it was organised; my wife arranged to meet a black man one evening at a hotel and dressed for sex in front of me: She wore hold-ups a short (very) dress and heels with some lacy underwear then after applying rather too much makeup she slipped off alone.

I was very worried that evening especially as she didn't return until very, very late. When she came in her eyes were wide and she had a grin that stayed with her for two days. The man was hung (she'd ensured that when she'd made contact) and had taken her `to heaven and back', so she said.

After that she made contact with a series of black men and visited them either at pre-arranged hotels or occasionally at their homes. I never met one but she did tell me about the sex while playing with me; usually very physical and often prolonged. After three months and several meetings she left to meet a man and phoned me to let me know she was staying over. After that first night she usually did.

It was around Christmas that she went out on a Friday and wasn't home until the Sunday turning up looking a mess with bites and marks all over. She confessed that she'd had multiple partners that weekend and her very messy sex was full of the cum of at least seven different men. I was worried about what she'd become but strangely in between these very extreme sex sessions Kim is about as normal as one would expect.

We saw friends, had romantic dinners out and while she dressed attractively it was always in an elegant almost understated way, even holidays are just as they were without even a hint of desire for further sexual adventures. Yet two or three times a month my wife becomes in her own words a `black cock loving whore' when she will dress like a slut (I've seen some of the explicit clothing she take with her and watched her walk out our door in the flimsiest of skirts) and begs to be used by the black men she's chosen.

The other Kim is totally cool about both what my wife gets up to (we didn't feel we could keep it a secret from her given my Kim dresses for sex then leaves alone!) and for some reason is willing to wait until these evenings so she can share my bed. We see quite a bit of each other at work and there have been a few occasions (our works Christmas dinner was one) when she's thrown herself at me and we've had sex but mostly it's just the times when my wife is out.

Some might see this as a life to be envied as I have sex with two women who both seem to love me in their own way (the `other' Kim has told me she loves me many times over recently) and willing to share me, yet my wife by her own admission has now slept with over one hundred men (all black) in the past eighteen months. I've never seen her with one of them for which I'm very grateful. She tells me she is very content and although I wonder where this will finally end, it's been going on for so long now that just maybe we will continue in the strange reality for years to come?

