The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

This is the repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 47

Kitten Fun

I do not really remember the drive into Vail.  Andy had told me she wanted to be tied to the bed
and fucked all night.  And, as she told me, she was playing with my cock through my trousers. 
Who could think about driving? However, I do remember the tires of the truck squealing as I
negotiated the mountain roads at high speed.

The little tease would let her hand move to my shoulder or stomach or arm as she changed the
subject by talking about something I cared nothing about, which, at the moment, was everything
but fucking her.

"Do you think I should lighten my hair, sweetheart," she might begin in an innocuous tone.  She
would talk about hair coloring or something inane with both knew was of no importance. But, just
when my mind had pushed fucking her to a back burner for a second, she would grab my cock
and squeeze, saying something like "are you going to fuck my ass with that big cock of yours?" or
"Davy, I need you in me so much."

You can see why my mind never left the thought of her in my bed.

We were still east of Eisenhower Tunnel when the car phone rang.

"It is Mom for you," she said, handing me the phone.

"Hi, Mary."

"Davy, we are exhausted.  Do you mind if we spend the night here in Aspen?" she asked.

"Of course not."

I could hear Lisa in the background. "Go ahead. Ask him," she said.

Mary was silent.  Then she cleared her throat.

"Davy, we both are.  Well.  We are horny.  Can we enjoy each other?  I hope you don't mind me
asking.  I know you will not be there to see us.  But."

"What is he saying?" Lisa asked.

"Go ahead. Have fun, but only the two of you.  No others."

"Oh, yes," I heard Lisa shout.

"Thank you, Davy.  See you tomorrow night.  We love you."

I explained to Andy what they wanted.  She had a funny expression as if waiting for me to say
something specific and wondering if I would.  I want my kittens to be happy.  I want them to be
well fucked.  But, how was I going to keep twenty of them satisfied?  I had some ideas.  I just
needed to make up my mind.

With Andy still teasing me, the fantasies started flooding, blocking out any other thoughts.  Here is
how I fantasied it.

The house was locked and all the lights were off.  Andy lit two candles in the bedroom.  Our bed
has two leather straps, like long belts, which go around the mattress and buckle to hold the belt
firmly in place.  One is around the mattress in a location which places it under a kitten's neck.  The
other is placed under her hips. We keep the straps unbuckled and tucked away until we want to use
them. Andy had buckled them in place.

When I returned from the dungeon where I had raided the toy box for the things I would need, she
was naked, sitting on the edge of the bed waiting for me. She gave me a warm and wicked smile
before turning her back toward me and lifting her hair out of the way to allow me to attach a
leather restraint collar around her neck.  After I buckled the thick leather with the O-ring in back, I
patted the bed.  She lay back. I clipped the collar to the O-ring on the strap around the mattress.

"Oh. I can't raise my head.  What will happen to me?" she said huskily, holding up a wrist to me. 
She watched me intently as I buckled the restraint around her wrist. She lay her hand by her head,
allowing me to attach her arm to the strap.  Then, I did the other arm.

She was secure now, neck and wrists attached to the strap.  I saw her muscles tighten and relax as
she tested her bondage.  I saw her hands clench and unclench in anticipation.

"What have you planned for me?" she asked breathlessly.

"One thing I have not planned is an orgasm."

Her whole body flinched.

"Are you so cruel to a damsel in distress?"

Cruel?  Not on your life.  I could smell her pussy.  With a finger, I dipped into it, making her gasp. 
Her juices were running down the crack of her ass.

My fantasy saw Andy (you know what she looks like) on her back, naked, arms and neck
restrained in an open and available position. It was not against her will. Rather, she was entirely for
her situation. Just thinking about it had brought her to the edge of orgasm.  Her nipples were erect,
her pussy flowing, her skin hot and pink.  Her eyes were moist and pleading to be fucked.

I sat by her as she extended one leg by me.  I took her other ankle in my hand and brought her
foot to my lips. I started with her little toe, kissing, tonguing, sucking, as I worked my way slowly
up her leg, stopping to nibble the tender back of her knee.  I worked up her thigh, feeling her
twitch and squirm until I got to her pussy.  I licked her slit, careful not to touch her clit.  She was
begging by now.

"Come on, Davy.  Fuck me," she moaned.

But, I was just starting. I did the other leg the same way. I noticed when the sweat broke out
between her breasts.  I could see her love juices flowing, feel her heat and tension. I leaned over
her to kiss her breasts.  Her legs scissored around me as she tried to pull me into her.

I took a piece of rope, put the slip knot around her ankle and pulled it tight. I pulled her ankle snug
to her thigh and tied the rope around it. Her legs were bent and trapped.

"No, honey. Please, no.  Take me.  I need you so," she begged.

Take her?  Would you?  Of course.  We both would.  But, not yet.

It was going to be a long time before I fucked her. I planned to caress and enjoy every inch of her,
to tantalize and tease her until she was delirious with need.

Have I told you I love to eat pussy?  I do, you know. I started slowly, letting her ebb and flow,
letting her build and then, when she was close to orgasm, letting her back down. She screamed and
cursed.  She tried kicking me with her bound legs. I ignored her pleas.

Then, I slipped a rope behind each knee and bound it to the strap, bringing her bent legs up and as
wide as was comfortable for her. I knee walked between her legs.  She started to giggle.  She
thought she was going to get fucked.

I lodged the tip of my cock in the entrance to her pussy and stopped.  I could feel her trying to
draw me into her by sheer pussy power. I rocked a little giving her an inch more and she tried to
thrust her hips up to trap me, but her bondage would not let her.  I pulled back out again until she
could feel my cock head on her pussy lips, but I was not really in her.

Hot like a furnace.  Tight like a spring.  Screaming and begging, pleading to be fucked.  I kept
tantalizing her until I was afraid she would go crazy. I untied the knots which bound her legs.  She
straightened them. In an instant, I jammed my cock all the way home as she locked her legs around
me and clamped her pussy down on my shaft.

"OH YOU SONOFABITCH! SOOO GOOD!" she screamed as she began her first of many
orgasms.

That was my fantasy as we drove into town.

I won't tell you all about it, about what really happened.  You will have to imagine this wonderful
creature suffering the greatest of tortious delights, delayed orgasm.  I will tell you she was
drenched with sweat and delirious with need when I finally put my cock in her. It was almost two
hours after I attached her to the bed before I finished with her and drifted off to sleep. I will tell
you, too, that it was better than my fantasy, but it always is with Andy.

The burglar alarm went off in the night. Andy groaned.  I had left her neck and wrist attached to
the bed after we finished our love session.  Then, I heard the electronic tones indicating the alarm
was being deactivated.  In a minute, I heard footsteps as Lisa and Mary entered the room.

"What are you two doing here?" I asked groggily.

"We were lonely," Mary replied, as she began to quickly undress.

Lisa was naked in a flash and slipped in the covers by me. I felt her hand on my cock and her
nipple rings against my back.

"Move over, Andy,"  Mary whispered.

"Mother.  I am attached to the bed.  I can't move over."

"Well, I am glad you two had fun," Mary said with mock disapproval as she unfastened her
daughter from bondage.

"Don't, Mom.  I want to spend the night tied up," Andy whined like a ten-year-old child.

As Lisa and I watched, Mary reversed the leather collar so the O-ring was in front and fastened
Andy's wrists to it, keeping her hands under her chin.

"How's that?"

"Nice," Andy whispered as she rolled over and went back to sleep.

Mary gave me a long, hard kiss. I let my hands wander over her body as Lisa's hands were
wandering over mine.

"I am really sleepy.  Can we fuck in the morning?" Mary asked.

"Sure, baby," I said, giving her a peck on the cheek.

She lay down between Andy and me and was asleep in an instant.  I rolled over to face Lisa.

You know I have not told you everything that had happened during these many months with my
kittens.  Mundane things, like shopping or reading in the evening have been omitted.  Even some
fun things have been left out.  But, I think you have received the high points of most of what
happened in my life.

However, I may have neglected Lisa.  As I told you, Lisa was a bitch when we were dating. By
bitch, I mean she was cold, somewhat abusive.  She had been a joy since she came back to us.  I
think she was inhibited and sexually repressed.  When we let that out, gave her freedom so to
speak, her bitchiness faded away.  Her submissive streak had been a boon in our non-sexual
relationships as well as providing some fun sexual times.  She did not challenge Mary, who was
our queen bee, by virtue of her age, relationship with Uncle Bert and being Andy's mother.  In
short, Lisa fit in perfectly.

Lisa squirmed against me, her leg between mine, her hands on the cheeks of my ass. When we
kissed, I could feel her tongue brads.  It was a very nice feeling.

"Fuck me. Please," she whispered.

"I thought you girls had a little fun in Aspen."

"We did, but it is not the same as you fucking me.  It is not even as much fun to play with Mary if
you are not there to watch us."

She dragged her nails up my back as she shifted to get my hard cock between her legs, trapping it
there.

"You are my man, every bit as much as you are Andy's man, or Mary's.  I need you very much."

"What else do you need from me?"

She received the question more seriously then I intended it to be.  She leaned back to focus better
on my face. Her expression was very intent.

"I need a demanding man, a man who will punish me if I need it.  I need to know what the limits
are.  Most of all, I need to be loved."

"You are loved.  And, I will be more firm with you."

She was stroking my side as we spoke. She stopped and squeezed hard.

"Mary and Andy need firmness as much as I do.  All women need it, Davy."

Ever since I had put Diablo back in his cage, my mind was trying to achieve a balance of firmness
and softness, of giving and taking, of flashing a green light or a red light.  Perhaps I would never
achieve the perfect balance.  I suspected the balance was not obtainable because the fulcrum
always changed. That is, individual needs and wants would change, circumstances would change,
meaning the balance point would change with them.

Lisa had just told me to hold the reins on her and her fellow kittens a little tighter. I would
remember that.

"Let's go in the other room," I said, pulling back the covers.

The room was cool but not cold.  I like it that way.  It makes a fire or snuggling under the covers
feel that much better.  I had not built a fire that night since Andy and I had gone straight to bed.
Now, with Lisa wrapped in one of the mink throw rugs in front of the fireplace, I stacked the logs
and brought the fire to life.

Lisa slipped to the floor and opened the fur wide. I crawled in next to her and she wrapped it
around us.

"Do me slow and easy, baby," she murmured.

Isn't it nice that my kittens will tell me what they want, what they need to make them happy?  It
makes our sex life that much better.

She willingly spread her legs, letting me slip into her hot wetness.  We moved slowly, the mink
tight around us both holding in the heat making us sweat and acting as a binding of sorts.

She had several orgasms.  They were quiet but strong as she sweated under me.  After I came in
her, I stayed on top of her as sleep began to take me away.

I heard her say just before I dozed off, "When do I get to have your baby?"


To be continued . . .

Please!  Give me your comments.

E-mail address:  ezriter@hotmail.com
