                                            Starbucks
                                         By Lust 4 Life

A social meeting at a local Starbucks goes way out of control and I end up fucking my 
new girlfriend on the floor in the middle of the store, in the middle of the day. (Okay, 
this one is pure fantasy, but it is what I was thinking when we did have a social meeting 
at a local coffee shop recently. We sat talking, then holding hands, and the magnetism 
was so intense coursing through our hands, this story played out in my mind as we sat 
talking.) M/F, exhib.

Story

I cant believe we did what we just did. I sure hope they didnt have any video cameras 
on the premises or we could be seriously busted. It was supposed to be just a social 
meeting for coffee with my new girl-friend. We met a couple of weeks ago, on-line, met 
once for coffee to see if there was chemistry, and then met a few times for physical 
recreation (sex), both at her place and outdoors. For various reasons, the timing was not 
conducive to a sexual meeting this time, but we both really wanted to see each other, so 
we met at a local Starbucks for coffee mid-afternoon.

There were a handful of customers scattered around in chairs at tables, in some plush, 
overstuff chairs and sofas, and a couple of wing-back chairs. The usual afternoon coffee 
shop type crowd. We ordered 2 coffees and sat across from each other at a small table, 
looking each other in the eyes and grinning like silly kids. We talked a bit about politics 
and various other topics, including some reminiscing about our last time in her bed. At 
some point I slid my hand across the table and she quickly took it in hers. Whoa! The 
electricity from that grip, from her touch, just surged though her hand into mine and up 
my arm! Our eyes locked. I was falling into her beautiful brown eyes, the knowing 
sparkle expressing the passion of our last meeting. My breath caught as the energy, the 
passion between us escalated.

I couldnt help myself, I was leaning across the table toward her but the feelings were 
obviously mutual because she met me halfway. Our lips touched, and then suddenly our 
mouths opened, our lips locked as our tongues explored each others mouths. 
Communicating by touch, we stood, embracing passionately, bodies pressing together, 
hands running desperately over each other, back, ass, then my hands were in front, on her 
breasts causing her to gasp in pleasure while her hands slid down to my crotch causing me 
to groan. I heard one of the employees telling us to stop and someone else saying to take 
it elsewhere, not in public and was vaguely aware that most of the people were now 
staring at us. But neither of us could stop. The electricity coursing between our bodies 
was too much.

Now we started tearing at each others clothes. We didnt take our clothes, off, we tore 
them off, buttons flew. The manager was yelling at us to stop, saying he was going to call 
the police. Some people left, the rest just stared. We were quickly naked, heedless of the 
consequences, my finger on her clit, sliding into her vagina, lubricating her labia for the 
coming penetration, while her hand was stroking my rapidly hardening erection until I 
was fully hard, pointed at the ceiling. We were both moaning and groaning with pleasure 
and passion as we sank to the floor. By this time most of the complaints had stopped, the 
remaining people in the store were just staring open mouthed in amazement and shock, 
unable to believe what they were seeing. Whether in disapproval, or interest, they stared, 
unable to figure out what to do.

As we sank, my girl friend got on her hands and knees pointing her ass toward me. I 
quickly positioned myself behind her, slid my desperately straining cock along her slit 
lubricating the head, finding the right position, and then I was pressing in. I heard 
someone gasp, Oh my god! Theyre actually doing it right here! I pulled out a bit, then 
slammed all the way into her bringing cries from each of us as my cock found its home in 
her pussy. Without pause I began fucking into her, crying out, Oh my god youre good! 
Oh god! She was saying similar things as my balls bounced on her clit and my belly 
slapped her ass. I heard her crying out, Unh! Unh! More! Harder! Give it to me! Oh so 
good! I held her hips as I continued to pound into her and could feel my cum beginning 
to build. She sensed this and responded, Yes! Yes! Do it! pushing her ass back 
frantically to meet my driving strokes. Then suddenly she was shuddering as her orgasm 
tore through her body, Ah! Oh my god! and some sort of squeal I cant begin to figure 
out how to spell, just wild animal noises. Her body was shuddering, her rhythm broken as 
her pussy spasmed on my cock. I knew I too was just strokes away from cumming in her. 
I was holding back as hard as I could, trying to enjoy just a few more strokes, letting the 
pressure at the base of my cock build just a bit more, feeling my cock swelling just a bit 
more inside its soft home. Finally I could contain it no longer, I felt my cock jerk heavily 
inside her and the first burst of semen rocketed through my penis to splatter her insides. 
Grabbing her hips hard I pulled her back hard onto me as I pushed forward, my ass 
clenching as I drove frantically against her. She cried out again, Oh my god! So hot! 
Give it to me baby! My entire body was shaking as I felt burst after burst of cum shoot 
through my wildly pulsing cock. All I could do was moan, Ah-h-h!

And then it was over. Both of our bodies relaxed, my glistening, cum covered cock 
slipped out of her. Suddenly all hell broke loose. Several people started clapping and 
cheering. One person yelled, You filthy perverts! The manager finally came back to his 
senses and said, Im calling the police right now! And the spell was broken. We 
suddenly came back to our senses, realizing we were stark naked, had just fucked on the 
floor of the Starbucks, in front of a crowd of on-lookers. We were both embarrassed and 
scared. Oh fuck! We gotta get outta here! I said as we quickly pulled on pants, and 
shirts (no buttons left to button), grabbed our underwear, shoes, and ran for the door. 
Fortunately my car has keyless entry and ignition so I didnt have to fumble for a key, 
just touched the handle, hopped in, touched the start and backed out of my parking spot, 
almost hitting someone driving in, and tore out hopefully before anyone could see my 
license number.

As we drove back toward her place we were at first silent, processing what had just 
happened, scared about what might happen, and then finally relaxing. We glanced at each 
other, and suddenly burst out laughing. What the fuck were we thinking? That was 
completely insane! Do you know how much trouble we could have been in, might still be 
in? I asked. I couldnt help myself she replied, It just came over me, the electricity. 
You are so sexy, I just lost control. I knew we shouldnt be doing that, but you were just 
irresistible. Well, if we dont get busted, it was pretty funny. I had to admit. We 
probably shouldnt go back to that Starbucks for awhile I said. To which she laughed in 
agreement.

