My Sisters and Me
by Drew

After I was absolutely sure the coast was clear, I burst out of the closet.

We need to split up, I said to the boys. Theres NO way Im getting found by you two.

No, Drew, we need your help! Brian implored.

No, chance. Trust me, Nancy already hates me. If she finds out I was involved in this in any form, its going to be ten times worse, I said.

For you, Brian retorted.

Ugggghhh, I groaned. But it wasnt worth arguing with them.

If we get caught, Im telling her you were involved too! Brian said.

And Alex will deny it, I said.

Oh yeah. Brian realized.

Look, you dipshits are on your own. God Speed! I gave Brian a little shove and sprinted out the back of the hallway to the stairwell. I opened it quietly, and listened for footsteps. I heard nothing. I ran down the steps to the bottom floor, which had a door that directly exited to the outside. Once I got outside, I figured I was good, but I decided to circle back into the woods for good measure. It turned out to be a good decision because when I came out of the woods, I saw Jordan hanging around the front lobby. He was already dressed up in a shirt and tie. He was also accompanied by my Uncle Gregg  Alexs father - along with a few other members of my family.

Was wondering where you were, bro! Jordan said, greeting me with a high five. Ceremony starts in like 45 minutes!

Yeah, wasnt feeling the treadmill so I ended up running the trails. I can get ready in ten minutes, haha, I chuckled. I was sweating so much from being locked in that closet, along with nervously escaping it, that my story was believable.

Hey, Drew, whats up? Gregg said. He wore a solemn look.

Hi Gregg, I greeted him.

Hey, have you seen the boys anywhere? Brian and his gang?

Not since this morning, why? They ditching the ceremony? I put on my best acting performance.

Nah, theyve caused a bit of..trouble. Im trying to calm things down, but Nance is NOT happy with them. And shes exploded on Jim, Gregg explained.

Ohwhere is Jim? I continued to play dumb.

Hes sorting things out, but hes not having any of it. Basically told Nance to get bent, Gregg started. I mean, its his wedding day, so I get it. But not sure Nance is gonna let this one go.

Huhwell I gotta go and get ready, running late. Sorry Greg! I was happy to get away from him.

I went up to Jordan and Is room, showered, and threw on my suit and tie. Took me 14 minutes, a little longer than I predicted. When I got back downstairs to the lobby, about half our group was standing around waiting. Katie and Kelly were there with Jordan, and needless to say, the girls looked stunning. They eyed me up and down in my suit and I did the same to them in their dresses.

You look lovely, I said to Kelly, greeting her with a hug.

Aww thanks, you too, Drew, she reciprocated.

Katie and I made eye contact and I gave her a smirk but I didnt compliment her.

You hear about Alex? She asked.

I heard something went down, not really sure of the details, I lied.

Yeah. Something went down alright. Its bad, Ill tell ya later, she said.

The younger girls arrived, looking equally as beautiful. We exchanged greetings and there was more excited chatter about Alexs misfortunes. Once we were ready, we made our way onto the bus.

The bus filled up with wedding guests and drove us a few miles down the road to the downtown church. It was an old, gothic building with gorgeous architecture. It had interesting sculptures carved into its corners and large, stained-glass windows.

We emptied and the bus and entered the church. I was locked arm-in-arm with Kelly, Jordan, with my older sister. Maddy and her friends walked in as a threesome. Three quarters of the guests had already found their seats and I noticed quite a bit of eyes on us. Once we settled in, I was able to observe who was here.

I was surprised to see Brian and his friends, dressed in their ill-fitting suits, sitting front row as if nothing had happened. No sign of Alex or Nancy. Greg was a groomsman and was serving as an usher. Our mom was there and smiled and waved at us.

Once Jim made his way down the aisle to the priest, the buzz had come to a complete silence, save for the soft piano music in the background. The bridal party entered, the organ hit, and Emily sauntered in, looking radiant in her wedding dress. Now I was REALLY wishing I could track down that video of her flashing the camera in her college days.

The ceremony was traditional, and went off without a hitch. There was Canon in D, 1 Corinthians, exchanging of vows, tears  all the classics. We all cheered as Jim kissed his bride and the two of them walked back to the bus, eager and excited to enjoy their first night together as a wedded couple.

Once we arrived back at the hotel reception hall, we got some drinks, and the real party was about to begin. Of course, more boring stuff had to get out of the way first. Pictures, bridal party entrances, speeches, dinner, and first dances. All of this took place with zero sign of my aunt and cousin.

I replayed this moment for months

The DJ was ready to set the night off, and, thanks to Maddy, I knew this song all too well.

Its your jam Mads! Katie said with hysterical sarcasm as she nudged her little sister.

Shut up! Maddys face flushed pink. Her eyes met mine for a split second, but we both had to act oblivious.

Huh? I said.

Maddy REALLY likes this song! Katie continued to laugh.

STOP, Katie, Maddy giggled and got up. She started out toward the dance floor. Cmon guys! She motioned her friends to come join her.
I looked at Jordan and then Kelly and shrugged. The three of us followed and Katie wasnt far behind.

Theres nothing sexier than watching a hot girl dance with confidence, and Jordan and I had the pleasure of being up close and personal to FIVE hot girls dancing with confidence. Hair was flowing, hips were gyrating, curves were swaying. It felt like a scene from a movie. I swear at certain points a circle formed around us, mesmerized by the girls' moves.

Katie and Maddy seemed as if they were locked in a 1-on-1 battle with each other. Mono e mono, nothing held back. Over a full year of buildup. Like seeing Anakin face off against Obi -Wan. Magic vs. Bird. The two smoke shows dipped, wiggled, and shook their asses, catching glimpses my way every so often, making sure I was watching. But they didnt have to worry about that. In fact, they didnt have to worry about ANYONE missing this. And, unfortunately for Brian, neither did he.

It all happened in one smooth motion. His pants and underwear were swiped down to his ankles, his big, unkempt bush and contrasting little penis were exposed, and he was shoved forward, tripping over the material caught around his feet. He fell flat onto his stomach, catching his fall with his wrists. He white, bony ass was now on show for the wedding hall. Alex was left standing over him, dressed to a T, arms at her hips looking like Wonder Woman.

HAHAHAHAHA!!!! Most people burst into laughter. They were drunk, and there wasnt a lot sympathy for the teenage pest. Of course, there were a few gasps. But there were also a few cheers. Katie and Maddy were among those expressing their admiration.

YEAHHHHH ALEX!! Maddy exclaimed.

Alex snapped out of her revenge heroine mode and went back to her shy self once she saw us cheering. She looked extra embarrassed once she met my eyes. But this time, she didnt look away, and gave me a half smile. I replied with a thumbs up.

What the hell!!!? Brian whined. His face was purple as he furiously tried to pull his pants up. Once he got them up, he gave Alex a weak push with his left hand as he held his pants up with his right. He looked for backup, but got nothing. Phillip and the other brothers had already scattered off. Pussies! Brian squeaked. He then ran off, himself.

We all went back to dancing. I was surprised to see Alex participating, though, not as confidently as the other girls. Still, Nancy was nowhere to be found.

The group of us continued to dance and drink and party. There were a couple of times I ended up matched up with Allison, and her big assed mousy friend. We got handsy with one another. The girls in my group didnt seem to like that. Even Maddy looked a little uncharacteristically jealous. But all in all, it was fun and games.

It came time for Emily to throw the bouquet to the single ladies of the crowd. Katie ended up catching it.

HA! As if! Our Mom, who DEFINITELY had too much to drink, blurted out.

By now, I was tired, and sweaty from dancing. I had already taken off my suit jacket and tie, and my shirt was half unbuttoned with the sleeves rolled up. In the moment, I thought I looked like a sex symbol rockstar, but in reality, I probably looked like a douche.

I wandered off out of the hall to get some fresh air, and to see what kind of trouble I could get into. I was so horny at this point; I wouldve fucked the first girl with whom I found myself alone. Turns out that girl would be Maddy. The one who started this all.

She looked so beautiful, her powder blue dress matching her eyes. Her auburn hair was worn down, and I noticed some scarce glitter shimmering on her exposed skin.

Drewwww, she said softly. Watcha up to?

Needed a break from everything, I said. You?

Ha. Same. Maddy stared at me. We both knew what each other wanted. I miss you, she eventually said.

Im right here, I replied.

Yeah, but I feel like we havent hung out much, lately. And Im going away soon. Then Ill REALLY miss you.

I know, I paused. Ill miss you too.

We continued to stare at each other. I was getting lost in her eyes. Welp, now or never, I figured.

Wanna go back to my room? I asked.

She smiled; that was a good sign, but said nothing; that wasnt.

Seriously? She finally asked.

Well, only if you want to, I said.

I do! She said quickly. But, what if Jordan comes back? I dont even know where he is? I figured he and Kenzie will get up to their shenanigans at some point tonight.

True, I said. I did some thinking, but came up empty. Shit!

Hey! We can figure something out. Cmon, follow me! Maddy said. And she was off. Half speed-walking, half sprinting, she went down some hallways, trying out a few door handles, but finding them locked. I felt like a peasant boy from some fantasy tale, breaking the princess out of her chambers and chasing her to a forbidden night out in the village. Maddys glamorous gown, bright smile, and flowing auburn locks definitely helped paint that picture. By the third hallway turn, she found what we were looking for.

Jackpot!! She said with as much enthusiasm as Id ever heard from her. And that was saying something.

The room was some sort of storage closet. Complete with extra mattresses, pillows and sheets, and most importantly, NO cameras.

We wasted no time. Maddy and I began making out with animalistic passion. She would kiss me and then back off, smirking, teasing, silently cueing for me to take her. I kissed my way down her neck, smelling her lavender perfume. Maddy worked on my buttons, unfastening them in mere seconds. I slid my shirt off and tossed it on the ground. Maddys soft touch caressed my abs and pecs, and I unzipped the back of her dress. The dress was strapless, and easily slid down over her chest and down to her hips. I continued to pull it all the way down, showing off her pink set of underwear.
My pants came off next, and my dick was as rigid as ever beneath my briefs. No issues tonight. Black took over Maddys normally icy eyes as her pupils swelled. She swiped my briefs to my ankles and then my cock was in her mouth. Maddy licked and sucked on my penis as she massaged my balls with her hands. I unhooked her strapless bra and tossed it aside, my hands rubbed on her bare back. She backed off my groin and looked up at me, but my eyes were focused on her rack. Her tits were so fucking perfect and I dove my face between them.

LATCH, WHOOSH

Youd think we would have been used to the sound of a door opening and interrupting us by now. Particularly Maddy. But nope. Both of us jumped up, startled, and turned to face the door.

Katie stood in the entryway, looking as sexy and devilish in her silky black dress, with a smirk on her face. Maddy shot her hands to cover up her tits and I did the same to hide my penis. Katie laughed, and stepped into the room, shutting the door behind her.

No issues tonight, huh, Droopy Drew? Katie asked, nodding toward my poorly covered erection. She continued to wear a smile that didnt quite reach her eyes. Forced. In hindsight, I should have paid closer attention to this.

What? Maddy asked timidly.

Aww cmon Mads, you really gonna hog him all to yourself? Katie said, and the tone of her voice changed to a softer, sexier tone.

Im not hogging him, my little sisters voice trembled. Were not doing anything.

Youre doing...something, Katie dismissed her, then paused. I want in.

Neither Maddy nor myself said a word. I never knew how to read my big sis. She was extra horny lately. And she clearly had no qualms regarding familial hook ups

Katie slid the straps of her dress off her own shoulders and stepped closer to us. She pulled her dress over her large breasts and down to her belly button. She reached back behind her and unhooked her leopard printed bra, baring her big, firm boobs for us. Both Maddy and I stared.

Does this look like his first time seeing these? Katie asked her little sister.   consensually, she muttered, her eyes rolling.

Maddy looked at me and pieced things together. Her eyes were wide and she lookeda little betrayed, but a little intrigued. She scanned back over to her sisters cans.

You can touch them, Katie whispered.

For some reason, I thought she was talking to me even though her eyes were on Maddy and I took my hands off my boner to squeeze Katies glorious rack. Maddy kept her hands over her own tits and watched carefully.

Oh! Katie said. I was actually inviting Mads to touch them, Drew.

Oh, I said, dumbly. I removed my hands.

No one did anything.

Go on, Mads! Katie laughed. You can feel them, unless you just wanna stare at them all night?

Maddy cautiously dropped her hands from her chest and revealed her perky boobies to us.

Nice, Katie said, even though she had seen Maddys tits plenty of times by now.

Maddy slowly moved her hands up to her sisters chest, and cupped Katies boobs. She began gently squeezing and rubbing them.

Ahhhh, Katie moaned. She moved closer to her little sister, wrapped her arms around her, and sensually moved in to kiss her.

OH. MY. GOD.

I sat there, in awe of my luck, as my two gorgeous sisters made out topless in front of me.

Katie and Maddy continued to kiss for a few seconds before Katie backed off slowly and reached into her bag. She pulled out her two pairs of handcuffs.

This is so fucking hot, she said casually.

Jeeze! Maddy said, her fear subsiding, excitement building back up. She smirked.

Katie nodded and stepped back toward us. She grabbed my left wrist and hooked one of the cuffs around it. She latched the attached cuff to Maddys left wrist. She now focused on me. She grabbed my cock and rubbed her hands up and down on it, kissing me as she did so. It felt incredible. Katie sauntered over on my other side and I willingly held my wrist out for her. I was ready and eager for her role playing tonight. She hooked my right wrist to Maddys and us two younger siblings were handcuffed together, single file, with Maddys backside directly in front of me.


******


Katie went back to her little sister and began passionately making out with her and rubbing on her breasts. From her handcuffed position, Maddy fumbled her left hand around on my groin for a few seconds before she found my stiff dick. She began blindly jerking me off. Katie noticed this and it only fired her up more. She removed the rest of her dress and then slid her panties off, showing off her tight snatch to her little sister. She stepped closer, totally nude, and Maddy guided our right-handed cuffs forward, and slid her fingers around our big sisters clit!

HOLY SHIT!!!!

Katie moaned with ecstasy as Maddy continued to give us dual hand-jobs. It was five minutes of pure heaven. Once Katie had enough, she slid our little sisters underwear down and off her ankles. All three of us were now naked as the day we were born. Katie admired her sisters kitty for a few seconds, before inching her face closer to it.

No fucking way.

Yes Way. Katie began licking and kissing Maddys box! OH MY FUCKING GOD!!!

Slurp, slosh, slurp

The sounds were incredibly erotic and I was about to cum. Maddy hadnt stopped jerking me off. I must have been making a lot of noise because Katie backed off from her cunnilingus.

Drew, dont finish! You havent gotten a taste yet! She said. Maddy? She directed at our little sis.

Maddy turned her neck to face me as best she could, and I saw the side of her beaming smile. She then arched forward, lifted her ass up toward me, and spread her legs. Her pink little asshole popped into my view, as did her pussy lips.

All yours, Drew! She said. And I about fainted right there.

Cmon, Drew!! Katie exclaimed her encouragement.

And I didnt need any further persuasion.

I shoved my thick cock into my little sis pussy and railed her from behind as my older sister took in the sights. I lasted as long as I could, before pulling out and showering both of my buck-naked sisters with gallons of hot jizz.


RECORD SCRATCH


Yeah. Right.



While this may seem like a fantasy, its not. In fact, it was about to turn into a horror story.

Katie had entranced us. She actually did pull off her bra and even kissed both of us and it was hot as hell. But once she had us locked together in her handcuffs, she burst out laughing.

Hahahhaaha! Katie quickly picked her bra up, turned away from us and put it back on. She pulled her dress back up and over her chest and slid her shoulders into the straps. She did all this while Maddy and I stood motionless like idiots, trying to process what had happened. You two were soooo obvious! I literally followed you from the hall without you turning back even ONCE to see if you were being followed! Katie continued laughing. How long have you guys been hooking up? There was some hurt that crept through her voice.

We didnt say anything. For a bit.

How long have you guys? Maddy finally said.

Spring break, Katie said, as if she was talking about the weather. But thats over now! Katie walked close to me. Not-So-Droopy-Drew, She flung my still-rock-hard cock up and down, as if it was a door-stopper.

Katie, what are you doing? I asked.

Hey, you guys wanted to be together. Now, youre together! Go ahead, bang it out! And with that, she began gathering up our clothes.

Fuck, no! Maddy blurted out. The two of us tried to make a move to stop her, but it was difficult and awkward being cuffed together.

Katie was able to gather all our clothes, as well as the free sheets into her arms. Byyyyyyyyyeeeeee!! She said, and turned to walk out the door. But then, she paused. Oh, shit! Almost forgot! She pounced, quick as a cat, and grabbed the waistband of Maddys pink, bikini cut underwear. You wont be needing these! Katie yanked Maddys panties down to her ankles. My younger sisters perky bare ass was now exposed to me, and only a few inches from my dick.

Katie tried to escape, but I was able to grab her. This turned out to be a MASSIVE mistake. Katie churned her thighs and was able to power past my weak, handcuffed grasp. But her momentum caused Maddy and I to go tumbling out of the storage room and out into the hallway. Uh Oh. Again, Katie was fast as shit and was able to pull the door shut, but not before wisely turning the lock from the inside.

Maddy and I were naked as jaybirds, handcuffed together, locked outside in the open hallway.

Okay, for realz this time. Bye! Katie took off with our clothes and the sheets still in hand. Turns out, she didnt even need to take those things, because we couldnt get back into the room anyway.

Oh shit, Drew! Maddys voice began to tremble. What do we do?! What do we DO?! Her body began to shake a little. You think shes serious?

I dont know! I said. I wouldnt think she would take things TOO far? Should we just try and wait her out?

NO! Maddy said. She was beginning to panic. We cant just stand here!

What do you wanna do?!

I dont know! Try for another open door?!

Okay, cmon!

Maddy and I began to hurry, or try to hurry, down the hallway, yanking on every door in sight. But it was challenging maneuvering when handcuffed together. Every step Maddy took, her butt cheek bounced against my cock. I wasnt about to go soft anytime soon.

Maddy, hang on, I said. We stopped.

What? Drew, COME ON!

Im trying to get situated back her.

Yeah, your.thing keeps hitting me, Maddy said.

I pulled my hands to try and hold my rod upright against my stomach, but doing so was uncomfortable for Maddy.

AHHHH! My arms! Drew stop! Youre pulling me! She said. God, I could only imagine what her front side looked like with her arms pinned back like this. But I couldnt see from my angle. I relaxed my arms back at my sides in front of me.

Alright, well, sorry, if I keep hitting you, I said.

Its okay, she said, softly. Lets go.

We hustled back down to the next set of doors. Locked. But we were starting to get into rhythm. Until we werent. Trying to go fast, it was inevitable that we would eventually get tripped up. Maddy fell forward, and luckily, we were able to brace our fall with our hands. But I still landed on top of her.

OWWW!! I whisper screamed as my rigid dick bent against her rear end when we fell. If her ass wasnt so soft, who knows how bad it wouldve been. It still hurt like hell, but my penis pointed right back up to the sky and there didnt seem to be any damage.

Ooommmphh! Maddy let out when I landed on her.

Getting up was a whole other fiasco. There was A LOT of my penis going places it shouldnt (not that it hadnt been there before) and a lot of me rubbing up against Maddys smooth, soft skin. But we did it. And we were off again. Eventually, my penis went flaccid as it got somewhat de-sensitized to the situation.

This whole back hallway had turned into a maze and I had no clue where we were at in relation to the building. I noticed cameras were up in the hallways and Im sure the security guards were getting quite the show. But that was the least of our problems.

Drew, Im tired, Maddy said. This isnt working.

I know.

AND theres cameras!

Was hoping you wouldnt see those. I mumbled.

I dont even care about the footage, its prolly grainy. But security HAS to have seen us by now!

So, what do we do? You wanna try and wait to see if Katie bails us out? I said.

If we do that, we risk security catching up to us first. What if they arrest us like this?! Maddy shuttered.

Okay, lets try one more corner. If theres nothing that can help us, then we take our chances waiting for Katie? I offered a solution. Both of us knew it wasnt that great of one.

Alright, Maddy said hesitantly.

We stumbled our way forward and around the corner to reveal another long hallway. This one had a red EXIT sign illuminated at the end of it. There was also a large set of double doors near the exit.

WHEW! Maddy exclaimed. We can try those doors, if no luck, well just exit to the outside. Theres GOTTA be something out there we can cover with, or someone we can find to help us out!

You sure we want to run outside? I questioned. And run into someone?

One persons better than a mob of people, Maddy said. Theres way more areas to hide out there.

Alright, lets do it.

Maddy and I walked slowly down the long hallway. It was T-shaped at the end, and the exit doors were at the center of the T. Though we werent home free by any means, getting outside would be somewhat of a relief.

We continued to tiptoe forward, one step at a time, one beautiful butt cheek brushing against my penis at a time. The walk seemed to take forever. When we finally reached the end, Maddy was about to grab hold of the large hallway doors to see if we lucked out with another closet.

OH, MY WORD!!! YOU LITTLE PERVERTS!!!! Aunt Nancys nasty voice screamed at the top of her lungs. The absolute WORST person who possibly could have spotted us.

Maddy and I groaned, and turned to our side. Nancy was coming from the opposite end of the T-shaped hallway, and she was coming fast. She was wearing her coat and wheeling her luggage, she had clearly been trying to bugger out of the wedding without being seen. That is, before she spotted us.

WAIT TILL YOUR MOTHER HEARS ABOUT THIS!!!! Nancy boomed. She had pulled out her phone and held it in front of her, intending to film us.

Aunt Nancy! Stop! Please! Maddy begged.

DREWS NOT GETTING AWAY WITH IT THIS TIME! Nancy exclaimed. She made no signs of letting up.

SHIT, Drew, Come on! The doors! Maddy reached for the doors on the wall, and to our relief, they were unlocked!

We pushed through the doors and stumbled into a massive, dim, but very loud room.The Reception Hall.

OH MY GOD! Excited voices and chatter arose from the darkness.
IS THAT.MADDY?!!!
HOLY SHIT!!!!!!!
OH, FUCK!!!!!!!
WOW!!!!!

The thrilled, frenzied chatter cut through the music. The DJ cut it off. Aunt Nancy caught up, and slammed the doors shut behind us. The stage manager flicked the spotlight on, and turned it over to shine in our direction. At first, I was blinded. The contrast of the dark room and high beams took a second to adjust. But someone turned on the remaining lights of the reception hall and I got a sense of what was happening. There were probably 50 shocked faces and ear-to-ear grins in front of us.

It was all happening so fast. I was somewhat shielded behind my little sister. But poor Maddy was laid out bare for all our friends and family!

AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!! She let out a blood curling scream as she saw the faces in the crowd.

In addition to the grins, I could now see the huge mirrors scattered around the hall. One of them was right in front of us. Which means I also got to see what all the hype was about: My younger sisters perky round titties and bald little pussy in all their puffy glory! Cameras and photographers are never a scarcity at a wedding. They flashed and clicked away as Maddy squirmed around in buck naked humiliation.

NO, NO, DONT!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE DONT!!!!!!!!! PLEASE STOP!!!!!!!!!! Maddy pleaded for mercy. She attempted to turn to the side, attempted to scissor her thighs, and attempted to bring her handcuffed hands forward, but there was nothing she could do to cover up. All she accomplished by trying was cause her boobies to jiggle delightfully for the crowds perverted thrill. Oh, and also bounce her butt cheeks off my dick. It was absolutely tantalizing, and despite how nervous I was, my cock returned to full salute. Maddy was too horrified to notice it. The crowd didnt miss it, though.

BAHAHAHA! HES HARD!
BONER BOY!!!
ISNT THAT HIS SISTER?! Someone from Emilys side spat out.

I tried to help Maddy as best I could by bringing my arms forward to cover her goodies. I basically had to press my body against her to get the proper amount of slack. And for a couple seconds it worked, as her fingers briefly splayed across her privates  sometimes the top half, other times, the bottom. But with all the commotion, it was too hard to coordinate our movements for an extended period of time. Anyone who wanted  which was basically everyone  got lengthy, priceless shots of Maddys bomb tits and bare shaven vagina. Now everyone else knew EXACTLY why I got caught up in an incestual spiral over the past year. Only they could enjoy it without shame. For one, because they werent her brother. For two, because there was a whole mob of them fighting each other off for better looks.

Maddy continued to scream and wiggle around. She looked so totally embarrassed, stark naked in front of the closest people in her life. It was incredibly stimulating seeing her face beet red, her wide blue eyes and cute dimples illuminated by the camera flashes. She desperately and futilely continued to try and cover up. My sexual excitement from my little sisters humiliation outweighed my flight-or-fight response. I was frozen in place, taking it all in. Maddys squeals, her tits and coochie on show, her soft, peachy ass bouncing up and down on my cock. My knees buckled, and you all know what happened next.

OH SHIT HE FUCKIN NUTTED ALL OVER HER!!
JIZZED HIS GUTS OUT ALL OVER HIS SISTER!!
DREW!!!!

The crown erupted, and I was snapped back to post-nut reality.

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! Maddy let out another blood curling scream as she felt my hot load splash across her back. OHMYGOD GROSS!! GROSS!! She yelped, jumping up and down in disgust. Not exactly the reaction you wanna hear after cumming on someone. But holy fuck were her titties bouncing.

It took about 15 seconds or so for me to regain my bearings. Now, I could finally focus, which wasnt initially a good thing because I saw the crowd  really saw them  and made out their faces. Katie was laughing her ass off, Kelly looked concerned, but weirded out. Jordan, Jim, Kevin, Brian  pretty much all the guys  were bug eyed, and scanning Maddys body up and down. Brian was holding his crotch, and I think he may have jizzed his pants. Jordan did give me a brief, uneasy look.

And then there was my mom. Her face was as crimson as Maddys, only it was due to anger as opposed to shame. Her arms were crossed and she stood in an exaggerated, standoff manner, as if to say, well, this is what you get young lady. She made no movements to help us. We were on our own.

DREW! PLEASE help me cover!!! Maddy cried.

Right! I said.

I pressed up against her backside again. My soft penis squished against her ass. My abs were against her back and I shuddered as my warm, slippery splooge was transferred from Maddys skin to my own. I reached my arms as far forward as I could and my sister was able to just barely drape one arm across her boobs and the other hand over her vag
.
We clumsily tip-toed over to the back door and the crown exploded as they got their first looks at Maddys luscious ass, as well as my semen running down her back.

NOOOOOO!!!!!! Maddy groaned when we realized the door was locked. Im not sure what she was expecting. Even if Nancy had to hold the doors shut herself, there was no way she was giving us that easy of an out.

We had two options. Sit here, bare naked in front of the guests and wait for them to get bored, or push our way to the entrance of the hall. Which meant we basically had one option, because the crowd likely wasnt going to bet bored until sunrise.

Maddy. I started.

I know, Drew! She snapped. Lets just get it over with!

And so, we began our voyage. I was basically hugging my little sister from behind. Desperately cupping her crotch and tits, Maddy slowly took one step in front of her. We inched ahead, and I noticed all the males, holding their camera phones up in our faces, hungrily waiting for more. And they were about to get it.

At first, no one from the crowd stepped forward. They waited for us to come to them. But all it took was for one little teenage creep to open the floodgates. I suspect he was a version of Brian from Emilys side. The little perv grabbed Maddys left wrist and pried it way from her rack. Her pink, puffy nipples were exposed again, this time, up close and personal.

NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICE!!!! The kid yelped with glee. He put his camera right up to my sisters breasts.

STOP! She yelled. He didnt listen, and neither did anyone else.

I saw another hand reach forward and give Maddys left boob a little tap from the underside, causing it to jiggle around. And then, of course, multiple hands easily pulled her right wrist away and put her bald-as-a-baby vagina back on display.

SOOOO SMOOOOOOOOOOTHE!! The kid said, capturing Maddys kitty on his camera.
I knew she shaved! I heard Brian say.

The crowd pinned both of Maddys arms away from her body.

CLICK! CLICK! CLICK! FLASH!

The cameras were sure not to miss out on the full frontal, butt naked shots of my sister. Hands began to find their way across her boobs, down her stomach, and close to her pussy. But the crowds greediness would thankfully be its downfall.

As more and more men and boys in the back pushed forward to get a closer look, the mass essentially turned into a mosh pit. There was pushing and shoving and cursing. Phones and cameras dropped on the floor and the glass cracked as shoes and boots stepped on them.

Maddy, we gotta go! I yelled into my sisters ears as chaos was unfolding. I pushed both of us forward and through the crowd and we were making headway, but would not make it through unscathed.

Drew, hold on! Stop pushing! Maddy exclaimed as I tripped over someones foot and lost balance. The momentum carried both of forward and we crashed down to the ground. I contorted my body to avoid landing on top of Maddy for a second time.

Ahhhhh!!!! Maddy cried out as she landed on her back with her legs spread eagle! Those smart enough to avoid the fighting were rewarded with an S tier money shot of Maddys flawless pussy, clit and all.

Maddys friends, as well as Katie and Kelly, rushed over and threw coats over us. It again took us quite some time to stand back up. We quickly exited the reception hall into the hallway.

Here! Katie said, pulling out the keys to the handcuffs. Kelly gave her a curious look. Maddy and Ara gave her a pissed off one. Katie ignored them and freed Maddys right wrist from the cuffs. Maddy instantly slapped Katie on the side of her head.

FUCK YOU! Maddy screamed at her.

Katie gave an awkward, shameful laugh, and then unhooked the left hand. Maddy and Ara scurried off. I was left standing there with only a coat. Jordan appeared and knowingly handed me his room key. He and Kenzie went off on their own.

I looked at Katie and Kelly. They said nothing. I just shook my head, and made my way back to my room.



