Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Rogue's Harem Book 3, Part 2: The Princess's Naughty Experiment
Summary: Ava and Aingeal experiment with their new connection and have a naughty time.
Keywords: MFff Fsolo FF fantasy magic spank D/s monster oral creampie

Copywrite 2018

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC 264 for beta reading this.

Chapter Four: Sex Slaves' Fun

Sven  Az, Princedom of Kivoneth, The Strifelands of Zeutch

Slam that pussy down his cock, Nathalie said, her small breasts jiggling as she lay stretched out beside me. You got Master all hard with your naughty antics.

I'm so sorry Master, the lamia said, looking at me over her shoulder. Her sleek back led down to her tawny tail dancing back and forth. Her reddened ass, proof that I spanked her hard, glowed beneath as she wiggled her hips. Her soaked bush tickled the crown of my cock, stimulating the tip and sending pleasure down to my balls. It was so bad of me to make you so hard while punishing me for being so bad.

Yes, yes, I growled. So bad.

She's so wicked, Master, Greta said. Ava's bedmaid lay on my left side, her large breasts pressing into my arm. After a week, she had slipped into her role as my sex slave, following Zanyia and Nathalie's lead. Ava was delighted to see her devoted servant loving me. Slam that cunt down his cock and ride him!

She gave Zanyia a quick smack on the rump, bringing a yowling gasp from the Lamia. Her tail bristled for a moment then her back arched. Purring, she slammed her tight cunt down my dick. She engulfed me to the hilt.

I groaned as her hot snatch sank down my dick. Her silky snatch took more and more of my cock until her reddened rump pressed into my groin. Her tail switched across my chest, her tail caressing me. She wiggled, stirring her pussy around my dick. She looked over her shoulder at me, pleasure spilling across her face.

I am so sorry, Master, she panted. Does this help make you feel better.

You're not moving, I groaned, cupping Nathalie's ass and pulling her closer to my right side. 
Bad slave, Nathalie said and gave Zanyia a quick smack on the rump.

The lamia's pussy clenched down hard on my dick. I groaned at that sweet delight. Then she rose up my shaft, squeezing the entire time. Her pussy sucked at my cock. I groaned at the wondrous feel of her cunt.

That's better, slave! Nathalie said, her braided pigtail spilling across her cheek as she smacked the lamia again.

Ride him hard, slave! Greta added, her pillowy breasts pressing tighter against me as she added her own spank to the lamia's red ass.

So hard! Zanyia yowled and slammed her cunt back down my dick.

I shuddered at the hot grip of her snatch sliding up and down my cock. She worked that pussy faster and faster. She bounced, her tail sweeping back and forth, brushing both girls on either side of me, caressing my chest, adding one more delight.

SMACK!

Nathalie giggled after spanking the lamia, making Zanyia's cunt squeeze down so hard. Faster! Faster! Make Master cum!

Yes, yes, Greta moaned.

SMACK!

Faster! You were such a bad lamia!

I groaned as her cunt rode me faster and faster, the two sex slaves smacking her ass over and over. Zanyia's supple back rippled. Her tawny hair danced about her shoulders, her cat-like ears twitching as they thrust above her head. Her purring grew and grew as she pleasured my cock with that tight pussy, making me ache and groan.

Her juices coated my cock, soaking my bush. She grew wetter and wetter as the sex slave rode me, her ass growing redder. The naughty smacks echoed through the bedroom. Nathalie and Greta squirmed beside me, their blue eyes bright, the Zeutchian sex slaves having so much fun.

Faster! Nathalie moaned.

CRACK!

Make our master cum! groaned Greta.

SMACK!

You were such a wicked sex slave! panted Nathalie.

CRACK!

So bad! Wicked sex slave!

SMACK!

I groaned with each spanking, loving the feel her pussy squeezing and clenching about my dick as she shuddered. She worked her hips, purrs rising and falling in volume as she pleasured me. My cock ached, the pressure building and building at the tip of my dick.

SMACK!

CRACK!

Bad sex slave!

Naughty lamia!

I was so naughty! yowled Zanyia, her tail thrusting straight out at me. It caressed my chest, spilling back and forth. So, so naughty, Master! Let my cunt please you! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry for being bad!

Make me cum and your forgiven! I growled, playing along, unable to stop myself. She just felt so good.

The fourteen-year-old Nathalie whimpered, hugging me so tight. Cum on his dick, slave!

Uh-huh! Greta said, her body moving. Suddenly, her large tits pillowed against my face.

I shuddered as her breasts pressed on my face. I sucked and nibbled on her nub. My cheeks hollowed as I sucked hard on it. My dick throbbed in Zanyia's pussy as I loved the feel of her. Her pussy grew hotter and hotter.

Her silky slide made my balls boil. I groaned about the nub, the ache spreading up to the tip of my cock. Her cunt sucked at my dick as she rose, my balls throbbing, aching to spill my jizz into her and make her howl.

Zanyia slammed her cunt down my dick. Master!

Her pussy convulsed about my dick. Her snatch writhed about my cock. Her flesh massaged my shaft. I squeezed my eyes shut as her orgasm washed over my dick. Her juices flooded out, soaking my balls with her passion.

Yes, yes, Master! she howled. Cum in me! Pump me with your cum! I wanted it so badly!

Dump your jizz into her, Master, whimpered Nathalie. Use her naughty cunt.

My balls tightened. I sucked so hard on Greta's nub. She groaned, pressing her breasts against my face, her pillowy flesh caressing me. Then my balls unloaded. Pleasure shot through me as my cum spurted through me. 

I groaned, my ass clenching as my jizz pumped out of me. Each blast made me groan. Each blast buried my mind in rapture. So much pleasure shot through me. Her pussy milked my cock. I groaned as the wondrous bliss washed through me.

Oh, Master, yes, she moaned, her pussy spasming about my dick, drawing out every drop of my cum from my balls.

I panted, a wave of lethargy washing over me. My mouth popped off Greta's nipple. My eyes fluttered. My eyes squeezed shut. I suddenly felt so tired. The long day, the fighting, pulled at me. I closed my eyes, releasing Greta's nipple.

Greta pulled her breasts away from me. I glanced over to see Kora already asleep in Ealan's arms. My head laid back on the pillow. Zanyia's pussy rose off my cock. My dick popped out of her snatch. It smacked wet against my belly, going soft.

Sleep pulled at me.

Good night, Master, Nathalie said, her voice so soft. Then her lips nuzzled on mine, just a quick kiss as she snuggled her lithe, petite body against me. Love you.

Love you, I told her, giving her a final squeeze.

I surrendered to sleep, my sex slaves snuggled against me, Zanyia draping her petite body on my chest, so light and warm and silky delight.

Chapter Five: The Princess's Naughty Experiment

Princess Ava

Everyone else was asleep. I stared at Sven curled up with Greta and his other sex slaves, Zanyia sprawled on him. Her tail twitched as she slept, her mouth opened. She looked rather cute. A tingle raced through me to have sex with...

My father.

I shivered at that pull to my father. The spell he placed on me, this lust enchantment, swept over me. When my attraction to him overwhelmed me a few weeks ago, when I suddenly just had to have sex with him. That I wanted to commit incest with my father. Sometimes, it swept up at me and I wanted to leave and go to him.

Usually, Sven could help me. I could have sex with my betrothed and it would lessen the need. I wouldn't have to run out of the bedroom and flee back to my horrid father. I wouldn't have to spread my legs and beg him to fuck me. To breed me.

Gods, I was glad I still had my birth control enchantment on me. 

Aingeal's wings fluttered. The faerie hugged me from behind, her pierced nipples caressing my back as she humped her shaved crotch into my rump. She grabbed my small breasts with both her hands, squeezing them.

She helped, too. Her fingers rubbed across my nipples, taking the edge off my incestuous lust itching through my cunt. The naughty faerie nuzzled at my ear. Her lips nibbled on my lobe, making me entire body tingle.

I want to try it out again, Aingeal said.

Huh? I asked, wiggling, my pussy growing hotter and hotter. 

You know, what we did?

I shook my head. Despite my horniness, that exhausted ache was forming behind my eyes. I should sleep. We were the only two in the harem awake. I should slip into sleep. That horny ache for my father warred with sleep.

And now what Aingeal did to me.

You know what we did, Aingeal said. The shared imbuing. Did it only happen because I was unconscious? Did something change with us? Can I inhabit the feyhound with you at the same time.

I groaned. I really didn't want to think about this now but... Her fingers felt so nice on my pussy, and the hornier I grew, the more I ached for my father. This frustrated swell filled my pussy. I had to do something.

But I had to do it with my father. I whimpered, squirming, the heat building and building in me. My pussy clenched, aching for that forbidden cock sliding into me. I squirmed against her as she licked my ear again.

Okay, I said, rolling onto my back. She grinned, slipping atop me, her large breasts pressing into my small mounds.

A tremble ran through me at the feel of her, my lusts surging. I needed my father so badly now. Luckily, the other way I found dealing with this perverse attraction generated by the rogue priestess of Luben's spell was to inhabit the feyhounds body and fucking someone in it.

I did like having a cock in that form.

I closed my eyes and felt my proxies. I had several, vessels that I could imbue with my soul. I inherited the gift from my parents. Somewhere in the distant past, the Krab, God of Crafting, had sex with some women. Their offpsrings had these abilities. All those with his blood could do this. There were only a few bloodlines, my mother and father each from a different one.

It was why my father wanted me to be his queen. To breed a son.

The feyhound was a construct that Aingeal made with her faerie magic. She wove the dog-shaped thing out of twigs and wicker, forming a hound made out of woven wood with a leave for a tongue and a huge cock for her own perverse pleasure. When we fought with Keythivak, one of the depraved servants of Zizthithana, he dispelled the spirits animating the feyhound. Out of desperation, I found myself inhabiting it. Controlling it. I hadn't prepared it. I shouldn't be able to inhabit it.

But I could.

Then when Zizthithana and her ogre attacked us this evening, while Aingeal was knocked out, I pulled her soul into it, too. The feyhound's body was badly damaged, on the verge of failing. If it were a normal proxy, my spirit should would have been ejected, the vessel too destroyed to hold me. Instead, Aingeal flowed in. While she couldn't move it, she could use her magic, mixing her spirits to heal and protect and fight for us.

I flowed into the feyhound, inhabiting the body. My own flesh fell away. It was there, in the back of my mind, but I wasn't paying attention. It was just a... shadow in my mind. If something happened to my body, like a hard pinch of my nipple, would jolt my awareness back to my flesh. I settled into the wicker body, feeling different, my body a new shape.

It had a cock that ached, sliding hard out of its sheath, responding to my own lust and...

This is different, Aingeal said as she inhabited with me. I just flowed in with you.

Did you have a choice? I asked her as I rose. The feyhound had rested on the floor in the corner. I stared at the bed, at almost eye level. My arm dangled off the side, my fingers slightly curled.

No, Aingeal said. It was like a trapdoor opened beneath me and I fell into you. I think... something has fundamentally changed when you pulled me in.

Fascinating, I said, that lust I felt in my body now throbbing through me. Aingeal's body had fallen over mine.

I hopped onto the bed, staring at the faerie spread out on top of me, both our legs parted. Her pussy had a gleam about it from her excitement. Without hair, her vulva was plump, her slit tight. My strawberry-blonde bush did little to hide my own snatch. My wooden dick twitched staring at us.

Getting horny? Aingeal asked me, her voice sounding melodic.

You were playing with my nipples, I lied.

Aingeal giggled. Plus we look hot lying there. We could lick ourselves. Her soul shivered in our shared vessel. Well, you could lick us. I'm just along for the ride.

I smiled and moved closer. I leaned my wicker muzzle down and lapped my leafy tongue across her pussy, gathering her honey musk. It was so naughty. Another difference between the feyhound vessel and others is that I had my sense of taste. I could feel and see and hear in my vessels, but never taste.

And she tasted good.

Ooh, that's wicked, she moaned. I felt that. Distantly. Ooh, lick me again.

My tongue fluttered out, drawing up her pussy to her taint. Her honey tasted so good. I inhaled, also able to smell in this form, and shivered. Another aroma, a fresh delight, filled my nose mixing with her honey. My own horny flesh.

I nuzzled at my own pussy, licking through my own curls. I shivered, distantly feeling the leafy tongue on my pussy while I tasted myself. It was so wicked. It made my wooden cock ache more and more. My tongue flicked up to Aingeal's snatch, fresh delight turning into honey passion.

I licked again and again, stimulating my own pussy, caressing my clit and labia. I made Aingeal moan in our shared vessel, her soul quivering against mine as I lapped at her again and again. I pleasured us, drinking our shared juices.

It was so delicious. The fresh and honey flavors staining my tongue. I whimpered, my wicker body creaking as I nuzzled tight into her our fleshes. I feasted on us, making us both moan and gasp. My pussy drank in the leafy tongue swabbing across my flesh.

I probed my tongue into my pussy. I squealed, stimulating myself. Every lick only made my dick harder. I had to fuck something. I had to fuck Aingeal. Myself. This was so wicked. My tongue fluttered up to her pussy, soaking in her honey delight. 

This is so wild, Aingeal moaned. Ooh, yes, yes, you're making me so wet. And our body... Our body needs to fuck something. Us!

Yes! I moaned. 

Do it! the faerie moaned, pressing against me. Fuck us both. Pound our naughty pussies. Look at us. We need it.

Our bodies didn't move at all. They looked asleep, but... I did need to fuck us. I had to satiate my lusts before they consumed me. Before I bounded from this room and rushed to Echur. I could run for days straight to reach my father and...

I mounted our bodies, my cock sliding against one of our thighs. I slid up the flesh and... nuzzled at my own pussy. I felt my silky curls about the sensitive tip of my thick cock. I whimpered, finding the entrance to my pussy.

I thrust into myself.

I felt my hot pussy engulf my cock at the same time I distantly felt myself being penetrated. My sleeping body clenched down on my wooden dick. I let out a whimpering moan, my wicker body quivering.

We're in your pussy, Ava! gasped Aingeal. This is so hot!

Isn't it? I asked, drawing back my wooden cock through my own pussy.

Pleasure surged through me. Two different delights. The hot cunt stimulating my cock and that thick shaft teasing my pussy. I thrust back in, savoring my hot cunt. I couldn't bury all the way into her, my stomach brushing Aingeal's ass, but it was more than enough to make me whimper. 

I was fucking myself. I was pounding my own pussy. The bed shook as I thrust harder and harder. Sleeping, unconscious me flooded my soul with such delicious sensation while my hot cunt gripped my dick, teasing it, building my excitement.

Now me! Aingeal moaned. Fuck me, too! I need to be pounded. I want to feel this. It's incredible being in your pussy.

You can feel this? I asked, pounding myself so hard, rapture rippling out of my cock with every thrust.

Yes! Oh, Ava, this is incredible fucking a woman. Sven is so lucky to get this delight when fucking us. But I also love being penetrated. I want to feel both.

I groaned, not wanting to rip out of my own cunt, but... I wanted to give Aingeal something, too. My pussy felt so empty when I pulled out. I whimpered, missing that hot embrace about my vessel's cock. I shifted my hips, nudging against Aingeal's snatch.

Yes, yes, yes, fuck me! the faerie howled in our shared reality.

Aingeal! I moaned through the feyhound's mouth as I rammed my girl-dick into her.

I slid into the faerie's tight pussy. She was just as juicy as mine, but different. She wasn't as tight at the entrance as mine was. Her texture was subtly different. I couldn't quite place it, a little silkier, but it was amazing. I groaned, burying all the way into her, pleasure shooting down my body.

Her soul spasmed against mine. Her pussy squeezed down on my wooden cock. I drew back, drinking in the stimulation, and slamming into her. I wanted to fuck her hard. To pound her. She felt so delicious about me.

This is so wild! Aingeal groaned. You're in me as I feel us fucking me. It's echoing on me. Oh, wow, pound me! Fuck me!

So hard! I growled aloud, pounding her, my wicker body groaning as I fucked her. I wagged my tail, my hound-like form flexing to thrust my wooden cock over and over into her juicy snatch. 

The friction gripped my cock. Her juices soaked me. It was just so naughty. It made me shudder. I pounded her faster and faster. I rammed into her cunt so hard. So fast. I felt her body shifting atop my own sleeping flesh, her pussy juices flowing down to my cunt.

She soaked me. She gripped me.

Aingeal moaned. Her soul hugged me as I pounded her cunt. The ache built and built at the tip of my cock. That delicious, explosive release building in me. Aingeal was a naughty faerie. She gave her feyhound the ability to ejaculate.

Oh, Gods, we're going to cum in me, aren't we! moaned Aingeal. Cernere's black cunt, we are, aren't we?

Uh-huh! I moaned in our souls. Then I growled out loud, Aingeal! Oh, Aingeal, your pussy!

Gods, yes! Aingeal gasped.

Her pussy spasmed about my dick. Her body came, trembling on my own flesh. The faerie's soul quivered against mine as her pleasure coursed through her. Her naughty tunnel stimulated my cock, making me feel so good. So amazing. I had to explode in her.

But what about my pussy?

I rammed into Aingeal's convulsing flesh. Then I pulled back. Her sucking, spasming cunt caressed my dick. My wicker body shuddered. The pressure deep inside my feyhound body swelled to its breaking point.

I came just as I ripped my cock out of her pussy.

Jizz fired from the wooden dick. Each blast sent a jolt of rapture through me. I groaned, stars bursting across my vision as the wondrous pleasure flowed through me in powerful blasts. I felt the cum splashing on my own pussy. I was ejaculating in myself.

This is so amazing! Aingeal howled. Oh, wow, we're jizzing on my pussy. And these blasts. This is incredible. Ooh, cumming with a dick is intense!

Yes! I whimpered, the pleasure peaking as the last squirt of cum fired out.

Ooh, yes, but it's already over? Aingeal shivered inside the vessel. Wow, that was so fast. It was like a few heartbeats of such intense bliss and then...

And then you want to go to sleep, I said.

Or play like real women. She shivered Let's lick each other clean, Ava. We jizzed on each other's pussies! Now we're all messy.

Yes, I groaned aloud, distantly feeling the busty faerie squirming on my real flesh.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aingeal

The feyhound leaped off of the bed. Then Ava released us. I flowed back to my body and groaned, opening my eyes, staring into Ava's bright blue depths. Her were cheeks rosy, her strawberry-blonde hair spread out around her head. She was just so cute. I shivered, our own hot cum dribbling down my pussy. I wished it was in my cunt, but the naughty princess tried to be selfish. Instead of giving me all of the cum, she shared it.

I'm going to lick your royal cunt so clean, I purred as I moved, my pierced nipples sliding over her flesh.

I like the sound of that, Ava said.

My wings fluttered as I turned around. My pink hair fell past my features as I straddled her face and stared down at that golden-red bush of hers matted in the feyhound's cum. I was so glad I made Scthnamhaid even if he didn't last long before Keythivak disrupted him.

Inhabiting a feyhound was as much fun as being fucked by one. It was such a hot experience cumming with a cock. But now I craved a more feminine delight. A more familiar, and longer lasting, bliss.

Ava's greedy hands grabbed my butt-cheeks. She pulled my hairless pussy down to her hungry mouth. I groaned as her tongue fluttered across my cum-stained folds, gathering my honey and our cum. 

Smiling, I nuzzled into her thick bush and licked. The feyhound's cum had a salty yet sweet flavor, almost like pine resin. It was a naughty combination mixed with her fresh pussy cream. My tongue darted out, gathering both as I wiggled my hips. 

My breasts pressed into her stomach, feeling her muscles ripple as she trembled beneath me. My pierced nipples drank in the silky caress of her skin, the golden rings threaded through each of my fat nubs shifting, adding such delight. Lightning shot down to my pussy just in time for her tongue to dart into my depths.

Ava! I whimpered as she swirled her tongue through my pussy, stimulating me. I shuddered atop her, grinding my cunt on her hungry face.

Pleasure fluttered through me. Her licking made me feel so incredible. She lapped and licked and nuzzled. She sent wicked delight fluttering through me. She stimulated me. Made me feel so wanton and naughty. I loved very moment of it. I squeezed my eyes shut, grinding my pussy on her hot face, her tongue dancing through my folds.

My tongue found her clit. I circled it, lapping the salty-sweet cum off her bud. She trembled, fingers digging into my rump, as I lathed her bud. Her moans grew, her tongue's flutterings growing stiffer. She jammed it into my snatch, fucking me like she did with that wonderful, wooden cock.

Ooh, yes, yes, such a naughty princess! I moaned. Cernere's black cunt, that's good. Just keep doing that. Keep making me squirm.

Yes! she gasped. Slata's hairy cunt, you taste so good.

My wings fluttered in delight. I squirmed, so glad I was a part of this family, that Zanyia tricked me into being his woman. My wings flapped faster and faster. My tongue dove into her naughty cunt, swirling around, stimulating her.

She squeezed her thighs about my face. She bucked into me, her fingers digging hard into my rump. She pulled me tight against her hungry mouth, her tongue churning me towards that wonderful release.

My tongue danced through her folds, her wet silk caressing my cheeks. I reveled in it, breathing in her fresh musk. I could just lie here forever bathed in her cream. It was so exciting. It made me ache and shiver. My cunt ground on her hungry mouth, squirming and shuddering, letting her just attack me.

She drove me wild, and I returned the favor.

Oh, Gods, Aingeal! she gasped, her stomach flexing against my tits, massaging my nipples. I'm going to cum! Keep licking me!

And doing this? I asked before latching onto her clit. I sucked hard.

Yes! 

Her squealing passion turned into a licking frenzy. Her fingers kneaded my rump as her tongue flew across my shaved folds. She stimulated my petals. She fluttered her tongue through me. I groaned and gasped, bucking beneath her, heat surging through my body. It was so delicious and wild. 

Her lips found my clit. She sucked me like I did with her bud, her nose nuzzling into my folds. My wings fluttered faster. My orgasm swelled in my core, that delicious shiver of passion. I couldn't wait for the waves of bliss to inundate my mind.

My fingers jammed into her cunt. I sank them to the hilt in her as I kept sucking and nibbling on her clit. She bucked beneath me. She squealed out in rapture. Her moans sang out, bathing my ears in her passion. She squirmed and writhed beneath me. I loved her. I tongued her. I savored every moment of making her quiver. Her pussy clenched down so hard.

Then she squealed about my clit. Her pussy spasmed about my digits.

Juices gushed out of her cunt and bathed my face in her fresh passion.

I savored it. I made her cum. Her body trembled beneath me. I made this wondrous princess cum. My husband's royal betrothed. Her passions squealed about my clit. My little bud drank in and transmuted her pleasure into my rapture.

I came.

Ava! I howled as my cunt spasmed hard. My cream flowed out of me, bathing her face. Cernere's nimble fingers and black cunt, yes!

My back arched, my nipples pressing so hard into her trembling belly. Waves of bliss washed through my body. My feminine orgasm surged through my body. It had me moaning and groaning. It brought me to such delicious peaks. It had my eyes fluttering.

I loved it. I savored it. I never wanted it to stop.

 I collapsed on her, quivering atop her as she tongued my snatch. My rapture didn't die right away. It didn't end as abruptly as it started. But it kept reverberating through me. Kept me trembling and groaning. I mewled out in delight, my eyes squeezed shut.

Oh, Ava, you naughty princess, I groaned.

Mmm, wicked faerie, she panted. Pater's cock, that was hot.

Uh-huh, I moaned in agreement.

Sleep pulled at me now. I wanted to join my family in exhaustion. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy, turned around, and cuddled against her. Our lips met in a pussy-flavored kiss, lingering traces of our salty-sweet feyhound cum added an exciting zest.

Love you, Ava murmured, her eyes squeezing shut.

I held the petite princess in my arms. Love you all...

It was such a wonderful thing to have a family again. After so many years exiled from Faerie, living alone in the Forest of Lhes, I treasured this. I held her tight, listening to her breathing slow into sleep.

Then I joined her.

Chapter Six: Dark Passion

Sven Falk

I woke up into darkness to an owl's soft hooting, my women around me. I frowned, not sure why I came awake. It was still night or early morning. I should be asleep. I felt like I needed more but... Something didn't quite feel right. I sat up. Zanyia had slid off of me at some point and now lay in a tangled mess of limbs with Greta. Nathalie was hugged by Kora with Ava and Aingeal beyond them and...

Ealan wasn't in bed.

I spotted her more as a shadow than seeing her, a form darker than the wall she leaned against. She was almost a black nimbus, and it was impossible to say where she ended and the wall began save for her head framed by that bright-white hair and her citrine eyes.

They almost glowed yellow in the dark, two orbs fixed on me.

I shifted down the bed, careful not to wake my women. My feet planted on the cold stones. The temperature dropped away from the bed, not kept warm by all the female bodies in close proximity. I ignored it as I stood and padded to her. 

The closer I got, the more her shape resolved out of the darkness. Her breasts were large and soft, her body curvy and feminine. She didn't have her cock summoned, her legs rising up to that delicious V, the cleft of her pussy cloaked by darkness.

Does it bother you that I have a cock? she asked, her words almost startling in the near silence.

I leaned against the wall beside her, bracing my left forearm on it. I leaned in at her, my right hand cupping a breast. Before the naga's ogre attacked us, I felt something shift between us. She was always cold to me, remote, only showing my sister any affection. It was like that until Kora insisted Ealan should share my bed.

Then she thawed.

You don't always have it, I said, squeezing her breast. Right now... you look female enough.

She shiverd while her eyes slid past me to the bed. Too my sister.

My stomach tightened. I will let her go, I whispered. I gave my vow to your mother. You don't have to worry that I'll let Kora, or the rest of my women, die out of selfishness.

She looked down. I know.

Her words were tight. I felt her body quivering. A tension spread through her, everything about her going rigid. I frowned, wondering at this strange reaction shuddering through the strong warrior. She was fearless, fighting in armor with an ax in one hand and a war hammer in the other. So where did this trembling weakness come

Her head lifted up and her lips found mine. I froze, caught off-guard by her sudden kiss, thoughts banished by her passion. By her arms wrapping about my neck. She pulled me tight against her. I felt the pillowy softness of her large tits against my chest, her nipples hard.

I responded like I would to any woman showing such passion.

I kissed her hard, pinning her to the wall. That bold confidence suffused her again. Whatever timidity had assaulted her vanished as she hooked her right arm about my neck, holding me tight to her while her left shoved between our bodies and found my hardening cock.

She guided me to her hairless pussy. The hot kiss of her feminine flesh made my dick ache and throb. I groaned as I rammed into her. She gasped into the kiss, her cunt clenching down hard on my dick, welcoming it in.

We kissed hard, our tongues dancing as I buried to the hilt in her. I rejoiced at the aoi si's snatch wrapped about me. She groaned, almost a battle cry, into my mouth as her hips moved. She stirred her cunt around my dick as I drew back and hammered into her cunt again.

And again.

I pounded her against the wall. I didn't hold back. She stirred such a passion in me. Every plunge into her hot cunt had me trembling. Groaning. My toes curled into the cold stone as my leg muscles bunched and flexed. I put my all into giving this warrior-woman what she craved.

She broke the kiss, moaning, Sven!

Yes! I growled. You love my cock in you!

Uh-huh, she moaned. Rithi's inspiring art, yes! Pound me! Make me cum on this dick!

Her citrine eyes shone in the dark right before me. They brimmed with such need. I responded, giving her what she craved. I plowed my cock into her. I rammed into her so hard. I plunged into her, filling her up to the hilt. She whimpered against me, her cunt squeezing down so hard on me. 

I welcomed every plunged into her depths, her hot flesh bathing me in her heat. She massaged my cock, bringing me closer and closer to erupting into her. I claimed her lips again, savaging her with my passion.

She whimpered into my mouth. I savored her kiss, devouring her lips as I fucked her with all my might. I slammed my dick into her, every stroke bringing me closer and closer to erupting. My balls swung and slapped into her, growing harder and harder. 

Then she bucked against me. Her hot flesh convulsed about my dick. She squealed into my mouth as her passion surged hot through her. I shuddered, burying into her spasming flesh. She welcomed my cock, hungry for my cum.

I broke the kiss. Ealan!

Yes, yes, Sven! she whimpered. Make me yours!

I thrust so hard into her, staring into her citrine eyes, seeing that passion she gave my sister. I groaned as I plunged into her. I was falling into her depths, losing myself to them as the ache swelled at the tip of my cock and

I wrenched my gaze away. I couldn't fall in love with her. I'd lose her with Kora. Take it! I snarled instead. You want it! Need it! Slut!

Yes, yes! she gasped, hugging me tight, her pussy massaging my dick.

My cum erupted into her depths. I groaned as I flooded her snatch with blast after blast of rapture. Her pussy welcomed it, spasmed about my shaft. She moaned, her mouth kissing at my neck, so hot, so brimming with her excitement.

Oh, Sven, yes, she moaned as my pleasure peaked in me.

Rapture buzzed through my veins as I leaned against her, panting. I felt her feminine curves, savored the way she trembled against me. I breathed in her scent. Gods, what a woman. Even if she could grow her clit into something extra, right now she was all female.

That was beautiful, brother mine, Kora said, my sister hugging me from behind. I'm so glad you two are loving each other now.

I closed my eyes. Gods, why did this have to be so hard? Why did Rithi have to demanded such a price?

I pushed those thoughts away. Nothing good would come dwelling on those. I had to give my sister up. Trying to find a way to outsmart a Goddess would only get all those she healed with her miracleAingeal, Nathalie, Zanyia, Korakilled, living me to survive with the guilt. I believed Rithi would to it.

We should get some more sleep, I said. It'll be morning soon.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kora Falk

We could have slept longer, Ava complained, the princess's face drawn. She yawned, the sound mixing with the drifting hoots of an owl.

You were fucking as late into the night as my brother, I told her as I strode beside her. I felt the weight of the amulet around my neck. I wanted it destroyed so badly. And he's not complaining. Look at him.

Sven marched ahead in his black leathers, Ealan walking at his side. I smiled, a giddy thrill washing through me. Sven was falling in love with her, and she was returning his affection. Soon, we would have an even closer harem. The others loved Ealan's cock, and they would grow to love her, too.

My muse was wonderful.

He's just being strong because he's a man, Ava groaned. We're women. We can complain and act spoiled.

Do you want Sven to carry you? I asked as an owl hooted over the bustle of the street.

Would he? Ava asked. Sven, my beloved, would you carry me.

Nope, Sven answered. I'm not helping you act spoiled.

What if it's not an act, Master? Zanyia asked. The lamia walked upright, unusual for her, at Sven's other side. Her ass was bright red still, a few spots of bruising discoloring the center. I itched to heal her with my divine magic.

But she wouldn't be happy. She enjoyed being disciplined.

What if she's just spoiled? The catgirl's ears twitched. Then would you carry her.

But she said it's an act, Sven said, something playful in his voice. She has to just be tired from the walk.

You're so cruel, Ava moaned. After all I did for you last night. All the pleasure I gave you.

If I carry you,then I have to carry my sister and Aingeal and Nathalie and Greta. I'll even have to carry Zanyia.

Not strong enough, brother mine?

Don't have enough arms, sister dear, he answered. He threw a look over his shoulder and winked a blue eye at me. So, to be fair, I can't carry any of you.

We could have a rotation system, suggested Greta. Excluding Mistress Aingeal of course.

Me! the invisible faerie flying above us gasped. That's not fair.

You can fly, Ava said. It sounds fair to me.

Ava! the faerie gasped. After everything we shared last night, you would deny me.

I want to be carried more often! 

I smiled at that, loving the smile crossing Ava's lips. Some of the wariness faded from her. She walked with her back straight. She's right, Aingeal, I said. The rest of us can be carried more if you're excluded.

That's not fair! Flying is hard work.

Is it? Sven asked. I mean, you just kind of float around. How do you even fly?

By sheer force of personality, Aingeal answered. The world just accepts the reality that I can fly and arranges for it to happen.

So no effort on your part, he said, nodding his head.

Aingeal let out a frustrated moan that had the rest of the women, save Ealan, laughing. We drew looks from the others of Az walking the streets in the early morning. My own steps felt lighter and some of the lingering exhaustion from yesterday, and last night's lovemaking, melting from me.

Even Sven was laughing, his shoulders shaking. I smiled at my brother sharing in our fun. His wild mane of gold hair danced about his shoulders. I wanted to run my fingers through it, caressing it. I wanted to kiss him. Love him.

There is the temple, Ealan said, her words cutting through the mirth.

The Temple to Krab was a small structure, lacking the fancy ornamentation of the others we passed on the walk from Rithi's. Pater had a massive complex, complete with towering statues of his fatherly beneficence, built in his honor, and the temple-prostitutes of Slata had erected a magnificence palace in which to worship their goddess. Even Saphique's temple had impressive columns shaped like lovely women locked in lesbian passion.

Krab's temple appeared so plain. So, drab. Austere. It looked like a craftsman's shop, built of the same marble as the others, but a quarter their size. The columns that held up its porches' roofs were utilitarian, no design or carvings to them. It looked well-built but so boring.

I expected more, Zanyia said. Does Az not care about Krab.

It is a city of education, Sven said. You should see Biaute's temple. And Luben's is striking with its black and white marble. And that's not counting the University of Az that is dedicated to Cnawen, Rithi, and Lagu. But Krab... He's a God who builds things. It's not the rich who patron his priests, but the laborers.

So it's not surprising his priests can't afford anything as lavish as Pater's temple or even Gewin.

We climbed up the few steps to reach the entrance and... A stone door lay shut. I blinked at that. What temple wasn't open for people to enter and worship. No acolyte waited to greet. I frowned as Sven formed a fist and pounded with the flat of his hand. Hard.

A dull thud echoed from inside.

Do you need an appointment? Aingeal asked. 

I jumped. She stood right beside me even though I couldn't see her. 

I don't know, Ava said. She moved up beside Sven. The princess, wearing a blue dress that clung to her petite frame, pressed her hand against it. I can... feel something in there. Something needing to be filled and

Stone ground. The door creaked open revealing a blurry-eyed young woman with skin that possessed a faint hue of blue, her vibrant-red hair falling in a tangled mess about her face. Her eyes, an intense ruby, flicked around us, peering through the glass lenses of the silver-wired spectacles perched on her nose. Her unusual coloring marked her as a Valyan, traveling far from the southwest to serve here.

What? she asked then yawned, her hand covering her mouth.

My own mouth twitched, wanting to join her. Ava did, sounding cute as she did.

What do you want? the young woman, clearly an acolyte, asked. Don't you know how early it is?

That's what I said, muttered Ava. We could have slept longer.

Yes, you could... The exhaustion vanished from the young woman's face. Her ruby eyes widened as she stared at Ava. 

Then the girl fell to her knees and bowed to Ava, saying, Masterwork Craft, what an honor to bless our temple with your august presence.

I blinked. Masterwork Craft?

To be continued...