Tricked Wife - a Slutty Anita Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009



My wife Anita is a hot little slut. She thinks I don't know it,
but I do. I know a good deal more than she thinks. She was hot
when I married her, it would have been silly of me to think she'd
change after we were wed. I knew better. She has secrets, but I
have one or two of my own. Secerets sure to shock her.


The first secret is that I know about her "other life". Like I
said before, she uses her 34, 24, 38 figure to its best
abilities. While she isn't your typical sex kitten, raw sensual
appeal seems to ooze from her squat 5 foot 2 inch bod. Her dense
breasts measure in at 34C, but look much larger on her frame. She
has very wide hips, and heavy Marilyn Monroe thighs. She isn't
beautiful, or even pretty, but rather cute, and one of those rare
people who look much better naked than in clothes. Guys just love
to flirt with her, sensing the sexuality she exudes, and she
keeps up her end of the flirting with a vigorous flair. She is a
slut. She thinks she has fooled me, that I believe completely in
her fidelity, while she is fucking many other guys. Not only do I
know about it, I've got video tape of many of her "interludes".


In most respects our marriage is a normal one. We have four
children, a dog, a mortgage, two cars (one of them is paid off)
and a comfortable presence in suburbia. She cheats on me, but I
gather from what I hear about our neighbors from time to time,
that is also normal. What isn't so normal is that I know she
cheats, and that it won't be leading to divorce. In fact, I
intend to use the knowledge to make our sex lives better. I like
the idea that my wife is a slut, and she will be getting even
sluttier if I have anything to say about it.


She has a little apartment in town that she thinks I don't know
about. I've managed to sneak in and install some cameras, so I
have direct evidence of her infidelity. I have some physical
evidence as well, that will come into play later. In the meantime
I have the video I have taken, and some of it is hot stuff! Some
of her lovers are rather boring romantics, but others like things
that are a little wild. Hard sex, rough sex, group sex, kink,
even a couple of lesbian encounters. These tapes are truly
pornographic, maybe even illegal in some states. I have heard her
joking with lovers about giving me "sloppy seconds", or even
eating a "cream pie", laughing lustily about cuckolding me this
way.


My favorite episode I have watched many times, it turns me on
something fierce! A heavily tattooed "Joe Six-Pack" has come to
her place, and starts things off in a tender fashion with some
slow deep kissing. He pauses just long enough to take a camera
out of his backpack, and set it up facing the couch they are on.
It all looks so romantic, light touches and caressing, as the
clothes slowly come off. He quickly heads downtown with her legs
hanging off the sofa, and gently licks and sucks her pussy,
making sure to get it sloppy with spit, and lots of it. Then he
gently guides her off the couch to her knees, and lets her lick
his cock from stem to stern a few times, obviously showing off
for the camera. As she gets ready to take him into her mouth, all
the gentle pretense is quickly left behind. He holds her by the
back of the head, and thrusts his member deeply into her mouth,
forcing it to the back as she gags. He doesn't let go, but lets
her gag a few times, then slowly backs his cock out just enough
so that it can be seen shining with saliva, then thrusts it right
back to the gagging point. He repeats this action several times,
giving Anita just enough time and space to catch a breath before
gagging her again.


He roughly spins her around onto the sofa, ass end in the air,
and there is nothing gentle about his entry into her dripping
hole, and Anita must like this rough treatment because she is
dripping, not just with his saliva, but with a major river of
pussy juices. Without a pause he spears his raging hard-on right
into her hole in one savage thrust and keeps going until it is
buried and his balls slap against her clit. He has her spread
wide, obviously interested in getting as much on camera as he
can. His first few thrusts are slow but steady, and he pulls all
the way out before shoving it right back in, pausing just a
second after he has fully withdrawn to let her anticipate the
next onslaught. Each thrust goes in all the way, down deep into
her now wide open dripping puss. He stops pulling all the way
out, and builds his thrusting to a brutal pace, starting to smack
and slap her asscheeks as he pistons in and out faster and
faster. Her ass quickly inflames to a bright red from the
onslaught.


The slaps and smacks finally stop, and "Joe" (or "Mr. Six-Pack",
if you prefer) wets his fingers in his mouth, and begins to apply
a lot of the natural lube directly on Anita's tight little
asshole. She begins to protest, but the result is a few more
slaps on her cheeks, an increased pounding to her pussy, and more
finger applied spit, with a finger getting slipped inside the
tightly winking anal aperature. As you can guess, as soon as a
finger slips in and out easily, he withdraws his hard cock from
her sloppy cunt, and coating it with spit spears it right into
her other hole. A straight solid plunge again, no pauses, no
teasing, just hard cock stuffed deeply into her ass. He repeats
the process he used on her pussy, complete withdrawls followed by
balls deep plunges into her depths, only pausing to spit and
drool right into her hole to lube it further.


After this treatment, Anita's tight little winking hole isn't so
tight. In fact, it gapes open wider than her still stretched
labia, a gaping hole that looks like it is begging for something
to be plunged into it. Begging or not, it is getting plunged with
force and fury, hard cock repeatedly and rapidly spearing in and
out as "Joe" spreads her cheeks wide to make the opening look
even more cavernous. Three times he pulls out, grabs Anita by the
hair and hauls her face right into his crotch, and stuffs his
cock in her mouth until she gags, then forces her face back down
into the sofa, ass up, and starts fucking her in the ass again.
Finally, he grabs her by the hair a last time, and spunks all
over her face and into her open mouth, unloading a huge gush of
cum in many hard spurts. He packs his camera, gets dressed, and
leaves before my wife can even recover from the onslaught of
rough sex she has just endured, not saying a word. "Damn," Anita
finally mutters, "I would have liked a copy of that, I'm sure it
was fucking hot!" If she only knew!


My runner-up favorite episode involved her slowly seducing a
young office intern for some hot lesbian sex, and as the
aggressor she really put the cute young thing through her paces.
I think she may have learned a trick or two from "Joe".


Finally fed up enough with our vanilla sexlife, it was time for a
confrontation I had been planning on for years. She tried to deny
everything at first, then when it was obvious I had her dead to
rights, she tried to downplay how much, how often, how many. She
confessed to a couple of interludes, all of them the boring
romantics. I showed her the tapes of the lesbian, and "Joe
Six-Pack". In fact I gave her a copy of Joe's tape (obviously not
the actual one he took, but the one I made, which was probably
better - I had mutliple angles to  work with after all). She was
stunned.


"Anita, from now on things are going to be quite different," I
said.


"How, uh, ah, how different?" she stammered.


"Very!" was my reply.


I began to tell her I knew she was a slut, that I liked it that
she was a slut, and now she was going to be a slut for me, not
just pick-ups and strangers. Oh, she'd be a slut for them, too,
otherwise she wouldn't really be a slut, but now I was going to
be in on the fun and games. She objected to this rather fiercely,
I guess being a slut is more fun if it is a secret, or she really
got off on cuckolding me. Maybe both. She said we would be
divorced before she would be my slut. I laughed. She looked
shocked, because I was really busting a gut. I had planned for
this moment, and found it exhiliratingly hilarious.


"Anita, dear, you aren't going to divorce me. You are going to do
even dirtier things than I've caught you doing already. You are
going to do them to me, you are going to have them done to you by
me, and you will be doing and getting done by anyone and everyone
else I choose." I laughed again. It was time for my bombshell.
"Because if you want your untra-conservative parents to keep you
in their will, you do not want to piss me off. Divorced is one
thing, they would probably be alright with that after some time
has passed. However, a disgraced total slut and divorced they
will never accept, and after they find out our four lovely
children aren't mine, and I make sure everyone else you know is
aware of that fact, that is exactly what you will be - a
disgraced and embarrassed slut."


"What the fuck do you mean our kids aren't ours?!" she screamed
at me.


"I had a vasectomy before we were married, sweetie. Paternity
tests will clearly show I had nothing to do with fathering our
kids, my dearest slut. I'll bet they each have a different
father, and I'm pretty sure that Todd our oldest is the result of
that load of "cream pie" you made me eat. Guess I should have
sucked and licked a little harder. You were lucky that none of
them came out obviously multi-racial, that would have been a dead
giveaway." I chuckled.


Anita slumped, and I thought she might faint, but she made it
onto the sofa and with some heavy breathing managed to stay
conscious. "Oh, God, my life is ruined!" she cried.


"No, it isn't, so long as you admit you are a slut, and act like
it with me, and for me. You know there is a part of you that
really wants to do it, be a slut all the time, not just in secret
flings. An outrageous slut, a real fuck-doll, the more
embarrassment and humiliation you get the better. Admit it to
yourself, and to me. In fact, don't say another word, just get on
your fucking knees, suck my dick until I cum on your slutty face,
that will be admission enough that you are a slut - my slut!"


She looked at me with shock and dismay, then slowly slid from the
sofa, knelt before me, opened up my pants and started to give me
a blowjob. She circled the head of my cock with her tongue, then
licked up and down the shaft. After repeating this two or three
times, she glanced up at my face, and I could see a sparkle in
her sexy hazel eyes that reminded me of a pixie. She was
obviously enjoying her new start as my slut, and sucking my dick.
She really got into it, and damn could she give head! Only thing
was she didn't do what I told her, when the critical moment came,
she didn't let me cum on her face. She plunged down to the root
of my cock as a I spurted the load of my life, and swallowed
every drop!


My slut!

(more to cum for sure...)


        &#9650;&#9792;


http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
