My name is Manisha. I am 34 now and a happy housewife. My husband Neeraj is 39 and has his own share trading business. I live in Calcutta with my husband. Our house is often visited my many relatives and friends of my hubby. Once my hubby's older cousin brother came to our place. His name is Siv Shankar. Siv stays in Australia and runs a food joint there. He is a man with in mid 50's medium built and with an excellent sense of humor. His wife is an absolute housewife in her late 40's and loves to talk. As he was quite accustomed with western habits he greeted every body with a hug. On first occasion as he hugged me I was quite embarrassed. But I later found he was quite casual with the whole thing. Siv was a charming person to talk and pass time with. I met him for the first time after my marriage. He also liked talking to me. Within a few days we were quite friendly with each other and we used to go out together for some little shopping and outing as his wife was busy meeting her parents and her relatives. As Siv came to Calcutta after around six years, there were many things that I could show him around.
On a Saturday we planned to go out for dinner. My husband, Siv, his wife and me. We decided to meet in a restaurant in City Center at round 8.00pm. My husband was supposed to come directly from office and Siv's wife was also coming directly from her parent's place. Both Siv and I were to go from home. Siv said before going to City Center I would show you a place where I used to hang out before going to Australia. I said ok. Siv took me to a restaurant in China Town, Tangra. It was a small restaurant not very crowded at that time of evening. They were playing soft live music. Few of the couples were dancing on a low-lit dance floor. Siv sat down at a corner table, which was his favorite. He ordered cold drinks and some fish finger. Soon a middle-aged man came smiling towards him. He introduced me to him as John Lee, the owner of the joint.
Siv started to talk about his old days. While he was talking, I was looking at the dance floor. Suddenly he asked me if would like to dance, with some hesitation I said yes. Siv held my hand and took me to the dance floor. I was wearing a sharee and it was bit difficult to manage while dancing. Siv helped me to wrap it around my shoulder in a nice way and put his hand around my waist. We were dancing close to each other. But I was careful not to rub my body against his. He too was very gentle in his behavior. His hand was on my waist and while dancing he slowly moved it over my back. I did not resist to him as I enjoyed dancing and I never get a chance to dance since my marriage. After dancing for about 10-15 mins we left for City Center.
From the next day I noticed Siv was checking me out when every he was alone. Then he made slow advances my touching me at every possible scope. As a woman I could sense that he was attracted towards me. The wife inside me resisted hard not falling prey to his advances. The women inside me encouraged me to go ahead and have an audacious encounter in life. Always there was my full time maid in our house, so his advances were limited to light touching, smiling and more of eye contacts. Couple of days passed, seeing no adverse reaction from my side his advances were becoming bolder day by day.
One morning I was making tea in the kitchen while my hubby was still sleeping and my maid had gone to get the milk. He came up to me and stood very close behind me. I could feel his warm breath on my shoulder. I turned around once to look at him and just smile a bit. Siv slowly wrapped his arms around me from behind and held me tight against his body. I was wearing a housecoat and he was in his pajamas
By nil_dil on Saturday, September 26, 2009 - 3:04 pm:

I could easily feel his rock hard male tool pressed hard against my ass. I was spell bound and did not know how to react. Siv whispered in my ears, "would you like to spend an evening with me today". I only slowly nodded my head in consent.
We reached China Town at around 7.00pm. I was wearing a long skirt and a top. As we occupied the usual table and ordered some snacks. Siv invited me for dance, which I gladly accepted. Siv was today in a different mood. He was holding me close to him, almost pressing my 34B moulds against his chest. I was also holding him firmly trying to adjust myself in this new role of mine. Time passed and he was holding me tight, taking the liberty of touching my lower back and ass at every possible moment. Then we returned to our table. Siv called Lee and whispered some thing to him. Lee looked at me smiled, nodded his head and went away. Few minutes later, Lee came back and asked us to follow. I was having no idea where we were going. He led us through the kitchen to a corridor and went back. Siv was now holding my hand and took me inside a room at the end of the corridor.
Siv asked me to wait there and went out. It was a dimly lit room with round table and a couple of chairs. A very unusual aroma filled the room. Suddenly slow music started to play from two small speakers. Siv arrived and closed the door. I was shaking inside in anticipation. Siv smiled and said here we can dance in more privacy. Siv pulled me towards him holding my both hands. His fingers were wondering through my hair. He wrapped me in his arm and placed kiss on my forehead. I closed my eyes and waited for more. Soon his lips were over mine kissing me.
Slowly & passionately, Siv kissed my lips, his one hand slowly caressing my cheek and the other caressing my back. It was a slow teasing kiss and we were locked in a very tight embrace now. My eyes were closed and Siv was savoring every moment. It was an awe and delight mixed emotions running thru me. Me a faithful married women being kissed by a much older man. Slowly Siv's hand was traveling down my back caressing my butt over the fabric of my dress. I let out a small moan but did not try to disentangle. Siv was taking his time deep kissing me and slowly massaging my arse cheeks and once in a while venturing in the creek between my arse. Slowly Siv started lifting my dress but at this moment, I slowly pushed him away and teasingly said, "Only a kiss". My face was flush red now. Siv kept on requesting for one more kiss and I kept on denying him (but all in a fun & joking manner) but gave him one more juicy kiss, this time a small one.
Siv made me sit on the table. As I tasted his tongue once more in my mouth, his hands were busy folding my 34B mould of flesh over my top, making its brown buds hard and erect. Siv shifted his focus to removing my top, which I also did not object as it could get crushed in action. Soon my top was on the chair, leaving me in my white bra and skirt. He also removed his t-shirt, reveling his dark and grey hairy chest and medium potbelly.
He started to draw a line on me with his tongue starting from my neck to the valley of my tits, which were still held by my tight bra. As his tongue reached the valley of my tits he quickly unhooked my bra. His hand and mouth replaced my bra; his mouth coved one of my hard nipples while the other was being folded hard with his hand. After his playfulness was over with my tits, he moved to my belly button. As my moans become deeper and louder he switched to more serious business.
I was still sitting on his table, topless, tits smeared with his saliva and he was standing in front of me unhooking my skirt. As I looked on, my skirt soon joined my top & bra on the chair. Now he removed his pants exposing the great bulge in his underwear with a large wet spot. By now I too was impatient to see his size and he was my first aged man. Soon my curiosity was over, as he pulled down his underwear, releasing his hard tool. It was about 7.5" long but very thick, surrounded with dark and grey hairs. It's dark red crown shining with his pre-cum looked enormous to me.

Siv pulled down my panties to place it on chair. I tried to cover my love tunnel with both my hands. He was in no mood to stop he made my legs wide apart. I closed my eyes and could feel his warm breath falling on my bare thighs. He must be looking at the entrance my love tunnel. Slowly his tongue started to probe the spot at turtle speed. I was lying on the table hypnotized and was juicing profusely. His tongue was teasing me in every possible way. With every passing moment his tongue was becoming more acrobatic, agile and venturing deep inside my love tunnel. I was unable to control my self; my legs were spread wide apart, as if to welcome more of his adventures tongue. My hands were holding his head tight between my legs so that he can reach deep in me. His hands were kneading both my 34B moulds. This continued for about 4-5 mins or may be more I am not sure of. Suddenly I felt like a shock, as if all my veins are going to explode and body started to sever in an unknown pleasure. I moaned out in pleasure as I experienced my first climax of the day
I lay exhausted on the table trying to adjust myself with the overwhelming feeling. Siv was getting ready to fill me up with his eminence man hood. Unable to understand how to stop Siv from embarking on his latest mission; I pushed Siv on a chair and keened before him taking his male stiffness in my mouth. Siv was in my control now. As my amateur tongue rolled more on the crown of his man hood and I tasted more of his pre-cum his body language changed. He was holding my head gently with his hands giving small strokes, so that his man hood move in and out of my mouth.
Now he was in no mood to wait and nor was I, he again made me sit on the table. Now I was completely naked sitting on a restaurant table with my leg spread apart waiting for the big moment. He felt between my legs with his hand, as if to test if I am moist enough to enter.
Then as I spread my legs apart he stood between them holding his tool in his hand to guide it to its current destiny. He took his tool and gently began to rub it up and down my tunnel lips, making me gasp as it touched my clit. The crown slowly settled at the entrance to my tunnel. He tensed his buttocks as he began to increase the pressure. Suddenly Siv made a slight forward movement as dark crown of his tool head pushed into my tunnel, my tunnel lips distended round its massive girth.
As I looked on with pleasure mixed with fear he slowly with great care guided his rock hard, thick tool in me. As his enormous crown disappeared in me I could feel my love tunnel stretching to almost its limit. Soon inch-by-inch his rock hard tool went deeper in me. I looked on with great surprised the tool, which looked so thick, is accommodated in me without any problem. As he was embedded in me, he closed his eyes in pleasure and I was giving out low, deep moans in pleasure. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him closed to me. He slowly started to pump me while holding my thighs spread wide apart. After about 8 to 10 min. of slow but steady action his tool started to enter me with greater vigor producing a chuckling sound, with each of his thrust the table also started to make crackling sound.
Siv then remained motionless for about a min or so to catch his breath. Siv came back to life once again by kissing deep on my lips, which I also responded with equal zeal. Siv started to pump me with long beautiful well-timed strokes. He continued for sometime to sink his erectness into the wet warmth of my love nest.
By then I was no longer sitting on the table. He made me to sleep on the table on my back with my legs well placed on two chairs by the side of the table. I was totally out of control moaning out loud in pleasure and response to his push. My tits were bouncing wildly with every thrust he made to bury his tool deep in me. I was bowled over by the resilience of this man. Then to support his balance he placed both his hands on my bouncing tits and pumped with all his might while crushing my tits with hands.
After about 10-12 mins of hard pumping I could feel his tool was bulging again in my tunnel to explode and to give out it's fresh, warm juice in me. I too was on the verge of a great second orgasm. At the very last moment he took out his tool and sprayed his juice on my stomach and belly button. Then he entered his semi-limp tool again in me. By then my love tunnel was slippery like hell and he went in me almost without any effort. He didn't have to work much hard any more as I busted in a great second orgasm of the da