Julia's initiation
by chundingdetected

Julia is a girl whose curiosity will lead her to pleasantly discover the world of CMNF

Julia continued to insist on her efforts to accompany her brother Michael to that mysterious meeting he would attend on Friday night. That adorable, sweet redhead with the lovely green eyes was truly a hard worker when it came to getting what she set out to do.

Michael: I can't take you with me.

Julia: But your fiancée Luli accompanied you the last time, besides I am already of age and I hate that you treat me as if I was a little girl.

Michael: You are my little sister, I can't please you this time Julia. It is an environment in which you would not feel comfortable.

Julia was really dying to accompany her brother and his fiancée Luli who told Julia very little about that mysterious and attractive festive atmosphere. Luli reserved the details but it was impossible for her to hide how fascinated she was to return. Something that Julia immediately noticed and that caused the continuous harassment towards Michael to accompany them that weekend.

Luli agreed to intercede with Michael at the insistent pleas of her sister-in-law Julia. -Are you really sure about this? Once Michael agrees, you'll have to do what he says, it won't be easy to convince him," Luli said in a serious tone.

Julia: I'll do anything!

Luli: Anything? Maybe you're not ready, no offense, but you're still a bit capricious and the people who meet there are very serious.

That night Michael took Luli to dinner and they talked about Julia's insistence which Michael continued to refuse. Luli used her charms to soften her fiancé arguing that it could be very funny and Luli proposed an interesting game that both would come to enjoy taking advantage of the great disposition that Julia has shown in order to accompany them.

The next day Luli went to look for Julia at her apartment in the university village and told her that she could accompany them on Friday as long as she agreed to certain conditions, which Julia accepted a little surprised, nothing would scare her and she even accepted the last clause that seemed to her the most ridiculous thing of all.

Michael arranged for him to be admitted with two companions on that Friday. And Luli began to prepare what was necessary for Friday night.

On Friday at noon, Luli appeared at Julia's apartment and both left for Luli's house where Michael would pick them up and the three of them would head to the meeting Julia insisted on attending.

Luli watched Julia carefully and saw the great challenge she had in front of her to transform her beautiful and feminine sister-in-law into a boring boy. She soon made her undress to study better how to proceed in that radical change of image. Julia's lush and beautiful red hair was skillfully arranged by Luli who took advantage of her theatrical experience and arranged a black wig from the play "Oscar Wilde" staged by the theater group where Luli was the assistant director. Julia dispensed with all makeup and had a black beard placed on her face to match the wig and a pair of Carey-rimmed glasses that gave her a somewhat intellectual touch.

Luli removed Julia's bra and took care of concealing those beautiful natural breasts so that her chest looked flat like a boy's. Julia was very amused with the process of pretending to be someone else and didn't mind hiding her femininity which she had always boasted about. For her, this was the most fun game she could have been a part of until then. Luli continued to work on making the appearance as plausible as possible, she put Julia in an elegant black suit that came from Michael's closet and which Luli skillfully adjusted to Julia's dimensions with a really satisfactory result.

It took a whole afternoon of Luli's time and work, but both were extremely pleased with the final result. Julia was unrecognizable and part of the game was that Julia should not speak a word while they were in the meeting, as her sweet voice would give her away instantly.

Luli went to get ready, which didn't take long once Julia helped her by combing her blonde hair, Luli made Julia wait in the hall while she applied the final touches, soon after that Luli appeared radiant with a beautiful Mink coat that her mother gave her for her last birthday, she looked so elegant with the hairstyle and the discreet jewelry she wore. Minutes later Michael arrived to pick them up and they headed to the meeting Julia had been waiting for.

On the way Michael and Luli warned Julia for the umpteenth time that no matter what she might see when she was there, she should not be surprised and her reactions should be completely neutral. She was strictly forbidden to look directly at other people in that place, unless she was listening to those people's conversation. Everything in that place is very serious and she had to behave like an adult. An adult with a really broad criteria. To which Julia agreed.

Michael: We are very serious! I would hate to see you get pulled out of there because of your childish and willful behavior. We trust you and your judgment, you are now a grown woman.

Minutes later, they were walking up a hill and the lights of a mansion could be seen at the top, many cars were arriving outside and some couples were walking towards the main entrance where they were welcomed and handed a password to the doorman, who passed them to a lobby where an assistant welcomed them and led the gentlemen to the main room where they could smoke a cigar and order a drink from the magnificently stocked bar at the back of the room, The ladies were led by an assistant to another part of the mansion where they could arrange their coats and perhaps touch up their makeup, so that at the appropriate time a herald would announce the beginning of the meeting in the main hall once everyone was gathered there.

Julia was amazed to see so many distinguished looking people arm in arm with beautiful women of all ages. She knew that this was very different from those society meetings she attended with her parents and looked even better than those boring parties she went to with her mother with those boring aristocratic ladies where they only talked about their sons' great achievements, Julia abhorred such statements because she knew the sons of these women well and always thought that most of them were good-for-nothing idlers, despite the fact that their mothers insisted that they were worthy of Olympic medals and in some cases even deserving of a Nobel Prize.

Luli went to the checkroom where she would hang her fine mink coat and touch up her makeup. Julia quietly accompanied Michael to the lounge and went directly to the bar where Michael ordered a round of double whiskey for both of them. Julia did not drink much and Michael insisted because she looked a little tense and the whisky would make her go into a more relaxed mood.

Michael introduced Julia as "Tony", a newcomer to the city who worked with him in his architectural office and who had some difficulty speaking due to a recent medical intervention on his throat.

Julia took great pains to play the role of "Tony" while Michael introduced her to all those people, she saw some familiar faces of the local society, even the dean of her university was there, as well as other prominent businessmen that she came to see in the company of her father in other parties, each and every one of them was very nice to welcome her.

The lights in the main hall dimmed and the women began to integrate into the meeting that was taking place in the main hall. Michael kept Julia very busy listening to the conversation she was having with two other men about Frank Lloyd Wright's work, so Julia, showing interest in the subject, could not notice the arrival of Luli and the other women.

The lights went out completely as the herald announced the arrival of the host who was illuminated by a searchlight. He thanked everyone for their presence and invited them to toast with the cups that were distributed among the attendees by the service people.

Julia felt that everything was very formal, Luli took her arm and told her that the party would soon begin.

The lights came on to the applause of the crowd and Julia took Luli's arm while her eyes adjusted and the dance began. Luli took her by the hand to guide her to the dance floor and the dazzled Julia obeyed, once she took Luli by the waist and her eyes saw everything clearly, Julia made a great effort to hide her surprise and approached Luli to speak in her ear.

Julia: Where are your clothes? You are naked! Let me put on my jacket and we'll go look for Michael.

Luli: Calm down Julia, look around you. And do it quietly, remember everything we told you when we were coming.

Julia obeyed and bit her lip to conceal her surprise when she realized that all the women there were naked, except for the women in the service who were attending to the guests.

Luli watched her sister-in-law, who remained silent trying to process what she saw, with great amusement. And she began to explain to Julia what that was all about.

Luli. This is a CMNF meeting, it's something completely new for you and it's a meeting where men dress very elegantly and women choose to come naked to have a good time, as you may have noticed all men act in a very polite way, there is no morbidness towards us and if you look at us it's the same way they would do if we had our clothes on, here it's something very natural and extremely respectful, I thought it would be good for you if you could see what it was all about first, Michael was a little reticent and thought you wouldn't react well when you went into the female area and found out that you had to leave all your clothes on a hook and walk into this room naked like we all do.

Julia began to understand what Luli was explaining and why she never told him the full details of what was going on in those meetings.

Luli: The only way you can understand all this is when you are naked and you share with all the people here, there are women who really enjoy this and there are others who would never understand it, that's why this is so reserved and if you want to describe it in a way; it's something that is done in secret for the rest of society.

Michael interrupted and asked Luli to give him that piece, he told Julia to join the meeting. Julia drank another Whisky and started to walk around the room, calmly observing the way those women of different ages and all complexions and physiognomies were enjoying the moment, she could see Mrs. Smithers, Stevie's mother, a boy she dated months ago.

Julia found it extremely amazing how beautiful Mrs. Smithers was even as a mature woman, her large round breasts crowned by grazed nipples, looked majestic in conjunction with a well defined waist and round and prominent hips, she had perfectly delineated blond pubic hair and even seemed to see it very well combed when surrounded by those generous thighs, Mrs. Smithers left her snobby, uptight everyday look next to all her clothes and enjoyed a Martini with her husband and other women in what seemed like a very pleasant conversation. She also saw Meredith Bachman, a friend of her mother's, looking radiant with her fine, smooth skin as if she were a schoolgirl, her slim figure and firm round butt acclaimed admiration and Julia remembered her brother's warnings, so she was extremely discreet in observing these women. Meredith was accompanied by 2 girls, the one on her left a beautiful and well formed young blonde-haired girl who soon made eye contact with Julia and approached her, Julia promised not to say anything, but that beautiful blonde approached her with elegant and determined steps showing much interest in conversation.

"Hi, I see you're new here. My name is Cynthia."

Julia pretended to be in tune and answered; "I am Tony"

Cynthia took his hand and they went to the dance floor. Julia began to feel very strange and a little uncomfortable because of her male characterization, she had no problem with nudity, in fact she had always enjoyed her body and even found it very funny that day when she forgot her skirt at home when she presented that test in her panties before she realized it and was able to go home. Julia secretly enjoyed the attention she got from other people that day when she got out of the test and that led her to take the remaining 2 classes of the day without caring about the absence of her skirt, for her it was a new kind of experience that she considered playfully sexy just like at that moment in that CMNF meeting.

She listened very interested in what Cinthya was telling her and Julia was forced to have a conversation, continuous in her role of a hoarse boy and among murmurs in Cinthya's ear was how Julia enunciated her answers, this made the conversation more intimate and interesting.

Julia relaxed as the night progressed, Cynthia could see that, so she took her hand and together they went through that big room where the festive atmosphere of the meeting was at its highest.

Julia felt the effect of the Whisky on her body, apologized to Cinthya and went to the bathroom, for a moment she forgot her characterization of Tony a few meters before the ladies' room and remembered that she would have to use the men's room, Julia entered the bathroom and noticed that the cubicles were completely occupied and it would be impossible for her to use the large urinal as several of the men were doing there. Her body demanded immediate relief and she had to act with intelligence and promptness, so she left quickly from there to go to the garden where she found many people talking in the meadows, she felt a little desperate so she went through the garden until she reached a labyrinth made by a skilled gardener with bushes in the style of the Louis of France.

Very soon Julia was inside and once she stopped seeing naked people passing by where she was, she took off her pants and coat fearing to wet them, she arranged her clothes in the bush avoiding them to get wrinkled and in moments a great relief went through her body with a pleasant sensation that was highly liberating for Julia who held back for a long time before arriving there.

Julia heard some panting and voices that seemed to be heading towards her, she had not finished yet, she saw the light of a lamp looking for something and those voices did not stop coming closer, the sweat on her face started to feel cold, her suit was just where that light was illuminating and those voices did not stop coming closer, she could not be caught urinating in the garden, it would be extremely embarrassing not to mention that her transvestism would be put in evidence, she heard those voices behind and instinctively got up, clumsily arranged her underpants and ran in the opposite direction of her garment over the bushes and those people who were heading toward her.

Julia walked in the dark for some minutes in that labyrinth garden, she was a little scared because she was so close to being discovered by that couple, now only the shirt and tie remained from the suit, Julia had a somewhat jocular look, because it was so much care that Luli characterized her adorable sister-in-law, that she even made her wear some tight white jockey brieffs under her masculine black suit.

Cinthya appeared in the labyrinth and Julia was a little nervous not having her black suit on, there was another beautiful young woman accompanying Cinthya and they both walked smiling towards that boy without pants.

Cynthia - Look Melina this is Tony the cute boy I told you about and it seems he has already discovered the funny garden maze. You have very nice legs Tony.

Julia greeted Melina, a beautiful blue-eyed brunette with round, feminine proportions in her anatomy; a big, round butt, long, well-turned legs and beautiful breasts, highlighted by a very well-cared for and delineated pubic bush. Her physique was the one that reigned in the male fantasy goddesses of the cinema in the previous decades and she had a great physical resemblance to the British model June Palmer, except for her delicate face and big blue eyes that could sometimes be confused with the 1960's Liz Taylor. Julia was extremely amazed by Melina and together with Cinthya at that moment any man could feel in paradise contemplating Eva and Lilith.

Both girls sensually surrounded Julia who was increasingly nervous about the incompleteness of her costume and her pulse quickened as Cinthya explained the activities outside the main hall.

Cynthia. On one side of the mansion there is a small room where there is a less formal atmosphere and men can leave all their clothes in a closet located at the entrance. People who decide to enter this section have a great time in this atmosphere of absolute nudity, At the back there is a good size room that also has access to the main room where the more daring women can be displayed on a platform ready for it and be caressed by other people, the naughty allow them to slap their buttocks and even a few to be sufficiently excited allow someone of her choice to give them oral sex and even penetrate her in that place in view of whoever is present there.Those who want some privacy with their partner can take one of the reserved places on the upper floor of that room and those with a more adventurous spirit are those who come to this labyrinth garden, seeing you enter here I thought you might like some fun. You know Melina and I found it very nice to find you here without pants. It makes me feel a bit tender as you look a bit nervous because we found you like this. Maybe you were just waiting for me? But Melina and I are very shared and we promise to be very sweet to you once we take off those clothes you're wearing, I don't know why but I find a guy in white jockey brieffs very sweet having an erection. May we?

Cynthia and Melina already had Julia's tie loose and all the buttons on her shirt open and without saying anything they focused their attention on Julia's underwear which was a little wet. Something they found very stimulating.

Julia wanted to scream, she held back and her breath was getting more and more agitated, she was about to be discovered and she was afraid of the reaction that those 2 beautiful and excited naked girls who accompanied her might have.

Cinthya and Melina put Julia against the bush in a position very similar to that of a police arrest, once they took off her shirt, they made her put her hands against the wall. Now both were in charge and Julia submitted to them somewhat nervously and very excited.

Julia continued with her back to her dominas, which soon removed from her torso the garment that Luli put on to hide Julia's breasts who now only had those wet briefs, Cinthya caressed her naked back and melina spanked her at the precise points, making Julia's excitement grow stronger and stronger, in her mind she wanted to reveal her identity and she knew that was about to happen when she felt her underwear slipping down her thighs exposing her feminine, round ass.

Julia: I can't take it anymore, please. There is something you need to know.

Melina: Calm down honey, soon you will be able to show us your erection. -I kiss her cheek and give her another spanking, which increased Julia's excitement even more.

Julia was too excited and felt anxious to tell her masters the truth.

Cynthia: You are a good boy, now you will turn around very slowly and you will masturbate for us. -She gently stroked his back and gave him another whack.

Julia was very excited and was frozen, she was about to be discovered.

Melina: Maybe you want us to explore a different kind of pleasure. As her hands ran along Julia's buttocks and her fingers began to playfully move deeper and deeper into those round cheeks, it made Julia gasp as the fingers entered her and she had an orgasm.

Cynthia: Now you must please Melina and me, you will turn around and show us how you masturbate, you must not be afraid. We are not fans of size, we want to see how hard you are and your excited face will be more pleasant for us before we make you ours. Go ahead, show us your stuff like a good boy willing to please us.

Julia was now completely naked, she was cornered and still excited, she put one hand on her pubis and started rubbing gently feeling a lot of pleasure and started turning around in front of her dominas, she didn't care anymore to be discovered, she was invaded by the need to relieve all that excitement that ran through her body.

In the darkness of the labyrinth garden, Julia turned to her dominas while she gently and pleasantly stimulated her vagina. This was something she never did in public and she was enjoying the experience of being watched in such an intimate moment for her.

Cinthya and Melina approached Julia and both kissed simultaneously each of her cheeks, while each one took Julia's false beard and wig to release her beautiful red hair while indicating to the excited Julia not to stop the activity between her thighs.

Cynthia: That's better, you are a beautiful woman enjoying her body. We are very happy that you can join us.

Julia continued to stimulate herself until she reached the climax again and again until she reached a pleasant plateau, lying down on the grass where she could experience the joy of female ejaculation before her very pleased masters who were by her side tenderly caressing Julia.

Cynthia and Melina enjoyed every moment of their mischievous adventure, freeing Julia from her disguise and joining under the shelter of the night to collective masturbation, relieving all their excitement together with Julia.

The three naked girls, once they reached their climax, lay hugging on the grass in that secluded spot of the labyrinth garden enjoying in silence that beautiful moment pregnant with magic.

A couple on their way back to the party found them. They were Mrs. Bachman and her husband - "Girls, let's go back to the party, the toast will start soon"

The girls got up and followed Mr. and Mrs. Bachman into the main hall. There they met Luli who was smiling as she joined the naked ladies of the party with Cinthya and Melina who were escorting her into the room.

Luli: Thank you very much for your help Cinthya and Melina, you are wonderful and I see that Julia has made a good connection with you, that makes me very happy.

Julia: So you knew about my costume the whole time?

Cynthia: Of course I did. Luli told us about you and your desire to come, we wanted your introduction to this CMNF world to be a little playful and we didn't think that undressing you would be so pleasant, we must thank you for the wonderful experience.

Julia saw in Cinthya and Melina's eyes that what happened in that labyrinth once she was undressed was not planned and that it was simply spontaneity that led the 3 girls to that unique and extremely pleasant experience.

The four of them hugged each other, soon Michael arrived and noticed that his little sister was no longer a child, he saw in her a beautiful and radiant woman ready to live in that adult world, soon someone from the service appeared with drinks for everyone and happily toasted to Julia's initiation in the world of the CMNF where she forged that night two great friendships for her whole life.
