Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 27 (Chapter 27)

As Melanie, Josy and Sarah were waiting for the bus outside the mall in a walled bus stop, Sarah broke the silence that had persisted since they left the store. “Do you want to see the bikini I got?”

Melanie jumped at the chance. “Oh! Yes, please.”

They were not the only people there, but it wasn’t crowded either. The three girls huddled together to compare suits.

Sarah had gotten a high cut light and dark green with pink patterned bikini that would provide moderate coverage of her butt. The halter top had long straps designed to wrap and tie around the chest while leaving most of the back bare. The front was open in the middle and would show some cleavage.

Josy’s bikini, which Melanie hadn’t seen yet either, was a cheeky cut with narrow side bands, providing slightly more coverage than a thong. The top was a regular cut with a cute stripe design. Melanie remembered Josy’s promise to wear a thong as well and wondered if Josy wanted to wear this one tomorrow. It wasn’t exactly a thong, but Melanie didn’t feel the need to make a big deal out of it.

Sarah was impressed with their suits, especially Melanie’s choice to go for a thong. “If I’d known, I might’ve gone for a thong as well!”

Melanie perked up at that idea. “We can go back.”

“No, it’s okay. Maybe my next bikini.” Sarah winked.

On the return trip, Melanie and Josy were mostly quiet. To free up time to go swimming the next day, they decided to do homework and chores, so they said ‘bye’ at the elevators.

*****

The next day, Melanie woke up early but lazed in bed for a while, hugging her blankets. Thinking about swimming, she moved her legs around under the covers, enjoying the feeling of freedom that came with sleeping in the nude. For a moment she wondered what skinny dipping felt like. She imagined swimming and walking around in her new thong bikini, and with her right hand she felt her bare butt. All of that would be on display, with just a thin band running between her cheeks. She pulled her legs up and with a finger she traced the valley of her butt, down over the wrinkly skin – would it show around the thong if she were to bend over? Continuing along, she added a finger and teased her lips. She spent some time feeling down there to determine whether she needed to do some grooming before swimming, but it all felt smooth. Smooth and slippery by the time she was done.

Around nine, she showered, then dressed in yoga pants and a sweater, and went down to the kitchen. She saw Julia laying on the couch with a cup of coffee next to her. Julia looked like she might be asleep.

A notification sounded on her phone and she quickly put it on silent. She took her breakfast to her room to check her messages.

Cohen had messaged their group. ‘Family is dragging me off to visit my aunt. Can we move swimming to next week?’
Brian: ‘Next week is better for me as well.’
Sarah: ‘Okay, let’s go next week. Hey Mel, the boys need to be spanked for canceling on us,
don’t you think?’

Melanie quickly typed. ‘OMG’

A moment later Cohen messaged: ‘LOL’
Sarah: ‘I’m serious.’
Cohen: ‘I’ll be there in 10. Come Brian let’s see if she’s all talk or what.’
Sarah: ‘Mel, you coming too? Need additional hands.’

Melanie, shocked at how far they were taking this, decided to add some spice as well. ‘I’ll bring my paddle.’

Sarah: ‘Ooh where did I put mine?’

Having had enough, but giggling, Melanie put her phone down. With their swimming plans on hold, she felt the need to go for a run. After sending a message to Josy to let her know about the change of plans, she was wondering how Brian was doing, so she sent him a message.

‘How’s your leg?’

‘Healing, a bit bruised.’

‘Did you get it checked?’

‘Now you’re exaggerating.’

Melanie rolled her eyes. ‘How long till you feel good enough to go running?’

‘Maybe okay now, but I’ll wait a few days. Why? You going today?’

‘About to go.’ She felt her muscles charged up and ready, but since he couldn’t join, she didn’t want to seem too hyped for her run.

‘Ah. Have fun, but not too much.’

Melanie smiled at his joke. Of course she’d behave on her run. She’d felt bad for going without him. At least he was in a good mood. He’d been rather quiet in the group chat.

After her run, she stretched in her room followed by a quick shower. Remembering her promise to herself to not let Alani influence her clothing, she considered what to wear. She settled on her pastel blue lapel tunic that reached to mid-thigh. With its flaring skirt it resembled a short dress with long arms and a zipper in front. She often wore it with jeans. Feeling daring, she wore nothing under it. No panties or bra. The front zipper could be opened to just below her breasts, but she left it high enough to hide her bralessness. As long as her nipples behaved, they wouldn’t be visible through the heavy material. She wore soft grey knee-high socks with it.

Checking herself, she was happy with her choice. She picked up her homework and went to the common room, looking at the three couches and the two chairs for seating options.

Paige had joined Julia in the common room, using the second couch to lie down. That left the third couch and two chairs empty. Putting her homework aside for the moment, Melanie decided to lay down as well.

Julia looked up and whispered, “Hey, good morning. Paige is sleeping.”

Indeed, it appeared Paige was studying the inside of her eyelids, rather than the book resting on her stomach.

Melanie nodded, settling into the couch, also closing her eyes. She thought about her plans for the day. Since Josy hadn’t yet responded to her message, it probably meant she was sleeping in. Perhaps they could spend the afternoon together. Or, she could ask Brian if they might study together.

The doorbell rang and Julia got up. “It’s for me.” She went to open the door.

There was a guy’s voice and shortly after, Julia and a guy passed by the door to the common room. The guy looked in. “Hi,” he said before continuing on to Julia’s room.

“Huh, what?” Paige asked, stirring from her nap.

Melanie smiled at her reaction. “Just Julia and her boyfriend.”

“Ah. Oh, hey Melanie. Didn’t see you there.”

“You were catching a few more z’s.”

Paige looked at Melanie lying on the couch. “You know how it is. Sunday morning.” She pulled herself upright and off the couch. “Shower time,” she announced, yawning and stretching as she left the room.

Melanie closed her eyes again and was woken up by the sound of Paige returning. She checked the time, noticing that Josy had replied.

‘Ah that’s a shame. So we’re going next week?’

‘Looks like. Any plans for today?’

‘Mark’s coming home today. My parents asked me to come too.’

‘Ah, so swimming being canceled is a good thing?’

‘Haha, no I was looking forward to that.’

‘Want me to come with?’ Melanie asked. On the one hand she’d enjoy spending the day with Josy, but a family visit with the Walkers was not at the top of her list of favorite things.

‘No, it’s fine. I’ll go by myself. Unless you really want to see Mark.’

Melanie just sent a laugh emoji back.

‘Have fun today, Mel. Not just studying!’ Josy sent back.

Melanie went back to the common room to get going on her homework.

During the day, Melanie’s roommates came and went and as dinner time neared, Paige (who was cooking) and Elle were in the kitchen, and Melanie was watching a show with Reese. They were sitting next to each other, their backs to the kitchen area.

“Mel,” Reese began. “I know I shouldn’t, but I’ve been wondering all day…”

Having a suspicion what Reese was thinking about, Melanie said nothing to let the quiet girl continue.

“I like your socks,” Reese said in her soft voice. “Can I see them?” She shifted on the couch, away from Melanie, and then tapped the couch between them with her hand.

Melanie hesitated. Half turning, she glanced towards the kitchen. Paige and Elle were still busy cooking. Turning back to Reese, she considered the implications of indulging the ash blonde’s request. What would Josy think? Ah, Josy would tell her to do it…

Reese tapped the couch again. “Put your feet up.” Though still in the same soft voice, it held more strength this time.

Feeling tingles pass from her neck down her spine and over her arms, and a pleasant feeling in her tummy, Melanie shifted her right foot just a few inches. Then her left foot followed.

“Good,” Reese smiled at her. “Up here.” Another tap.

Lightheaded, Melanie turned her body, leaning sideways against the backrest. She bent her knees and lifted both feet at the same time, placing them on the couch between the two of them. With her knees and feet pressed together, she figured that Reese’s view between her legs was blocked.

Reese angled a bit towards Melanie. Reaching out with both hands, she touched Melanie’s feet. The two of them locked eyes momentarily. Reese, seemingly taking Melanie’s silence as a sign that she could continue, ran her hands up along Melanie’s knee high socks.

Melanie sat there, surprised that she was letting Reese do this, but entranced by the quiet girl’s influence over her. She had no idea why the strange touches and pulls on her socks were giving her pleasant tingles down her back, but she wanted it to continue.

When Reese took her right foot in both hands, she let it be lifted, even helped it along. It was placed back on the couch a few inches away from her left foot. Reese repeated the process for the other foot, moving it in the other direction. Apparently not yet satisfied, Reese moved Melanie’s right foot again, placing it against the back of the couch.

With the view no longer blocked, Melanie saw Reese’s gaze aimed between her legs, the girl’s characteristic gentle smile widening.

Reese looked up at Melanie’s eyes for a moment, before looking down again. “Just as I thought,” she whispered, making Melanie blush. “And she’s as pretty as I remembered.”

Feeling hot, Melanie shifted in her seat.

“No, stay like that,” Reese whispered. “We’ll have dinner soon.”

And she did. Melanie tried to watch the show, but her mind began to wander. Josy would be pushing her to go further. She let her right leg fall to the side to lay against the backrest, and the movement drew Reese’s attention. However, this move was allowed, judging from the smile on Reese’s face. So much more exposed – Josy would like that, just as Reese did.

Melanie continued to imagine herself next to Josy, with roommates nearby. Her arousal would build, sitting like that in the common room where anyone might walk up and see her. Her abdominal muscles tensed as she imagined how wet she’d become, and she felt a drop of her arousal running down over her perineum.

How would Josy react? Would she be pushing Melanie to touch herself right there on the couch? Her hand moved down to the hem that still rested on her raised thighs. Would she do it for Josy? She moved her hand past the hem, pushing it up her thighs, index finger closing to make contact.

Reese’s grin at the edge of Melanie’s vision made her quickly pull her hand away. She pressed her knees back together, though she left her feet where they were. Ashamed by her lapse in judgement in front of Reese, she shifted her focus to the show for a while, in full knowledge that Reese was looking at her smooth glistening pussy.

“Good show. Ready for dinner?” Elle asked, standing right behind the couch and looking at the T.V.

Startled, Melanie quickly pushed her feet off the couch, sitting up straight. “Be right there.” She felt her face burning in the uncertainty of whether she’d been caught by Elle. Melanie wasn’t sure, but judging from Elle’s lack of reaction, she hadn’t actually seen anything. Close call…

After Elle had walked back to the kitchen, Reese grinned. “I agree with Elle. Good show today.”

Melanie sensed the double entendre, and tried to think of a response. “Do you like the actress?”

Reese stood up, winking at Melanie. “I shouldn’t have taken your attention away from her.” She pointedly shifted her gaze to between Melanie’s legs.

As Reese walked to the kitchen area, Melanie was left to wonder what it would have been like if she hadn’t noticed the girl’s grin when she had been about to touch herself. She took a minute to try and calm down. When Julia came in with her boyfriend, Melanie stood up to join everyone at the table.

With seven people – six girls and one guy – it was crowded at the table, but they made it work. For the most part it was Alani, Paige and Julia talking, with some words from Julia’s boyfriend.

After dinner, Melanie went to her room. She couldn’t remember the name of Julia’s boyfriend. He seemed to be quite the catch, but she just hadn’t paid all that much attention.

A few hours later, Melanie got a message from Josy. She’d gotten back from her family visit and asked Melanie if she wanted to come over. Quickly packing an overnight bag and her book bag, she scurried out the door.

Shortly after, Melanie was in Josy’s room. After dropping her bags and slipping off her coat, she stood in front of Josy, still in her tunic and knee high socks.

Josy’s hand went to the zipper. “Is this what you wore today?”

Melanie followed Josy’s hand with her eyes. “It is.”

“I like the socks,” Josy continued, using almost the exact same words as Reese had used.

“I spent much of the day in our common room,” Melanie said, wondering why Josy hadn’t stripped her yet.

“Oh? And did you have fun like I told you to?” Josy lowered the front zipper all the way to the middle. The tunic fell open to reveal the curves of Melanie’s breasts.

Melanie nodded.

“No bra. Were you a good girl or a bad girl?” Josy’s hand went down Melanie’s stomach, brushing over her mound and stopping to pick at the hem.

“Ah, I suppose that depends,” Melanie said, feeling Josy’s hand reach under the hem, touching her thighs.

“You’re right,” Josy said. “It depends on one’s point of view.” She let go of the hem and took Melanie’s hand, guiding her to the bed. “Sit and tell me about the fun you had today.”

Keeping eye contact with Josy, Melanie carefully sat down, legs straight on the bed and leaning back on her elbows. She told Josy about her day, quickly moving on to what happened late afternoon with Reese. As she spoke about Reese getting her to put her feet on the couch, Melanie lifted her knees and spread her feet apart in a similar manner. When she mentioned how she had almost touched herself, imagining Josy would tell her to, she had to lower her gaze. She felt the heat in her face as she waited for Josy’s reaction.

Josy looked stern. “Good girl; you were thinking of me. But… you were also being bad.”

Melanie nodded and lowered her gaze, feeling hot even in just her tunic.

“You took it too far with Reese,” Josy admonished her. She lifted Melanie’s head with a finger under her chin. “But I’m not mad. I just…” Josy said, her expression changing into a grin as they again locked eyes. Turning away from the bed, Josy said, “It’s late… and we should go to sleep… but come.” She went to her door.

Wondering what Josy meant, Melanie got off the bed, zipped up her tunic, and followed Josy out and down to the common room.

Josy turned one of the lights back on and went to the couch area. Instead of sitting down, she waited for Melanie and then lowered the zipper again, saying, “Tsk tsk… Up.”

Melanie stood there, her eyes wide. Seeing Josy’s resolve, she cast a look towards the hallway before raising her arms. A shiver went through her as her tunic flowed up and off, leaving her naked out in the large open common room, except for her knee-high socks.

After Josy sat down, Melanie sat next to her, putting her feet up on the couch between them. She knew what Josy wanted and sat exactly like she had with Reese, her right leg resting against the backrest.

They sat there without saying anything, both clearly enjoying the moment, even though Melanie was on edge trying to listen for any sounds of activity from Josy’s roommates.

“There was one more thing,” Josy winked.

Melanie brought her hand down between her legs, with her finger an inch away.

Josy smiled, her eyes on Melanie’s finger. “Keep going.”

That’s not how it went with Reese, but Melanie kept quiet. Her own eyes locked on Josy and feeling hot, she dabbed at her clit ever so lightly. As Josy’s eyes sparkled her approval, Melanie began to run two fingers down over her right outer lip, but then heard the key in the front door.

“Shit,” Josy whispered, “hide.”

Melanie scrambled from the couch, hurriedly crawling to a position behind the couch furthest from the entrance, while the front door opened and closed. Peeking around the corner of the couch, she saw Josy stretched out on the couch they had been on with closed eyes. To her shock she saw her tunic on the floor, but there was no time for it. She sat back and tried to get her breathing under control.

Footsteps approached and then came into the common room. “Josy? Still awake?” a female voice asked, coming closer still.

Melanie tried to make herself as small as possible, expecting to be discovered at any moment. As good as naked in the common room. The fact that she could only wait and hope settled in her mind.

“Huh? Oh, hi Jess. I got home and laid down for a moment. You’re a lifesaver, waking me up.”

“You’re welcome,” Jess said with amusement in her voice. “What’s this?” Melanie’s heart skipped a beat. Had Jess noticed the tunic?

“Oh that. There was a stain, but I got it out.”

“You should hang it right away, or it’ll wrinkle.”

Melanie heard receding footsteps and the lights went out as the two girls left the room.

From down the hall around the corner Melanie heard Josy’s voice. “Good night Jess, and thanks.”

More footsteps, now in the hallway, then two doors opened and closed. Melanie waited another minute to make sure no one would be returning. Peeling her bare butt off the floor, she got on all fours and crawled around the couches towards the door. As expected, her tunic was gone. She heard a noise from one of the rooms, and froze in place. Finally, she stood up and tiptoed to Josy’s room, opening the door as quietly as she could and slipping inside.

Josy was waiting for her, seeming to be relieved, but then grinning. “That was awesome. Did you enjoy that?”

Melanie shook her head, but knew her expression was giving her away.

Josy thought for a moment. “Jess will probably figure it out if she hears us go to the bathroom.”

“Ah, all I need is to brush my teeth.” Melanie said.

Josy had that glint in her eye. “I’ll go to the bathroom, while you go brush your teeth in the kitchen. It’ll be fine.” She winked. “You don’t need that,” she added when Melanie went to grab her tunic.

Melanie wanted to protest, but saw Josy’s face. Sighing, she nodded. This might actually be fun, seeing how she was still reved up.

Josy opened the door and as she went towards the bathroom, Melanie went to the kitchen. She tried to brush her teeth quietly. Another door opened. Melanie held still and heard the bathroom door opening, then voices and the door closing again. That was close.

As Melanie was rinsing, she heard another door opening. She froze, quickly turning off the faucet. Not the bathroom door. Approaching footsteps. Thinking fast, Melanie hurried as quietly as she could back to the couch she’d hidden behind earlier, sitting on the floor with her back against it, hugging her knees to her chest.

A moment later the light came on.

“Hello?” Someone asked. A girl, but Melanie wasn’t sure who.

Footsteps towards the kitchen, while Melanie tried to stay as quiet as possible. She bit her lip and held her breath. How would she explain sitting there in the dark, naked except for her socks?

“Hmmm.”

The footsteps approached the couch area, coming closer and closer.

Suddenly there was giggling above her. Melanie covered her face with her hands, peeking out between her fingers as she glanced up.

“Melanie? What are you doing here?” Sophia asked.

Both shocked at being discovered and relieved that it was Sophia, Melanie shushed her.

Sophia picked up on Melanie’s request, crouched down next to her, and whispered, “Where’s Josy?”

“Ah, in the bathroom with Jess.” Melanie relaxed a little.

“So you decided to brush your teeth in the kitchen?” Sophia appeared amused.

Melanie nodded. That sounded better than Josy deciding it for her.

“And Jess doesn’t know.”

Melanie just stared back.

“I’m still the only one that knows?” Sophia asked, smiling. “I interrupted you, didn’t I?”

Melanie looked away and nodded.

“Come, you can finish up. I’ll keep watch and pretend it’s me if someone comes.” She stood up, reaching out a hand to Melanie.

Though reluctant to yet again show Sophia full frontal nudity, Melanie took the proffered hand and rose from her hiding place. She went back to the kitchen to finish rinsing her mouth as the other girl followed.

As Melanie was leaning forward over the counter, Sophia whispered close behind her, “Tight butt.”

After she finished, she turned back to Sophia to see the girl grinning. “Ah, thank you… I guess.”

“Do you have your phone with you?”

Melanie held up her hands, showing her toothbrush and toothpaste.

“Ah, that’s a shame.”

“Uhm, can you please not tell Josy about catching me here?”

“Why? I mean, okay. Will you bring your phone to breakfast tomorrow?”

Melanie felt herself blushing, but nodded.

Together they walked out of the common room, Sophia turning off the lights. After a silent ‘bye’, Melanie went into Josy’s room. A few minutes later, Josy was back as well.

“What are you doing to me, Josy?”

“It’d be easier if you’d let me tell everyone you’re a nudist.”

“Isn’t Sophia enough?” Melanie asked. Seeing Josy’s surprise at her question, she added, “I mean all the kitchen antics.”

Josy put her finger to her chin in mock thought. “Hmm…”

Melanie decided to quickly move on. “Good thing you enjoyed that, because I get to pick what you wear to bed.”

Josy’s eyes went wide. “Just a top? You’re going to hold me to that?”

“I have to,” Melanie said. “And you can’t hold it against me either. You promised. At the store.”

“I did, didn’t I? Okay fine, but go easy on me.”Josy crossed her arms over her chest, but her nerves gave her away.

Melanie smiled.

