This is a genuinely true story and therefore quite hard to write (thank you for the help EdiTor) but I think it will be a good lesson for those who don't full appreciate just how destructive the sex industry can be. The details are the best that can be remembered but I must admit I've filled in a few blanks although nothing about how she felt or what was said has been added to her own words or altered.

My wife was only five one and very slim. When this happened she was twenty four but as you will appreciate she looked a good deal younger. She had lovely legs and a pretty face which was always smiling.

We went on an extended travelling holiday intending to tour around the old Eastern Block countries: Czech Republic, Hungary Rumanian etc. and were in Rumania in a place called Galati not far from the Moldova border when it happened. We had stopped there for a day as we were tired of travelling and after a meal we left our small boarding house and went to a bar.

Now we'd been on the road for quite a while and I guess had become used to the mixed locations we'd visited so this wasn't that different. The bar was noisy but quite friendly and we intended to have a few drinks there before deciding to call it a night.

I suppose like all couples we argued occasionally at times and being so close together for such long periods meant we'd probably argued a few times more than normal in the past week although don't get the wrong idea it was a fun and very happy trip. That night we had a bit of a `tiff' again for the third of forth time in as many days, that is to say we'd disagreed about something trivial  earlier in the day and one of us brought it up again and it turned into an argument.

In the end Libby got rather terse so when I went to get a fresh drink she told me to go ahead but she didn't want another as she was still sipping her last one. Only when I was sampling my fresh beer she announced she was going back to our digs and she'd see me there. I was annoyed and said fine but no sooner had she gone than I bolted down the beer and followed her probably no more than three minutes behind.

When I arrived at the place the woman who let me in asked in broken English where my wife was? I explained she was just ahead of me so expected her back already and that was when a look on her face told me there could be trouble. She pushed me back out and said `find, find' then added `bad people' and shut the door in my face. I wasn't sure if she meant me and Libby or just me but I decided to retrace our steps.

Back at the tavern the barman, who spoke little English, wasn't helpful, not obstructive just too busy to care. After a fruitless time explaining to anyone who understood me I finally got to speaking with a man who said I should go to the police 
His English wasn't good but I agreed and he gave me directions.

To cut this part of the story short I was in a police station within a half-hour of her going out of the tavern door and in fairness to them they did take me very seriously. They suggested I go back to the hotel and wait while they did some checking around but of course when I finally sat down and gave a statement they were far too interested in our rather vocal argument rather than accepting that Libby had actually gone missing.

So basically that was it and I had to wait for more than twelve hours until they accepted she'd really gone and wasn't simply hiding from me or had decided to go off with someone else! Following that they organised a low key search but found no sightings of her after she left me drinking alone. Thankfully unlike some movies you see they didn't suspect me at all, probably because both the landlady and the barman could testify I was barely out of anyone's sight but they also testified about our squabbling.

Later a countywide search began for her but there was a definite air of half-heartedness especially when they got a report back about another row we'd had a couple of day before that. There was some talk of us physically fighting in the restaurant the night she disappeared but that was nonsense however it did slow the investigation which I suspected was the whole point. 

Anyway after four days when it was clear she had disappeared properly and both our sets of parents were sick with worry, her mother phoned and informed me she'd received a letter from Libby explaining that she'd left me. I almost chocked and said that was stupid but she added that it was Libby's writing and the postcard said she'd found me intolerable and realised just what living the rest of her life with me would be like, so she was getting away for a while to take stock.

I said it had to be fabricated but her mother sounded as if she believed it and so did mine who said quietly that I'd better come home. As a consequence of the postcard it wasn't even in the news but as the days became weeks I was distraught. Her mother received a call from her a couple of weeks after but she didn't want to talk to me after it and it was only my brother-in-law who let me know.

Basically Libby sounded a little distraught but that was explained by the fact she told her mother she'd met another man who was nicer to her than me (she didn't actually say it in words but she'd implied that I'd been in some way abusive to her) and she was going to move in with him for a while. 

I simply didn't buy any of it because like I said while we'd had a few arguments they were nothing much and I absolutely knew that Libby had still loved me every bit as much then as when we got married. Anyway that was that and even her mother heard nothing more.

*

As she left the tavern a man had followed and when she turned towards our lodgings he approached her and spoke in Rumanian, Libby didn't speak it but knew a few Czech works and tried to strike up a conversation. Anyway moments later a car pulled up and she was grabbed, something was taped over her mouth, a sack pulled over her head, her wrists taped together then she was shut in a car boot.

She was driven for a few minutes then the boot opened and she was dragged out and transferred roughly into the back of a lorry where she was seated on a bench the sack still over her head. She was petrified but as she calmed a little she was aware of someone crying quietly nearby.

The lorry drive was unpleasant and she was desperate for a pee. In the end she wet herself but no one made a comment or came to see to her and she sat in her distress until after several hours it stopped. She could hear the back door open then after a short while the sack was pulled off and she was led out into a dark yard where she was directed to a dirty, broken toilet which she used before walking around trying to ease the cramp in her legs. There were two other girls out at the same time but they never made eye contact.

One of the three men watching grabbed her and pushed her back to the truck where she was hauled up and the sack pushed back over her head. All the while her mouth had remained taped. She was like that for ages as the second part of the journey took even longer, or so it seemed.

Libby peed herself once more hours later well before the next stop but despite this she slept for several hours two or three times. Finally, after three stops they arrived at their destination what could have been up to a day later. She had no idea where they were or indeed what country but they were bundled out and marched into what was clearly a disused factory.

On the second floor she was shoved down a corridor containing row of abandoned offices. The door were open either fully or partially and Libby briefly saw others in three of then before she was pushed into the next room and handcuffed to a ring in the wall above a mattress.

It was daylight outside and it showed the old office was empty of everything except the mattress, a shallow bucket and a very old chair by the door, out of reach of her now she was chained.

Libby sat in terror, too scared to even pull the tape from her mouth waiting, curled up in a tight ball, for whatever awful fate she was to face. The room was stuffy and hot and there was the faint smell of urine and faeces drifting through the open window above her.

After a little while she heard a commotion in a room next door then two men appeared at the open door. Without speaking, one grabbed her arm while the other produced a syringe and tourniquet. Libby yelled a muffled `no' but to her shock and surprise the first man hit her very hard around the face twice and she fell back, the room spinning briefly at the ferocity of the blows. The other man applied the constriction to her arm then injected her. As it was released Libby finally lost all of her cares and slumped to the mattress happy to be free of the pain and the fear.

After that she remembered little except waking in a bit of a fug and being given some food to eat which she did before being directed to the bucket which she was clearly expected to use as a toilet. With a gesture the man indicated she toss the contents out of the window so she did.

When she was done the man picked up the syringe used earlier as it sat on the chair then wiping it he pulled some more of the drug from a small vial and came over to her gesturing for her to lift her sleeve.

She shook her head and was shocked at the reaction: he grabbed her hair and slammed her head against the wall sending an explosion of pain through her head. He let her go and she crumpled to the mattress where he knelt on her chest so hard she couldn't breathe then applied the tourniquet and dosed her up. She was thankful for this as the sickening pain subsided and she floated away. The next time he gestured, later that evening when it was almost dark, she complied welcoming the release it gave her from her prison.

She had no idea how long she was there or how many times she was drugged but she was happy to have been spared from reality. Then one morning the men didn't give her any and by the afternoon she was quite ill and felt like climbing the walls.

Finally a man she'd not seen before unchained her and took her into another of the old offices only this one still had a desk and chairs. She was seated one side of the desk while he took the opposite seat.

"Now little English girl, who do you love more, your mother or father?"

She looked blank but the man got annoyed almost immediately and slapped her so quickly it took her breath away.

"When you are spoken to you answer!" he stated. His accent was also Eastern European but which country Libby didn't know. She looked at him then realised he was still waiting for the answer.

"I, err... both." She said in a croaky voice. She'd not spoken for days.

"Just tell me which!" he said keeping his voice low but making it sound very menacing.

"I'm a bit closer to my mother..."

"Good!" he interrupted. "You will write what I say on this postcard. Then I will send it to your mother." He pushed the picture postcard to Libby and ordered her to write.

The words were written down for her to copy. She glanced at her captor who smiled; "You'll get you relief as soon as it's done." She knew what he meant and did as asked keen for the drugs that would make the pain go away.

`Dear Mum, I'm so sorry if you or dad have been worried, I didn't want to upset you. 
I've left Darryl.
Yes I know you'll think it sudden but to be honest it's been coming for ages and this holiday was the final straw. I'm going to get away on my own for a bit to take stock but I promise to call you when I get my phone charged up again.
Love Libby.'

She copied it without question not even thinking to change anything or put down something that might suggest she was under duress. She was hurting from the lack of drugs and the slap so simply went with it. The guy took it from her then took her back to her room and she rolled up her own sleeve letting him give some more of the drug.

She wasn't sure what went on but she was high when she was dragged from her room and found herself in the back of the lorry again. Once more she had a sack over her head. They travelled for some time; well after the drugs had worn off until they pulled up at night and the sack removed. She and the other girls (there were now four of them) were taken into the back of what was clearly a shop store room where they stood in the dark waiting.

A man appeared and on his order they were marched through the storeroom and into a small bathroom.

"Wash yourselves and throw your clothes on the floor, put on the clothes I bring. " He said in a strong accent repeating what he'd obviously told the others in their native language, he then left them to do as he asked. Libby pulled her grimy clothes from her and after waiting for a skinny teenage girl to bath she cleaned herself up and used the damp towel to dry herself.

She guessed she was the oldest of the four; two were quite young while the third might have been closer to eighteen or so but as Libby realised they'd probably thought her no older than that when they took her. It was as she stood watching the last of them at the sink that the door opened and the man came back in looking over them as they all tried to cover themselves up.

He then handed each one a flimsy dress and told them to hurry before he tore himself away and left them to cover their bodies. It was very cramped but they silently pulled on the clothes then stood self-consciously watching each other. All of them were similar in size, either by luck or design and the dresses fitted them well.

Their wait was very short before the door opened and they were lead out. Several men were there and one of the men handed a brush to they younger teen, who took it and tried to comb some of the tangles out of her hair. Next the older teen and then Libby. After they'd all had a go they were taken to the far corner where a man was filling a syringe. Each girl without arguing offered their arms and was rewarded with a shot of a drug. Libby was sent on a high but not as intense as before but sufficient to knock the edges of her ordeal away, ridding her of concern. They sat or slumped on boxes for a few minutes before being lead away. The front of the shop was shuttered but the room was brightly lit by the overhead tubes. There were about a dozen men chatting to each other drinking beer but when the girls appeared they became silent. A man stood in front of the girls and spoke in a language Libby could little understand.

Then after a few minutes one of the girls was pushed in front of him and he began to speak to the group while holding her by the arm. She noticed him lift her skirt a few times and realised from the rhythmical chanting that they were bidding for the girl.
Libby was still pretty out of it, despite not having been given the same quantity as before, so she wasn't prepared when it was her turn. She remembers standing in front of the men and having her dress pulled up several times and she could even recall her legs being stroked but that was it. Soon she was taken out and after sitting on the same box for a short while she was lead to the rear door again and after her dress was removed she was taped mouth hands and feet and dumped naked into the trunk.

She came down still lying uncomfortably in the baking, locked trunk and was forced to stay there for what seemed like a very long time. Even after the car stopped she was left for quite a period before it started again and drove for about half an hour before finally the trunk was opened and she was lifted free.

She was at the rear of a house or shop near to a very busy street whose noise and traffic was clearly heard. Libby legs were cut free and she was marched up some steps and into a small corridor. At the end of it there was a locked metal grill door which was opened by a very large swarthy man. She was marched along and into a tiny room with a bed and a small light hanging in the ceiling, there was no window and the room smelled of a mixture of incense and sweat.

She was set free then the man turned to her and gestured to her arm making a sign that Libby indicated a further dose of drugs. She nodded at him and he grinned then put his hand on her small breast. She instinctively flinched and he made to hit her so she hastily stepped forward again back to his hand. The man checked his blow and proceeded to fondle her then pushed her to the bed. He grabbed a condom from a large pile on the table and dropped his trousers.

Libby watched in fear as he pumped his cock until it was hard then rolled on the condom before getting on top of her and trying to put it in. Despite the lubrication on the rubber he was unable to and looking annoyed he slapped her. He got up and grabbing her wrist he pointed to a jar of what she realised was petroleum jelly and she knew immediately what he wanted. She grabbed a finger full and coated the inside of her dry sex until she was slippery then she got under him and let the man enter her.

This time he went in although it took several stabs to push it fully home. The man then raped my wife for a few minutes until he was spent then he got off and pointed to his cock which my wife approached and removed the rubber from. Libby lay back crying quietly until another man appeared. He sat on a small stool and looked at her. He was ugly and very large and she was instantly afraid.

"I need you to phone your mother in the morning." He said in a deep voice. He spoke good English. "You will tell her you have met another man and wish to spend time with him. If you do this and do it well you will get your drugs. If you do not do it well then no drugs. If you try to warn her or make some comments that makes me suspicious then we will slit your throat." He looked at her coldly making her aware that this was a statement not a threat.

"You are here to work for us. Clients will come up and use you and you will be nice to them. If you are nice to them we will be nice to you and give you drugs. If you are not very nice to them or they just don't like you, we will not give you drugs. If you make a fuss we will beat you or worse."

He looked at her petrified face and smiled. "There is a bathroom down the hall which you can use. We will give you clothes to wear but you need to take care of them and you will do your own washing also in the bathroom." Always insist the men who visit use a condom as many of them have AIDS and it would be a shame to lose you so soon." Libby was shaking at this but he didn't seem to care. "Now if you do well you will get lots of drugs and you will be happy."

He got up and signalled for her to follow him. She passed what must have been at least a dozen or more small bedrooms until they reached a door similar to the one at the back. Next to it was the bathroom and there was a locked room opposite. The man unlocked this and went inside. Libby followed and found it was a storeroom. The man picked out some clothes and thrust them at my wife. "Wear these."

She looked at the thin nightdress and white stockings in his hand then took them before he had cause to get angry. She then went back to her own room and dressed. The man followed her then pulling the curtain across, which served as a door, he began to undress himself. Libby said a silent prayer then waited until he gestured to her to get on the bed. She remembered to grab the lubrication first and pushed it around the entrance to her hole as the man made to mount her.

"Condom!" She squeaked at him as he was about to push his colossal cock home.
"No condom for me, young lady!" He laughed then began to work himself inside her. It hurt her as it went in but thankfully the lubrication helped and so had the man before him. She let the man have sex with her and when he said in a rather threatening tone that she wasn't earning her reward, she wrapped herself around him and rubbed his back.

The sex was uncomfortable and he also lasted for a long time but finally he climaxed and she felt him empty himself inside her. She lay there for ages after he left before making to the bathroom where she waited until it opened and a girl came out. She was clearly high and swayed off to her cubical almost without noticing Libby at all. Once inside my wife cried for ages while cum seeped out of her and she was able to get some control. She was feeling doubly wretched because she was also beginning to miss the drugs that had been in her veins for so long. Finally after a loud knocking on the door brought her back she got up and went out. The girl who was standing there looked so young Libby was actually shocked but the girl didn't appear to be new to the place rather pushed her out of the way gibbering in a language my wife didn't understand at all.

Back in her room Libby lay back waiting for some time before she drifted asleep. She was woken by a loud banging which she investigated and found that the door at the back was open and the girls filing out. She followed and discovered they were queuing for food. She was now quite sick from withdrawal but she took the bowl and returned to her room where she picked at it finding the meat tough and unpleasant and she wasn't craving food but she ate some of it.

A little later a man came to her room and hit her for no reason she could understand then told her she had to keep her room clear of mess and snatched the bowl from the small shelf where it lay adding that she was new but next time she didn't return the bowl she would go without. He then told her to get ready for guests. Libby suffered the worst evening she had ever experienced. Without any drugs to dull the pain or humiliation she had go with a seemingly never ending stream of men. She was forced to roll condoms on several of them but all of them were unclear and smelled very bad. She wanted to scream and cry and throw up but somehow she did none of these things and eventually after hours of this she was finally allowed time alone.

Then one of the men came in. he looked her over then with a nod went out and another man came in and shot her up. At last Libby was free from the ordeal for a while and she was happy. The following day she was taken out of the brothel area to a quiet room with proper furniture and she rang her mother. How she put on the performance since she was still coming down as well as being really scared of making a mistake, but she did it. Her mother asked about the man she was with and she told them about how great he was and how he owned his own business then said they were in Naples and going on to Rome to meet his family.

Why her mother didn't question her more I don't know but Libby was very good by all accounts and she made them think she was safe and happy. Twenty minutes later she was being used by the ugly man again. After that Libby was out of it much of the time and within a few weeks she was so completely reliant of the drugs for everything she simply lived to remain high. The men withdrew her fix occasionally to remind her of her needs and she would beg them to give her, her fix. She had no idea how long she was in the brothel for or even what went on only that she seemed to be required to sleep with dozens of men every day. Eventually after what we now know was little over two weeks, once they were sure she was completely addicted and totally compliant, she was drugged up and shipped off.

She didn't remember being sold this time but found herself working for an Asian man who used her in his bar and got her to stand on the street offering her services inside. Being white and pretty she was very popular since it was a town full of Arabs and he made a lot of money from her. To enhance her charms at some time he paid for her to have her breasts enlarged which he apparently found made her the star attraction of the street. However this came to the attention of a bigger player in the area who acquired her either by purchase or threat.

Libby then found herself in a private house where she slept in the basement along with two other girls all of them called upon to perform sexual and other services for the man and his guests. She learned they were now in the Morocco and her new `owner' was a major crime lord in the region. She was lucky that he found her so desirable because while she was used and abused it was nothing compared to one of the other girls who was only sixteen. The young girl was Russian and had been trafficked under the impression she was going to be given a job as a nanny but had ended up at the house where she was beaten, starved periodically and used by the entire household for any task they saw fit.

The other girl was pregnant apparently as the result of a mistake with the birth pills she'd been given but she told Libby she was sure it had been deliberate since the baby was fathered by one of his influential contacts in the local government office whom she'd been loaned to for a couple of months. Libby found out quickly that the man didn't dish out drugs to his girls but simply used violence and fear to keep them compliant. It meant that she went through hell for a month mainly from her withdrawal but also from the fact that she was punished occasionally for not performing well enough at whatever she was meant to do without even realising she'd done wrong. She was in real fear for her life and this was only made worse when the sixteen year old disappeared for a week only to return delirious from lack of food and water showing the signs of having been used by literally dozens of men during her trip.

However as I said Libby was lucky to have become the man's prized possession, well sexual possession, and she was spared too many beatings but she was subjected to frequent sexual encounters with the man. She found out quickly that being attentive and seemingly willing when with him, made him feel good about her and she enjoyed times when they would eat together and she spent many nights in his bed. After a few months he began to introduce her to selected friends which of course meant she was expected to perform for them as well. It was about this time when she realised he was bored with her and slowly things changed. Increasingly she seemed to be given to others to play with and finally one evening she was required to perform with a succession of men who were both very rough and relentless. That night she realised that the man was no longer interested in her at all as he just watched her with the men looking bored.

The Russian girl was taken away one day and they never saw her again, Libby and the pregnant Rumanian woman were left wondering if she'd been sold or something worse had happened. When the baby finally appeared the Rumanian girl never came back either and that left my wife on her own for a few days before a new girl appeared. She was also Russian but unlike the other girl she was incredibly attractive and older, closer in age to Libby.

Immediately after she arrived things got worse for my wife who now became the one given to guests to use and abuse. She remembers an evening where she was forced to have sex with a group of men who were the guards for some important visitor and they were so rough with her she actually passed out as one was strangling her as he had sex. Later that day she was used by three men at once and woke in a heap on the floor of the cellar several hours later after once again nearly being asphyxiated.

The new girl spoke little English but they kept each other company at night and help the other through difficult times. She was a very confident woman but even she lost that edge after a few months and both women spent their time together holding each other and whispering that one day they would get free even if they couldn't hardly understand each other. Something eventually happened, Libby has no idea what but both girls were suddenly dragged up into the daylight and bundled into a van. They were then taken to another building where they slept for a day or so then were sold along with four or five others. She never saw the other woman again either.

Libby was forced to work for an Asian man whose men would take her to hotels and private residences where she would perform then return to the small house where she was kept prisoner along with two others. The other women were both black and neither spoke any English so Libby had few conversations over the next five or six months. To enhance her charms she had nipple rings inserted and others in her labia and clitoris which seemed to go down well with the men she had sex with. Once again she was given drugs but this was a quick puff every few days so while they were addicted it was not enough of a hit to affect their performance with their clients.

She realised she was pregnant after a month or so but was too scared to mention it but once it became obvious she was taken away and forced to have an abortion in a dirty room somewhere across town. She was left alone in her shared room for only a couple of days before she was back working. She was more than willing to do this as she craved a puff of drugs which she was being denied.

Finally she got lucky and after one evening spent with a couple of foreign businessmen her driver, who was drunk go involved in an argument with another man and was shot. She was dragged away by the winner but despite being raped by him and several other men for the following few hours she was left with a woman who it was clear wanted to use her as a slave. Libby was forced to work for the woman for the next few days but once she realised she had no drugs to satisfy her cravings and that there was little the old woman could do if she left, that's what she did. After a nasty encounter with a man who was going to rape her until she actually offered herself so to avoid any violence, she reached an English run school.

The assistant principle was shocked by her appearance but after telling her the story of her incarceration and escape she contacted the embassy who sent a car and a doctor to the school. It was three days later after they had verified who she was; she was given the all clear by the Moroccan government to leave the country and made it home to England.

She was found to have Hepatitis and Syphilis upon her return but was thankfully able to have treatment for both although the Hepatitis isn't curable but is managed. She had her implants removed although it left some scarring and she also lost all her body jewellery and returned her hair to its natural colour rather than the bleached blond she'd worn for the past months. Libby was of course a different woman to the one I married and loved. She had also lost her smile and love of life and far worse she had clearly grown to be dependent on drugs again and within days of her return she was desperate for a fix. I tried to help her get over the addiction, supporting the professionals who treated her but it was probably nearly a year before she was genuinely free of any addiction be it drugs or alcohol, which she turned to after a few weeks of her return.

Libby and I didn't have sex for nearly five months and even then it was distressing as we both cried and she told me she felt so ashamed of herself she didn't think she could do it ever again. However we vowed to make it special when we eventually tried again and to help her she was always in control however she never got enjoyment and finally admitted that she'd lost her desire for sex. After some agonising she admitted that she wanted to be celibate. We stayed together for another few months before she left to live with her mother where she still is, a broken shell of the woman I loved.

Sadly I heard that only a few weeks ago two French girls were abducted in the same part of Rumania and I have no doubt their lives will be destroyed at well.
