The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

The Jello Incident

Vince poked his hand into the pool and swirled it around. Chunks of 
jello bobbed up and down in the trail left by his fingers. He lifted a 
finger to his lips and sucked the juices from it. "MMMM" he said, 
"that's good jello." 

"Do you like cherry?" The voice from behind Vince startled him and he 
whirled to see who it was. Standing before him was Megan, a cute 
redhead with breasts you would die for. She looked at him with her 
sparkling green eyes and Vice's attention was drawn to the towel that 
was wrapped around her.

"I hope you're wearing a bathing suit under there" he said.

"Of course" replied Megan; "do you want to see?"

"Well I'm sure I'll get to see it eventually so why not"

Megan dropped the towel to the floor and walked seductively towards 
Vince. She was totally naked. As she reached him she trailed a finger 
delicately across his naked chest, then walked to the poolside. Megan 
leaned over the edge and looked back at the flabbergasted Vince. 
"Coming?" she asked in a voice that would make The Pope hard. She slid 
into the pool and breast stroked to the other side.

"Just about" whispered Vince to himself. He walked to the pool edge 
and was just about to climb in when Megan told him to stop.
"What's the matter?" he asked.

"You can't wear those in here" she said pointing to his swimmers. 
"It'll ruin the taste of the jello. You better take them off."

Vince started to look nervous. "I can't take them off," he said.

"Why not?"

"I just can't." Vince was blushing bright red now.

"Are you embarrassed? Don't worry, I'll shield my eyes." Megan placed 
her hand over her eyes but made sure that a small gap remained so that 
she could see everything.

Vince quickly stripped of and plopped into the pool. Megan did not 
miss the huge erection he was sporting.
"Well are you going to sit there all day or come over next to me 
Vince?"

He paddled over to Megan and sat down next to her on the underwater 
step. The jello covered them both up to the base of their necks.
"You still look a little red there. You're not embarrassed to be in 
here with me are you?"

Vince knew Megan was teasing him but he was unable to stop blushing. 
Here he was sitting naked in a pool of jello with a beautiful naked 
woman. Who wouldn't be nervous? Plus he had a raging hard-on that just 
wasn't going away.
Megan reached down and placed a hand on his knee. He nearly leapt out 
of the pool in surprise.
"My, my you really are nervous aren't you? What could you possibly 
have to feel nervous about?" 

Megan was enjoying the reaction she was having on Vince. She moved her 
hand higher.
Meanwhile Vince was breaking out in a sweat. Doesn't she know what 
she's doing to me? He thought. Her hand had reached his upper thigh. 
He was sure she could feel his pubic hair now.
Megan was excited by the affect she was having on Vince. She briefly 
thought about stopping what she was doing. Then reached out and 
grabbed his now throbbing cock.
"Well what do we have here?" she cooed seductively. "My, it's a big 
one. It goes all the way up to here. And all the way down again. And 
up, and down, and up, and down."

Vince was in shock. My god he thought. I can't believe she's doing 
this. A low moan escaped his lips. He might have been nervous to start 
with but he thought that if she stopped now he would probably explode.
Megan's hand started to rise and fall with more speed, rapidly bring 
Vince closer to climax.
"Oh god. Please don't stop."

"I wouldn't dream of it Hon" she whispered to him. "I want you to cum 
baby. I want you to cum like a rocket"

"Oh yes!" Vince was on the edge now, the point of no return. He threw 
back his head and groaned as he orgasmed, his cum rapidly mixing with 
the jello in the pool. Megan looked on as Vince spasmed under her 
hand. She loved having this sort of control over a man. And she knew 
that he would do anything for her now. Vince's vision started to 
return and he turned to Megan and kissed her on the lips. "Thank you" 
he whispered. "That was great."

"Encore!"

A voice from the far side of the pool startled them from their 
reverie, and they turned to see a leggy blonde standing by the pool, 
applauding loudly.
"How long have you been there Therasa?" asked Megan.

"Long enough" replied Therasa, throwing them a wink. "That jello sure 
looks inviting, mind if I join you?"

"Sure" replied Megan, "but no clothes OK? It spoils the jello."

"Not a problem" replied Therasa as she stripped off her clothes. When 
she was naked she settled into the jello.
"Have you seen Sarah and David?" asked Megan.

"Yeah, they're in the pool house."

"What are they doing?"

"What do you think they are doing? Honestly, I don't think that it is 
physically possible for those two to keep their hands off each other."

"Is this a private party or can anyone join in?" Felicia, a petit 
brunette with small, pert breasts, had entered the courtyard and was 
looking at the trio relaxing in the cherry jello. She had a 
mischievous grin on her face and she dropped a wink at Therasa.

"Sure, come on in" invited Therasa. She had a secret fantasy about 
Felicia and she hoped that it was about to come true. 
Felicia undressed and slid into the pool next to Therasa. As she 
settled down one of her breasts brushed against Therasa's lips. 
Therasa's tongue quickly shot out and flicked Felicia's nipple. 
Felicia gasped. "What are you doing?" she demanded. 

Therasa was deeply embarrassed. She had been sure that Felicia 
brushing her breast against her lips had been intentional. "I'm sorry" 
she apologised. "I made a mistake."

"You certainly did" replied Felicia. "You were supposed to suck on my 
breast, not just lick it. Here, like this." Felicia grabbed Therasa 
and pressed her face to her breast. 
Therasa quickly responded taking one of Felicia's rapidly hardening 
nipples into her mouth and sucking greedily. 
Felicia let out a low moan and pulled Therasa's head down harder. 
Therasa reached down with one hand and slid it between Felicia's legs. 
Her fingers slid easily into the hot wetness that was there. 
Felicia parted her legs more to allow Therasa better access. 
Therasa slid three fingers in and out in rapid succession, fucking 
Felicia with her hand. 
Felicia threw back her head and moaned loudly as her orgasm rushed 
through her body, her hips bucking hard against Therasa's hand. As the 
spasms eased she grabbed Therasa and kissed her passionately, her 
tongue twining with Therasa's. 
"My god that was fantastic" she moaned. "You could do that for a 
living"

"Thanks" blushed Therasa "I try my best."

"Well you deserve a reward. What do you want? What's your deepest 
fantasy?"

"Well I have one, but I can't do it now"

"Why not?" asked Megan who had been watching the display with great 
interest. She had been stroking Vince while she watched and now he was 
sitting there with a very happy look on his face.
"Well because Vince is with you. And there is only one of him."

"Well hell girl, you can use him if you want. I even got him primed 
for you," she said, dropping a sly wink to Vince.

"Thanks Megan but I need another man as well."

"Do you want me to go and get David?" asked Felicia.

"No leave him. I think he would rather be where he is right now"

At that moment Simon walked into the courtyard. "Wow look at all that 
jello" he exclaimed.
Megan, Felicia and Therasa looked at Simon, then at one another.
"Get him!" they yelled.


Meanwhile in the pool house, Sarah and David where dancing to some 
very romantic music. They where holding each other close as they 
swayed to the music. They were also totally naked. They would kiss 
occasionally; long, deep, passionate kisses. David's hands slid down 
Sarah's back, reaching her arse cheeks and gently cupping them. They 
kissed again, their tongues meeting. They broke and David bent 
slightly, kissing Sarah on the neck. He could feel her pulse under his 
lips. It was beating rapidly. The thought that he was responsible for 
the rise in heart rate thrilled him. He moved lower, trailing moist 
kisses behind him as he went. He reached Sarah's ample breasts and 
cupped them in his strong hands. He took one breast into his mouth and 
gently sucked as he squeezed the other breast with his hand. Sarah let 
out a low murmur of approval. David flicked a nipple with his tongue 
then lightly pinched it between his fingers. He licked it again and 
paused to watch it rise before moving on to the other one. Sarah 
moaned gently and ran her fingers through his hair. David loved it 
when she did that; it always turned him on. He moved lower, trailing 
kisses down her belly. He knelt before her now, his lips poised before 
her most sacred of places. He looked up and their eyes met.
"Yes" she whispered.


Simon was naked and sitting in a pool of jello. He had no idea how or 
why he was in this particular situation, but he was glad that he was. 
Mostly because Felicia had her hand wrapped around his cock and was 
pumping him with long slow strokes. The affect was obvious. He was 
getting hard. Very hard. And all the time Therasa was staring at him 
in the same way that a cat stares at a mouse.
"Okay Therasa, he's ready" Felicia stopped what she was doing and 
Therasa moved over to Simon. She stood up and, placing both hands on 
Simon's shoulders, lowered herself onto his throbbing cock, letting 
out a sigh as it slid slowly in. She leaned forward, pushing her huge 
breasts into Simon's face. Simon took his cue and sucked greedily. 
Therasa started to move up and down on Simon's cock, their movements 
making squelching sounds in the jello. Her dealings with Felicia had 
made her very horny and she came in a matter of minutes. 
"There" she said. "Just had to get that out of my system." She looked 
behind her at Megan and Vince. "I'm ready for you now Vince. Bring 
that nice, hard cock over here."

Vince moved through the jello to Therasa, his erection jutting before 
him like the prow of a ship. He moved up behind her. "What do you want 
me to do with it?" he asked.

"I want you to stick it in my arse big boy" she cooed back.

Vince was a little shocked at this but he always did what he was told. 
Especially when it was a woman doing the telling. He took his cock in 
his hand and guided it into place. He rested the tip at the entrance 
of Therasa's arse. "You ready?" he asked.

"Yes" she moaned.

Vince slid his cock into her arse.


Sarah lay on her back; her legs parted wide as David gave her the 
tongue lashing of her life. She was incredibly wet and David thought 
that he must of drunk a gallon of her juices already. And she was 
still making more. He swirled his tongue around her pussy lips, using 
his fingers to part her so he could get deep inside her. He placed his 
lips over her clit and sucked as he slid two fingers into her soaking 
wet pussy. Sarah arched her back and groaned in ecstasy as she came, 
her hips bucking against David's face. David was exited by her orgasm 
and delved deeper into her, his monstrous erection pressing hard into 
the polished wood floor. Sarah grabbed his hair and pulled his face 
deeper between her legs. David need no encouragement and worked his 
tongue and fingers in deeper and faster. Sarah's juice ran freely down 
his chin as he slurped hungrily, swallowing every drop that he could. 
They were both like hungry animals. They couldn't get enough of each 
other. Sarah moaned as she came a second time.


Therasa was full of cock for the first time in her life. I can die 
happy now she thought. In fact if this gets any better I think I will 
die. She wished she could have a cock in her mouth as well. 
As if reading her mind Felicia stood up, turned her back on Therasa 
and bent over, exposing her pussy to Therasa's lips. 
Therasa did not hesitate. She grabbed Felicia by the hips and thrust 
her face between her legs. Felicia groaned as Therasa's tongue went to 
work. Simon was sucking greedily on Therasa's breasts, his hand 
reaching down to rub her clit as she moved on him. 
It was Vince's thrusts that were causing her movements. He was 
pounding Therasa's arse as hard as he could. The tightness of her arse 
was driving him crazy. And one other thing was affecting him to. With 
every thrust his balls were colliding with Simons'. The sensation was 
incredible. 
Megan moved behind him and wrapped her arms around his waist, pressing 
her breasts against his back. She reached down and grabbed Vince by 
the balls, squeezing them roughly. 
Vince groaned with pleasure. This sensation was even better. He could 
feel his orgasm approaching and thrust harder.
"Oh no you don't honey" whispered Megan into his ear. She grabbed his 
cock tightly, stopping him from ejaculating. Vince felt his cock swell 
even more and thought that it was going to explode. He began to see 
stars.
Felicia came in a rush; Therasa's experienced tongue doing its work on 
her.
Just as she came Simon also orgasmed, shooting thick ropes of cum deep 
into Therasa's pussy. 
Megan relaxed her grip on Vince and he also climaxed, ramming his cum 
deep into Therasa's arse.
This was all too much for Therasa and she screamed as her body was 
racked with the most intense orgasm of her life.
The entire group fell back into the jello, totally exhausted.


David propped himself up on his elbows and gazed down at Sarah as she 
took his cock in her hands. 

"I'm going to make you cum" she said. 

He didn't doubt it for a second. 
She bent forward and kissed him lightly on the tip of his dick as she 
gently stroked him. Her actions were rewarded as his cock swelled and 
hardened in her hands. Sarah trailed her tongue from the tip down to 
the balls where she took each one in turn into her mouth. 
David moaned as she sucked his balls. Oh god she is so good at this he 
thought. 
She continued to suck as she stroked his now huge erection. A small 
drop of pre-cum oozed from the tip and she hungrily licked it off. She 
placed her mouth over the head and started to suck and lick. David was 
in heaven as she started to bob her head up and down. Sarah twisted 
and turned her head as she bobbed and sucked, moving faster and 
faster. 
David knew he was on the brink and tried to warn her, but she kept 
going, moving ever faster. At the last moment she took her head away 
and continued to wank him as he shot cum into the air like a fountain. 
David groaned as he continued to spurt. He collapsed onto his back as 
Sarah lay on top of him; his now rapidly deflating cock pressed 
between them.

"I told you I was going to make you cum" she said. "And I always keep 
my promises."

He kissed her deeply, wrapping his arms around her. "You certainly 
do," he said. "You certainly do."


The jello pool was awash with exhausted bodies. Vince was stoking 
Megan's hair when he noticed that she was upset. "What's wrong?" he 
asked.

"Everyone got to cum except me" she pouted.

"Well we will have to fix that then won't we?" 

He kissed her passionately as the rest of the group moved over to 
them. Therasa and Felicia moved to each side of Megan. They bent in 
unison and started to lick and suck her breasts. Hands moved down her 
body to her thighs and gently parted them. Vince, who had stroked 
himself so that he was now hard again, moved between Megan's now 
parted legs. He guided himself to the entrance of her pussy and slowly 
eased it in. 
"Oh yes!" she groaned as he slid all the way in. 
Therasa and Felicia continued to suck her breasts as their hands 
roamed over her body. Therasa's fingers moved around to Megan's arse 
and gently probed there. Megan let out a little squeal as one of 
Therasa's fingers slid in. She squirmed around, trying to allow 
Therasa better access. Vince continued to pump, slowly at first but 
gradually picking up speed.

"Oh God" moaned Megan. "This so good. But I need more cock."

Vince looked around at Simon who was obviously excited by proceedings, 
judging by the way that he was wanking himself. "Well Simon? You heard 
her. Get your arse over here."

Simon bounded around to the other side of the pool and knelt before 
Megan. 
She grabbed his cock and hungrily gobbled him, taking him in as far as 
he would go.
Vince was thrusting like a madman now. Jello sprayed everywhere every 
time his hips smashed into Megan's. 
Megan grabbed Felicia and Therasa and pressed their faces into her 
breasts. 
Therasa continued to finger Megan's arse as Megan squirmed around on 
her hand.
With a yell Megan came, squeezing her thighs around Vince as her whole 
body vibrated. Vince followed soon after, shooting jets of cum deep 
into Megan's hungry pussy. Simon was not one to be left behind and was 
soon spurting wads of cum all over Megan's face. Therasa and Felicia 
quickly licked every drop of cum from her smiling face.
"God I love jello" breathed Megan as she slumped into the pool.


Sarah moaned out loud as her whole body was raked by another orgasm. 
She had lost count of the number of times she had cum so far. And she 
didn't care either. She just welcomed each time as it happened. At the 
moment she was on all fours, getting hammered from behind by David. 
She was amazed at how quickly he had become hard again. He had said 
that she was the only person who could make him do that but she didn't 
believe him. Whether it was true or not didn't matter right now 
though. Right now she was having the time of her life. He was the best 
lover she had ever had and now she was cuming yet again. This orgasm 
was huge and she was totally out of control. She threw back her head 
and screamed. Her whole body was on fire and she was sure that she 
would be consumed by it. There would be nothing left but ashes. Very 
happy ashes. 
David continued to pound into her, his rhythm gradually increasing. 
Their bodies were covered in sweat and the afternoon sun filtering in 
through the windows of the pool house gave them an ethereal glow, like 
two statues of gold come to life. 
Sarah was panting hard now and she lowered her head till it rested on 
the floor, her cheek against the cold, polished wood. She smiled with 
contentment as her body was pushed back and forth with every stroke 
from David.
She could feel another orgasm coming to claim her when David cried out 
"Oh god I'm cuming"

"No not yet. Just hold on a little more" she pleaded. "I want to cum 
with you"

"Oh god I don't know if I can" he moaned

"Please. Just a little more"

And then it hit her. Like a freight train her climax cannoned into 
her, sweeping her away in a rush of sound and colours. David came with 
her and they became one, joined forever in a never-ending orgasm. They 
collapsed, welded together by their passion.
"That was the most incredible experience of my life Sarah. I wish we 
could stay like this forever."

"I do too David. But we have to get back to the others. They'll start 
thinking there is something going on between us," she said as she 
dropped him a wink.

"Well we can't have that can we" He replied. He took her in his arms 
and kissed her.

"Come on" he said. "Lets go."

They stood and walked hand in hand out into the late afternoon light.

The End




