The next few days blurred together, working long hours, practicing a couple of songs with what was left of his latest band in Paul's garage. Kris kept his distance and was never around Adam much without Katherine. Adam was content to wait, see how it played out, Kris's eyes sliding sideways onto his arms, thighs. He'd had to shake himself a couple of times, watching the fine hairs on Kris's arms in the light from the street lamps on the freeway at night, the curve of his ass under his too-baggy jeans as he leaned into the refrigerator.

Like right now, Kris reaching up to a cupboard, line of his body stretched almost on tiptoes, forearm muscles flexing. It was too easy to imagine him bent over the counter, taking it from Adam, muscles in his back flexing underneath him. Kris had already knocked back a couple of beers, was downing another one now Katherine was finally asleep. He was wearing a white long sleeved shirt, conservative pants, and a loosened tie, leftovers from the paper pushing job he hated so much.

Adam prowled over behind Kris, bracketed his body with his own, hands on the cupboards near Kris's up-stretched arms. "You know what this makes me want to do," he said low, letting his voice go into his deeper register.

Kris froze and shook his head slightly. "Not a good idea," he said shortly.

"But see, I think it is," Adam said, fascinated by the pink creeping up Kris's neck to his ear tips. "You're all uptight, anyone can see it. I know just the thing." He pressed himself up against Kris, just barely touching his thighs, ass, back. "Mmm," he murmured into Kris's ear. "See. You're really tense. I can make it better, you know I can." He laughed, gratified, when he felt Kris relax ever so slightly back into him.

Kris shook his head harder. "Not a good idea. No."

"Do you mean no, as in no, or no as in, ask me nicer," Adam purred, running his hands up Kris's arms, then pressing down on his hands with his own. "Keep these here." Kris shuddered but didn't move, so Adam pressed his advantage, pushing hard once on Kris's hands to emphasize his point, then quickly reaching around to unbutton and unzip Kris's pants. Bingo, he was already more than half-hard, and arched prettily under Adam. "Keep still, I told you," Adam tried experimentally, and Kris did, freezing in place. Interesting.

Adam suddenly wanted it bad, right now, and he fumbled in his pants for the lube packet he'd been carrying, and please, please, yes, a condom. Kris's ass was plump and full, hips curvy, his upper thighs strong and thick, and Adam wanted to lick, wanted to...

He had to focus, this golden opportunity right here in front of him. Lube on his fingers quick, and he didn't waste time, pressed one finger in, Kris so tight, god it was going to almost hurt it was going to be so good. Kris made a stuttering little sound and fell forward more. Acting on instinct, Adam smoothed his other hand up under Kris's shirt, stroking the hot skin of his back. "That's good," he said. "Take it good."

Kris opened a little and Adam went for two fingers, just working him gently open, then not so gently. Three fingers and Kris was making noises, sharp bitten-back sounds. Part of Adam wanted to make him ask, make him beg, but most of him figured that'd be a bad idea, plus he was suddenly desperate for it.

He pulled his fingers out of Kris and unzipped, got the condom on with fingers that were actually shaking, what the actual fuck, and just as Kris was starting to come around, maybe say something to stop this, he pressed in, careful despite everything, because he wasn't an absolute asshole and he figured it'd been a while, or maybe even... "Wait," he managed. "This. It's not your first time for this?" He hoped not, he really did, though he wasn't sure why. Kris shook his head impatiently and that was good enough for Adam; he pressed in more. Kris panted a little and Adam waited it out. "Breathe," he said, remembering how it felt, impossible fullness.

Kris didn't talk, but Adam could tell when he was ready, and this time he took it home, barely biting back a moan as he sank all the way in. Kris was tight and hot and making sounds and--Kris scrabbled his hands on the cupboards and Adam realized--"Here, like this," he said, voice surprisingly throaty, and grabbed Kris's hands from up on the cabinets and put them on the counter in front of them, gently pressing on Kris's back. Kris got it right away, leaning forward on his elbows, which changed the angle just enough they both moaned. Now Adam could lean over Kris, hold his hands down in one of his, bite at his neck and sweet shoulders, pump hard, find the spot. It was so fantastically hot, both of them dressed except for their pants down, fucking in the kitchen like this. Adam was going to come soon, but Kris wasn't nearly desperate enough, even though he was making throaty sounds, head bent, so Adam brought his free hand around, stripped Kris's dick a few times.

Kris was pushing back against Adam now, wanting more. Sometimes Adam was a little intense for people, but Kris seemed to like it, so Adam bit again, this time on the other shoulder. Kris shuddered and Adam licked at his ear. Kris shuddered again. "Just, just do it, just," Kris gasped. It made Adam shake, hearing Kris's voice all broken like that.

"I'm going to, I'm gonna," Adam managed. Kris moaned, a straight-up moan, which went right to Adam's belly, and there it was, white hot curl of his toes in his shoes, goddamn. He pressed down even harder on Kris's hands, probably hard enough to bruise, he hoped it wasn't too--"Oh, god," Kris moaned, spasming under him, flooding his hand, and Adam was coming too, coming hard, flare in his belly, thighs, chest, groaning guttural into the skin of Kris's neck. Aftershocks rocked them both for a minute whenever one of them moved, and Adam felt his muscles unclench slowly, Kris relax underneath him.

Adam sagged against Kris, trying not to put all his weight on him, but his legs felt weak, his arms clumsy. "Baby," he said soft and low into Kris's hair, not thinking, running his hand on instinct up Kris's back, soft, stroking.

"Mmm," Kris said, voice low and soft too, a sexy rumble somehow containing a hint of the South.

Adam kissed his shoulder where he'd bitten him, mouthing it gently; good, no blood, but that was going to bruise up. Kris sighed and relaxed even more. Adam wanted to pull him into his arms, press kisses into the heated skin at his throat, wrap him up tight, keep him safe and--

Shit. The natural reaction that set in when he fucked someone. Well, not always these days, but when--Whatever, this wasn't--

He pulled his hand out from under Kris's shirt, pulled his mouth off Kris's skin, straightened shakily. Kris made a sound and Adam was careful but fast, pulling out and tying off the condom, zipping up. Kris moved too, and was pulling up his pants, back still to Adam, when there was a little sound. "Da-Daddy?"

Oh, shit. They both turned. Katherine was in the doorway in her pink pajamas, stuffed tiger clutched to her chest. She was looking at Kris with big eyes. "Are you okay?"

Kris had somehow managed to zip up, but his shirt was hanging out of his pants. He was flushed, hair sticking up crazy, beads of sweat visible around his hairline. "I--" He stopped, swallowed.

"Of course he's okay, honey," Adam said. "Were you--Why were you worried?"

"I heard sounds like someone crying. Or hurting. Are you hurted, daddy?" She turned and looked at Adam. "Or you?"

Adam shook his head, but before he could answer, Kris shook his head and smiled, though Adam at least could tell it was shaky. "No, sugar, 'course not. Everything's fine. Why don't you run back to bed, and I'll, I'll be there in a second."

She looked them over one more time, then nodded, solemn. "Okay. Maybe a story?" She smiled at Kris through her eyelashes and Kris nodded and smiled back, crooked. "Maybe so."

When she'd gone, Kris turned to Adam and sighed. "Look, it's not all your fault, but nothing like that can happen again. Ever."

"You didn't exactly protest, honey," Adam said, words slipping out fast.

Kris looked him right in the eye, a little red in his cheeks but not looking away. "No, I didn't. Like I said, it's not all your fault."

Weirdly, Adam felt embarrassed, though he had nothing to be embarrassed about.

"Thing is, it's not good for any of us. Not her, not me, and probably not even you, though who knows. It can't happen again."

"But--"

"No." Kris's voice was still soft, but firm. Really firm, laced with a steel Adam hadn't realized he could bring. "I mean it. If you can't get that, we'll find somewhere else, move on. I've been making more money now I'm working more nights, so--"

Adam held up a hand. "No, stop. It's not like I can't keep my hands off you or anything, Jesus. It's fine. It's no big deal at all." He laughed, but it rang hollow in the silent kitchen.

Kris looked at him hard. "Okay, we'll give it a try. But I mean it. I--" he looked down, then back at Adam. "I don't know if I can trust myself one hundred percent, I'm screwed up, so. So I have to trust you a little." He screwed up his face. "Though saying that out loud makes it obvious how crazy that concept is. But help me out, man?"

Adam didn't know what to say. It was flattering, though nothing he didn't deserve, but also a little unnerving, so he just nodded. After Kris left, he stared at the kitchen for a while, wiped down the counter and floor where it needed it. He felt kind of weird. Whatever, it'd all be fine tomorrow.

* * *

Rory dropped him off at home when the club shut down early because of a sting. The cops interviewed all the employees, but let everyone go except Charlie. Adam thought about calling Kris but there was no point; it was easy for Rory to drop him on his way home, something that normally didn't work out because of their shifts.

It was going to be really fucked-up if the place didn't open back up soon, because he was struggling as it was. He hated to think about looking for work again. He was just so tired of it. And frankly, he'd been having a harder and harder time finding jobs; he had a bit of a reputation. It seriously sucked not having money. Even his good friends had stopped sharing pot, and all he had at home to eat was crackers and eggs. He'd been counting on the paycheck he was supposed to get tonight to see him through the next two weeks.

He unlocked the front door and sighed, realizing Kris would be home, but thank fuck, at least it was late enough Katherine would be asleep. Hopefully Kris would be, too.

No such luck; a light was on in the living room, Kris bent over something. A guitar. Wait, the guitar and singing he'd heard drifting out onto the front patio... that was Kris?

Kris hadn't heard Adam come in over the noise, and Adam stood unmoving, shutting the door quietly behind him. Huh. He knew Kris had done a couple of gigs, keeping Katherine late at the sitters, and he'd seen his guitar case, but it just hadn't really occurred to him to think about it much; he'd figured Kris was just another amateur working out his emo pain with half-assed singing. But this--Kris was bent over the guitar, fingers strong and assured, and he was singing, obviously keeping it down because of Katherine in the next room, but singing in that deep purr of a voice, something in C, Adam thought. A nice hook, something Adam had never heard before--he had a perfect memory for songs. Kris's voice had a little catch in it that was nice, and wasn't pitchy, though he could use some training to open his throat better.

Adam closed his eyes and let the sound wrap around him. The song was warm, sweet, something about a guitar, definitely not something he'd heard before. He got a few chills on the chorus; it had probably been too long since he'd listened to anyone decent sing something simple and beautiful. The music in the dives he sang in didn't count. Sometimes at the Upright there was good stuff, but it was usually more over the top. And Kris's voice, it was actually gorgeous, deep and smooth, plus there was something there, something more. Adam couldn't quite figure out what, but there was something--

The music stopped abruptly, just when the chorus was building again. "How long have you been there?" Kris, anger in his voice, not that that was unusual.

"I--Just a couple of minutes. Where'd you find that song? And you're good. You could use a little training to keep everything nice and open, but--"

"Yeah, you know what, as fascinating and helpful as I'm sure this is going to be, I'm heading to bed. It's late." Kris grabbed the guitar and was gone down the hall before Adam could say anything more.

That night Adam found himself trying to piece the tune back together in his head as he lay in bed. Fuck that, he thought, pulling the covers up and closing his eyes. It wasn't that great or anything. He obviously needed to listen to better music again if he was making such a big deal out of something so little.

* * *

Adam figured it out the next night at the Upright, though, what had been there in Kris's song. He was singing "Come Home" when it happened, which, of fucking course. He closed his eyes for a second and remembered Kris, bent half over the guitar, passion written on his face and therefore, in his voice. It was that, the connection to the music, that had gotten to him, had him still thinking about that song.

He remembered singing like that himself, and sometimes he still did, but not often enough. He shook himself, since the pianist was segueing into the buildup where he came in.

Shane had been hinting for a while that maybe Adam might want to move on, though Adam didn't really think they'd have the heart to let him go, since he'd been with The Upright practically from the beginning. Maybe Shane or Carla had noticed how he didn't always bring that any more, how sometimes now, the music just seemed like a job, like notes.

Not tonight: something about the past couple of weeks was shaking things up, and he'd been flashing on memories of Brad. Times he'd really rather not think about, and plus, how pathetic was it that at his age, almost twenty-eight, he'd only had one serious relationship, because even he knew that the other boyfriends didn't count, not to mention all the hookups.

He remembered waiting for Brad, knowing it was getting pathetic and unhealthy, but not being able to help it. He'd never been like it before or since, but with Brad, all he'd wanted was to be near him.

When the music was like this, it carried him away from where he was, the catcalls and murmur of conversation, the blast of cold air from the opening door, the clink of glasses. The music was all there was, gripping him and rising up out of his throat.

It startled him when it was over and there was silence. Total silence. He opened his eyes -- shit, they were a little wet -- and saw the crowd, normally loud, staring, a few people with drinks halfway to their mouths. He felt his neck get warm and coughed, smiled, but he was still in the grip of it and couldn't say anything yet. Something prickled at his consciousness and he looked over towards the door as the silence ended and the crowd started clapping and cheering.

Kris, standing with his mouth open, eyes wide, the ever-present Katherine in his arms.

Adam realized that Kris had never heard him sing before, despite all the rides late at night from various clubs; Adam had already finished every time. He wasn't sure how he felt about Kris hearing him on a night like this, but oh well, there wasn't any actual reason it should be a big deal.

Kris was still standing there, though he'd managed to half-shut his mouth. He looked like he wanted to walk up to Adam and say something, but he didn't. Adam laughed, shaking it off, and Kris rolled his eyes and shook his head, then motioned toward the door. Adam got his stuff and walked out, grinning at the people who were catcalling and yelling his name. Apparently, he was back. Adam fucking Lambert was back.

Halfway home, Kris said, "You didn't tell me you could sing."

"Sure I did. You know that's what I do, how I live."

Kris shook his head. "No. I mean, you can sing. Like," he broke off, then pressed his lips together the way he did when he had something hard to say. "Like, really sing. Like," he turned and looked at Adam when they pulled up to a stoplight, "Like I've never heard anyone sing. Ever. My god, why aren't you, I don't know, on Broadway? Why don't you have a band, a record deal? I've never--" he bit off his words.

Adam was horrified at the warmth he felt at Kris's simple words, and doubly horrified because it felt like his eyes were stinging again. It'd been so long since he'd had any hope of any of that--

"Hey, sorry if I said something wrong," Kris said, voice soft, softer than Adam liked. "It's just, I've never heard anything like that in all my life." Something about his simple statement made Adam sure it was the truth, at least as Kris saw it. "Not that it was easy to admit that, considering what you're like as a person, I'll grant you that..."

There, okay, back on better footing. "You just didn't know how fabulous I really was," Adam said. "Too bad you blew your chance with me." He waggled his eyebrows at Kris and Kris laughed, a real laugh from the belly, which, weirdly, made Adam do the same. This was good, Adam thought. It was actually good they weren't fucking.

"Stop it, you're keeping me wake!" Katherine said from the back, and they both cracked up, trying to muffle their laughter in their sleeves, but only succeeding in making each other laugh more.

Later, after Katherine was in bed, Adam heard the sound of muffled guitar from their room. On impulse, he knocked softly and went in; the door had been left half-open. Kris looked up from the guitar and raised his eyebrows.

"You can play in the living room," Adam whispered. "I mean, maybe you don't want to, but if you do, it doesn't bother me."

Kris looked at him for a moment. "This is fine."

"Okay. But it's fine."

Kris shook his head. "Your voice... I can't sing in front of you, not after that."

"But I liked it, when you did. Sing." Adam felt like an idiot now, and sounded like one, too. "Never mind. Suit yourself." He shut the door quietly behind him.

After that night, though, Kris did play in the living room sometimes, strumming quietly and singing even quieter, but at least he wasn't cooped up in that tiny room all the time.

Adam still couldn't figure out where Kris had found that song, and he didn't recognize a lot of what he heard in the evenings, either. Some of it he did, though. Kris seemed to have eclectic tastes; he'd heard a ton of Beatles and Michael Jackson, but also Kings of Leon and Kelly Clarkson and a Hallelujah that sounded like Wainwright's. A lot of times it took Adam a while to figure out what something was, because Kris had gotten hold of some really different arrangements, stuff that changed old tunes up and made them into something else. And sometimes he didn't recognize the melodies at all.

He stayed out of there when Kris was playing, because if he came anywhere near the living room, Kris would pack it in, and it didn't hurt Adam any, hanging out in the kitchen or his bedroom for a while.

One late night, though, exhausted but too buzzy to hit the bed right away, he heard something familiar. It felt weird, hearing Come Home here. He didn't like it, and didn't like the ideas about him Kris might have gotten from his performance. Kris might think he knew something about Adam, but he didn't know shit.

He sat down on the sofa and stared at Kris until after a while he faltered, then stopped.

"I--sorry, I didn't mean. If it's important to you, that is. I just couldn't help want to play it, it's so beautiful."

"Not important at all," Adam said. "I just wasn't sure I wanted to hear you screw it up."

Kris stared at him and then set the guitar aside, got up. "I won't bother you any more, then."

It didn't feel as satisfying as he'd thought it would when Kris walked quietly away down the hall, his door shutting with a gentle snick behind him.