Don't read this if you are under 18! That's my only warning, so if you
continue, you're either 18 or older, or some horny kid, either way, I
tried! Don't be offended by my material.



















Warning: This story contains explicit sexual content and homosexual and
heterosexual content between teenagers under 18. If the above mentioned
information offends you, then stop now.


Story - Home Improvement 3

Zack gets his own
-------------------

Zack sat down on the bed where Jon had sat, and removed his clothes. He
was eager with anticipation, and his cock was already rock hard. Jon
kneeled in front of Zack, and looked up at him, "Just do what I did to
you." Zack responded to Jon's unasked question. Jon's dick ached from a
few minutes ago, but he could already feel it getting hard again. He
used his renewing horniness to dive full throttle on Zack's cock. 

He sucked it up and down, and ran his tongue over the slit, just like Zack
had done to him. Zack soon started breathing heavy and moaning just like
he had. Jon could feel his cock getting hard again and he couldn't stand it any more, so while he 
sucked Zack's cock, he jerked off with his free hand. Zack was moaning in ecstacy in
seconds, and JTT knew that it wouldn't be long before Zack had his
orgasm. At the same time, Jon was furiously pumping his still wet dick,
and he was pretty close to his second orgasm. He sucked furiously on
Zack's dick, and after a few moments, Zack yelled, "Oh God...I'm
CUMMING!!!" and he spurted stream after stream of hot cum into
Jonathan's mouth while hollering as waves of pleasure washed over Zack's body.


This set off Jon, and Zack's cum dripped out of his mouth as he moaned in pleasure and shook with 
each wave of his second orgasm of the night, and he spurted more of his juice all over the
carpet below him, then collapsed next to the puddle and moaned. Zack was lying back on the bed 
sweating like crazy with his cock still dripping,while Jon was still recovering from his own
orgasm. Zack sat up slowly, and turned his head towards Jon, and smiled
when he saw the puddle on the carpet. "Twice in five minutes...You
have SOME stamina!" Jon smiled at the joke, and said breathlessly, "Great
evening so far! If i don't get some sleep though, I won't have the
energy to get up tommorow for the show taping!" Zack stood up and
started getting dressed again, 

" This doesn't make us gay or anything, does it?" Jon asked " Of course not!" Zack responded, 
"it's only logical that who better to know what makes you feel good then another guy. I'd
be willing to do it again sometime!" Jon looked down at his sticky cock,
and said, "Let me have a chance to recover. After tonight, I don't think
i'll be horny for a while!" Zack got up and said, "You'd be surprised the stamina in a man's body!" then  he left the room, 
leaving Jon cleaning up the carpet and thinking, once more, about Michelle. "I
wonder what would happen if me and Michelle..." He stopped that thought,
and, once the carpet was clean, he put back on his underwear, and went
back to bed, still with the taste of Zachary's cum in his mouth. he
quickly fell asleep, and started dreaming about tommorow...

Coninued in Part 4....

Remember: You CAN catch STD's from oral sex, so always play it safe and
make sure you and your partner are clean before engaging in anything of
sexual nature.




