Dirty Girls
By s19000
Chapter 10

"You're a dirty little girl, aren't you?" said Sara.

"I can't help it, it's just the way I am," said 
Allison "Do you want me? It feels like it." She 
squirmed against the rubber cock inside Sara's jeans.

"Yeah, I want you." Sara reached between Allison's 
legs and felt her pussy through her skirt.

"Mmmm. You like being the boy, don't you?" said 
Allison.

"Yeah, I do."

"Good. I like it, too. Tell me what you're going to do 
to me."

"Here, let me show you instead." Sara pressed her 
mouth to Allison's and fucked it with her tongue. 
"That's what my cock is going to do to your pussy."

Allison wriggled free of Sara's grasp and sat down on 
the bed. She pulled up her skirt and opened her legs, 
exposing her panties. She put a finger on her panties 
and rubbed it up and down. "You're a boy. Do you think 
other boys would want to fuck me?"

"Boys only care about one thing," said Sara. "All they 
want is pussy. They want to shove their cocks into a 
pussy and turn it into a cunt."

"Then shove your cock into me," said Allison. "Turn me 
into a cunt. Fuck me so hard I forget what it's like 
to be a person."

"Fuck," said Sara. "I AM just like Rob." She grabbed 
Allison's panties and pulled them off, making 
Allison's hips bounce on the bed. Then she took off 
her jeans and her boy's underwear, exposing the rubber 
cock. "You want this? Good. I'm going to fuck it all 
the way up inside you."

"It's so big it will move my insides around," said 
Allison. "I want you to do it."

Sara climbed over Allison's body and put the head of 
the cock against Allison's pussy. "You really want it, 
don't you?"

"God, yes! I want it to stretch me. I want it so far 
inside me it can't go any deeper. I want to be a cunt. 
Put it in me."

"Like this?" Sara pressed in against Allison, and the 
head of the cock slipped between Allison's pussy lips.

Allison spread her legs. "I can feel it going in. Do 
it more."

"I think it's too big."

"It's not. Push it in."

"But it'll stretch you all out of shape," said Sara. 
"Your pussy might never go back to the way it is now. 
You might walk around school with a stretched out cunt 
between your legs."

"Yes! Push it in now!"

"Don't you have to get undressed for gym class? What 
will you tell our friends at school when they see your 
stretched out cunt?"

"I'll tell them that's the way I want it. Come on, put 
it in."

"And what about boys? Our friends won't keep quiet. 
All the boys will know you've got a stretched cunt. 
None of them will want to fuck you, because they'll 
know your cunt is too big to feel good on their 
cocks."

"Oh, god!" Allison writhed on the bed. "You'll make me 
cum just by talking." She put her feet flat on the bed 
and jammed her pussy up on the cock. "Ah! It's in! I 
can feel it stretching me." She looked down and saw 
the shaft of the cock still sticking out of her body. 
"There's still more," she said. She grabbed Sara's 
hips and pulled down, jamming the cock all the way in. 
"Aaaaah!"

"You took it all!" said Sara. "I didn't think you 
could!"

"I can feel it bending around inside me," gasped 
Allison. "Like it's folding up so it will fit."

"Should I pull out?"

Allison held their hips together, keeping the huge 
cock inside her. "No! Let me fuck it." She moved her 
hips around in a circle. "I can feel it moving inside 
me. It's pushing against my insides. Lift up, I want 
to see."

Sara bent back, raising herself away from Allison's 
body. "I can see it!" said Sara.

"I see it, too! It's pressing out against my skin. Oh, 
fuck, it's great!" Allison moved her hips, and the 
bulge of the cock moved around under her skin.

"Fuck!" said Sara. "You're the dirtiest person I know, 
to want to be fucked like this! Keep moving. I can see 
it sliding around inside you. You're making me cum 
right now! Oh fuck!"

Sara collapsed onto Allison. "God," she said. "I can 
feel it pressing against my stomach!"

"This is so hot," said Allison. "I love having this 
cock inside me. And I love the way you're laying on 
top of me. It's like you can fuck me as much as you 
want, and I can't get away. Do it now. Fuck me."

Sara pumped her hips, and the giant cock squished in 
and out of Allison.

"Harder," said Allison. "Bang me!"

Sara fucked harder. With each stroke, she could feel 
the end of the cock hitting the back of Allison's 
cunt.

Allison locked her arms and legs around Sara. "Yes," 
she said. "Yes. This is what I'm for. Fuck me! Keep it 
up. Keep... Aaaah!" Her head thrashed from side to side 
and her body shook as she came.

The girls lay still, with Sara on top and the cock 
inside Allison. Sara pressed her open mouth against 
Allison's, and their tongues pushed back and forth. 
Drool ran down the side of Allison's face and made a 
wet spot on the sheet. After a few minutes, Sara 
lifted herself up and began sliding the cock out of 
Allison.
"Wait," said Allison. "I want to see what I look like 
when you pull the cock out of me."
 
 
 
 
