The 'gate was in an enclosed stone room, and it felt to Daniel like a door had slammed behind them when the 'gate disengaged. "You know, they're burying the 'gate as we speak," he said.

"I know," Vala said, turning on her flashlight and grinning at Daniel. "We're on our own. Exciting, isn't it?"

"Not my idea of excitement," Sam said, clicking on her own flashlight. Daniel rolled his eyes and did the same. "Why are we here again?"

"I…left some things here, the last time I was…suddenly in need of a rapid exit," Vala said, going over to one of the walls and examining it. "Between the spare supplies from your stuff and what I've got stashed away, we should be able to build you a small fleet."

"We won't need a small fleet," Sam said.

"Ah, here we are," Vala said, and a door slid open. She turned to look at Sam. "But wouldn't a fleet be fun?"

Sam ignored her and stepped forward, shining her light into the revealed corridor. "Where are we?"

"Under an abandoned city," Vala said. "Destroyed when the inhabitants refused to worship Qetesh. Before my time," she said before Daniel could express his outrage. "I just knew about it because she knew about it. After she was…removed, I knew no one else alive would know about it, so I used it. Everything should still be here." She pushed past Sam and stepped forward, immediately turning a corner. Daniel hurried forward before they lost her light.

"What's here, then?" Sam asked, on Daniel's heels. "Gold? Naquada? Weapons?"

"Yes," Vala said, and Daniel could see her grin in the light. "Some food, too, preserved stuff. We'll take just enough to make sure we can buy a ship and then we can come back for the rest later. Consider it my contribution to your most noble cause."

The corridor opened into another room, this one filled with neat stacks of boxes and jars of various sizes and shapes. Slightly more organized than your average treasure trove, Daniel noticed. Vala went over to a pile of boxes and started to move them. "Daniel, I need this one at the bottom. Sam, go take a look and make sure the rings still work. They should."

Sam went over to the panel on the wall, and soon she had the lights on. Daniel turned off his flashlight and tucked it back into his pack before helping Vala move boxes. Finally, they had the one she wanted, and she dumped it in Daniel's arms. "What's in here?" he asked.

"Something that will buy us a cargo ship," Vala said. "It won't be the nicest one in the place, but it'll be enough to afford something that'll fly. Sam, rings?"

"Perfect working order."

"Then let's get going." Vala grinned. "I know the perfect place."
*
"Vala Mal Doran, you fickle, ungrateful wench," Germanicus said when she walked into the shop. "How are you?"

"Germanicus, you lying, thieving bastard, I see you still haven't learned to wash." Vala was almost surprised at how easy it was to slip back into the old rhythms of the person she used to be. She glanced at Daniel and Sam, who were doing rather poor impressions of brigands. She should have brought Muscles; at least he was big and scary enough to intimidate people.

Germanicus guffawed, broad shoulders bouncing. "You haven't changed a bit, have you?" Vala forced her grin to remain in place. "What can I do for you? And who are your friends?"

"They're new," Vala said. "From a little backwater planet, I'm sure you've never heard of it. But they wanted to get started in the business, and I told them I'd give them a hand, in exchange for a cut of the profits. And," she added, "I promised they wouldn't get cheated too badly."

Germanicus laughed again. "You know I don't cheat friends," he said.

"I know nothing of the sort. You," Vala said, turning to Sam, "pick out a ship." Sam nodded and set off into the hanger.

"Ah-ah-ah," Germanicus said, waggling one finger. "Payment first. Coin or barter, your preference."

Vala nodded to Daniel, who brought forward the metal box and opened it on top of a grungy workbench. "I know your ships are junkers, but we'll make do. She'll pick us out something and you can have these." Vala smiled as Germanicus lifted one of the devices inside the box. "Zat guns, four of them, fully functional." Germanicus primed the weapon and smiled. "Not much use for a simple mechanic, I know, but quite valuable on the open market. And I'll give you the box, which would be very useful for securing items for transport."

Germanicus put the zat back down and closed the box. "I don't know, Vala, times are tough," he said. "But that helper of yours would be very valuable in certain circles." He looked Daniel up and down with what could only be described as a leer. "Keep your zats. Give me him and you can have the best ship in my shop."

Vala glanced at Daniel, and she knew she was going to have quite a laugh at his expense later. "You know I find flesh trading…distasteful," she said, after letting Daniel seethe for a moment; she was amazed he was actually following her recommendation to let her do the talking. She pretended to think for a minute and then took the sparkly clip from her hair, every movement aimed at making Germanicus believe it would be hard to part with. "Fine, since we are such good friends," she said, placing the clip on top of the box. "An ornament made of rare gems from a far-away planet. My final offer."

Germanicus tapped his chin, and Vala held her breath.

"Deal," he said, holding out his hand for Vala to shake. She took it, ignoring the grime and engine grease, and shook it firmly. As she pulled back, Sam appeared from between the ships.

"Find something you like?" she asked. Sam nodded.

"The cargo ship with the red door," Sam said. Vala looked to Germanicus, and he nodded. "It'll need some work when we get home, but it'll fly."

"Since we're such good friends," Germanicus said, and Vala glanced quickly at him. "I'll throw in an extra set of engine crystals for your pretty friend." Sam bared her teeth at him but didn't argue.

Five minutes later, they were settled at the controls of their new ship, a sack containing the replacement crystals sitting in Sam's lap. "That clip was plastic," Daniel said as Vala adjusted the proper controls and the ship rose through the hangar's retractable roof.

"Yes," Vala said with an easy, feral smile. "But he didn't know that."