Title: Taking Care Of The Boys - Chapter 4
Author: Tony Tiger <tonytigerxxx@yahoo.com>
Summary: Housemistresses keep all the family men happy. Judi  enters the Group Summer vacation cums up (sharing, incest)
*****************************************************************

Bill, Rita's youngest brother had been dating Judi, a sixteen year old, five foot, slim B cup, ponytailed blond for about three months. She had been banging several boyfriends for about a year since she started contraception. Sex was enjoyable enough that she put out to keep them interested but when a real cocksman began plowing her furrow she had a true erotic awakening. After two months of quality fucking with Bill, it took little persuasion to open her legs for his older brother as well. She was still a bit shy about her newly developing sensuality so she did them separately though often sequentially. She gave up her poor performers so the brothers could do her bareback since she loved cum injections. After she got more familiar with the similar yet distinctly different pleasures of her two lovers, she accepted their suggestion for a threesome. That was another revelation. The multiple stimulations that four hands, two mouths and two cocks could provide made her feel like a sex goddess and slut combined. It was wonderful and she asked for it often. Most of her inhibitions fell away. The brothers privately marvelled at the little sex dynamo they had and compared her to Rita.  

When the summer vacation at the beach began to be discussed, Bill wanted to include Judi. A family council was called. Myra was concerned with her youth so it was decided that she could room with the boys and have sex only with them unless she chose otherwise.  Myra and the boys didn't have a nude household and there would be a lot going on that she had never been exposed to. Rita volunteered to have a frank talk with her about the style of the vacation so there would be no surprises and to see if she would be ok with it. Ritaexplained to the youngster that The Group vacations were safe and easy opportunities to explore sex in new ways since, for the brief period, there were few responsibilities and many other partners were readily available. She herself had fucked all of the men and hoped to do so again. Couples expected that their partners would enjoy the others but often chose to end up in their own bed to sleep. The only real boundary was that all participation was voluntary. Judi needed a little time to digest this, of course, and questioned her young lovers as well. She was extremely curious, and horny, and reassured that whatever she wanted to do or not was perfectly ok. It was a bit of a shock to find out how much family sex, immediate and extended, her two lovers had done but, now that she had experienced a bit of sharing, the beginnings of understanding were developing. Her crotch tingled whenever she thought about the vacation so she got up the courage to go.  

The big day arrived and carloads of excited adults hit the road. The Group was even bigger this year. The new additions were Rita's youngest brother who had missed last year, Leti, and Judi. Space in the big house was getting tighter so it was good that they all liked being close. Roomates were much like last time except that Bill and his older brother Bob and Judi would share a room with a king bed. Judi had rarely spent the night with any man and now would have two!

As soon as the cars were unloaded, off came the clothes and everyone headed for the beach. Well, almost everyone. Judi was already overwhelmed being among a bunch of people that she only knew a bit, or not at all, who got naked and walked around with parts jiggling and swinging! It was a beautiful warm day and folks who hadn't seen each other for awhile were grouping up to visit or swim or go back in the dunes and screw. 

Judi put on her small bikini and ventured to the beach. Bill noticed her arrival and took her hand to walk around with her. He hadn't been there before either. They waded in the ocean and walked along the shore. There was a trail up into the dunes that looked interesting so they followed it. When they were out of view of the others Bill asked Judi to take off her suit. This seemed private so she did and it felt so good. They walked a little further and heard soft noises just off the trail. Following the sound they came upon Myra laying on a blanket with her legs wrapped around the pumping hips of Bill's older brother. Judi gasped and clutched Bill as her eyes grew wide. She had never seen live sex before and who it was shocked her. After a few moments viewing and hearing mother and son enjoying each other she turned and ran down the path. Bill finally caught her and sat her down on the towel he brought. Judi was breathing hard, more from what she had witnessed than from the running. She turned to him and grabbed his erection, asking, "Has this been in your mother too?" "Yes, and Rita was my first." Judi lay back, pulled him inside her, and wordlessly fucked him wildly. Bill pushed hard into her and held there as he asked, "Would you fuck your father?" The feelings she had when hearing her parents screwing made her answer, "I...I...don't know." Bill laughed softly and said, "If you stay around us I'd bet you would!"

Later she looked at Bill and said, "I guess you brought me along to open my mind as well as my legs.' Bill replied smiling, "Yes, but I didn't expect your first exposure to be THAT dramatic." Judi continued, "Your mom is rooming with Rob...does he know?" "Of course, everyone here has fucked everyone else before and probably wants to do it again." "Do you expect me to go fuck all the other men?" "I don't EXPECT anything. You do who, what, and when you want to. We believe that a woman is the only one who owns her pussy and even husbands have no right to decide who visits it. The only thing I would like is to hear about any adventures you had when we get in bed tonight. By the way, when our bedroom door is open then it is available for any of us to use...and please put down a towel to keep the bedding dry!" As they walked back to the house Judi thought that she would find Nate, Rob's son, who was the closest to her own age. She was a bit intimidated by the older men.

Nate was very pleased to be approached by the pretty young blond who was now staying naked. After dinner they took a walk down the beach to a private place. The setting was quite romantic and both had been laid earlier in the day so they had long and delicious foreplay before joining crotches. Even then they changed positions several times, prolonging the pleasure before their first orgasms together. After a short cuddle they went another round. Judi felt a bit wicked as the cum ran down her legs on their walk back to the house. She was self conscious at first but soon noticed that all the nude bodies showed signs of recent lovemaking. Rob saw them come in and gave her a hug, his semihard cock pressing against her, saying, "I'm glad you got acquainted with my son...he likes having someone closer to his own age here." Rob's cock seemed awfully thick compared to his son's and the brothers. What would that feel like, she wondered. Her eyes wandered and flitted over all the displayed bodies in the big sunporch. This nudity was fun but distracting. 

She saw Myra sitting close to an older man she didn't know, fondling his cock, her furry pussy quite visible. The image of that cunt being penetrated leapt into her mind. Bill's older brother saw her looking and called her over. He put his arm around her and stroked her breast saying, "Bill told me you saw us this afternoon. I hope you weren't too shocked that we are a loving family. It's pretty special to go back to where you were born from." Judi replied, "I've thought a little bit about sex with my father...several of the men here are his age so if I do them it might be like incest." It was getting late so he took her to their room and had gentle sex with her. When they had both finished they realized that Bill had quietly joined them. Judi had now been watched during sex. Bill slid into her freshly fucked cunt and soon brought them both to orgasm as his brother watched. They snuggled together to sleep.

The next morning she awoke feeling much better about being adventurous. She peed with the door open and when the boys came in for their turns she held their morning wood down over the sink for them. The toilet was just too far to bend those rigid rods. They went back to bed for a quick 3some. At breakfast she was seated next to Anna's husband Richard who, in his early fifties, was the oldest man there. He invited the youngster to go shelling on the beach. They packed snacks and had fun applying sunscreen to each other. He asked her to be extra thorough with his cock and she was a bit surprised that an "old man" could get hard so easily. They set off for a nearby cove where shells washed ashore relatively undamaged. Judi knew that Anna had been the first housemistress and was the only married one so she had questions for Richard. She had talked a bit with Rita about sharing partners and getting the male viewpoint really added to that. He and Anna had been virgins at their wedding and were now married for 25 years. They had always been curious about sex with others but not brave enough to try it. Thomas' offer had been the subject of intense discussion and emotion but they trusted each other's love enough to try it. And they were glad they did. Their own sex life had improved in frequency and quality from Anna's fucking and then he got to experience Rita and now the other women. He had learned that intercourse did not define their relationship but was something that could be shared with others like a meal or other pleasurable experience. Much like a meal, when it was over it was on to the next one when the need arose. When Judi had to pee she just squatted down so he could watch and when Richard needed to go she asked to aim it. Her hand on his cock made it firmer and she knelt down and sucked it clean when he finished. That got it real hard so they spread out the towels and lay next to each other. After some eager exploring of each other with hands and lips, Judi rolled her companion on his back and engulfed his mature cock with her young cunt. She did briefly think of her father as she enjoyed this older married man thrusting and ejaculating in her pussy. They rinsed in the ocean and collected some beautiful shells before heading back for lunch. Judi was uncharacteristically quiet on the way back but gave her new lover a very warm kiss amd cock squeeze when they parted.

After lunch Judi retreated to a beach shelter with a book. Her teenage pussy was ready for more banging but her mind had a lot to process. The twins saw her there and invited her to their room but she said maybe later. At dinner she sat with Nate and asked him to go to the dunes with her again. As they walked they each related their sexual episondes so far that day. Nate told of Rita's piss party when he got to pee on her pussy and then fuck it along with several other men. He really enjoyed it when she hit his erection with her hot stream and wanted Judi to do that to him sometime. Judi told of her rather milder experiences with Anna's husband that morning. Nate was pleased, reminding Judi that he fucked his housemistress Anna frequently so he know how good older lovers could be. When they got to their private place, they started with a youthfully brief fuck then Nate sat back on his legs while Judi laid back on her elbows with legs wide spread. She sprayed his cock, balls, and belly with a strong yellow stream. He soaked her puss in return then they had a fuck while still wet with piss. She was developing a real friendship with Nate. He was her age and, like her, on the small side physically. They had some school classes together plus a few common interests besides sex. His cock was the smallest of her current lovers but it got hard quickly, stayed hard for a long time thanks to Anna's training, and he spurted an amazing amount of semen. 

After showering Judi went to her room where her boyfriend was waiting on the bed. "I have hardly seen you all day," he said, "I hope that means you are having fun!" She climbed in top of him in bed, rubbing her pussy slit on his cock. "Is there anything left for your girlfriend?" "If you tell me what that hot pussy has been doing it will greatly increase my interest. Tell me about the cocks that have penetrated you today. Tell me about the cum that I'm going to be sliding in." She did and it did. He squirted his last cum of the day hearing how she had banged the oldest and the youngest members of The Group. During the rest of the vacation she managed to get a twat full from Rob's big pecker. That was enough for a first outing. While she loved Bill the most, those other guys could do some fun things to her body. Older men were a LOT sexier than she had realized. Sex sure was fun with the right partners. And she joined Rita in one of her piss parties at the beach. She made sure to hit Nate's erection...her aim was improving with the practicing she did every day. Nate got them both big bottles of water and they went back in the dunes for their own private party.  

Going home she marvelled at the transformation of her life. Just few months ago she thought sex was a messy and kind of boring exercise to keep boyfriends happy. Now she had a daily (or more often) need for the intense physical, emotional, and hormonal satisfaction that joining with a trusted partner provided. It wasn't just the hardness pounding in her cunt or the hot blasts of semen, it was the stimulation of all her erogenous zones and the giving of pleasures to her partner. She enjoyed the loving coupling with Bill as well as the fun fucking with the others.

The rest of the summer was spent working a partime job at a local store, doing things with Bill, and screwing her new circle of male friends. After the eye opening vacation she was a lot more comfortable having spontaneous or arranged sex with or without Bill's participation. She alwys filled him in when he next "filled" her. He was still fucking his mom several nights a week, sometimes together with his brother or uncle. Myra had enjoyed rooming with Rob during family vacations so they would date and screw a few times a month. Towards the end of the summer Leti was getting pretty big. It had been discovered that she was having twin boys. There was betting on if they were identical or fraternal and about who the biological father, or fathers if fraternal, would turn out to be. She was having a harder time handling the housework and sexwork. Rita had been helping but was working halftime in addition ot school. Judi was asked to help. She agreed to the housework part but was uncomfortable with the sex part since she hadn't fucked any of the four men in that household. Anna said she would happily take care of that "duty". After a few weeks of hearing and seeing the fun that Anna was having, Judi decided to take the twins up on their vacation offer of a threeesome. They were not too much older than her so that felt better...and did it ever! Having lots of practice as a team, they gave the little sixteen year old the ride of her life. She was fucked senseless. The twins had to drive her home since she couldn't walk. She did them singly after that although reserved the right to ask for their special treatment again sometime.   

When school started Bill had late college classes so she mostly saw him on weekends. They would usually spend Friday night through Sunday mornings together at his house or hers. They dated like any other couple. Weekdays were different. Her parents both worked late so she had a couple of hours between school and dinner. She got pretty horny by the end of the school day so several days a week she went to Nate's house where they would screw and study. Little Nate had become a real "stud". She would never forget one time walking into his bedroom when he was on top of Anna, humping away. She lay down beside them watching and as soon as he climaxed he pulled out of Anna and plunged all the way into her. He fucked her vigorously for another 15 minutes and shot a big cum load into her too. He was very inquisitive and imaginative which matched Judi very well. They were becoming true "friends with benefits", able to try things together that other partners might not be interested in, like watersports. Other weekdays she would stop by Bill's house and have sex with Bill's brother. Once in a while she would get a quicky from Bob on the way to Nate's house to treat him to sloppy seconds.
