Reluctant and Embarassing True Stories

Okay, this is going back to the days when I was less liberated. I had just started working for my current boss and wanting to change my life and keep my new job so I did exactly what my boss told me.
It was my first time out with Jon (boss) wearing only a short dress and shoes. I was conviced that everyone who looked at me knew what I wasn’t wearing. My face was flushed from theminute I got out of the car. It was only supposed to be a short trip but as we were walking back to the car Jon pulled me into a little dress shop. He picked a dress for me to try on and I went into a cubicle. The dress was too small so I asked Jon to get me the next size. Jon opened the curtain to get the dress to swap. I was stood there naked as Jon took the dress, and the one that I was wearing and walked out leaving the curtain open. I had been shielded from any prying eyes by Jon, but as he left I was totals exposed to anyone who may have been looking, and someone was looking. This man in his 30s was staring straight at me. He could see eveything. His eyes were glued to my bald pussy. This was the first stranger that I had been naked in front of.  The dress shop didn’t need central heating, my face was doing the job for them. 
I grabbed the curtain and shut it quick, cursing Jon.  Unfortunately my embarrassment didn’t end there. Jon didn’t bring the next size dress back, instead he asked one of the shop assistants to take it for him. I was stood there waiting, facing the curtain when suddenly it opened. 
I was expecting Jon so my arms were down my sides. Instead this young shop assistant stood there just as shocked as I was. And to make it worse there were 2 men stood behind her. The shock that we both had seemed to last for hours but in reality it was only 2 or 3 seconds. The shop assistant recovered first and quickly closed the curtain. lots of apologies later I tried on the dress but didn’t like it. When Jon finally came back I quickly put my own dress back on and we left.

If I become a member I will write about some of the many other embarrasing moment that I have had since I started living a more liberated life.

Love Vanessa




This happened earlier this year during the hot spell in June. One afternoon we had a couple of friends round and we had had a  couple of drinks when we decided to have a barbeque. We asked two other couples who live very close if they wanted to come round for a drink and barbe. So by about 4 oclock we had 4 couples in our back garden. Two of the wives had bikinis on and me and the other wife had summer clothes. I had a small top and shorts. My hubby Tony told me that I should change into a bikini as well so I went indoors with Paula who asked if she could borrow one of my bikinis. She is nearly same size as me. She was trying on one of my bikinis when we heard her hubby coming upstairs to use the bathroom. The bedroom door was nearly closed and when he came out of the bathroom he shouted to ask if we were OK.  Paula said we were but instead of going downstairs he popped his head round the door. I was only wearing bikini bottoms and couldn’t cover my boobs with my hands because I was fastening Paula’s bikini top. He had a good look at me and then left. 

 

A few minutes later we went downstairs to the garden both wearing bikinis but as soon as we were in the garden the hubbys started talking bout my boobs and Paula’s husband Mike said that he had seen me topless upstairs and that I looked better without the top. Tony said he agreed and that I went topless when we are abroad so I should go topless on a sunny day in the garden. I said I didn’t want to and thought that was that. But when I was bringing some food out from the kitchen for the barbe about half an hour or so later I had my hands full and Mike came walking towards me and I thought he was going to help with the food but instead he pulled the tie at the front of the bikini top. The bikini fell open and my boobs and nipples were on show for everyone to see and I couldn’t do anything because I was holding and balancing three plates with food for the barbe. Everyone started cheering me and I went red with embarrassment. When I put the food down I started to do up the top but everyone – even the other wives – said that I might as well leave it off as everyone had seen my tits now. I was very embarrassed and Paula and Josie came to me to give me a big hug to make sure I wasn’t really upset.

 

What I didn’t notice was that when they were giving me this hug they had both gently pulled at the ties at the side of my bikini bottoms and as they stopped hugging me they each held onto one of my arms and held my arms outstretched to the side. I thought they were doing this so the hubbys would all get a good look at my boobs but then I suddenly realised that my bottoms were undone and starting to fall. As I tried to squeeze my legs together the front triangle fell forward showing my neatly trimmed thatch. I was really embarrassed now and Tony stepped forward and pulled the bottoms away altogether and then threw them into the tree in the garden so I couldn’t reach them. Instead of getting upset I decided to pay along and so I did a twirl for everyone to see me completely naked. Josie then undid her top and I felt much better even though the guys kept on staring at me and talking about me and discussing how I was partially shaved and trimmed. I even moved my legs wide apart at one stage so they could see that my cunt lips were fully shaved. We were all having a good time and I was soon enjoying it again and I stayed naked when we started eating balancing my plate and my glass. Someone had turned the hifi up a bit and just as I was taking a bite out of a burger I saw that our next door neighbour was striding up the garden towards us. He is recently retired and even when we have any music on quietly in the garden often comes round to complain about the noise.  So when I saw him I knew he was gonna complain coz the music was loud. When he saw that I was naked and couldn’t cover myself he just stopped in his tracks with his mouth open. Tony then very sarcastically said it was nice of him to pop round and would he like a burger. He mumbled a yes and then we spent the next 15 minutes with him gawping at me before he quietly left. And then I quickly went indoors and put another bikini on. This one didn’t have tie sides.






So you would like a story.  When I was in university we used to hand around drink and generally have fun.  There was a floor party going on on the floor below us.  We were sitting around drinking and joking about different things.  One of my so called friends decided it would be funny to crash the party.  She thought we should take our cloths off and run into the party.  I said no way that it was too much.  They kept prodding me saying I was a party pooper.  She than said I have a better idea lets strip Brenda and throw her in the party.  SO they all jumped on me and wrestled me to the ground.  With great difficulty and me wriggling around they managed to get me naked.  They than carried me down the stairs to the party.  The party was located in their lounge.  There was about ten of us so they had to problem restraining me and dragging me down the stairs.  When we got to the door they opened it and threw me in and slammed the door shut and jammed it closed.  There I was in a room full of people naked trying to open a door.  Everyone was laughing thinking it was a great joke.  No one offerd a coat or even a cloth for me to cover up.  After about a half hour of me screaming someone finaly unjammed the door.  Now I still had to run home naked.  That story is for anpother time.






This is one of a few instances where I was embarassed my being naked but its the top of them all.
 
When I was 16 I went camping with a group of classmates, male & female. Far from our camp site, was a large pond we used to swim in. We chose that one because it was far from where people usually camp. I was dared one evening to go swim naked. After much debate I took off my clothes, did a quick 360 for everyone than jumped in to swim around. When I forgot about them they stole my clothes, towel, everything. There was not one possession left on the ground for me. I got out of the water and had to make my way back through the woods stark naked. about halfway back to the campsite I ran across 2 guys hiking. I tried covering myself and jumped behind a bush but they got a good view. I yelled out what happened and that I was still a way off from the campsite and asked if they had something i could put on. they said sure but they took off leaving me standing there stupidly. I felt humiliated. when I got back to my classmates they prevented me from getting in the tents. instead my clothes had put up in a tree. i was forced to climb the tree to get my clothes giving the males a VERY good view of my ass and genitals. I later found out the whole stunt was devised by my school enemy who didn't go on the trip. she paid one of the guys who did to suggest it and make sure it got carried out. little did i know he also took pictures that got posted around school.
 
Mandy






My story is very simple. At school we were doing a production of Alice In Wonderland. I was one of the extras dressed as a playing card. The costume was basically a sheet that went over my head , with the 3 of hearts on it. the only other part of the costume was knee length white socks and plimsoles. I was a bit bigger than the others. I did not realise it but my pants showed very clearly.
 
Well on the night of the final production I had been drinking to much coke or something, and needed to pee. But I got to the toilet a bit late, leaving a big wet patch. I had to go on stage to do my part in wet knickers that eveyone could see. I still curl up with embaressment thinking about it now, especially as my class mates made sure I did not forget it for a long time






My first real embarrassment in showing my body came
during my senior year in college.  My boyfriend at the
time and I took a hike in a nature reserve.  It was in
the middle of the week and no one was around.  When we
were way deep into the reserve, my boyfriend produced
a camera and suggested that we take some naturalist
pictures.  Unlike me, he has no problem losing his
clothes and walking around naked.  Well, after I took
several pictures of him naked, he persuaded me to take
off my top and bra for some topless pictures.  He
likes my breasts which are a little on the large side
in relation to my petite frame.  About 30 minutes
later and a great deal more of persuasion, I found
myself completely naked and following the photographer
directions of my boyfriend.  Though there weren’t any
spread eagle pictures, several showed me off
completely both from the front and back.  The pictures
taken were in color and on film; digital cameras were
not around then.  At the time, I didn’t think much on
how they would be developed.  My boyfriend, who was in
the science department, could developed film and make
prints.  Unfortunately, he could only develop black
and white film.  Being somewhat of an exhibitionist,
he simply dropped the film off at one of the those
small film shacks found in the middle of parking lots.
 When the prints were supposed to be finished, my
boyfriend had to run an experiment, so I had to pick
them up.  I  wanted to secure these embarrassing
pictures as soon as possible.  When I arrived at the
photo shack, it was manned only by a young guy,
probably a junior or senior in high school.  Instead
of just ringing up the price and giving me the
envelope he started to flirt with me.  Though this was
apparently a summer job, he acted like some kind of
photo expert.  Just then, he opened up the envelope
and took out the pictures!!!  He wanted to make sure
the prints were ok.  I instantly turned red as he
started flipping through the pictures.  I didn’t know
why I didn’t stop him.  I am quite shy around
strangers.  He looked at each picture, stopping longer
on the pictures of me than of my boyfriend.  After he
recovered from his initial shock, he became quite
talkative, acting as if this was a normal interaction.
 He asked where the pictures were taken and with what
kind of equipment.  The equipment was a cheap
instamatic!  I couldn’t believe it!!  I was having a
discussion with a teenage kid over pictures of me
naked!!!  My face was red, I could feel the heat.  My
whole body was tingly.  It seemed like an hour, but
probably less than 10 minutes.  My heart was really
beating when I walked away from the photo shack.  It
took me a couple of minutes before I could drive away.
 When I told my boyfriend about it, he thought it was
great and made me repeat the story.  It fired him up
and we had amazing sex that night.  From then on, he
tried to get me to go braless on our out-of-town
trips, especially on cold days and get me to purchase
stuff if there was a teenage guy at the counter. 
Those trips are other stories.






My friends and I were at the same local bar, and were located in the back having a good time, and drinking pretty healthily.
      There were three guys and two girls with us, and soon the drinking evolved into game drinking.  The bar was pretty slow that night.  
      We were playing Quarters, and with three in a row, some rules began to be made. 
      We worked our way through the first ordinary rules, and one of my friends, who was recently divorced and very horny, wanted to see some skin.
      His new rule was for every shot he takes he gets to see the girls bras. Plop.  Right in the glass.
      Kathy laughed nervously, as well did her friend.  They cheated out by showing a bra strap, and said he never made it specifically known what part.
      He agreed, and said just wait.   The quarter was passed around the table a couple more times, and plop, plop, plop, he made three in a row again.
      This time he was more clear, he wanted to see some breasts behind some cloth.
     Even though the beer was freely flowing, you could still sense the humiliation and nervousness.   Kathy unbuttoned her shirt, keeping it closed to the last second, and her friend just lifted it up. Both exposing their bras, for a brief moment.
      Mind you, this was an open bar, they were saying how we were going to get thrown out, and how we shouldn’t be doing this.
      At this point, none of the guys really cared.
      The next up, plop plop plop….Quick…by other friend said “let’s see ‘em”
      They were mortified.  They said there was no way she (Kathy) was going to do this in an open bar, she didn’t want to get arrested.
      “Fine, Two shots of jaeger then, each!”
      He knew considering how much they had drunk, this may put them over the edge.
      They downed the drinks quickly, and Kathy’s friend said she was done, she couldn’t go any further.
      They asked for the bill.  We thought the night was over.  We still had a long walk back to the complex, especially for someone who is drunk.
       Have way home, Kathy asked if it would be okay if she flashed the guys for being good sports.  I am never one to say no in this circumstance, she turned around and said “hey!” lifting up her shirt.  She then proceeded to run away towards the woods.
       She quickly emerged with only her shoes and socks on, and running down the street towards us.  The street was never busy, but occasionally a car would come along and light up the road.  It just happened that this as one of those nights.  She quickly took cover behind a trash bin, and was out of sight. After the car went by, she was off running again like a mad woman.  
       She then disappeared in the woods again.  Only to emerge when we got up to her, covering her breasts with one hand, and her bush with the other.
       “I can’t find my clothes”
        We all laughed and one of my friends said, “give us a show and we will help you find them”
         She dropped her hands quickly, held up her arms in a big pose, and then covered herself again.
   “Satisfied?”
    “Yep” he said with a big grin.   And we proceeded to go in the woods.  
     I don’t know if they really tried to look for them or not, but the woods was too thick and it was too dark to see anything.
     She was now about ready to cry, and my friends and her friend was getting tired, and went inside.  I told them to bring out some clothes for her.  They never returned.
     By now it was getting to be too much and she was really getting nervous, her lisence and credit card were in her pants.  I told her I will set the alarm clock and I will come out in the morning and find them before anyone else is awake.
      Now she was concerned about going inside.  It was about two, so no one was awake anymore, so we just went for it.
      We had to buzz the door, since I gave them my keys to get in.  I buzzed once, no answer, buzzed twice, no answer, buzzed and let it  buzz for a good 5 seconds.  No answer, again, I went outside to look up at my deck and noticed they were outside laughing.  I told them she has gone through enough suffering, let us in.
       One of my friends went inside, just as I was headed back in I noticed the same car that passed us earlier was coming back in, and headed right for us.  Just as the headed lights hit near the door, the buzzer went off letting us in.  It was pretty close.
      She ran upstairs, with the hallway lights killing whatever was left of her buzz.
      She opened the door, and to my surprise they had out my video camera.  Taping her from the moment she walked through the door.  She covered herself up, walked passed them, flipped them off, and went in my bed room.
      That night we had the best sex we had ever had.  If you want to see some action shots from that night, let me know!






As most people know, ordering a pizza to be delivered to your own home is quite common now days. Well in my household this is not quite true and in fact due to the pizza delivery guy, you could say it is the reason that I went on to start this Web site.

One cold Friday evening, my husband asked if we should get a pizza for a snack. “Yes, why not”, I agreed. But whilst waiting for the pizza to be delivered, my husband asks whether I would be prepared to answer the door to the guy in a sexy dress and try to turn him on. So I decided that the best dress to wear would be my white short see-thru little number that I had never had the courage to wear in public. Underneath all I was wearing was a small green thong, oh yes I forgot and black high heel shoes.

To record the moment, we set up the camcorder in the front room so the guy wouldn’t see it. My heart was pounding as I heard the delivery gut walk down our gravel pathway. As the doorbell rang my legs went to jelly, I slowly walked down the hallway towards the door, my hand reached out and opened the lock. There in front of me stood the rather plain looking guy, immediately his eyes looked me all over. A smile appeared on his face as his eyes reached my 38DD chest. Even though, as you know my nipples are not that dark, they could quite easily been seen through the thin material of the dress. 

He handed me the pizza, still with his eyes staring are my breasts, I turned round and walked back to the Living room, all the while I could feel his eyes burning into my back. As I walked into the Lounge my husband sat there watching the whole event on the TV, “Get the dress off!” he whispered so as not to alert the delivery guy. I walked slowly back towards the front door, as I reached about half way, I asked “How Much?,” as the delivery guy told me, I said to him “I have been asked to do this as a dare. With that I grabbed hold of the bottom of the white dress and pulled it ever so slowly up and off of my body. He eyes just followed the hem of the dress as at first it revealed my thighs, then my green thong and finally my naked breasts. With that, I once again turned my back on him, so that he could get a good look at my ass and walked back into the lounge to get the money. As I walked once again back towards the front door, I was met by a man with the biggest smile you have ever seen. “You drive me crazy” he said, as I approached him. I handed him the money and just stood there. “Would you like a touch?” I asked, “Oh yes” he replied and with that he gently stroked my breasts. As he went to go he suddenly bent down and kissed my nipple. “Can I come in for 5 minutes?” he asked “I’ll pay” he even offered. Unfortunately I refused as it was my first time I had stripped in front of a stranger, What a mistake, if only he asked again.







One night, a friend of mine and I were hanging out at the bar, and Heidi showed up a little latter than we did.  She grabbed a drink and we chatted for a couple of hours.
The drinks went down well, and easy.
After awhile, i started making shots with anything I could find into Heidi's cleavage.  It eventually turned into a contest, between my friend and I.
She finally told us to grow up, and went to the bathroom to empty out her shirt.
While she was away, my friend commented to me that she has really big boobs, and they looked great.
I noted the comment, and shook my head yes.
After more drinking and more flirting between us all, we decided to take the walk home to the house.
I guess the dark loosened up my friends tongue,because he told Heidi that she had a great rack, and he hoped his next girlfriend had something similiar.
I told him, that he should see them, and it's up to her if she wants to show them.
She smacked my arm and told me "no way in hell am I showing him my boobs"
I asked "sure?"
And she said no way.
I was getting pretty horny thiking about him seeing her topless, but I knew I wasn't gonna be able talk her into it.
But I contiued to prod, every third step "sure?"
"no"
When we got to the house I knew the time had passed.
I knew that the bright lights of a house would kill any mood the darkness gave in my hope of exposing her.
I tried to keep the lights to a minimum inside the house when we got there, and she went right to the the bedroom to change her clothes, out of her work clothes.
I thought about opening the door, and exposing her, but I knew that would open a can of worms on a night I didn't want it to.
But on the other hand I wasn't ready to let it go.
So I waited a second and came up with my plan.  I went into the bedroom, where she was changing and asked her again, of course it was an instant no.
So I grabbed a video tape from the shelf, and she new right away what it was.
It was a video tape I made of her, just a couple of weeks before.
I took it of her while she was changing clothes, and clearly showed her topless.
I smiled at her, and she told me that I had better not, and I ran out into the living room, laughing, and she followed, trying to grab the tape.
She cried out "please don't"
My friend asked what it was, and I looked at her, implying it was up to her to tell him what it was.
She finally said that it was a tape "of me changing"
I asked "and what does it show?"
"my boobs"
"so, which is going to be? real, or memorex?"
she chuckled, and I knew it loosened up the moment.
She tried to be pissed, but I could tell she was tired of fighting, and she finally succumbed.  "go ahead, pop it in if you want him to see me so badly"
I knew she was going after the guilt, and I guess I could've shown him the tape, later, and avoided all this.
But there was a totally different thing going on here
I was so turned on, I started to tremble as I put the tape in.
I rewound the tape, and waited, and looked at Heidi, her arms were crossed, as were her legs.
The tape was done rewinding, and I pressed play.
She and my friend were both watching the tape.
Her hand covered her mouth as she watched her on tape ask"what are you doing"
To my reply "just taping you".
"why?"
"cause you're sexy"
She unbuttoned her shirt slowly, not as a strip, but definately not embarassed.

I looked at her, on the arm of the couch, and she started to cover her eyes with one hand, as if she was watching a horror movie.

On the tape, she slipped of her shirt, exposing her bra.

"oh gawd, I even have on my ugly bra"

On the tape she turns around, showing the camera,her two finger expertese at snapping her clips on her bra.
She bends forward, and lets the bra fall to the ground, cups her breasts and turns around.
I tell her to drop her ands and she tells me no, "I don't want to see this"
I told her "don't worry, this is only for me"

At that moment Heidi lets out a "HA!I should've none better"

And within a moment, there she is, on our television, lowering her hands slowly, showing my friend her boobs.

There was immediate silence in the room. There was some serious tension.
My friend finally said "cool, can I see it again?"

Heidi laughed, and said no, to his, "thats okay, I have a good memory, especially of that, great boobs!  Good night."

I grabbed the tape out of the VCR and we went to bed as well.
Good sex, but I think she never was happy with that moment.....At ALL





We went to my class reunion a couple years ago. The
dress she decided to wear, she didn't have a bra that
fit her correctly, without the bra straps showing. She
got really drunk in the reunion, and we were leaving.
I was really horny, as the valets pulled up our car.
We drove another couple there, and had to wait for
them. I coaxed her into pulling down a strap so I
could see the goods. She at first said no, "the valet
guys are right there" I said "The headlights are in
their eyes, they can't see in here!" She reluctantly
pulled down the left strap to expose her left tit. She
lowered the fabric past her nipple, and it was fully
exposed. Just as it came out, the valet started
walking towards us, to help the next couple who came
out. It turned out to be the couple who rode with us.
I'm not sure if he saw, but he had a great chance to
see it. The door was opened, by  my friends and she
quickly concealed herself. 

After dropping of the couple, I talked her again to
slipping down her dress totally to her waist. The only
time anyone could have seen anything, was at a stop
light. We drove next to a truck, and we passed him
quickly. There were a lot of headlights on her at the
time. I could totally see. But I'm not sure if anyone
else could. I would love to re-inact this again, but
have pleaded with her, and even while drunk, she won't
do it again. A great fantasy would be to arrange in
advance, someone to check her out, and tell me what
they saw. But I know those times are gone. At least
for a while! :-(






An ex of mine who went to the bar with me and two friends.
We drank large amounts of alcohol and she got pretty hammered.  As we all did.
To make a long story short, after the bar closed we went back to the apartment and half way back Carrie ran way ahead of us.
And into the apartment.
When we arrived, she was already in the bathroom.
I went back to make sure she was okay, and she was not feeling well.
I went back out to the living room and hung out with my friends for about 20 minutes and went back in. 
She was almost passed out but complaining that she was burning up, and please help her take off some of her clothes.
I complied.
Mind you, she was a very shy girl and this was highly unlike her.
I helped her with her shirt, and her pants.
In my druken state, I thought "why not".
So I continued to take her bra and panties off.
And wrapped a blanket around her.
I went back in the living room.
After about 5 mintues one of my friends said they had to go to the bathroom.
I told them both of the predictament I was in, and they said they would help me move her.
I told them of the problem with that, and that she would kill me.
The said" live a little"  and goated me to do it.
So I asked if they were ready to see Carrie naked, and of course they were more than happy to see her.
We went in the bathroom and I pulled back the towel.
Exposing Carrie for the first time to them.
She said "hey, I'm cold"
I told her that we were moving her to a warm bed and just hold tight.
I ran into my bedroom and grabbed an old camera with film in it, the kind to develop.
And took a quick picture to show her just for fun.
Took the picture, and put down the camera and me and my friends we in to pick her up.
She opened her eyes just long enough to look down and see her state, and look at all of us.
She said, "...but I'm naked"
I told her it was okay, don't worry.
We picked her up and moved her to the bed.
One of my friends grabbed a boob and pretended to shoot me with it.
We covered her up, and let her sleep.
The next day she never made mention of it.
My friends had left, and I ran the photos to the local lab, to have them developed.
After an hour of shopping, we went back to grab the photos, I asked her to go in and pick them up, not knowing what was on them.
She ran in, picked them up and came back out to the car, and promptly slapped me on the arm.
She told me that the developer reviewed the pictures with her to make sure there was none that she refused.
Thats when she showed me the picture thats attached, and asked me if my friends saw her like that.
She laughed and told me how embarassed she was!
Everynow and then, when they were over I would pull out the photo and secretly give it to her or hang it on the fridge and ask her to get a beer.
She would take it down and hide it, and come back and slap me.
I hid the negatives and she knew if she ever ripped it up, I would develop it again.
Exposing her to more people.
Now is the most people she has been exposed to.
 


I have always felt of myself more on the giving end, than the receiving end.  And photos and sneak peeks of my wife and girlfriends before marriage were no different.
My wife is very oppose of anyone seeing her body, she thinks she is too heavy, and doesn’t like the look of her body.
        As you can see, I have to sneak shots, or work off of one videotape she let me have.
So a lot of my ”showing off” stories come from former girlfriends whom I have just posted in Michelle’s folder.
         The slender small-breasted girl is named Carrie.  She was a lot of fun, and was always willing to be a little wild.  I have a lot of stories about her.
        One night we were out drinking with her brother, at a local pub.  Not very note worthy.
The night went on, and things went a little over the top, drinking wise, and we all left pretty hammered.
        We walked back to my apartment.  All of a sudden she decided it was time to go swimming in the apartments pool.  
          She said she really wanted to go, but her brother was there, and didn’t want to get naked in front of him!
          He told her, he’s seen girls naked before.  He’s sure she didn’t have anything he’d never seen.
         She agreed.  
         I was turned on by this embarrassing moment.  But knew if I pushed the issue, I would be seen as creepy.  So I just waited.
         She told her brother, I could always go in my bra and underwear.  “That’s safe”.  And he agreed.
        She unbuttoned her jeans, took off her shoes and socks, and then her pants.  Leaving her shirt and underwear on.  Her brother and me proceeded to strip.  We went all the way, and when we looked up, her shirt and bra were both off, and she was just standing there, kind of dumb founded.  
        Just then she realized “oh my god, I took of my bra” and quickly cupped her boobs.
        Her brother laughed, and said, “I’ve seen them already, might as well relax.  If it’s any consolation, they’re nice.”  
       She quickly dove in the pool.    When she resurfaced, she was in the deep end.  She said we both suck and went down again.  And then resurfaced in the shallow in, and stood up.
     The only light that was on, was a street light across the street.  You could see but it was pretty difficult to. 
     She grabbed her boobs again, and said, “they are nice, aren’t they?”
     She hopped out of the pool, and mooned us by pulling down her panties.  
     She crossed her arms over her chest, hiding them again, saying how the coldness was killing her buzz, and she was wanting to go home.
     So we got out of the pool, and walked up next to her, she was sitting on a chair, in an upright fetal position trying to stay warm.  I grabbed her shoulder and could feel the goose bumps on her.  
     I laughed and said “your nipples must be rock hard!”
     She arched her back and displayed her breasts to us.  They were!  
        Just then her brother reached over and flicked one of her nipples.  It busted the mood up.  She grabbed her shirt and her pants, and went over to the dark side of the pool. 
       Her brother apologized, and she said it’s okay, she thought it was funny.
       She emerged from the dark side of the pool fully dressed carrying her bra and panties in her hand.
       I don’t know if she was thinking about it, but she was wearing a wet white button down shirt, that was now wet.
       We walked through the rest of the complex, and went inside my unit.  On our way up we passed a couple of people headed out for the night.  
        Her nipples weren’t clearly seen, but if you were looking, they were.
       We got back to the apartment.  She went to the bathroom to grab a towel and dry off.  Only then did she come out and ask us if were could see through her shirt?
        Of course she was upset when she was told yes.
       She lifted her shirt, and said “you guys get a long hard look at these,” she let her shirt stand up for a good five seconds, “cause it’s the last time either of you will ever see them again!”  
       She stormed out of the room.  I looked at her brother, and his mouth was gaping open.  This obviously was a new thing for him to see.
       I went in the room, and she was all but passed out.  She said she was really not mad, and everything will be okay in the morning.
       She fell asleep, and he was asleep by the time I went back out.
      Nothing was ever said about it again, I’m not sure if either remember it.  We dated for another two years.  I told her about it, but I think that was strictly selective memory!       














 


