MIXED TREBLES
by Mountebank

A young tennis coach discovers that, off court, mixed trebles is even more fun than mixed doubles



At first John felt embarrassed at disrobing under the watchful gaze of three fully-clothed women, but their smiles of encouragement and complimentary comments about his body soon reassured him. Indeed, as he pulled off his tennis shirt and let his shorts drop to the floor, leaving him naked except for a pair of navy-blue briefs, he began to feel a swelling sense of pride that was rapidly matched by a no less prominent swelling within the pouch of his briefs. 
	Despite his tender years, he was far from being inexperienced, having been introduced to the delights of sexual congress by his aunt on his thirteenth birthday. A fleeting memory of that warm summers afternoon, when she showed him the paradise that lay between a womans thighs, caused his member to stiffen still further. Since then, he had enjoyed many girls of his own age and had often provided off-court coaching to some of the more demanding women guests at the tennis ranch. But this was the first time, outside his masturbatory fantasies, that he had been with more than one at the same time. And now he was about to take part not just in a game of doubles but in an even more novel three-on-one encounter! 
	Looking down across the broad muscles of his chest, he could see the top three inches of his erect penis protruding impertinently from the waist-band of his briefs. Nor did that cheeky extension escape the eyes of the three women, who had ranged themselves in a semi-circle in front of him to watch him undress.
	Oh, look girls, giggled Josie shaking her golden-red hair free of the head-band which had constrained it on the courts, the handle of Johns tennis racquet is sticking out of its case! 
	Still laughing, she leant forward and touched the bulbous tip of the penishead gently with her forefinger. Then, smiling down at the painfully entrapped organ, she knelt and planted a delicate kiss on the tightly stretched skin just beneath its head. A low moan escaped the young mans lips and, despite the confining nature of the elastic that pressed it against his belly, his penis gave a small, involuntary twitch.
	I think it likes me! Josie exclaimed, repeating the movement but this time touching the frenum with the moist tip of her tongue. Again the stiff member twitched, as if to confirm its agreement.
	The other two ladies, until now mere spectators, sensed that the time had come for them too to take a more active role in the proceedings. Marie unbuttoned her flimsy blouse to reveal a lacy white brassiere that struggled -- but failed dismally - - to contain the ripe melons of her breasts. Reaching behind her, she unhooked it and released its precious cargo.  	
	The dull ache in Johns testicles intensified when he saw the brunettes lovely breasts swing naked and free. Inside his briefs, his penis swelled still further, almost threatening to snap the confining elastic. The skin of Maries breasts was a delicious golden colour, the nipples a rich brown that matched the hair framing her beautiful face. Already, the eroticism of the moment had tightened the nipples so that they protruded boldly. 
	Marie reached up and untied the bow which held her dark, glossy hair so that it cascaded onto her shoulders. The upward movement of her arms lifted her breasts provocatively, as she knew it would, and she could read the look of admiration in the boys face. Her black linen skirt soon followed her shirt and brassiere to the floor. To Johns surprise, he saw that she had not been wearing any knickers. 
	I like to feel the air, cool between my legs, Marie explained, in answer to the question she read in his eyes. Now she was clad only in a white lace suspender-belt and a pair of sheer, white stockings. Framed by the wispy fabric of the belt and the two vertical straps of the suspenders, her golden belly, with its deeply indented navel and dark triangle of pubic hair, presented a delightful spectacle to her companions. 
	As John watched entranced, she ran her fingers through the silky hairs, fluffing them up so that they stood out charmingly from her pubic mound. Then, smiling at him, she bent her knees slightly, opened her legs and separated the moist inner lips of her vulva with her fingers, showing him her clitoris. As Marie had intended, the boys eyes were drawn, as if by a magnet, to the inviting pink slit and the protuberant pleasure-bud nestled within it. 
	Would you like to fuck me? she asked teasingly.
	Aroused to the point where he could no longer trust himself to speak coherently, the tortured youth could only respond with a strangulated groan and an earnest nod of his head.
	Kim, meanwhile, had been undressing, too. Her slim oriental body made a pleasing contrast with the riper, European frames of the other two women. Her breasts were small and pointed, and although her hips were boyishly narrow, her buttocks were full and round. They were presented invitingly to John when she turned her back on him and bent down to remove her panties from around her ankles. As she did so, John caught a tantalising glimpse of plump lips and a hint of moisture between the satin-soft mounds. 	
      Josie, unlike her companions, had stayed fully clothed. In her elegant silk afternoon dress she remained kneeling before the man, like a supplicant in church, while the others came and stood, one on each side of him, to lean their naked bodies comfortingly against his broad shoulders while they looked looking down at her.
	A light breeze blowing through the lace curtains caught the perfume the three ladies were wearing, mingled it with the hot female smell of their bodies, and wafted its fragrance towards Johns nostrils.
	I think its time we saw the rest of this handsome thing, dont you? said Josie, once more touching the exposed portion of the penis that stood invitingly, only inches from her face. Kim and Marie smiled in agreement. Then, as if they had rehearsed the movement, each reached out a hand and slowly began to draw the briefs off Johns hips and down his legs. 
	He watched intently as the navy-blue material was peeled away from his aching organ. Freed from its former constraint, it jutted out proudly from the base of his belly and swayed menacingly as he stepped out of the briefs and kicked them away with his foot. Its expansion had caused the foreskin to draw back so that it was gathered behind the flared rim of the head. 
	Now that the briefs were gone, John could enjoy the feel of the breeze from the open window playing on his naked testicles. To ease its cooling passage around his overheated genitals, he parted his legs slightly so that the heavy sac hung free from contact with his inner thighs. This had the effect of thrusting his penis upwards and outwards, towards Josies waiting mouth. But, sportingly, she declined to take unfair advantage of her favourable position and withdrew slightly, rocking back on her heels.
	Marie, it was, who with a shake of her dark curls seized the moment. Joining Josie on her knees, she reached out and grasped the swollen organ just beneath its head. Then, looking deep into Johns eyes, she formed a ring with her thumb and forefinger and began to masturbate him tenderly, using slow, deliberate movements. First she pulled the skin downwards over the rigid member so that the sensitive area beneath the head was stretched to the limit, and then she moved it back up the shaft, folding the foreskin over the glans and allowing the pad of her thumb to rub across the frenum as she did so. Rhythmically she repeated the motion, drawing a sigh of pleasure from the youth. Does that feel nice? she asked needlessly, her lovely breasts swaying in time with the up-and-down movement of her hand. 
	Before John had the chance to nod his silent agreement, Marie looked over her shoulder towards Kim, while continuing to slide the skin up and down on the rigid shaft.  Dont you think this young man has a beautiful cock? she asked.	
	Yes, good enough to eat! laughed the young Japanese, who promptly knelt down and took Josies place next to Marie, beneath the swaying scrotum. Let me taste him.
	Reluctantly, Marie ceased her movement and released her grip on Johns masculinity so that Kim could bring it to her mouth. It stood there, displaying itself, fierce and red from Maries ministrations. As Kim moved forward to lick its length, the girls saw a clear drop of liquid emerge from the narrow eye at its tip.
	Oh look, hes weeping, poor thing, cried Kim.
	A tear of joy, said John, looking down proudly at the object of their attentions. Hes so happy, he couldnt contain himself any longer. Despite the sexually charged atmosphere, he felt a delicious languor wash over him and knew that, although he was highly aroused, he would be able to contain his ejaculation long enough to impress these three beautiful women with his self restraint.	
	All embarrassment now gone, his hand went to his sex and he began fondling it lazily, making the transparent droplet at its tip shimmer in the light from the nearby table lamp. Kim raised herself off her heels, leant forward and gathered the liquid gratefully on the tip of her tongue. Soon the coaxing motions of the boys hand brought forth a second droplet to replace the first. With her forefinger, Kim smoothed it over the tight skin of the glans, lubricating it and imparting a glossy sheen to the purple-coloured knob. 	
	Please, Kim, I need you to suck it now, John begged. To emphasize his need, he thrust his hips forward at her, making the already prominent organ stick out still further.
	Kim smiled up at him and edged further forward on her knees to comply with his request. Taking him tenderly in her left hand, she fed the top three or four inches of the shaft into her mouth. The skin of the glans felt silky smooth against the roof of her mouth, and her tongue caressed the frenum, delighting in the pulse of pleasure that rippled through the organ. Then her right hand came up to cup and support his scrotum, while her left released its grip on the shaft and moved to grasp the boys buttocks. She could feel the muscles there alternately contracting and relaxing as he thrust his sex deeper and deeper into her mouth. Johns hands held her head gently, almost as if he was blessing her for the sacrament they were sharing.
	Marie, until now largely a spectator, was not going to allow herself to be left out any longer. She moved to stand behind the youth, hooking her chin over his shoulder so that she could watch Kims mouth at work on him. She slipped her arms beneath his and laced them round his chest. This allowed John to lean back so that her heavy breasts were pressed against his back. Supported in this position, he could feel their twin mounds squashed lovingly against him while her fluffy pubic hairs tickled his naked buttocks as he rocked backwards and forwards in the Japanese girls welcoming mouth. 	
	Josie, who had moved to one side to remove her clothes, remained standing a few feet away so that she could take in and enjoy the entire scene. Soon, like Marie, she was naked except for a suspender belt and stockings. 
	Josies need for relief had now become overpowering. So, submitting quite shamelessly to the urgings of her body, she opened her legs, placed a finger lightly against the bud of her clitoris and began masturbating. As her hand moved gently to and fro against the tiny organ, the motion transmitted itself to her naked breasts and caused them to jiggle provocatively.	
	The sight of Josies breasts swaying as she groaned and brought herself to a sweet little climax, coupled with Kims insistent sucking on his penis, was almost enough to push John over the edge into orgasm. From her position close behind him, Marie could sense this and knew that if she didnt act promptly he would soon fill Kims mouth with his semen. So, gently but firmly she pulled him backwards. The movement freed his erection with a jerk and made it slap wetly against his belly, the moisture on it glistening in the lamplight. 
	You mustnt come yet, you naughty boy, Marie scolded. You can only squirt when we tell you to.
	But my balls ache so much, John pleaded, supporting them with his hand. You make me want to do it. Look at my cock, ladies. Cant you see its almost at bursting point? He squeezed his glans lovingly, opening the little eye and giving them a glimpse of the pink interior. 
	Yes, it looks ready to explode, Marie agreed. But wait a little bit longer, darling, the sensation will be even better if you do. First lets all get on the bed together. You can fuck each of us in turn; then well let you come while we all watch.
	Watch me come? the young man asked. You mean you want me to squirt outside of you? He groaned, anticipating with relish the moment when he could just let go and allow himself to spurt his semen all over the naked girls next to him.
	Yes, Josie smiled, that way we can see just how much you love us! The more love-liquid you produce, and the further it squirts, the more deeply well know you care for us.
	Well, Ill try not to disappoint you, John chuckled, still cradling his aching testicles. It feels as though Im holding back Niagara Falls in here. You ladies are going to get drenched!
	Giggling, Josie took him by the hand and led him to the king-sized bed in the centre of the room, admiring the way his masculinity swayed from side to side as he walked. The table lamps on either side of the bed cast a warm glow on the soft sheets and piles of pillows and reflected off the elaborate brass headboard. For John, the bed had become a stage on which a theatrical performance was about to take place, with him as the principal actor.
	He stood there, slowly massaging his throbbing member, watching the three girls as they arranged themselves gracefully on the bed. Through some secret signal they had already decided that Kim was to be the first to serve him. She knelt with her bottom presented temptingly towards him, her back arched and her elbows resting on the headboard. Marie and Josie knelt at her side, ready to assist Johns penis make its the penetration. 
	John took his position behind her and paused to savour the moment. He smiled at Kims two handmaidens as they knelt, one on each side of him, dressed so charmingly in their suspender belts and stockings. Their faces were flushed. In Josies case, the excitement of her recent orgasm had extended the pink flush to the upper slopes of her breasts, where there was a light dusting of freckles. Her belly was pale and delicately curved and at its base the curly tangle of her pubic bush was thrust forward, its golden-red hairs catching and reflecting the light from the lamp. Returning his smile, Josie moistened one of her fingers and slipped it between the lips that could just be seen, pouting between her legs. She withdrew it, wet with her fluids, and offered it to John.	Taste me, she instructed. Gladly the youth complied, sucking her finger into his mouth and enjoying the salty, female taste of her intimate liquid.
	On Kims other side, Marie presented an equally inviting picture. Her nipples were hard and protuberant, and John could not resist leaning forward to touch one with his tongue. Marie lifted the heavy globe in her hands to bring it closer to his eager face and he gratefully sucked the nipple deep inside his mouth. Her eyes closed as she felt a tremor of pleasure run from her breasts down to the wet folds between her legs. She moved her knees a bit further apart on the bed and, following the example set by Josie, used a finger to explore the damp membranes that she found there. 
	Ready now to insert himself into the first of his three naked acolytes, John brought his hands up and moulded the ripe flesh of Kims buttocks. He ran his palms over the silky skin and delighted in their smooth resilience. Then, taking one lovely cheek in each hand, he pulled them gently apart to expose the tightly puckered pink rose of her anus and, below it, the soft, wet flesh of her vulva. 
	While Marie bent forward to moisten his erection with her tongue, Josie took over the task of holding Kims fleshy mounds apart. This freed Johns fingers to touch and explore the delicate flesh that was now exposed to him. With the tip of his forefinger he drew some of the wetness seeping from Kims vagina, up and across the sensitive membrane of her perineum, using it to lubricate the anal opening. Marie, who was holding his member near its base, used it the organ to retrace the fingers front-to-back stroking movement, finally allowing the blunt head to end its journey poised over the waiting anus.
	Which opening are you going to use? she asked, looking up at John expectantly and holding his lance ready to direct it at whichever target he selected.  
	Ive never done it in anyones bottom before,  John confessed. 
	Oh, hes a bottom-virgin, girls! Marie giggled. Then you have no choice, my fine young friend. You have to put it in this pretty little pink rear entrance here. With that, she licked the head of Johns penis again so that it was slippery with saliva. Then, holding its root, she steered it towards its target. 
	Kim felt its wet, bulbous tip nudging insistently against the tight ring of her back entrance. Hungry now to have it inside her, she gripped the headboard firmly and thrust her bottom backwards, impaling herself on the end of the massive organ. A low moan escaped her lips as the first three inches slipped in, under the careful guidance of Maries attentive fingers. For her part, Josie contributed by continuing to hold apart the Japanese girls peach-soft buttocks so as to give the youth easy access and allow him a clear view of the orifice he was possessing.
	Resisting for a moment the urge to thrust still deeper and to move in and out, John paused and studied the delightful conjunction of the male organ and the female rectum: the dark mass of his pubic hair, the swollen length of his shaft and the enchanting little hole into which he his glans was thrust. His delight was shared by the two spectators, who had moved still closer to watch the act of full, deep  penetration. So close were their two faces that Kim could feel their gentle breath cooling the fevered skin between her buttocks.
	At last, the eager youth could wait no longer and he succumbed to the ancient instinct to ensheathe himself fully and move within the enfolding orifice. This elicited a sigh of envy from the two watching women and a more profound gasp of pleasure from the young girl in whose bottom he was lodged.
	Tensing his buttocks, John began a steady in and out motion, delighting in the feel of the tight ring of muscle at Kims anus sliding up and down his member, from tip to base. Stimulating though the sensation was, he now felt in full control of his own arousal, whereas every deep thrust between Kims silky cheeks told him that he was bringing her nearer and nearer to her climax.
	Her two helpers could sense it too. While Marie supported Kims firm, conical breasts and pulled lightly on their nipples, Josies inquisitive hand had crept beneath the kneeling girl and was began playing gently with her clitoris. The tiny love-bud was now so sensitive that a few further taps from Josies finger were all that were needed to bring the young Japanese to a shattering orgasm.
	As she climaxed, Kims fingers tightened on the brass head rail, her back arched and her body shook with wave after wave of pleasure. It spread outwards from the clitoridal bud between her legs to envelop her whole body. Powerful contractions in her rectum milked the invading organ deliciously so that John had to draw on all his reserves of self-control to prevent himself from ejaculating.	
	Finally, her body spent, Kim collapsed flat on the bed, moaning softly.
	Wow..., said John, withdrawing from her bottom with an impudent grin on his face, ... another ten seconds and Id have given her a spunk enema! I was on the point of coming, there.
	Naughty boy! Remember what we said, Marie exclaimed, wagging her finger and smiling up at him. No squirting until we tell you to! To emphasize the point she gently tapped her finger twice on the tip of his swollen glans.
	Its all very well your giving me orders, John retorted, looking down at his erect soldier. Sometimes this fellows got a mind of his own. If he decides he wants to come, theres precious little I can do to stop him. Still, at the moment hes being pretty fairly obedient. But he says he thinks its time now for him to make friends with a vagina.
	Oh mine, please, begged Marie, pouting. The other two have come already. Its my turn now.
	Come and sit over here, then. John led the brunette to an upright wooden chair, strategically placed a few feet from the end of the bed. Josie, ever attentive, took a cushion from the bed and placed it on the padded velour seat to make it even more comfortable for the two lovers. 
	The young man sat down and rested his back against the firm support of the elegant chair, his thighs apart and his testicles hanging loosely between them. For a few brief moments he stroked his hand up and down his penis, proud to be able to masturbate in front of these ladies without shame or embarrassment. They watched him keenly, enjoying his enjoyment of himself. Then, releasing his aching shaft, John held his hands out and drew Marie down so that she was sitting facing him, supported comfortably on his thighs, her legs astride him. His hands held her at her slim waist. 
	Resting her forearms on his shoulders, Marie laced her fingers behind his head and pressed her mouth to his, thrusting her tongue deep inside and allowing him to suck it. Then, coming up for breath, she leant back and supported her weight by placing her hands on his knees behind her. Her dark hair fell back from her head in a glossy tangle. Her back was slightly arched and this served to thrust forward the golden melons of her breasts. 
	Johns eyes were drawn to them and he felt his hands, which suddenly seemed to have acquired a life of their own, move up to cup and fondle their firm loveliness. They felt so heavy, so full. He wondered for the hundredth time how it must feel to be a woman and to have two fleshy globes suspended from your rib-cage, 24-hours a day. But it was clear from Maries response to his caress that she in no way looked upon her breasts as a burden but rather as a toy with which to enchant her lovers. 
	Do you think theyre beautiful? she breathed in his ear, leaning forward now.
	Perfect, the youth replied, finding it difficult to tear his eyes, or his hands, away from them.
	If you want to look between my legs, you can,. Marie whispered. 
	Her bold offer commended itself to John greatly. So, shifting slightly in the chair, he opened his thighs wider, which drew her legs further apart, and looked down to study the beauty his movement had exposed. 	
	Between Maries thighs, framed prettily by her stockings and garters, he could see the silky curls of her pubis. Through the thicket of hair, the outer lips of her vulva pouted so that the delicate folds of the moist inner labia were just visible. With trembling fingers, he reached down and parted the plump outer lips, exposing the pink inner membranes to his gaze. While he held the lips apart with his left hand, he slowly ran the forefinger of his other hand across the vaginal opening until it became slick with her juices. Then with infinite gentleness he touched it to the tiny protrusion of sensitive flesh at the front of her pleasure playground. Pushing his finger lightly up towards her pubic bone, he succeeded in sliding back the little fold of flesh that covered the clitoris, leaving the organ swollen and exposed. 
	The delicious sight she presented to him might at other times have brought John straight to orgasm. But he had now reached a high plateau of sensation. His swollen stem and the twin-orbed semen factory suspended beneath it were suffused with a dull ache but he knew that, for the time being at least, he could hold back the torrent.
	Marie, whose eyes had closed in pleasure at the manipulation of her genitals, opened them when she felt Kim and Josie kneel down on either side of the chair and rest their elbows on her wide-open thighs so that they could study her intimate parts. She looked down between her breasts, across the swell of her belly, and shared with them the imposing sight of the erect male organ standing ready to enter her. As she watched, Kim took it near the base and began to masturbate it skilfully. The slit at its tip was now weeping a stream of tears, and these Josie spread in a lubricating film all over the swollen, purple glans and the foreskin that was gathered behind its flared rim.
	Im ready now, ladies, John whispered. I cant wait any longer.
	Yes, darling boy, we can see that, smiled Josie as yet another bead of clear liquid appeared on the tip of the youths penis. Its time to put it in her now.
	Josie moistened the glans with her tongue, taking care not to disturb the shimmering droplet, and then she and her beautiful oriental helper moved to bring about the conjunction of the two lovers sexual organs. While Josie held apart the outer lips of Maries vulva, Kim carefully steered the massive member between the pink inner folds. 
	Marie sighed deeply as she felt its first few inches penetrate her. Although her sexual arousal had tightened the opening, the slipperiness of the mans pre-ejaculatatory fluid, coupled with Josies saliva and her own freely flowing secretions, meant that, despite its size, the head of Johns penis entered her with little difficulty. 
	Now the brunette leaned back again and pushed down on the intrusive organ so that about half its length was inside her. Poised like that she waited for an instant to enjoy the feeling, then she swung her hips back a fraction so that only the head remained within her.
	Looking down between her breasts, Marie could see the diamond shape formed by her open thighs astride Johns, and, bisecting the diamond, the rigid shaft of flesh which joined their bodies. The rim of his glans was just visible between the plump lips but the most of the head was nestled comfortably inside. 
	Without deepening his penetration any further, John rocked gently from side to side. As he did so, the upper surface of his organ rubbed lightly against the pink clitoris that was poking its head out of the little sheath of flesh at the front of her vulva. 
	Oh, my God, thats unbelievable! Marie cried. It feels so good when you do that.
	What, you mean this? John asked, doing it again and knowing full well what it was that she wanted.
	Yes, yes, yes! Every little side-to-side movement of the young mans penis brought a fresh gasp of pleasure from the womans lips.
	To add to Maries pleasure, Josie bent over and ran her fingertips from the tightly curled pubic hair at the base of the phallus, across the upper surface of the exposed portion of the shaft and onto the girls clitoridal bud. There they lingered for a while, teasing the little organ with a gentle rhythmic pressure. Kim watched this manipulation attentively, her chin cupped in her hands, her elbows resting on Maries thighs.
	For the man, the sight of this perfectly proportioned woman sitting astride his thighs, his penis deep inside her, and her lovely body open to his inspection, was almost too much to bear. Her lovely breasts, capped by two deliciously erect nipples, stuck out at him, inviting him to fondle and suck them. And her flimsy suspender-belt and stockings served only to make her nakedness more shocking, more stimulating. 
	With a trembling finger John traced a line from the white band at the top of her stocking, up the taut elastic of the suspender, which because of her position was stretched, free of contact with her body, and onto the lacy belt around her slim waist. From there it continued its journey, up her rib-cage and on to the satin-smooth globes of her breasts. The ends of her nipples were puckered into tight little brown cylinders that stood proud from their pink-brown aureoles. His finger stroked first one, then the other, teasing them into an even greater erection. Now he brought up his other hand and pulled gently on both nipples at the same time, playing with them and eliciting a shiver of pleasure from the woman. This turned into throaty moan when he gathered the twin globes in his hands, squeezed them together and sucked both nipples deep into his mouth.
	I want you deeper, John, Marie breathed in his ear when she had regained a little of her composure. Put that beautiful cock all the way in. Fill me to the brim.
	Like this, you mean? John asked, moving his buttocks on the seat so that his member slid deep into her love channel.
	Yes, just like that.
	Now shall I pull it out a bit?
	Yes, but not too far. Ah, perfect. Ooh, look how wet Ive made it! Now push it in again. Thats it. Now pull it out again.
	Mmm, that feels soooooo nice, sighed John, sliding his bottom backwards and forwards on the silk cushion as he thrust powerfully into Maries slippery vagina. Its making my balls feel so tight and full. 
	Oh, poor things. Here, let me soothe them. With that, Marie reached down between her legs and tenderly cradled the testicles which were swinging backwards and forwards in time with his thrusting motion.
	My, they do feel heavy! she agreed. Josie, wont you help this poor angel and hold them for a while? 
	With pleasure! said Josie with a chuckle. She reached under his Johns thighs and formed her palm into a cup that supported his scrotal sac while still leaving it free to sway in time with his rocking movements. She could feel a moistness there which had seeped out from between Maries vulval lips.
	For several minutes no-one spoke. For the man and woman engaged in the primeval act of love, the savage sensations coursing through their genitals had taken control of their bodies and robbed them of the power of speech. For the two spectators, too, the rhythmic thrusting of the couples hips and the accompanying sound of the chair squeaking beneath them, cast a hypnotic spell that compelled them to watch in silence. 	
	Maries breath was now coming in short, ragged gasps. Eyes closed, head thrown back, and working her own clitoris with her finger, she finally tipped over the edge into orgasm. Im coming, Im coming, Im coming! she sobbed, and pumped her hips frantically while her vagina squeezed its guest in a series of powerful spasms.
	Maries climax was the trigger that pushed John to the very edge of the precipice and he knew he could hold back no longer.
	Im ready to come now, too, he announced in a voice that was supposed to sound strong and confident but in fact shook with emotion. Ladies, please may I have your permission to squirt?
	What do you think, girls, asked Josie with a mischievous smile. Shall we let him?
	Yes, I think hes earned it, said Kim. Its time to see how much he loves us. 
	The beautiful Japanese girl helped Josie lift Maries exhausted and satiated body off Johns erection. As it popped out of the enfolding warmth and wetness of the brunettes vagina it slapped forcefully against his belly and stood there quivering. 
	Marie leant back and once again supported herself by placing her hands on Johns knees. Josies hand enclosed the slippery weapon, aimed it up across the smooth curve of Maries belly and began a firm, purposeful up-and-down motion. Eight or nine strokes were all that were needed to induce a monumental spasm in the testicles that were still being lovingly supported by Josies other hand. With a loud moan John began to ejaculate.
	The tiny eye at the tip of his penis dilated as the ladies bent closer to watch. The first two three jets squirted out powerfully, arching through the air to land on Maries face and the upper slopes of Maries her breasts. The onlookers gasped at the force with which the milky liquid was expelled and they continued to watch in wonder as jet after jet fountained from the little slit, spraying all over the young womans suspender belt, belly and pubic hair. Josie was doing her best to direct the spurts onto fresh parts of Maries body while Kim counted the number of separate surges. But she lost track when, after the eighth spasm, the liquid emerged in a steady stream that ran down the engorged shaft and drenched the slim, elegant hand that was milking it. Finally, the penis delivered itself of its last pearly drops and lay quiescent in Josies encircling fingers. The cataclysm was over.
	  Wow, that was magnificent! said Kim in admiration, bending to dip her tongue thirstily into a large puddle of semen that glistened in the valley between Maries breasts. I didnt realize anyone could shoot as much sperm as that. Maybe we should enter you for the Guinness Book of Records!
	I did warn you that I was damming up Niagara Falls, John replied with a happy smile on his face. After all, I had to produce enough for three this time!


**************************************************************
AUTHORS NOTE: If you enjoyed this story (or even if you didnt!) Id love
to hear from you. You can reach me at mountebankatprivacyx.com (Substitute the usual @ for at in the address. I hope this will defeat the automated e-mail trawlers!)


