Jensen hates promotional parties. There's no way around it, he just flat out, no holds barred, check your coat at the door because it's going to be a rough night hates them. It's also not helping his mood any that Jared appears to be having the time of his young fucking life, and Jensen didn't know it was possible for a guy to pick up that amount of chicks at just one party.

Well, that's a lie, because he's done it before himself, but still. This is Jared he's talking about, Jared of the floppy hair, out-dated plaid button-downs and holey jeans. Jared doesn't have the style, the panache, the flare that's needed to be able to get girls at that speed. Jared's just too damn awkward, like he almost doesn't know his own body.

Or, apparently not. As ridiculous as it sounds, tonight seems to be the night Jared finally finishes puberty, because the easy flow of leg and hand, the bright smile, the confident step, is catching even Jensen's eye.

Jensen watches irritably as Jared swoops out on to the dance floor with two more acquisitions of the female persuasion, swinging them both around in a fast two-step and managing not to look like a total dork while smiling from ear to ear. Again, where Jensen expects too big feet and inelegance, there is instead a sort of floating grace of the kind that can only be achieved by tall people. This is a skill Jensen has yet to master (and some inches he has yet to grow, and he will, dammit), and he mutters, "Showoff," into his drink, consoling himself by tossing it all back in one gulp that burns the back of his throat on the way down.

Feeling the liquor hit his stomach like a freight train, Jensen realizes that he hasn't had anything to eat in the last five hours, and that perhaps chugging isn't the best thing in the world to do with premium-grade vodka. His glass appears to be shaking in his hand, and before he knows what's happening, he's broken it by squeezing too tightly. His fingers immediately start to bleed, small rivulets of blood running down his palm, his wrist, soaking the cuff of his shirt and dripping languidly to the floor.

"Oh man, you all right, dude?" A hand lands on his shoulder, and Jensen looks up to see some random extra, the guy with the tattoo from Scarecrow, reach out a hand and rest it on his shoulder. The hand squeezes gently. "Hey, can you understand me, man? How many have you had? You just busted your fucking glass… I think you need to go to the hospital."

"Yeah, I… yeah," Jensen mumbles, suddenly resigned. He unclenches his hand, and the remains of his glass fall to the floor with a tinkle. He notices rather disconnectedly that there are sparkling shards sticking out of his fingers, like diamonds on the wrong side of a ring, and he wonders how many drinks he really did have, because he sure as hell shouldn't be this drunk.

"Look, I'm going to get you a towel or somethin', awright?"

Jensen nods dumbly. He senses Tattoo Guy leaving, and finally looks up from his hand. Jared is oblivious to Jensen's plight, body fitted snuggly against that of a curvy blonde, his leg between her thighs, her hands low on his hips, as they grind together. His smile is blazing, and Jensen feels another dull lurch of… something, that bubbles uneasily in his stomach.

Jared should be… not dancing, not flirting, not getting hard and getting off, like he's probably doing now. Jared should be his, and what the fuck does that mean? Where does this shit even come from? Sometimes the stuff Jensen's mind spits up is completely unknown even to him, and this is one of those times. Jensen doesn't own Jared, and he doesn't want to either, not even a little bit.

Jared's mouth goes slack as the blonde presses lips to his neck, and Jensen has to turn away before he breaks something else.

Tattoo Guy returns, taking a towel and carefully wrapping it around Jensen's hand, before slinging an arm around Jensen's shoulders. "I'll take you to the hospital, man. You need to get that looked at."

"Fine, thanks," Jensen doesn't know who the hell this guy is, and he doesn't want to know, but it's a ride to the emergency room, anyway, and he needs that. There's no way he's driving with a mangled hand, and he just cannot remember how much vodka he actually ingested before he became distracted by Jared's conquests and Jared's fucking long legs and low-rise jeans.

T.G's car is a dilapidated old Volvo, and it turns out that the passenger door has to be kicked violently before it pops open. Jensen wonders if each traveler has left a dent, a shoe shaped imprint on this guy's car; like some kind of demented fingerprint in the machine world of 2055. The seat is lumpy, and Jensen's knees are folded up against the dash.

"Sorry, man, that seat stuck way back in '94. Little flexibility never hurt anyone."

Jensen doesn't complain, doesn't make eye contact, doesn't talk except for a mumbled "Thanks" when he gets out of the car at the ER doors. The streetlights in this part of town are watery, faltering at best, and he can barely see the guy's face when he turns back to slam the door shut.

"No prob, karma pays all this shit back." T.G. says, nauseatingly optimistic, and Jensen has a flash of Jared's hand on the swell of the blonde's breast, and wonders what karma will do to pay back him back for that; for the blatant invasion of property.

And there it is again, that fucking "property" issue. Jared. Is. Not. His.

"See you around sometime," T.G. calls, leaning across roll up the window before speeding away, and Jensen almost yells after him to stop, his no-strings-attached kindness pissing Jensen off more than being ignored and bleeding at the party would have. Changing his mind, he heads inside.

***

It's almost two in the morning when Jensen unlocks his front door, saluting the ambulance that drove him here, before pushing inside. He's 22 stitches the worse-for-wear, and his hand is a mass of gauze and tape that he doesn't even fucking recognize.

Inside his apartment it's dark, and he practically jumps out of his skin when someone moves in the living room. His hand flies to the light switch, and it's only after he slams it on that he realizes it was his bad hand and it hurts like a motherfucker.

"Ow! Jesus fuck! Who the hell – what in the name of Christ are you doing here Jared? You scared the shit out of me! Ow! My fucking hand…!" Jensen cradles the offended appendage to his chest and stares incredulously at Jared.

"I… was wondering how you were. That's all."

He looks impossibly large standing in front of Jensen's clean-lined couch and thoroughly modern art, like a little piece of Texas come to roost in Jensen's apartment, and Jensen feels drawn to him like he would to a ten-galleon hat or a pair of cowboy boots.

"Well, I'm good. You can go now," Jensen snaps, turning sideways to stare at the hallway that leads to kitchen, bath, and bedroom. He doesn't know why he feels so angry, doesn't know why he says it, but he spits out, "You've got something, or should I say someone, else to do, anyway."

"What?"

"You know, your blonde bimbo. Where's she waiting, in the car? Or is she already at your pad, getting the bed ready?" Jensen's words are harsh, like acid in his mouth, and he wonders why he's acting like such a bitch. It's not like him to care this much about his friends, especially friends with potential, and he ruthlessly squashes that notion before it goes too far.

Jared is silent. Jensen shrugs and walks forward to his kitchen, switching on the fluorescent overhead with his good hand, before heading to the fridge and cracking it open for no reason other than to look like he's doing something. He can feel Jared when he comes to stand in the kitchen doorway.

"Look, as soon as I heard you were in the hospital, I dropped everything and came here. Wanted to make sure you were okay."

"You're such a fucking idealist," Jensen says, softer now. The admission that he is more important than Jared's newfound talent for womanizing soothes his frazzled nerves.

He hates himself for even needing that kind of validation.

Shutting the fridge, he turns to Jared's tall, lanky frame tumbled against his kitchen door like fallen Roman architecture. The arches of his shoulders and the empty windows of his eyes a coliseum that hides remembered fights and gladiators, and for a second, Jensen forgets to breathe.

"Hey, man. At least I don't break glasses at parties and then flounce off like some kind of drama queen with a broken nail."

The smile is slow to grow on Jensen's face, but once it does, he doesn't even think of hiding it. Letting out a gust of air, he looks down and shakes his head.

"Whatever. If you're going to bug me you should just go away, pretty boy."

"Don't think you can get rid of me that easily. You ever hear of Mystery Science Theater?"

Jensen raises an eyebrow, and watches Jared's lips as they stretch over vowels and consonants.

"It's this old TV show, where they criticize really bad scifi and horror movies. Come on, you'll like it. I've got a boxed set."

Later, when they're sitting on the couch and Jensen's stomach hurts from laughing so hard, he looks over at Jared only to find that Jared is watching him, smiling. Jensen grins back, and just like that, mineminemine starts up again in his head and he knows that he could never let Jared go to some anonymous chick that easily.

Next time, I fight back, he vows, and reaches out to cuff Jared easily on the side of the head, saying, "Who knew two robots and some guy stranded in space would make my night."

"They usually do," Jared hits Jensen back, slouches down a little more, and Jensen tries not to notice how their knees are touching and have been for the last hour.

***

Unfortunately for Jensen, the previous night's awkwardness is like a small, yapping Chihuahua compared to the slobbering Doberman that is now rampaging around his apartment, and Jensen is seriously contemplating rethinking that whole "fighting back" agenda he was envisioning.

It happens like this:

Jensen wakes up at a weird sideways slant, and it takes him only a few moments to figure out that he and Jared fell asleep on the couch. Jared has slouched down to the point that his knees are flush against the coffee table, and Jensen somehow slipped sideways so that his head is resting on Jared's chest, heartbeat steady under his ear and a sharp hipbone digging into his arm. It takes another millisecond for Jensen to realize that Jared is still half-asleep, and that those are his fingers threading themselves through the hair above Jensen's ear over and over again.

"Jared," Jensen whispers, starting to get up, but Jared's hand tightens in his hair and drags Jen's head back down onto his stomach.

"Shh, baby, s'too early," Jared murmurs and Jensen stares up at him, lips slightly parted, highly conscious of the side of his mouth pressed against Jared's T-shirt. Jared's lashes are thick against his skin, and his abs are a flesh-solid, heated pillow under Jensen's cheek.

And then Jared's eyelids snap open.

There is a moment of absolute stillness, where Jared's eyes move rapidly, cataloguing his surroundings and remembering where he is. Then, there is a deep intake of breath, and Jensen can almost hear the click when the thought, So what's that on my stomach…? falls into place.

The frozen time where Jared stares into Jensen's eyes is even longer, and when he finally lifts his hand out of Jensen's hair, Jensen can still feel the warm palm print burning into his scalp.

Rolling onto his back, Jensen swings his feet to the floor and sits up. He doesn't look at Jared, and the mere inches between them widen into an impossible chasm, unbearable to bridge and treacherous to contemplate. But oh, he wants to. One touch, one pull, and Jensen could lose himself in Jared's sleep-warm skin and soft mouth.

Jared stands up suddenly, "Um, can I use your shower? I'm pretty sure I still stink from the party."

"Go ahead on," Jensen says, "You can borrow one of my shirts, too," he adds, almost as an afterthought. His eyes dart up, and then back down. "I mean, if you need to."

"Yeah, okay. Thanks," and just like that Jared's gone, the door to Jensen's bathroom closing and the sound of running water coughing to life behind it. The tone of the spray changes when it hits Jared's skin, and Jensen has never been so hard in his life, the thick length in his jeans something he can no longer ignore.

Cupping his palm desperately over his cock through the rough denim, Jensen lets himself fall sideways, burying his face in the couch and inhaling a scent that is earthy and lingering and all Jared. It only take him three good rubs to come, and then he's gasping apologies into the threads of his couch, fireworks going off behind his closed eyelids while his thighs tremble through his trip down from the top.

When Jensen lets Jared out of his house twenty minutes later, he's still wearing his sticky jeans, and his favorite, vintage Led Zeppelin T-shirt is caressing the tempting angles of Jared's back, hanging loose around his neck and tight around his biceps. The shirt is Jensen's, but now it's Jared's, and isn't Jared Jensen's, too? Questions of belonging and attraction are written in invisible ink all over that shirt, and Jensen wonders how he'll make it through seeing Jared on set, wearing his clothes, without pulling him into the nearest supply closet and sucking Jared's brains out through his dick.

He watches Jared through the curtains until he's driven away, and then Jensen presses his forehead to the window glass, lets out a sigh, and wonders what the fuck is happening to him. Also, his jeans are really starting to stick, and he's probably going to have to take them off soon, before his pubic hair fuses to the back of the zipper and he has a really big problem.

He still waits another ten minutes before finally moving away from the window.