This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 24 - Recap (MF, cons, magic, rom)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I rushed to Kate's side. She was naked, her usual state when alone. I had never seen a naked woman so pregnant...I didn't know where to look first.

Her breasts had grown, and they had already been nice C cups. They must have been D's now! Her formerly flat tummy was very distended, with stretch marks.

She looked beautiful, though really tired. I helped her to lay back on the bed.

"Where have you been?!" She looked at me with a combination of anger and concern.

I sat on the bed next to her. "It's more 'when' than 'where'," I responded.

She looked confused for a moment, and then clued in. "Time travel...he was that powerful? When did you go, and when did you get back?"

"Same answer. Arrived yesterday, with no time passing in between for us."

Tears rolled down her cheeks. "My location spells just fizzled, like you didn't exist. I knew you weren't dead, because I still loved you." She was referring to the effect of her backfired love potion. "A few days after I restored my portal they towed the car. I kept an eye on your apartment, but then they evicted you. I didn't know what to do, and then I started to get big..." She gestured to her belly, as if it wasn't obvious what she meant.

"Yeah, how did this happen?" I asked.

She gave me an incredulous look. "For you it's only been a day, and you forgot? You filled me up with your super sperm the night before we went after Eros. Er, the second time, I guess."

"No, I meant I thought you didn't age. Wouldn't a pregnancy require getting older?"

"Oh," she said, mollified. "Um...well, when you said you were worried about growing old without me, I removed the anti-aging spell. Then once I realized I was pregnant I couldn't put it back in place without killing the baby." She caressed her stomach lovingly.

I put my hand on her belly and felt a little kick. "Wow."

"Yeah, she's pretty active these days."

"She?"

"Yes...I couldn't stand not knowing, so I scried. I think I'm the first witch that's ever gotten pregnant and kept her magic, due to not actually losing my virginity in the process." She looked smug.

Demie called from the portal entrance, "Everything okay in there?"

"Yeah!" I yelled.

"Eros?" Kate asked.

"Smashed."

"Good. I knew you two could do it."

I looked down. "Yeah, except..."

"What?"

"I'll...tell you later. You look like you need to rest."

"Tom..."

I stood up. "I'm still processing it. We'll talk later, okay?" I kissed her forehead and went back out to join Demie.

---

On the way back to town we parked in a campground. Kate was stuck in her lab in her current state, so it was just Demie and me, sitting on a log next to each other.

Demie started a fire in the campsite pit and stepped forward with the two pieces of the Eroji disc in hand. "Bye, brother," she said, and tossed them into the flame.

There was a high-pitched keening sound, almost like a little scream, as the plastic melted and the polycarbonate inside burned.

---

Yesterday...

Eros sat in his dark little theater and watched from the TV screen as his command forced Demie to take the soul of her master with a kiss. He missed the rush that came from sucking someone's soul from their mouth, but his current situation was far better. Every time he made the stupid humans rut, especially when it forbidden, like incest resulting in pregnancy, he increased in power and was able to evolve himself, improving on the original board game design and eventually progressing to video games. The stupid warlock who had locked him in the game so many years ago had no idea of what he was about to unleash on the Internet.

As Tom slumped back onto the couch, lifeless, Demie looked down at his body. "Tom?"

Time to go, sis, Eros thought. Hell itself would call her back, now that her summoner was dead, and all she could do in the meantime was play the game.

"Tom!" She stood up.

Eros froze. "You can't do that," he said stupidly, "you have to play the game."

Then she turned to the screen, her skin a vibrant red and her eyes blazing, almost blinding. Were her horns longer?

"What...what...?" Eros stood up himself, startled.

Demie screamed. Eros had tortured his sister from time to time down in Hell -- hell, the whole family did; that's just what you did down there -- but he'd never heard her like this before.

"Sis..." he called out from the screen. She screamed again as she stepped forward, with effort, as if struggling against an invisible barrier that was slowly giving way. He could feel her pushing back, and winning!

"Stop!" he yelled, panicking. "You can't! Play the game! Play the game!"

"Aaiieee!!" Demie screamed as her tail lashed out with far more power than should have been possible, the barbed tip piercing the plastic of the game console.

Eros was thrown to the floor of his theater as his world shook apart. "No...no..." He could only watch as she closed the gap and brought her fists down on the damaged Playstation 4. "Nooooo!!!"

---

"Nooo..." Demie heard one last, tiny scream from Eros as the fire consumed him, and then it was quiet. Back to Hell you go, brother, she thought.

---

"I'm cold," I said. Winter was coming. Oh shit, I realized, the time jump caused me to miss the last season of Game of Thrones!

"I'll keep you warm."

I looked up. Demie was naked, in her full demon form, her horns prominent, her tail thrashing with pent-up energy. Her hooves moved to either side of my legs as she stood over me. I looked up at her red skin and...she had trimmed her bush! I could see her glistening pussy lips.

I quickly unfastened and pulled down my jeans as she sat down in my lap. She rubbed her pussy along my cock, which had quickly filled with blood, and pulled my face to her breasts. As I took one dark red nipple into my mouth, she sighed.

Her body was giving off a lot of heat, so I was no longer cold. I felt her reach down and then the head of my cock was surrounded by an even more intense heat. I pulled off of her nipple and looked up at her beautiful face, a combination of Janis Joplin at her sexiest, Demi Moore, and my ex-girlfriend Laura as the succubus slid all the way down my cock.

She looked back down at me, and I realized that she had a look on her face that I'd never seen before. Only on Laura's and Kate's faces, really. No, that couldn't be right...

"I want to feel close to you..." Demie said, and moved forward to kiss me.

I froze, and just before our lips touched she put her hand over my mouth and kissed her intervening fingers. My breathing was going crazy from the heart attack I almost had.

She grunted in frustration and started to ride me. Unlike the furious movements that usually accompanied our sex, she humped me slowly. She moved her mouth down to my neck, kissing me there. I knew from previous times that she could kiss any part of me other than my lips without killing me. I put my arms around her, holding her close.

"Don't leave me again..." she breathed into my ear, and then she nibbled my earlobe.

"I...I won't," I replied, and kissed her neck.

Her movements increased, though nowhere near her usual demanding tempo. I reached down and pulled her hips toward mine, grinding our crotches together, and we both gasped at the pleasure.

She pulled back and looked into my eyes. Unlike the times she had done this to control me, her eyes weren't glowing. I stared back. Her red eyes were so beautiful...

Her hips moved faster. Her mouth came closer. This was dangerous...I felt her breath on my lips.

Danger...excitement...all intertwined. We reached our mutual orgasm, grinding ourselves together as I released what felt like a torrent of sperm inside her.

She reared back, crying out in orgasm as she felt it. "Oh, Tom..." she moaned. I took her other nipple into my mouth as her spasming channel sucked the rest of my seed from me.

I breathed heavily as we hugged again, still joined. After a few minutes I felt extremely tired; it had been a hell of a day.

"Come here," she urged, and lay back and to the side. Still inside her, though my cock was shrinking, I went down with her. We were both lying on the ground now, though her body shielded me from the cold earth. I felt her shift, twining around me, and within a few seconds she had shaped herself into a fleshy sleeping bag, holding me fast, my penis still within her.

Feeling warm and safe, I slept.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)