Author: mypenname3000
Title: Daughter's Mind-Controlling Invention
Summary: A daughter has a plan to free her father from her fat, bossy mother! This naughty daughter will use her genius to have Daddy all to herself.
Keywords: MF mc inc oral anal 1st breed

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: A fan commissioned this story!

I always admired my dad for being a great inventor as much as I despised my mother for being a lazy leech.

He was brilliant, and she was a parasite. A blood-sucking mosquito feasting off his genius, an intestinal worm that sapped his ambition, and a cordyceps fungus that had burrowed into his brain to control him like a puppet. I hated her. Loathed her.

So I did what my dad should have done a long, long time ago. I invented a solution.

That's amazing, Daddy, I said over the Zoom meeting. I was in my room at home and he was in his lab at his company. I put it in quotes because it should only be his company, but Mom had gotten her grubby, little hands on it. Her sausage fingers on it. Once she had, she had wrested it from him. That's a wonderful invention. I love it.

I flashed a thumbs up on the screen.

Your mother's not sure it's marketable, Dad said, his face falling. He was a slender man, a little underfed and pale from spending much of his time in his lab. His dark-brown hair was messy, his glasses askew. I thought he was handsome. She thinks I just wasted the company's resources. His shoulders sagged. He sighed. She wants me to get back on the washer machine. She feels household appliances have a much great revenue stream.

But that's so boring, I said. What do you want to do, Daddy?

He hesitated. I mean... your mother's usually right about these things. She did go to business school.

Night business school, I muttered beneath my breath. 

So I just think that I should turn my attention back to getting the washer machine working. It'll make her happy. 

She doesn't care if you're happy, Daddy, I muttered. 

Of course she does, honey, Dad said. He smiled at me. I have to go.

Yeah, yeah, I hear Mom cracking that whip, I said, shaking my head.

You should get along better with your mother. She's coming by to talk to you. She's not happy that you're not going to college.

You didn't go to college, I said. There are better ways to learn than moldering my brain in mediocrity then to lower myself to be around the dullards of the world. Like Mom.

You really should go, Dad said. It's a great social experience. He glanced at the wall. My breaks over. You know your mother hates it when I'm not productive. See you later, honey. Love you.

Love you, too, Daddy, I said, my stomach churning with anger. It boiled in me. Why did my dad ever marry Mom? She was so common. Such trash. Because of pussy, I supposed. Mom gave it to Dad. That's where the leeching really began. She fed on his seed and made him an idiot in one area of his life.

I readied for Mom to show up. She usually was too busy for me. I had been raised by nannies and tutors, sent to elite private schools. I hated it all. It wasn't the life I wanted. My mother's fat fingers wanted to mold me to be just like her.

I waited for her in the living room. I hummed as I sat there, wearing a dress. It would infuriate her. It was out of the fifties. Sleeveless, fitted tight in the bodice and snug at the waist with a skirt that spilled down to my ankles. I patted my blonde hair. I had it styled just like June Cleaver. I smiled as I heard the door open. 

Emily, darling, Mom called in that fake voice she used, squeezing it up into the higher register. Where's my little queen?

Right here, Mother, I said, standing up and smoothing my skirt.

Mom strode in, her fat bulk squeezed into a power suit like something Hillary Clinton would wear. Pastel pink with a pencil skirt that her bulbous ass filled out. Her blouse hugged the muffin top waist she had. She wore a pearl necklace that fit snugly between the folds of two of her three chins. Her hair, dyed blonde, was pulled up into a severe bun. She did that to look smarter. Those and the fake glasses that didn't fit her pudgy, greasy face.

Now what is this... outfit? Mom asked, staring at me in confusion. And that haircut, Emily? I know I told you to cut it short, but I meant a bob or something, not...

What's wrong with my hair, Mother? I asked, smiling with all the empty-headed, vacuous effort I could. I think it's perfect for tending the house. Doesn't get in the way of cleaning.

We have maids for that, she said, her brow knitting. I'm concerned for you, Emily. I hear you turned down going to Harvard and Cornell. I worked very hard to secure you those opportunities. We need more girls like you out there in the business world.

Like me? I asked, cocking my head to the side. Whatever do you mean, Mother?

What is up with this Stepford Wife crap? Mom waddled forward. Where's that fierce queen who gets shit done? She snapped her fingers before her. Where's that fire, Emily? That hunger. If you're afraid, don't be. You're my daughter. You're going to be amazing. There's nothing you can't do. You can be a CEO just like me. Show those men who's in charge now.

Us girls? I asked with all the vapid confusion I could.

Yes, us girls, Mom hissed, her pudgy face growing red. What the fuck is up with you, Emily? You're creeping me out. Don't tell me you really want to... to...

Be a housewife? I asked. A homemaker? To raise my husband's kids while he works?

Yes! She raised her finger and waggled it. I didn't raise you to be weak. No daughter of mine is going to be a mewling little quim that kneels before her husband and begs to have a few dollars to get her hair done. I won't have you barefoot and pregnant while your piece of shit husband spends all his day at work leaving you in domestic bondage.

But Mother, isn't in my right to choose? I asked. To be a wife and mother or a miserable, fat cow running a company.

Fat cow? Fury crossed her face. You will show me some goddamn respect! I've earned it!

How? I sneered, dropping my act. Tell me, Mother, what did you do to earn it besides latching onto Dad's cock and sucking out all his drive, all his ambition, with that loose, flabby cunt?

Her face mottled red. You little bitch, you think you can talk to me like that? Do you know what I have done? What I have built?

Stealing Dad's ideas then hiring some smart men to run the company and make the real decisions while you play boss girl CEO and live out your fantasies that you're someone that matters. Going to your little cocktail parties and tittering with your vapid 'friends' about all the smart decisions you steal from Dad and Mitch and Carl and Steve. You take the credit for men's work and think that makes you more than a whore!

Her lower jaw trembled.

Come on, Mother, I snarled. Yas queen it up! I snapped my fingers before her. Come on. Show me how you're the boss bitch. In charge of all those quivering beta males you hire. All those fucking sycophantic 'yes men' that run the company for you while you play out your fantasy that you're powerful. That you're in charge. Without men, you're just a fat bitch squeezed into an outfit three seizes too small for your bloated ass!

I will not stand for this, Emily, she hissed. I will

Suck more of the life from Daddy? I snarled. Control his creativity? Compromise his vision because you have stolen his balls and beat him down with all your criticism. I'm done letting your ruin him!

And just what do you think you're going to do about it, little girl? she demanded. Do you have the girl-balls to step up to your mother? I didn't grow up in a mansion with maids to wipe my cunt after I took a piss! I grew up in a trailer. I watched my dad beat my mother when he got drunk. And I can show you how he did it.

I smirked. Bully to the end. Just like with dad. You're an abuser.

And your father is too dumb to think about the uses of his products! Mom snarled back. You think he's so perfect, but without my business skills, not a single thing he invented would be a success.

He founded the company before he married you. He was already having success, then you weaseled in with your night school degree. You tricked him into thinking you could do the day to day. He trusted you, and you repaid it by crushing him. Making him work on the most mundane things.

Things that have a good profit margin and reliable revenue streams! 

That's the mediocrity in you, Mother! I snarled. You don't see the greatness he could have achieved. He could have been a Mark Zuckerburg or an Elon Musk. A Steve Jobs, Mother. He could have changed the world if you hadn't smothered him in your stupidity.

She smiled, full of cruel promise like she was some queen that had all this power. She thought she stood taller than me not realizing she was just standing on the backs of the men she crushed. But me...

Do you want to see what I invented, Mother? I said and turned to the couch. I pulled a pillow aside and produced this futurist ray gun. It was something right out of a Fifties sci-fi movie. Something corny. Something at home in Flash Gordon.

I spun around and aimed it at her.

Congratulations, Mother sneered, clapping her hands. You made a toy that won't sell.

I made a hypnobeam, I said. I can change people's minds with it. On the lowest settings, I can modify them a little bit. Make them do a specific command. Or if I put it on full blast I twisted the knob on the side from One to Eleven. I can wipe their original mind and replace it with something of my own creation.

That's the dumbest thing I have ever heard, Mother said. You think you're so great, that I'm such a failure, then you're cut off. No money. No help. You can

I pulled the trigger. The pink light bathed her face. Full intensity. I smiled as my mother's features slackened. Her jaw dropped. Her lower lip quivered. Her entire body went limp. She just stood with not a thought in her brain.

You are to go far, far away and be a fat, cheap whore at a truck stop, I said. Your Lottie the Lot Lizard now. Scurry off. Go. Have fun sucking trucker cock, whore.

Her new personality settled in on her. She stumbled away like a zombie. She would build a new life for herself. I wondered how long she lasted sucking dicks for five dollars in the back of truck cabs. It was all she was good for. Daddy deserved a much better wife.

Now I just had to wait for Daddy to come home. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What do you mean, she's gone? Dad asked. He looked so stunned as he sank in the chair.

She said she was done, I said, feeling so elated. That she was tired of being a fraud and holding you back. She didn't run the company. Mitch, Carl, and Steve do that, Daddy. And they've been held back as much as you while she played at CEO. Her words. She was sobbing. So she fled. She signed the divorce papers.

I did. Forging her signature.

She hates herself and wants us to be free of her, I added. It's in the note.

I had made an invention that let me mimic anyone's handwriting then used some Natural Learning AI to adopt her writing style. It was simple stuff.

See? I handed it to dad. Handwritten. She's confessing to it all. The affairs. How she feared taking risks so she made you shelf all your brilliant ideas. How she beat you down.

But... but...

He looked so broken. So betrayed. The pain in his eyes made me want to weep. But he had to know just what a fat, treacherous, disgusting whore he'd married. Some cow who bought into all that feminist crap that she could do whatever she wanted. She had been fed validation and not given an ounce of criticism. No one had ever told her that she was a moron. Had ever said her ideas were stupid.

This was the result.

Here, Daddy, I said, heading to the kitchen. I poured two glasses of wine. In his, I dropped a little chemical I invented. It would heighten his aggression. Make him more assertive. Restore all that testosterone Mom sucked out of him.

She had found her meal ticket and latched on like a remora onto a shark. She had nearly bled him dry, but I would restore him to that man he was. He would go back to so many of those projects that he had shelved. That he had been convinced had no marketability. He would no longer be a nail pounded down to lie flush with the others. He would stick up to stub toes. To make changes.

And he would see other opportunities. 

I headed to him, my low-cut top cupping my large breasts. I was blessed with a big pair of F-cups that were overflowing my dress. I had worked out every day. I had a fit figure. My short skirt swayed as I hurried back to him. 

I sat down beside him and handed him the wine.

She really left me? he croaked, staring at me so lost.

You don't need her, Daddy, I said. She gave you one good thing. Me. I have all the best of you and what little good there was in her. Mainly her tits. She did have a big pair of tits. You have me, Daddy. I'm here for you. To support you, not suck you dry. Drink.

But... He took the glass of wine. I don't know how to run the company. She knew all the business stuff.

Dad, she sat in her office playing Boss Bitch CEO. She just rubber-stamped decisions and stole credit at cocktail parties when she wasn't banging her assistant. I smiled at him and put my hand on his knee. Trust me, things are going to be better. Drink your wine.

He did. He gulped it down. It was loaded with chemicals that would increase his serotonin and his testosterone. Serotonin was a very important neurotransmitter. It made you confident and assertive. When you won, you got more of it, leading to you being even more dominating which would lead to more serotonin levels. 

But when you had a harpy beating you down, you lost it. Which made you more and more spineless. It was a very primitive reaction. It was what separated the male who fucked all the females from the male who slunk around on the outside who never got to mate. The lion who ruled the pride, the alpha wolf who led the pack, the stallion who had a harem of mares trotting around with him. 

Dad was about to become king lion again.

He sat up straighter and straighter with each sip. He shifted, his confidence swelling in him. I could see it as he drank more and more of the wine. His testosterone levels were rising. That would make him more aggressive, too. More sexual. A conqueror. 

You don't need her, Daddy, I purred, leaning forward so my large tits dangled before his vision. You don't need that bitch because you have me. I smiled, my hand sliding higher. I can be everything that you thought she would be. Supportive. Loving. Managing the home while you invent and run your company. You're a genius, Daddy. It's time you take your place in history.

He glanced down at my cleavage and polished off his wine. What are you doing, honey?

Doing, Daddy? I asked with complete innocence. I'm not doing anything, Daddy.

Yes, you are, he said. How you're dressed. Jesus, you're trying to seduce me.

Don't young, nubile women always want to seduce great men, I moaned, my hand sliding higher. We're drawn to greatness. You burn so bright. I'm just a moth that can't help but drift near you.

I'm your father! he growled, his voice already so much stronger. 

And you're a genius. I slid my hand over his crotch. I rubbed at his cock through his slacks. You're like what Nietzsche wrote. The Ubermensch. You're greater than the average man. Should you be bound by their petty morality? Their limiting rules. Aren't you beyond such pedantic ideas as good and evil? Right and wrong. I thought you were a man who had the will to seize what he wanted!

And you want me, Daddy. I squeezed his hard cock through his slacks. You want me so badly.

He stared at me, the chemicals working on his brain were doing their thing. I had added one more thing to the concoction. Oxytocin. The neurochemical that created peer-bonding. Love. I needed to flush the shackles that Mother had on his mind and replace them.

With me.

I leaned forward, my hand kneading his dick. Be that great man who seizes the world. Who takes what he wants. Let me be more than your daughter. Let me be the perfect wife. Raising our kids properly. I'll keep the household maintained while you invent and create and revolutionize the world, Daddy. Seize your future!

Seize me!

I released my hold on his cock and stood up before him. I turned around and wiggled my cute rump at him, the short skirt barely falling over my ass. I bent over more, flashing the thong I wore. The three chemicals were burning through his brain. He would erupt. 

Right? Had I made a mistake? What if I didn't have the chemical ratio down to give him this nudge to violate the taboo. To seize something young and forbidden.

I was Eve holding all the Knowledge of Good and Evil in my hand. He just had to bite.

Emily, he growled, his chair sliding back as he stood up. I could see it in his eyes. I had done it. He grabbed the bubbly cheeks of my rump through my skirt. He squeezed and kneaded me. I shuddered at the heat of his touch. Goddamn, do you know what you are doing to me?

Yes, Daddy, I purred as he kneaded my rump. I'm setting you free to be great!

What was in that wine? he demanded, his fingers sliding into my butt-crack.

Just what you need to be a winner again, I purred. You thought you were one when you met Mom. That you hit the jackpot with her. You were young, and she had big tits. She was pretty cute. But she wasn't what you thought she was. She was a trap that you fell in. That won't happen with me. I'll do all the things that bitch wouldn't. I'll be what you want in a wife.

What's that?

Someone as smart as you who will stay home and take care of the house. The kids. Your legacy. You just have to be great. I leaned back. And I'm the first of those perks. Young. Nubile. Just what a man in his forties needs. Nineteen-year-old pussy.

Illegal pussy. Forbidden pussy.

Doesn't that just make it hotter? I purred. 

Fuck, he growled, his fingers sliding into my butt-crack. This is insane, Emily. Just insane.

I threw a look over my shoulder. Do you want to go back to working on washer machines? Or do you want to change the fucking world, Daddy!

He grabbed my shoulders, spun me around, and pinned me to the table. His lips were on mine. I shuddered, tasting the wine as my daddy kissed me with such force. Such hunger. My cunt clenched with the thrill of this moment. My heart beat. It was wild. The blood surged through me.

His tongue thrust into my mouth. He claimed me. His hands slid up my low-cut top and squeezed my large breasts through it. I wore no bra beneath, my nipples poking at the material. He ran his thumbs over them, sending tingles down my body to my cunt.

I quivered against him, loving what he did to me. This was so awesome. My tongue thrust into his mouth and danced about with his. A shiver ran through me. I loved every moment of this. My cunt blazed with such heat. 

He broke that kiss and stared down at me. At my tits. At my body. Show me! Show me just what you will do for me!

I smiled as he backed up. I pulled off my top. My breasts spilled out. They were so big and round. He stared at them, panting. I twisted my nipples. Pleasure shot down to my cunt. My pussy clenched with my excitement, soaking my thong. 

I'm going to suck that dick, I purred. I'm going to kneel before you and bob my mouth up and down your big cock, Daddy. I slid my hands up my thighs, stroking myself. Will you show it to me? Show me how big your dick is, Daddy?

Fuck, he groaned and my hands shoved up beneath my skirt. I peeled off my panties as he fumbled to undo his belt. He watched me drag down my thong. Emily... Jesus, honey, you really want me.

Of course, Daddy. I cooed, bending over, my big tits swaying. I shoved my thong past my knees and let it drop. I straightened and stepped out of the dainty underwear. Don't you want me? Haven't you been lusting after me for years? I've seen the porn you've been spanking it to. Step-daughter porn. How naughty. It... inspired me.

He opened his fly and shoved down his slacks and his boxers. His cock sprang out. I shuddered at seeing my first one in person. Oh, I had watched lots of porn, research for my seduction. I had to be the virgin slut for my Daddy. He had to know that I would do anything for him, but that no man had ever touched me before today. 

And no man but him ever would.

I fell to my knees before him, my skirt swirling, my shaved pussy dripping with my excitement. My tits swayed back and forth as I leaned in and grabbed his cock. I shuddered at the incestuous contact of his big dick. 

This was so amazing. So wonderful. He throbbed in my hand. I felt the wild beat of my dad's heart. His desire for me. He loosened his tie as he stared down at me. I licked my lips and winked at him. He groaned, his dick twitching hard.

I licked the tip of his cock.

He groaned as my tongue stroked over the crown of his dick. I caressed his wonderful, spongy crown and gathered the precum beading out. The salty flavor of his masculine promise spilled over my tongue. I closed my eyes, savoring it.

I slid my lips over his cock. I engulfed his dick. As I did, something that bitch said to me echoed in my mind. Emily, darling, never suck a man's cock. Never demean yourself to kneel before him. You are the one with the power. He's a dog. He'll happily sniff at your pussy or ass. Let him. Make sure he knows his place.

Well, I knew my place.

I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down Daddy's dick. I suckled hard on him, my cheeks hollowing as I loved his dick. He groaned, his cock throbbing into my mouth. My tongue danced over him. I licked and lapped at him with all the hunger I could muster.

He groaned, his cock twitching in my mouth. I loved the way he throbbed as I stroked the base of his dick. How his precum spilled over me. I closed my eyes. I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his manly shaft.

Emily! he groaned, unbuttoning his shirt. He was a slender man, but he wasn't skinny. He had a runner's build. Damn, you're just... Fuck, your mother never did this. Not after she had you.

I suckled on him knowing I wouldn't stop blowing him. I loved doing this. I felt so womanly, my boobs bouncing and jiggling as I worked my mouth up and down his cock. My cheeks hollowed. The drool ran down my chin.

His hands balled into fists. He groaned as I suckled on him hard. His precum spilled over my mouth. My blonde hair danced around my face as I loved him. I worshiped my daddy's cock and savored the salty flavor of his precum.

Oh, yes, yes, that's so good, honey, he growled. Oh, damn, it's been a while since your mother touched me. That's so good. Fuck, why did I let her just walk all over me? That fucking cow. Why did I take her abuse?

He grabbed fistfuls of my blonde hair and thrust forward.

I squealed in delight as he fucked my mouth. He rammed that cock forward with such dominance. He showed me just who was in charge here. I loved it. I suckled on him, nursing with all the passion I had. My cheeks hollowed as he plunged his cock to the back of my throat.

I groaned, nursing hard on him. My tongue danced about him. I loved the taste of him. The salty flavor of his skin and his precum. Drool ran down my chin. My boobs heaved and slapped together. I loved everything that he did to me.

I suckled with all my passion. I loved him with everything that I had.

Why was I her fucking floor mat?! he growled. I'm fucking better than her. Yes, yes, Emily, I am going to fucking take the company far. Shit!

He erupted.

His cum flooded out of his cock and pumped into my mouth. I groaned, loving that delight. I savored every spurt. Every blast of the salty spunk he fired. I gulped it down. His incestuous seed warmed my belly. I quivered in delight.

Yes, yes, honey, drink your father's cum! he growled. Drink it all down.

I moaned, my eyes staring up at his. They were so strong now. The man I knew my daddy could be. My virgin pussy clenched. The hunger to have is big dick ram into me filled me. I swallowed all his jizz, gulping it down as my twat melted for his cock.

I wanted him to pump me full of his seed.

He spurted a final time. I closed my eyes, moaning my delight as I nursed his cock dry. I worked out every drop of cum I could. I savored every bit of it. This heat rushed through me. I felt so amazing. A shiver ran through me.

Damn, Daddy groaned. Oh, damn, that was good. That was damned good.

I winked at him. I knew this was just what he needed. The win to put my daddy back in that conquering mindset. The chemicals were at work. All natural. Just what a man needed to be the alpha male and seize what he wanted.

I slid my mouth off his cock. I'm so ready for you, Daddy. I've never been with anyone. I'm a virgin. My cherry is yours, Daddy. I'm yours. Make me your wife. The mother of your children. Let's make a better generation. Breed me, Daddy!

Fuck, he groaned, his eyes wild. He stepped out of his slacks and boxers bunched around his feet. Then he picked me up. You know what you've unleashed, Emily.

My daddy's big cock that's going to ram into my tight, little pussy and make me cum, I purred. Make me into your daughter-wife. Your daughter-slut.

Goddamn, he growled as he carried me through the house to his bedroom. Not the bedroom he shared with Mom. They hadn't had the same room since we moved into this modern monstrosity. I am going to hold you to that, Emily.

Good, I purred as we headed upstairs and to his room. He threw it open, his bed hardly slept in. He spent so much time at the lab. He had his own cot there. Mom loved it. The less she saw of him, the happier she was.

Well, now she wouldn't see any of him. I bet she must be so thrilled to suck her first trucker dick. Just salivating to slide her lips around that dirty cock and suck. Not me. I had a big, clean, manly shaft to love with my lips.

Daddy sat me down on the bed with such care. My skirt still covered my pussy. He hadn't seen it yet. I smiled at him and spread my thighs, the short skirt riding up my lush thighs to unveil my shaved, tight slit. My vulva must be dripping in my sweet pussy cream.

Goddamn, he groaned as he stared at my virgin twat.

No one has ever touched my pussy, Daddy, I cooed. Nineteen years, and you're the first but me to ever stroke it. To feel how soft it is. Mmm, I am so ready for you to ram that big dick into me. Just slam that cock to the hilt in my cunt, Daddy. Just fuck me so hard.

He grinned and slid onto the bed between my spread thighs. His strong hands touched them. He stroked me with suck confidence, his eyes locked on the virgin pussy he would soon get to deflower. He would ram past my hymen and make me cum.

You are something else, he said, shaking his head. You know that? Just something remarkable, Emily.

I beamed at him. That's wonderful to hear, Daddy. I want to be remarkable for you. I want to make you proud.

God, you do, he growled, his hands stroking my thighs in just the right way to make me shiver. I'm going to ravish you. Just fuck you so hard. How does that sound?

Wonderful, Daddy, I moaned, my pussy clenching. I want that so much. Just slam into me. Fuck me so hard. I'm so wet and ready for you.

Bur first... His hands reached my vulva. His thumbs swept up my tight slit. I had one of those pussies where my inner labia didn't peak out. Not until I spread my thighs far, far apart. 

Daddy used his thumbs to pry them open even more. He had to be staring at my hymen. He groaned as he looked down on the cheery he was about to pop. I shuddered, so ready to be deflowered by my daddy.

So goddamn beautiful, he groaned. Oh, honey, you have such a gorgeous pussy.

Thank you, Daddy, I moaned.

He leaned down and buried his face into it. I gasped in shock as he licked his tongue across my hymen. I shuddered as he stroked the virtuous membrane that proved I wasn't a whore like Mommy had been. She would have been fucked by every sleazebag in her trailer park before she met dad. That tramp.

Not me. Only Daddy would ever love me.

Daddy's tongue stroked over my hymen. I shuddered in delight. My thighs squeezed about his face as he licked at my pussy. He brushed my little clit. Pleasure burst from it and showered through my cunt. I groaned and shuddered.

You don't have to demean yourself by eating my pussy, Daddy, I moaned. I'm not that bitch. I won't make you do it.

I want to eat your pussy, he growled. You sucked my cock like you loved it. Don't be surprised I want to devour your cunt. It's so fucking sweet and fresh. No one's ever done this to you.

He licked from my taint to my clit, sliding over my hymen. I shuddered, my bud throbbing with delight. I grabbed my big boobs and moaned, No, Daddy!

He licked at me again and again. He lapped at me with hunger. He feasted on me with such passion. I trembled, loving what he did to me. My heart pounded. This wild beat raced through me as he lapped at my cunt.

I quivered and squeezed my thighs around him. I humped my pussy against his mouth. I shuddered as he licked and lapped at me with such hunger. My boobs jiggled in my squeezing hands as he devoured me. His tongue slid along my pussy walls.

Oh, Daddy, I groaned. Oh, yes, yes, Daddy. That's so amazing!

Mmm, and so tasty, he growled. My greatest invention right here.

Daddy, I whimpered, my heart melting. There was that oxytocin at work. 

He licked at my pussy, lapping at my folds. He nuzzled against my hymen, his tongue poking at the hole in the middle of it, but not hard enough to break it. I shuddered as he did that. My heart pounded in my chest, pumping heat through my veins.

I whimpered and moaned as my orgasm built faster and faster. I groaned, my face contorting with the need to cum. That powerful burst of pleasure built. His tongue found my clit again. He swirled about it. Then he sealed his lips about it.

He suckled. Nibbled. My clit throbbed with delight.

Daddy, yes! I whimpered. Oh, Daddy, you're going to make me cum.

That's the point, he groaned and suckled hard on my clit.

I exploded.

The pleasure burst through me. I gasped in delight. The rapture surged through me. It splashed over my mind. My thoughts brimmed with such excitement. I quivered and humped against him. Juices gushed out of me and into his mouth.

He licked up my flood of sweet cream. My boobs bounced and heaved as I squealed in delight. The pleasure swept through my body. It was incredible to enjoy every moment of it. The pleasure splashed over my mind.

Daddy! I whimpered.

His tongue licked and lapped at my pussy, gathering up the juices that spilled out of me. He drank all that cream that gushed out of me. I shuddered, my heart beating so fast. I shuddered on the bed, stars bursting across my vision.

Oh, yes, Emily! he growled, drinking my pleasure.

Take my cherry, Daddy! I howled. I'm so ready for you! Make me into your woman. Your wife and slut. Breed me. Breed me with your virile seed!

Goddamn, he growled and rose up my body. He loomed over me, my pussy juices coating his strong lips and chiseled chin. His cock thrust out at my pussy.

I grabbed it and guided his dick to where he belonged. I pressed him into my shaved twat. I rubbed him up and down my vulva until I felt him pressing right on my hymen. Right against my cherry. It was time for him to pop me. 

Make me yours, Daddy! I squealed as his cock pushed on my hymen.

Emily! he groaned and thrust. 

My naughty membrane stretched. I quivered, my big boobs jiggling. I squeezed my green eyes shut as my maidenhead gave way. My cherry popped before the majesty of his cock. He buried his rod into the pussy he had deflowered and now ruled.

Daddy! I squealed in rapture as his cock went deeper and deeper into my cunt. I welcomed him in, my thighs wrapping around his waist.

There was so much of him. His cock so long. So thick. He went deeper and deeper into my cunt, stretching me out more and more. I quivered as his dick fully sank into me. I gasped in delight as I savored his big shaft fully in me, his balls resting on my taint. 

He stared down at me with those warm, brown eyes. They brimmed with such love for me. Such passion. I was so excited for this. I squeezed my cunt down around his cock, so glad that I had his dick in me. That I was his woman.

He leaned down and embraced me. His chest pressed against me, my nipples rubbing into his hair. This wonderful thrill shot through me. I squeezed my cunt down on him, loving him being on me. My heart beat with the thrill of this moment.

Fuck me, Daddy, I moaned. Just pound me with that big dick.

Yes! he groaned and kissed me.

I gasped, his lips coated in my pussy cream. That sweet delight. I shuddered at the wicked thrill, my twat clenching down on him. He pumped away at me. He fucked me with that wonderful cock. My body trembled beneath his.

I loved this. I savored his every thrust into me. My nipples throbbed against his chest. His curly hairs tickled my nubs while his balls slapped into my taint. They brimmed with his incestuous seed that would breed me.

Maybe not tonight, but soon. I was so fertile. So ready to have my daddy's baby.

His tongue thrust into my mouth. He swirled it around in me as he pumped away at my pussy. I clenched my twat down on him. I shuddered as he drilled into me again and again. I loved how his balls slapped into my taint. I shuddered.

Breaking the kiss, I moaned, You're going to breed me, Daddy. You're going to pump me full of all that cum. Just shower me in all that wonderful jizz.

Yes, yes, yes! he panted, pumping away at me. He fucked me with such passion. Emily, honey... God, you're tight. Your mother was never tight.

Because I'm better than that bitch! I moaned, my pussy squeezing about my daddy's cock. The friction swelled my orgasm. Oh, Daddy, I'm going to cum on this dick. Just explode on your big, manly shaft!

Good, he growled. I want to feel a woman cumming on my dick. Yes, yes, I want to feel my daughter spasming around my cock.

Yes, Daddy! I gasped as he drilled into me hard. I'm just so close. Oh, a few more strokes.

I squeezed my cunt down on his thick shaft. He plowed into me so hard. So fast. I shuddered, my toes curling as he drilled into me with that wonderful dick. The friction swelled the pressure. My nipples adding tingling delight that shot down to my cunt.

Daddy, I whimpered as he buried to the hilt in me. Yes!

My pussy went wild around my daddy's cock.

My cunt spasmed and worshiped him as the torrent of pleasure shot through me. My pussy rippled around him. Writhed. I suckled at him with my hungry hole. I quivered beneath him, my toes curling as I milked him.

It was incredible worshiping his cock with my hungry pussy. I whimpered, the pleasure spilling through me. I tossed my head from side to side as my cunt nursed at him. I wanted him to fire all that cum into me.

Flood me, Daddy! Flood me!

He groaned and drilled his cock into me. Yes! he gasped. Oh, honey, yes!

His cock erupted. His jizz fired into my snatch. I groaned, my cunt writhing around his erupting dick. He pumped his incestuous seed into me. I gasped as he groaned, his face twisting in delight. I stared up at him in awe.

You're breeding me, Daddy!

Emily! he grunted, spurting more and more of his cum into me.

I loved it. My pussy writhed around his dick. I worked out every drop of cum that he had. He flooded me with his thick and fecund seed. I shuddered, my nipples rubbing into his chest. I quivered through all that wonderful passion.

I milked him dry. He groaned as he pumped the last of his cum into my snatch. He pooled in me, soaking my cervix. He stared down into my eyes. They brimmed with such love for me. I smiled at him, cupping his face.

I love you so much, Daddy, I purred. And I may have added something to give you a bit more virility tonight. So... I want to show you I'll do anything for you. I want you to have all my cherries. All my holes.

Anal? he breathed in awe.

I nodded.

God, I love you, Emily! he groaned and kissed me.

I shuddered beneath him, my asshole so ready for this. Our tongues danced for a moment, then he pulled out of me. It was clear that he wanted to ram his cock into my bowels and make me cum so hard. I was so ready for it, too.

His dick slid out of my pussy. I shuddered and rolled over. His seed leaked out of my pussy as wiggled my ass at him. I hugged a pillow to me that was full of his scent. I breathed in his manly aroma as he groaned behind me.

That ass, Emily, he panted, parting my butt-cheeks, his hand digging into them. That's an amazing ass. You did get your mother's best parts.

He pressed his cock in between my butt-cheeks and found my anal ring and thrust. My asshole stretched and stretched. His cock, wet with my pussy juices, pressed harder. I whimpered into the pillow then gasped as he popped inside.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned.

His cock slid into my asshole. He went deeper and deeper into my flesh. I shuddered, my head tossing. I groaned, my anal ring swallowing his cock. It was incredible to feel him sliding deeper and deeper into my flesh. A shiver ran through me as I enjoyed this delight. It was a fantastic heaven. A wondrous treat.

His cock sank deeper and deeper into my bowels. I shuddered, squeezing about him. He groaned as he buggered me. His wiry pubic hair rubbed onto my butt-cheeks, his balls dangling over my taint. I had done it.

All three holes were his.

Daddy! I love you!

Love you, too, Emily! he groaned and gripped my hips.

He drew back his cock. My bowels clenched to him. I loved the feel of his big dick drawing out of me. It was such an awesome delight. I quivered, my heart racing as more and more of his cock emerged from my bowels. Then he rammed back into me.

The heat melted to my pussy.

My cunt drank it in, feeding an explosion of rapture that would burst out of my cunt and sweep through my body. I shuddered as he fucked back into me. I rubbed my cheek into the pillow, savoring every thrust. Every plunge.

His crotch slapped my rump, his curls tickling my butt-cheeks. I loved it, my asshole squeezing about his cock. The heat swelled in me. I groaned, my boobs jiggling. I shuddered as he plowed into me deep and hard. 

Yes, yes, yes, I whimpered. Oh, Daddy, fuck my ass. Plow into me so hard!

So fucking hard! he growled, pounding me. I've never done anal. This is amazing!

It is! I squealed, the orgasm building and building in my cunt. Daddy. I'm going to burst!

Good! he growled, thrusting hard and fast.

He pumped away at me, my orgasm swelling faster and faster. I hurtled towards that big burst of bliss. I shuddered, squeezing down on that amazing dick. I shuddered, my face twisting in delight as I quivered on the verge of exploding, my asshole melting around his dick.

Daddy slammed his cock into my asshole. The heat melted down to my cunt and set off my orgasm. I detonated with rapture. My pussy convulsed, cream and Daddy's cum spilling down my thighs as his dick pumped away at my bowels.

Yes! I moaned. Daddy! Daddy! You're such a stud!

Emily, honey, fuck! he groaned, pumping away at my spasming bowels. You're really cumming from being ass-fucked. That's so amazing. Shit!

He buried into my asshole and erupted.

I shuddered as his hot cum now spurted into my last hole. My anal sheath writhed around his erupting cock. The pleasure shot through me. My mind reeled with the ecstasy. I rubbed my cheek into his pillow, cooing out my delight.

He grunted with each spurt. He basted my asshole with all that wonderful cum. He just hosed me down. I shuddered, my body trembling through the rapture. Through the taboo delight of making my daddy into my lover.

My bowels wrung his cock dry.

Emily! he groaned, his hands stroking my body. Oh, that was amazing!

I shuddered, all his cum in my asshole. I sat up and pressed my back into his chest. His hands swept up to my big breasts. I turned my head, my orgasm peaking in me. The delight brimmed through my body as I kissed him on the mouth.

My tongue thrust past his lips. I shuddered, kissing him with such passion. It was wonderful to be his woman. To have driven that horrible cow away. Daddy was free, and I would be at his side. His wife, his lover, his loving daughter.

Perfection. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Three months later...

I hummed as I waited for Daddy to come home. I was two months pregnant with his baby and finally settled into our new house. Not that ugly, modern monstrosity that bitch bought to host cocktail parties in and show off to her disgusting friends.

This was a nice home in a nice neighborhood. Good schools. Low crime. It even had a white picket fence around it. A place for our children to grow up. Daddy was running his company while I took care of the home.

And did some tinkering in the garage. Daddy was very encouraging with my research. There were so many interesting applications for my hypnobeam. The company was thriving as Daddy showed off his first tech product. 

It would change the world. Everyone was seeing him as the genius I knew he could be.

I patted my blonde hair, dinner in the oven, as Daddy pulled into the driveway. I was so eager to greet him and hear about his day. We'd eat, then he would take me upstairs and do such naughty, naughty things to my nubile body.

Everything was perfect.

The door opened. I flew to Daddy, threw my arms around his neck, and kissed him with all my passion. I shared it all with him. This was such a wonderful life we had. 

The END