Age of Aquarius -- Chapter Four: Emily Over the Kitchen Table by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: MF, MMFF, MFg(10), first, oral, anal, preg, romance

Summary: Set in the Summer of Love, 1968, this is the story of how the arrival of a special family at a hippy commune in the Catskills changed the protagonist's life forever. As with most of my stories, this one's really a love story.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



"I've never..." Alice groaned, while I massaged the inside of her asshole with two fingers, stretching her into compliance. Her next couple words were inaudible, but I'm pretty sure they something along the lines of, "I don't think I want to..."

"Shh..." I whispered, and pretended not to know what she was trying to say. Instead, I just leaned over and kissed her on the cheek, and withdrew my fingers.

"I guess..." my high little hippy chick mumbled, mostly inaudible, "...my cherry..."

Taking that for all the permission that was required, I hoisted my large frame atop her small body, spreading her ass cheeks at the same time and positioning my cockhead at her anal entrance. The already‐abused muscle put up some resistance to my entrance, but she was stretched and lubed and ready, and my head passed through the hesitant sphincter and into her.

She clenched her bloodshot eyes closed tight, and whimpered. "It hurts, Daddy!"

"Just relax, baby," I said .

She whimpered more. "I'll try, Daddy."

It didn't seem like she did; she was tense and tight and wasn't loosening up a bit. Nevertheless I whispered "That's my good little princess," and tried to reassuringly pet her on the back, even as I started pumping my hips.

"I'm..." she groaned under the weight of my penetrative assault, "Daddy's... little... princess."

"Daddy's good girl." More reassuring pets while my cock finally started sliding.

"Daddy's... good girl... princess..." As she whimpered these words, she slid her hands down, under her belly. I had to smile when I realized that her fingers were at her clit. Hitchhiker was masturbating. Little hippy princess Alice likes it in the ass after all!

A couple minutes into the affair, I figured that I'd had enough of her ass for one night, and I pulled out. Alice' fingers immediately spread her labia. "Fuck my pussy, Daddy!" she moaned. "Cum in me again!"

I slid right in, slamming deep, and in only three or four solid thrusts, I buried my cock up to the hilt in her sloppy pussyflesh and I filled her little teenage womb with sperm for a second time that night.



Alice was in my bed and sound asleep the next morning, even though it was ten AM when I got up. I threw on some pajama pants and went downstairs for some coffee. Emily Richter was sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee of her own.

"Good morning!" she smiled at me.

"Morning."

"You had fun last night, huh? You look tired."

"Yeah. I need some coffee." I poured myself a mug and added a splash of milk, and sat down at the table with her.

"Those two girls you were with seemed like lots of fun," she said.

"Oh, yeah, you mean Hitchhiker and--"

"They sucked a lot of cock. Like, ten guys?"

"Something like that." I swigged some coffee to clear my head, if only to figure out where Emily was going with this conversation.

"And they did it doggy style with a bunch of guys, too."

"Yep."

"I wish..." she said wistfully. "I've never really done that."

"Well, if you want to have an orgy, you're definitely in the right place."

"No, not an orgy, that's not what I mean. I mean 'doggy style.'"

"You've never done it doggy?"

She shook her head. "And I've never sucked a cock, either. I mean, not properly. I've tried a few times with John, but I don't think he likes it. It reminds him that his parts don't work."

"That makes sense."

"Before John's accident," Emily continued, "we didn't really do foreplay, or anything much at all, really. It was pretty much just me lying on my back, and John done in thirty seconds." She laughed. "It was exciting, but... kinda dull sometimes, you know? For me at least. Probably not for him." She laughed again.

I laughed, too. "Well, we can't have you thinking sex is dull!"

She smiled, even blushing a little--which was a new look for her. "I don't think it's dull. I think it's really exciting, with you."

I smiled. "How 'bout we do it doggy next time? John'll be cool with that, right?"

"Yeah, he'd be cool with it I'm sure. But... We could always do it right now..." She gave me what I suppose was her best attempt at a seductive smile. It wasn't a bad effort, although an astute observer could probably have guessed that she hadn't done much of this in her life.

"Right now? What about John?"

"He's downstairs, in the lab," Emily answered. "You know," she added, working on that same seductive smile, "he doesn't always have to be with us."

"Well, I kinda think that I'm, sort of, 'providing the hardware.' For John, you know?"

Emily blushed some more. This was the first time I'd seen her blush. She did look awfully cute when she blushed.

"You know, like his 'surrogate,'" I continued.

"That's not how I see it," she said, shaking her head slightly. "I've always thought of you as... my lover."

That was a bold statement, coming from Emily Richter. She was a bundle of surprises this morning. I myself loved the idea of Emily as my lover, but I wasn't sure it was a good idea. "John's, like, he's my best friend," I said. "I don't want to go around behind his back."

She smiled. "No, of course not. We wouldn't be 'going behind his back.' He knows how I feel. He understands."

It really didn't take much to convince me. The thought of taking Emily from behind for the first time in her life was definitely appealing. "Okay... so, do you want to lean over the table?" I gave her a mischievous smile. "Or, get down on the floor?"

Now she was blushing hard. "Here?"

"Sure!"

"On the table??"

"It's a fun way to do it." I smiled mischievously some more. "It's not dull."

She grinned back at me. After only a moment's hesitation, she blurted out, "Okay!"

I was definitely surprised that she'd agreed to the idea. Sex, out in the open, on the kitchen table! This was way outside of her comfort zone. I stood, and took her hand, and helped her to her feet.

"What do I do?" she asked, though even as she spoke, she reached down and started unbuttoning her pants. I'd stepped behind her, and now I wrapped my arms around her chest and grabbed her nice full tits with both hands. "Oh my!" she said, turning her head to look at me. I kissed her cheek, and she twisted her head further so that we could kiss on the lips. As we kissed, my hands gave her breasts one last squeeze, then slipped down her belly. While she and I both worked at the buttons of her pants, I pushed the other hand down into her panties, and down further, until my fingers found her excited little puss.

"Jesus, you're wet!" My middle finger was sliding into the silky warmth of her vagina.

"I'm really turned on," she whispered back.

"Me, too," I whispered, too. By now, her pants were unfastened, and I put my hands on her back and I pushed until she was face-down on the table.

"Oh god," she moaned. I yanked her pants and panties down, her round pale ass displayed in front of me.

My pants quickly falling to my ankles, I drove my cock into her, and in three quick pumps, I was balls deep. She was as warm and wet as you could ever imagine, and I grabbed her hips and started fucking her hard, slamming her against the table. Fucking her like she'd never been fucked before. All she could do was just lay there and take it, and this fact seemed to appeal to her quite well. She just moaned, "Oh god, oh god!" over and over.

And right about then is when Alice walked into the room.

"Look at you two," the teenager announced her arrival with a laugh. She was wearing one of my dress shirts, and nothing else, her hair disheveled, her eyes still blood-shot.

Emily quickly stood. "Oh shit!"

"Don't stop on my account!" Alice laughed. "Keep going!"

I was in full agreement with the teenager on this point, so I pushed Emily back down onto the table and slid back in.

"Have you two met?" I said as I grabbed her hips and started rocking. "Emily, this is Alice."

Alice looked over Emily with a grin as she poured herself a coffee. "Nice to meet you, Mrs. Richter," she said.

"Nice to meet you... too... Alice," Emily groaned.

Alice sat down at the table across from us. "This is fun!" She took a sip of her coffee.

"You're..." Emily stuttered, "you're gonna watch?"

"Sure, I like watching." Alice pushed a hand pushing down between her legs. "It's like porn."

Emily laughed, nervous but maybe also a little excited. Maybe a little repressed exhibitionism was welling to the surface? Maybe she liked the idea of starring in her own private porn show? "I guess so!"

"That's why guys like to do it from behind, you know," Alice said. By now, her fingers were diddling hard between her legs. "'Cause they can watch their cock sliding in your pussy, just like they're porn stars!"

"Makes... sense..." Emily groaned. "I've never done it this way before."

"Really? Wow! I love it from behind!"

"Me... too...!"

"I can relate, though," Alice Pussy Diddler said. "Someone did something to me last night that I've never done before. I'm still really sore."

"Oh...? What...?" Em asked as I gripped tight to her hips, slamming into her hard again. What can I say? Having an audience inspired me.

"I got fucked in the ass," Alice bluntly answered Emily's query.

"Oh, god!" Emily groaned.

"He came in my pussy twice, too. I'm surprised you have anything left, Brian."

"Oh, fuck," Emily groaned. "Cum in my pussy, Brian!"

And I obliged, slamming into her hard while she moaned and shook, and Alice diddled herself to orgasm, and all three of us came together in the kitchen that morning.

Man, I gotta say, living in a hippy sex commune was a lot of fun.




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
