A Game of Truth or Dare
by jessicak ©

Introduction

It was a Tuesday afternoon during winter break. Some friends and I were 
sitting around chatting and playing Nintendo. That's when Richard came up 
with the idea of playing truth or dare. I was both excited and scared by 
the proposition of such a game.

Let me set the scene for you. We were hanging out at my parents' house, 
down in the basement. Both of my parents worked, so I was home alone and 
had a few friends over. Two of my best friends, Katie and Ally were there. 
Katie is a tall skinny blond with short hair and not much of a figure. 
Ally was a shorter, dark hair, glasses and a few more curves. There were 
three guys over as well. There was Bruce, the short, skinny small kid in 
the class, wore thick framed glasses, and was relatively considered a 
nerd. There was Dave, who was tall, blond and athletic. He had broad chest 
and firm legs. And there was Richard. He was also athletic, but not a big 
as Dave. He also had short, dark hair. And then there was me. I'm the girl 
that didn't wow the guys, but I did develop early. As a result I got a lot 
of attention, but mainly for my larger chest than my good looks. My name 
is Jessica.

I looked over to Katie and Ally, wondering what their reaction would be. I 
thought I sensed the same kind of fear and excitement that I was also 
feeling. I decided that instead of saying anything, I would just see what 
happens. Dave quickly piped in saying he thought it was a great idea, but 
the girls would chicken out. Thinking back, I'm sure it was a setup, 
because Dave and I had been friends a long time and he knew I was very 
competitive.

"We'd do it, but we know you guys would chicken out before things get 
interesting," I replied.

"Let's make a deal," Dave responded. "Once the game starts, nobody leaves 
until the game is done."

"How will we know the game is done?" Katie asked.

"How about we set a time limit?" Richard suggested. "We'll play for one 
hour. Then at the end of each hour we decide if we play for another hour. 
If we agree to play, we have to keep playing the full hour. I've got a 
timer on my watch that we can use."

"What other rules will there be?" I asked. I knew that none of us girls 
had ever been with a guy. I was also pretty sure that Bruce hadn't, nor 
had Dave. But Richard was always such a smooth talker. He led many to 
believe he had slept with girls, but most of his girlfriends were from out 
of town. They seemed to be easy going when he brought them around, but we 
never knew for sure.

Maybe he was sensing the fear in my voice, so Dave offered "No sexual 
touching."

Everyone seemed to agree with this. Bruce had remained silent during much 
of this, so we weren't sure what his thoughts were. So Richard asked him, 
and he agreed to play. Dave suggested that we each assign a number, and 
role a die. If your number was rolled on the die, you got to choose who 
you asked the question or offered the dare to. We all agreed that it 
seemed fair.

We all sat in a circle in boy/girl fashion with me as 1, Katie as 3, and 
Ally as 5. Richard was 2, Dave was 4, and Bruce was 6. The timer was set, 
and the first set of questions began. They started out with questions 
about whether or not we have seen the other sex naked, or slept with 
someone of the other sex. 

When Richard was asked, he admitted that he had slept with two different 
girls. This brought a smile to both Bruce and Dave's face. As the timer 
went off, we realized we had spent an hour and hadn't really gotten all 
that far. So Dave offered up a suggestion.

"Maybe we should change the name of the game to dare. You have to do a 
dare on your turn, since nobody has been brave enough to take one yet."

I was a bit nervous by the prospect, as I sensed the others were. But we 
all agreed to it.

The next roll was a 4, Dave. He looked at me. "Since it is your house, it 
only seems fair that you get to do the first dare." My heart jumped, but I 
smiled a fake smile of confidence and gave him a nod, unable to speak. "I 
dare Jessica to strip off her jeans and sweatshirt." My face reddened. But 
I knew I was in for the hour, so I agreed and stood up. I first began by 
reaching down and unzipping and unbuttoning my jeans. I carefully pulled 
them open and slide them down; making sure my sweatshirt had fallen down 
low enough to cover my white cotton knickers. Next I reached down and 
grabbed the bottom of my sweatshirt, making sure I didn't grab my t-shirt 
that was underneath. I carefully began to slide it up and off, leaving me 
in my t-shirt, bra, knickers and socks. I smiled at Dave and then sat down.

Richard protested, "she needs to take off her t-shirt too. You said to 
strip to her underwear, didn't you?"

Dave looked at Richard, then me. "Well that was my intent, but I did only 
say to remove her jeans and sweatshirt."

Richard gave in reluctantly, and I reached down to roll the dice. It came 
up a 2. Richard looked over at me. "I dare Jessica to remove her t-shirt," 
he said with a smile.

"No fair picking on me," I said in my best non-whiny voice. It didn't come 
across as such.

"That wasn't in the rules," Richard was quick to point out. "But if you 
want to offer rule changes, you can do so in 53 minutes, when this round 
is over."

I wasn't happy about being put out on display like this. I know both Katie 
and Ally were glad I was first, but I was hoping that they would have been 
in this mix with me.

"Fine," I muttered as I reached down to pull my shirt off.

"Stand up," Richard said.

"No, there is nothing in the rules that says I have to stand, and since 
you didn't specify it, I'm not going to." I pulled my t-shirt up slowly, 
revealing first my tummy, then slowly up to my chest, where I pulled it 
up, showing my white lace bra, which felt like it was straining to contain 
my nipples. I lingered with my head covered, concealing my embarrassment. 
Then I finally pulled my head out and dropped the shirt on the floor 
beside me.

Everyone's eyes were on my 36c chest. I could feel my face burning red. 
Everyone was quiet for about a minute, so I reached down and picked up the 
die to roll. This time it came up a 3, which was Katie. The smile on her 
face had me worried. Then she spoke "I dare Dave to switch underwear with 
Jessica." Everyone seemed to think this was a good idea, aside from me and 
Dave.

He gave me his best I'm sorry smile and stood up. I thought he was going 
to drop his pants right then and there, when he said, "how about we do 
this in the bathroom?" I heard rumbled protests, but we both left the 
room, and I covered my white cotton briefs as I exited.

Once in the other room, Dave smiled at me. "Are you having fun?"

"Well, considering I'm the only one in just my underwear, not especially."

"It'll get better, I promise. Besides, I think you are having fun, at 
least the damp spot on your knickers would indicate such."

I looked down. Oh my god. I couldn't believe I was actually getting 
excited by all of this. He just smiled.

"I'll give you a choice, if you don't want me to see you, and you can turn 
around and remove your knickers. I'll do the same with my underwear, then 
we can switch and get redressed."

"Sounds like a plan." I replied. I turned around and waited a moment 
before sliding my knickers down and off, seeing the wet spot in them. I 
heard Dave struggle with his pants and then his underwear. I looked over 
my shoulder and saw his behind, and he did the same to me. I handed him my 
knickers, and he handed me his gray boxer briefs. I quickly pulled them up 
and turned around to see him struggle to pull up my knickers, which were 
tight on him. He then pulled up his pants and refastened them. He gave me 
a smile and said, "Shall we return?"

We went back out, me in his gray boxer briefs, and he in my knickers and an 
obvious bulge in his pants. Once we were reseated he took the die and gave 
it a roll. This time it came up a 5 for Ally. She looked at me and smiled. 
I got a feeling it was pick on Jessica hour.

She looked at me and smiled. "I dare you to remove your bra." 

I gave her an evil stare back. "This seems unfair to me" I whined again. 
But I got no sympathy from anyone around.

All eyes on me, so I reached back and unhooked my bra. I stared at Ally 
the whole time I slipped off first one strap, then the other, keeping my 
arms crossed across my chest at all times. I finally slipped it off and 
dropped it on the floor, but keep my arms close to my chest, my rock hard 
nipples pressing against my forearms. Both Richard and Bruce tried to 
sneak a peek, but to no avail. Then Richard suggested it was my turn to 
roll again. I leaned forward, one hand over my boobs as I rolled the die. 
I was hoping for a 1 so badly. But it was not meant to be. Instead, it was 
a 6.

Bruce seemed shocked, unsure what he should do. Richard was suggesting he 
have me get naked, everyone else remained quiet. I wasn't sure what he 
would do. Bruce then said he would like to see someone get a spanking. 
Richard told him to pick me, but he said he would like to use random 
chance to decide. He would roll the die and that would determine who would 
do the spanking. Then that person rolled the die to determine the 
"victim". I personally didn't want to be involved in either end of it. The 
dice was rolled and it was a two for Richard. He smiled. "Do I get to give 
the spanking bare bottomed?"

"No, it will be dressed as the person is, on all fours," was Bruce's 
reply.

Richard rolled and it came up 4. He asked for a re-roll, but everyone said 
no way. He mumbled and had Dave get on all fours. He gave him about four 
swats and stopped and sat back down, clearly unhappy with the outcome. I 
for one was relieved.

Dave sat back down and grabbed the die. He rolled it, and this time it 
came up a 1. Finally! But who do I get even with? Dave for starting this, 
Richard for continually picking on me, or Ally for making go braless? I 
decided that it had to be a guy, or else it would become a cat fight and I 
would be outnumbered.

I decided to pick on Richard. "I dare you to strip down to your underwear, 
Richard."

He gave me a look of half defiance, and half I'll be glad to. He slipped 
off his t-shirt, under which was a well formed chest. Next he slipped off 
his socks before standing up and undoing his jeans. He made a dramatic 
presentation of pulling them down and off. He then spun in a circle and 
sat down in his tighty whities.

He leaned for to grab the die and whispered "Wait for your turn."

He took the die and rolled a 5. Ally again. Now that a guy was in a 
similar situation as me, I hoped she would opt for his nudity, or someone 
else to get down to their underwear.

She looked around and said, "I'm getting a bit thirsty. I dare Jessica to 
go upstairs and get us a tray of sodas. She has to bring it back down on a 
tray and serve the drink to each one of us." I knew what she was doing. 
She was setting me up to display my boobs.

"Fine," I said standing up, keeping my chest covered in the process. As I 
began to walk out of the room, I realized that the boxer briefs slipped a 
little bit. I grabbed them with one hand and hurried out of the room. I 
went upstairs, slowly, to get the drinks. My heart was pounding. I know it 
is my house and nobody is home, but that doesn't mean I don't get nervous 
walking topless through it.

I gathered up a tray of drinks and began to go back downstairs. I could 
feel the boxers slipping, but not falling past my hips. At the bottom of 
the steps, prior to going back into the room, I pulled them back up. I 
walked into the room with the tray in my hands. Everyone was still sitting 
in the circle. I first went to Ally, she asked me to lean down so she 
could take her soda. I gave her an annoyed look and bent over, my tits 
swaying freely. She smiled as she grabbed a diet coke. I remained leaned 
over as I went around the room. I felt the boxers slide a bit, but stop at 
the top of my hips. When I handed Richard his soda, he "accidentally" 
lifted it up into my rock hard nipples. It was cold and sent a shiver down 
my spine. I gave him an even more annoyed looked and sat back down after 
pulling up the boxers again.

I looked around the room and could tell that Richard was now hard, and it 
looked like Dave was still too. Bruce sat with his legs crossed and made 
it hard to tell. I picked up the die and gave it a roll. It came up a 1 
again. I smiled.

Looking over at Ally, "I dare you to strip down to your underwear." She 
gave me a dirty look. I know that by doing that I probably missed the 
opportunity to strip one of the guys, but she seemed so intent on 
displaying me that I had to pay her back.

She stood up and unbuttoned her shirt. She slipped it off her arms, 
revealing her 34b breasts encased in a powder blue bra. Her large nipples 
were very erect. She kept her gaze on the floor as she slowly undid her 
jeans and carefully slid them down off her hips, revealing her matching 
powder blue knickers. She sat down finishing slipping them off. I do 
believe I saw a bit of a wet spot before she crossed her legs. Finally the 
attention was on someone other than me.

After a few moments she leaned forward and grabbed the die. She rolled it 
and this time it came up a 3. I wasn't sure what to expect. Then she 
looked around and said. "I dare Jessica to stand in the middle of the 
circle with her hands on her head, while Bruce pulls her boxers down and 
off. She must then turn around slowly, giving everyone a good view of her, 
hands remaining on her head."

My heart was pounding so hard I could hear it in my ears. I could have 
expected this from Ally, but not from Katie. I took a few deep breaths and 
stood up. I shook my hands a few times to shake the tension off. I went to 
the middle of the circle and stood facing Bruce. He almost had a scared 
look on his face. I raised my hands and interlocked my fingers behind my 
head, closing my eyes and preparing to have my only piece of clothing 
removed. Just as I could feel Bruce's hands on my hips I heard the beeping 
of the watch. The hour was up and I had a chance to save my dignity.

Part 2

"No fair," was the first thing out of Richard's mouth. "She accepted the 
dare before the hour was up, she has to go through with it."

"No, we said that we would commit hour by hour," I said with a somewhat 
stammering voice, my arms over my chest.

"Well, if we decide to continue playing, then you have to do the dare," 
Richard declared.

"Well, we'll have to see if everyone wants to continue." I looked around 
the room. "All those in favor of still playing, raise your hand." I saw 
Richard's hand go up quickly. I saw Dave slowly raise his hand. Bruce 
decided not to be the guy chickening out and raised his hand. Katie raised 
her hand up, so now it was down to Ally in her underwear, and me, the one 
who would have to be naked. Ally lifted her hand, keeping her other arm 
over her hard nipples.

"I guess it is up to you, Jessica," Richard proclaimed. "Are you brave 
enough to show us everything or will you be the one to ruin the fun?"

I looked at everyone, knowing they wanted to continue. "Can we make the 
rule that nobody has to participate in back-to-back dares? It doesn't seem 
fair that everyone is picking on me."

"We'll put it to a vote if you decide to keep playing. It would be 
majority rules," Dave suggested.

I didn't like my odds, but what choice did I have. "Alright, I'm in for 
one more hour," I reluctantly said. "Now, about the vote. All those in 
favor of not making someone do back-to-back dares, raise your hand." Mine 
went up, still covering my breasts. Bruce also raised his hand, but nobody 
else did. I was doomed, I could tell.

"Let's reset the clock and seem some action," Richard replied all too 
eagerly.

Everyone resumed their seated position. I remained standing, again closing 
my eyes and hooking my fingers behind my head. I again felt Bruce's hands 
on my hips. His touch was delicate as he slowly grabbed the waistband and 
began to slide them down. The decent seemed to take forever. I could feel 
my butt come out into view, and then slowly my dark bush was coming into 
view. He continued the decent of the boxers, pulling them down my thighs, 
then down my calves and pooling them around my ankles. He lifted my right 
foot slightly to pull them out from under me, then my left foot. I 
remained completely still. I could almost feel Bruce's breath on my legs.

"Now turn around for everyone to see," Katie almost commanded. I did a 
very slow turn, eyes still shut. I felt like I might fall over, but I knew 
I couldn't look anyone in the eyes. I heard Ally give a little whistle of 
approval. My face turned even redder. I finally completed the circle and 
heard Richard, "Now that was worth playing another hour for."

"Can I sit down now?" I asked impatiently.

"I never said you could. The dare was to remain in the middle with your 
hands on your head. I suppose you'll have to stay that way until your next 
dare," Katie responded.

"Then how am I supposed to roll the die?" I asked.

"Use your feet," Richard suggested helpfully, or so he though.

"Fine," I huffed. I picked up the die and dropped it, but it didn't really 
roll, it just landed back on 3.

"Looks like it is my turn again," Katie said sounding very giddy. "I think 
it is time for Jessica to get the spanking that Richard was hoping for 
earlier. I dare Jessica to get on all fours while everyone gives her ten 
spankings."

My mouth dropped open. I hadn't expected that. It seems Katie had it in 
for me more than Ally. "Will I be able to get up afterwards?" I asked 
sarcastically.

"No, you can remain on all fours in the middle until your next dare," was 
her reply.

I undid my fingers and lowered them to my side. I couldn't believe how 
sore they were. I suppose from all my shaking. I got down on all fours, 
facing Katie, which gave Bruce and Richard a good view of my back side.

Richard jumped up, "I'll go first" he was on his knees behind me. He 
smacked my bottom with an open hand and it stung. He proceeded to offer 
five to each cheek, which I am sure were red when he was done. I was 
biting my lip during the whole process.

"My turn," Dave said. 

"No, Ally's next," said Katie.

Ally lined up behind me, still in her bra and knickers. Her nipples were 
poking out, and the damp spot in her knickers was a little more noticeable. 
I thought about pointing it out to everyone, but I think others noticed, 
and I didn't need to bring any more wraths down on myself.

Ally proceeded to give me ten quick swats, successfully getting both 
cheeks at once, and not hitting the same spot that Richard did.

Dave got up and went over. As he stood up I could see he was still hard in 
his jeans. He got behind me but seemed to be a bit nicer. He gave me ten 
playful swats on the behind. They hurt on the other stinging spots, but 
were not as bad as I expected.

Katie next got behind me. She rubbed her hand over my hind end a couple of 
times before swatting me once. She then again rubbed the spot, almost 
soothing it before taking another swat. She continued in this fashion for 
all ten, then before getting up she commented "you guys gotta check this 
out. She likes this so much her pussy is wide open." My face burned as red 
as my behind, but I couldn't say anything. Everyone got behind me and 
checked me out, which only made me more embarrassed.

"Th-th-this wasssn't part of the d-d-dare," I stammered.

Bruce then leaned in and gave me ten quick pats and said I was done. I was 
very done, very embarrassed by being excited by all this attention, and I 
was embarrassed that everyone found out. And I was embarrassed that this 
would continue for a bit more.

I sat there, trying to compose myself, my tits swaying back and forth. I 
took the die and gave it a roll. It was a 6. Finally, my only friend and 
defendant in the group, or so it seemed.

"I dare Ally to stand up in the middle of the room and let Jessica remove 
her bra for her."

 

Ally didn't seem to sure about this. She seemed fine having me fully nude, 
but she didn't want to display her chest.

"Maybe we should quit," she suggested.

"No can do," Richard piped in. "We agreed to another hour and we have 40 
minutes left. Now stand up and let Jessica remove your bra."

Ally had a pleading look in her eyes. She stood up and went to the middle 
of the circle. She stood there with her hands at her side. I stood up and 
unhooked her bra. I then slide one shoulder strap down, then the other, 
while remaining behind her. I tugged at the bra and revealed her 34b 
breasts and very erect nipples to everyone. She kept her hands at her 
sides as I dropped the bra to the floor and sat down. She took a moment to 
compose herself and then sat down as well, covering herself up.

"Your turn to roll," I said, trying to cover myself up as well. When you 
have been exposed for so long, any coverage is welcomed.

She leaned forward and took the die, giving it a roll. It landed on a 4.

Dave was thinking. He finally spoke, "I dare Jessica that for the 
remainder of the game, when she is sitting, she keep her legs in front of 
her and spread, and her palms on the floor behind her." I gave him a 
snarl. He knew I was enjoying my brief cover.

I straightened my legs out and spread them apart, then dropped my hands 
behind my hips on the floor. "Like this?" I asked.

"Spread them wider so we can see in your wet hole," Katie suggested. Dave 
just nodded. I was embarrassed but followed through. I felt so exposed.

"Can I get up to roll the die?" I asked.

"How about I roll it for you," Dave offered as he picked it up and rolled 
it toward my legs. I felt it bounce off my middle thigh and stop. Everyone 
stared at the die, and my dripping pussy. It landed on 3. I was sure this 
would not bode well for me.

Katie had a devilish smile about her. "I think we should have Jessica 
streak out to my car and grab a CD I have in there. She can then bring it 
in and dance to a song for us." 

I really did not want to do that. One, it was winter and cold out. Two, it 
was broad daylight, about 3:30. Three, my neighbors may be home. "I can't 
do that. Someone might see me."

"Sure you can do it. We've all seen you. And you seem to like to be seen. 
And you agreed to play for the hour." Katie replied.

"Can I put on shoes?" I pleaded.

"Yes, you may, but it will cost you. Any time your number comes up on the 
die, I get to have your dare for the rest of the hour."

"I'm not giving up my dares. Right now it is everyone against me. I'm the 
only one naked. It would be all against me."

"Probably, but you would only have 30 minutes left, then you can end the 
game."

I thought about it. I guess I may or may not get a chance. But it would be 
only a short while. And I kind of did like be the victim, even if it did 
embarrass me.

"Fine, I'll give up my dares, but I get to wear a coat too."

"You can wear shoes and coat, open. But you have to agree to play one more 
hour then."

I was thinking. I could go out in shoes only, risk being seen by an 
elderly neighbor and be a victim for 30 minutes. Or cover up mostly and 
remain a victim for 90 minutes. Better that only my friends see me. "Okay, 
it is a deal."

I went upstairs and grabbed my long coat from the closest.

"No, wear my leather jacket," Katie offered. It was short, only coming 
down to my waist. I gave her an evil stare and took the jacket and put it 
on. My ass and pussy hung out, and but my tits were covered.

I went out the door, looking around to make sure it is clear. I quickly 
went to her car on the street, and went to open the door. It was locked. 
"Go around to the driver's side," Katie hollered.

I looked around and quickly went to the driver's side and opened the door. 
Her CD's were in the overhead holder, and I quickly found the disc she 
wanted. I looked around again and saw a car coming down the street, so I 
waited in the driver's seat. My heart was pounding, but the driver just 
passed by and waved. 

Making sure the coast was clear I quickly ran back to the house. Katie was 
at the door. "Hand me the jacket and shoes and you can come in."

"Please let me in," I begged her.

She raised an eyebrow, so I quickly slipped off the shoes and stepped on 
the cold cement. I then slid off the jacket and handed it to her. She 
stepped aside and let me in the door. As I passed by she rubbed her hand 
over my bare bottom.

We went downstairs again, I was cold and my nipples were really pressing 
out now.

"To warm you back up, I want you to dance to Sir Mix-a-lot's 'I like big 
butts'," Katie said with a smile.

I gave her a glare and she cued up the CD. I began to dance, very self 
conscious and very badly.

"Come on Jessica, you can do better," Katie snapped.

I quickly got into the groove and put everyone out of my mind. I danced to 
the song and when it was over everyone clapped. I was thoroughly 
embarrassed and went to sit back down. I initially sat cross-legged, but 
was quickly reminded of my seating position.

Katie picked up the die and gave it another role. This time it landed on 
2. Richard smiled.

"I think the only thing more fun than having one naked chick is having 
more than one," Richard said. "I dare Ally to get in the middle of the 
circle and bend over and touch her toes while Jessica removes her knickers 
for her." Ally did not look comfortable with this, nor did I.

She got up and went to the middle and bent over, her bottom facing me, her 
tits hanging there. Richard and Bruce took in the site as I stood up and 
placed my hands on Ally's hips. I put my fingers in her waistband and 
began to slide them down. I knelt as I brought her ass into view. I slowly 
slid them down, having to tug to get them to come down in front. As I slid 
them down I noticed the damp spot inside her knickers. I looked up and saw 
how excited she was by this. I quickly slid them down to her feet and off. 


Ally stood up to cover up, but Richard quickly piped in, "I think you have 
to stay that way until the next dare." She shot daggers at him, but 
complied and re-bent over. I decided against pointing out her excitement 
to everyone and sat back down in my spread position.

Richard picked up the die and gave it a role. It landed on 5.

Ally saw this and quickly stood up. "I dare Richard to get in the middle 
and let Jessica pull off his underwear, hands on his head. He is to remain 
there until the next dare." She said as she went back and took a seat.

Richard had a half smirk/half frown on his face. He stood up in the 
middle, looked at me, and said, "Come kneel before me and remove my 
underwear, Jessica."

"Why do I have to do all of this," I asked protesting.

"Luck of the draw," was his reply.

I got up and knelt before him. I reached up and began to slowly slide his 
underwear down. I could see he was erect. As I pulled them down, slowly 
lowering them and pulling his manhood down with it until finally it 
"popped" free. I sat there staring at it. It was probably 5" and skinny. I 
pulled his underwear down around his ankles and had him step out. Just as 
I did, the watch went off and the hour was over.

With half the group now naked, I assumed the game would end. We took a 
vote, and everyone agreed to continue. I was a bit reluctant, but didn't 
have a choice.

Part 3

"Well, I need to go to the bathroom before we start again," I said.

"Hold on a minute," Richard replied. "You may need to be able to do that 
for a dare," he said with a devilishly grin.

We all settled in and Richard reset the clock again. He picked up the die 
and gave it a roll. It landed on 2.

"Well, since Jessica has to go to the bathroom, I dare her to let us all 
go in and watch her pee in the shower."

"No way, that's gross," I snapped back. 

"But it is your dare," replied Katie.

I got up and walked into the bathroom. Everyone followed me in, Richard in 
the lead, his penis flopping about. Next followed by Dave and Bruce. Even 
Katie followed, but Ally was kind of lingering back.

I opened up the shower curtain and looked inside. I really didn't want an 
audience for this. I stepped inside. "Now squat down and pee for us," 
Katie chimed in.

I gave her the evil stare and squatted down. It was kind of hard peeing 
with an audience and peeing in a shower, but I had to go so bad that it 
didn't take long for me to start going. I didn't count on it splashing on 
my feet though. I finished up quickly enough when Richard reminded me I 
needed to flush.

"How do you expect me to do that?" I asked.

"Turn on the shower. You may want to wash off your feet too." He replied.

"I'm not taking a shower for you guys," was my reply.

"Ally, roll the die and see who gets the next dare," Katie hollered.

Ally rolled it and hollered back, "it was a 4."

Dave smiled. "Yes, I think you should take a shower for us. We wouldn't 
want you to smell like pee. Be sure to lather up good."

My heart was racing. I reached up and turned on the shower, cold water 
initially hitting me. It warmed up after a few moments and I stood there 
in the water. Everyone was staring at me. Even Ally came in to watch. I 
looked around and grabbed the soap. I begin to wash up. The suds felt nice 
on my body.

"Don't forget to wash all the nooks and crannies," Dave replied.

I ran the soap all over my body. Everyone watched as I did so. After a few 
minutes I reached up and shut the water off. "There, is that better," I 
asked.

Dave nodded and handed me a towel. I dried myself off and wrapped up in it 
to stay warm, but that was met by protests.

"You need to remain naked." 

"Alright," I said reluctantly and dropped the towel on the floor. We went 
back to the room and sat back in our circle, me in the chosen stance. Dave 
took the die and gave it a roll. It was a 3.

Katie looked around the room, and then looked at me. "I dare you to show 
us how you masturbate when you are horny. We all know you are horny, so 
why don't you show us?" she asked with a grin.

My face turned as red as could be. I'm already naked and on display, and 
she wants me to go further. "No way! We said no sexual touching. I think 
that crosses the line."

"I thought no sexual touching meant no touching each other," Katie said in 
an innocent voice.

"Well, if that were the case, how about the spanking?" I retorted.

"That wasn't sexual, that was more of discipline," she chuckled. "Besides, 
I think you liked it. I think you like being naked in front of us. And I 
think you want to show us how you masturbate."

"No I don't!" was I could retort.

"Well, we did agree on the game and everyone else has done what they have 
been dared, but if you want to be the one that ruined the game," she 
stated.

I looked around the room. Everyone's eyes were glued to me. What could I 
do? Should I do it? Could I do it?

My heart pounding, I finally agreed. "Fine, where at?"

"How about right where you are," she replied. "We'll all gather round to 
watch."

I looked around. I could see Richard's cock twitching. Ally appeared to 
have a fascinated smile on her face. Even Katie's nipples appeared hard.

I reached down between my legs, closing my eyes. 

"Lay down," Katie commanded.

I lowered myself down onto my back, knees curled, legs spread wide. I 
slowly began to rub my nipples with one hand and the other slowly worked 
its way down my body. I ran my fingers through my bush. I was so wet. I 
was running my finger up and down my parted lips.

Then suddenly I heard a car. I jumped up. "Mom's home!"

Everyone panicked. "Everyone get dressed," I hollered. I grabbed my 
sweatshirt and slipped it on, and reached for my pants. Richard pulled on 
his underwear and jeans quickly. Ally gathered her clothes and went to the 
bathroom to get dressed. I pulled up my jeans and handed Dave's underwear 
to him. He just smiled and said he would return mine later.

I hid my bra under some pillows as mom came in and hollered down, asking 
what we were up to. Bruce and Dave were already playing Nintendo.

"Just hanging out down stairs, Mom," I responded.

Ally finally reemerged from the bathroom, fully dressed. Everyone sat 
around silently.

Finally they decided it was time to go. But first Katie looked at me, 
"Don't forget, you still owe us a show." She smiled and they all left. 






