On December 17, 1989, a drunk driver hit my family and I and all I had was a bruised shin, but my parents and my sister were not as fortunate. My sister had a broken arm, collarbone and stitches in her head.

My mom had a cut up leg and a shattered arm, which required a metal bar to keep together. My dad died due to the crushing impact of the steering wheel into his chest. We were on our way to Medieval Times to celebrate my birthday after about 3 months.

I got over his death, but that terrible memory gets dug up on every birthday of mine on my 18th birthday in 1995 and I just couldn't take it anymore. I completely skipped my birthday even though my mom and my sister had prepared one for me.

I returned home later that evening to find my mom and sister chatting. I saw a look of concern in their eyes and assumed that they were either worried about why I was not there or if they realized that I just could not stand the ugly memories that my birthday brought up.

My second thought was right. I sat down with them and my mom immediately grasped me and cried. I began to cry as well. At that point we all spilt our guts about every way that each of us was still being affected by that tragic day an hour later, we all felt better about it.

We continued to do this conversation on a monthly basis. By the time my next birthday came around, I was actually able to enjoy it for the first time in years. It was wonderful to finally enjoy a birthday and after we were finished with the celebration.

We started a fire in our fireplace and sat around it and started chatting about things other than dad. The conversations went until about 10:30 then we watched Grease. After the movie, we went off to bed. I gave mom a goodnight hug as we embraced.

I felt her hand go down to my butt and lightly grasp it. My eyes went wide but I kept it to myself. The next evening my sister went to bed early and left mom and me out watching TV. Once she was in bed, I asked my mom why she grasped my butt last night.

She said it was just an accident, but I could see that she was hiding something eventually we all went to bed over the next few weeks; I noticed that my mom was coming closer and closer to the border of invading my privacy.

For instance, when I got up in the morning and was in the process of dressing, she would come in to say good morning then suddenly turn when she saw me naked, but each time, getting a quick glance at me.

One weekend, the computer club, which I was a member of at school planned a party in which we would bring all our computers and hook them up to play games against each other unfortunately as we finished setting up, there was a black out.

We waited for about 30 minutes then a school official came in stating that this entire side of town was blacked out. We repacked our equipment then I gave my mom a call to pick me up, but I got no answer. I then asked a friend of mine to take me home.

I was back home and entered the door. The lights were out here as well. I brought my stuff in and set it by the door. I then looked around the house but could not see a single thing. I went to the garage to see if the car was gone.

The car was still there. I went back inside and lay down in my bed. I had nearly does off when I heard a weird moan. It was so faint that I thought it was my imagination at first, but as I exited my room the noise became louder. I recognized the moans as moans of lovemaking.

I assumed my mom found a boyfriend, but I didn't like the idea that she was having sex with him so early in the relationship. I sat out in the darkness of the family room hoping to catch a glimpse of the guy. I dosed off after about 20 minutes.

I was suddenly awoken by the sound of a door opening. My eyes were used to the dark by then and I saw two people come out. One was my mom who I could easily make out. The other person I could not make out, but instead of going out of the house

The other person went further down the hall towards my room and my sister's. My mom went out towards the kitchen and that is when I got up and followed the other person. The other person went in to my sister's room. I followed him and saw him get in her bed.

All of a sudden the lights came back on blinding both of us in the process. Once I could clearly see, I made a shocking discovery. The "him" was a "her," my sister! She gasped at the site of me. I asked what was going on. She was silent.

Then I heard another gasp from behind. It was my mom, nude! With my eyes wide open I constantly looked back and forth at each of them while thinking to myself, "incest?" I started asking questions and telling them what I saw to the point that they decided to tell me their little secret incest!

You two are having sex!" I said they both nodded and admitted what they have been doing it for the last month. I was shocked beyond belief. They noticed that I was getting a hard on from seeing them naked. They both began trying to seduce me, but I retreated into my room.

I stayed there for about 20 min. think why they would do such a thing. At the same time I kept visualizing them naked and how beautiful they looked in the nude. I open my door and heard them talking out in the family room. I walked into the room and found them still nude.

Hesitating whether or not to join them, I let my curiosity win. I joined them and sat by my mom. My mom is 47 but amazingly beautiful for someone of her age. She has long, wavy, very blonde hair. She was also overweight and has a plump, shaved pussy, but that was just perfect for me since.

I find BBW more attractive. Her breasts are very large and stand out quite a bit and her ass, Wow! Very soft and not even the biggest pair of hands could fully grasp it. My sister is one year younger than I am, and has the face and hair of Tinkerbell, so sweet.

Her pussy is shaved, small and tight, while her breasts are medium sized and perfectly rounded they told me how it got started. It was when my sister slipped while taking a shower and hit her head on the back of the stall. Mom was in the process of getting dressed when she heard the thump.

 She immediately stopped and went to see what happen. She found Lauren down on the floor of the stall in a daze. She was all right, but she received a lump on the side of her head. Mom helped her up and for the moment that they looked at each other's naked bodies, they began to fantasize about each other.

A few days later my mom approached Lauren about the situation. They shared their thoughts for a few minutes. Lauren then broke the ice and gave mom a big kiss and hug with her hands down grasping and massaging her ass. Mom then followed through from that point on, they have periodically been having sex once I was asleep or when I was gone.

While they were telling me the story, I was constantly glancing at their naked bodies. I could feel my cock rapidly growing and showing a bulge in my pants. They both noticed and smiled as they continued the story when they finished my mom stated that I looked ready for the introduction?

I thought to myself. They began to seductively approach me, and at that point I knew what they meant. All doubt and guilt fell from me right then. My sister slowly slid up my legs to my crotch, unzipped my jeans and let the throbbing dick finally be released from its prison. She began sucking my dick. GOD that felt good!

My mom explained that this was why she felt my ass that one time, but that she wanted to give it more time. Mom pulled my shirt off and started slowly licking my nipples. They immediately got just as hard as my dick. She then licked my chest up to my mouth where she passionately kissed me and sent her tongue all the way in.

My sister pulled my jeans all the way off and continued to suck my dick while my mom got up and laid me on the floor and sat on my face instructing me to lick her pussy. I slowly inserted my tongue as deep as I could then begin to vigorously swirl it in her pussy.

She began to moan and rock back and forth over my face. I could smell that sweet pussy juice ready to come out. At the same time my sister was just about to make me release my load into her mouth, but my mom stood up for a moment and said to go to her room and that we would continue there.

We all got into the king size bed, which could easily fit all three of us, and my sister positioned herself for me to probe her pussy with my dick. I rubbed the head of my dick across her vulva then inserted it in with an exhale of pleasure, which she did as well.

My mom got on the bed and positioned herself above my sister's face then had my sister lick her pussy while I was probing Lauren's cunt. I pumped back and forth in her cunt for about two minutes before I released my load into her dripping pussy. I slowly fell into her breast after my ejaculation.

She then whispered into my ear there's more involved here than you think. You'll be glad you agreed to join us. I looked her in the eyes and saw her staring straight into mine with a big smirk on her face. I then asked my mom if she knew what Lauren was talking about.

She nodded her head but did not tell me anything. My mom then began to suck my dick and reawakened it in a hurry. She then positioned herself for me to fuck her plump pussy. I quickly got into position and ran my dick along her pussy lips.

She began moaning and heavily breathing as I penetrated her fuck hole. I was banging her for what felt like an eternity then her body began to tremble as she hit orgasm. I could feel her pussy juices swirling around my dick. I then released my load into her and pulled my dick out and began to lick the milky mixture of sex juices from her dripping pussy.

After that, we decided to settle down for the night. We all stayed together in the bed, which became our permanent place for all of us to sleep. My mom positioned herself so that I could rest up against her and use her breasts as pillows.

Both my mom and my sister would alternate as providing their breasts as a place to rest my head. I never imagined how wonderful that could feel. I sometimes even found myself sucking on their nipples.

For the next two weeks we continued on with our sexual escapades, but I couldn't stop thinking about what my sister said the first night there's more involved here than you think. You'll be glad you agreed to join us." What did that mean, and when would I find out?
Has reading this story made you horny? Want to sex chat with real life hot women?
All the women below are LIVE! and waiting to talk dirty with you!