The Club 
by Story Guy 

Chapter 11

The mood seemed to change after the big event that just happened. Instead of staying as a group, they all seemed to go their separate ways, some paired off and talked, some went swimming. Mark was in the water and noticed Meg and Gail off to the side talking. After a while they parted and Meg went into the water and approached Mark. 

"Did you like it?" Meg asked. 

"Yeah... I guess," Mark replied, not sure what he should say. 

Meg went quiet for a while, but stayed in front of Mark. "Um... Gail needs a favor," she began, and then paused. "She's going to do it next time, and... ah... she doesn't want her first time in front of everyone. She asked me to ask you if you could do her first... Just the two of you there... Like maybe this afternoon?" 

Mark was surprised at the request and, while he was definitely interested, didn't quite know what he should say. "Um... OK... Where?" 

"Maybe where we did stuff? ...like along that trail on the way home? I told her I'd keep watch in case someone came along. You know, that grassy spot," Meg rambled. 

"OK," Mark replied, trying to mask his excitement. 

"Good! I'll go tell her. Rita is going over Sue's house anyway, so we can all just walk home together, the three of us. No one will suspect anything," Meg grinned as she turned and went over to Gail again. 

After the two whispered to each other a bit, they walked over to their clothes. Mark looked up and Meg signaled him to come. In a voice loud enough for all to hear, Meg said to Mark, "Mom wants me to do some stuff at home this afternoon so we should be going. Rita is going over to Sue's, so OK if Gail walks with us?" 

Mark smiled as he walked out of the water, answering, "OK." They quickly dressed and, after saying their goodbyes, left. 

When they started out, Meg and Gail talked softly with one another, ignoring Mark, but finally Gail spoke to him. "Thanks, Mark. I'm a little nervous, but glad it will be with you." Mark had no idea what to say, so just smiled. 

"This is the place. The grassy spot is over there, but I guess Mark can show you. I'll go with you, but stay away from you. I don't want to be seen just standing in the path. I promise I won't look," Meg announced nervously. No one said anything, but Mark turned off the path with Gail and headed into the woods. Meg followed them, but stopped at a big rock. "I'll wait here," she mumbled. As the other two continued on, Meg sat on the rock. A few moments later she glanced over her shoulder. She could see where they were, but couldn't really see them. She did notice another rock though. It looked like, if she moved to it, she'd be able to see them better. 

Mark and Gail walked through a few trees to the center of what was a little tree grove. "This is it," he mumbled as he turned toward Gail. 

"It's nice," Gail responded nervously, then paused. Mark was just standing there. Not knowing what else to do, Gail hooked her thumbs into her shorts and pushed down, her shorts and panties puddling at her ankles. "I guess I should get ready..." she mumbled as she did it. Mark, seeing what she did, also dropped his pants and stepped out of them. 

Meg glanced over her shoulder again and saw her brother and Gail both drop their pants. She knew she shouldn't be watching, but couldn't stop herself. As silently as she could, she slid off the rock she was on and slowly crept over to the other rock. At first she just sat, but then glanced again. This time, through the trees, she could see both clearly. She rationalized that because she was looking through a tree next to her, they wouldn't be able to see her watching... she hoped. 

Gail sat down on the grass, her top still on. She looked up at Mark standing there with his very obvious cock pointing skyward. She liked seeing it, but was scared of what was going to happen. Taking a deep breath trying to calm herself, Gail lay down on her back and, blushing as she did, parted her legs a little. "I guess it's time..." She expected Mark to get between her legs, even though there really wasn't enough room, but he surprised her by kneeling next to her. Slowly he reached out and put his hand on her pussy. From playing around with Meg, he knew what she liked and tried to do the same with Gail. 

As he rubbed her slowly, Gail began to relax a little. "That feels good," she murmured. 

Meg was mesmerized by the couple a few yards away from her. Her "just glancing" had become "intently watching". It began to have an affect on her. She could feel her own pussy begin to get wet. Meg looked around, assuring herself no one was near them, then slipped her hand into her panties. She needed some relief. As she continued to watch and as she continued to rub, her arousal became more intense. After another quick glance around, she pushed her shorts and panties down and off one foot. Her legs parted, giving her more room. 

Mark could tell Gail was now ready by the slight movement of her hips and the wetness of her pussy. Without saying anything he slowly eased himself between her legs. 

Gail was getting turned on, but still very nervous. She had begun to relax some as he rubbed. Now, as he moved between her slightly parted legs, her nerves again went on edge. She opened her legs more giving him room. It was going to happen sooner or later and she felt better with Mark and alone with him instead of possibly Ron and an audience watching her was better too. 

Mark looked into her eyes. "Ready?" Gail nodded. He leaned forward, placing his hands on either side of her and stretched out his legs. Gail bent her knees and opened her legs more for him. Now was the time... 

Meg turned around to watch better completely abandoning her job of being a lookout. Her view into the grove couldn't be better. Gail's feet were toward her and Meg could clearly see her brother's hand rubbing Gail's pussy. If only he was rubbing hers... Mark suddenly stopped and Gail's legs parted more as he crawled between them. It blocked her view temporarily, but when he went down on top of her, his legs parted a bit as well. Meg could now see his balls hanging between his legs, the crack of Gail's ass, and knew what would happen next. 

Meg jammed her finger into her pussy, clinching her lips as she did to stop from making any noise that might give her away. Mark's hips began moving and his ass clinched and relaxed as he began pushing in and pulling back. Meg wondered if he was fucking her now. 

Gail felt Mark's cock slide up and down her slit, but it wasn't going in. As afraid as she was, she also wanted him to enter her. As he slid forward, she rotated her hips and felt him start in. "Easy..." she muttered. Mark didn't go easy, but didn't slam in either. Gail felt him ease in. She had intentionally broken her hymen about a week ago knowing this would happen. His cock didn't really hurt, but it felt huge going into her, making her gasp. 

"You OK?" Mark whispered. 

"You're big," was all Gail could manage to get out. After pausing for a moment as Mark remained still, Gail was able to gather her thoughts. "I'm OK... You can fuck me," she smiled. Mark didn't need the encouragement. 

Meg watched wide eyed as Mark's short jerky movements transformed into a slow push. As he pushed, Gail's knees pulled up. Meg knew he was in her and she became even more excited. Her legs splayed vulgarly as her finger pushed into her and began pumping in rhythm with Mark's hips as she imagined his cock going into her. 

Mark suddenly pushed hard into Gail. At the same time Meg's hand almost vibrated as she rubbed her clit with her finger pushed into her drooling pussy. She felt her body finally explode as her eyes closed. Finally relief. 

Meg wasn't sure how long her climax lasted, but her eyes opened in time to see Mark roll off of Gail. The two remained motionless, on their backs, with their legs still parted. Meg could see Mark's once stiff dick now laying limply between his legs. His cum was starting to drool from Gail's pussy. Meg's hand began to move, being stimulated by the sight if the couple a short distance away. They began to stir though. She was supposed to be watching for people and didn't want to be caught. She reached for her shorts at her ankle, but realized they and her panties had fallen off. She jumped off the rock scrambling for them. Gail and Mark started to sit up. Meg saw her shorts and, in desperation, grabbed them and pulled them on without bothering with panties - no time to look. 

Mark and Gail were both pulling their clothes on when Meg spotted the missing panties. It was too late to put them on now, so instead she kicked them under the bushes. How could she explain pulling off her shorts, putting her panties on, then pulling her shorts back on? 

She jumped as Gail, standing right behind her, said, "All done. Let's go." 


Chapter 12 

The three walked for a few minutes together, but said nothing. Gail then announced she was at her departure point. After saying her goodbyes, she headed to her house, leaving Mark and Meg to continue on alone. 

Again there was silence as the two walked until Meg said she had to pee. "Watch for me?" she asked. Naturally Mark agreed and, after one final look around, Meg dropped her shorts and squatted. By this time having Mark right there seeing her was no big deal. 

"Where's your underwear?" Mark questioned. 

"Oh, shit!" Meg gasped. She had forgotten she had left her panties under a tree where they had stopped. "Um... I'm not wearing any." 

"I can see that, but you were. Where are they? I saw you put them on when we left the cabin," continued Mark. 

Meg stood and pulled her shorts back up. "Um... Ah... Well, I kinda left them when we stopped. I... I kinda saw what you were doing and... um... I kinda got a little carried away, so... um... yeah. When you were finished and came out I didn't see them, so just put my shorts on." 

"You watched us?" accused Mark. 

"I wasn't going to, honest! I just... well... you're not mad at me are you?" Mark just stared at her. "I'm sorry... I know I shouldn't have. I'll make it up, honest! I'll do anything you want me to... anything," Meg blushed. 

"Anything?� Mark questioned. Meg nodded. "Give me your shorts then." Meg gasped. "You said anything, so take your shorts off and give them to me." 

Meg hesitated, then dropped her shorts, picked them up, and handed them to Mark. He took them. "OK, now what?" she asked, expecting sex to follow. 

"Now we go home, but you don't get your shorts back until we get there," Mark grinned. 

"Are you serious? I can't walk home naked!" Meg gasped. "Ask me to do something else. Someone might see me." 

"Nope. You said anything... but I'll give you back your shorts when we get home so you don't have to run through the yard with no pants on. Deal?" Mark offered. 

A smile came across Meg's face. "OK," she agreed feeling it might be fun to run around pantless. "...but you gotta watch for anyone coming!" 

They headed off down the trail again with Meg staying a bit behind Mark so she felt more "covered". It was only minutes when they heard voices. Meg ran off the trail and up the hill with Mark following her. "Give me my shorts!" she exclaimed. 

Mark ignored her and went beyond, to the top of the hill. He knelt behind a large rock and motioned for Meg. Meekly she went to him and then looked down the other side of the hill. At the base was a small stream. Several children, maybe between 7 or 8 and maybe 11 were playing in the stream, all wearing swim suits. Meg and Mark were going to leave until they noticed one of the boys walking in their direction. 

"Give me my shorts!" Meg whispered, fearing she would be seen, but the boy stopped about half way up the hill, but only a short distance from them, behind a low pine tree. A few moments later a girl came up the hill. Mark and Meg watched, realizing if they tried to leave they would surely be seen. 

"You're going to do it, right?" the boy asked. The girl nodded. "You take yours off first, then I will," the boy continued. 

"No, you go first," the girl countered. They bickered a bit before compromising. The girl, who was wearing a one piece, would drop the top first. The boy would then take his suit off, then the girl would take hers off. They both agreed to let the other look closely, but the boy couldn't touch. The girl would be able to though. 

Meg watched in fascination as the girl untied the knot at the back of her neck and then pealed her suit down, exposing what would soon be boobs. She stopped just below her chest and waited. The boys suit dropped, exposing his boy dick, and he stepped out of them. The girl paused for a moment until the boy reminded her that she had agreed. Slowly she pealed her suit down the rest of the way, dropping it to her feet, and exposing her bare pussy. 

As she was stepping out of her suit, the boy stated, "You first." The girl agreed, spread her suit on the ground, and then sitting on it, leaning back on her elbows, then opening her legs. The boy knelt between her legs and began to explore her girlness with his eyes. The girl showed no emotion, but stayed still as he looked at her. 

After a while he sat back up and the girl did too. He extended his legs in front of him and opened his legs. The girl leaned forward and her hand went between his legs. She looked and fondled him for a bit, then whispered, "We better get back. You go first. I'll stay here for a while so they don't know, then come down later." 

The boy stood, pulled his suit back on, then headed down the hill. The girl stayed, as expected, but didn't put her suit on, making Meg wonder why. Soon another boy came up the hill, but the girl didn't move. "Did you let him see?" the second boy asked. The girl nodded. "Thanks. He really wanted to see a girl, but we have no sister or anything, so... Did you say anything about us?" The girl shook her head. 

Meg's eyes widened as the boy's hand went to his suit and pushed it down, exposing a small, but still stiff cock. Even surprising Meg more, the girl leaned back on her elbows and opened her legs. "There going to do it!" Meg whispered to Mark. 

Meg was on all fours, but her attention was on the boy and girl down the hill. Mark pushed his pants down and positioned himself behind Meg. As the boy moved between the girl's legs and, judging from her gasp, entered her, Mark pushed forward. Megs head snapped around, but she smiled and then turned back to watch the boy and girl. As Mark pushed in, Meg pushed back against him. 

As Meg watched the young girl getting fucked, Mark's pace increased, slamming against her ass as his cock revenged her pussy. It wasn't long before Meg felt her fire burning. The boy and girl finished first and as he stood, Meg saw the cum ooze from her pussy. It was all she needed to set her explosion. As Meg climaxed, she felt Mark shoot into her. 

Mark stayed in Meg after he climaxed. She watched as the boy, now limp and markedly smaller, pulled on his swimsuit as the girl put hers on as well. The girl went straight down the hill while the boy walked a ways and then went down seemingly from a different place, to join the others. 

Mark finally had no choice but to pull out of Meg and pull his pants back up. Meg, as was her fate, began to have his cum drool down her leg. "Finally they're leaving," she muttered as the group of younger ones left the stream. After pausing an appropriate time, she whispered to Mark, "Go see if they're gone." 

Mark walked down the hill, looked around, them motioned to Meg. She carefully and slowly walked down the hill, looking around as she descended. Finally reassured they were alone, Meg kicked off her sneakers and waked in ankle deep into the stream. "Don't look," she blushed as she squatted in the water and washed the cum from her pussy. 

Mark chuckled. "OK, suit yourself. I'll meet you back at the barn," he laughed as he ran down the hill. 

"Wait!" Meg shouted to no avail. Mark was already out of sight. She nervously looked around. Here she was, alone and with no pants! Meg quickly put her sneakers back on and stealthily began making her way home. She was scared to death someone would see her, but strangely excited at the same time. 


Chapter 13 

What would have normally taken about 15 minutes took Meg about a half hour to get home. She kept stopping, looking, then going further only to repeat again. She was furious with her brother for leaving her, but quickly calmed down. Her anger turned into excitement. About half way home she had even stopped, looked around, then took her top off so she was completely naked. Meg had reassured herself that no one was near, but had the strange hope someone would see her. 

As she neared the barn she put her top back on. Cautiously she crouched down and waited a minute or two, listening and looking to make sure she wouldn't be seen. Satisfied, Meg dashed the last short distance and into the back door of the barn. Suddenly conscious of her nudity she scurried up the ladder to the loft room. 

"I can't believe you left me like that!" she blurted as she scrambled into the room. What she saw stopped her. Before her was Mark, just standing in silence, but completely naked. His cock standing up straight. 

"You horny?" he asked in a soft voice. Meg could say nothing, but nodded. "Wanna get fucked?" Mark whispered as he walked up to her. Again she nodded. 

He took her hand and led her to a bale of hay in the center of the room. She hadn't even noticed it before. He had draped a blanket over it. "Bend over the bale," he told her. Without questioning, she did as he asked, parting her legs slightly as her belly rested on the hay. It made no sense, but she felt herself becoming more wet. "Front or back?" he mumbled. 

"Either," Meg heard herself answer. Normally, if given the choice, she'd say front every time, but after walking home naked, she felt somehow submissive. Being "vulnerable" and in danger of being seen naked had excited her. Now she just wanted to be taken. If he took her ass, even if it hurt, she'd like it. She lifter her ass slightly, tilted her hips, and widened her legs. She wanted him to see her sex; to be taken any way he wanted to take her. 

Meg's breath sucked in as a hand went between her legs. It came to rest flat against her pussy, but a finger pushed between the folds. Slowly the hand slid from her pussy to her ass crack, that same finger pressing down as it slid along her asshole. 

Mark sensed Meg push back as he pushed his finger at her asshole. Normally she would pull away slightly. "You are horny," he smiled. 

"Just do it," she blushed. It was embarrassing enough that she was that horny, but even worse her body was giving her away. 

"Do you want it to hurt?" he muttered. 

His finger pushed into her ass. She knew now he was going to take her there. His question not only surprised her, but shocked her. Her mind was wandering. She imagined herself in a crowded room with other people there. Her pants had been pulled down and she had been bent over something. Everyone could see her, both girls and boys. She knew the boys were going to fuck her. As frightening as that was, it excited her, but she couldn't tell Mark that. "Just do it," she repeated. 

Mark's finger pulled out of her ass and she felt him kneel behind her. She couldn't believe her body scooted back slightly as her legs parted more and she pushed out her ass. She wasn't supposed to do that, but her body didn't seem to know it. His cock run up and down her ass crack sending shivers up her spine. 

Meg yelped as Mark lunged forward slamming his belly into her ass and ramming his cock into her asshole. It hurt like hell, but she pushed back against him. He didn't give her time to adjust, but immediately began to pump into her. Tears formed in her eyes, but her ass started to pick up his rhythm, pushing back as he pushed forward; pulling away as he did. 

She knew he wouldn't last long enough to climax her, which she desperately needed, so her hand went to her pussy to "assist". Never had she done anything like that before. Even when she did masturbate, it was always in the dark, in her bed, with the blanket pulled up to her neck. As horny as she might get during the day, she always waited until she went to bed before pleasuring herself. It didn't seem to matter now. 

At least her ass had become accustomed to be being fucked and the pain was now gone. All that was left was the pleasure and with her fingers teasing her pussy, Meg felt her climax coming. Mark pushed in and stopped pumping. She felt his cock pulsating deep inside her and knew he was climaxing, which pushed her closer. Mark remained still, but it was her turn now. She was so close. 

Mark began to pull out of her. Instinctively her hips pushed her ass back attempting to keep him embedded, but he slipped out anyway. The sensation of him pulling out was enough to push her over the edge. She felt her explosion and her fingers increased their movements. After what seemed like an eternity Meg collapsed down on the bail. 

As her senses returned, Meg became aware of Mark's cum leaking from her ass. She was still belly down on the bale with her legs spread and knew Mark could see everything. It made her blush, but she still didn't have the strength to move. "Got that cloth so I can clean up?" she asked weakly. 

Mark had pulled out of Meg's ass after he had cum. It fascinated him that her ass stayed open at first, then slowly closed. He had never really "looked" at her like that and he couldn't help but stare. It almost made him wish his cock was still stiff so he could fuck her ass again. When she spoke, he came out of his trance. He looked around, saw the rag, picked it up shaking it off, and then tossed it to his sister. 

The rag landed in her back. Her face turned red as she reached for it and wiped the cum still leaking out of her ass. With her strength now returned, Meg stood up and turned to face Mark. He was still naked, but his once stiff soldier was now hanging limply between his legs. "Can I have my shorts now?" 

A grin came over Mark's face. "Sure. Here... but no panties for the rest of the day... and I'll be checking, deal? You still owe me for spying." 

"Checking? How?" asked Meg. 

"Easy! I look in your pants to see if you're wearing any," he laughed. 

"You can't! What if someone sees you doing it?" Meg gasped. 

"Don't worry; I'll be careful," reassured Mark. 

Meg thought for a moment. "Will you do it to? ...and let me check? It's only fair..." 

"Deal!" Mark announced as he tossed his underwear into a corner and stepped into his shorts. Meg smiled. It might prove to be a fun evening. 

When they walked in the house, their mother announced, "Supper will be ready in about a half hour. Go clean up. Mark, it's your turn to set the table." 

"OK," they replied in unison. "I'm going to take a quick shower," Meg added. With all the activities of the day, she knew she needed one now. 

Mark nonchalantly followed Meg into the bathroom and began to wash his hands. "Aren't you going to take a shower?" he asked, noticing Meg was just standing there. 

"Yes, but I can't undress while you're here, stupid," she snapped. 

"Me stupid? What's the big deal? We just had sex. It's not like I haven't seen you," he countered. 

"Someone might see," argued Meg. 

"Who do you think will see? The door is closed. Mom is in the kitchen downstairs cooking and Dad isn't home yet," he again countered. 

"I guess," Meg muttered as she pushed her shorts to the floor and reached for her top. "You just want to see me naked," she teased as she pulled her top off. 

"Yeah... and you like to show me," he grinned as his hand went between her legs. "You're already wet." 

"Am not!" she blushed even though he was right. His finger slipped easily inside her. "Not here; not now," she whispered, but didn't pull away. "You gotta wash your hands again," she blushed. 

"Remember, no underwear. I'll be checking," he reminded as he pulled his hand away. 

"I know," she kiddingly scowled. She then reached out and pulled the waistband of his shorts out from his belly and shoved her hand in, caressing his stiff cock. "I'll be checking you too... and I'm going to keep you hard all night," she laughed. 


Chapter 14 

Mark and Meg made it through the meal acting seemingly normal, except each knew, or thought, the other was without underwear. After eating, their parents informed them they were going to the store and the two siblings were to do the dishes. Both protested, but only for affect, knowing their fate was already sealed. To ensure peace, their mother dictated that Meg would wash, Mark would dry, but both would clear the table. 

The two began clearing the table as their mother put away the leftover food. Meg was carrying a stack of plates to the sink as their mother finally left the kitchen. Mark snuck up behind Meg and, as she placed the dirty plates down on the counter, Mark yanked and her pants dropped down with the plates. 

Meg quickly reached for her shorts and pulled them up quickly and spun around to face Mark. "They're still here, stupid!" she quietly gasped. 

"Just checking," Mark grinned. 

The door closed as their parents left. Meg slowly brought her hand to Mark's waistband and pulled it away from his belly with one hand and slid her other hand inside, caressing his cock. "I see you're not wearing any either," she giggled. 

"You sure?" Mark smiled. 

Meg smiled as she pulled her hand out of Mark's shorts, but instead of turning away, she grabbed the top of his shorts and pushed down, dropping them to his feet. Immediately her hand went back to his cock. "I am now," she grinned. His hand went to her shorts. "What are you going to do?" 

"I'm going to push your shorts back down again," he grinned. This time, instead of snapping them down, he slowly pushed. Meg made no attempt to stop him. Her shorts fell, puddling at her ankles and his hand went between her legs. Doing dishes was the last thing on Meg's mind by this time and her legs parted giving him room. "Take your top off." 

"Why?" Meg asked instinctively, not really caring what his answer was. 

"I want to see your tits," Mark whispered, his hand still between her legs rubbing. Meg reluctantly released his treasure and grabbed the bottom of her top, lifting it over her head. "Wanna do it?" Mark muttered almost sounding out of breath. 

"Yeah, but I wanna do you," responded Meg. A questioning look came across Mark's face. "Lay down," Meg grinned as Mark complied. "Now open your legs," Meg continued. It felt strange to Mark to have his legs parted like that. "More," Meg ordered. 

Meg knelt down between Mark's outstretched legs. For a moment she just looked, admiring the sight. She then pushed her legs back, balanced above Mark so they were lined up, then took his cock in her hand. "Now I'm gonna do you," she muttered as she parted her legs slightly between his, aimed him, and lowered herself onto him. 

It was strangely different. Mark had fucked her before, he hadn't changed, his dick had been in her pussy, just like before, but doing it like this was still somehow different. Meg didn't feel like she was getting laid. Mark was somehow getting laid this time and she was doing it. It seemed to empower her. 

"How does it feel to get fucked? Like it?" Meg asked as she ground into his crotch. She didn't notice if he answered or not. Her hips were bouncing rapidly for a while and then she would grind into him again, trying to get her body to almost swallow him. 

Her pussy was on fire. She felt his cock twitch deep inside her. "No! Not yet. I'm not done yet," she snapped as she ignored his climax. His cum mixed with her juices making her even more slick. Strangely he stayed hard after he climaxed and she began pumping in earnest. She was in control this time, not him. 

She neared the edge of her cliff and began pumping even faster. Suddenly she was off, flying through the air. Her body began to control her movements, sometime almost vibrating, sometimes pushing into his crotch as hard as she could. Her climax seemed like it wouldn't stop, but just kept flowing. 

His cock was still hard inside her pussy and her body wouldn't quit. She reached down and pushed at his legs to make him open wider. Her legs closed increasing the sensations in her pussy. Again she exploded. 

Finally she could take no more and collapsed onto his chest. Her chest heaved trying to suck in more air. Her pussy felt like small firecrackers were going off inside it, but Meg didn't have the strength left to even move. 

Her body eventually settled. She felt his cock fall out of her pussy followed by his cum dripping out. It suddenly dawned on her that they were on the kitchen floor, the dishes weren't done, and their parents could walk in at any moment. She quickly stood and threw on her tee and shorts. "Hurry and help me do the dishes before Mom and Dad get home!" she blurted. 

Mark threw on his clothes and four hands worked the dishpan. In no time the dishes were done and both dried and put them away. When they were done, Meg stated, "I gotta go clean up. You made me all sticky and yucky." She headed toward the bathroom and then noticed Mark following her. "Where you going?" 

"To watch," he grinned. 

"Nooo... You can't! Mom and Dad will be home any minute," Meg gasped. 

Mark knew she was right. "OK then, tonight, when we go to bed, you leave your door open when you get undressed," he offered. 

Meg thought for a moment. She knew he would keep pressing for something and that seemed to be the easiest. "OK, but not if Mom or Dad are around. ...and you gotta too, so I can see too," she grinned. 

"Deal," Mark agreed as he turned to go back downstairs. "...but I'm going to keep checking anyway," he laughed as he bound down the stairs. 

When Meg came back downstairs, their parents were in the kitchen and Mark was sprawled on the couch. "Move over, jerk!" she snapped. Mark sat up and Meg had room to sit. As she did Mark leaned over and pulled the front of her shorts out. "No, I'm not wearing any," she whispered, then, as he sat back up, she pushed her hand into his shorts and found his still soft cock. It didn't take much effort to get it hard again. "Told you I'd keep you hard," she smiled as she snapped her hand back out. She chuckled as he tried to adjust himself before his parents walked back in. 

The evening was dull. Both their parents were in the living room with them as they watched TV. Meg did grab a blanket to cover and put her head on the arm of the couch. She pushed the blanket down with her feet and stretched over Mark's lap. She felt sorry for him in a way and didn't want their parents to notice his erection, but she had another reason as well. 

Mark couldn't touch her without being very obvious, but her feet were right next to his cock. Every once in a while she moved her foot slightly, rubbing against his continuously hard cock. Every time she did he would glare at her, but she only smiled back. Once during the evening both their parents had left the room at the same time. "Would you stop doing that!" he whispered. 

"I told you I was going to keep you hard all night," she smiled back. 

Finally Mark's agony ended when their parents announced it was time for them to go to bed. As soon as the two turned the corner and headed up the stairs, Meg felt her shorts go down. She quickly turned around, yanking them up at the same time. "Not here!" she quietly snapped. 

"Just checking," Mark quipped as he smiled back at her. "Don't forget... You said I could watch." Meg didn't answer and instead turned and started up the stairs again. As they approached the bathroom, now out of earshot of their parents, Mark mumbled, "I'll be a few. Don't start without me," and turned into the bathroom. 

"Going to jerk off first?" Meg teased. 

"No!" Mark blurted. "So what if I am! Wait for me." 

Meg followed Mark into the bathroom. "I wanna watch." 

"Ya... Right! Like I'd let you..." Mark grumbled and then turned to see Meg standing there. He glared at her for a moment, then his expression softened a bit. "You wanna see? No. You wanna do it for me? Get naked first!" 

His response shocked Meg. At first she just stood as what he just said sunk in. "You want me to get naked and then make you cum?" she finally questioned. 

A smile came across his face. After she had made him uncomfortable all night, finally she was the one uncomfortable. "Yeah..." He then expected her to storm out of the bathroom. 

Meg pondered for a moment. She had already told him he could watch her undress and the thought of her just stripping for him for some strange reason bothered her. It might be fun to jerk him off. 

Mark smiled to himself as Meg turned toward the door. He had finally beat her. Instead of leaving, though, she closed the door, turned toward him, pulled her top over her head, and softly said, "OK". Mark froze in shock. After a few moments Meg reached for her shorts. "You going to just stand there or take your pants off?" Mark's shorts dropped to his ankles, freeing his hard member. For a moment Meg just stared at it before Mark asked, "You too?" 

Meg dropped her shorts and stepped out of them without looking away from Mark's hard cock. It made her uneasy in a way that she couldn't keep her eyes off of it. Slowly she reached out and wrapped her hand around it. "Um... Do I just rub up and down?" she blushed, not knowing exactly how to do it. Mark nodded. "Like this?" she questioned. 

Before he could even answer he erupted, squirting cum onto Meg's belly. It embarrassed him he had shot so soon, but she had been rubbing him all night with her foot keeping him almost at the brink. 

Meg's eyes widened as shot upon shot of cum fired out of Mark's cock. Not knowing what else to do, she released him and was fascinated at how it seemed to bob on it's own. Soon he stopped spewing cum. She watched as his cock slowly drooped and softened. She realized she had cum all over her, so grabbed a washcloth and wiped it off. She then pulled on her top and shorts. Mark was still just standing there, his cock now soft. "See you tomorrow," Meg quipped as she left him. 


Chapter 15 

A few days later Gail and Rita stopped by. The day was one of the hottest in a while and no one was really doing anything. Rita mentioned she should have gone swimming with some of her friends, but they had left before she finished her chores. The others thought swimming was a good idea, but since the two sisters didn't have their suits with them, they decided to go to the club. 

Mark felt slightly awkward as the three girls were chatting away and more or less ignoring him. He had fallen slightly behind them when they veered off the path and headed into the woods. "Where you going?" he questioned. 

"Did you forget?" Meg answered. "This is where we saw the boy and girl, remember? We're going to see if they're here again." 

The three girls and Mark made their way to the big rock they had hidden behind before and sure enough two girls were there. The one they had watched before and another girl. She was about the same age but far prettier than the other. "I know her!" Rita whispered. "She's the prettiest girl in the class, but one of the shyest too. She won't even talk to boys." 

The four friends remained quiet and listened as the two girls talked. "I got it all set up. You won't just see one boy, but three!" the original girl began. 

"You sure it's OK? They'll show us?" the new girl questioned. 

"Everything is fine. I know all three and they all agreed to keep the secret and let us look. You remember you have to let them look too, right?" The new girl nodded. "I did have to agree to go first so they'd do it though, but I knew you'd be OK with that. When they get here, I'll do the talking and make sure everything is all set. If it is, we'll take our suits off first, then the boys will take theirs off. They will just look, but we can look and touch, OK?" 

"Wait, we have to go first? I don't know... What if they don't do it?" the new girl asked. 

"I told you everything was set, didn't I? I had to make an agreement so we could touch. You do want to see AND touch, don't you? Do you think they would let us do everything first, then hope we do our part? They only get to look but we can touch them and everything! You told me you had never seen a boy and wanted to..." the original girl argued. "You're not going to be a baby and chicken out now, are you?" 

"No! I said I would do it!" the new girl defended. 

"Good... Here they come now. Once I go over everything, we take our suits off. When you take yours off, give it to me and I'll hang them on this branch so they don't get dirty," she said pointing to a low branch next to her. 

One of the boys was the one who had fucked the girl there before, but the other two no one knew. The four friends watched as the girl talked to the boys and reminded them of the agreement. Again the three boys agreed and they supposedly had agreed with the one girl before. 

"OK, we take out suits off first. Then you take yours off and we can touch you all we want, but you only look, right?" the original girl repeated. The boys nodded. "OK, let's do it then," she stated as her hands went to the tie behind her neck. 

The new girl's face flushed as she too reached for her tie. She glanced at her friend, who already had her suit to her waist. "Hurry up. The sooner yours are off, the sooner ours come off," one of the boys encouraged. 

The new girl closed her eyes and quickly dropped her suit down, stepping out of it, but clasped her hands in front of her. "No fair! You can't cover because we can't," a boy protested. Her eyes still closed, the new girl's hands slowly went to her sides, but she kept her legs tightly together. 

"See? I told you I'd get her naked for you. You both owe me $5!" the boy who had fucked the first girl laughed as the three turned and ran down the hill. The new girl's eyes open wide as she swung around only to see her supposed friend running down the hill towards the boys carrying the new girl's suit. 

"Oh NO!" the new girl gasped as she crouched down on the ground trying to hide herself. 

Rita jumped up and ran over to the girl. "It's OK, Marsha. I heard everything! They are going to be in sooo much trouble!" 

"They took my clothes!" Marsha blurted at first, then realization set in. Rita was there and saw everything too. Suddenly she turned white. "Please don't say anything! I'd die! They'd just say I did it for them," she added as she began to stand, then realized she was still naked. 

"My friends saw and heard too and there's more of us than them, so don't worry," Rita reassured. 

"Friends???" Marsha blurted. "How many saw me?" 

"It's OK... It's just my sister, our friend, and her brother. They're cool." 

"Another boy!" Marsha gasped as she began to cry. 

"He's OK. He won't say anything," Rita comforted as the three others came out from behind the rock. "Mark, give her your shirt to put on?" Horror came over Marsha's face when she saw the other three looking at her. Mark pulled his tee off and tried to hand it to the girl, but she froze, still huddled trying her best to cover herself. He dropped it next to her. "Turn around so she can put it on, stupid," Rita suggested and Mark complied. 

Marsha quickly grabbed the tee and pulled it on. "We're going to... We were taking a walk. Wanna come with us?" Rita invited. Marsha's mouth was still gaping and her eyes like saucers as she looked over at Mark, who still had her back to her. "I told you he's OK, and you're wearing his tee now, so you're not naked. He already saw you anyway and he's already seen all of us too," Rita added seeing Marsha's reaction, then, realizing what she had just said, blurted. "Oops!" 

"He's seen you?" Marsha picked up. 

"Um... Yeah. I told you he was OK," Rita now blushed. "You know my sister. This is Meg and her brother is Mark. They moved here a little while ago," introduced Rita, trying to change the subject. 

Marsha relaxed some at the revelation. "Yeah... OK... I can't go home like this with my mother there and she's not going shopping for another few hours." Marsha slowly stood up, tugging at the tee hem as she did. Unfortunately the tee was short, not like her dad's big tees she wore to bed. It did seem to cover, but just barely. 

"Can I turn around yet?" Mark questioned. 

The three girls all looked at Marsha waiting for her to answer. She thought for a moment and then answered, "Yeah... I guess so." Mark turned and faced her. As he did, like any boy would, he looked her over. Marsha stretched the tee down trying to cover herself more. "Um... Thanks for the tee," she blushed. 

"You know... That tee isn't going to stretch that much. Every time you pull down the front, the back pulls up," Meg chuckled. Marsha blushed. "He already saw you anyway; just relax. Would you feel better if you saw him?" 

"I only saw the back," Mark added. 

"He'd show me?" Marsha questioned. "I'm not going to show him again!" 

"If you'll relax and stop trying to stretch out his tee, yes, he'll show you," Meg answered. Marsha looked at Mark. "Show her, Mark." 

"You'll stop stretching out my tee?" Mark asked. 

Marsha thought for a moment. "Do I have to show you?" Mark shook his head. Again Marsha paused, then nodded. 

Mark, without hesitation, reached for the snap of his jeans, then zipper, then pushed down. As usual he was hard, but he just stood there with his jeans at his knees. Marsha's eyes widened as she looked at her first "real life" cock and balls. For a few minutes she just stared, studying every detail. 

Surprising everyone, Marsha's pressure on the tee relaxed and she slowly lifted the bottom to her waist, showing Mark a thick, dark bush, before releasing the tee and letting it drop back into place. "You didn't have to do that," Meg stated. 

"I know. That's why I did. Those three boys already saw me. He said I didn't have to, but let me look at him anyway. He said he only saw from the back, so I wanted to let him see the front too. It's only fair. Rita said he was OK and I think so too, so..." Marsha explained. 

The three girls huddled together for a moment whispering, then Meg whispered to Mark. He nodded. "We were going swimming. Wanna come?" Meg asked Marsha. 

"Um... they stole my suit, remember?" Marsha blushed. 

"I know... We sorta don't wear suits where we're going. It's a secret place and we skinny dip. You OK with that?" 

"He does too?" Marsha questioned. 

"Yes, him too. You'll see him, but he'll see you too. He'll see all of us and we'll all see him. Wanna go?" Meg repeated. 

Marsha pondered for a moment. She had already seen him, the three boys had already seen her and he had seen her too. Although she didn't know Meg and Mark, they seemed nice and she knew Rita and her sister. "OK," Marsha smiled. 
