“If you show me your tits we can forget about the late rent.” I sighed at the greasy old man as I balanced a crying baby on my hip. I was tired, there was laundry on the table to fold and put away, dishes in the sink to wash. Dammit. 

He was looking at me...well, at my breasts...with a greedy smile. I was conscious of the way the hand-me down shirt I was wearing was too tight, gaping between the buttons. I sighed again.

My husband would be coming home in a couple of hours, probably with beer on his breath and in a foul mood. Reminding him that he had drunk the rent money again could really cause a row. Dammit. That greasy little man was still standing there, the baby was still crying. Dammit.

“Let me put her down for a nap.” I relented. He took a seat on the dingy couch, speckled with beer stains and cigarette holes from my old man's nightly passing out ritual. Leaning back and unzipping his pants, he was already stroking himself by the time I had her bottle made. I carried Julia into the next room, gave her the bottle, wound up her mobile and then steeled myself to pay the rent.

I had just walked back into the living room when he said “Well, let me see them.” I have large size D tits, and they were already straining against the shirt that was a bit too small. I undid the buttons to let the shirt hang free, and then pulled the large full figure support bra up over my tits.

He was jacking his cock steadily as he licked his lips. “Come sit next to me.” he said. I gingerly sat next to him on the sofa. Reaching over with his free hand he began to palm and squeeze my big tits, and then he bent over and began sucking on the nipples, never missing a beat as he stroked himself.

I leaned back, staring at the ceiling. His touches were not arousing. I tried to just sit back and relax, block out the smell of his body odor, not look at his liver spotted wrinkled old hands or the balding top of his greasy head. I closed my eyes and rested my head on the back of the couch, giving my breasts over to him, trying to forget about it all even though I could still feel his mouth sucking at me and his bony hands kneading my flesh.  

Jumping up from the sofa, still stroking, he yelled “Yeah! Yeah! You lay down now.” in this thick foreign accent. Sighing I laid down on the couch, resting my head on the arm. He stood right next to me playing with my breasts as he started jacking off faster.

I tried to block it out but I couldn't. It had been a while since he had washed and the musk from his genitals was overwhelming. The hair around his dick was grey and his old man hands were gnarled and death like. As he got closer to orgasm his pleghmy rasps began to sound like a death rattle. I was struggling to keep from vomiting.

“Oh yeah baby!” he hissed, and then his hot, thick, yellowy jizz was splashing all over my tits. He panted and groaned and trembled as each smelly wad hit my chest, as I lay there totally paralyzed with disgust.

When he was done he tried to be smooth, insinuating that he was looking forward to “next month's visit” as he headed out the door. Great. 

I lay stuck on the couch, not wanting to get up and have his nasty goo run down my body. Finally I grabbed a baby blanket that was lying within reach, and wiped his cum off of me. The way it felt as it smeared on my skin made my flesh crawl.

I got up off the couch and tossed the baby blanket into the trash can. Buttoning up my shirt, I surveyed the housework that still needed to be done. Dammit.
