Martha runs her hands up her legs, smoothing the lotion over her skin as she gets ready at the back of her small dressing room. Its a small but clean place, a lot better than some of the others she has seen in this town. There are three girls outside her door, she can hear them laughing and joking with one another, whispering in hushed tones as they all take a hit from a small joint one of the girls brought in.

Changing the song on her ipod, Martha focuses as she moves on to her make up. Some don't take the job seriously, and while Martha didn't plan on this being her life, it is her job and she will focus and do it the best she can.

The strip club wasn't John's idea.

John's idea for a weekend away was his uncle's cabin in the woods. It's right on a lake with prime fishing spots. Privacy, plenty of time to do some reading, some studying, work on a few assignments at his own leisurely pace... but his friends had outvoted him, practically unanimously. They'd wanted alcohol and naked women, so John finds himself on his way to a strip club.

It's not that he really has anything against strip clubs, and he definitely has nothing against naked women... but Erin would have his nuts on a necklace if she knew he was here, and he can't escape that slightly anxious feeling.

Smoothing out the front of her lab coat, Martha waits backstage for her cue. Perhaps her parents hadn't realised that all those years of dance classes would go towards this, but they had been very useful in the end. She's paid the most out of all the other dancers employed by Moya's and takes in a sizeable amount of tips each night.

She works hard at what she does.

Turning her head, she flashes a smile at Maria who calls out a good luck and gives her a light slap on the ass as Martha hears the opening chords to her song. Taking a deep breath she struts out onto the stage in just her short doctor's coat, a stethoscope around her neck.

The club is fairly nice... as strip clubs go. It's not too seedy, and the girls are hot. John's enjoying it more than he thought he would but he's still paranoid. Even though this particular club is a good hour outside of where Erin would venture (not that she would ever actually be caught dead in a strip club) he's afraid of seeing someone that knows her.

Martha's stilettos clack on the hard stage as she struts over to the pole. She's in her short doctor's coat with her hair up and glasses on. It's cheesy as hell but she finds it a lot of fun; and the boys seem to like it.

She winks at a table of men as she grabs the pole, squatting down and shaking her ass before slowly rising, circling her hips as she goes. The doctor's coat is short. Real short. Her ass cheeks are just peeking out from beneath the bottom of the coat, taunting the men.

Grasping the pole with one hand, she undoes her hair, shakes it out as she leans back, the top of her coat threatening to pop open and her tits burst out. Smirking out into the audience she swings herself around, legs wrapping around the slender pole before she slides back down.

Strutting down the steps, she makes her way into the audience, touching and teasing as she goes. There is a table of young men not far from her, frat boys from the looks of it and Martha can't help herself.

Striding over, she pushes one of the boys legs open, dropping in between them before rolling her hips back up and over his crotch. His buddies are hootering and hollering, but Martha turns, pushing her chest into his as she climbs onto his lap, giving him a free lap dance.

He's trying to stay disinterested and mostly succeeding. I mean, his girlfriend is really fucking hot and he does get to see her naked on a regular basis so it isn't as though he's starved for the sight of naked breasts.

And then she shows up. Her shoes are the first thing he sees, because he happens to be looking down. They're definitely fuck-me shoes, which he assumes is the intention, after all. Straps twist around her ankles and up impossibly long legs.

He only gets a few seconds to stare because then she's all motion, action, dancing, grinding into Jake's lap.

She's sitting in the boy's lap and can easily feel his hard on; while its certainly nothing she wants to deal with, it does make for great tips. She wiggles in his lap and can hear him groan audibly behind her.

Next to him is, actually, a rather attractive boy, his hair slightly spiked and messy and his jaw open, his eyes staring hungrily at her. Martha smirks over at him, one hand going to his cheek to pull him in and it is almost too easy to have him leaning in close, just about to kiss her.... before she gets off the other boy's lap and he's leaning forward missing her.

Walking around she places a shoe on his chair, her heel just narrowly missing stepping on his crotch, instead snugging up right next to him, giving him a bit of pressure.

His eyes are going up her legs as she takes off her glasses, pushing them on to him as she begins to pop the buttons on her doctors coat, her breasts pushing and straining at the top.

He doesn't miss the flash of orange when she plants her foot down. He has to force himself to stay still, not to move into the pressure of her heel against his suddenly hardening cock. The glasses feel weird on his face, plastic and heavy and a bit too small. He wants to take them off but he's stuck watching her, unmoving as she sheds the coat.

So far, she has undone the buttons but she hasn't actually pulled it off yet, she's waiting. His mind is wandering and he's not looking at her like he was before and she wants his whole attention.

Her coat hangs straight as one hand grabs his chin and she gently but firmly focuses his attention back on her. His friends are ribbing him but she smirks, holding his gaze. Taking the edges of her coat, she shimmies a bit, leaning in before sliding it off her shoulders. Turning, she shows the boy her back as she lets the coat fall.

Raising her arms above her head she begins to bounce her ass.

He can feel his face turning red. His friends are having a good laugh at him and he might even be able to laugh himself if he didn't have a huge fucking hard on now. He wishes she hadn't chosen him to pick on, but god damn... he can't stop staring at her back now and his fingers itch to touch her.

She backs up and bends over, grabbing her ankles and working her ass. Frankly, she enjoys working the shy ones; in her mind, they are the sweet boys that she would have enjoyed talking to after class, maybe have even dated had she stayed on that university path. So she likes when they are dragged into the bar and she's able to play with them a bit, dirty up their conscience before sending them home in the morning.

Turning, she finally lets him see her tits, pushed and held together by a matching orange bra. His eyes are glued to her now and she backs up a bit, making sure the entire audience can see her as she drops down and shakes her ass back up again.

She can hear the hooting and hollering and she does it again, shaking her ass some more this time. Throwing her favourite shy boy a smirk, she reaches back and undoes her bra, letting it fall away as she slides easily into his lap, stradling him widely and pretending to ride up on him.

She wraps her orange bra around his neck, her hips working him over as she breathes hotly into his ear and leaves a lipstick print right by his mouth. Something to remember her by.

She really does have nice breasts. Mouth-watering, even. He's been to strip clubs before and he knows well enough to know that touching had better involve some sort of dollar bill in his hand, but he didn't bring any ones (because he, unlike his buddies, wasn't planning on wasting half a paycheck on some girl who makes in one night what he makes in a week) so he keeps his hands at his side.

And then she goes and starts to play dirty, pressing her lips to him. He tilts his head just in time to catch the corner of her mouth, not at all on purpose.

Martha almost freezes when she catches the edge of his mouth it surprises her, he's being bold with his risks. But here, she hadn't expected him to do that. She pulls back, smirking at him, perhaps not so shy and quiet after all. Perhaps more naughty than she had given him credit for.

Her song is ending though, so she sadly slips down from his lap, her hands trailing down to grab at the sizeable bulge he is now sporting in his trousers, getting her own in as she squeezes and rubs him.

With a self-satisfying smirk, she slinks back onto the stage where she is now joined by a few other girls. A new song comes on as she walks down to her pole and swings on.

He's intensely relieved when she backs away, but part of him - no, not that part... well, not just that part - is also disappointed. He's flattered that she picked him out of the whole group of guys to pick on. There are half a dozen women dancing on stage now but his eyes don't leave her, and he's pretty sure he isn't imagining all the times her gaze slides right over to him.

He isn't imagining it, her eyes do keep making their way over to where he is sitting with his friends. The others seem to enjoy any girl that comes up and presses close but he, Martha thrills a bit to realise, doesn't. His eyes seem to be watching her the whole time.

And with that kind of captive audience, she can't help but preform for. Spinning around the pole, she flips her hair back, groaning, gasping as if in the midst of an orgasm. She winds herself around the pole and flips herself upside down, her legs holding her up.

Slipping down, she crawls across the stage, sitting up on her knees, hands on her breasts as she moves, pretending as if she was fucking someone underneath her.

She's obviously not actually having an orgasm and he knows that... the over the top fake moans just lead him to wondering what she really looks like when she comes. Is she loud? Quiet? Would she say his name? Would she even -ask- his name?

The songs change again and Sir Mix-A-Lot comes on. The crowd voices its opinion and as Moya's dancer with the most generous backside, Martha smirks back at her audience, one hand holding on to the pole as she makes her ass jiggle, bounce and clap.

Another dancer comes forward, her eye on another of his friends, and grabbed the focus of everyone else that he's with but John can't take his eyes off of Martha. His best friend notices and elbows him but John rolls his eyes.

She always gets extra tips during this song and today is no different. Dropping down, she shakes her ass fast, dollar bills being tucked under her thong.

Out of the corner of her eye she sees the boy she's been watching be pushed forward so he stumbles. Standing, she turns before dropping down so dues able to see him when he approaches her.

He's got the dollar bills that have been shoved into his hand by his frat brothers, tired of seeing him resist while subtly ogling the dancer from before. He's actually tempted, for a few seconds, to join the half dozen guys all grabbing her but something about the way she's just being passed off from hand to hand kills the urge. He steps back away, letting a couple more guys slip into his place. She's beautiful and sexy as hell but he doesn't want to just cop a meaningless feel... he's not quite drunk enough for that.

In between guys she notices the boy has slipped away from her closer to the wall. She doesn't want to admit that it makes her a bit disappointed but she is.

Sighing she goes back to her pole, climbing it.

He hits the bar and orders another beer, settling on a stool to watch his dancer from across the room.

Finishing her song, Martha walks off the stage slowly. She has ones stuck in all sorts of places and she takes her time collecting them. It's only the first part of the night and she's made a pretty decent amount of money. Counting it out, she makes her way back towards her dressing room to change and rest before going back out in a few.

He's on his fourth beer of the night, but when he turns back to the dancing stage she's gone. He feels a stab of disappointment but considers it a good thing. His frat brothers are ready to move on to the next strip club, anyway.

They're half a block away when one of his buddies realized that there's still a teensy little orange bra sticking out of John's pocket.

The rest of the night is pretty normal for Martha. The usual college boys and older men with an occasional table of women who are out for a fun night. After her boy leaves, no one else catches her eye and its really much better that way.

She is able to focus and stay professional, giving attention to the different men in the room wanting to part with their money instead of trying to keep the attention of a shy college boy.

*

It's Wednesday night. John has an early class on Thursday so he knows that going out isn't a good idea, but his temper is still flaring from his recent unhappy encounter with Erin and he needs some sort of release. He tries jerking off first but his roommate comes in with his obnoxious little girlfriend and John high tails it out of the dorms. Once he's in his car he starts driving without even really thinking about where he's going.

Wednesday night is a really slow night. Any night during the week technically is. It's usually burn outs, cheating husbands and the occasional and ubequitious drunk frat boys that frequent their establishment during the week.

Martha is already on the floor, as its a slow night there really isn't any main "shows" and she is already dancing, walking around the pole before spinning around it, pushing out her ass and shaking it so the man she's been teasing for awhile can give her another one.

He walks into the strip club and immediately feels guilty, though much disgruntled than he had been when he got into the car. He spots the dancer from the previous weekend and, yeah, okay, that's pretty much the whole reason that he came here. He makes his way to where she's at, feeling much more bold now that he knows he won't get ragged on by his frat brothers for any extra attention he might pay the dancer.

She is still taunting and teasing the rather rich older man who has seemed to take a shine to her. He pushes an extra one down the front of her bra before finally going to sit back down at his table. Smirking to herself, she hooks her leg up around the pole and swings loosely. She's not working too hard, its an easy night tonight.

The gray haired man seems satisfied, walking over to another little staged area where there's a blonde shimmying. She's pretty enough but John's got a one track mind.

The dancer's back is to him so he reaches out, trailing his fingertips over a mostly exposed ass cheek and then slipping a folded dollar bill underneath the tiny little string holding it onto her body.

Martha spins around on the pole, having felt another hand on her. She's surprised as most men try to make it painfully obvious they are not trying to touch the girls, just giving them money but this hand almost feels like it wants to run across her skin and the money is just an excuse.

Holding on, the pole tight in between her legs, she spies the young boy from the other night who caught her eye. He's looking less shy and a bit more sure of himself tonight. Raising an eyebrow, she smirks at him and spins again, sliding and pushing her pussy up against the pole.

He pulls his hand away once he's sure the money is tucked in there nicely. He doesn't step back, though. He likes this close up view.

Martha quite likes him up close. She certainly liked what she saw Saturday night up close. She swings herself down so that she's squatting in front of him, the pole behind her as she moves her ass up and down, dancing for him.

He wants to say something to her but the music is pounding and she probably wouldn't hear him even if he did. His hands rest on the edge of the stage, barely two feet away from where she's grinding and gyrating against the poll. The black skin tight outfit looks good on her but he kind of prefers the doctor's outfit from the other night. This makes her look cheap and she is anything but cheap, he can tell that just from the tilt of her head and the way her eyes are studying him... she has none of that vacant, thoughtless expression he's seen on other women.

He wants to say something to her but the music is pounding and she probably wouldn't hear him even if he did. His hands rest on the edge of the stage, barely two feet away from where she's grinding and gyrating against the poll. The black skin tight outfit looks good on her but he kind of prefers the doctor's outfit from the other night. This makes her look cheap and she is anything but cheap, he can tell that just from the tilt of her head and the way her eyes are studying him... she has none of that vacant, thoughtless expression he's seen on other women.

He looks different from most of the men she see's at the edge of her stage or even when sitting in their laps. He seems to actually be looking at her instead of just at her breasts or her ass or whatever body part she has shaking in front of him at the moment.

It's different and a bit thrilling after all the time she's spent dancing and on the pole to now feel a slow shiver and thrill to be preforming for someone.

She's looking straight at him now and it's definitely working. He's hard, hard enough that he has to discreetly adjust himself. Of course, he can't be that discreet with her staring straight at him... but hell, her whole job is to get men hot so he figures he's just letting her know she's doing a good job.

Every few sceonds his eyes slowly slide down her body, admiring the fluid way that she moves, but he always comes back to her face. She is truly gorgeous - large, dark eyes and long lashes, a full mouth that's neither pouting nor leering in an overly sexual way. He pulls out another dollar and grins at her as he tries to decide where to put it. He lifts an eyebrow, silently asking her if she has any preference.

She actually grins and pushes her ass towards him, looking over her shoulder and smirking now. She waits until he's just about to put the dollar under the thong straps before she begins to shake her ass nice and hard, moving it around and making it clap.

He laughs at the blatant way she's moving her ass toward him. He gets the dollar under the thong strap and then leaves his hand there for a few extra seconds just to see what she'll do. He's not grabbing her, really - nothing that would get him in trouble - just... lingering.

She's smiling at him, moving her ass back into his hand teasingly before he steps away from the stage. The songs change to something slower and more sultry and her hips move to match the pace. She rolls her hips nice and slow as she lets a hand travel over her own body, across her flat stomach, up her breasts before back down and around to her ass where she turns so the boy can see her give her ass a light slap.

He likes this song better than the last, and absolute loves the way she's moving to it now. He pulls another dollar out of his pocket and acts like he's going to put it in her panties only to trail it upward over her stomach toward her breasts.

She slides down to her knee's, moving forward so that he has better acces to her breasts. Her hips keep moving, her body swaying and jerking to the beat as she lets her head fall back, her chest pushing out for him as he tucks another dollar in her top.

"Beautiful." He mouths at her, actually winking this time. He hopes he isn't coming across like a jerk or a creep (since he's sure she sees more than her fair share o those) but he can't resist wanting to vocalize his appreciation for her.

She chuckles and keeps from rolling her eyes, of course she is. She's letting him watch her show off and dance just to make him hot and horny, of course she's beautiful. Smiling though, she stretches before shimmying her chest at him, one hand reaching up, massaging her breast while the other slides down her stomach and slips up her small skirt.

He's a little bit disappointed that her reaction to his compliment seems to be some mixture of exasperation and assumption, but it does serve as a nice reminder that she's a stripper and he's just one of many clients whose money she is happy to take. She's not Erin, he doesn't need to compliment her in order to get anywhere. (Not that it actually works all that well with Erin, either.)

He goes to take another drink of his beer but finds it empty. He glances between the stripper and the bar, and decides that yeah, he does need another drink.

Martha finds it fascinating to watch the emotions crossing his face, his disappointment at her laugh is not something that he can keep off his face, whether he knows it or not. She almost feels bad, bad for him, bad for laughing at him when it seems he did actually mean it...

As fun as her job can be, sometimes Martha forgets that there are still naive and innocent people left in the world.

He sulks at the bar for a few minutes. He can't help it; the alcohol is going to his head and he knows somewhere deep inside that this was really not the way to go after fighting with his girlfriend. He really does love Erin and they've been together for a while now, but it seems like their relationship will never stop being work. He's pretty sure that two people who are supposed to be together aren't meant to spend their whole lives trying to make at work. At some point, it's just supposed to feel right.

On top of feeling like he's been belitted by the stripped - by a fucking stripper! - now he's thinking about Erin and the fight and he feels worse than he did when he first walked in the door. He orders a double shot of whiskey along with his beer and finds a table near the back of the room.

Martha's set is over and she has a break; her boy has slunk off to the back of the room and if nothing else, Martha feels like she should at least apologise for laughing at him. She steps backstage and changes into something that's considered normal wear by strip club standards and heads back out into the room.

She stays in the shadows but she doesn't need to, the boy is obviously lost in is own thoughts. He jumps when she pulls the other chair out, the legs scrapping across the floor. "You know, we don't get many nice boys here," she says by way of introduction as she sits down in her seat, signaling for the bartender to bring her a drink.

The first thing that catches him off guard is the voice - British. MIT is a fairly well known university, so he knows his share of Brits but somehow he hadn't expected to hear that accent when she opened her mouth.

And then it dawns on his alcohol soaked mind that this is actually her, the stripper, wearing somewhat more than she had been before and sitting at the table across from him. "Uh." He says, eloquent as ever. "That so?"

She smiles, shaking her head, amused. "Oh, occasionally one comes wandering in, bright eyed and attractive. Usually drug along by his friends. Normally its just old men with extra money or boozed up frat boys. The nice boys make a welcome change of pace."

Giving him a slow smile, she takes her drink from the waitress ignoring the girls wink. "Alesha," she says, giving him her name.

"Hi, Alesha. I'm John." He says, and thinks about offering her his hand but holds back. Somehow it seems off to act like this is a formal introduction when he just stuck his hands into her underwear and gave her money. "You on break or something?"

"Sure am," she leans back in her chair and drinks part of the beer the waitress brought her. "Can't dance the whole night away." Winking at him, she laughs softly at how she can see his cheeks turning red in the dark.

"So what brought you back here then Johnny?"
"The appetizers. Best I've ever had." He says, picking up a pretzel from the bowl on the table and then popping it into his mouth.

"I dunno, I'd say I'm more than just an appetiser honey," Martha smirks leaning back in her chair and taking her time in crossing her legs, watching John staring at them. "But its good to know I at least got you started."

"Not what I meant." John smirks right back at her. "I don't think I'm carrying enough cash to get to taste you."

"That depends on what other goods you have," Martha taunts right back, folding her arms on the table and leaning with them. Knowing full well that doing that just pushes her breasts further up and out.

"What else do you accept? I don't have a credit card and even if I did I can't think of where you'd want me to swipe it..."

"Oooh, naughty," Martha grins, flicking a peanut at him and laughing. "Lets say that it would have to be worth my while. If you had something that might ...capture my attention..."

"Baby, everything I got would catch your attention." He catches the peanut and flicks it back at her. "And in case you did not understand that reference, I'm saying I have a big dick."

Martha stares at John straight faced before throwing her head back and laughing. His demeanor is changed entirely and Martha isn't sure if its because his brothers are gone or if its the liquid courage talking.

She assumes the later is helping. A lot.

"Oh I got it. And don't worry honey, I've already been in your lap."

"Yeah, but, you know... you weren't there for all that long. I thought you might have forgotten or something." He leans forward, staring very blatantly at the cleavage that she is equally blatantly displaying. "I'm just one of many, and all. Surprised you even remember me."

"You were just here the other night." She protests, if he gets much closer he will be face planting in her breasts. She imagines its probably a thought he's been considering.

"You also stood out from the crowd," Martha continues, waiting as she watches his smile begin to grow cocky. "Only one that night who didn't like my dancing."

He shrugs, amused that she is either trying to half-insult him or is fishing for compliment. Either way, he's not falling for it.. "It was okay."

"Mm, well," she begins, knocking back the rest of her beer and standing from John's table. "I have to go change for my next number."

He gives her a little wave, grinning as he goes back to his drink. He thinks about the class he has in the morning, and how if he stays there's no way he'll make it in time... but he decides to screw it, he's got good enough grades that he can slack off once in a while. The IASA won't reject him because he misses one class... and he'd really like to see Alesha's next number.

Martha slips back into her dressing room and takes off the shorts and cami she was wearing to talk to John. Grabbing her next costume (she has a full closet of them) she pulls on a bright blue thong and a matching push up bra.

The bra has "Lt. Col. SexyAss" written on it and there is a short, short, short blue skirt that she pulls on over the thong. Next come the shoes and the aviators. Smirking in the mirror, she touches up her make up and fluffs her hair just a bit before heading out and back towards the stage.

Some of the other girls are in camo and there is another girl dressed in army outfit, one in the navy colours and the third in marines. There tend to be a lot of military boys at the colleges up here and pandering to their particular armed forces has worked well in the past.

He has to laugh when he sees her next outfit. It's better than the black leather of before, but still not quite as hot as the doctor's outfit. Still, he makes his way to the front to get a better look. As it gets later the already sparse crowds have dwindled even more and there's only one other guy watching Martha with any sort of intent look on his face.

Martha can see her friend John down below, just behind the guy who looks like he's barely hanging on to his twenties. Grabbing her pole, Martha swings herself up, wrapping her legs up and around and through and flipping herself around. She hangs upside down, her thighs being the only thing holding her up.

She lets go, letting herself fall a bit on the pole before tightening her legs again, catching herself before she hits anything and letting herself climb back up the pole.

The other guy stumbles away drunkenly to ogle one of the other women, leaving just John and Alesha. He grins at her, leaning over and resting his folded arms on the edge of her stage to watch her.

Martha almost rolls her eyes, it is a Wednesday or else she'd accuse John of paying off the other men in the room to leave them alone.

Or perhaps she's just having an off night.

She schools herself to remain professional despite wanting to tease and taunt John personally. She preforms a few tricks on the pole, holding herself parallel to the floor and letting her self swing slowly around before she slides back down, her legs twined with the pole.

John has another beer and has made himself at home on the edge of her stage, smirking up at her. Rolling her eyes she sinks to her hands and knees and crawls over to him, trying to keep the accompanying smirk from her own face.

He shrugs at her. "Promise I didn't pay him off. Couldn't if I'd wanted to, all my cash went into your bra earlier."

Of course, that's a lie, he has a few more ones but he's saving them.

"Oh, that's sad," Martha admits, standing up on her knee's in front of him. "That means I have no reason to dance for you," she smiles but contradicting her words, she undulates her stomach, moving her body up and down as her knees slide on the stage, so they are splayed far apart.

She runs a hand down her body, her stomach now moving up into her hand until she has her hand cupped around her pussy and she's pushing up into her hand.

"Who else you gonna dance for? I mean, you could consider it an investment. Dance well enough now and I might come back later. What's that called, customer loyalty?"

"Oh, I could go dance with Maria. Have her and I move together and make twice as much off of the men in here." She continues to move her hips up and down, pretending to ride.

Her fingers begin to slide back and forth, finding her clit over the cotton and pressing just lightly as she jerks her hips around. "What do you normally like to see when you go to strip clubs Johnny?" She asks, her other hand sneaking around and undoing her bra straps slowly. "Call it professional curiosity."

"I don't normally go in strip clubs," John says, answering honestly. "I'm from Kansas... not a big town, didn't exactly want my momma hearing that I was getting up to stuff like that. I've only been in Cambridge for a year."

"Oooh, southern boy," Martha only half-jokes. If she was honest, she'd admit she likes the drawl he has when he talks, she especially likes how it seems to have gotten thicker the more he drinks.

"And what about now then Johnny? Since you're no longer in Kansas?" She grins and pulls on the edge of his shirt so he's closer to her.

He leans in when she pulls at his shirt, grinning. Hell yeah, she likes him. Even if it's just because he's the only one here and she's bored, but still. Erin is a distant memory right now.

"Now? Oh, I'm liking what's in front of me a little bit."

"Oh, a little bit," she pushes him off a bit, trying not to smile. He is so playing along with her and she finds it amusing. "Perhaps you need to come by more often then Johnny. Since your momma ain't around up here."

"Oh, she definitely ain't around." He says, and pulls a dollar bill from his pocket. "Oh, lookie what I found here..."

Martha's grinning, she likes joking around with John; most men just watch her but don't realise that there is a person there. With him, its a lot more fun and a lot more like she's taking her time just to dance and tease him.

Kneeing back over closer to him, she puts her fingers in the top of her g-string and holds it open, her eyes on his, almost daring him.

He slides the dollar into her g-string but doesn't pull away. Nothing about her body language says he's crossing any lines, so he slides his hand down a little but more. There's just skin, smooth skin, but then he feels the little bump of her clit and the soft, damp skin. He rubs his knuckle against it.

Martha's body jerks slightly, while she was taunting and daring him to, she didn't actually expect him to stick his hand down her g-string and to finger her. Her eyes close and she works her body so that she's in front of him, blocking the other patrons and security workers from seeing what exactly he's doing.

"Seems like you've picked up a lot of naughty habits your momma don't know about," she pants, her knees still spread wide. She's had quite a bit of her own to drink and she wants to blame it on both that and that its slow. And this boys voice that has got her so hot and ready to go.

"What she don't know won't hurt her." John says. He keeps his eyes on her as he lets his finger slide between the lips of her pussy, pressing very lightly against her clit.

"Aren't you a bold one?" She gasps, trying to keep control of herself before she opens her eyes and looks at him. She's still moving to the beat, still looking like she's dancing for John and not letting him finger her pussy.

Biting down on her bottom lip, she knee's herself forward and begins to jerk and circle her hips as she feels his fingers sliding down her body. She knows this is so, so wrong and so outside the rules. She should if nothing else take him back to the dressing room like most of the other girls do with their clients... But then that would be acknowledging something was going on here. And it is much easier to spread her knees wider and begin to shake her ass as her breathing changes and gets faster.

He's pretty sure that she isn't acting right now. Her chest is flushed and she's breathing a little bit faster.

He crooks his finger inside of her and tries to find the sweet spot, pressing hard against it when he does and then letting her own body's motion do the rest.

She's undone her bra and it finally slips down and off, her chest heaving as she breathes and dances for him, moving on his fingers.

Her eyes flash up to his and he's still staring right at her as he moves his fingers in her. She lets out a quiet whimper when he hits the right spot, her own hips quickly chasing after it and beginning to move and snap faster.

This is definitely the craziest thing that he's ever done. He can't quite actually believe he's fingering a stripper in a a random club at one in the morning on a Wednesday night, but he is and it's hot as fuck and his dick is so hard he could pound nails with it right now.

Martha can't believe she's actually letting some college boy customer twist his fingers into her pussy while she's at work but she really can't stop him. "Oh, oh," she says softly, biting her bottom lip as she begins to move and work her body faster.

He presses his hand flat and grinds his palm against her clit. Her breath catches and her hips stutter forward. Encouraged, he brings his other hand to her breast and lifts the weight of it, rubbing a thumb over the nipple. His eyes ask her, practically dare her, to come.

Martha is watching him, eyes wide open and on his. "Oh god," she whines quietly, giving in totally and humping shamelessly against his palm as she tries to come, she's almost there...

He begins to press a second finger in, pushing them in just a bit as his wrist rubs hard against her clit and she jerks forward hard, gasping for breath as she comes around his fingers.

"Shit," He breathes out, his hand dropping down from her breast to the front of his pants so he can squeeze his dick and relieve some of the suddenly intense pressure there. "God damn that was... shit."

"Fuck," she breathes, her body slumping, too tired to continue dancing. It's getting late, real late and while her shift isn't over for a while... Well...

She slips off the stage on shaking legs, grabbing on to the edge to hold herself up. "Fuck that was..." she can't even finish what it was. It was fucking good is what it was.

He feels kind of weird with one hand on his dick and the other still wet from finger fucking her, but holy shit - she came around his fingers, he felt her come and it was pretty much the hottest thing he's ever done. He's hard enough that he literally can't not touch himself, no matter how uncomfortable this wolud normally make him feel.

She's got this amazing intense look on her face when she grabs his arm. He followers her, catching her hand with his - the one that's still damp from being pressed up against her pussy.

Her eyes close when she thinks about that, about what she's actually doing with this customer she doesn't even know.

Unfortunately, her body is too revved up for her to be able to think clearly. She slips them both into the back but bipasses her dressing room. She refuses to think that this is what that is and instead jerks him into the bathroom.

Opening a stall, she pulls him inside and locks the door. it certainly isn't the most glamorous of places, but then she doubts he would care. She unzips his pants carefully as she runs her tongue broadly over her palm before wrapping it nice and tight around his dick.

"Fuck yeah," he gasps. He reaches out and grabs her tits again, because hell yeah, this is definitely better than watching her dance on stage and then driving home with a hard on. He grins at her through a haze of lust. "Hey, not gonna charge me for this, are ya?"

"Shut up," she growls playfully, pushing her body against his and shoving him into the wall. "You just put your fucking fingers up my pussy and got me off on stage John." She twists her wrist, pumping him nice and fast as he pushes his hips into her, fucking her hand.

"Yeah? You didn't exactly stop me. All you had to do was say the word, you know. But you didn't want me to. Wanted me to get bring off, didn't you? Make you come?" He thrusts his hips forward, fucking her fist as much as she'll let him.

"You... Your... Fuck..." She's already come and he's still making her head swim and her body hot. Her other hand reaches down and begins to play with his balls as she continues to stroke him off.

"I never wanted you to stop. Now come for me Johnny."

"Fuck, fuck, yes," He chants. "Fuck, a... Alesha... gonna come, so hard, fuck..."

He groans and his mouth drops open and his hips slam forward and he comes hard, splattering against the floor and striping her wrist with it.

Martha's panting hard even though she didn't come; she relaxes her body against his after he comes, her forehead on his shoulder as she attempts to relax and figure out what the fuck is going on.