Makaan Maalkin


Let me narrate my story. When I was searching a bachelor
accommodation, I could find a house on 2nd floor. This was an old
constructed house having 3 bedrooms. All the three rooms open in the
open air and there was only one toilet and a small bathroom. For
washing clothes, one has to wash clothes under the sky and there was
no roof on this top floor. The landlord and his wife occupied this
house. And they agreed to rent out one room to me. Very soon, I have
become just like their family member. I used to call them uncle &
aunty.

The landlord was a gentleman, short height and very thin. He was
having his sweet shop on the ground floor. His wife, Aditi aunty was
around 35 years old, very fair. She must be 5'4", very fair
complexion. I think her figure could be 36-28-38.

The landlord used to leave at around 7 AM and I used to leave around
10 AM. I was working from Monday to Friday whereas shopkeeper used to
work all seven days. But landlord used to come up for breakfast and
lunch.

One day when I was taking bath I notice that aunt was peeping into
bathroom. I ignored this said nothing. But something started cooking
into my mind. Next day I deliberately kept the door little opened and
started removing my clothes. I knew that she was watching me. I
removed my last cloth and started taking bath. I took lot of shampoo
in my hand and started rubbing against my cock. It was fully erected
and I was moving its foreskin back and forth. I became out of control
and masturbated in front of her thirsty eyes. When I came out, the
aunt was not there.
On Saturday around noontime, I saw from the window of my room that
aunt was washing clothes sitting outside the bathroom under the sun.
That time she was wearing a white blouse and white petticoat and she
was completely wet. Her big melons were almost exposed due to low cut
blouse and because it was totally wet. She was aware that I was
watching her but she was pretending if she was ignorant my presence.
She then opened purposely two blouse buttons and started washing
again. I became very horny. I could not control and stopped reading
newspaper. I removed my kurta and baniyan and started watching her
very carefully. She was smiling singing and washing clothes. She used
to watch me for a second and ignore me deliberately as if she was not
aware of me. Then she suddenly stood up and made a knot of her wet
and open hair. To my surprise she opened the complete blouse and sat
down and started taking bath there only. She was marvelous, very
white and a big pair of boobs with nice dark nipples. They were juicy
melons of 36 D. I started rubbing my cock.

She was rubbing her body mainly on boobs and reading my face. She
stood up again and unrobed her petticoat. Oh my God! What a sexy lady
she was! Very huge breasts, very big buttocks and swollen pubic area.
It was beautiful love triangle but hairy. She also put shampoo on it
and started fingering in. She was moaning, enjoying it and at the
same time noticing my reaction. I knew she was ready and hot and I
could do whatever I wanted but I was very shy then. I could not dare
to go to close to her. I was just rubbing my cock very hard. Then she
wrapped a towel around and shouted, "Babbal ! ek minute aa na". I
went out side in my pyjama only asked her, "Han auntiji kya hua?" She
was watching my tent pole bulging in my pyjama but only said, "Meri
kamar me lachka agaya hai, tu jara ye kapade sukha de. Mujhse yeh
balti nahi udhegi."
I told her to go and relax I would do that job. After doing this job
I went to her room asked her, "Ab dard to nahi hai". I knew that both
of us were doing drama.
Aunty: Han dard to bahut hai, tu zara tail ki maalish kar de to aram
mil jayega.
I: Theek hai auntiji , kahan rakha hai tail?
Aunt: Rasoi me se liya. Aur sun, zara main darwaza bund kar de, kabhi
koi aa jaye.
I locked the main door and brought oil from kitchen and asked
her, "kahan lagaun?" According to her advice I sat down on floor and
she lied down on the floor on stomach. She put her face in my lap and
put her hand around my waist and told me to apply oil on her back.
I: aise kaise lagaun. Toliya to hatana padega.
Aunt: Thoda sa neeche kar de.
I responded to her request. She was enjoying massage and at the same
time she was rubbing my cock with her chin and nose. She was
caressing my hips also. I got fully aroused. I asked her with naughty
smile, "Auntiji agar aap seedhi let jay to main aage bhi tel laga
doon". And she obeyed me. I again said, "Aunty, aese to mera pyzama
me tel lag jayega."
Aunt: to ise utar de na, sharmata kyo hai.
I removed my pyjama and I was now only in my underwear. And it was
bulging out. She smiled and lied down on the floor. I applied oil on
her boobs and massaged her gently. It was my first experience with
any woman. I had to use my both hands to fondle her one boob as it
were so big. I was feeling as if I was in heaven. I was fully
enjoying her fondling and she was also enjoying.
Aunt: Mujhe bahut maza aa raha hai. Tujhe bhi aa raha hoga?
I: Han auntiji, maine itne bade mamme to picture me bhi nahi dekhe?
Aunt: Tune kissi ladki to nanga nahi dekha kya?
I: bas aaj aap ko hi dekha.
Aunt: To tu mujhe chhup chhup ke dekhta hai. Ab jab tune mujhe dekh
hi liya to hata de yeh toliya aur poore shareer ki maalish kar de.
I got thrilled and I removed her towel and started massaging her but
mainly her boobs and her hairy cunt.
Aunt: Tujhe meri choot kaisi lagi.
I: Bahut sexy hai. Lekin baal bahut hain.
Aunt: Tujhe pasand nahi to saaf kar de meri jhante.
I went inside my room and brought my shaving kit and shaved her
pussy. She examined her cunt by hand.
Aunt: Are wah ! Aisa lag raha hai jaise main solah saal ki ho gayi
hoon. Baabbal tune to mujhe puri nangi dekhli. Ab apna saman to
dikha.
I removed my underwear and she started playing with it.
Aunt: Kitna jawan lund hai tera. 7 inch ka to hoga?
I: Nahi, khara hone ke baad yeh bus 8 inch ka hota hai. Uncle ka bhi
itna hoga?
Aunt: Us buddhe ka to chhota sa hai aur patla bhi. Us se bara to Ravi
ka hi hai.
(Ravi was servant in their shop).
I: To kya aapne Ravi ka dekha hai?
Aunt: Han, chudwaya hai us se. Par tera lund to kamal ka hai.
I: To aap chuso na ise?
Aunt: Kya? Lund koi chusne ki cheez hai kya?
I: kya aapne kabhi lund nahin chusa?
Aunt: aaj tak maine to kabhi suna bhi nahi. Han janwaro ko jaroor
idhar udhar muhn marte dekha hai.
I: To aapko 69 position ka bhi pata nahi hoga? Aapne kabhi blue film
bhi nahi dekhi kya?
Aunt: Woh kya hota hai?
Oh my God, she was raw lady from some village but what she was doing
in this metropolitan. In order to teach her I lied down on her
voluptuous body putting my face on her cunt and my cock on her face.
She declined to suck it. I told her that I was going to lick her cunt
but I would stop if she did not reciprocate. I ran my fingers on her
pubic area, I opened her cunt lips with my tongue rubbed her pussy
and clitoris and started licking vigorously - pushing my tongue
inside her pussy hole, sucked her pussy lips. She had started
enjoying and moaning. Then I stopped and asked her to suck my tool if
she wants more fun. She immediately started sucking it and I also
resumed. We were in perfect position 69. Soon she came into my mouth
only and I drank her entire cunt juice. Then I warned her that I
could come any moment. She did not listen to me and kept sucking my
cock like lollypop. She was looking like mad and sex starved. I came
in her mouth and to my surprise she drank every drop of it. My cock
became limp and I stood up. Aunt asked why I stopped. I told her if
she wanted more she has to make it erect again.
She took my cock and slowly moved the foreskin backwards - and
started stroking and sucking again. When it was erected again, I
moved little closer to her so that my cock was between her boobs. I
advised her to hold the melons tightly wrapping my cock and started
pumping up and down. I was enjoying the boob fucking with this sex
goddess. I rested my hands on her shoulders. She was watching it and
was looking for opportunity to take in her mouth again. She sometimes
opened her mouth so that my cock could enter her mouth. I was fucking
her between her breasts and mouth at the same time.
Aunt: Kitna maza aa raha hai.
I: Par ab main teri choot chodna chahta hoon.
Aunt: To kisne roka hai, chod do meri choot.
Then I put my cock in her loose cunt that was very warm and wet. In
the first stroke itself, it was all in. I started pumping vigorously.
Aunt: Ohhhhhh Ahhhhh zor se jhatkey de. Aur zor se. Aur zor se. Zor
se chod meri choot aur zor say. Ahhhhhh itna maza meri chhot ko kabhi
nahi aaya. Mere mammo ko daba de. Masal de. Bheench ke phor de in
gubarron ko. Phar de meri choot ko. Iske phatte chakh de. Ahhhhhhh
maarte ja maarte ja meri choot ko. Bahut piyasi ho gayi thi yeh, jab
se tera lund dekha hai bathroom mein. Apni auntiji ko randi bana diya
tune. Ab chod meri choot. chod chod chod aur zor se chod. Harami ki
pille, aaj se muth mat mara kar, bas mujhe choda kar. Karte ja, ruk
mat bas lora pelo meri phuddi mein.
Listening to these sex noises of high volume, I started fucking her
more hardly. My cock was going in and out in her pussy. After few
minutes I took out my cock from her cunt and asked her ride on me. I
lied down and she sat down over me and adjusted my cock in her cunt
and started jumping up and down and making her usual noise Ahhhhh,
Ooooooh. My hands were on her big hips and I was sucking her huge
melons. After a long time we came together. My cock and balls were
totally wet with our combined sex