Time is a silver river, swiftly flowing, and a thousand years are but a dream to a wandering soul...

It is the dawn of a new millennium, and we traverse the Hall anew.

Beyond the doors the plinths sweep out, adrift on veils of pearly mist, each with its burden of a soul. They march out in eerie majesty, into infinity, into legend, into myth.

In this place and time, seven souls concern us, as they did once before. Of the Seven, one Book glows with the white-hot gold in the center of a star, searing to the mortal eye. Oldest and eldest, this soul is approaching its journey's end. Another's glow has acquired a crimson cast, the hue of artistry, the brand of creativity. Yet another soul floats at the heart of an emerald haze, remote and beautiful, its psychic potential dormant and denied. And one soul gleams with a deep sapphire glow, the youngest of the Seven, pulsing in time to the music of the spheres.

The pages turn. A new chapter begins...

~~~~~

The New Zealand Press Association
Wellington, NZ January 20, 2000

Since filming began on October 11, 1999, the many-bodied entity that is the cast and crew of 'The Lord of the Rings' production has traveled the length and breadth of New Zealand, like a horde of army ants. At the helm of the swarm is filmmaker Peter Jackson, intent on bringing the much-loved book to life. And at the center of it all is the hobbit, Frodo Baggins (Elijah Wood), bearer of the One Ring, his servant and good friend Samwise Gamgee (Sean Astin) and a motley group of fellow travellers: the hobbits Pippin and Merry (Billy Boyd and Dominic Monaghan), the human ranger Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen), the woodland elf Legolas (Orlando Bloom), the Gondorian warrior Boromir (Sean Bean), the dwarf Gimli (John Rhys-Davies), and their mentor and guide, the wizard Gandalf (Ian McKellen). They are - 'The Fellowship of the Ring', and their journey is just beginning...

~~~~~

Sean Astin stuck the last candle in, and surveyed his handiwork critically. Nineteen candles - and he counted them again, just to be sure. The cake sat in solitary splendor in the middle of the cafeteria marquee, rimmed by Elijah's favorite strawberries, plump and luscious. Everything was ready. All he needed now was the birthday boy.

"So - where's Elijah then?" Billy wanted to know.

Sean shrugged, "He's with Pete. He'll be here in a bit."

Dominic looked up from the pie he was demolishing and remarked, "It's funny - how you always know where he is, Sean. What's your secret, huh?"

"I'm observant?" Sean really didn't like the direction this was taking.

"Bullshit - you weren't even there this morning." Dom tried for a cajoling tone. "Com'on, Sean, you can tell us - I mean - look, we're the hobbits, right? We're so close we're downright incestuous. So - what did you do - plant a bug on him?"

"Yeah, Astin," Billy put in. "Would come in handy - I'd love to know where Dom disappears of a night, I would!"

"Wouldn't you -" whatever Dom had been about to say was forgotten when a carrot stick struck him on the side of his head and slithered down his face. He jerked his head around and stared about him with narrowed eyes. Three pairs of eyes stared back with elaborate innocence, and the next minute, a full-scale food fight was in progress. Hobbits against humans and elf, as usual, and the latter were winning, as always. Laughter filled the marquee and overflowed onto the clearing beyond.

Sean breathed a sigh of relief at the reprieve and moved his chair to guard the cake. Dom's words had stirred a nest of worms in his mind. Now the worms writhed, strands of unease, tangling - going nowhere. He didn't know how he knew - he just did. Just like he had known Elijah when they had first met, in that hotel lobby last August. When he had flown into Sean's arms, exuberant and joyous, and Sean had been struck dumb; incredulous at the hot surge of tenderness, at the powerful urge to protect, and at the thought that had come out of the blue. I know you, it had whispered.

If he had been a more gullible sort, he might have called it déjà vu, but he was Sean; solid, practical Sean, and he had called it coincidence.

What if some other actor had been hired to play Frodo? he wondered idly. His hands clenched into fists at the thought and a cold sweat broke out all over him. Some unknown English twit would've gotten the part - and he would never have known Elijah, never would have been his Samwise. His heart ached at the very thought. It could've happened; Peter certainly wasn't infallible. Remember Stuart? Sean's eyes went to Viggo, who sat laughing at the byplay between Orli, Bean and the hobbit boys, and he smiled involuntarily. No, Pete wasn't infallible, but God be praised - he was almost inhumanly lucky. Everything had gone his way; New Line was almost comical in its non-interference, and he had gotten the funding he needed, the cast he wanted, and the perfect Frodo. If there was a goddess whose forté was happy families, they were her worshippers. The whole enterprise seemed to have been blessed by all the Fates. If Peter fell into a cesspit, he'd come up smelling like roses - he was that lucky.

A happy giggle, a flash of brilliant blue, and the birthday boy had arrived, with Peter hard on his hobbity heels. Cries of "Happy birthday, Frodo!" and the equivalent in the liquid Maori tongue peppered the air. Sean watched him make his way around the tables, watched the faces turn towards him like flowers to the sun, and saw those faces melt into helpless smiles of affection. Sean marveled again at their good fortune. If Peter Jackson was the puppet-master, Elijah was the glue that held the puppets together. He never complained, he never whined, and throughout the six-day weeks, the sometimes appalling filming conditions, and the early dawn calls, he never lost his sense of humor, or his unfailing courtesy. If he did lose it, he lost it in private, on Sean's shoulder. How could others bitch when the Ringbearer didn't? And he was so much fun to be with, too, on-set and off.

Sean smiled inwardly at his fancies, and watched as the others crowded around Elijah, presenting him with their gifts. There was a framed sketch from Viggo, books from Ian and John, CDs from Bean and Billy and a video game from Dom. Orli's gift of a garish t-shirt made him squint and wince. Elijah accepted them all with laughing thanks, and then he looked up and their eyes met.

Sean felt a flush warm his face and he got up hurriedly to light the candles on the cake. He'd gone to Elijah's trailer early this morning after Feet and given him his gift. He'd thought long and hard about it; what do you give to a guy who's got everything? What could he give that would mean something more? And what did he want his gift to say, anyway? In the end, he'd gone to Ngila with an idea and had asked her for help. She'd found a shop that did hand-made pillows, and he'd commissioned a travel pillow in a sturdy carrying-case. He had chosen a soft, velvety corduroy in a jewel-toned blue, as near to Elijah's eyes as he and Ngila could find, and the finished product had an underside of blue-dyed leather and a legend in maroony-brown embroidery that read 'The Lord of the Rings' in elvish script and the name 'Frodo Baggins.'

"For when you want to take a nap on-set," Sean had said slyly. Elijah's catnaps were fast becoming the stuff of legend. "Can be dry-cleaned, too."

Elijah's eyes shone with pleasure and he had nuzzled the pillow against his cheek, exclaiming at the softness of it. Then he'd looked up suddenly and stared at Sean in puzzlement. "Sean," he'd said slowly, "- it smells - of you."

Damn. He had totally forgotten. Sean tried to cover up his guilty start with a quick shrug. He'd come out of the shower this morning and the pillow had been lying on the dresser. He'd picked it up for a last look, and something had made him press it to his face; something that had made his chest tighten and his breath catch; and he had closed his eyes and *Jesus. Sean, you are *so* fucked up* yeah, he'd kissed it - kissed the embroidered name. His aftershave must've gotten on the pillow then.

"It does?" he had replied innocently. "Well, I did handle it quite a bit. Want me to have it cleaned for you?"

Elijah had shaken his head and had clutched the pillow to his chest protectively. "No!" he protested. "I mean - I like it, Sean. It makes me feel - I dunno - safe?"

He had leaned forward then, to wrap his arms around Sean's neck and murmur "thank you" against his cheek. The warm puff of air against the sensitive skin had made Sean shiver and he'd turned his head to plant a kiss on the hobbit curls. Lijah'd turned too, and the kiss had fallen awry, landing on the silky skin at the corner of his soft mouth. It had been the mere whisper of a butterfly's wing, the jolt of a live wire meeting flesh. They'd stared at each other then, their lips a finger's length away, and it would have been so easy, so simple, to just - begin. The world took on a crystalline clarity, and all of Sean's life showed in sharp relief. He'd seen it all, the fork in his path, the maybes and the might-have-beens and he couldn't take it; all his defensive walls reared up against it. Barriers erected by a lifetime of trying to bring a sense of order to a life in disarray, of trying to be all things to all people.

He hadn't imagined the answering spark in the cobalt eyes - the startled recognition. Simple to begin, yeah, but could he stand the inevitable ending? God. No. He really, really didn't think so.

He'd lifted a trembling finger to Elijah's cheek and stroked the soft skin. "You're welcome, Frodo Baggins." he said unsteadily. "And I can replace the stink anytime. Just you ask."

The dense lashes had swept down, veiling the speaking blue eyes. When they lifted again, those eyes were soft with understanding. He'd laughed, and punched Sean on the shoulder. "If you can bottle it, Sean," he'd returned, giggling. "I'll buy it all."

~~~~~

Sean had his face under control by the time Elijah reached the cake. He watched indulgently as Lij extinguished the candles with one long puff, and stared longingly as he plucked a strawberry from its nest and licked the icing from it with a darting pink tongue. He held his breath as the scarlet berry disappeared slowly between lips that rivaled the fruit in luscious hue, and he felt as though all his being was concentrated in his hungry gaze. Then Elijah shut his eyes and hummed with pleasure, and Sean felt the vibration go directly to his groin, and the burgeoning hardness there. God - but the boy was beautiful. Frodo's dark curls suited his delicate features; the incredible eyes, thick lashes sooty against the ivory skin, the dewy lips, the youthful body lithe in the hobbit costume. The roaring in his ears heralded the need to breathe, and Sean took a shuddering breath, realizing belatedly that the tent had fallen silent. Everyone was watching Elijah too, with varying degrees of appreciation, and there was a tension in the air, so thick, you could've cut it with the cake knife. Then Lij turned, a happy grin on his face, and the air shivered as pent-up breaths were released and the watchers tore their eyes away. The whole show had only lasted a few seconds, yet Sean felt as though hours had passed and he had run an uphill mile to boot. Sweat trickled down his spine and he shifted uncomfortably in his chair.

Sean seldom swore, except in the privacy of his thoughts. He did so now. Fuck, he thought despairingly. Fuck, and fuck again. He didn't think that he could take eleven more months of this. Because this was going to last; he knew it with a sick certainty. This unwholesome craving he had for a co-star ten years his junior - this had all the hallmarks of permanence. Elijah was woven into the warp and weft of his heart and mind, a vital thread in the pattern of his life. He couldn't unravel him, even if he wanted to. And he had to deal with it - the constant eerie awareness, the profound need - because he wasn't alone in this. There was the movie to consider, and Sam needed Sean whole.

Elijah dropped into the chair beside Sean and decanted his presents onto the table with a sigh. He hadn't seemed to notice the brief moment of mass voyeurism, but then, for someone who looked like he did, he was oddly unaware of the effect he had on other people. Sean handed him a can of diet pop and pulled the slumping figure upright in the chair. Then he moved his hand to the back of the pale neck and dug his thumb into the knots he found there, kneading them loose.

"God, Sean, that feels great," Elijah sighed, then glanced at him sideways and smiled. "You always know what I need, don't you?"

"Now, Mr. Frodo, sir," Sean replied with a Sam grin. "I'm here to do for you, and don't you forget it. Part of the service, sir, if I may say so."

Dom harrumphed from across the table, where he was trying without success to steal the strawberry from Billy's slice of cake. "You still haven't answered my question, Seanwise. I won't forget, y'know."

Billy ignored him and asked Elijah, "What's the schedule for this afternoon, Lij?" They all knew better than to trust the call sheet pinned up in the make-up trailer every morning.

"We finish up here, then it's back to the studio set to do over some Bree scenes." Elijah favored the two with a questioning look. "Pete isn't satisfied with the scale thing. I think he wants to cut us down to size."

"Chopping off my head will do the trick," Dom muttered peevishly. "Thought we'd get off early today - seeing as how it's his nibs' birthday and all."

"Dominic, me lad," Billy grinned at him affectionately. "Early or late, the results will be nae different. You'll have a head start on the drinking whichever way."

Sean wasn't paying any attention to the repartee. Bree, he thought. Shit.

~~~~~

Sean didn't know why he disliked the Bree set so much. Well, maybe 'disliked' was too strong a word. Rather, it unsettled him, really creeped him out. Heck, it was just a movie set, right? Just like countless others he'd acted in before. So why did this one bother him so much?

The four hobbits stood patiently outside the door while the make-up people sprayed them carefully with warm water and Pete explained what he was planning to do. Then he left, the clapper sounded, and they pushed through, helped along by a shower of 'rain' and a gust of wind from a huge fan. The tavern set was empty except for Peter, the film crew and a stuntie in one of those stilt suits. One of the key lights had been covered with red and orange cello and it cast a lurid glow over everything and everyone. Elijah went through his lines with Peter filling in as Barliman, while the rest of the hobbits waited, looking around with fascination and a hint of fear in their faces. Sean was finding it difficult to concentrate - the room seemed to recede and advance by turns - and there was something wrong with his vision. He took a deep breath and suddenly - he was somewhere else - a place with the same lurid glare, peopled by faces he didn't know, his ears assailed by sounds and words he couldn't place. It seemed to go on forever, a whirling kaleidoscope of weirdness, and he couldn't move, couldn't make a sound; and then a jolt shook him and turned the world askew, and the lights went out.

The stuntman stopped in consternation. He was supposed to push though the hobbit actors on his way towards the door, and they were supposed to look up at him in trepidation and get out of the way. But one of them didn't, and now the guy was on the floor and what the fuck was he going to do now? At least, he hadn't hurt him bad, 'cause the guy - oh, it's Mr. Astin - was sitting up now.

"Sean! What the - are you okay?" Dom and Billy were down on their knees beside him, their arms around Sean's shoulders.

"Dizzy - what happened?" Sean looked around muzzily. "Oh. Did I fall?"

Elijah had turned from the oversized bar and taken in the scene with wide eyes. He was at Sean's side with a bound, shaking hands tugging at Sean's sleeve, trying to look into his friend's eyes.

"Somebody!" he snapped. "Get a chair!" And to Sean, urgently, "Seanie, did you hit your head? Does it hurt anywhere?" He ran an agitated hand over the back of Sean's head.

"No -" Sean shook his head experimentally. "I'm okay. Sorry, guys - I must be more tired than I thought."

They helped him get up and he gulped as a wave of dizziness washed over him. Peter shoved a chair against the backs of his knees and pushed his head down. "Sean - put your head between your knees." he advised.

And kiss my ass goodbye. Sean thought distractedly. What was wrong with him? Was he going nuts? He forced himself to calm down, to think clearly, and found to his surprise that it took no effort at all. His thought processes were as clear as they had ever been. That didn't go with hallucinations, did it? A raised voice intruded on his musing and he looked up to see Elijah, hands clenched into fists, confronting the confused stuntie. "Why'd you push him?" Elijah was yelling, his face contorted with fury.

"Hey," the man returned, bristling. "I can't see too well with the head on, okay? And this rig isn't exactly easy to handle! Ask him why he didn't get out of the way like he was supposed to!"

"Look," Sean interrupted with finality. "It wasn't anyone's fault, all right? I just felt dizzy for a second and missed my cue. I'm okay now, so let's get this over with."

Elijah calmed down eventually and apologized. Dom fingered his chin and looked at his friend speculatively. Interesting, he mused. This was the first time he'd ever seen Elijah lose his cool.

~~~~~

The club was noisy and crowded, as everyone who could get away celebrated the Ringbearer's birthday. Viggo, Bean and Ian were there, and the hobbits and elf, of course. John had begun to show an allergic reaction to the prosthetics and had begged off. Sean took it easy on the alcohol, although the set doctor had given him a clean bill of health, and he felt pleasantly buzzed. He didn't want to think about what had happened anyway, and drinking helped him forget for a while. And he had other things to think about. Things like the paleness of Elijah's skin against the all-black t-shirt and jeans that he had chosen to wear tonight. Under the shifting black light and the strobes of the dance floor, his arms and head seemed disembodied, weaving through the air with hypnotic grace, his body a dark flame, flickering and writhing in counterpoint. His head was thrown back, his eyes closed, and the thick lashes threw long shadows that scored the flushed cheeks like ritual scars. He looked positively, incandescently divine; ripe for sacrifice, untouchable. Sean pressed the cold bottle against his hot forehead and winced. He had a long night ahead of him.

It was past midnight by the time they got back to their hotel. Everyone had insisted on buying drinks for the birthday boy, and Elijah had accepted all of them. He was well and truly monged. He turned an alarming shade of green in the elevator and they managed to rush him down the hallway and into his bathroom before he threw up on them. It was a close thing. Sean and Billy cleaned him up and stripped him of t-shirt and jeans, leaving him his boxers, while Dom cleared a path to the bed and turned it down.

"Seanie," a drowsy voice called as they turned to go.

Elijah lay in bed, blankets tucked up to his chin. Fearfully mature in so many ways, he looked about twelve years old in the dim light of the lamp. "Sean," he said fretfully. "Want my pillow."

Sean looked around the room blearily and located the bag near the door. He stripped the cover off the pillow and crossed to the bed to hand it to its owner. Lij took it with a sleepy smile and snuggled down, nuzzling it against his cheek and taking a deep breath. Within a heartbeat or two, he was asleep.

Sean felt a huge rush of tenderness and longing overwhelm him, and he reached down to smooth the soft hair back. "Sweet dreams, Frodo," he whispered softly. "I love you."

Then he turned to find two pairs of incredulous eyes regarding him from the doorway.

"What?!" he snapped defensively as he marched past, flicking the light off.

"Jesus," Dom marveled, "He'll be wanting a bloody bedtime story next." But he cast an affectionate look back as he shut the door.

~~~~~

The summer night was hot and humid, and the darkness throbbed to the beat of his aching eyes. Sean felt restless, uneasy, and the questions returned to torment his unwilling brain. Was this - attraction - something else to be laid at his mother's door? he wondered bleakly. It would be easy - so easy to blame her for this too. But the honesty that was the bedrock of his nature told him - no. Not this time, Astin. This time the fault was his; and the choices - they were his to make. He'd grown up in Hollywood, for chrissakes - there had been no lack of beautiful boys to tickle his fancy; if he'd had that particular itch, he would've wanted to scratch it long ago. His wife and daughter were proof of his sexuality, weren't they? And they'd had ten years of loving marriage; no passion, not any more, but he had been faithful, yes, in thought and deed.

Until now.

He surrendered at last to the inevitable, and relaxed, his arms lying loose, his hands upturned. His frantic heartbeat slowed and his churning mind grew still. The images rose, twisting, from the deep silence of his guarded memories and liquid heat pooled in his groin, shimmering. He walked in beauty, like the night, of cloudless climes and starry skies... his personal blue-eyed demon. His incubus.

His Elijah.

He found release, and drifted into sleep. And in the night, when it was darkest, just before the dawn, the screaming started.