MorganRunner14
by The_Druggist ©

Eighteen year old blonde Morgan Healy bent over in exhaustion. After a 
terrible fall soccer season she decided to concentrate on her running, 
hoping to be in better shape for spring soccer.

Four five times a week she would run, mostly in a tank top and shorts but 
sometimes when it was hot she just wore a jogging bra. It seemed that most 
everyday that her neighbor Ted would be outside when she jogged by. She 
would always smile and wave to him. He was a good guy. He helped her mom 
out a lot with things after her moms divorce. He was always looking at her 
though in a different way. There was no way this 52 year old man would be 
interested in her. But she liked to think maybe. Occasionally she would 
stand in front of the mirror naked and look at her own body. She cupped 
her small but firm breasts. She wished they were just a bit bigger. Then 
maybe the college boys would look at her more.

Ted Wallace had been a widower for years and had a few women friends since 
but nothing lasting. Lately he found himself addicted, as most men, to 
porn. He found himself looking at pictures of younger and younger girls 
until he found himself looking for pics of girls around the same age as 
Morgan. Morgan had been such a cutie growing up and only this year had he 
noticed any difference. She suddenly had this athletic little body with 
very cupable looking titties and a perfect little ass. Her jogging outfits 
weren't helping matters, in fact they were what started him getting 
excited in the first place. He began to wonder and fantasize what her 
little body would look like naked.

Morgan's mom was always busy now with her husband gone. Though she was 
still young, she couldn't handle all that need to be done around the house 
especially with her job. She was grateful for Ted. He always helped with 
and yard work and such. He was even happy to help set up Morgan's new Dell 
that she got for her birthday.

Ted was eager to take a look at Morgan's room. Just the thought of being 
in the room where she got dressed was exciting. He set up her computer in 
no time and attached everything, even the webcam. Morgan didn't know too 
much about the computer so he set up some things like Yahoo IM and AOL IM. 
He needed a IM name for her and she came up with MorganRunner14. He added 
his name to the Yahoo menu and even IM'd himself to show her how it 
worked. She wasn't sure if her friends used AOL or Yahoo but she'd figure 
it out. He liked how close she was standing to him and he prayed that even 
for just a second she would brush her breast against him. But she didn't.

A few days went by and Ted was working on some way he might use his 
binoculars to see in her window at night. But that would never work since 
her room was in front and her shades perpetually closed. He returned to 
his adult chat rooms and growing porn collection.

Then one Sunday things changed completely.

Morgan was not sure why she had lied to Ted about not knowing anything 
about computers. She was quite savvy with IMing and all that. Heck, she 
had spent many an hour on her old laptop (from mom's old job) chatting 
with friends. They of course all used AOL and Ted was the only name on 
Yahoo. For kicks she turned on her webcam and looked at herself. This was 
very cool, she'd have to get her friends to get a cam. Then she noticed 
Ted was online. She looked at her options and saw a ‘whos watching me' 
button. She clicked and saw it was empty. For kicks she decided to leave 
it on, but stacked some books in front of most of the picture. 

Ted logged on to yahoo and visited various chat rooms to see if anything 
was going on. Hopefully some couple was giving a sex show. Nothing. He 
started surfing through some amateur sites when he noticed something out 
of the corner of his eye. On his yahoo list he noticed that MorganRunner14 
had its webcam indicator showing. He stared for a moment at it in 
wonderment. His cursor slowly moved over the name. Online time 47 hours, 
idle 4 hours. As he hovered his cursor over the ‘view my webcam' he felt 
his cock stiffen. He clicked. He heart stopped while he waited.

The image popped up on his screen. Ted tried to make sense of the picture. 
He finally realized that there must be something in front of the cam. Yes, 
it was a pile of books that took up most of the picture. In the left 
corner of the screen however he could see a dresser in the background. 
Morgan's dresser. Ted pondered the picture on his screen, for an hour. He 
thought about IM'ing her but decided not to. He soon began to wonder if 
they were even home next door. He dialed the number with the excuse of 
misdialing if anyone answered. The answering machine picked up. He hung 
up. He looked at the screen once more, shrugged and then disconnected.

It was getting dark when Ted noticed the Healy's car drive past and in to 
their driveway. He wasn't sure what he was thinking as he raced back to 
his computer and connected back to MorganRunner14's webcam. The picture 
was the same though it was much darker now with the fading light. He 
started to come up with excuses if Morgan IM'ed him and asked why he was 
viewing. Suddenly the picture brightened as a light was turned on in 
Morgan's room. Ted's cock immediately became rock hard.

Morgan flicked the light on in her room and plopped down on the bed 
exhausted. Shopping was fun with her friends but with Mom it had become a 
drag. A constant fight over what she could and couldn't buy. Ugh. She 
glanced over at her computer and saw something that made her forget all 
about shopping. There was a name in the ‘who is viewing me' list. She got 
up and walked to the desk, staying out of the webcams view. It was 
TedDog99. She felt her whole body shudder as she realized that Ted was 
looking into her room right now, well a small bit of it. She wondered if 
he would IM her and tell her that her cam was on. She hoped not. What she 
knew was that she HAD to make it seem as though she didn't know it was on.

Ted watched with nervous anticipation. The light was on but he saw nothing 
but the blurry pile of books and a bit of the dresser. Then he saw her. 
Only for a single frame as she walked by. Then he saw her again near her 
dresser. Beautiful little Morgan. Then the light went out. Again he 
wondered what was going on. Could she not know her cam is on? She did seem 
pretty clueless when it came to the computer. Maybe she was playing around 
with it. He moved the cam viewer to the side of his screen and would surf 
until the light came back on again. He wasn't going to budge an inch.

Morgan had goosebumps all over as she plopped in front of the TV. She 
wondered how far she would go in teasing. Perhaps he wouldn't even view 
anymore. She knew he would though. After dinner it was time to play 
oblivious again.

Ted's heart again skipped a beat when at 7:30 MorganRunner14's webcam 
became bright again. He closed all the other windows and doubled the size 
of webcam image. He saw something move in front of the webcam. It was 
indeed Morgan. He could see her shoulder as she sat at the desk in front 
of the computer. To his surprise two of the top books were lifted off the 
pile. Much more of the room came into view. There was still some sort of 
pencil holder blocking the right half of the screen but the left was 
clear. Her dresser, the closet door, the foot of her bed. He could also 
see Morgan. Well her left shoulder and arm in a pink shirt anyway.

Morgan looked at her own webcam on her screen. She knew what he was 
seeing…if he was watching. She fought the urge to look into the cam and 
tried to focus on her homework. Which she couldn't.

Ted watched intently. Morgan was obviously doing homework but he kept 
waiting for her to position the camera on her face so it would be in a 
better position if she were to cam with her friends. She completely 
ignored it. Shortly she leaned back in her chair and read from her book. 
He could see her pretty face now. Somehow his cock found its way out of 
his pants and he was stroking it.

Morgan couldn't stand sitting any longer. She knowingly set her book in 
front of the cam, partially blocking it again, but not as much as before. 
She got up and went to put her new clothes away.

Ted watched as Morgan came in and out of screen, putting things in the 
dresser and closet. He was overcome with realization that she had no idea 
that her cam was on. He almost came right then. Then the webcam went dark 
again. For a moment he thought it stopped, but then realized it was so 
dark outside that it became black when she shut off the light.

As Morgan soaked in the tub she thought about Ted. Is he really watching 
her? How could he be interested in her? He probably wasn't even at his 
computer.

Ted had to pee like a racehorse but he wasn't going to budge from his 
chair. Was there actually a chance he might see her naked? She had that 
perfect little runners body, tight and compact, firm little butt and 
little tits that were quite nice. He remembered the other week when he was 
getting the mail. Morgan was doing her daily run and stopped to say hi. It 
was quite hot so all she had on were small shorts and a jogging bra. All 
he could think of as he watched her jog away, blonde ponytail bouncing, 
was that some lucky kid is going to get to fuck the hell out of her one 
day.

He almost made a run to the bathroom when the light came back on again. He 
couldn't believe his eyes when he saw Morgan walk by wearing only a towel. 
She walked by a few more times. He could see her hair was wet. Ted found 
himself talking out loud. "Drop the towel, please, drop the towel." He 
then saw her walk towards where the door would be and disappear out of the 
picture. Damn!

Morgan dried her hair in front of the mirror. She knew just what she 
wanted to do.

After what seemed to be a lifetime Ted sighed relief when Morgan was still 
wearing her towel when she came back in the room. She stopped at the 
dresser with her back to the cam and opened a drawer. Ted loved how her 
hair looked as it wasn't in her standard ponytail. And then it happened. 
Her towel dropped to the floor. Ted stopped breathing as he gapped at her 
naked figure. Her back, her legs, her ass. Just in time Ted clicked the 
‘save image' button. Young Morgan had pulled out some pajamas. Ted pleaded 
for her to turn around but her nakedness disappeared as the long nightie 
slipped over her tiny body. She then pulled on some sleep shorts 
underneath. A second later she was out of the picture and the light was 
out.

Morgan again plopped herself in front of the TV. Her nipples were still 
erect from the excitement. She could only wonder if Ted had been watching.

Ted quickly pulled up the saved image of Morgan. In seconds he was coming 
as his eyes focused on that perfect little ass.

Ted kept vigil on the cam until at 10:30 the light came on for a minute 
and then off again. He knew she had gone to bed. He could only hope the 
cam was still running in the morning. He logged off.

Morgan heard the IM door close. She knew it was Ted as he was the only one 
on her list. She smiled to herself. He had seen her. For the first time 
her hand slid between her legs and she massaged herself, and it felt good, 
real good.

At 5:00 the next morning Morgan was waken by the sound if an IM door 
opening. Bleary eyed she peeked over at the screen. A few seconds later 
his name popped up on the viewers watching list. She was unable to fall 
asleep until her alarm buzzed at 6:15.

Ted had been up since 5. He was already dressed and ready for work and was 
sitting in front of his screen watching Morgan's dresser, closet and desk 
chair become clearer as the sun came up. He knew this voyeur moment 
wouldn't last. Soon she would realize what was going on or reboot or 
something. But he had his cam capture program running and if little Morgan 
was going to show her titties he wasn't about to miss them. At 6:15 he 
noticed a light come on. Not her room light, but a hall light or 
something. His cock was already out as he waited and watched.

At 6:30 Morgan headed back into her room and turned on the light. Ted was 
still online of course. She meandered around the room for a few minutes 
just so if Ted hadn't been looking at the moment he would notice. Finally 
she headed to the dresser and pulled her small bra from the top drawer. 
Reaching down she grabbed her nightie and pulled it over her head. With 
her bra in her hand she hung the nightie on the closet door and then, with 
a deep breath she turned towards the webcam as she fiddled with the bra 
straps.

"YES! Fucking YES!" screamed Ted as he watched young Morgan turn around, 
her creamy white titties in all their natural glory. In less then five 
seconds she had her bra on. A few seconds later he got another glimpse of 
her cute butt as she pulled off her shorts and pulled on some yellow 
knickers. He watched for a few more minutes as she got dressed and grabbed 
all her books from her desk.

Morgan came back to her room for a moment before leaving for the bus stop. 
She noticed that Ted was already offline. She wondered if he liked what he 
saw.

Ted loved what he saw. He played it back again and again. Such perfect set 
of tits for a perfect little girl. He looked out the window as Morgan was 
walking by to her bus stop. He looked back at her tits on the screen and 
came again. He zipped up and grabbed his briefcase and headed out. As he 
drove by the bus stop on his way out he more than ever appreciated that 
sweet smile of Morgan as she gave a friendly return wave. He wondered if 
she'd be running today after school. He knew he would have an early day 
today at work.

At school Morgan decided to reward Ted if he was home before her run.

He was just pulling in when she got off the bus. When Morgan walked into 
her room she could see him logging on and then connecting to her cam. She 
thought she'd mess with him a bit by placing her Snapple on her desk, 
right in front of the cam. She then got changed into her running shorts 
and jogging bra. She knew Ted would be cursing up a storm.

Ted was definitely bummed when all he could see were the ingredients of 
the all natural drink. A few minutes later the drink moved and an 
aerobically clad Morgan stood there drinking. He watched her set it back 
down (though not in the way) on the desk and sit on the end of the bed. 
His cock was already wilting as he watched her tying her shoes. He stopped 
his cursing when he noticed her fiddling with her bra top. She kept 
picking at the side as though it was bothering her. Suddenly Morgan 
grabbed both sides and pulled it off over her head. His cock sprang to 
life as he watched her pick at the bra top, all the while her titties in 
plain view. She then got up and walked over to the desk and set the bra on 
the back of the chair. Such a great shot of her tits. Morgan then 
proceeded to try on two more tops. Each time removing them and setting 
them on the chair. Each time giving Ted a brilliant view of her tits. It 
was the little mole next to her right nipple that set him off, coming in 
waves.

Over the next week Morgan continued. As not to be obvious she would 
sometimes dress out of view and even go a day without giving Ted anything 
to see. Usually she would be just behind the pencil holder where he 
couldn't see her. Then there was the day when she let Ted know that she 
was a true blonde. She took off her short and knickers almost right in 
front of the camera.

Ted was so hooked. Even more so when Morgan gave him that great beaver 
shot. The light tuft of blonde pubic hair did nothing to hide those sweet 
little lips. How much he'd give to be able to put his cock inside her and 
inject her with one of the hundred loads he had already cum by her. He 
watched her as much as he could not caring if she was sitting fully 
dressed doing homework.

Then he screwed up. When Morgan was not at home he still visited the chat 
rooms. Mostly amateur couples or voyeur-wife rooms but sometimes really 
raunchy fantasy ones. Ted was private chatting with another when he wanted 
to paste a dirty link to him. He hadn't copied it correctly and instead 
pasted MorganRunner14. He had been renaming files earlier and had the name 
copied for a short cut. He quickly sent another message with the correct 
link and brushed off the questioning about the IM name. He hoped the guy 
would ignore it. He didn't.

When Morgan got home from school she was wondering how she might tease Ted 
today. She stepped into the room and glanced at the screen. She stopped 
short. She blinked. Yes, there were two names on the view list. She walked 
by the cam to a spot she could read the screen without being seen. Who the 
hell was MasterCK4891. She looked up his profile and saw a 48 year old 
nasty looking bearded guy whose only info was listed in his hobbies and it 
was ‘fucking the hell out of just about anything'. Suddenly frightened, 
Morgan left her room.

She went downstairs and thought about the cam. How had he gotten her name? 
Did Ted really give it to someone? Why would he do that?

Now there was someone else looking into her room. At first she thought 
about shutting the whole cam down but she couldn't get over how it excited 
her somehow. Maybe she'd let it ride a little longer 

She went back to her room and changed into her running gear, all the while 
keeping her back to the cam. She felt a bit creeped out by the thought of 
other eyes on her but by the time she got back from her run she knew she 
would be disappointed if the other had left.

She wasn't disappointed. When she got back to her room there were four 
names on the list. She did her best to be non-chalant about changing. She 
took off her sports bra and tossed it in the basket. She cupped her 
boobies for a moment as she always did to massage out the tightness and 
itchiness from the bra. She then took a few seconds to pick out a shirt 
from the closet and even more time before she put it on. Again she fought 
the urge to look at the webcam and computer. She pulled off her sweaty 
shorts and knickers and pulled on a fresh pair of shorts without showing 
too much. 

By the time she came back after dinner to do her homework there were ten 
names on the list. Where were all of these people coming from? She went 
through their profiles and noted that they were all middle age and older 
men some were even in their sixties.. Every few minutes another name 
popped onto the view list. Nineteen sets of eyes were on her when she 
dropped her towel and put on her pajamas. When she went to bed that night 
her list was filled to the maximum amount of viewers, thirty.

As Morgan lay in bed rubbing herself she thought of the thirty perverts 
who were watching her. They didn't seem to care that she was so young. 
They didn't care that she had small boobies. They just wanted to see her 
get naked. They were just a bunch of dirty old fuckers. She wondered if 
they touched their cocks when they watched. Suddenly she felt her hips 
start to writhe as she came.

MasterCK4891 had not only checked out her cam he made Ted divulge the 
whole story by threatening to IM Morgan and spill the beans. A shamed Ted 
told him all. Ted's pang of guilt ebbed quickly as he thought of the 
wonderful gift he gave to his fellow pervs. It felt even better then when 
he had posted pictures of his last girlfriend nude.

The next two days went by and Morgan continued to give her ‘audience' 
brief shows. Although it thrilled her just wished she knew what they were 
thinking. 

That evening after her run Morgan sat back at her desk and sipped her 
Snapple as she chatted with her friends on AOL IM and posted on message 
boards. She used AOL since it was separate from Yahoo and none could see 
her webcam. She was now used to having strangers watch her. She wondered 
how they could stand watching her sit there for hours doing nothing but 
typing on the computer. 

For fun she checked MasterCK4891's profile again. She was shocked when she 
read his revised hobbies list. It now read ‘1. Watching Morgan, 2. 
Chatting about Morgan, 3. Worshipping Morgan, 4 Dreaming of Morgan' 


Chatting about Morgan? Was he really? Where would he do that? Maybe all 
the people watching her were talking about her. She started perusing the 
yahoo chat room list but didn't see anything good. She then recalled that 
her account was set up as a minor. Just as well since showing up when they 
were talking about her wouldn't be good.

Morgan un-retired her mom's old laptop and booted up. She created a new 
male adult yahoo account (TheGuy1960) and started looking through chat 
rooms. Then she noticed the ‘Go to Chat User'. She clicked on it and 
entered ‘MasterCK4891'. It tried to connect and then a message popped up, 
‘Morgan Luvrs chat room is full. Try Later' Morgan Luvrs? No way. She 
tried to get in for 15 minutes before the room popped open and a list of 
40 users filled the screen. It stayed blank for a moment.

KILLR_JOE: Blah Blah homework homework chat chat

TOMKNIGHT: Yup yup but patience is a virture

SKINNER_CLOTHES_OFF: And payoff is bliss

KILLR_JOE: no shit man 

TOMKNIGHT: …and theres still towel time to come!

CUTRIGHT9: You mean towel off time

SKINNER_CLOTHES_OFF: lol

KILLR_JOE: lol

Morgan stared at the screen unbelievingly. She looked at the view me list 
and saw all those names on it. They were indeed the ones watching her.

She stood up and walked to her dresser and pretended to get some thing 
from it. She came and sat back down and looked at the screen. 

SKINNER_CLOTHES_OFF: She's UP!

CUTRIGHT9: On the move.

KILLR_JOE: Towel time :)?

SKINNER_CLOTHES_OFF: Back down…false alarm

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: DAMN

SLIMPIKENS: Crap, my wife's gonna be home soon.

Morgan sat back in her chair and watched the words fly by.

KILLR_JOE: Oh I love when she sits back. What a fuckin cutie

SKINNER_CLOTHES_OFF: Here, here!

MASTERCK4891: How I'd love to forcefeed that pretty face a hot load from 
my cock.

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: Don't sugarcoat it Master…You should let your feeling 
out…lol

MASTERCK4891: Hehe…and a special thanks to Teddyboy (or NXTDRNBR as he is 
now known) for finally moving that fuckin pencil holder!

Morgan froze. Slowly she sat up and read it again.

SLIMPIKENS: yes, kudos to NXTDRNBR

NXTDRNBR: My wish is your command!

Morgan glanced at her pencil holder. It was no longer in front of the 
webcam, but a few inches to the right of it. Ted had been in her room! 
Holy shit. For some reason her only thought after that was that she was 
glad she installed the CamHide program to make the webcam window unseen. 
She hadn't wanted her Mom to see it running. If Ted had seen the cam 
running he would have known she knew about it. She opened the webcam 
screen and could see that right half of the window was now clear and most 
of her bed and the bedroom door could be seen.

She took another sip and sat back.

CUTRIGHT9: Did anyone catch her Mom putting clothes away this afternoon?

MASTERCK4891: Yup

CUTRIGHT9: She's do-able too

SLIMPIKENS: Not likely that she'd get naked in here...hehe

NXTDRNBR: Doubt it…but I have seen her tits

Morgan's jaw dropped.

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: No way.

NXTDRNBR: Oh yeah, last summer. Caught her through the blinds with my 
binocs

MASTERCK4891: wow

NXTDRNBR: Yup, Morgan's gonna have a very fine set of tits in a few years.

NXTDRNBR: …not that they aint perfect right now

CUTRIGHT9: I was gonna say…I'd nurse on those little babies for a week.

Slowly she typed in the chat box

THEGUY1960: How did you get in the house?

She waited.

NXTDRNBR: Copied the key a few years ago. Just dug it up again

CUTRIGHT9: You dog you!

Morgan watched for a few more minutes. Her knickers were wet. Never before 
had she ever gotten wet without touching herself. She felt like she was 
going to explode or pass out. Instead she got up.

SKINNER_CLOTHES_OFF: She's up again

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: Checking out the dresser…

MASTERCK4891: and OFF WITH THE SHIRT!

Morgan dropped her shirt in the basket and walked over to the far side of 
the bed where she knew they could now see her with the unobstructed view. 
She started to remove her bra.

SLIMPIKENS: Oh thank you God!

LOCKJAWww: Look at those puffy nubbies

KILLR_JOE: and the pants

TOMKNIGHT: If we get bush I will just die happy

CUTRIGHT9: Fuckin A

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: Lookit that

SLIMPIKENS: We have bush!

SKINNER_CLOTHES_OFF: Does that look tasty or what?

TOMKNIGHT: I'm dying and I'm happy

SLIMPIKENS: shes gone

LOCKJAWww: clapping icon

KILLR_JOE: clapping icon

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: clapping icon

When Morgan finally got back to her desk she read through the log. She 
smiled at the clapping icons. They were repeated again after she had come 
back from the bath and got into her PJ's. Later that night in bed she 
thought of how they loved her ‘fine blonde cunt' and how they would love 
to stick their finger, tongue and cock in it. She felt so sleazy. She 
wondered what being forcefed a hot load was like. From someone old enough 
to be her grandfather. As she came she knew it had to be good.

When she got home from school the next day she reread the log from the day 
on her laptop. Again they loved her little morning show of getting dressed 
though she mainly only showed them her backside. And again she loved some 
of the more explicit comments about what they would do with her rear end.

As she sipped her Snapple she saw how Ted (or rather NXTDRNBR) has them 
view his webcam. He was showing from his window Morgan walking out her 
driveway and to her busstop. They knew he was on the level. They also did 
something else. They started a bidding war.

Ted knew each Tuesday evening Morgan's Mom would take her to choir 
practice at the school. After they left he would sneak in and steal 
Morgan's sweaty jogging knickers. The highest bidder would get them in the 
mail.

When Morgan got home the first thing she noticed that indeed her knickers 
were gone. As she read through the log she saw the clapping icons as a 
masked Ted had pulled her pink striped knickers from the basket, sniffed 
them and then in front of the webcam had placed them in a ziplock baggie 
and then into a manila envelope. By this time on Thursday for the total of 
$100 MASTERCK4891 would have his nose buried deep in the scent of Morgan's 
tender young pussy.

Within a few minutes the group had hatched a plan for Ted to buy matching 
knickers and substitute the same panty in the basket for the one he stole. 
The next day he would check her brand while she was on her run. 

Later that evening at the same time that Morgan rubbed herself to orgasm, 
MASTERCK4891, with Morgan's knickers wrapped around his cock flooded his 
load into the soft pink material.

Ted later received and interesting IM from MASTERCK4891. Tomorrow during 
Morgan's run Ted would have a second item on his agenda.

At lunch time the next day Morgan sneaked out of school and ran to the 
nearby strip mall. She popped in the Fashion Bug and bought ten new pairs 
of knickers to replace all the unmatched pairs in her drawer. When she got 
home she threw nine of them in the dryer to make them look used but left 
the tag on one. When she got to her room she set her books on the desk and 
her Snapple in front of the cam to block the view. She yanked out her old 
knickers and jammed in the new ones. After she was satisfied that all 
looked normal she went back to her desk.

She pulled out the laptop, which was still running, from her locked drawer 
and opened it. She smiled as she saw the joy following Ted's announcement 
that she just got off the bus was replaced with bitching at a Snapple 
bottle. She kept teasing them by drinking and setting it in the way again. 
As she reviewed the log she found that TOMKNIGHT would be the lucky owner 
of today's knickers. He might have to wait until tomorrow when Morgan was 
at school but Ted would try. She also kept seeing references to Ted's big 
surprise. The thought left her mind as she changed and left for her run. 
She knew Ted would be over while she was gone and bet herself $50 that the 
Snapple would be moved out of the way when she got back.

Morgan's mom pulled in the driveway just as Morgan was finishing her run. 
Her mom had no problem agreeing to go out to Chi-Chi's for dinner.

Morgan had to hide her grin when she reached her room and saw that indeed 
her drink was moved. She came over and took big swig and thought about 
placing it in front of the cam again. Instead she sat on the bed and took 
another drink. She looked at the bottle strangely for a second. Something 
seemed different. She set the bottle on the floor and pulled off her top 
and stretched. She pulled off her shorts, took another swig and lay back 
on the bed in just her knickers. She knew the crowd would like seeing her 
like this. She knew they'd like it even more if she rubbed her pussy.

Finally she sat up and took another big drink, finishing her iced tea. She 
decided to give them a treat by sitting topless at the computer.

TOMKNIGHT: Wow topless typing. SHOT SCORE!!

CUTRIGHT9: Beautiful!

KILLR_JOE: Look at those little beauties

NXTDRNBR: Gotta love that little mole

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: I still can't believe she drank it!

MASTERCK4891: Oh yeah, downed it like no tomorrow.

TOMKNIGHT: If she only knew.

Knew what? Did they drug her? Morgan frantically scrolled up.

SLIMPIKENS: lol Fashion bug! NXT is the man.

MASTERCK4891: hehe, I know who's headed to the Bug tomorrow.

She scrolled down a little.

KILLR_JOE: What's he doing now?

CUTRIGHT9: He's pulling his fricken wiener out

CHUBMANz: He gonna cum on her knickers?

MASTERCK4891: You'll see in a second

TOMKNIGHT: Strokin strokin strokin

SLIMPIKENS: lol

CUTRIGHT9: Not the Snapple!

KILLR_JOE: Holy shit

MASTERCK4891: There she blows!

SLIMPIKENS: No way

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: Did he really just cum in that bottle?

Morgan looked over at the empty Snapple bottle. She really didn't just do 
what she thought she did.

TOMKNIGHT: She's back.

MASTERCK4891: C'mon Morgy, we know how thirsty you are after a run.

CUTRIGHT9: Drink! Drink! Drink!

SLIMPIKENS: There she goes!

KILLR_JOE: And again.

CHUBMANz: and off with the top

MASTERCK4891: Uh oh she's lookin at it. She knows something is wrong.

BIGWIG_WIGBIG: Look at her laid back like that. Please lord give me 5 
minutes with that body!

CUTRIGHT9: Get in line after me Wig

MASTERCK4891: Gulp gulp…and there it goes down the hatch

TOMKNIGHT: wow

SLIMPIKENS: I'm fucking speechless.

MASTERCK4891: So Teddy how does it feel to have your entire load in her 
belly?

NXTDRNBR: I'd have to say pretty darn good

KILLR_JOE: Too bad it wasn't her lips wrapped around your cock instead of 
that bottle, hehe

Morgan was in shock. She had just drank all of whatever came out of Ted 
penis. She swooned at the thought. She ‘placed' an open book in front of 
the cam and leaned back in her chair. One hand rubbed her belly where Teds 
cum was now in and the other hand rubbed her crotch. She pushed her 
knickers far inside her as she rubbed and then came hard. TOMKNIGHT would 
have a very nice set of knickers.

When Morgan got home after dinner the knickers were gone. Later that night 
she came again fantasizing about having Ted cum right in her mouth.

By the next day Ted's little business venture had taken on a second venue. 
At the cost of $100 to MASTERCK4891 a package on ice was already on its 
way to Ted.

A day later Morgan sat at her desk. She was breathing hard from her run, 
but even more from the sight of the bottle of Ice Tea. She had read the 
log and already knew that Ted had been in the room, opened a small box, 
cut the corner of a small ziplock baggie and emptied it's milky white 
contents into her drink. In the chatroom MASTERCK4891 was willing her to 
drink. She pulled up his profile and looked at his picture again. He 
wasn't a pretty sight. She picked up the bottle and put it back down 
before drinking. The chat room booed her. Morgan then lifted the bottle to 
her lips. Slowly she let the cool liquid fill her mouth. She swallowed. 
The chat room went nuts. They continued to cheer and clap when she drained 
the bottle a few minutes later.

For the next two weeks Morgans Luvrs continued their voyeur, panty theft 
and body fluid assault on pretty little Morgan Healy. Most of the regulars 
had not only received a pair of her knickers but had a load of their cum in 
her belly.

Since then Morgan twice had her friend Darsey over to run with her. She 
wanted them to see her naked and made sure they got a nice view of 
Darsey's bigger tits. Morgan had her try on a few tops until they got one 
that fit. Morgan wondered later what Darsey would think if she knew all 
those old guys were seeing her naked. Morgan was in heaven knowing Darsey 
had also unknowingly had two loads of Teds cum in her belly as well.

After awhile Morgan realized that the chatroom was getting a little weary. 
She didn't even bother reading the logs some days. She actually spent more 
times talking with friends and posting than being obsessed with the chat 
room.

She decided that maybe she would masturbate for them. Unknowingly of 
course.

What she didn't realize was that the chat room was coming up with its own 
way to spice things up. They were hoping for a more one on one approach to 
getting there cum inside young Morgan.

And when men have there mind set on something….they get it done.

END PART 1







  