I admit it I was afraid of Lucy right from the start and although she worked for me I felt as if I took direction from her. This Filipino woman was a stunning beauty and often used her wiles to attain her desires. Being of slight stature, she always wore extra tight pants or short little skirts that reminded me of a Catholic School girl. She had a charming smile that reached into her dark almond eyes; this look was disarming making people believe she was good hearted. Yet I have seen this happy look turn to hatred in a flash over an insult or some denial however small. 

When Lucy took an interest in me, I was surprised and pleased; I happily accepted an offer of dinner at her place. I arrived both nervous and excited, when she opened the door I was stunned by the beauty of her evening attire. She had on a full dress that just barely covered her butt and I could swear that she wore nothing under it. I admit it I was enchanted, she looked so sexy, and yet she was so relaxed and easy going. I found myself trying to peek under that dress, every time she moved she flashed more flesh with never a hint of panty. We dined on what she said was classic Filipino food but I was too distracted to pay attention to what I was eating.

After dinner, we retired to the living room where she served some rum from her home country. We sat next to each other as we made small talk, then she reached over and kissed me. She asked if I thought her sexy and at that moment, I could think of no one or thing with more sex appeal than Lucy. She said she would like to give me pleasure but that she would not make love to me. She instructed me to unbuckle my pants, and then she unbuttoned the top and slid them down my legs to below my knees. She sat on my legs facing me and began to masturbate me, she said nothing as she worked but by the look on her face, I could tell she was enjoying it. I reached out, picked up her dress, and peeked under, as I had been wanting to all evening. I had been right she was naked under it and I was staring at her pussy splayed open and glistening wet with her juices. She called me a naughty boy and playfully slapped my hand.

She rubbed me until I came in torrents all over my belly and then calmly got off me and sat in a chair. I went to the bathroom and cleaned myself up; when I came out, she said it was time to go. On the way home the evening kept going through my head, it was definitely a sexually charged night and yet I never touched her and all I ended up with was a hand job. It was all was so arousing and I couldn't remember ever cumming as hard. The next day I asked her out again for Friday night and she agreed.

When I picked her up, she told me she wanted seafood so I took her to that fancy restaurant down by the pier. She had Crab Louie, ousters on the half shell and lobster for the main course. She ate like a person who was starving and I kept seeing dollar signs spinning in my head. After dinner, she wanted to go dancing and we danced and drank until the clubs closed. We took a taxi to her place where she invited me up and once inside I was thinking I might get lucky. Again, we sat on her couch and kissed but when I put a move on her, she stopped me.

I asked her what was wrong; she said that no man could have her until he had proved his love to her. Three sheets to the wind and horny as hell I got down on one knee and pledged to do whatever it took to win her love. When I looked up to her face, she had an evil look in those almond eyes. She only said, let's go find out and she grabbed my hand and led me to her bedroom. I had never seen such a girly room, there were about a hundred pillows on top of a lacy pink spread kind of a thing. The bed had a canopy made of something pink and flowery. She had lacy curtains on the windows and pictures of angels on the walls. However, Lucy's tone of voice was not flowery at all but harsh and demanding as she instructed me to get naked and lay on her bed. 

Lucy went into her bathroom and closed the door leaving me alone with my thoughts. I wondered what had I gotten myself into, and yet here I was lying naked in her bedroom, how bad could it be. She came out of the bathroom naked and that magical smile back on her face. I saw her little tittys for the first time with her nipples aroused and huge sticking out like tips on a pool cue. My euphoria came crashing down as my gaze lowered on her naked body. Around her hips, she was strapped into a harness like device with a dildoe attached to it. She stroked it obscenely as she walked over to me, "If you want to fuck me I get to fuck you first." I stammered, "But, but..."I couldn't finish for I didn't know what to say. It was not as if I was a virgin back there but that had been college and more of a horny fling with a roommate than something I liked or wanted to do again. In the end, I just relented and let her have her way with me. This gave her great pleasure I think because of the control she now had over me more than anything else did.

On my back with my legs in the air was how she began her assault on my back door. Once she had the thing lubed up, she slipped into my ass quite easily. Unmoving she left it buried to the hilt as she masturbated me with that smile on her face. With her plastic cock buried in my rectum, tickling my prostrate and her hands around my dick, the pleasurable feelings were surging through my body. Once again, when I came I splashed my seed on my stomach and she called me a good boy in soothing tones. She played with my limp cock as she caressed my balls while her dildoe was still deep inside me. She began to fuck me slowly at first but as soon as I began to harden, she worked me in earnest as she rubbed my erection in time to the plunges inside me. Only after I had come for the second time, did she pull out of my ass and then she sat back and instructed me to eat her. I licked at her pussy as her plastic cock lie on my forehead and she orgasmed in no time with a loud scream.

Lucy and I dated for a few months and although we had a few nights similar to that night, we never fucked. It was only after she told me that she was moving back to the Philippines that she let me know she was a married woman and her husband was the only man she would fuck. So yes, I guess she had lied about earning the right to fuck, that it was never going to happen but to tell the truth it was the best few months of sex I'd ever had and I miss her.
