Rimmer, Kryten and Cat crept out of Starbug hugging bazookoids. They looked around themselves furtively. In the near distance they could see the flicker of torches and thatched rooftops protruding through the trees. "Those weren't here when we landed," Rimmer said; and then wondered why he was whispering.

"No," Kryten agreed, "Curious. It's almost as though our very presence here has triggered some kind of...." He paused suddenly.

"What?" the Cat asked suspiciously.

"Oh. Oh my," Kryten turned to look at Rimmer, "We've been in a situation like this before, haven't we, Sir? I should have realised sooner."

"You mean it's a...?" Rimmer asked fearfully.

"I'm afraid so," Kryten said dismally.

"What are you talking about?" the Cat asked indignantly.

"It's a psi-moon," Rimmer told him glumly.

The Cat frowned briefly while he trawled through his memory. It clicked. "Oh, God, not again!" he moaned.

"This one must have terraformed to reflect Mister Lister," Kryten concluded.

"Well," the Cat ventured, "Maybe that's not so bad. At least he's not screwed-up in the head like Goal-post head here."

"Well, that is a bonus," Kryten agreed, ignoring Rimmer's glare, "But nonetheless, something has taken him."

"What would be the driving force of Lister's psyche?" Rimmer pondered, directing the conversation away from his mental problems.

"The need for curry?" Cat suggested. His eyes widened suddenly; "Perhaps it was his sense of personal hygiene! It must be pretty mad at him!"

"I suggest we take a closer look," Kryten said, "Perhaps we'll find more clues as we go."

They found a clue alright. At the entrance to the village, they found a large gold statue of Lister, glinting in the torchlight. "Well, I guess that clinches it," Kryten remarked. Cat eyed the statue, "Old gerbil-face certainly thinks a lot of himself," he remarked disdainfully. Rimmer didn't even bother to point out the outrageous hypocrisy in that sentence. Anyway, he'd seen Lister naked – had inhabited his body for a short while – and he was aware that the statue was actually pretty accurate in its...dimensions. That wasn't what bothered him about the figure.

What bothered him was the fact that the statue's pose was an exact freeze-frame from a very memorable dream that he himself had once had. Which brought him to the crashing, and - rather awful – conclusion, that this wasn't Lister's psi-moon at all.

It was his.

He whirled around to face the others. "Look," he said rapidly, "I've made a decision. I think I should go on ahead to find Lister while you two fix up the ship." Not surprisingly, the pair looked shocked.

"Are you actually offering to carry on alone, Sir?" Kryten asked, dumbstruck.

"I know it sounds odd," Rimmer admitted, "But let's face it; I've known Lister for longer than either of you and well...I've got a sneaking suspicion of where he might be."

"We could still come with you, Sir," Kryten argued, "You might need our help!"

"Don't you remember what happened last time?" Rimmer pointed out. He had to stop them coming any further; he couldn't risk them realising the truth! "We hung about talking and nearly didn't get away at all! It would be better if the ship was fixed up and ready to go as soon as I got back with Lister, so we can take off straight away without stopping to fix the door! Otherwise God knows what could happen if we wait too long!"

"Well that is true," Kryten conceded with some reluctance; "But you don't know what could be out there!"

Rimmer looked out into the darkness. He knew better than they did what could be lurking in those shadows; and part of him was afraid. He hadn't ever forgotten his self-loathing beast or the black-cowled figures that had spirited him away. But obviously something had changed around here, or they would have made an appearance by now. And underneath the fear there was something else. Something calling to him, pulling him...

"I'm not sure why," he said slowly, "But somehow I just have this feeling that we're not in any real danger here. And neither is he." At least I hope so, he thought desperately. He looked at Kryten, "You know me. I wouldn't be going if I thought it was dangerous."

"Well," Kryten looked around and back up at the golden statue, "I do have faith in Mister Lister's psyche." Rimmer breathed a soft sigh of relief,

"So do I." I just wish I could have faith in my own...