Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 8/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
scot25 prompt : Siblings
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

On his hands and knees? If he'd been feeling hot before, he was practically supernova now. Slipping to his knees less than gracefully, he fell forward until he was on his hands and knees. Looking up at Spike through his bangs, he faltered. What if he didn't do this right? What if -
“Don't think about it Pet, just do it”. Regardless of his insecurities, the demon inside him knew what to do, and obeying one of his Master's voices, he began to crawl forward until he was between Spike's legs. “Good boy. Now take me out Pet”. Fumbling, Xander knelt up between Spike's legs and began working to release the heavy leather belt and pop the buttons on the tight black jeans. The leaking head of Spike's cock bobbed into view, and unable to hold back his curiosity Xander leaned forward and licked it. “Very nice, Pet, but I didn't say you could do that now did I? Now be a good boy and do as you're told – take me out”.

Nodding feverishly, Xander completed undoing Spike's jeans, sliding his hands in so that one could grasp the stiff column of pale flesh while the other cupped the lightly haired balls.

“Get to know it, Pet – give it a few strokes. Oh yeah. That's good – no, not too fast, want this to last”. Obeying the instructions he'd been given, Xander stroked Spike's hard cock, marvelling at the feel of the smooth skin as he rubbed his hand up and down in a lazy rhythm, using the generously leaking pre-come to lubricate his movements. All the time, he was rolling and gently squeezing the heavy sacs in his left hand. “Want to taste it again Pet? Wanna take me in your mouth until you can barely breathe, feel me pushing into your throat while your mouth is full of my taste?” Mesmerised by the feel of it in his hands and Spike's words, Xander could only nod before leaning forward once more.

Releasing the heavy balls, he lent his hand on Spike's thigh while holding his cock steady for his lowering mouth. Closing his eyes the better to savour the taste, he sucked the head into his mouth, dipping his tongue into the leaking slit at the end.

“Oh yeah, Pet, that's so good”. Running his hands through Xander's hair, Spike gently guided his movements. It was so hard not to thrust his hips upwards, to stay still while Xander's head bobbed up and down. “Fuck, Pet, you're so good at this – love the feel of your mouth on me. Want me to move, luv? Want to feel me fucking up into your mouth so that you're almost gagging?” Xander could only moan in response, unwilling to release his prize for even the amount of time it would take to say yes.

Starting gently, Spike rocked his hips upwards the next time Xander bobbed down, conscious that this was his first time. Encouraged by the heated response, he thrust a bit harder, his hands resting lightly on Xander's head as they moved into a gentle rhythm together.

“So good, Pet – you're my good boy. Feel so good – love what you're doing, I do”. Muttering encouragement, Spike thrust up harder a few times, then said “Enough now – want you to stop now”. Totally engrossed in what he was doing and how it made him feel, finally being able to touch Spike this was, Xander ignored him, moving his head faster, hand stroking harder as he gained in confidence.

“Stop!” Pushing Xander's head back and off of him, Spike shoved him backwards, rising from the chair. “You do what I say when I say Pet!! Get into that bedroom – NOW!” Shamefaced, Xander wiped his mouth with a shaking hand then moved to stand up, ultra self-conscious of his hard on sticking out obscenely from his sleep pants, a wet patch spreading. “I didn't say you could get up! Fuckin' crawl to that bedroom now and you better make sure that you do as you're told or I'll tie ya to the fuckin' bed, ya hear me?” Xander couldn't hold back the moan that escaped him at the thought of being tied down and at Spike's mercy. Pressing at his dick to alleviate the need for friction, even momentarily, he turned over onto his hands and knees and began crawling to the bedroom, his head lowered so that he could only see where he was going through his bangs.

Smirking at the evidence of the boy's not unexpected kink (all that time tied to a barcalounge he had been inundated with pheromones every time Xander had to tie him up), Spike was determined to make sure Xander somehow misbehaved and had to be tied down. He watched as Xander crawled quickly into the bedroom.

“Couldn't wait for me huh?”

“Knew you were there and didn't think you'd have any objections”.

“You were right”.

“Wanna watch?”

“Oh fuck yeah. He's beautiful – you're both beautiful. And together? Of course I want to watch”.

“Thought you might”. Swiftly stripping off his jeans and tee-shirt, Spike turned to Angel. “Got any rope?”

“This is City Op, how ya doing Gump?”
“How many times have I told y'all not to call me that?”

“Sorry, Forest couldn't resist!! And you call Finn Farmboy all the time”.

“Yeah yeah, Report”.

“All quiet here, no new visitors. We lost visuals earlier but we think the dark haired guy left so all systems are go for 48 hours from now”.

“Excellent. I'll let Farmboy know – he can get a cell set up ready at base. Neither of us are gonna be able to get there to assist with the op – Walsh called a debrief, but you guys should have enough intel and equipment right?”

“Affirmative. Dark haired, Caucasian appearance, little over six foot, appears early to mid-twenties. Approach with caution and apprehend with extreme prejudice – the only rules are no dust, right?!

“You got it. Two nights from now and we should have the infamous Angelus locked up and ready to present to Walsh. Then she might give up on beating us up about Hostile 17”.

“Sweet. City Op out”. 

Locking the case, Giles took a last look around his apartment. He couldn't call it home – not since Jenny..... And now it seemed as though it was time to let go of the only things tying him to Sunnydale. With Xander away and appearing to be making the most of the opportunities in front of him; Buffy working closely with Walsh and her toy soldiers; and Willow becoming more involved with her collegial studies instead of pursuing her vague interests in magic the children didn't need him. It was time for him to attend the retreat in Los Angeles, undergo the cleansing ritual he sincerely hoped would help him. For the past year or so, his health had been slowly deteriorating and his doctor was baffled. Memory lapses were becoming more and more frequent and he was getting more and more disorganised and absent-minded. His last stock-take on the Magic Box had shown that he wasn't keeping on top of things there either – stock missing, things not where he was sure he had put them, even some of the darker magic books out of place when he had been positive he had locked them away. He needed an overhaul, the chance to consider his future and maybe get away from the Hellmouth once and for all. 

Not wanting, or needing, to turn on the lights and possibly alert anyone to her presence, Willow flicked through the large tome in front of her. There were a number of mind control spells she was considering but she wanted to make sure she chose the right one. She didn't want to run her friends' lives for them – she just didn't want them to leave Sunnydale, or her. Ever.

Buffy smiled up at Riley as Forest returned from making a call. What could be more normal than double dating with friends? Riley had arranged for a squad to do an extra patrol so they had the whole evening and night free – no slayage required. How anyone could consider the Initiative to not have positive motives was beyond her. 

Tugging at the ropes that bound him to the bed, Xander moaned loudly, fighting desperately to keep his hips still. But it was almost impossible – Spike's mouth felt incredible as he sucked Xander's cock and the long slender finger invading his ass and stroking his prostate at random moments was driving him insane.
Tossing his head from side to side, he sliced into his own lips with his fangs, catching sight of Angel. He was sat across from the bed, naked in an armchair, eyes riveted to the bed and it's occupants as he stroked the large erection sticking up from his lap. Fuck, it was just so hot – Angel watching as Spike took him deep into his throat, swallowing around him so he could feel those muscles caressing and squeezing his shaft. He hissed as he felt Spike introduce another finger into his ass, pressing them against the walls and stroking him inside.

“Ya gonna come for me Pet? Gonna shoot down my throat and watch me swallow it all down?” Jacking Xander's dick with quick, firm strokes, his fingers scissoring open and closed to loosen the tight passage, Spike kept up a stream of dirty talk, relishing Xander's helpless reactions as he let Spike play with his body. “Know what I'm gonna do once you've come? Once I've swallowed you down and tasted ya, I'm gonna turn you over onto your hands and knees, lift that gorgeous arse up to me, and I'm gonna split ya wide open. Gonna fuck ya and fuck ya and there won't be anything you can do but take it cos you're tied up here for me to use. Like that, don't ya Pet? Like the thought of being tied up for me to use whenever I want?”

“Please Spike, please – gotta come, please let me.....” Xander could only beg for release, unbearably aroused by Spike's words and the images he created striking a chord deep within him. Moving his hand faster, rubbing against Xander's prostate more often, Spike went in for the kill.

“I know what's really got ya hot though. It's knowing that Angel, your Sire is watching everything. Gets ya hot, don't it Pet, knowing Angel's gonna be watching as I break you open 'n'fuck ya, slide so deep into ya so that you won't be able to tell where you end and I start. And knowing that as soon as I've come, as soon as I've shot my load deep in your guts, Angel's gonna take my place. That's right – he's gonna fuck ya, use my come to ease his way so he can ram straight in, climb inside ya with his big, hard - “

It was all too much – his new senses overloading as his feelings for Spike clashed and meshed with his feelings for his Sire, for Angel. He screamed, arching up from the bed until he was supported by only his shoulders and his heels as he shot wads of come over his stomach and chest, a deep groan wrenched from him as Spike engulfed his shooting prick in his mouth and swallowed the rest of his come down just like he'd promised.