Ashley's Strip Club Audition
by AshleyX27

College student Ashley auditions at a strip club for a job.

Stripper Auditions

Chapter 1 - Job Search

Ashley contemplated her situation as senior year of college approached. As a business major with a 3.7 GPA, she was well prepared to graduate in the spring and find a job. She had even spent her summer interning at an insurance company. However her student loans in the mid five figures would prove a burden through her 20's, and potentially longer unless she found a way to make a dent in the principal before graduation.

Throughout college Ashley had worked jobs around campus. While this had given her ample time to participate in student life via the volleyball team, her sorority house, and various business clubs the jobs had all paid minimum wage. At $7.25 an hour that was barely enough to meet day to day expenses. Even then, Ashley often had to ask her parents for money. While they could easily afford it, Ashley was a self starter and wanted to earn her own way.

Ashley considered the various jobs around town. Anything in an office would conflict with her class schedule and was thus a non-starter. Retail jobs offered salaries that would barely exceed minimum wage and required her to go off campus and were thus out as well. Waitressing in a restaurant would offer a chance for better money, but still not enough. That left one option that could fulfill her need for fast money, and that was stripping.

In reality for Ashley, it was a perfect opportunity. The schedule of working nights and weekends wouldn't conflict with her class schedule, and truth be told, she was a night owl anyway. Years of playing sports had left her 5'6" body with a toned, yet slim frame. As an added bonus, Ashley had an ample ass and perky C-Cup tits. Her hair was jet black and full of curls. College guys would show up to the volleyball matches to check out her figure, why shouldn't she get paid to have men check her out?

Decided on her course of action, Ashley set out to find a club to audition at. Her three options were Club Erotica, Blush, and Cheerleaders. She immediately disregarded Club Erotica as it was in a sleazy part of town. Not only would it present risks for her, but the men who frequented the club were the type that would expect a cheap thrill, and not want to tip top dollar for the privilege. Both Blush and Cheerleaders enjoyed better reputations and were in the general downtown area, near her apartment. Looking at the websites, Ashley found that Blush held open auditions on Tuesday and had a parking garage next door. That worked, she figured.

Set in her course of action, Ashley planned for her audition.

Chapter 2 - Planning for Her Audition

The website on Blush had said that prospective entertainers should arrive at the club, ask for a manager and be prepared to go on stage. Like most college students, Ashley's attire was mainly casual clothes with some dresses appropriate for parties, and certain outfits that would be appropriate for more formal occasions. Her lingerie collection was relatively mild as she saw little need to invest her money in something her boyfriend would hardly see on her anyway.. None would work for auditioning at a strip club.

The next afternoon, Ashley slipped out from class and drove her hand me down Chevy Impala to the local adult store. Arriving in the parking lot at 3 p.m. Ashley was relieved to see the parking lot was largely devoid of cars. While she had no qualms about frequenting an adult store, she hardly wanted to pick out attire appropriate for stripping with a bunch of older letches creeping on her.

Dressed in a red and white tracksuit, Ashley made her way into the store. Helpfully, a middle aged woman at the counter greeted Ashley, welcomed her to the store and asked if she needed help finding anything. Genuinely surprised and happy that she could consult with a woman, instead of a man, Ashley made her way to the counter and informed the store attendant that she was looking for attire appropriate for an audition at a strip club.

Helpfully, the attendant pointed Ashley in the direction of the sheer nightwear and the large assortment of heels. Ashley found a sheer black rhinestone tube dress that would perfectly show off her figure for going on stage and that could be easily peeled off during her routine. Ashley chose black as it would contrast well with her pale white skin. As Blush was a fully nude strip club, Ashley saw no need to purchase a bra or panties to wear under the dress. Looking at the heels, Ashley selected a pair of clear 6 inch platform heels to complement the dress. Sure they were cliche, but sometimes things are cliche for a reason. To complete her outfit, Ashley purchased body glitter to enhance her look on stage and two black garter belts to go around her legs for customers to stuff money into..

The store attendant complimented Ashley on her purchases as she checked out and noted that she hoped to find her back here in the near future to purchase more outfits for her new potential career.

Ashley thanked the attendant and informed her that she hoped to be back the next day to purchase more

The following day, Ashley prepared for her audition. First, she took a long hot shower and made sure her entire body was smooth. Emerging from the shower, Ashley lightly brushed her naturally curly hair and blow dried it. Looking in the mirror, Ashley noted her hair was curly and full and her pale face was nearly free of any blemishes. Ashley went to work applying her makeup. As Ashley was naturally pretty, and usually casual in appearance, she rarely wore much makeup. Stripping required a more dramatic application to stand out to the customers. Ashley started by adding heavy black eyeliner, combined with adding in smoky eyeshadow, blending it in from black to gray. She painted her lips with a long lasting lipstick called candy apple red that was a favorite of her boyfriend, Brad. Ashley had often confirmed the lipstick was long lasting by sucking Brad's cock and noting it didn't smear, smudge, or leave streaks on his large dick. Ashley finished her make up by applying blush on her cheeks and applying concealer where necessary.

Ashley pulled the sheer tube dress over her body, and pulled the garter belts up to just over mid-thigh on her legs. Looking in the mirror, Ashley noted, except for the lack of heels, she embodied the look of a stripper.

Ashley found a knee-length trench coat to wear over the sheer dress and slipped a pair of flip flops on her feet, as she figured she could change into the heels before making her way into the club. Grabbing a clutch purse, Ashley walked out to her car to make the short 15 minute ride to the club.

Chapter 3 - Meeting the Manager

Ashley parked in the garage across from the club. After lacing up the heels, Ashley made her way out of the garage and toward the club. As it was about 5 p.m. the work crowd was leaving for the day, and clogged both the sidewalks and the streets. Ashley was sure everyone out could tell where she was headed, as the heavy makeup, trench coat, and six inch heels left

Walking in the club, Ashley came across the bouncer, a large man who towered about her despite the heels. She was instantly drawn to the muscular nature of his body.

"Hi, I'm Ashley," she introduced herself. "I'm here for the stripper auditions."

"Alonzo," He responded, pointing at himself. "Good to meet you. Head to the manager's office. Go to your right and follow the wall. It's the door marked 'private,' you can't miss it. Good luck."

"Thank you Sir," Ashley cheerfully responded as she made her way past the large man.

Arriving at the door marked private, Ashley politely knocked on the door, and waited for permission to come in. After 30 seconds, she heard a man in a deep voice call out to come in. Nervously, Ashley took a breath, removed her trench coat, folded it over her arm, and walked through the door.

"Good afternoon, young lady," said a man in his 50s. "I'm Frank, what brings you here today?"

"Hi Sir, I mean Frank," Ashley stammered. "I'm here to audition to strip at your club. I would like to start working here as soon as possible, and as many nights as possible."

"Please put your coat on the rack, and take a seat," Frank said as he gestured toward the chair opposite his desk.

Ashley complied with Frank's request and noted he was looking her up and down as she took a seat. In any other interview, she would have found his gazing inappropriate, but Ashley figured she had to get used to men ogling her.

"Now why do you want to strip at Blush?" Frank asked. "I'm pleased to see you came dressed as directed by the website. And you're more than attractive enough to work here. The men will love your look."

"Well, I'm currently in college, and would like to make some money to pay down my loans before I graduate," Ashley responded. "Blush seems like a classy, well run club where I could make money and have fun sharing my body with strangers."

"You're not the only girl who is working on paying off student loans," Frank responded. "Tuition these days is a bitch."

"Tell me about it," Ashley dejectedly responded.

"Now you are right, we do try to keep the club respectful, unlike what goes on at other clubs," Frank noted. "However, being a stripper will involve getting touched, within reason, by the club's patrons, on the stage, when you give lap dances, and in private rooms. Are you okay with that?"

"Yes, I'll be fine with the men touching me," Ashley responded, knowing her boyfriend was going to hate that aspect of her job. But he would have to deal with it, Ashley reasoned.

"Good girl," Frank responded. "If the patrons go to far, tell them to stop, and if they don't comply, call for a bouncer, and they will be on the street in no time flat."

"That sounds good Sir, thank you for letting me know," Ashley responded. "I met Alonzo on the way in, and I have no doubt he can handle things."

"Oh yeah he can," Frank laughed. "Now for the money matters. Dancers here work as independent contractors, not employees. That means you pay the club a fee, typically $100 to work each day. Plus $5 for each use of the lap dance booths, and $50 per half hour for the private rooms. Everything you earn on top of that is you keep. For the audition, we waive the fee."

"That sounds good Frank," Ashley responded. "I'm really excited to audition."

Then make your way out to the bar and ask for Veronica," Frank directed. "She's the floor manager and will get you set up for the audition."

"Thank you Sir," Ashley responded, as she gathered her purse and coat and minced off on her heels, her large heart shaped ass swaying back and forth as she exited the room.

Behind Frank's desk, his cock was rock hard in his pants, staring at Ashley's ass swaying back and forth as if to torment him. "She'll do well here," Frank thought to herself.

Chapter 4 - Preparing to Audition

Ashley made her way over to the bar. She waited for a bartender to come past her and flagged her down. Ashley noted the bartenders wore tight bustiers and booty shorts.

"Hi girl, I'm Bridget," the cheerful bartender introduced herself. "I haven't seen you around before, what can I get you?"

"I'm auditioning to dance tonight," Ashley explained. "Frank said to speak with Veronica, and she would set everything up."

"Let me go grab her!" Bridget responded. "Good luck out there, I'm sure you're going to do great girl!"

Bridget ran off to find Veronica while Ashley stayed at the door feeling exposed in her sheer dress, and noted that a rather large happy hour crowd had started to filter into the club. Taking a breath, she struck up the resolve that dancing was only going to be awkward the first time. A piercing voice broke her thought process.

"Hi there, I'm Veronica," the floor manager introduced herself. "Pleased to meet you. I'll be getting you ready to dance."

"Thank you Veronica, so happy to meet you," Ashley responded.

"Here, give me your coat and purse," offered Veronica. "I'll put them in a safe spot for you."

"Thank you," Ashley responded.

"Now what do you want to use for a stage name?" asked Veronica.

"Viper," Ashley confidently responded.

"Oooh, I like that. It fits you," Veronica noted. "Now for dancing, you have to remember that the purpose is about selling fantasy to the patrons." Veronica noted. "Here are a few quick tips. First, always make eye contact with the patrons, that's the best way to connect with them. When you go out, grab the top of the pole and walk around it. This gives all the customers a good look at your entire body. Slowly make your way around the stage dancing for each guy. No need to rush. And hold your garter belt open for men to slip money into. Some men may toss money on the stage. You can gather that after your dance is over. You'll be out there for three songs. Take your dress off after the first dance. The DJ will introduce you as a girl who is auditioning. That usually gets the crowd riled up. You can swing or dance on the pole if you feel up to it. That about covers it. Any questions?"

"No, that all seems simple." Ashley responded. In reality she had about 20 questions, but didn't want to sound stupid.

"Good." Veronica noted. "Now make your way through the curtains over there, and wait to get called out by the DJ. You're up next after Cinnamon. She's about to take the stage now."

Inwardly Ashley was hoping to get some time to psyche herself up to go out on stage, but in reality it was the best thing that could have happened.

Making her way behind the curtains, Ashley encountered another bouncer.

"Hi girl," I'm Darius. "What brings you back here?"

"Hi Darius," Ashley responded. "Veronica sent me back here to audition. I'm Ashley, but I'm dancing under the name Viper."

"Well good luck girl, knock their socks off," Darius responded. "I like that name."

"Thanks Darius," Ashley responded. She was about to ask Darius for advice on dancing, but heard the DJ announce Viper was auditioning at Blush.

Nervously, Ashley took one last breath, and walked through the curtains.

It was now or never.

Chapter 5 - Auditioning

Viper received a huge audition from the crowd when she walked onto stage. As she would later learn, the typical crowd always fancied new and younger dancers. Viper smiled at the positive reception, and began strutting confidently toward the pole in the middle of the stage. Slowly, just as Veronica directed, she grabbed the pole up high and slowly but confidently walked around it, allowing the entire crowd to take in her body, as she looked around at the large number of eyes looking directly back at her.

Viper noted a large percentage of the men had money in hand, ready to tip her in an effort to garner her attention. As Viper finished her walk around the pole, she wrapped her left leg around it and slapped her ass. Hard. The slap reverberated around the room, as did the cheers of the crowd. Viper smirked at how the crowd was eating out of the palm of her hand.

Slowly but surely, Viper made her way around the dance floor. She alternated gyrating her hips toward the customers, while looking them directly in they eye or shaking her ass at them as she looked back at the customer. Between each customer, Viper crawled on all fours giving the men a good look at her ass, and her tits contained in the sheer material of the dress.

Noting the song shift, Viper rose, stripped the dress off her, and tossed it aside, careful to make sure it landed on stage. She quickly swung around the pool and then began to titty fuck it, noting the cheers from the crowd as she did so. By this time Viper's confidence was skyrocketing and she wondered why she had ever been nervous about dancing.

After finishing titty fucking the pool, Viper fondled her tits, jiggling them for the crowd. Once again, Viper began working the customers seated at the dance floor. She began crawling from customer to customer, this time making sure to touch or physically interact with each customer. The top tipping customers got motorboated by the novice dancer.

Soon Viper's garter belts were full of bills, and the dance floor was littered with them. Reaching the end of the dance floor for a second time, Viper returned to the pole. Jumping on it, she grasped it with both hands and one leg and spun herself around on it putting her body on display for the entire crowd.

Shortly after that, the third song ended, signaling Viper to finish her dance. Hurriedly, she retrieved her dress, and picked up the bills off the dance floor. On her way out the door, Viper blew a kiss to the crowd, the huge smile on her face readily apparent to everyone in the room.

Chapter 5 - Getting the Job

Ashley walked off stage, feeling more confident and sure of herself than she ever had. She had just danced naked before a large crowd and hadn't flinched once.

Returning behind the curtain, Ashley put her dress back on. Not that it even barely covered her.

"It sounds like you did great girl," Darius noted. "From the sounds of it, and the large number of bills, you killed it."

"Thanks Darius," Ashley responded. "I think you might be seeing me back here soon."

"I can only hope," he responded.

Ashley made her way back toward the bar and was greeted by Veronica.

"You did great girl!" she noted. "You're a natural on stage. Come back tomorrow to fill out the necessary forms, and we'll work you in the rotation. I can already tell you're going to be popular here."

"Thank you so much!" gushed Ashley. "I appreciate it so much! It felt so great to be out there."

With that Veronica returned Ashley's coat and purse to her. She quickly stuffed the bills in there, noting they barely fit in the small evening bag she had brought, and slipped on the coat.

"On your way out, ask one of the bouncers at the door to walk you to your car," Veronica directed. "It's safer that way."

On her way out, Jasmine ran once again into Alonzo.

"How's it going girl, how did your audition go? It looks like you killed it from my vantage point." he noted.

"It went great," Ashley noted. "You mind walking me to my car? Veronica said you would."

"Of course girl, I'll follow you," he noted.

Minutes later, Ashley and Alonzo arrived at Ashley's car. Nonchalantly, she peeled off her coat and threw it in the trunk. Turning to face Alonzo, she asked, "Like what you see?"

"Yes," Alonzo quickly stammered.

"If you climb in the back seat, I'll suck your cock before you go back to work," Ashley offered desperate for dick as dancing had left her horny as hell.

"You don't have to ask me twice girl," Alonzo responded as he quickly joined her in the back seat of the car.

Quickly, Ashley fished Alonzo's cock out of his pants. Noting the long length and wide girth of the dark dick, she quickly engulfed it in her mouth, hearing the approving moans of the large muscular male.

As she bobbed up and down on the large cock, she delicately fondled his balls. Internally she thought about how Alonzo's size eclipsed that of her boyfriend. While Ashley never set out to cheat on him, it often happened as she got horny easy and craved male attention. Her conventional good looks ensured it was easy to seduce any male.

Ashley could tell Alonzo was close as he began forcing her head down on his cock. Fortunately, Ashley was an experienced cock sucker at this juncture of her life, and didn't bat an eye at Alonzo manhandling her. In fact, his assertiveness turned her on even more.

Within 5 minutes, Alonzo, without warning, shot a large cum load into Ashley's eager mouth. Submissively she quickly swallowed it all, noting the pleasant sweet taste, as opposed to the bitter taste of her boyfriend's cum. Dutifully, she licked the large man's cock clean, before removing her face from his crotch.

"That was excellent girl!" Alonzo cheered. "You're a natural born cock sucker."

"That I am," Ashley noted, more confident than ever. "There's more where that came from. But now I need to get home, and you need to get back to work."

After Alonzo zipped himself up, and started walking back to the club, Ashley drove home with a large grin on her face. She was going to like this job.

THE END
