Lukas got up to pour Ben some more juice. Taking the dirty plates and the orange juice container, he wandered to the sink and fridge. "I've gotta go to the lawyer's office. Read over Danny's Will. See if there's any stipulations I have to follow or what I have to do to have access to the money when I'll need it." He shook his head in odd wonder and amazement. When he came back to the table, he stopped, pausing to reach out a hand and thread his fingers through Ben's hair. He combed the straight locks back from the pale forehead. "I swear I told him I had plenty of money saved from my two careers. He insisted on doing this for us." He leaned into Ben's body when the strong arm came around him, the head resting on his abdomen. He wondered how long it had been since Ben had felt just an ease to companionship , not the pressures of a relationship . 

"You said his birthday is this weekend?"

"Yeah. Sunday."

"We should do something to thank him. Where's his Mom live?"

"She's in Florida. Tampa."

"Does she--? Would she mind if we did something?" Ben couldn't see letting Danny's birthday go by without at least doing something special.

"Ben, you don't have to do anything except beat HIV." Lukas leaned down to kiss Ben's brow. “That's what Danny would want most.” He looked at his watch to make sure Ben wasn't wasting his time lolly-gagging.

"We can't just take the money."

"Don't worry." Lukas slid his hand up Ben's back to soothe over his neck and hairline. "You won't even know I'm using it. You know that development, up toward Grandview?"

"Yes." Ben furrowed his brow in thought. What was Lukas trying to tell him now?

"Always wanted one of those houses up there."

"They cost a mild fortune, Luke."

"I want a house, Jamie. This apartment is great, but it's co-op. The chick who owns it can come back anytime."

"Are you asking me to live with you?" Ben leaned back to look t Lukas, green eyes smiling down at him.

"No. Not exactly, because that would mean you'll feel obligated to say 'yes' or 'no'. I'm simply telling you where I'll be when you need a place to stay."

"You really want to be something more with me?"

"Yes. I'm ready. You just come ring my doorbell when you're in the neighborhood."

"You're buying a house today?"

"Uh, no." Lukas shook his head, chuckling softly. "I don't even know how much Danny left me. It'll be too much in one day. I'll come here... crash, take a nap and eat something. Then I'll start looking for a place to stay in the meanwhile." He patted the curve of Ben's shoulder joint, about to pull his body away.

"Here..." Ben held Lukas tight to his chest. "... with me. That's where you stay." He let his hand rub down Lukas' wool pant leg.

"Jamie, if I stay here one more night, I'm gonna want more than humping my leg and stroking our cocks."

"I told you to wait for me."

"And I told you I'm not sitting here like a bitch, waiting on your ass to decide."

"I need to talk to Michael."

"Good luck with that." Lukas finally yanked himself away in utter disgrace. Always back to Michael, and then Brian and Michael.

"What do you mean?"

"Peeling him off Brian long enough to locate him and talk." Lukas wasn't quite sure Ben was really focusing on what was happening between Brian and Michael.

"They can't have done too much by now."

Lukas turned to stare at Ben, jaw tight. "Do you actually hear yourself when you talk?"

"Why?"

"Think of us... last night... early this morning. Then think of what Brian and Michael did the other night while you video taped them."

“No. I do know that. What I mean is...” Ben closed his eyes, running a hand over his face. "... they have jobs and responsibilities. They can't leave it all to rot just for some sex."

"Why not? If I was them... I would." Lukas started snickering and began washing off the dishes to put them in the dishwasher.

"Huh?" Ben finally rose out of his seat, wandering over to where Lukas was standing at the sink. He carried his dirty dishes to the sink, setting them on the counter top. "Explain yourself."

"If you didn't have the fate of your job hanging over your head, and you had some vacation days set up, I'd whisk you away to this tiny island off of Maui. There are these little villages there, throwbacks to bygone eras. They're civilized, but you're nobody there. We'd be alone, secluded... and I'd have you all to myself." Lukas smiled sweetly, shrugging his shoulders that it was only an idea, not an actual "thing" they had to do.

"Are you really telling me I'm gonna have problems reaching Michael?"

"Yes... and one day won't be enough. I'd say count on two or three days."

"Jesus..." Ben swiveled to lean back on the counter next to Lukas, arms crossed over his chest.

"You only have yourself to blame."

"I know." Ben bowed his head, pinching his lips together and honestly thinking hard about what he was doing with everybody in his life. Like pieces on a chess board.

"Don't worry." Lukas moseyed over to bump his right hip with Ben's left hip. "I'll still like you... and love you... if you don't fuck up again."

Ben snagged Lukas around the waist, dragging him... suds and all... to fit against the front of his body. "I can't even believe you're here, much less what's going on with us... between us. I don't think it's sunk in, yet. I don't think it ever will... until--"

Lukas leaned his head on Ben's chin, resting his soapy forearms on the thick chest. "... until you spend the night with them. I know."

Ben nudged his face with Lukas' cheek. "Please... be okay with this, baby." He brought up his knuckles to brush them against Lukas' jaw. He loved the way the hard, muscular body and cool, snappy demeanor softened at the word he used. Particularly in bed, it made Lukas surrender to his will, letting him dominate the sex between them.

"I am." Lukas wasn't even sure his voice sounded like himself. It was unreal for him to even be here, finding himself caught under Ben's spell. Realizing everything that scared him once before was what motivated him to keep pursuing what he wanted most... BEN.

"Can I have a kiss goodbye before you leave?"

"Yes..." Lukas pretended like his wrists were tied together as he slipped them over Ben's head, finding them locked around the stocky neck. "I'll give you whatever you want -- whatever you need -- within reason." He hovered over the lips and lower jaw, wanting to play games to see how far he could get Ben to be rattled.

"I like the sound of that."

"Shut up. Get your kiss. I got dishes to do and places to be, Jamie."

Ben sculpted the sturdy flanks up Lukas' back. He lowered his head slowly, an inch from Lukas' open mouth before he was taken roughly by the plump lips in a heady kiss to send him off to work.

Yeah... Ben could get used to this... very quickly. 

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Two days. Two whole days Brian and Michael had gone missing, without a word. Except to Cynthia at Brian's office. He would be "working from home", wherever that would be. Michael's store, closed for two days, would reopen on the third day mid-morning.

Ben had gotten the voice mail during class. Michael's cell phone. He asked him to stop by so they could "talk". Could mean anything.

Ben knew this moment was going to be awkward, but not until he stood in front of Red Cape's store front window did he fathom how much. He'd done this move plenty of times before, but now he hesitated. Only because though the OPEN sign was turned, he wasn't quite sure he'd be as welcome as most customers would be.

It was noon. Lunchtime. Michael had called him, inviting him over to the store. So Ben had assumed that maybe Michael was over his anger, somewhat. Rational, hopefully. He totally understood if he wasn't.

When Ben strolled through the door, the overhead bell sounded. He tried to stop it from constantly jangling in case Michael was at the end of his rope and found the noise annoying. Especially being rung by his least favorite person in the world. He walked in fully, seeing that Michael was nowhere in plain sight. Not even one single customer.

"Mike! Hello!" Ben was making his way around one of the floor racks and displays when he caught the view of the man in question in the back room, walking out as if he was completely engrossed in what he was reading. "Mich-..."

Hard to believe that three days could transform someone, especially Michael Novotny. Gone was the bumpy stride, the easy smile, the way the soft brown eyes melted upon familiar and strange faces. He even dressed more casually chic, a hint of himself and a touch of something new. He wore his normal work boot sneakers, but he wasn't wearing regular old denim he'd had in his closet for decades. No... this was brushed brown jeans, tight to his lower frame and fitting his rear quite perfectly. He set the paperwork on his desk, marking checks next to whatever was printed on them. He yanked up the sleeves of his new shirt, a cream and tan patchwork Henley of plush suede. He exposed his bare forearms and constantly brushed back his newly styled hair. There were old elements of Michael there, but so different... subtle, yet smooth. He walked with an "air" about him, as if he knew what this outfit did to his appearance.

Michael tucked one pen behind his ear, biting the other one in his mouth. He sauntered out of the back room, closing the door securely. He was making his way toward the cashier counter so he could spread the sheets out more visibly. It was a monthly negative inventory report, having to match visual quantities on the shelves with the numbers the computer system had tallied during every sale since the first of the month. He used to do this at the Big Q when he was Assistant Manager, corporate headquarters sending their minion DMs (District Managers) down to the little people to make sure they were doing their jobs correctly. Michael didn't think it would hurt to start implementing this procedure, even though he wasn't "incorporated" yet. Especially since it would help catch those sticky-fingered kids who would steal specific issues or series of comics. He could switch the displays around to help stop theft in his store.

Michael nonchalantly glanced up to see Ben standing in front of him. Having heard the bell jangle earlier, he knew someone had arrived. It would have either been Ben or Brian. Brown eyes flashed to wide blue, a small sad smile on Michael's lips. "Hi. Glad you could make it so soon after my call." He didn't walk behind his counter. He set the report on the glass top, with the pen he had in his mouth. The one in his ear was put in his pocket. "I apologize." He slid one arm across his belly. The other grabbing his bent elbow. “I was preoccupied before you came in.” 

Ben hooked his thumbs into his back jean pockets. Whoa! Michael's tone was very diplomatic, strange. "No. It's okay. I understand." Everything about Michael had a sense of purpose, not of wonder. He actually knew what he wanted to say and he would stick to his guns. "Are we heading to lunch or--?" He knew that was a lot to assume between them, but he had to try or invite Michael out himself.

"No." One lone dark eyebrow rose in challenge, daring to be questioned or defied. "Brian is picking me up in twenty minutes or so. Give or take traffic." There was no smile or lazy laugh, not even a light giggle. It was as if someone had injected Michael with some boost of self-confidence. A chilling indifference.

"Brian?" Ben closed his eyes where his normal tone of voice spoke of asking why it had to be Brian all the time.

"Yeah, Ben. My best friend, Brian Kinney. You remember him, don't you?" Michael didn't even try to play coy, he spoke a flat out truth. "The one you saw me fuck the other night on camera."

Ben put out his hands. "Whoa! Okay... I'm sorry. That came out wrong. I just-- why only twenty minutes? I thought you wanted to discuss our relationship."

"What relationship, Ben?" Michael turned his head as if he wanted to hear Ben's excuse or an explanation. "The twenty minutes is broken down like this: it's gonna take five minutes for me to break up with you, the rest of that time to stop you from attempting to change my mind."

"Why?"

"Oh... wow! That's rich! Isn't it obvious? You broke my 'golden rule'. You messed with my privacy and you hurt someone I love very deeply. You went behind my back and tried to play me, hiding secrets you didn't bother to think I needed to know. What else would you have kept from me... something to deal with your HIV status?" When Michael saw the way Ben lowered his head, he knew he was only touching the surface with Ben's interest in Brian's social sexual lifestyle. "It's really for the best, Ben."

"Look... I realize I took it too far. I understand that some things in your life are off limits. But don't you see... he would have been hanging over our heads while we were trying to be together. He isn't used to not having you when he needs you. How did you ever think you could have a separate life from him if he wants you by his side so much?"

"I thought you and I were doing great. Of course... now that I know half of our relationship was built on lies and semi-truths... that makes me want you back even less."

"You'd take Brian's promiscuity over being told lies? Brian hasn't ever lied to you?"

Michael really didn't know what Ben was trying to prove. They were over. Plain and simple. Shouldn't matter to Ben what Brian did now, he was always Michael's problem to deal with. "Brian has never been as cruel to me as you've been."

"Cruel? That's a little harsh. I had legitimate worries."

"Worries that you could have brought to me -- your supposed boyfriend. But, apparently, I didn't even register on your importance scale. And as you further exploit these worries that plague you, not only do you cut Brian down, but you take me, as well."

"I wish you didn't see it like that. It was never my intention to hurt you through this situation."

"News flash... hurt Brian, you hurt me. End of story. Cop all the pleas of mercy you want, it's still not gonna win you brownie points."

"Michael, look--"

"No!" Michael to a step forward, advancing on Ben. "YOU!LOOK! I don't know what sick, twisted or perverted fantasies you got going on in your head. However you were before you got sick with HIV, but this has got to stop!! If you can't leave Brian alone... you need to let me go. I see you poking around him after all this is done... I'm seeking a restraining order on you! And you don't want me on your ass, Bruckner!! You think my Mom can raise Hell in a 'pride' parade or a PFLAG rally down Liberty Avenue... you ain't seen me fighting for someone I love!" He ran his hands through his hair in frustration, locking his fingers behind his neck. "I called you here because Brian wanted us to talk, but I can't even say two words in front of you without wanting to punch your face in. I'm not normally a violent person, but you've messed with the wrong loved one and the wrong Novotny." He planted his feet wide apart, watching as Ben slunk backward, realizing how serious Michael was with this discussion. "But despite my better judgment, Brian wants to do this last interview with you. He's assuming this is it, that you'll leave him alone after this. And I am telling you if this is another one of your lies, I will smack you down right where you stand."

Ben put out his palms to ward off Michael, watching him stand there with fists tight at his side. "Michael, I'm not... I AM WRITING A THESIS!!" Christ... Michael had never been this violently passionate with him. "I'll even send you a copy when I'm done."

"Thank you, but no. I'd throw it away without reading it. Don't waste a tree on me. I already know who Brian Kinney is.” Michael stepped away, but didn't change his stance. “No thesis and no wannabe pop psychologist can tell me what I've known for years."

Now... Ben was growing a bit angry himself, wanting explanations to Michael's whereabouts for two days. "I couldn't reach you -- where were you? I tried calling Brian's office number, he wasn't there, either. Have you two been together this whole time?"

"Officially I've broken up with you. You no longer get the privilege to know this information. Suffice to say... I had some private business to tend to."

"Michael, I know you were with him. You closed the store for two days and Brian has been 'working from home' during that time, as well."

"All you need to know is that I had a very dear friend who needed my attention." Then Michael shook his head in perplexity. "And if you already suspected, why the hell did you ask me? Trying to catch me in a lie? Make it seem like this was all my fault? Like I was just waiting for the right time to pounce on Brian, while you weren't looking?"

"Michael... don't feel you have to lie to me."

"You are kidding, right? Yes, I most certainly do! You made damn sure of that. I thought I could trust you, but you betrayed me. The minute -- the very second -- you thought you could use Brian for your benefit. And you didn't check with me first."

"Brian wasn't yours to deal with. He's his own person, separate from you."

"So why even bring me in at all? If I'm not part of this... part of Brian's life like you said?"

"I thought--I figured I could do this without including you, because I thought Brian was not that in love with you. But the more I dug, the more I discovered how wrong I was. I never imagined the wide, broad scope could pinpoint directly to you."

"I could have helped you, Ben."

"How?"

"What's the main purpose of your thesis?"

"Human Psychology basis... with a range of perception versus reality."

"Hey... guess what? I'm human. I may not be handsome like Brian Kinney. Can't promise I'll give you that New York Times Bestseller you've always wanted to write, but I think I'm fairly interesting. I would have been your willing subject had you asked me. Why not? Why Brian?"

Ben really didn't want to admit this, but Michael was forcing his hand. "Michael..."

Michael laughed, but it wasn't a nice hearty one. "See... I didn't really comprehend it all until Brian told me... 'It's not about the paper anymore'. He's right, isn't he? Had you always wondered about that guy who fucked you at the Miami White party two years ago? And when you discovered he was right here in Pittsburgh... did you want to pick him apart, piece by piece? Was it much easier to 'date' me, then sneak your peeks from that advantage point?"

"Michael, come on. That is not the reason why I've done any of this."

"I'm not sexy or intriguing enough, but Brian is? What kind of crap is that?"

"He's a therapist's dream patient."

"NO!" Michael picked up a stack of comics and threw them at Ben. He began advancing on him again, making Ben push himself against a far wall, almost in fear of his life. "He's a fuckin'... HUMAN!BEING!! I don't know how many times I have to tell you people this... before it sinks into your fuckin' hard-headed skulls!!" He took two fingers to press on his temple. The rage in him was near to boiling over and he knew his feelings for Brian were more than coming through. He shook his body of the fears the constant barrage of people bullying him and tempting him to show how tough he was. "I am exhausted from this battle I have to prove to everyone he exists. He's not cold and unfeeling like they believe. He's got dreams and wants and wishes just like all of us. He loves, he hurts, he cries and he bleeds like anyone on the street. He's not some thing you can play around with in your little psycho-scientific paradigm of sexual fantasies. He's a man... trying to live in a world that didn't want him... and loving the one thing he knows won't ever hurt him. And I won't be the person who lets him down. I'm not backing away, at all. He's somebody who deserves a helluva lot more respect than what you're showing him."

"That's what Luke keeps telling me." Ben rolled his eyes, tucking his hands in his pockets. This version of Michael was waking him up, scaring him.

"What?"

"Lukas... my friend from college."

Michael stared in complete numbness. "I haven't suddenly gone dumb. I know who you mean. What I'm asking is... why would Luke talk anything about Brian? He barely knows him."

"Luke knows about this situation. He knows about everything we've done, you've done and I've done. And he's supporting you two... you and Brian... 100%."

Michael was shocked to say the least. "Again... I'm floored. Why?"

"The other night he watched the video for me, because I couldn't bear to view it. One portion more than the other. Luke got so enraptured in the two of you... and so pissed at me... he erased over half the footage from that night." Ben couldn't believe it when Lukas had freely admitted what he'd done, when Ben tried to look at the film last night.

Michael's brow wrinkled in bewilderment. "Which half?"

"You and Brian... having sex."

"Oh.... oh, man..." Michael began to snicker, hand over his mouth. Then he chuckled deeply and really giggled through his fingers. "... oh, sorry... but that's priceless! You still talking to him? I don't mean to make light of your predicament, but... you reap what you sow."

"Luke thinks he did the right thing for you and Brian. In actuality, you'll be pleased to know only three people know what exactly went on that night. You, Brian and Luke. And Lukas will only give me his perception of you two, not specifics. So... he's not budging on telling the whole truth."

"Uh! I could seriously kiss that man!" Michael pulled out his cell phone. "Give me his number so I can call him and take him out to lunch or dinner. Or..." He slipped his phone back in his pocket. "Tell him to give me a buzz, on my cell or here at the store."

"Did you mean it still?"

"What?"

"About the second interview?"

"Interview? Sure, I'm game. But what I'm not promising you is that anything else will happen from me. It will be all up to Brian that night. I'm there for him, not you."

"Both of you?"

"Isn't that what I said?"

"Michael..."

A horn sounded. Then it sounded again by trying to form a song Michael might, or might not, recognize in a "horn" voice.

Michael's entire demeanor changed in an instant. Back was the bouncy footsteps, on was the easy grin (big one) and his eyes took on a powerful light that just dazzled Ben to quiet. "Ah-yup!" He peeked through the superhero-painted window front. "That'll be Brian." He ran to the back storage room to pick up his jacket and keys. "Look... when you're ready, give us a call over the weekend. We've cleared our schedules and we can squeeze you in anytime."

Ben was stunned at what Michael could be stating. "Whom do I call?"

"Call... us." Michael put on his jacket, fixing the collar as he smiled warmly. "You know the number. Brian's loft." He was pulling down his sleeves inside his jacket to even out the cuffs.

"You live at the loft now, with Brian?"

Michael could hear the sad tone to Ben's voice. "I've been there more frequently in the past few days than my apartment. You certainly made sure of that."

Ben scratched his fingers over his forehead. Not really sure if they were anywhere but gone. All he had to worry about now was Brian and Lukas. "I suppose any apology would be inappropriate."

"You can give me one, but I won't take it. I'm not the one you need to be on your knees begging forgiveness to. There's an amazing human being sitting out in that Jeep, who loves me for who I am. I've always known it, but I guess your little fiasco set us straight -- straight into each other's arms. We do have something to thank you for. Maybe there'll be a way we can repay you for all your help in pointing us in the right direction, but not right now."

The doorbell jangled, Brian strolling in and holding the door before it interrupted more of the conversation. "Hey, Mich--I've been... oh... hey, Ben..." He nodded his head over to Ben along the wall. The normally calm professor looked... near to frightened for some reason. Brian pulled off his gloves, walking over to bend down and kiss Michael soundly on the lips. The one arm he placed around Michael's waist brought them chest to chest, not side-by-side.

"Brian." Ben mumbled, pushing off the wall and moving toward the door.

"You good?" Brian's hazel eyes smiled down at Michael. He was asking a silent question if Ben was making a menace in the store.

Michael's brown gaze smiled first before the actual smile. “Yeah, I'm doin' great.” His two arms went about to surround Brian's waist, underneath his long wool coat.

Ben couldn't be in the room anymore. "I'll call when I have everything squared away."

"We won't be waiting." Michael called out, with a smirk.

"Bye, Ben." Brian raised a hand to wave formally. He pocketed his gloves.

Ben finally exited after a full half-hour of conversation with Michael, head hung low.

"Whoa! Mr. Mopey Pants... was I wrong to come in?" Brian bit his bottom lip, finding Ben's demeanor quirky and somewhat unusual.

"Actually..." Michael rubbed Brian's back through his suit jacket. "I'm glad you did."

"Why? What did you do to Benji?" Brian's gaze caught sight of some comics laying on the hardwood flooring. He bent to pick them up, handing the stack to Michael.

"Nothing he didn't have coming to him." Michael strolled back to bounce within Brian's embrace. “No... I have something really cool to share with you.”

Brian caught him around the arms to stop him from being jumpy. "What?"

"Ben lost the footage of our one night!"

"Huh? How?"

"Luke has slippery fingers."

"Ben's friend? What did we do to him to make him like us?"

Michael shrugged one shoulder. "I suppose Ben's been talking with Luke. He knows everything and... he watched the video footage"

Brian grew enraged. "Fuck! Bruckner promised me--!!"

"Hey... hey... calm down." Michael soothed Brian's cheek, then over his chest. "The sex we had that night, in front of the camera, is gone. POOF!! Like it never happened." He did some kind of "windshield wiper" move over Brian's face.

Brian found a way to sneak in for another kiss, then slipped down Michael's neck. "But it did for us."

"Yes..." Michael grabbed Brian's coat lapels and tugged. "... it certainly did." He felt Brian's tongue fall over his skin and under his sweater collar. "... ugh... I wanna go back."

"Huh?"

"The hotel. The one we were in for two whole days." Michael backed them up to hit the comic book rack lining the front window. “I wanna go back... lay in bed, in your arms and bug room service and be decadent.” The action caused Michael to lean on the priceless merchandise.

Brian spread his arms out to cover Michael with his body and long coat. "I couldn't agree more, but I can't do it all the time for too long of a stretch. Only every so often." Michael smelled incredible, so he took nibbles at his neck and hiked the shirt hem to expose Michael's navel.

"We can lock ourselves in the loft one weekend, from Friday to Monday afternoon." Michael nudged Brian's face, wanting to not be here, but at home in bed. "Be somewhat the same thing. I'm sure there's a couple of places in the loft we haven't had sex in." He hefted himself up every so often to press lips against Brian's bottom lip. “Or on...”

Brian rolled his eyes in ecstasy, letting Michael's hands wander of their own free will. "Michael... that's what the night is for. And any chance we have to break away from work to find ourselves some free time together."

Michael tucked his hands at the back of Brian's suit trousers. "Where are you taking me to lunch?" He sighed in contentment, laying back on the comics. They were quite comfortable.

Brian smirked, his hazel eyes zeroing in on Michael's lips. He had this way of biting them that was starting to send Brian into erotic fantasies. He shook his head. "I can't tell you."

"Why?" Michael loved the adorable way Brian could flutter his lashes in coyness. He always could play the smart ass, knowing something that Michael didn't. But this time it was more personal and private, just between them. No one else would know.

" 'Cause it's a surprise. And..." Brian reached into his coat's inside pocket and pulled out a long strip of black silk. "... I have accessories to help me in case you can't learn to behave."

Michael gulped, thinking back to that question that had been in his head when they left New York City early this morning. What else could they do in bed to push themselves beyond normal boundaries? Why hadn't he thought of this? "Tie me up?" He raised a lone eyebrow in silent contemplation.

"Uhm... no..." Brian swallowed the lump lodged in his throat. An image of Michael tied to a bed or bound somehow to prevent him from using his hands to caress... the pale, naked skin against his sheets... legs and arms spread wide... and begging for release from captivity... oh, yeah... no wonder Michael looked so lustful. "Blindfold you."

~~TBC...