There had been letters, and a few video calls, but that had been the only contact he’d had with Wesley for nearly a year now. Timing had been completely off, and the Enterprise had never been near Earth long enough for them to see each other.

While the video calls had been low in number, the letters had been plentiful. Will knew all about Wesley’s classes, the friends he had made, and anything else Wes could think of to tell him. Wesley’s letters never lacked for details, and Will made sure his letters to Wesley were the same.

In some ways, it felt as though Wesley had never left. In most ways though, there was an almost constant ache and an emptiness that Wesley’s absence left in him. Even still, he had to admit that he was a little nervous at the moment. He was sitting outside of Wesley’s last class of the day. He was finally going to get to spend some time with Wesley, and even though he knew everything that happened in Wesley’s life, he still couldn’t help but wonder if Wes had allowed someone else into his life, or into his bed.

Will couldn’t really blame him if he had since they had been apart for so long, but he really hoped Wesley hadn’t. Will hadn’t. Will had only had his own hand for company since Wesley had left. Well, he had his hand to ease the tension, and then a stuffed bear to keep him company at night. It had surprised him how much having the stuffed bear had helped him.

Maybe it was a bad idea surprising Wesley like this. What if Wesley had found somebody new?

He heard Wesley’s voice near him, and he turned to see Wesley walking with a few people that must be his friends. If they were the people that Wes had written about in his letters, then their names were Chloe, Bradley, and Marcus. They had passed Will now, and he was about to call out to Wesley, or run away, he hadn’t really decided yet, when Wes stopped. He watched as Wesley turned around and looked right at him.

Seeing Wesley, seeing him look at him, he couldn’t help but smile. Wesley returned the smile and ran towards him, Will stood up just in time to catch Wesley in his arms. They held each other tightly.

“Will, it’s you. It’s really you.”

Will laughed. “Yeah, it’s me. I’m here.”

Wesley pulled back smiling, and then leaned back in to kiss him. Will smiled into the kiss. He had missed this, and he had missed Wesley so much. He could hear who he assumed were Wesley’s friends cheer and clap, and he and Wes pulled apart laughing.

“Well, Wesley,” Chloe said, “here we thought you were just making up a significant other because you just weren’t interested in any of the girls that asked you out, but it turns out you were just interested in guys.”

“Not guys. Just Will. Will’s the only guy I’ve ever been attracted to.”

“Just how many girls asked you out?”

Wesley smiled at him. “Later Will.” Wesley introduced Will to his friends, before turning back to Will. “So, how long are you here for?”

“Well, the Enterprise is going to be docked for two weeks for repairs.”

Wesley’s eyes widened and his friends laughed.

“Guess we won’t be seeing you for two weeks then, Wes.”

Wesley laughed and grabbed Will’s hand, but he had caught an expression on Wesley’s face before he laughed. It was something he couldn’t put a name too, but if he had to guess, he would say that Wesley was nervous. Wesley waved to his friends and he and Will headed off.

“You should pack a bag with some clothes.”

“Are we staying in town, or are we going somewhere else?”

“I figured we’d stay here. You do still have class.”

“No way am I going.”

“Wes…”

“No. Not gonna happen. I’ve got you for two weeks and I’m going to make the most of it. Besides, it’s not as if my classes are all that hard.”

Will slung an arm around Wesley’s shoulders. “Fine, but let it be known that I tried.”

Wesley laughed, but it rang hollow in his ears. “Okay, you’re off the hook if anyone asks.”

They smiled at each other, but Wesley’s smile didn’t reach his eyes, and they finished the walk to Wesley’s room. Something was off now. All of a sudden things seemed awkward even though things had started out so well. He wondered if Wesley was hiding something, and he wondered if he really wanted to know what it was.

Wesley’s roommate was absent, and he figured Wes was probably happy about that. “Still having problems with your roommate?”

“Yeah, I’m so glad you don’t have to meet him.”

“I figured as much.” He watched as Wesley threw some clothes into a duffel and thought briefly about throwing him down on the bed, but there was a chance that the roommate would return, and there was also Wesley’s unease.

Wesley finished packing and slung the duffel over his shoulder. He grabbed Will’s hand and led them out of the room. The hotel that Will had picked was within walking distance of the campus, and it didn’t take long before Will was letting them into the room.

As soon as Wesley dropped his duffel, Will pulled Wes into his arms and kissed him, hoping to get Wesley to relax. He let his hands roam around Wesley’s body and he could feel muscle that hadn’t been there when Wesley had left. “You’ve been working out,” he murmured.

“I had a lot of extra energy to burn.”

“Well, let me see.” He tried to tug Wesley’s shirt off, but Wesley laughed and ducked out of Will’s way.

“Will!”

“Oh come on. You’ve got to let me see.”

Wesley made his way back into Will’s arms. “Later, Will. I’m hungry. We should go eat.”

Will groaned and kissed Wesley. “Fine. Let’s go.”

Wesley smiled at him. “Stop pouting.”

Will pouted harder and Wesley just rolled his eyes. Will smiled and put his arm around Wesley’s shoulder. “Okay. Let’s go eat.”

Wesley wrapped an arm around Will’s waist, and they headed for the nearby restaurants. Will couldn’t help thinking of the strange behavior that Wesley had just displayed. Why wouldn’t Wes let Will see his newly developed muscles?

They managed to find the one restaurant where the crew of the Enterprise was hanging out. By the time he and Wesley finally got to sit down, Wes looked exhausted and ready to go back to the hotel.

“You sure you still want to stay and eat?”

“Yeah, I’ll be fine.”

Wesley was quiet throughout dinner, only reaffirming his belief that something was wrong. Anytime Will asked what was wrong, Wesley would only say that he was tired.

They finished dinner and walked back to the room, hands clasped together. He couldn’t stop worrying. Wesley was being so quiet, and Wesley was not a quiet person. He kept his mouth shut though, and when they got back to the room, he followed Wesley to the bedroom.

He watched as Wesley took off his shirt, and his mouth watered. Wesley wasn’t well defined, but he had definition for sure. “Wesley.” The desire was apparently in his voice, as well as awe. He couldn't help it.

Wesley blushed and looked away as he began to undo his pants. Will stripped his shirt off while Wesley was sliding his pants off. He was about to take his pants off too when something Wesley did gave him pause. Wesley was standing there, shirt and pants off, hands on his briefs ready to slide them off, only he wasn’t. Will stood there, waiting, and Wesley’s hands moved away from his briefs and he started climbing into bed.

That was it. Will needed to know what was going on. At the sound of Will’s voice, Wesley didn’t get into bed, and instead stood there in front of Will.

“You’re seriously going to bed like that?”

Wesley looked down at himself. “Yeah. Why? What’s wrong with it?”

“We haven’t gone to bed like that since the early days of our relationship.”

“Will, I’m too tired for sex.”

“This has nothing to do with sex. How can you even accuse me of that?”

“What do you want from me, Will? I don’t understand what the problem is.”

“The problem is that for some reason you can’t seem to strip in front of me. Why is that?”

“Will, it’s just for sleeping. I still don’t understand what the big deal is.”

“You know what? Fine. You don’t want to talk about it, then we won’t talk about it.” He took off his pants, leaving his briefs on since Wesley was being…whatever Wesley was being. He crawled into bed and waited for Wesley to join him. Instead, he heard Wesley walk out of the room, probably going to sleep on the sofa.

He turned to face the empty, cold side of the bed. It shouldn’t be like this. He hadn’t seen Wesley in a year. He should have Wesley wrapped up in his arms, the warmth of his body pressed against his own. Wesley didn’t want to talk, but they needed to. Will’s stomach knotted up. Wesley was hiding something from him, he was sure. He had to know.

Will walked out to the sofa. He could see Wesley’s features with the little amount of light they had left on. He sat on the floor in front of Wesley. Wesley was lying on his back, and he didn’t even look at Will when he sat down. Will wasn’t sure how to handle this, but he needed to know, so he decided to go with blunt.

“Was there, or is there, someone else?”

“No.”

“Really? Are you sure about that, because you’ve been acting awfully strange.”

Wesley sighed. “Will, do you really want to know? Do you want the truth?”

“Please.”

Wesley sighed again. “Fine. But don’t interrupt me. If you want to hear this, then you need to hear it all.”

Wesley stopped talking and Will thought that maybe he had changed his mind. Wesley closed his eyes and took a deep breath in.

“There was a guy, about two months ago. His name was Jon. We were at a party.” Wesley paused like he was trying to gather his thoughts. His hands were resting on his stomach, and Will laid one of his own on top of them. He wanted Wesley to know that he could continue, that Wesley could tell him anything, no matter what. He hoped that whatever Wesley had done, he wouldn’t be leaving Will. He had a feeling he would forgive Wesley anything, no matter how bad, but he couldn’t bear the though of Wesley leaving.

“He had been hitting on me for months, but I kept telling him I was with someone. He didn’t believe me. Most people didn’t. I wasn’t interested in him. I was just horny. I really needed…” Wesley trailed off but Will filled in. “You just needed a dick in your ass.”

Wesley smiled. It was faint, but it was there. “Yeah, that’s exactly it. I don’t remember how it happened, but he had me pinned against a wall. He tried to kiss me, but I wouldn’t let him. At least not on the lips. He kissed my neck. I got hard. He was hard too. He rubbed our erections together. I didn’t try and stop him. He palmed me then, through my jeans. It snapped me back to reality.”

Wesley’s voice was no longer steady. He was having a hard time keeping it together. Will, on the other hand, was beginning to feel relaxed. It sounded like Wesley hadn’t cheated on him.

“The hand, it wasn’t yours. It wasn’t you, and I knew I couldn’t go through with it. Not just because it was wrong, but because I knew I wouldn’t enjoy it if it wasn’t you. And I couldn’t do that to you. I didn’t want to. I didn’t want to do it. I don’t want anyone but you.”

Wesley was crying now, and Will leaned forward and wrapped his arms around Wesley.

“I pushed him away and told him I couldn’t do it, and I left. I went back to my room and took an ice cold shower. I didn’t even jerk off. I just couldn’t. It seemed wrong. I cried in the shower. I felt so disgusted with myself.”

Wesley let out a huge shuddering breath.

“Shh, it’s okay, Wes.” Will held Wesley as he finished crying.

“Will?”

“Yeah baby?”

“Do you hate me now?”

“No.”

“Should I have not told you?”

“No. I’m really glad you did.”

“Do you still love me?”

“More than anything.”

Wesley sighed and smiled.

“Come on. Why don’t you come to bed with me and we can finish talking.” He stood up and waited for Wesley, then he slung an arm around him as they walked back to the bedroom. They got settled under the covers, Will’s arms wrapped around Wesley. Wesley had his face buried in Will’s neck.

“Will,” he mumbled into his neck, “was there anyone else for you?”

“No.”

“Were you close?”

“No. Not even a little.”

“I’m an awful person.”

“No baby. No, you aren’t. You’re nineteen and you’re male. You’re overrun with hormones.”

“So you were expecting this?”

“No, that’s not what I meant. I didn’t think you would, and I hoped you wouldn’t, but that doesn’t mean that I wasn’t aware it was a possibility. You are young and you have needs, and we’ve been apart for a year.”

“Will, I’m so sorry.”

“I know. It’s okay. Why didn’t you tell me though instead of keeping this to yourself for two months?”

“I didn’t know how.”

Will could understand that. It would be hard to bring up something like that in a letter or in a video call. “True, but I wish you hadn’t suffered with this burden for two months.” Will kissed the top of Wesley’s head, and when Wesley looked up at him, Will kissed him.

Will wanted more, but he kept himself under control until he felt Wesley begin to rut against him. He reached down into Wesley’s briefs and took him in hand. “You’re so close, baby. You’re right on the edge.”

“Yes,” Wesley breathed against him. It wouldn’t be long before Wesley came, except he didn’t.

“What’s the matter, Wes?”

“I can’t.”

Will’s hand froze and looked down at Wes. “What do you mean you can’t?”

“I haven’t been able to since…”

“Not at all?”

“Nope. And not for a lack of trying, I can promise you that.”

Wesley was feeling really guilty about what he had done, or rather what he had almost done. “Wes, do you want to continue this, or do you want to stop?”

“I want to keep going, but I don’t want you to be disappointed if I can’t come.”

“Don’t worry about me Wes. We’re going to fix this.” He kissed Wesley before he could answer. He waited until Wesley had relaxed into the kiss before moving further down his body. He slid Wesley’s briefs off and pushed Wesley’s knees to his chest, exposing him completely. If he wasn’t so focused on fixing Wesley he would take his time and keep him on edge. Instead, not able to deny himself a taste, he ran his tongue around Wesley’s hole, causing Wes to whimper.

He had missed this, and he planned on spending a lot more time here, but for now, he had more important things to do. He took Wesley into his mouth and fumbled for the lube that he had stashed under his pillow. He slicked up his fingers and pushed one into Wesley. He must have been using the dildo that Will had gotten him because he wasn’t as tight as Will would have expected him to be after a year of no sex.

He slid a second finger in and found Wesley’s prostate. Wesley groaned and leaked pre-come into Will’s mouth, which he happily drank down. He groaned at the taste. It had been too long since he had gotten to taste Wesley like this, and he had missed it.

When he had stretched Wesley enough, he reluctantly let Wesley slide out of his mouth so that he could slick himself up. As soon as he was inside Wesley, Wesley wrapped his legs around Will.

He tried to start slow, letting Wesley get reaccustomed to him, but Wesley was impatient and urged him to pick up the pace. He didn’t though. Instead, he reached between them and began stroking Wesley. He hoped this was going to work.

“Open your eyes and look at me.”

Wesley did and Will could see the worry in them.

“You need to relax or this is never going to work.”

He could see Wesley trying, but he wasn’t entirely successful. That wasn’t promising.

“Does this feel good?”

“Yes. So good.”

“Is this what you wanted?”

“Yes.”

Wesley’s replies were breathless. He was so close to coming. He just needed to be pushed over the edge.

“Do you want to come?”

Wesley didn’t answer him, but didn’t break their eye contact either. He didn’t think he deserved to come. Will could see it in Wesley’s eyes.

“I want you to come. Do you want to come for me?”

Wesley nodded.

“Then you need to relax, baby.” He leaned down and kissed Wes. He kept his rhythm steady, but increased the pace at which he was stroking Wesley’s dick. He felt Wesley relax, and just in time because Will could feel his own orgasm building. He broke the kiss and looked at Wesley.

“Wes, you need to forgive yourself because I forgive you.” And those were the magic words. Wesley’s eyes widened as he came for the first tie in two months. He pulled Will over the edge with him.

When Will could focus again, he could see that Wesley had passed out beneath him. He chuckled and slid out of Wes, rolling off of him and laying down next to him. He ran a finger along Wesley’s abs, hoping that Wes wouldn’t be out for the night. He was still amazed at the muscle that Wesley had gained. He didn’t have a six-pack, but there was still some definition.

He was nearly ready to doze himself, when Wesley stirred next to him.

“Welcome back to the world.”

Wesley smiled and opened his eyes. The smile didn’t last though. He turned to face Will.

“What’s the matter, Wes?”

“Did you mean what you said?”

“Come here, Wes.” He gathered Wesley into his arms. “Yes I wanted you to come, but I wouldn’t have said that if I didn’t mean it.”

“How could you forgive me though?”

“Wes, you didn’t actually do anything.”

“But I was so close.”

“I know.”

They lay there in silence for a few minutes. Wesley wasn’t relaxed, and Will couldn’t understand why. He had forgiven him. What else did Wesley need?

“Will?”

“Yeah.”

“If I had cheated on you, would you still have forgiven me?”

Will didn’t say anything. He remembered how he felt when he has assumed the worse. He had still wanted to talk to Wesley. He had still wanted to make things work. He pulled away from Wesley and rolled onto his back. Wesley followed, propping himself up on an elbow. He used his free hand to run fingers through Will’s chest hair.

“Why, Will? Why would have forgiven me?”

“Would you have forgiven me?”

“I don’t know. I suppose if it was just the one time I might. But I don’t know for sure.”

“Wes, if you had cheated on me, you would still be here with me. I don’t want to lose you. I can’t imagine my life without you.”

“You’re such a girl.” There was no malicious intent in those words. Wesley was smiling at him, his eyes sparkling.

“Brat.”

Wesley laughed and leaned down to kiss Will. Will smiled into the kiss. He wasn’t worried. They had a future together, and it would take a lot more than a horny teenager to take that away from them.