Nude Therapy
by luv2custrip

Nude Therapy - Phase 02

Now that naked ladies have our attention, they reveal more.

I had to accept Mandy's invitation: how could I not? She had told me about her fantasy that she and her husband wanted to turn into reality: a few trusted men are invited over for an elegant dinner. As an after-dinner treat, Mandy climbs up on the table and strips nude. She proceeds to give every male present an intimate show of her every body part. If any man feels the need, condoms are provided and he may relieve himself under the table.

I had already seen every intimate body part of Mandy earlier that year, as she had participated in Nude Therapy at work. Not only had she given her quarterly sales presentation nude, she had thereafter intimately displayed herself to me in the privacy of her office.

I didn't really know what to expect as I rode the elevator up to their private luxury suite. Mandy's husband was some kind of financial guru... would he be there watching as his lovely wife stripped and entertained us?

I walked down the plush hallway to 17A with my heart actually pounding in my chest. I was a grown man but I felt as if I was showing up at my girlfriend's apartment when her parents were finally away to have sex for the very first time.

The door chime was answered by someone totally unexpected: she was a tall, leggy, short-haired blonde in her mid to late thirties-- and she was wearing a deep red robe that came to mid-thigh, closed with a black sash.

"Hello! It looks as though I'm playing hostess tonight... not one of my best talents but anyway... come on in! Welcome!"

What the... this was already turning out to be a much different experience from what I had been expecting!

She led me through their well-appointed living room which seemed to have extra recliners and an out-of-place daybed recently added. There were what looked like privacy screens leaning against the walls. What the hell...

"I'm Linda, by the way, and we girls have already eaten. This dinner is for you five gentlemen."

I introduced myself. I had to ask: "And you are...?"

She laughed. "I'm not sure if I'm a guest or part of the after-dinner entertainment!" She stopped just outside of the dining room and put her hand on my chest. I do love when women do that and wish I could reciprocate.

I had a closer look at Linda. Late thirties, I guessed; a very pretty face with soulful brown eyes and an easy smile. I already liked her immensely, even though I still had no idea why she was here, or why she was dressed in a shortie robe.

"It's going to get... a little crazy after dinner. But... if you know Mandy, and the causes she takes up..." Linda rolled her eyes theatrically.

"Oh," I replied, "I think I'll be able to handle myself."

She actually seemed to suppress a giggle. "We'll see who's handling whom-- after dinner!" and then she led me into the dining room.

There were four other men already seated at the modern but ornate table. Two were gray-haired, distinguished-looking older gentleman, one was a dark blonde about my age, the last a very young man, dark hair and olive skin. They all nodded and acknowledged me quietly. And here I was-- last to arrive, but allegedly fifteen minutes early.

Mandy and her husband came in from what seemed to be the kitchen area, as if my being seated set off some kind of alarm. Hubby was a constantly grinning guy who was prematurely balding. He seemed short compared to Mandy, but he was built as if he lived at the gym.

Now as to Mandy. I'm guessing she was forty or so. She had waves of shoulder length blonde hair, and she had her own perpetual smile. Mandy's smile always suggested that she was thinking of doing or saying something that was especially naughty. She was the unchallengeable queen of innuendo.

And she was wearing the same deep-red, thigh high robe as hostess Linda.

Mandy looked around the room and met my eyes. I deliberately raised my eyebrows and she did the same. I stuck my tongue out a little and so did she. We both stopped just before we would've collapsed laughing. There was a definite undefined sexual tension in the room, unmitigated by the presence of two women who may have been wearing nothing at all under their short matching robes.

Linda for some reason was standing behind me. I nearly jumped when she started massaging my shoulders.

Mr. Mandy spoke first (I soon learned his name was Glenn with two N's.) "Welcome everyone to our home! This is sure to be a most unusual occasion: an excellent dinner, followed by some... unprecedented after-dinner activities. My lovely wife will explain more, but first..."

He got close to Mandy and whispered. She shrugged and nodded. And then Glenn with two N's untied his wife's robe, pulled it off her shoulders, and finally all the way off her nude body.

Mandy took a deep breath and straightened herself up... which had an amazing effect on her amazing, shimmering 38D breasts.

All of us were so entranced by this sudden appearance of all of Mandy's sweet naked curves that we were collectively holding our breath. As we breathed again the whole room felt warmer... or was it that every inch of her newly revealed skin was exuding heat?

Mandy started blushing and it seemed as if we all followed her reddening skin down from her shyly smiling cheeks, down to her long proud neck, down to her kissable shoulders and finally flowing all the way down to her magnificent breasts.

How were they magnificent? Even as she was standing with her arms casually behind her, we could all trace how their perfect roundness started with an enticingly bold curve from under each of her arms. Follow that curve outward and down and they each exploded into molded spheres of rose-tipped female flesh.

Mandy's nipples were perpetually hard little buttons that seemed to have been crafted for licks and bites. Her matching rose-pink aureole were so delicate and un-wrinkly for a mature woman... they were the aureole of some sweet young girl.

Mandy's belly wasn't totally flat but gently rounded. We all probably knew that she had two children, but years of her being a jogging fanatic had erased any trace of stretch marks. Her belly button was so cute and so well-defined I wondered if all the men in the room had the same idea of pouring sweet wine into that little cavity and lopping it up with our eager tongues as she giggled and the liquid spilled all over.

Suddenly Linda leaned in close. And I knew what I was feeling against my neck, against the back of my head: her naked breasts. I started to whirl around but she whispered "shh... shh. You'll see it all, soon enough." Then she kissed my cheek and moved on to the gentleman on my right, an older man in his sixties who had quietly introduced himself as "James."

As Linda strolled over the three or four feet between our chairs, I took in her long, lean -- and now nude-- dancer's body. She was taller than I thought at first glance; probably 5' 8" or 5' 9 in bare feet.

I had a fine view of her long, gently-muscled legs from those bare feet all the way up to her jutting naked ass. I wasn't just a leg man, I was a leg connoisseur.

The ideal way to examine a beautiful pair of legs is to have the woman slowly raise up the hem of her below-knee skirt or dress... all the way up to panty-level, if she's wearing them. Of course the true connoisseur is circling her the entire time.

Once the skirt or dress is fully lifted and hopefully dispensed with, the real examination is physical. You start with the muscles between her ankles and her knees. You have her stand on one leg, then the other. You especially have her stand on tiptoe to feel her muscular strength.

Finally you must stand behind her and place your hands on her upper thighs, directly below her delta. Now simply tell her to flex those beautiful legs and even try to crush your hands between her thighs. You will feel how powerful women truly are. You will realize our fantasies of delicate little flowers are bullshit.

Linda knew I was closely examining her legs as well as the rest of her as she started massaging James's shoulders. He was simply leaning back, eyes half-closed, enjoying it. I wondered just how much Mandy's naked fantasy had evolved over time, and how much these other men were even more in on the latest version than I.

Back to Mandy and, just before she started speaking, I saw that she had taken her husband's advice and was fully shaved down below. She had nice firm outer lips that were just open enough to reveal the clitoral hood, creating a sexy trifold slit.

I was straining to see and yes, her darker inner lips were slightly bulging out. I knew from experience in studying her nude form that those inner lips were just barely concealing her vaginal opening, which was directly between her thighs and dangerously close to her anus.

Mandy smiled, knowing all eyes were on her. "I so want to thank you all for coming to my most unusual dinner party. For those of you who don't know, this is Nude Therapy: Phase Two. Many of you assumed Nude Therapy was for us naked girls... not really! It was to get the rest of you used to the idea of the female nude in public-- and especially at work."

I looked around at the other men. The youngest guy was the only one seated to my left and the closest to the open arch to the living room. He was nodding sagely at all this, but I noticed that he kept glancing at the small Caesar salad that was already in front of him. I guessed that some of us had brought hungers for things other than the sight of bared female flesh.

The other three men were all smiling and nodding and seemed slightly amused at the whole thing. Was I the only one who had been expecting a one-woman strip show?

Nude masseuse Linda had now finished with the last guy, who thanked her profusely. I felt a sudden wave of embarrassment as I knew I was in over my head. Again, I was like the relatively innocent young man who discovers that his new girlfriend is much more sexually experienced; even wickedly so.

Glenn stepped away, toward the living room with Mandy's robe as the two nude women briefly touched hands and stood facing us. There was something so erotic in that brief, supportive touch.

I at last had a chance to fully study Linda. Her breasts were 34B versions of Mandy's: perfectly round, hard-button nipples, with delicate rose-pink aureole. Linda's vulva was framed in a hint of light brown fur: a tuft on either side of her outer lips. Linda was definitely an outie and I got even harder than I already was when I saw that her vaginal opening was clearly visible.

Mandy was still slightly flushed while Linda seemed totally comfortable with her total nudity.

"We are going to step out to allow you gentlemen to enjoy your dinner without distractions! But first," Mandy gestured toward the kitchen door with a flourish, "our amazing chef!"

The kitchen door swung open and a slightly chubby, surprisingly young woman with short, dark blonde hair stepped in. She was also dressed in the same robe our two nudes had been wearing although she also had on the requisite chef's hat.

Now the five "gentlemen" were all looking at each other, eyebrows raised. Thank god there was something happening that was a surprise to everyone, not just me!

"May I introduce Cindi," Linda was now speaking. "She's only twenty-five and she already has her own very successful catering business. She's participating a bit reluctantly, so... let's all show her some support."

We all applauded politely. My young friend on the left took her appearance as a sign from above that he could start eating. He missed it when Cindi moved in to stand between the two naked women. They each took one end of the sash of Cindi's robe and pulled. Her robe fell open, the other women pulled it off her shoulders and away from her naked body.

I had never been that much attracted to "pleasingly plump" or downright chubby women-- until now. Cindi's chubbiness was most evident in her cute face, her round belly, and her thighs.

Unlike Mandy who turned red and Linda who shrugged it off, Cindi looked white, wide-eyed and almost terrified. Although I immediately felt for her, that didn't prevent me from taking stock of her naked body.

Cindi's breasts were conical and slightly droopy. Her long nipples and her large, dark-red aureole made up for that. They looked distinctly suckable. Her belly was undeniably cute although it was sagging over her mons. She was apparently a total innie down below, although it was hard to tell through her thatch of thick, curly brown hair.

Her thighs were chubby too but also kind of cute. Most young women her age have legs that have lengthened and thinned out. Cindi's legs made her look younger than she was as if she was still retaining her baby fat.

Three naked women lined up for our enjoyment. By the long hard lustful looks, the lips licked and the open mouths, no one was expecting all this.

"Linda will now help Cindi serve. Obviously, it's a little difficult to get help when the ladies learn about our undress policy!" Mandy joked.

Those two went into the kitchen and we all unconsciously leaned forward to compare Linda's pert butt cheeks to Cindi's chubby ones.

Mandy caught my eye and smiled. "Well, parties and events like this one are going on all over. We already have clothing optional summer sessions at work, we have various versions of Nude Days... everything from "Nude Secretaries Day" to "High Heels Day." Once we get you guys used to the idea that our nakedness is our new uniform, we have to address the issue of intimacy. That's Phase Two. And... we'll address that personally after dinner."

The door opened and Linda set up serving trays as Cindi carried out plates steaming with food. Watching women serve food naked was an unexpected pleasure.

"We will temporarily get our naked selves out of the way for a while," Mandy continued. "You men need the blood flowing to your stomachs-- not other areas!" she joked.

Cindi squeezed in between Hungry Man and me. Her chubby tummy was inches above my lap and I wanted nothing more than to push the food away and push her onto the table. I wanted to touch and kiss and just generally show that tubbiness some love and then move on from there.

Once the two nude servers were done, they gave us a little wave on their way back to the kitchen. Cindi got a little bolder and did a little bow, but she noticed-- we all noticed-- how nicely her breasts hung down as a result and she backed away, biting her lip in embarrassment.

Dinner was actually wonderful: a uniquely prepared chicken parmigiana with fine layers of breaded chicken interspersed with layers of various melted cheeses. The edges were crispy and the whole thing rested on a bed of angel hair with sides of flavorful broccoli and garlic potatoes.

All of us dug in. I guess it was true that all the blood collecting in our penises had to go somewhere.

My older dinner companion and I exchanged pleasantries between bites. He was actually the CEO of our competitor. He encountered Mandy nude at a sales convention.

"She showed up naked at her son's college!" I almost dropped my fork. Mr. Hungry was already done eating and was now apparently more than ready to speak.

"Excuse me?" I gulped and turned to him.

"Well... her son wasn't there!" he explained

"It was Nude Day; various guest speakers and most of the professors there to answer questions. Really to check out how many coeds would actually show up naked! I'm an assistant and I actually tutored Noah. Well there's Mandy totally nude and surrounded by admirers! I was here, in her home, now I'm seeing everything!"

Neither James nor I had any response to this revelation.

"There's something about her," he continued. "She's the whole package: body, mind and spirit. How do you say 'no' to all that?" He shook his head. "I'm still in touch with Noah; how do I deal with seeing his mother nude, with seeing exactly where he came from? And then tonight..." he trailed off, apparently embarrassed.

I decided to break the ice. "And were there a lot of naked coeds?"

"Oh my god!" he whispered conspiratorially. "About three out of four; and then some of the girls who showed up dressed were so taken aback they stripped off too!"

So now the three of us were great friends, nodding about the thought of all of those naked coeds. And we still didn't know Mr. Hungry's name.

Someone must have been listening for our conversations to start to know that we were done with dinner. Long, lovely and naked Linda walked in-- unexpectedly from the living room. We gave her our undivided attention.

"If you gentlemen wouldn't mind joining me in the living room?" she gestured. As we got up to follow that sweet, curvy rear she continued: "Dessert and coffee will be served later; and before someone asks if we're dessert... well that's up to you."

We stood in a semi-circle around her and we were all happily staring at her cute breasts, her long legs, and the tantalizingly open pink folds peeking out in between.

"If we ladies are going to be nude at work-- and the Nudity Project says that may be up to 40% of companies within a year-- then we all have to deal with the undeniable, sensual aspect." She looked at all of us.

"Look at the way you're looking at me!"

Some of us blushed and looked away; most of us just smiled at her, grateful for a naked woman acknowledging our lustful gazes.

"Our next phase," she continued, "is for all of us to share a private, intimate moment together. This will involve your nudity, and-- to put it bluntly-- you will need to be hard enough for one or more of us to successfully lower ourselves onto your erections."

The room was silent. I think we were all holding our breaths.

"Full disclosure" she stated, "I'm a sexual surrogate, so I've been chosen to lead you into this next step. I am not being paid to be here today: I'm a good friend of Mandy's and I'm a believer in the Nudity Project."

"If you'll look around the room--" and we did-- "you'll see there are private areas set up for each one of you. There is no requirement that you participate today. And please be aware we are not talking about full intercourse. After a full week of full nudity at work, we would just love to feel you inside us so we can talk and laugh or whatever-- in a new, truly intimate way."

Then she unexpectedly walked up to me. "And the last shall be first," she said in a soft, low voice. She took my arm and, turning me around, led me around the nearest privacy screen to a daybed.

"If you're participating," she said, "take off all of your clothes and put them anywhere you can. There are plenty of fluffy towels if you want to drape yourself. One of us will be in shortly, and, if you're naked, she'll be your first ride."

I stared at her. "Do you talk to all of your clients like that?"

"Oh no," she shook her pretty head. "Mandy gave me special instructions on how to handle you. And I will be handling you later if you're still up to it!"

She grinned and turned and closed the screen around me. I heard muted conversations and rustling all around me as I undressed. I was nice and hard and I knew I'd get even harder when one of these very special, very naked ladies came in to check up on me.

There was a pile of fluffy white towels to my left. I shrugged and placed one still-folded towel on my lap, temporarily suppressing my throbbing cock. I waited. I heard a low murmur of voices; occasional female laughter. I really liked the female laughter: as I looked down at the towel, it rose a little more every time.

Finally there was a soft voice: "knock, knock." My lustful anticipation was off the charts when she peeked in: it was Cindi, my chubby little cutie. I was so happy.

"I guess I'm supposed to ask if you're indecent," she said as she eased her nudity around the partition. "But... I can see you're ready; Mandy said you would be."

"What else did Mandy say about me?" I asked, trying to arch my eyebrows.

Cindi kept biting her lips and blushing as she sat down naked next to me. Our bare thighs were touching but she seemed to like that and she snuggled even closer. I put my arm around her, rubbing her back, her waist, the curve of her soft butt. She was blushing so hard every inch of her skin was hot.

"You're my first tonight and I asked Mandy to please please please pair me up with someone nice. She said that you were the kindest, gentlest, real man that she had ever known."

Now I was biting my lip and trying to hold back some unwanted moisture behind my eyes. How in hell was I going to deal with naked women like this little one all day, plus intimacies like this, if I started blubbering whenever a nudie cutie shared a kind word?

I gulped and I pulled her closer. Her right breast was brushing my naked chest. "I will be sure to thank Mandy personally for those kind words, in a very personal way... later. Right now..." I leaned in and turned her sweet face to me and kissed her.

Cindi responded eagerly, her shyness seemingly forgotten. Now she turned her whole body toward me. I put my hands under her ass and started to pull her up even closer.

"Wait... wait," she gasped. "Whoa. We're not supposed to be umm... making whoopee! I'm only supposed to check that you're hard enough first."

I reached down and pulled the towel off.

"Whoa! Well! I would say that you are more than ready!" Now she was licking her lips and unable to take her eyes off my straight-up cock.

"What about you?" I asked as Cindi stood up and moved in between my legs.

"What about me?" she answered innocently.

"How do I know you're ready?" I queried, looking pointedly between her legs.

"Oooh. I gotcha! They should really give us a training manual for all of this stuff!" she exclaimed.

"I think I know my way around," I said, as I opened up one hairy outer lip with my thumb and pressed two fingers of my other hand in to the opening.

"Oh god! Oh god! Oh my god!!" she cried out.

I pushed back her hood and pulled on her little love nub. It rolled around between my fingers, already wet and slippery from its own clit juice.

"Oh god! Umm umm... " Cindi put her hand down there and halfheartedly tried to push me away. "We... we... we're not supposed to cum you know, and we're obviously both more than ready, so..." she sighed heavily and I loved watching those conical breasts jiggle along with her chubby tummy. I still wanted to eat her up alive.

I pulled Cindi to me, between my legs until she was directly over my cock. I helped her up onto the bed as she obviously had to kneel over me for our insertion maneuver to work.

"So," I said as she hesitated, "it's time to uhh... lower oneself..."

She turned beet-red. "I've never done it this way before."

"Oh!" She was so cute, but really?! "I'll help you: I'll kind of aim it, and hold it steady. You just have to lower your pussy hole right over the head until we get it right."

She swallowed hard. "I'll try." She looked at me with such sad eyes. "I'm so embarrassed; I've mostly been with girls."

"We will get there," I said, breathing hard now and directing her with my hands under her ass. I wanted to be inside her so much! I maneuvered her wet vaginal opening right over my cock head and told her to just rock back and forth, lower and lower until I slipped in.

"Oh god!" she said. "I can feel you inside!" She sounded so thrilled that I was thought she was about to start crying.

"That's just the head. We're almost there" God I was so hard. "Lower all your weight on me; you won't hurt me. That's it! That's it!! Oh, my sweet girl."

I lay back, propped up on my elbows and took in the sight of her. All of that exertion had us both breathless and sweaty. She was showing the additional effect of her nipples seemingly growing to untold new lengths as her breasts quivered above me with her every breath.

"What are supposed to do now if we're not supposed to make love?" I asked.

"I really don't know!" she laughed. "But thanks for the lesson!"

"You are really and truly absolutely fucking adorable," I gushed.

"I swore that I wasn't gonna cry," her voice was breaking, "but you are so sweet!"

I pushed myself up and I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her. I held her head against my shoulder until she calmed down. I could feel her breathing softly. I could feel her warm wet tears.

This sweet girl was getting to me. I made some joke about how we were taking so long, we were probably holding everybody up. Cindi leaned back and she looked at me and then she slowly bounced up and down on my cock a few times with a wicked grin on her sweet face before she pushed off.

She stood up and wiped her eyes and we kissed again. "Oh shit," she said.

"What?"

"You were really supposed to be wearing a condom! Don't worry: I'm taking precautions but now I'm breaking the rules. Oh well. I hope you won't tell on me."

I shook my head. "Never. You are so wonderful."

"I can't stop kissing you," she informed me. She leaned in again for one last long wet one before she backed away. She took one last naked look at me and said "Oh god!" and squeezed her nude self around the screen on my right.

"Holy shit!" I muttered. I opened my legs up wide and let my cock throb out in the open air. I could still taste sweet Cindi on my tongue. I rubbed my shoulder and put my fingers in my mouth so I could taste her salty tears. I looked down at my cock. "Oh what the hell!" I said as I brushed it lightly with my fingers and brought them up to suck on, just to taste her leftover juices.

"Are you already starting with dessert?" said Mandy, abruptly standing nude to my left. "Tasting your own penis, when anyone here would taste it for you..." she shook her head.

"It's great to see you too," I countered.

Mandy sat down next to me in the very spot that was probably still warm from Cindi's naked ass.

"What did you do to that girl? I mean, you're all she's talking about. She's quite in love with you and now you've ruined her for all the other men!"

"Look at me," I said. "I'm a heartbreaker."

And Mandy did look at me, happily noting how my penis was twitching at her attention.

"Look at you indeed," Mandy said, grinning. "We may have gotten it all wrong: we need enforced male nudity so that we know what your devious minds are thinking by watching your penises."

"I love you too," I sighed and wrapped myself around her. She stiffened up at first, then she practically melted. "You bastard," she said, as I started kissing her right ear and licked my way down her neck to her shoulder.

"We.... have to get this out of our systems." Mandy disentangled herself and stood between my open legs.

"What do you mean," I asked as my eyes were raking over her every naked inch, my penis throbbing and dripping with pre-cum.

"We are going to fuck right now and I mean quick and hard," she said. "We need to get this out of the way so you can head back to New York, stop the bullshit, and tell your girlfriend that you love her."

Mandy started straddling me, then she reached down and lightly ran her fingers up my thigh, over my balls and onto my cock.

"Mandy!" I nearly shouted and tried to quiet myself. "How do you know about Anne and-- how can we do this?!"

Mandy had her fingers in her mouth, tasting me. She ran those same wet fingers down her body, over her breasts, down past her belly to her wet folds as she pried herself open. She was inches above me, lowering herself inexorably closer and I knew I could not resist her.

"I have my sources," she breathed out. "And I love you too, by the way. I never ever want to lose you as the best real male friend in my whole life but please please please--" now she sounded like Cindi "I need you so much right now!"

Mandy's open pussy was beginning to leak its warm fluids onto me, onto my penis, my sac, my thighs. I was gone. I grabbed her under her sweet ass and lowered her down and watched myself get swallowed up inside her folds.

I love women's bodies so much! Their vaginas are made to expel bouncing bundles of joy the size of bowling balls and yet, when you watch their cunts take you in and their flesh swell up around you, it's as if you are reluctantly penetrating a delicate flower.

"Mandy, Mandy," I was moaning. "What about your hubby?"

She stared. "That's a bit gauche, talking about a lady's husband while you're inside her."

"Mandy!"

She sighed. "He's entertaining-- or entering-- sweet Cindi about now."

I was in shock. "Your husband's... participating?!"

She nodded and simultaneously began bobbing up and down on me. "It's his house too: he's allowed to have some fun."

Just then as if on cue I heard a girlish giggle I recognized as Cindi's, followed by a manly "ssshhh..."

The sounds came from only about six feet to our right.

"He's probably tickling her tummy," Mandy speculated. "You men all seem to love chubby tummies. Who would have thought?" She was starting to sound breathless.

"I should have tickled her tummy," I replied, ruefully.

"You tickled her other areas quite well. I didn't hear any complaints. Now," she lowered her voice even more, "are we going to start some serious fucking or are you gonna talk all night?"

Mandy was very much humping me. I stared up at her. She was trying to make me cum quickly without necessarily cumming herself. I was having none of that.

I had my hands on her lower back. I brushed the spot where her tailbone met the crack of her ass cheeks and she nearly jumped off of me.

"Oh no!" she cried out "Oh you bastard!"

Had I found her kryptonite? I pulled her cheeks open and ran my fingers inside.

"No no no!" she was almost shouting.

Now I was the one shushing her. "Sshhh.... or your husband might hear that his sweet wife is having way too much fun." All I had to do was dip my fingers in the thickening pool of her girlie-goo that was all over my sac and dripping on my thighs... and then start poking into her forbidden zone.

"You bastard," she said. "Two can play this game." And then she arched her body up and threw herself down on top of me. Her breasts were in my face and I instinctively opened my mouth to taste them.

Her hot skin, the feel of her sweet curves, the taste of her tits, and the smell of her cunt was all over me. I wanted to be smothered by her breasts, drowned in her love juice, and I wanted her to crush my cock in her tightening pussy.

Speaking of pussy, in her new position she was doing more grinding than bobbing. I could feel her slick bare pubes rubbing up against my hairy mound. Judging by her reaction, I was nicely tickling her clit.

I couldn't take anymore, and neither could Mandy. She straightened back up and rode me hard. Now she was not only pushing my cock deeper inside her, she was unwillingly pushing my finger, slick from her own juices, deeper into her asshole.

She went rigid at the same moment I lost all control. I exploded every bit of hot liquid that I had inside me. I was picturing myself shooting at her cervix; I was willing every drop of liquid inside my body to come out and fill up her sweet hole.

"Fuck fuck FUCK!!" she nearly shouted and I had to reach up and put my one free hand over her mouth. She opened up and she bit down hard on my fingers as she came and it hurt so much and I didn't care. My penis would not stop squirting after decreasingly hard squirts. Finally I was limp and so reluctantly out of her and I was still leaking.

Mandy collapsed on the bed to the right of me this time. Her long luscious legs were bent up, almost to her breasts. She cupped one hand over her vulva.

"Oh. My. God," she gasped. She looked at me expectantly. "Will you throw a girl a towel? I'm trying to keep your hot stuff from leaking out all over!"

I complied and I watched her. I do love watching naked women trying to desperately clean up after sex.

Mandy stood up. "I'm gonna clean up and I'll toss you a hot wet towel." Then she walked around the daybed and opened a door I hadn't noticed before. As she closed it I peeked around her bare cheeks to see it was a half-bath.

I heard water running. The door opened for two seconds and the promised towel landed in my lap. I smiled as I cleaned up: it was very coincidental that I had been steered to this daybed that happened to be conveniently next to a bathroom.

I was amazed at how happy I was. I was beyond happy, I was... fulfilled. That was the word that came to me as I started to dress.

And then naked Linda walked in. "You're dressing... and I never even got to see..."

I pulled down my briefs for her as I stood up, slacks around me knees.

"Nice," Linda observed. "I can get that back up again; I am quite experienced..."

I pulled everything up and went to her. "Some other time: I mean it!"

We hugged and she said "You have the lovely Anne to think of now, and from what I hear, you two don't require the services of a sex surrogate!"

"Jesus!" I exclaimed. "Has Mandy told everybody about Anne?!"

"Mandy?" Linda grinned. "Oh no, haven't you heard? I'm the psychic sex surrogate. I do naked Tarot readings before I do my clients."

I laughed and hugged that special lady hard. "If you do one for me, I'll be the Fool."

"Oh, you're no fool," Linda said softly as she put her hand on my chest.

I saw my opportunity. "Could I put my hand on YOUR chest?"

"You can put it anywhere you want" and with that she took my hand and cupped it between her legs. I pressed my middle finger up and it slid inside her slippery hole without resistance.

Linda brought my hand back up and kissed it. "When you look back on all this today, and think this was only a fantasy, smell me... taste me..."

Just then the bathroom room door opened and Mandy came out and around the bed, hands on her naked hips. "I leave you alone for two minutes, and already you're with another naked girl?!"

Mandy strolled over and muttered "Oh what the hell!" and I had suddenly had two nude women holding me tight.

"Knock knock!" Cindi peeked in. "What's going on in here?! Somebody has to tell me who I do next! Oh..."

"We're having a very important, team-building, nude group hug," I informed her. "Come on in!"

She sighed. "Oh, what the hell," and came over and joined in. Most nude women, by the way, mutter "oh what the hell" before they have anything to do with me.

It only lasted thirty seconds but, before our nude group hug was over, I not only grabbed but seriously molested all six of the bare asscheeks present with my roaming hands.

Then Mandy noticed I was getting hard again. "No no no!" she said. "Down boy!" and we all laughed and the group broke up. I finally stood back in the middle of Mandy's living room, the only one dressed, as the three nudes had a group meeting of their own before disappearing behind their individual privacy screens with quick nude kisses on my cheek and naked waves goodbye.

I heard girlish laughter and excited male voices. For only a moment I felt a pang of jealousy, but then I realized that all of these men were here for a reason... they all still had something that they needed to work out-- just like I did.

I went to the door, first confirming that it would lock behind me. I held my breath and stepped out into the hallway and closed that door behind me.

I was backing away, unable to take my eyes off that 17A gold plate, which seemed to be glowing like the light at the end of Daisy's dock. But, unlike the Great Gatsby, I was not going to devote my life to becoming that one special fantasy that would attract that one special woman. I had already found her.

I straightened my shoulders and turned towards the elevator. Now that I was turned away from my fantasy come true, I was facing the rest of my life-- that was scary!

I was actually contemplating spending the rest of my life with one person.

I think I got woozy. I tried to steady myself by watching the glowing numbers lighting up above me: 12, 14, 15, 16. 17. Then I stepped into that elevator without once looking back.


