Mindy at the Hotel

It was that time of year again, when Mindy had to travel for work. Each year in October, her company sent her and some co-workers to a tradeshow in Boston. For three days, she would work in the company booth, on the tradeshow floor, talking for hours on end to prospective customers about the various products the company offered. 

The worst part was that her co-workers that had traveled with her all hated to go out at night. So after the show closed for the day, everyone would retire to their hotel rooms for the night. Well, after two nights of watching Spectra-Vision in room movies, Mindy was getting really bored. There was only one thing that had piqued her interest at all. 

Since no one went out to eat dinner, she had ordered room service the past two nights. On both occasions, her meal was delivered to her by a woman. Her nametag said “Tara”, and she was a cute brunette, with short hair (which Mindy thought looked really “cute and sassy”) and a nice figure. Of course she wore a uniform consisting of a white blouse, black slacks and a black vest, so quite a bit was hidden. 

The first night, Mindy thought that there may have been a little bit of a spark between them. They ever so briefly touched hands when she handed Mindy the check to sign, then made a comment about how much she liked Mindy’s suit. Mindy thanked her and they locked eyes for a moment before Tara thanked Mindy and left. 


On the second night, Tara again complimented Mindy’s outfit. Mindy thanked her, and complimented Tara’s hair. She told her that she would love a hair style like that, but was afraid to get her hair cut too short. Tara told Mindy that she should try it, what with her beautiful features and all, it would look fantastic. They chit-chatted for a moment, then Tara left again. Mindy thought about her for a while after she left.

This was something very new to Mindy. She had found women attractive before, but this was different… Tara actually seemed to be attracted to Mindy too!

On the way home from the show the third night, the talk among her co-workers in the taxi was of aching feet and tired tongues. Three days of standing and talking had taken their toll. Mindy wanted no part of the complaining, so she watched the city go by out her window as they drove. She thought about room service, and how she hoped Tara was working again tonight. Then she had an idea… a rather naughty one, she thought.

She could hardly wait to get to the hotel, and left her companions bickering about who’s turn it was to pay the cab fare once they reached the curb out front. Mindy walked quickly to the elevators and pushed the 12 button once inside. She rode up to her 12th floor room, planning what she was about to do. 

It was a simple plan, really. She would order her dinner from room service. Then she would strip naked, and hop in the shower. She would listen for the knock at the door, get out of the shower and wrap a small towel around herself, loosely, so that she would need to hold it closed to stay covered.

Tara would bring the food in, and when she handed Mindy the check to sign, Mindy would drop her towel. It would be great! Mindy could hardly wait. Once inside her room, she picked up the phone and ordered a Chef Salad and a Diet Coke. The guy taking the orders told her it would be about 20 minutes. 

Mindy quickly stripped off her shoes and suit, then her blouse, pantyhose, bra and panties. She turned the shower on and hopped in. Now all there was to do was wait. 

She actually washed and conditioned her hair while she waited (she wanted this to look as authentic and unplanned as possible). Just as she rinsed the last of the conditioner out, a knock came at the door. Mindy called out…

“Who is it?”

“Room Service.” Said a familiar female voice. It was Tara. Mindy smiled. She was instantly very nervous as she grabbed a small bath towel and wrapped it around herself. She glanced at her reflection in the mirror as she exited the shower. The towel just covered her from her breasts to her upper thighs, but wasn’t long enough to wrap around her completely. It was a good two inches too short. So she held the two corners with her left hand. Her breasts were barely covered at all. The towel was much smaller than Mindy had thought. She walked to the door, took a deep breath, and opened the door with her free hand.

“Hi! Oh my…” said Tara, glancing down at Mindy’s barely hidden body.

“Hi. Sorry, I was in the shower…” Mindy said. She noticed that instead of her usual uniform, tonight Tara wore a rather sexy little black dress. Mindy remembered seeing a waitress in the hotel restaurant wearing a similar dress when she had gone in there for coffee that morning. 

Tara smiled and looked a little embarrassed as she walked in, carrying a small tray with Mindy’s food. 

“I’m so sorry to disturb you…” she said as she set the tray down on a small table. As she bent over to remove the metal cover from the plate, Mindy was offered a clear view down the front of Tara’s dress. A hint of green bra was visible, as was a good portion of milky white skin. Tara was quite well-endowed! Mindy felt a rush of excitement as she stole as much of a look as she could. When Tara straightened up, she noticed Mindy’s glance, but said nothing. She just smiled.

“Here is your check, Miss Thayer.” She said, holding out the check and a pen. Mindy smiled and took them with both hands, letting go the towel. The towel clung to Mindy’s wet skin for a moment, then dropped to her feet. 

“Ohmigawd!” Mindy gasped. Tara’s eyes dropped to Mindy’s bare breasts. Mindy put one hand to her mouth to appear shocked. Tara smiled and giggled a bit in embarrassment, and averted her eyes after getting a good look. Mindy dropped the check and picked up her towel. She held it over her front. She was actually blushing. The sudden nudity always made her blush.

“I’m so embarrassed!” Mindy said. Tara smiled.

“That’s ok Miss Thayer. I’ll just let you eat your dinner!” She quickly started to walk from the room when Mindy noticed the check on the floor. She grabbed it and started to walk after Tara.

Tara was already at the door, with a big smile on her blushing face! 

“Wait, you forgot the check…” Mindy said as she took a few steps towards Tara. She stepped, though, on one of the shoes that she had removed just a little while ago, and lost her balance. She stumbled forward just as Tara opened the door and turned towards her. Tara saw that Mindy was about to stumble right into her and tried to step aside to avoid the collision. From Mindy’s perspective though, Tara was the only thing that she could grab to keep from falling face first onto the floor. And grab Mindy did. She reached out with her free hand, trying to grab Tara’s arm, but getting a handful of dress in the process. The force caused Tara to fall back into the hallway as Mindy regained her balance. Mindy, though, couldn’t let go of Tara’s dress fast enough. 

RRRIIIPPPPPP!!!! The dress tore clean off. Tara fell on her silk pantied fanny in the hall. Before Mindy could do a thing, the heavy metal door started to swing closed. It bumped Mindy in the rear, causing her to gasp a little, and drop the dress and the towel as she pitched forward into the hallway. The dress fell inside the room, the towel caught between the door and the door jam as the door clicked shut.

It took both girls a second or two before they realized what had happened. 

“Oh no!” Tara said, looking down at herself. She was now clad in only a lacy green strapless bra that was at least one size too small for her ample breasts, a pair of pink silky bikini panties, black stockings that went up to mid-thigh, and a pair of black high heels. She scrambled to get up. Her breasts seemed ready to burst out of the bra as she struggled to get to her feet, and in fact, one nipple did pop out over the top of the left cup. 

“Oh Gosh!” Mindy exclaimed, and turned to retrieve her towel. She tried the door first, but it was locked. She frantically shook the door handle, causing her breasts to bounce and her bare fanny to jiggle a bit. Finally, she grabbed the towel and gave a good yank. The thin material tore easily, and she was left with about half of the original material. Tara covered herself with her hands.

Mindy took the towel and held it over her neatly trimmed bush with one hand, and tried to cover her breasts with her other arm. The two girls stood looking nervously at each other.

“Now what do we do!?!” Mindy asked. Just then, a loud DING at the end of the hall warned them that the elevator was about to open.

“Quick!” Tara said, and grabbed Mindy’s hand, causing Mindy to bare her breasts again. They ran down the hall in the opposite direction, Tara leading Mindy by the hand. Just as two well-dressed men stepped from the elevator, Tara pulled Mindy into a small alcove that contained the ice machine and a soda machine. 

The space between the two machines was only 3 feet by 4 feet. They stood totally pressed together, Tara behind Mindy, and crouched down a bit, to stay as out of view from the hallway as possible. Mindy could feel Tara’s breasts pillow into her back. She could also feel the smoothness of Tara’s stockings against the backs of her calves. They stood, though, perfectly still as they listened to the voices of the men trail off as they wished each other goodnight and went to their respective rooms. 

“That was close.” Tara said. 

“Don’t you have a set of room keys or something?” Mindy asked in a bit of a panic. 

“No. I’ve only been here 2 weeks, and I’m supposed to waitress tables in the restaurant tonight. They still haven’t given me keys!” she said, in almost as great a panic.

“Well… What do we do!?!?” Mindy squealed. “Can’t we call someone?” Tara thought for a moment. She had only been on the job 2 weeks, and had been fired from her last job. She couldn’t imagine that calling someone, even if they had access to a phone, would be a good thing. 

How would she explain the fact that she was not on room service detail, and only took this order up when she recognized Mindy’s room number on the check as the tray sat in the pick up area of the kitchen, waiting to be delivered. She just couldn’t get Mindy’s cute smile and pretty face out of her head since yesterday, and wanted one more chance to see her. Well, she had gotten that chance, and now, a whole lot more than she had bargained for!

“There aren’t any house phones in the hallways from the 2nd floor on up.” Tara said.  “I do, though, have a spare key to my car hidden under the front bumper. Inside I have my workout clothes. We could get them, and you could go to the front desk and get a new room key. I’ll wait in the car. Then you can get my dress, and bring it to me in the car!” 

“Oh, I guess we have no other choice!” Mindy sighed.

“We really should get moving. People will be coming back to and leaving their room’s now. It’s the dinner hour!” Tara said. 

“Well, where is your car?” Mindy asked. Tara smiled a very nervous smile.

“It’s in the parking garage, across the street…” she said. Mindy felt a sinking feeling in her belly. This was downtown Boston! The street was a busy 4 lane thoroughfare that at 5:30 PM, as it was now, would be jammed with traffic! 

“Come on! We’d better get moving!” Tara said, and started to pull Mindy by the hand back into the hallway. 

“Is there a back door or something that we can go out through?” Mindy asked, pulling back

Tara looked even more nervous now as she thought about it. “No. The quickest way would be to take the elevator to the lobby level. There’s a side door near the elevators that will lead us right onto the sidewalk. Then we have to cross the street and run through the front entrance of the garage.”

“The lobby!?!?” Mindy exclaimed. Oh great! She could just picture the two of them running through the lobby then out into the street dressed like this! Actually, Mindy wasn’t dressed at all! The hand towel sized cloth she had would do little to cover anything! At least Tara had her underwear on. 

“Come on! We need to go!” Tara said, pulling Mindy out of the alcove. This little tug of war they were engaged in was having a very negative effect on Tara’s bra. All of the bending and pulling had caused Tara’s large breasts to move about quite a bit inside the bra, breaking one of the two clasps in back that held the bra closed. With one clasp broken, the one remaining clasp had to contain those large boobs of hers, at least a size too big for that bra! That remaining clasp began to slowly bend and loosen…

“Trust me, if we move fast, hardly anyone will see us! It’s our only chance!” Tara pleaded, knowing that with each passing moment the lobby, elevators, and street would be getting busier!

“OK, ok!” Mindy said. And the two started down the hallway, quickly, but cautiously. Tara still held Mindy’s hand. They got to the elevators and Tara hit the down button. They stood very close to each other, shivering a bit in nervous anticipation. Mindy held the towel against her lower stomach, so that it draped down to her thighs. She wanted to cover her breasts with her other arm, but at the same time, didn’t want to let go of Tara’s hand! There was such an electricity between them, plus, it made Mindy feel a little more secure about what she was doing. 

It took a moment for the elevator to arrive. Tara was trembling at this point.

“I have never been so nervous in my entire life!” she finally said with a nervous giggle. It broke the tension a little.

“Oh Gawd, me neither!” said Mindy. With all of her naked in public experience, she had never been this far from her home, clothes and shelter before, nor had she had to rely on someone else to get her through it. 

The elevator door opened in front of them. They braced for an encounter with someone, but it was empty. Both breathed a little sigh of relief and quickly stepped on. Mindy’s bare boobs bounced a little as she stepped through the doors. Tara pushed the door close button, then stole a quick glance at Mindy’s bare bottom. She turned to Mindy.

“OK, before I hit a button, let’s just plan this a little. I’ll hit the lobby button. Hopefully we’ll go straight down.” She swallowed hard and was obviously really nervous. “When we get to the lobby, we have to run to the right. We go right through the back of the lobby. There’s a big metal door that says EXIT. That leads us outside. Then we have to go up the walk about 100 feet, and cross to the parking garage.”

“What do we do if someone gets on the elevator before the lobby?” Mindy asked.

Tara smiled nervously and shrugged her shoulders. That caused her breasts to bounce a bit in the bra, and weaken the clasp even more. Then she reached out with a slightly shaking hand, and pushed the “L” button for Lobby. The elevator started it’s decent. Mindy started to get really nervous. Not knowing what to expect was the worst part. After a few floors, the bell sounded and the elevator started to slow down. Mindy gasped a little and looked at Tara. Tara had a wide eyed look of fright on her face. She looked at Mindy and shrugged her shoulders, just as the doors opened. 

Tara’s breasts bounced up a little as she shrugged. When they bounced back down, it was just more stress than the bra could take. The clasp gave way. The bra, which was pulled tight across her breasts, popped right off. It sailed out of the elevator and landed on the shoulder of a man in a suit who was waiting in the hall. Tara gasped loudly. The guy in the suit looked startled, then smiled. Mindy, still not wanting to let go of Tara’s hand, dropped her towel and reached out to hit the “Door Close” button, totally exposing herself. The door closed.  

“Oh Gosh!” said Tara. She draped her free hand over her breasts. Mindy picked her towel back up. “Oh Gosh!” she said again. The elevator continued to descend. The girls watched the numbers above the door. 6, 5, 4,…

“Oh well, here goes!” said Mindy.

“Oh Gosh!” said Tara.

3, 2, Lobby.

A loud “DING” announced they had reached their destination, and the doors started to open…

Mindy took the initiative, and ran out first, still holding Tara’s hand. Her bare feet slapped the cold marble floor of the lobby. 3 Men in suits were right there. Mindy glanced at them as she hurried past. Tara tried to avoid any eye contact as she followed.

“Wow!” said one guy to the others. “Is that what room service is like?” They laughed and watched the girls make their way out into the main lobby. 

“Oh No!” thought Mindy “Which way did she say to go?” 

Mindy, not remembering what Tara had said, but not wanting to waste any time asking, turned left instead of right once they got out of the elevators. Tara, at this point, totally embarrassed and flustered, didn’t realize the change in direction. 

They ran, well, walked quickly due to Tara’s high heels which clicked on the floor loudly, past the other elevators. The elevators were located in the middle of the lobby. Tara’s plan, going to the right, would have lead them directly to the door. They would have had to go through the lobby, but it was nowhere near the registration desk or other main areas. Going to the left, as Mindy had taken them, lead them right into the heart of the lobby.

Suddenly, several people were all around. The girls came out a few steps, then stopped. Mindy gasped, seeing no door. All 20 or so people turned to watch the two nearly naked, very busty young women, who had just stumbled into the lobby of this hotel, holding hands!

Tara finally came around a little. She looked around for a second, then gasped.

“Mindy! We went the wrong way!” she said in a loud whisper, glancing around the lobby. “Come on!” and she pulled Mindy back towards the elevators. Mindy’s bare breasts bounced wildly as they quickly walked back through the bank of elevators and to the other side of the lobby. Tara held as much of her left breast as she could with her right hand, and sort of covered her right breast with her right forearm, but wasn’t having a great deal of success. Luckily, no one was around this immediate area. They passed by a few large fichus trees and a fountain, then headed towards the door. Tara leaded against the door handle to push it open. Her momentum carried her into the door, but it stayed closed. It was locked! Mindy crashed into Tara from behind, knocking both girls to the floor. 

“Oh no! It’s locked!” said Tara in a panic. She sat up right, not covering her breasts at all. Mindy sat up as well. Her still wet hair was matted all around her face, she pulled it back and glanced down at Tara’s breasts, getting a good look at them for the first time. In the back of her mind, she noted how much bigger they seemed now that they were out of the bra! 

“What do we do now?!?!” Mindy squealed. 

Tara thought for a second. “There’s only one thing we can do… we are gonna have to go out the front doors, then around the corner and down to the garage!” Tara’s voice wavered nervously as she spoke. “We have to face it… We are gonna be seen by a lot of people!” she said, her eyes tearing up a little. They both stood up. Tara’s panties had slipped down a bit in the fall and were now showing quite a bit of her butt. She didn’t seem to notice. 

“OK, on the count of three, we make a break for it.” Tara said. “One, two , three!”

She took off running as best she could in the heels, back towards the main lobby. Mindy hesitated for a second, then followed. She focused on Tara’s barely pantied fanny as she ran, and noticed that the panties were indeed beginning to drop! They ran through the elevator bank, and into the lobby. Several guests and workers were again treated to quite a show! Tara weaved through the chairs and tables and people, towards the door. Her panties were now down to her upper thighs. She was essentially, bottomless!

Mindy followed her. She was breathless from being so nervous and embarrassed that she struggled to keep up, and was unable to call out a warning to Tara when Tara paused for a second to avoid running into a large woman waiting to check in, and her panties dropped to her knees! When Tara started to run again, her knees parted, stretching the flimsy silk and elastic to it’s limit. The bikini waistband broke easily and the panties dropped to the floor. Tara didn’t even notice. 

“Excuse me!” she called out, passing by and in some cases, pushing past stunned hotel patrons. “Oh Gosh! Oh Gosh!” 

Mindy started through the lobby along the same path Tara had taken, seconds before. She was not, however, as lucky at avoiding obstacles. Mid-way through she passed a little to close by yet another large potted fichus tree. Her towel got snagged on a branch as she ran by, and it pulled right out of her hand. She went a few steps passed, then stopped.

“omigawd!” she gasped. She went back to retrieve it. She grabbed a hold of it and yanked, but it was stuck. She pulled furiously for a few seconds, causing a great deal of breast bouncing and fanny jiggling, but to no avail. 

“Ohhhh!” she sighed, and turned back towards the doors. She started to run again, and was just in time to see Tara’s naked rear-end going through the doors. Mindy decided to cover nothing, and pumped her arms as she ran as fast as she could. Her bare breasts bounced all over the place with each step. She streaked (literally!) through the lobby, and got to the door about 8 seconds after Tara. She opened the door and ran out onto the sidewalk. 

“Holy shit! Another one!” said a stunned porter, carrying some luggage for an equally stunned elderly couple who were about to enter the hotel. Mindy stopped for a moment and glanced around. There was no sign of Tara! 

“Oh No! Tara!!!” she screamed.

“Over here!” she heard a voice from just around the corner. Mindy’s nipples, already hard, got even harder as the 50 degree air took effect on them. She raced in the direction of Tara’s voice, and rounded the corner of the building. Tara was just ahead. Luckily, there was little sidewalk traffic. Several cars did honk at the two naked lovelies as they crossed the road and ran into the parking garage. Each girl covered-up as best she could with her hands as she ran.

It took only a few moments to get to the car. Tara quickly retrieved the key and they got in. Both girls sat, gasping for breath. Tara had tears steaming down her face, but now was starting to smile, and even laugh a bit.  They hugged each other, then Mindy dressed in Tara’s sweatpants and a T-shirt from her workout bag. Tara found another shirt for herself to wear while she waited for Mindy to return with her dress.

As Mindy crossed the road back towards the hotel, she sighed, “I have got to start being more careful.”

