My seven O clock appointment had called me on my cell and cancel. I was a little pissed at first but in hindsight I'm so glad it happen. I knew that Linda and Karen had gone out for ladies night so I didn't expect any one to be home when I arrived. What I found is total different story. I arrived home a little after 7:30 and walking in to the house I found my office door was open and the light was on. The first thing I thought of was some broke in so I grab one of my guns from the front closet and slowly crept to the office (I wasn't completely wrong). My hart was pounding and my head was racing. I remember thinking I'm going to kill the SOB who had enough balls to break in to my house. I didn't expect what I found though. With gun in hand and my finger on the trigger I rushed into the room. "Move and your dead" I screamed out. 

I'm so glad I didn't pull the trigger because what I found was Lisa going through my desk. I'm not sure who was more scared at first, me for almost shooting her or her for almost being shot. "What the fuck are you doing," I asked. She didn't speak at first and when she finally did not much came out other than. "I'm so sorry. Please don't tell mom. I'm so very sorry I'll do anything to make it up to you" I didn't even realize I still had the gun in my hand pointed at her till I notice her looking at it with tears forming in her eyes.  

She was dress like a fucking hoar and looking a lot older than I knew she was. "What the fuck are you doing" I asked, "You know better. I almost shot you."

"I know. I'm so sorry" was all she could say.

I'm not sure for just how long but there was complete silence as I looked at her and was trying to size up the situation. "You know better than this and You know I have to punish you," I said.

"You can't punish me! What are you going to do, ground me? I don't live here and you're not my father any way" She said in such a snide way it just pissed me right off.

"You're right I'm not your father but your not to old to be put over my knee young lady," I said as I grabbed her by her arm. 

She tried to pull away at first but I held her tight as I said, "Now drop them" (In her life I've spank her a less than a dozen times, but each time she was made to bare her ass.) She looked at me for a moment or two before she undid her pants and pulled both them and her underwear down at the same time. With her pants and underwear down around her ankles I lead her by her arm as I sat down in my chair. She laid her self across my lap as I administered her punishment. I exacted five hard hits on each ass check pausing briefly between each stroke as I felt my cock getting hard as she wiggled around on my lap. After the last hit she said, "Fuck you" as she tried to get up. (Until then when she got spank it was always 10 times five on each check) 

"I'm not done with you yet," I said as I gazed upon her tender young ass as I slowly caressed each check with my hand. I could feel the heat as it penetrated her ass checks. "You're going to stay right where you're at until you answer my questions and if you lie or don't answer them correctly I'm going to punish you again". She tried to move but I gab her by the back of her neck with one hand and brought my other hand hard across her ass. "Bitch keep it up and I'll wear your little slut ass out." I said. She was wiggling around a little as I continued to caress her ass bringing my hand down between her legs sliding my middle finger along the slit of her sweet little pussy and up the crack of her ass on each tender stroke. "Now what are you doing in my office?"
 
"Nothing"

"Bitch keep lying to me and I'll wear your ass out. Now what the fuck are doing in my office?"I said as my hand went across her ass again.

	"Nothing" she replied again which brought another slap across her tender young ass.

"Lets try this again or should I just beat your ass till you decide to tell the truth?"

"Fine I was looking for some money!" she cried out.

My mind was not in a right place as I continue to caress her ass and pussy. "Oh so need to earn some money" I asked as pushed the tip of my finger in to her pussy. 

"No!"

"Oh you would rather just steel it" which brought another slap across her ass before returning my hand to her pussy. 

"No"

I pause for moment as my dick push out against her young snatch "Well then what the fuck are you doing in my office"

"I was looking for some money I already told you"

As I parted her tender little pussy lips I pushed my finger a little further into her sweet pussy and asked again "Fine then what you're saying is you need to earn some money. Right!" 
As tears started to flow from her eyes and in such a submissive voice she answer with "Yes, but please don't hit me any more" 

I knew what I was doing was wrong in so many ways but for some reason it didn't seem to matter as I rubbed ass and slowly fingered her pussy. "Get up and finish getting undressed," I said pushing her from my lap as I started to undress my self.

"What?"

"I said get undressed right know. Take off your shirt, you're pants, you're underwear and shoes. Get un fucking dressed now" Before I was finished talking and before she could say I word I was naked in front of her with one the best hard on's of my life. "Here's the deal you little bitch. As you so like to remind me I'm not your father and you don' live in my house so if you don't kiss my ass and make me happy I'm sending your stupid ass to jail four the next five years for B&E or maybe I should just shoot your dumb ass you decide." (I was bluffing big time but she didn't know. Not to mention she had been pissing me off something fierce for the past month or two. 

It didn't take long before she was naked in front of me but with a dumb ass look on her face as if she didn't know what to do next. "Get on you're knees bitch and suck my dick," I instructed her. It was almost funny as she knelt in front of me. I literally had to push my cock into her hot little mouth and tell her to suck. It was still one of the best blowjob I ever had, only because I was so sure at the time that she couldn't have had much experience. "So tell me you little cock sucking thief when was the last time you had a cock buried in your pussy?

She stopped for a moment "I haven't" was her reply in a very small voice as she looked up at me with my cock just inches from her mouth. With a nudge to the back of her head she resumed sucking my cock. 

I contemplated cumming in her mouth but the idea of getting virgin pussy won out as I pulled my cock from her mouth and pulled her to her feet. "Come on" I said while grabbing hold of her waist and pushing her toward to the door "Go to your room" She looked back towards me in a inquisitive sort of way. "I'm going to take your virginity in your own bed! Now get your ass moving" 

"No Please I'll suck your dick again" 

"Oh your right about that you will suck my dick again after I break in your little stank ass pussy. Or should I just call the police and have your ass put in jail so you can get rape by the guards as well as the other prisoners. That way everyone can have a piece of you! The choice is yours." She just hung her head as she walked to her room. Pausing for a second or two when she walk in maybe hoping I would change my mind and wouldn't go through with it, but that wasn't going to happen. She had definitely filled out over the past year or maybe it was just the way she had been dressing lately. It didn't matter though she was looking hot and was going to get fuck. Hell if truth be told I had plans to cum in each one of her little hole and breaking the bitch in right. "Get your little ass up on the bed bitch and spread your legs," I demanded. She started crying as I crawled up between her legs bringing the tip of my cock to her pussy as I kissed her deeply on her mouth. Perhaps the most unexpected part of it was the simple fact that she opened her mouth to accept my tongue while pushing hers into my mouth. It took every bit of restraint I had and some I didn't know I had to keep from just slamming my cock into her. I knew that's what she was expecting it. I could tell she thought I was just going to shove my cock in her as she laid there all tense, but I needed to experience her body first, I needed to taste her pussy.  I broke our kiss and started nibbling down her neck. I felt her hole body tense up even more as I worked my down to her chest taken each of  her nipples into my mouth for a few moments before carrying on down her stomach to her pussy. She started to relax a little as I slowly lick her pussy. I then pushed my index finger into her hot wet little hole as I nibbled and lick her clit. I was expecting to find her hymen as I buried my finger in her tight little hole but it wasn't there. Her body teased up as I pushed a second finger in to her while I bit down on her clit with my teeth causing her body to jump and tense up again. "You fucking lying bitch. You're no virgin! How many cocks have you had in this hole?" I asked as I worked my fingers in and out of her tight pussy.

"None" she cried.

With two fingers still inside her I closed my grip on her pussy  "Don't lie to me!" 

"I'm Not Larry tried but it hurt so dad made him stop" she sob as tears flowed from her eyes.

I had to smile as I released my grip and pulled my fingers from her pussy. Repositioning my self between her legs again as I said "Well daddy's not here to save you this time" as I slowly worked my cock into her hot little hole. Dam did she ever feel good. It was definitely the tightest pussy's my cock had ever been in. Her tears soon stop as I worked my cock in and out of her pussy while massaging her breast. It felt so good as she began moving her hips in time with me. Before long I slamming away at her pussy with long hard steady strokes and I could feel my balls tighten. It was amazing as she began to whimper; this time from pleasure instead of fear as her whole body tensed up as she started cumming. I almost lost it when her pussy clamped down so hard on my cock it stopped me from coming. I could hardly move my cock in her pussy. It was as if my cock had gotten stuck in a vice as she came. It was incredible feeling as it seemed like no sooner than her pussy released my cock enough to fuck her again then she would start cumming again and clamping her pussy back around my cock and then again. After what I believe was the forth or fifth time I came along with her filling her sweet hole with my seed.   

I fell down on to her naked little body and kissed her deeply as my cock went soft in her. "Lisa you have the best pussy I've ever fucked"

She giggled a little in an almost child like manner as she said, "That was fun! I thought it was going to hurt, but it felt really good. Can we do it again?"

I brought my hand down to her pussy as I slide off of her "Oh-ya honey we're going to do it again" I whispered to her as I slide my middle finger in and out her pussy a few times "You're going to get use to having my cock in this sweet little pussy of yours." Kissing her gentle "and in your mouth" I then pulled my finger from her pussy and slowly started to play with her ass before pushing my finger in "and in your ass!" I continued as I buried my middle finger all the way up her ass and pushed my thumb into her pussy while nibbling on her nipple.  "If your want to dress like a slut and act like a slut then I'm going to treat you like a slut"

As I looked over at her Winnie the Pooh alarm clock I remember thinking to my self, what Happen to the little girl who used to live in this room? It was just after 9:00 P.M. so pulling my finger from her ass and my thumb from her pussy I said, "Be a good girl and go get me the phone. I need to find out when your mother going to be back."
