"ZZZZZZZZZ." Yawning herself, Kathryn Janeway grinned in unsurprised regret at the sound. Xenobotany had demanded her attention for more than an hour. When she finally left, she'd bumped into Neelix coming around the bend in the corridor, and had had to listen politely while he gave her an account of meals he was planning for the next several weeks, ingredients he hoped to procure from the surface of the planet they were orbiting with the help of the away team, and suggestions he hoped that she, as the captain, would make to the crew about the importance of getting a wide variety of vitamins in their diet, all of which could be found easily by eating enough leola root and its derivatives. Vorick's interruption to have her sign an engineering report had actually come as a welcome relief.

Unless Chakotay had rearranged the duty roster, she had to be on the bridge in less than six hours, and she didn't plan to waste the time she had. There were four things she desperately wanted to do: eat, sleep, take a bath, and make passionate love to her first officer. She contemplated his slumbering form, shook her head, and crossed the room to the replicator, ordering all the ingredients for a chocolate sundae except the nuts. "Ready or not, Chakotay," she murmured as she approached the bed with spoon in hand, and dropped a huge glob of freezing ice cream on an exposed portion of his chest.

Quicker than she could say his name, his eyes opened and he growled in discomfort. Poor Chakotay looked like he was going to dive for his phaser before he registered who it was and what she was doing. "Open your mouth, Commander," she ordered.

"Not until you get this off my chest!" My, my, talking back to the captain like that could not go unpunished. Licking her lips provocatively, she bent over his chest, took the ice cream in her mouth, and deposited it directly onto his exposed groin. "Kathryn!" he gasped in a voice an octave too high, as she cackled gleefully. "Just get it off!"

"I was planning to," she murmured dryly, and took a long slow, lick across his thighs. He stopped protesting immediately. "Get me some whipped cream." Freeing the bowl from her fingers, Chakotay offered her a spoonful of the stuff, which she smeared liberally over his genitals. Erect and covered with whipped cream, his penis looked literally good enough to eat. Dropping her head again, she sucked him clean.

"Come here," he said hoarsely after a while, lying her down and wrestling with her uniform before spreading fudge sauce around one nipple with his finger and removing it with his tongue. Before he could do the same to the other side, she reached into the bowl to find the crowning glory, which had slid off the top of the sundae.

"Are you up for a game of 'Hide the Cherry?'" she demanded with a grin, trapping her hand between her own legs, as his grin told her the answer.