SEDUCED TO BECOME A SLUT'S MALE SLUT


I had a request from one of our operatives - Patricia - to grant her time for an interview because she had something to discuss with me. I didn't know her well but I knew she was in her late 30s and attractive, if just a little wild in the sense that she frequently had arguments with other operatives and even her supervisors. She was hard-working, but tough and often she could be awkward, particularly when she felt that an injustice had been done to her.

I love my job as a Director of Human Resource and Personnel. The position involves a lot of power, but it also means being in contact with a lot of people and having to communicate with them and their problems, and we sure had a lot of both at our mail order catalogue centre! Employees ran into thousands and most of the operatives were female. Turnover of personnel was quite substantial but there was also a hardcore of employees who had been there forever.

When Patricia came into my office, my first immediate reaction was to notice how much like a slut she dressed. She wore what I can only describe as a micro-skirt and God, she was well-built with a pair of sturdy but shapely legs, a generous ass and a rack of tits that would have been fantastic to handle. These were housed in a very skimpy halter-neck so that the sides of her tits eased and oozed out sideways. She was nicely tanned and toned all over.

She had a pretty face too with long, curly copper-reddish hair that flowed onto her wide shoulders, but the prettiness of the face was soured by a hardened streak that sent a clear message that she was a woman who wouldn't be messed about.  

I sat her down and poured her a coffee from my machine in the corner.

"Work problem?" I asked.

She shook her head so that the copper-reddish ringlets of her hair shimmered. Her strong eyes were fixed on mine.

"Nope", she said. "It's a personal problem and I think you may be able to help me".

She gave me a quick run-down of her personal life status. Her hubby had run off with another woman a couple of years back and she was embroiled in a messy divorce settlement, held up by their failure to agree on a division of assets, assets which totalled several hundreds of thousands of dollars (I was surprised her ex-hubby and her had such assets, but he was a building contractor, so that figured). He had also left her with a 13-year-old son to look after.

I listened intently, but unfortunately was more interested in her body shape. She was one hell of an attractive slut, hard and brash but her body assets were superb - pouting curves in a toned-up body frame.

Well, I had heard such stories before from other employees embroiled in similar situations and my guess was that she wished me to appear in Court as a testimonial to her good and hard-working character or otherwise to give an official figure of her annual earnings and stuff like that.

"So, what can I do for you - how can I help you?"

"I've heard you've had legal training". That, I liked about her too. She was straight and quick to the point, no hanging about to sugar her language or to try an indirect approach. She was direct and straight.

"Well, I am a qualified lawyer - non-practising because I chose to work for this company rather than the law courts or with a law firm - but yes, I have had legal training".

She sat up straight in the chair, her tits perked forward, her micro-skirt revealing the luscious extent of her sun-tanned thighs. The generous sight of her flesh and fleeting glimpses of her red panties wedged firmly against her Venus mound made me feel queasy.

"My lawyer is a total ass-hole" she said with vehemence. "He's been fucking about for months, taking vast sums of money off me and not getting nearer any settlement. I'm at my wits end. I want a settlement but I'm not going to give away my son's and my rights",

"These things take time", I said, sticking to the brotherhood of the lawyers.

She snorted defiantly. "Bullshit! He's a total asshole and a pile of shit. He's been stringing me out for months and not getting anywhere. Each appointment and Court appearance costs me hundreds of dollars and we get no nearer to settlement. I'll tell you what he's doing, he realises there is a good sum of money at stake and he's milking it as much as possible".

I had to concede there were such lawyers.

"So you want me to do something about it? But what do you want me to do exactly?"

She looked me straight in the eyes, with her strong, unwavering eyes.

"I want you to help me. I want you to look at the correspondence and transcripts so far. I want you to take-over and negotiate a settlement with my husband's lawyer."

"That's highly unethical", I said, again reinforcing my brotherhood of lawyers bonds.

"Bullshit", she snorted again. "You fucking lawyers are all the same, it's just money, money, money. Hey, I'm not saying you'll work for nothing. We'll agree a fee, a percentage of the settlement...and I can be grateful in other ways too".

I felt my cock stir. This slut really intrigued me. Her sense of morals and ethics was shallow and I had to confess that women like her were the stuff of my fantasy dreams. I had often had various "offers" from female employees in the past, to help them get promotion, or to help them transfer to a better package line, but had always passed them up.

These bitches were tough girls. They would have no compunction in giving you their bodies and then blackmailing you for all their worth. I had made a golden rule - no messing about with employees. This Patricia was shallow and an obvious slut. 

I couldn't help but notice how she often pulled at her bra strings under her skimpy and short halter-neck to re-arrange her tits and how she was crossing her legs to give me brief glimpses of her panty. She also kept running her fingers through her hair, flouncing it from the back upwards and then down, so that the copper ringlets bounced around her face. She was a slut alright.

That should have been a warning signal for me. Of all the glaringly sexy slut girls I had experienced over the years, Patricia was debatably the sexiest and most sluttish - and you know what - I couldn't resist her.

"Look" I said, "this is not a work matter. We shouldn't be discussing this here and now. When can we get together over a drink and discuss. What shifts are you working this week?"

She was on vacation leave so we arranged a meeting for that same evening. When she turned up, I had to sharply intake my breath. She was wearing an even skimpier yellow halter-neck than she had on in the morning and a pair of scarlet pants so tight that she was almost bursting out of them. She seemed to be moulded into them. Her ass was tight but bouncy and her hair was done up in a bun exposing her shoulders and neck. On her ears she had an enormous pair of ear-rings, Spanish type of ear-rings I call them. She was the walking embodiment of a street hooker.

I ushered her into a corner not wanting to be seen in public with her. We had a few drinks and she did all the talking, once more giving me the rundown she had given me in the morning. Long before she had finished I had already decided to handle her brief and damn the consequences.

"How about some dinner - are you hungry?" I asked, my mind racing to think of some sleazy joint I could taker her to, somewhere where I wouldn't be known.

"Naw, I'm not hungry. Let's just go for a drive, my car". There was nothing to do except flow with the current, so I agreed. She had a large and brassy convertible, the kind of vehicle I normally wouldn't be seen dead in. She drove to a part of town I wasn't familiar with. There was a heavy and latent silence between us, like I was trying to figure out what came next.

"Light a cigarette for me" she said, flinging a packet across the dashboard and into my lap. I lit two and handed her one. "Never wet the tip" she said, "I hate a cigarette with a wet filter."

She hung the cigarette from the side of her lips and turned on the car radio to some rock `n roll programme. Unused to all this, I could feel myself sinking lower and lower but simultaneously I was enjoying it. Sluts and hookers were girls that I had always fantasised over but never experienced.

She drove in a relaxed manner, familiar with the terrain and then she drove under a bridge and into a piece of waste ground. It was almost pitch dark but I could make out several other vehicles parked there and they all had steamed windows, tell-tale signs that the incumbents were hard at work on each other.

She switched off the motor and turned on the dim compartment light. The faded glow shone over her magnificent body and I felt my legs weaken and my cock start and stir. She clutched a lever at the side of her seat and it reclined so that she was almost flat on her back.

"Come here" she ordered throatily. She didn't wait for me to respond. She drew an arm around my neck and pulled me to her. "I've always fancied you and always knew you would help me out".

Our lips met, a slushy, passionate and wet kiss. She tasted so good. I leant over her and our lips enmeshed as I felt her tongue in between my lips and in my mouth, licking my tongue. I had never, ever been kissed so passionately in years and years of married life. I threw all caution to hell and laid into her like an animal, grabbing her tits and simultaneously getting under her bra.

Her magnificent tits felt ample, warm and bouncy and her nipples felt rock hard and large. I could smell her perfume and the warm smell of her body. She smelled homely and available with that wonderful aroma of clean sweat and passionate heat. I just went crazy over her, licking under her arm pits, licking her face, biting her ear-lobes. I nibbled her nipples and licked her tits, under her tits and all around them. I even poked my tongue in her ears and licked there too.

"Hey, you really are hot", she said. There was a sardonic leer about her eyes, a look that seemed to say I have you where I want you now. "Don't you have sex with your wife? It's like you haven't had any for ages".

"Leave my wife out of it" I gasped through lips that were firmly entrenched around her nipple.

Her reply was gruff and sarcastic. "Ok, alright, don't lose your cool. I was just making conversation". She pushed me off her, wriggled on her car seat to get comfortable and unzipped and pulled down her pants. She had no panties on. Her mound was fleshy and above it there was a trimmed tuft of reddish hair. Her thighs were wide and generous with flesh. My eyes drooled over her buttocks and her lusciously curved legs, down to her ankles.

I closed my eyes and drew several breaths.  I fingered her ginger tuft and let my finger slip onto her clit and give it several flicks.

"It's all yours" she said with laugh that was both low and dirty. "Go for it".

I opened her labia lips and gingerly inserted a finger into her cunt. It was wet and hot. I tasted her wetness by licking my finger tip, a warm milky and sticky taste. She grabbed my fingers and boldly pushed them into her cunt. I began fingering her. She moaned and opened her legs as wide as she could get them.

"Work me hard, use your fingers hard. Give it to me. Let me have it. I want to cum right now".  Her eyes were opened wide and she had a distant and maniacal look about them. She was hot and she was enjoying it. This surprised me because I thought she would be unresponsive like any hooker. At the time I thought she was hot because of me and what I was doing to her. Later I learnt otherwise, that she was naturally hot, a natural nymphomaniac.

She grabbed my wrist and hurried my fingering motions. "Harder, harder" she shrieked. I fingered and pumped her until my fingers were beginning to go numb, fingers covered in sticky liquid and white flecks of congealed juice. Her own fingers were working hard on her clit, rubbing it frantically.

"I'm near, very near" she moaned. Her ass was lifting off the seat as she writhed and thrust to meet my over-worked fingers. She groaned and her eyes became affixed in that maniacal glaze that I became accustomed to in time. She came with a gush. Her teeth chattered in a biting motion and her whole body writhed and shivered as she relaxed and bathed herself in oozes of her cum. I went down and licked up her juices, extracting the ooze from her wet cunt. I licked her thighs with my hot tongue, slurping up the juices, relishing the taste.

She lay back triumphantly but relaxed. She braced her shoulders and lit two cigarettes and gave one to me. 

"You liked that huh?"

Well, that was an understatement. It was like being in heaven. We lay back and smoked our cigarettes as I looked at the lusty nakedness of her torso, her buttocks and thighs and her quivering, wet and slobbery cunt.  My fingers went to her again and automatically and absent-mindedly she opened her legs wide again and allowed me to finger her labia and her clit as if it were the most natural thing in the world for me to do.

She extinguished her cigarette butt, looked me straight in the eyes and her hand went down to my crotch, fingering the hardness of my rampant cock. "What have we here?" she leered. She fingered my zip fly and I had my trousers down to my ankles in a couple of seconds. My cock bulged in my underpants. She peeled these off and my cock sprang out, taut with stiffness, the head large and purple.

"Well, well. Not bad, not bad at all". She felt the sponginess of my purple cock-head and squeezed under the glans. I sighed deeply. Even her language was enough to make me cum. But she did better than that. Her wet lips closed around the purple head and she began to suck at it.

I had been sucked off before. My wife wasn't particularly good at it and never did it properly. But I had experienced other mouths over my cock. Patricia beat them all. She gripped the base of my cock firmly and enveloped the rest in her wet mouth, and she worked it, slurping her tongue around it, sucking it hard and taking it deep, regurgitating her spittle over it and occasionally giving it a good all-over rub with both her hands.

It was just simply fantastic and in the meanwhile, my hands were all over her, handling her tits and rubbing her curves. She had levered herself off her back and was kneeling on the seat and really taking me deep. My hand caressed her ass fervently, feeling her ass hole and working down to her dripping labia lips and her stiff and hot clitoris.

Somehow I also contorted to lower myself enough to lick her thighs and give her clit an occasional lick with my tongue. She was deliciously a slut, real dirty and she obviously had great experience in handling and sucking cock. I wondered how many cocks had passed through her skilful fingers and in between her wet and soggy lips. 

In between her licking and sucking she also talked dirty, snapping brief commands like "finger my ass-hole" and "grab hold of that clit" and "stuff your fingers in my cunt".

I felt my balls begin to ache. The base of my scrotum began to tingle. She pulled my dick out of her mouth. "Ok, you're ready for it now. You're ready to cum. I'm going to wank you off now".

She grasped the base of my scrotum with one hand and with the other she grabbed the cut foreskin of my cock and began to squeeze and rub it with intensity. I felt my legs give way, my scrotum seemed to freeze over. A pleasurable tingling flowed up my rock-hard cock. She lowered her face to my cock tip and gave a couple of hard hand tugs. My lungs burst into a long "ooooh..." and a column of cum gushed out of my cock and onto her lips.

She wanked me real hard. The cum just flowed and flowed as we both made noises. I was gasping and blowing and she was muttering phrases like "give me all your cum....umm...lovely and creamy...keep cumming..." Some cum she licked up, some cum she kneaded along the length of my cock and scrotum. Her lips glistened with cum, her hands squelched as she pulled down my foreskin and squeezed my spongy cock-head so that every single drop of cum was extracted from it.  

After that we just sat and smoked cigarettes. I hardly had the strength to put on my pants again. Patricia continued to let her hands wander over her body, squeezing her nipples, flicking the tip of her clitoris, regurgitating her spittle to savour the taste of cum.

Needless to say I agreed to help as much as I could, on the one condition that none of this would in any way interfere with our positions at work and that she wouldn't take advantage of my position in any work-related problem. She agreed. 

We set a date to meet again but this time I would go round to her apartment. She said there were piles of correspondence and legal letters that I would have to read through. It would have to be early on a Saturday morning. I told my wife there were problems at work and I had no alternative but to go into the office. 

Patricia and I agreed on a rendezvous. I parked my car and switched to hers. She lived in a large and anonymous apartment block. Before we went in she warned me that her son was there asleep.

"That means no hanky-panky. I'll give you the papers and you sort them. When he awakes don't in any way let him get the impression that there is something going on between us. I told him I had hired you as an advisor".

The papers were piled in a cupboard. She had never sorted or filed them. I had a hell of a job at hand. She made me some coffee and as it was still early, she went back to bed and I started out on my massive task.

Hardly had a few minutes passed before she was back. I startled at the sight of her. She was wrapped in a pink kimono and bare-footed. She put a finger to her lips and said "shush..." 

I stared at her. She put a hand around my waist and drew me to her. Her lips were wet, hot and passionate as she poked her hot tongue inside my mouth.

"I'm hot and I need it now. Just don't make any noise". Originally she hadn't had the intention of sex because of her son. But I guessed with me being so close and she being so hot, she just couldn't stand the heat. She led me to her bedroom and gently closed the door.

Her kimono slid off her body and I had to stifle my gasps. She had a solid, chunky but very curvy body frame. Without hesitation I went down on my knees and my lips went to her bulging clitoris. I took the hot appendage between my lips and emitted a spate of spittle to lubricate her. She didn't need much lubrication and I guessed she must have been fingering herself before she came to get me.

She opened her legs and pulled my head into her cunt as she rubbed and squirmed her organ all over my face, my tongue taking pokes at her clit and labia, all the while slobbering and lubricating her parts.

She disengaged and turned around and positioned her bum, her hands on her ass cheeks, pulling her asshole wide. My tongue instinctively went to her hole, licking the puckered edges, the tip of my tongue inserting into the warmth of her asshole. She bent over and I held her by the waist and gave her asshole a thorough licking. My cock was bursting through my pants.

She disengaged again and motioned for me to strip. I stood naked before her, my rod as stiff as a poker. Muttering a soft "ummmm..." she drew me to her and licked my ear lobes and neck. Her tongue worked its way down my body, licking my nipples and going further down to lick my navel. She sank to her knees, lifted my ball sac and my prick and her lips slobbered my scrotum. Her hand grabbed my cock and gave it a few rough jerks before she placed a thumb on my glans between the cock-head and the foreskin. Her fingers closed on my cock-head and her thumb rubbed my glans. I moaned.

She pulled me towards the bed and lay down on her back, motioning me to take a 69 position over her. My stiff cock went down to her lips and opened mouth. She drew up lubrication and enveloped my cock in spittle as I eased my prick deep into her mouth. My lips went down and nibbled her clitoris.

She had a voracious appetite for cock, really taking it deep and working it hard. But she also made sure she got the attention she desired and needed. I sucked her deep as her cunt kept rising to match my tempo. Between mouthfuls of cock she also kept up a running dialogue.

"Suck harder....lick me inside....work my clit....go deeper in my mouth...."

She dictated the tempo and she dictated the action. I had never been in such a situation before where the woman being fucked took the authority to command and set the pace. I felt my cock stiffening and preparing to cum. She must have sensed that too because she disengaged my cock from her mouth and got on her knees.

"Get down between my legs and suck me off". She whispered the order in the hoarse and throaty voice she had. She was still panting from the exertions of sucking my cock deep. Dribbles of spit flowed down her chin and dribbles of her lubrication spit still dangled from my stiff cock.

I did as she ordered. Her thighs closed around my head, locking my lips to her oozing cunt. In a rhythmic motion she methodically rubbed her steaming labia folds between my lips and with each motion my tongue poked its way into her pink and dripping cunt.

I grabbed my cock, but she pulled my hand off. "Leave it. I'll deal with it later".

She was going to cum. I felt her body stiffen. Her eyes opened wide and she began to pant. Her hand went down to her clitoris and she began to frantically rub it as my tongue continued to taste her cunt flesh and my lips munched on her labia folds. She came with a suppressed groan, putting all her body weight over my face locked in between her legs. Hot and sticky liquid oozed out of her cunt and flooded my eyes with a burning sensation. Streaks of her liquid invaded my lips. It felt hot and salty, a sort of meaty taste about it.

We lay down and smoked a couple of cigarettes, hardly saying anything. I fondled her nipples and licked her thighs in the silence.

"I'm not going to let you fuck me yet. We don't know each other well enough". She took my cock in her hand. "I'll jerk you off and you can get back to your work. My son will be up soon".

She poised her cigarette between her lips. She had one hand on my scrotum and the other hand pumped my cock, massaging the cock-head and performing strokes down to my balls simultaneously. Needless to say, within seconds I was shooting streaks of cum over her tits. She squeezed my cum in her hand so that it squelched and then she pressed the frothy cum over the length of my cock.

I slumped back, totally exhausted.

After that she disappeared into her bedroom. Needless to say I felt embarrassment when her son appeared later and she introduced him to me and I had to look in his eyes when we shook hands. For some perverse reason when we did shake hands the thought that went through my head was "I've just shot my cum over your mother's tits". So maybe, I was a bit red-faced, but she acted normally like nothing had happened.

In the weeks that followed, she kept me hard at work. There were piles and piles of official and legal documents to get through and in spare moments in between she made sure that I gave her the relief she needed, either by sucking her off to climax or by inserting fingers deep inside her cunt and concentrating on her g spot. 

She was less interested in fucking but definitely had a mission to obtain relief for herself and her slobbery cunt. It soon became obvious that I had been transformed into a tool. She was using my brain to handle her legal problems and my tongue, mouth and hands to keep her cunt squelchy and wet and to give her the cum climaxes that she needed.

She confessed she had a potent sex-drive and needed to masturbate or be masturbated daily, or as many times a day as she could get it. When she was alone and unattached she used to handle herself, maybe three or four times a day. She described how she would lie naked in her bed, legs wide open as her fingers worked on her clitoris and her g spot. She had bought a rubber dildo but had used it so violently that it soon snapped. She obtained greater satisfaction using her fingers.

Occasionally she would let me fuck her, but cautiously and carefully to ensure I didn't cum inside her. She was still fertile. She told me that a couple of years back she had picked up a guy in a bar and he had given her a good fucking in his car.

"You should have seen the size of his cock", she chortled, measuring the size with a finger across her arm. "He was that big", she said dreamily. The result was disastrous. He'd made her pregnant and she had to have a messy abortion and was determined not to go through that again.

To be honest, the whole venture was wearing me out. I was now leading a double life, making excuses to my wife because I was staying away from home for considerable periods of time, trying to keep my wife sexually happy at the same time, ploughing through the legal field and sucking and fingering her cunt off as many times as we could manage. It was tiring.

I had to go away on company business and was away for a whole week. It gave me an opportunity to assess her legal position and I returned with a number of proposals to put to her. I couldn't go round to her place because her son was on his school holidays and going to a hotel was risky. We agreed to her picking me up in her car and we would drive out of town to a quiet spot.

When we met she was dressed just like a street whore, her halter neck barely covering her bouncing tits and wearing a pair of pants that were so tight around her there was a danger they would split open with movement.

"I've missed you" she whispered, running a hand over my cock. 

She drove with a purpose, looking around for the first bit of spare ground she could find. She could hardly sit still in her seat but kept shifting her position from one ass cheek to the other.

"I'm so hot" she said. Her eyes were kind of smoky and smouldering. She was really hot.

"Look what's happening to me" she said excitedly. She was not wearing any underpants. Her cunt had become hot and squelchy and liquid was seeping out through the material of her pants and forming an ever-growing wet patch area. From the way she was driving she was not concentrating on the road looking here and there for the first secluded spot she could find.

She pulled into a building site. It was pretty deserted but there were some construction guys in the distance working on a roof area.

"We're not alone here. They may be able to see us".

"Who cares?" she said. "They don't know us".

She stopped the car, reclined her seat and pulled down her pants. Her labia lips glistened with liquid.

"Clean me out. I need to flush out my cunt. The liquid is so hot it's burning me up".

I went down on her with a fever of fervour as my lips tightened around her clitoris which I sucked and licked alternately. My lips became coated in her juices, hot and sticky and thick. Her cunt had a homely smell, but I could smell her heat too. She grabbed my hair and jammed my face between her clenched thighs so that my only course was to suck and slobber on her cunt. As I did this, her squelchy noises mingled with her heavy breathing and obscene comments.

I tried to wedge my fingers inside her cunt, but she held tight and wanted only my lips and tongue. Her ass was pumping up and down as she jammed her pussy all over my face. I managed to get my hands under her ass cheeks so that with her upward motions I additionally pulled her ass cheeks towards me and enabled my tongue to probe deeper into her wet and steaming cunt.

She began to wriggle like crazy. "It's getting near...I can feel the cum....I am going to cum".

She flung open her thighs and pushed my face off. She wedged her two fingers deep inside her wet cunt and worked herself frantically. "Watch...watch me cum", she ordered. I tried to grab her clit to pump that too, but her fingering was so frantic I just didn't stand a chance.

She came with a massive sigh and a grunt. A river of liquid gushed out of her cunt, her torso quivering in contrast to her arched back and her feet firmly pressing downwards on the automobile floor. Her ass was suspended a few inches above the car seat she was sitting on. I admired her yoga pose and the poise with which she had cum.

After that she flopped down on her seat, completely spent, her breathing relaxing from the frantic to the regular flow. Her thighs ran with rivulets of cum and I went down on her to clean them up, licking and drinking her juices, not letting a drop be wasted. She pulled up her knees and opened her thighs widely so as to facilitate my cleaning job.

Needless to say I had my own problems now, my cock so stiff that it began to hurt. She looked intently at my bulge and put a hot hand on it, gently squeezing and kneading my cock head.

"Go ahead" she said softly. "Get it out". I wriggled out of my pants and out popped my glorious cock, the head purple with throbbing veins, my foreskin so taut that a few measured sweeps would have drawn a cum eruption. She licked her lips and made them shiny with spittle and then she went down on my cock, encircling the head with her wet lips.

Her hand went to my balls and lifted them so that the other hand gabbed the base of my balls from the scrotum. It only took me a few seconds of her frantic sucking and her hot hands kneading my scrotum for me to cum with an eruption that pumped my cum with a rush through my prick and into her gurgling mouth.

Wave after wave of cum cascaded in between her lips as she sucked and blew alternately so that cum sprayed everywhere plastering my thighs with flecks of cum and with streams of cum oozing down the sides of my prick. 

As my whelps and sobs subsided her hot tongue vacuumed up the excess cum and gave her pleasure because she was making a sort of gargle sound as she slopped the cum around inside her mouth.

After that we lay back and smoked a couple of cigarettes.

I began to make rapid progress on her case. It was obviously and plainly true that her lawyer had been stringing her along, charging her enormous fees without any real progress being made. I agreed to act as an out-of-court intermediary and privately contacted her ex-husband and carefully explained to him that unless they put aside their pique and their lawyers the case would just go on and on with more expenditure and diminishing returns.

His response was positive. He had also grown sick and tired of the prolongation and even worse, he was getting hassle from his present girl-friend who wanted a divorce and a settlement so they could marry.

Without going into the fine details I brought them to an agreeable settlement and both parties were more than happy with the final arrangements.

A week later I received a handsome cheque in the post and a farewell note saying thanks for everything and so long.

It destroyed every illusion that I had that she was in some way enamoured with me. She had used me to obtain her own ends and in using me she had made me a male slut to appease her won sluttish needs. The last that I heard of her private life was that she had invested her settlement in building a set of apartments and was renting them out.

When we rarely came across each other at work, she just gave me a courteous nod without any further acknowledgement, just as if there had never been anything between us.

The end								PHOENIX46

 
