“As you know, I’ve been speaking to Mirana,” Alice informs him, drawing closer, “and she offered me a gift. One that I believe will be the solution to multiple problems.” 

“The Queen is terribly efficient that way,” Tarrant agrees. They are close enough to touch, now, and so she does so. Alice reaches out for one of his hands, and he allows her to find it, to use it to draw him another pace closer to her. “What sort of gift has she given you?” Various thoughts parade across his face, lighting his features with a mish-mash of colors and shadow. “Is it a late wedding present?” 

“That’s exactly what she called it, actually.” The memory of Mirana’s warm smile and her touch upon Alice’s cheek rises, and Alice will tell him all about What Happened, and What Led to This, but for now she focuses on Them. He and She. Alice and Tarrant. 

“Although it was mostly for me, I hope I am not over-flattering myself to think it was something that could benefit us both. That is, if you haven’t suddenly changed your mind. About having me for your wife.” She doesn’t think he has, though. No, Hatters—especially Hatters named Tarrant—seem to be very Sure once they have Set Their Mind—or in this case, their Heart—on something. For that, Alice is extremely grateful. 

“I’m not going to pretend I know your meaning, my dear wife.” He gives her a Look that clearly says that he has no intention of changing his mind about the current state of their marriage. “This suspense is causing all manner of things to outgrabe disagreeably in my stomach. What are you referring to?” His brows flutter and twitch, inspiring Alice to lay one of her hands on one of his cheeks. 

“Now you know how I felt the other morning when you refused to tell me what it was you wanted to show me!” 

Alice had meant the words to be teasing, but a look of utter distress twists his features. 

“I’m sorry, Alice, I never meant to cause—” 

“There is no need for apology, husband.” Bollocks ! Why can she not discover a knack for teasing him without causing him undue fear? Suddenly, this – her Revelation – is not going at all the way she’d hoped it would. So she takes a carefully measured breath and says, before any additional misunderstandings can occur: 

“Before yesterday, I was being torn in two directions. My Body and Physiology were still tied to Above’s notions, but my Heart and Mind were— are ,” she stresses, “firmly entrenched here in Underland. We would have been always victim to my body’s whims if things had stayed as they currently were. The Queen confided in me that there exists a Solution...” 

Tarrant looks at her, green eyes enormous. It’s clear he now Sees what direction this conversation is going. 

“The Elixir,” he breathes, “but I thought ’twas naught but legend, a myth, a rumor—!” 

Alice strokes the side of his face. “No. Not a legend. Nor is it a myth, any more than I am.” 

“That… is not as comforting as I believe you intend for it to be, Alice.” 

She snorts, and steps closer to him again. Their bodies are now close enough that a deep breath would cause them to brush against one another. The hand that had been stroking his face snakes up, tangles itself amongst his hair. 

“Are you calling my existence the result of innuendo and a vague, Oraculum-based rumor?” 

Tarrant is not distracted by her existential query. 

“Alice, you can’t possibly understand… the consequences of drinking that brew…” 

“What can’t I understand?” she counters. “That by drinking it I will be able to stay in Underland forever? That I will no longer have to live with the constant fear that one wrong misstep in my Heart will result in my re-emergence in London? One hasty or mistaken Heartfelt Wish later and we would be apart?” 

His mouth opens, closes. His throat works, swallows, but no sound emerges. Finally he manages to croak, “I can not let you do this for me, Alice. You’ve given me enough—more than enough! And I would never presume to ask you to—” 

She takes a step back, considers him. He’s serious, she realizes. Tarrant really does think she had done this just for him. Admittedly, her husband (and she is growing ever-fonder of that term, she realizes) had factored heavily into it, but he is not the sole reason for her Ultimate Decision. 

“What makes you think I did this only for you? Is it not possible that I also did it for myself?” Alice feels her brows draw together in a determined slant. “And a husband asking his wife to stay with him is not presumptuous in the least, in my opinion.” 

“Alice, I can not allow you to do this!” He sounds quite distressed; if Alice hadn’t Known his Heart through the Crown and their subsequent visits here, she might have begun to doubt the veracity of his statement: His desire for her to stay in Underland. 

“There is nothing to allow or dis allow, Tarrant. I drank the potion yesterday morning. It’s done.” 

He sucks in a deep breath. Alice tightens her grip on him, lifts her other arm, and wraps him close to her in a hug. His arms finally raise and enfold her, pulling her tight to him in a crushing grip. 

“But your family, Alice! Your mother, your sister!” 

“I know,” she whispers into his hair. 

“Ye’ll ne’er be able to go Above again, Alice. Ever.” Tarrant sounds close to tears at that, and Alice is uncertain if he is crying for what she has willingly lost, or for all she has now gained. 

“I know,” she tells him again, pulling him even tighter. “But I will be able to visit for an hour, if I feel I must.” She turns her head just enough to nuzzle past his hair to press a kiss to the shell of his ear. “I knew what I was doing, Tarrant. And as I told you that day in our garden, if you even think of suggesting that I should have returned, I’ll find some mud and begin crafting the messiest pie you can imagine.” 

The joke is meant to soothe him, to break the tension of the moment, but instead, Tarrant begins to shudder and shake in her arms. Continuing to hold him close, she murmurs soft words of comfort, and it is only when she feels wetness on her shoulder that Alice realizes he’s begun to cry. 

“ Slurvish o’ meh… buh… par’to’ meh… ye were such a strange creature in aur land, laddie, and nauw… but ye were mine, and only mine! And nauw… but ye’re here, and yer stayin’, but… there will… an’ ye are…” Alice realizes, with a growing sense of horror, that there may have been more to Tarrant’s objections to her drinking the Elixir than she had first considered. Who would have thought it had been her very foreignness that so endear her to him? She’s about to draw away, confusion mixing with a dash of panic, when he continues with, “But ye’re still Alice, you’ll always be Alice, absolutely the Alice! The Bottom o’ yer Heart has always been here, in Underland.” 

Finally she does pull back, just enough so that she can look into his face. Tarrant attempts to turn away, as if he is ashamed of the tears still decorating his lashes. Alice stops him with a murmured, “Husband...” 

It works as it has worked for the past week and more. Tarrant stops, looks at her, and, with a smile still luminous despite the way it wobbles at the corners, whispers, “Yes, my wife?” 

“You’re right,” she replies, brushing away a stray droplet with her thumb. “I am still Absolutely Alice Kingsleigh; Champion; wife of Tarrant Hightopp, Haberdasher to the White Queen... None of that has changed.” Taking a deep breath, she says, “The only difference is that I am Underlandian now. Officially. In Body, Mind, and Heart.” Quieter, she adds, “I thought you’d be happy. Do you wish I’d stayed as I was?” She had been Unique, she realizes with a flash of insight. Exotic, even, by Underlandian standards... however backwards those are. 

Eyes jerking to meet hers, Tarrant insists, “No!” He rears back as if the very idea of her staying the same is abhorrent, as if he had not been the one just mourning the loss of the last few pieces (aside from what memories she has) of her Above self. “I am! I am happy, Alice, so terribly, terribly happy, you can’t even imagine. Why, if there were a Room just for how Happy you’ve made me in my Heart, it would be larger than Marmoreal! Deeper than the water in the Crimson Sea! Taller than Mr. Mungdy’s Mysterious Mountain! I just…” He reaches up, untangles her hand from his hair, and lowers it, clasping it tightly. His thumb brushes over that spot where, traditionally, a ring symbolizing the type of union they share, rests. “I love you, Alice… wife . So much . I just don’t want you to regret…” 

“I know,” Alice nods, the words she has been suspecting are growing more and more true with every passing day (but is still afraid to utter) sticking in her throat. “I know. But I won’t.” 

“You can’t know that...” Coming to some sort of internal decision, Tarrant nods his head, his hat bobbing its agreement with his decisiveness. “Alice, there is something I haven’t told you. Something that you should have known, before you made a decision such as this.” 

“What could possibly change my mind? Mirana informed me of what will happen, and it’s nothing that—” 

“I don’t mean... the Queen could not have prepared you for... I suspect that even she, with her infinite wisdom, does not know the depths of what I fear I am capable of. I... Alice....” he reaches out for her again, grasps her hands with his warm fingers, “I think it’s time. Past time, perhaps... for you to see my Darkest Secret.” 

It is clear that Tarrant does not really wish for Alice to see this secret, but something about her drinking the Elixir has made him feel obligated, now. Her actions have pushed him into this decision. Alice shakes her head. 

“I don’t want you to feel like you have no choice but to show it to me. When you’re ready, then you’ll show me.” 

“Nay, Alice.” He swallows. “I mun show ye nauw.” He clears his throat and shifts toward the wooden bridge and the looming portcullis and the Thing he fears that must exist within his own Heart. “If you’ll follow me?”