Showing Myself
by IndianaWoman

Showing Myself Ch. 14

We make my movie, and I become even closer to Monika.

My fingers were sliding up through my wetness and I was getting so hot under the covers. I said to Kari, "Kari, would you pull the covers down, I'm burning up. Please?"

She gently rolled the covers down to the foot of the bed, and she could see my hard nipples pushing against my silk top and my hand moving vigorously inside my panties. I kicked them off and pulled my top up to expose my breasts, and I played with one nipple while my other hand went back down to my pussy. I knew she was staring at me, and I didn't want to scare her off by looking back at her, so I just closed my eyes and continued as though I was alone in the room.

Soon, I was on the verge of cumming and my hand stopped, and my body started trembling. I kept some pressure on my clitoris with one finger, and then my body went rigid. I didn't want to go totally crazy, so I bit my lip and just let myself enjoy the feeling silently as I calmed down.

I looked at her and said, "Well, that was more than you wanted to see, I'm sure. I'm sorry. I really didn't plan that. It was just all the sex talk and the movie and laying here under the blankets."

She reached down for the blankets and pulled them back up, and moved closer.

"You're fine Jenn, I believe you and I'm glad you feel better and this stays completely between us. Here, I'll rewind the movie since I think you missed some. And at least now I have some ideas for a video for Jim."

God, Kari is much more amazing than anyone else could ever imagine! We finished the movie and turned off the TV and I told her I'd take her out for breakfast in the morning. We drifted off to sleep, and somehow we found ourselves spooning in the morning when we woke up. She had taken her top off at some point and she looked so lovely laying there. Mike was a lucky guy.

"Good Morning Kari, did you sleep well? Thanks again for not freaking out last night and being so understanding. But I told you I do it all the time! I just couldn't help myself! I don't know how you can get through the night so peacefully."

"Well, maybe I didn't. I can be discrete too, you know."

"Well, that explains the missing top and why we slept so well. Go take a shower and when you come out I'll comb your hair and make you all pretty."

After that day, we became more casual around each other. She would walk topless through the house to the laundry room, and I would always comment on her. I would wear a thin t-shirt with no bra, and my nipples would turn hard when I saw her look at me. And on mornings when Mike had to leave early, she would come over to my room and snuggle up in bed since she said I made it so warm and comfy.

And speaking of Mike, when he came back after that weekend of our sleepover, I mentioned that Kari and I slept in the same bed.

"Please tell me you behaved and didn't say anything."

"Oh, I behaved, but Kari is another matter. I'll just say that one moment we were watching a movie, and the next moment she pulled the blankets down and I was laying there with no panties and my top pulled up."

"I'm sure there's more to the story, but ok. Kari said she had a great weekend, and that's all that matters."

"Good, then I'll say no more. And, you'll be glad to know that Kyle is coming over next weekend to help me digitize my old videos, so make yourselves scarce on Saturday, OK? I don't want to traumatize Kari with my old sex tapes. At least not yet."

I was so giddy about the following Saturday, and it finally came! But then Kyle texted me and said, "Sorry Jenn, I can't get access to the equipment this weekend."

Grrrr! How long am I supposed to wait!

But then he texted again and said, "But, I don't know if you want to do this, but you always talked about x-rated theaters, and I found one we could check out if you want. It isn't close, but it isn't far either."

"Are you sure? I don't want trouble or anything."

"I looked into it and it seems legit, and we could just check it out."

"Ok, we'll take my car and you drive. I want an escape if I need it."

So, I changed and put on an outfit very similar to what a was wearing many years ago. It was a button up dress, but I was at least wearing a sexy bra and panties this time. I had Kyle take pictures of me in various stages of dress, and that got me in the mood.

We drove down there and entered the store, we paid, and the really grumpy clerk pointed us to towards the door. We made our way to the theater room, and I was a little disappointed. I was expecting a real theater, but it was just a room with six or seven sofas and a big screen tv. Oh well, I'm a positive person and I decided to give it a chance. It was really dark, and Kyle led us to a sofa in the front. I whispered to him to look around and see if someone else was in the room.

He shook his head and said, "No, we're alone."

Now I didn't know what to do. In Germany there was always someone there, but now there was no one to look at me but Kyle, and he can see me naked anytime. I told him we'd just watch the movie for a while and see what happens.

After a while, the entry door opened and a guy walked in. He saw us and took a seat nearby on the next sofa. I don't know if there is a secret code for when a woman shows up, but soon three more guys showed up and took seats. Two of the men asked if they could join us, but I said maybe later and that we just got there.

I whispered, "You know what I would be doing back in the old days right about now? Unbuttoning my dress so guys could gaze at me. Even though the atmosphere isn't quite the same, I'm getting wet just thinking about it."

I placed my hand on Kyle, and could see that he was getting hard.

"Hmm, are you thinking of the pictures you took of me earlier, or some other hottie?"

Before he could reply, we heard the door click again and open. Now, a tall gentleman walked in, and he stood and looked around and let his eyes adjust to the darkness. He wasn't wearing a suit, but he was well dressed with a nice shirt and pants and sexy shoes (ok, women notice these things!) He was black, and I would guess about 40 years old. After a minute or so, he saw us and stepped over and said, "May I sit next to you? I won't bother you, I promise."

Ooohh, so polite, I liked that! I said he could sit down, and he took a seat to the right of me on the sofa.

My hand was still feeling up Kyle, and I said to our new guest, "We've never been here before. Have you? Why are you here?"

"I've been here a few times. Recently divorced, horny, lonely, pathetic, desperate, you name it. I don't drink, so I don't like bars. You probably know the rest."

"Yes, you come here and masturbate and then leave. So go ahead and do it now if you want to. I won't mind. I'd like to watch."

"How do I know you're not a cop?"

Ok, I didn't count on this. I suppose a 50's girl with a 20's guy might look a little out of place, so I guess I had to figure this out.

"Well, maybe you're the cop, right? I was just curious about this place and I asked my pool boy to come here with me so I would feel safe."

"Yeah right, that would be a good cop story."

"Wow, I didn't think it would be this difficult! Ok, look at my phone and I'll show you a bunch of naked pictures of me that he took. Would a cop do that? And by the way, unless you keep your service weapon in your trousers, you aren't a cop either!"

I scrolled through some pictures and he could see it was me.

"You see that last picture of me with the black bra and panties? That's what I'm wearing right now, and he took it just before we came here. Just so you feel safe, I want you each to start unbuttoning my dress very slowly and let it fall open, so you can see for yourself, ok?"

I leaned back and looked at them like I was asking them what in the world they were waiting for, and then Kyle reached for the top button, and then our new friend reached for the bottom button. Instantly, the old feelings came back and I knew I was becoming so wet!

"Just release each button slowly without opening my dress, and we'll see what happens. And just so you don't get your hopes up, there will be no sexual contact, but I think we'll still have fun."

I was thinking back to the first time I went to the theater alone when I was only 20, and I unbuttoned my dress the same way, and now I had two hot guys doing it for me!

When they finished, my dress was just laying on my body, and the slightest movement would make it fall open if I let it.

"Ok, I'll slide the dress off my shoulders if you take your cocks out. Kyle, you go first."

Kyle reached into his pants and pulled his cock out. Our new friend followed suit and did the same.

"Ok, that was easy, and a promise is a promise."

I leaned forward a little bit and shrugged the dress off my shoulders and let it fall off my body. Although Jim and Mike and Kyle and even Kari all say I still have a great body, I felt so insecure because I'm not 20 anymore. I almost expected the men to get up and leave.

I looked at them and said, "Well, I'm so glad we got of those insecurities out of the way! And I'll be honest, this isn't really my pool boy. But he's a good friend that is a genius with computers, and that's how we met."

"No prob, he didn't look like a pool boy anyway. But he takes good pictures."

I looked at Kyle and whispered, "I think he's saying you better start working out, just saying. But I haven't complained."

I reached over and placed my hand around Kyle's cock and said to our friend, "He does a lot of things well. This thing never quits. By the way, what's your name? I have to call you something."

"Darren. And what's yours?"

"Jennifer. And Darren, I don't know if I should, but would it be ok if I wrapped my hand around you? I said no contact, but I think that would be ok."

He nodded, and moments later I was leaning back with a cock in each hand while sitting in only my bra and panties. The other men could see that something was going on, and stood up and looked over towards us. This was so much like the old days!

We hadn't even been paying attention to the movie, which was at most six feet away in front of us on a big tv, but we could see a woman kneeling in front of a guy who was cumming all over her face and breasts.

"You know, some women may think that is disrespectful, but I love it! Kyle has done that to me a lot, right Kyle?"

"Almost every day since I met you, I think."

"Darren, I have to explain something. I'm just a regular person, but I get so excited when people watch me like this, or when I watch them, or when we just get playful. I don't want anything from you except that you have some fun too, ok?"

He looked at me and said, "I'm not complaining. You're amazing!"

I wasn't stroking their cocks, but they still felt so hard in my hands as I squeezed them. God, I was getting so wound up! I had to take it to the next level.

"I think I'll stand and face the audience and play around a little bit. Is that ok? But I want you to stroke yourselves. I love to watch."

I stood and stepped over to the big tv and turned around. In addition to Kyle and Darren, there were four other guys, and they all had their cocks in their hands.

"Well, it looks like everyone is enjoying themselves. I'm going to touch myself a little bit if that's all right. Is it ok if I take off my bra?"

The men gave me silent approval, and I reached back and slowly unsnapped my bra and let it drape over my breasts without it falling off me completely.

"You know, I looked at myself in the mirror this morning, and I noticed that I have tan lines. I don't know why, but guys like that, right? I'll show you."

I shrugged the bra off, and I was standing in front of everyone topless and was wearing only my panties. I tossed it to Kyle and told him to take care of it.

"See? I spent a lot of time out on the deck this summer, so that's where it came from. I would have sunbathed topless, but the neighbor boy would have been spying on me all the time. He probably did anyway."

I cupped my breasts and squeezed my nipples very gently.

"There's a young lady that stays with me regularly, and she has tan lines too. You probably wonder how I know that, but we sunbathe a lot and last time I suggested we take a shower together in my master bath afterwards just to cool off. She was a little shy at first, but let's just say that she definitely has tan lines."

The guys were stroking their cocks vigorously now, but I didn't want them to cum yet.

"I really hope you hold off and don't cum. I promise I'll make it worth it for you. And I'm glad you like watching me. Even at home when I'm alone, I'll prop myself up on the bed and face the full-length mirror on my closet door and watch myself masturbate, so I know exactly what you're seeing now."

I parted my legs a little bit and slid my hand inside my panties.

"God, I am totally wet! You have no idea how it feels to have people watching me like this!" I lifted my fingers to my lips and smiled.

They could see my hand moving inside my panties, and I was watching them. I thought back to years ago when I was leaning against the stage of the theater with men were standing all around me, and I couldn't believe I hadn't outgrown the desire. Back then, I was young and experimenting, but now I knew better, but I still felt the excitement of owning the room.

I slid my hands along my hips and down inside my panties and said, "I feel kind of overdressed. I'm going to take these off."

No one said a word, and their hands continued. I slowly slid my panties off and held them in my hand.

"Darren, would you watch these for me?" He nodded and I tossed them in his lap.

"You can use them to masturbate if you want, I don't mind. I'll remember they were wrapped around your cock the next time I wear them."

Now I was fingering myself and playing with my nipples with more enthusiasm and I felt pretty pleased with myself that I could hold power over these guys like I was doing. It would have crushed my ego if they had gotten up and left when I took my clothes off! But they stayed right there.

"Kyle is such a nice guy. I confided with him that this is my secret fantasy, and he arranged it all. And trust me, I'll repay him. He doesn't live far from me, and we play a lot. Sometime he spends the night and we make love for hours. Or sometimes I ask him to come over and I'll kneel down right in the kitchen and rub myself while I suck his cock. Or sometimes I'll be laying on my sofa with my legs spread and he'll walk in and stroke his cock and cum all over me. I love that! He still attends college, so I always make sure I don't take too much time away from him, so we sprinkle little quickies like that in."

The men were really squirming now, and I know they were envious of Kyle.

"Darren, I'll bet you wish you had a neighbor like me, right? You know, you're really handsome, and I'll bet there are a bunch of women out there that have seen you and then went home and masturbated too. I know I will for sure."

My pussy was so wet, and I knew that even I wouldn't be able to hold off much longer.

"You know what I would really like? Years ago in a place like this, I would sit in the front row and there would be a group of men standing around me and stroking their cocks, and they would start cumming one by one. Could we do that? Tell you what, although I can't let you cum on me, you can watch Kyle do it and that'll be your signal to let go, ok?"

All of the men stood, and I took my place on the sofa, and they stood in a half circle in front of me, each with their cock in their hand. I know, I am so bad! What would Kari think!

I spread my knees and fingered myself, and told Kyle to cum on me wherever he wanted to. The men looked at him hoping that he would hurry up, because I knew they wanted to finish too.

"One of my favorite things to do with Kyle is to lean back on the sofa with my legs wide open and watch him stroke. Then, I have him cum right on my pussy so I can use it for lube, and I make myself cum. Do you want us to do that?"

The men all nodded with excitement, and I slumped against the arm of the sofa and brought one foot up and placed the other on the floor, so I could give them a good view of my fingers pleasuring myself.

"There, you like this? I'm really a lucky girl to be getting all of this attention."

Finally, Kyle said he was ready and he stepped forward and released a big stream of cum from my belly down to my pussy, followed by more that landed in a big puddle around my belly button.

"Wow, very good Kyle! You know what that does to me! Ok guys, you know the rules, you can't touch or cum on me, but I want you to cum while you watch me finish. It would make me so happy."

My slid my fingers through his cum and brought them to my pussy and I couldn't keep from moaning.

"His cum makes my pussy so slippery and it feels so good. Even if I already came while we're having sex, I can't resist masturbating again after he cums in me. Oh, the stories I could tell."

The first guy whispered that he was ready, and he moved forward a little bit and I watched cum shoot from his cock and fall to the floor.

"God, that was so hot! Very nice!"

In this condition, a minute always seems like hours, so over the next sixty seconds several more guys did the same thing and I was right on the edge.

"Come on Darren, let yourself go. Just imagine I'm your neighbor and your cock is going to be sliding inside me tonight. Would you like that?"

He nodded and I saw his hand go still, and his cum shot out just as Kyle's did before. I couldn't hold back, and my fingertips were a blur as my body convulsed in my own orgasm. I couldn't have faked that if I had tried!

Everyone sat down again, and I was so out of breath. I made a show of sliding my fingers through the remainder of Kyle's cum and licking them off.

"God, that was so much fun! It's been years since I've done anything like that! And thank you all so much for being polite and cooperative!"

Darren whispered, "Can I give you my number? I'd really like to see you here again. I understand, no contact, no pushiness. I just want to see you again."

"Actually, for my own safety I remain anonymous and spontaneous, but I'm pretty sure we'll come back sometime. Tell you what, give me your email address and I'll think about it. You really were very polite."

I wrote it down, and then he handed me my panties.

"Would you like to keep them Darren? Would you think of me when you masturbate with them? That would make me so happy."

"Yes, definitely, thank you. Kyle, you're a lucky guy, hope to see you guys again."

Soon, Kyle and I were the only ones in the theater again, and we discussed what just happened.

"Did you enjoy it too, Kyle? You can't imagine how I felt when I stood up there completely naked and saw everyone with their cocks out."

"Oh yeah, I think you could tell I enjoyed it."

"Do all the other girls that you fix computers for act like this?"

"No way, you are one of a kind!"

I could go on about the rest of our visit, but you get the idea. Hopefully the next story is about my movies finally being converted to the computer! Bye Bye!


