A New Slave part 2 (Mf oral nc? reluc?) by Foxbat


Disclaimer:  The characters in this story are completely fictional,
and bear no intended resemblance to characters in real life.  This story
contains graphic sex, in some cases non-consensual, and should not be
read if such stories are illegal in your state, or if you are a minor.

Please feel free to distribute this, on the condition that the
disclaimer and author's name remain intact and unaltered.

For previous parts, or other stories of mine, please check out
http://assm.asstr.org.

You can search by title or author, or just browse.  Happy reading.

Thanks to ASSTR, I also have a website at
http://www.asstr.org/~foxbat/ where you can find all of my work.  This
is also available via ftp at ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/foxbat/


Feedback, comments, suggestions, etc are always welcomed and
appreciated at foxbat00@gmail.com


A New Slave part 2



   Olaf tried his best to keep his mind on his patron's business, but his mind was elsewhere, namely on the new slavegirl he had acquired.  It was like the holidays in his land, he thought, feeling anticipation he had not felt in years over what was to come.

   The other men who worked for the patron were all natives of this place, and some looked down on him for being an outsider.  When he was first brought here, Olaf had strove to be accepted as one of them, and he had largely succeeded.  He could not completely deny his heritage, however, and had come to discover the benefits of being considered a barbarian in this very formal culture.

   By retaining his accent, and pretending he was still unfamiliar, he could ask questions and obtain information which no native ever would or could.  Others did not fault him the way they would themselves; it simply reinforced their stereotype.  Olaf's patron was one of the few shrewd enough to see the value in this, and had promoted him rapidly.  Olaf had even taken the word for Savage in their language as his last name.  

   One or two of the other retainers with whom Olaf had come to be friends came by, their slaves in tow as custom dictated.  Olaf looked at the young girls, walking demurely behind their masters, head bowed slightly, stark naked except for some decorative jewelry.  Having a slave was a status symbol in addition to the obvious benefits, and Olaf looked forward to the time soon when his slave would be trained well enough to accompany him.

   At the end of the afternoon, Olaf left, crossing the grand capital city, marveling again at the accomplishments of this people.  Arriving back in his apartment, he removed his cloak, and helped himself to a brief supper before taking a deep breath and opening the door to the slave room.  There on the floor, much as he had left her, was his new slave.  

   She was naked save for the bonds, which consisted of cuffs and a leather face harness - a piece of leather in the shape of an inverted Y which went down between her eyes, to split at the bridge of her nose.  Connecting the ends of the Y was an additional strap which held a bright red ball firmly in her mouth as it continued around behind her head to join the other end of the Y.  An additional strap under her chin held her mouth down on the ball.

   The black of the leather and the red of the ball contrasted beautifully with her pale skin, Olaf thought, as he watched her chest move as she slept.  Without waking her, Olaf walked to a panel in the wall which opened.  He selected a whip (a slave-warming gift from one of his friends) which much resembled a riding crop.

   This was the part he did not like.  Aiming carefully, Olaf brought the whip down sharply over the exposed breast of the sleeping girl.  Her eyes flew open as she shrieked into the gag, and jolted upright.  Her bonds inhibited her attempt to scramble away from Olaf.  Reaching out and grabbing her by the hair, he moved his face so it was only inches away from hers.  She had to know that he was her master.

   "This is the first and last time I will talk to you in our language.  I am your master, and you will do what I say, always, and without hesitation.  The first thing I order of you is to learn the language of this place.  I don't expect instant success, but failure will be punished.  I am not a cruel man, and I don't enjoy hurting you, but both you and I are bound now by the rules of this land, and I will follow them, as will you.  In time, you will come to realize that following the rules has its own rewards."

   Olaf released her head, but continued to stare into her fear-filled big blue eyes.  Speaking in his new language, Olaf told her to be silent, and made the universal gesture by placing his finger over her lips.  Pulling her head towards him, he then began to remove the harness.

   When her head was free, the language lesson commenced.  First on the agenda was body parts, as he pointed and spoke.  Only a few lashes were needed before she caught on and started trying to repeat.  After mastering the important parts, he locked her cuffs and they covered the proper positions for a slave, including kneeling with legs apart and hands clasped behind the back, and standing staring at the ground.

   After an hour or two of standing up, kneeling, and touching various body parts, Olaf decided that the lesson for the night was concluded.  She had been very quick at picking up the words, and had made no attempt to say anything other than repeating what he had instructed her.  He could tell from the look of abject fear in her eyes whenever he lashed her that the slave traders had made no attempt to spare the whip - she was not broken, but most of the fight was out of her.

   Olaf decided that she had been well enough behaved to not need an O-gag for the next lesson.  Removing his tunic, he approached her.  Gnashing his teeth and then holding his crotch, he motioned to her with his knife that he would cut off a nipple if she decided to try anything.  She shrunk back from the knife, nodding vigorously in fear.

   Placing the knife on the shelf with the whip, Olaf approached her.  She was kneeling in the proper position, eyes downcast.  Olaf was in that intermediate state, somewhere less than hard, and somewhat more than soft, as he moved closer, so that his cock was less than an inch away from her face.  

   Olaf placed his hands on the girl's head as he watched her tongue snake out to touch his cock.  She licked slowly up the length of it, as he shuddered, feeling himself hardening.  After a few more licks, she used her tongue to pull the tip into her mouth.  Swirling her tongue over it, she rocked back and forth gently, helping him to get fully erect.

   When she judged that he was ready, she fluidly moved forward, deep throating the entire length of his cock in one smooth motion.  Olaf knew such things were possible, but never in a million years would he have expected this from his first use of his slave.  

   Working like a pro, the girl pulled back until only the tip was in her mouth, angling her head so that his cock pressed into her cheek.  Olaf felt his knees go weak as the incredible sensations coming from his penis took over his consciousness.  He had never been very big on oral sex, but this was ungodly good.  Part of his mind wondered where this girl has learned how to do this.  

   Releasing his cock from her mouth, she tongued his balls for a moment, causing Olaf to suck in his breath, before she sucked a ball into her mouth.  Letting her tongue dance over it, she let go before capturing the other ball.  Olaf was in heaven, as she went back to his cock.  Unable to control himself, he thrust himself into her face, feeling his cum building up.  Unfazed, she again took his entire length in her throat, tickling his balls with her tongue as he bottomed out.

   When Olaf came, grunting and huffing, she swallowed his come without hesitation, and very gently swirled his now deflating penis in her mouth to remove the last drops of cum.  When he finally pulled out, she beamed up at him with an unabashed look of accomplishment.  

   And not without good reason, Olaf decided, still stunned by the feat he had just experienced.  That had been better than some of the sex he had in his life.

   He patted her on the head, to show his appreciation, as she smiled. Drawing her to her feet, Olaf ran his hands over her fine body, finding her crotch moist, if not dripping wet.  Pressing his fingers into her folds, he felt her snuggle against him, as he massaged her labia.  His cock twitched in anticipation, slowly coming to life again.

   Scooping her up, he carried her into his bedroom, laying her gently on the futon where he slept.  For the first time, knowing that he probably shouldn't, he kissed her.  Her mouth was active, as their tongues fought for control.  The kiss broke with them both panting, as Olaf maneuvered into position.  He could not wait to have sex any longer.

   Just as his cock touched her pussy, Olaf felt the girl go entirely rigid, her legs trying to close and keep him out.  Puzzled, Olaf watched her face.  Her eyes were screwed shut with a look of terror.  She tried to slide down to blow him again.

   Olaf was torn - she clearly did not want to have sex for whatever reason, and her lips were talented enough.  But that was not how things worked here.  Not matter what the circumstances, a slave who would not have sex would get them both in trouble sooner or later.  

   Dragging her back up the bed, Olaf easily over powered her, forcing her legs apart.  She had not gone completely dry, but was not as wet as she was before, Olaf observed as he rubbed his penis against her pussy in preparation for penetration.  As he pushed inwards, she shook her head violently, trying even harder to squirm away and close her legs.  She was incredibly tight, and Olaf had to try several times before he was properly aligned.  

   He pushed, and felt the head of his cock go in slightly, before hitting resistance.  Suddenly, it dawned on him why she was such a good cocksucker and so resistant to actual sex.  She was a virgin.

   Taking a moment to appreciate this, he bent down and kissed the struggling girl on the forehead.  Taking a deep breath, he thrust forward though the resistance, and into her vagina as she yelped in pain and defeat.  He paused, buried entirely inside her, as she ceased her struggles.  Olaf could feel her around him, squeezing him almost painfully.  He could feel her pulse, and was acutely aware of every sensation on every square inch of his cock.  This was unlike anything he had ever experienced before.  The pain was finally starting to ebb as he studied the slave girl pinned under him.  Her face was still creased in pain, tears still welling from the corners of her eyes, but she lay still.  He slowly began to withdraw his penis, trying to be tender, until only the head remained inside.  He was amazed at the tightness as he slowly invaded her for the second time, feeling with heightened sensitivity every millimeter of his manhood disappear inside her.

   As he fucked her slowly, Olaf lost himself in the sensations emanating from his groin.  Things were moving more easily now, although she had not lost the super tightness which was driving him nuts.  It was a good thing, he thought, that he had come once already, or he would be spraying into her right now.  

   Picking up the pace a little, he was so immersed in himself that he did not notice her grimace lightened, as her body adjusted to the intruder and began to lubricate their copulation again.  It was still not entirely enjoyable, but the worst was past.

   Olaf could feel her shifting under him, as he moved to change the angle of penetration.  The increased friction was too much, and 3 strokes later, he felt himself erupt suddenly into her vagina, as he grasped the mattress and grunted.  Sliding back and forth in her overly lubricated pussy, Olaf let the aftershocks of orgasm roll through him.  Pulling out, he lay next to the girl, turning her so that they were spooning.  Olaf played absently with her breasts, as he enjoyed true post orgasmic bliss.  This owning a slave business was definitely worth the added cost, he concluded.

   After drifting in and out of semi-sleep for a while, Olaf finally got up.  Taking her hand, he pulled the sleepy girl from the bed as well, leading her into the tiny bathroom, where he showed her where the washcloths were, and how to properly soak one in hot water.  He then carefully cleaned the blood and cum from her crotch, before cleaning off his own organ.  Dropping the used cloth into the disposal, he guided her back to bed.



continuation possible.


---------


This has turned out to be a surprisingly good and surprisingly writeable fantasy... perhaps more will be forthcoming.

You can find part 1 at http://www.asstr.org/~foxbat

As always, I love to hear what people thing, for better or worse.  Drop me a line - foxbat00@gmail.com


Yours,
Fox
