That night Tasha dreamt her house caught fire.  She climbed to the roof in a see through negligee and dialed 1-900-FIREMEN.  In seconds a huge red truck arrived and naked fire fighters pulled huge, penis shaped hoses from the truck and sprayed the house with hundreds of gallons of Cream.  

"Up here! Up here!" She screamed, and a hundred-foot long penis shot up in the sky.

She squealed in delight and wrapped her arms and legs around it, kissing its barrel sized head before sliding down its warm slick shaft.  On the way down her negligee slipped off and huge D-cup breasts sprung out.
Ten hunky fireman helped her climb off the shaft and sat her on a satin cushion on the lawn.  They all clambered around her as she reached smiling for their giant foot-long cocks and guided two to her mouth while jerking off two more.  Two lay on her forehead and one slipped between her breasts.  Two more penises pushed her breasts together while yet another shot a small load on them for lubrication.  

Suddenly, all ten cocks started coming in unison in thick steady hose-like streams.  Blast after huge blast covered her face and body.  She opened her mouth in delight and was soon buried in a sea of their Cream.  As she tried to swim toward the top she saw a bright white light.  She broke the surface and looked up, staring oddly at her bedroom ceiling and licking her fingers.

"Wow some dream!" she muttered feeling her stomach rumble.

Despite drinking all night she felt like a million bucks!  She stretched and dressed throwing on her favorite sweat shorts and tank top.  For some reason her bra felt tight as did her granny panties.  She shrugged it off and went to downstairs for breakfast.  

She thought about the sexy firemen from her dream and about Mr.P's massive cock and the gallon of Cream she drank.  Her nipples grew hard as she opened the fridge door for milk for her cereal.
As she poured it, the milk slid out of the container in thick white clumps.

"Ewww gross..." 

She was about to dump it but the sour milk clumps reminded her of the blobs of Cream she ate off her face last night.  She tried to remember how she got home... then realized Jake was in her guest house...

She took off running.

Jake had crawled under the sheets and by the pile on the floor, apparently taken all his clothes off.  .  Her stomach rumbled again and she  hadn't gotten Jake's Cream the night before.  Tasha smiled pulling her tank top and bra off and crawling in next to him.  She kissed his face and ran a hand down his stomach to find his cock fully hard.  He woke abruptly.

"Wow you're hard already!" She gasped.

"Yeah it's always hard in the morning.  It's called morning wood."

"Ohhh cool!" She replied stroking the length of his shaft.  

Even though it was smaller than Mr.P's, it felt huge to her.  She threw off the sheets and kissed down his bare chest.  She was overly excited to stuff his cock into her mouth.  Sucking the head slow, she massaged his testicles.  She thought for a second, why did she run from her house to his cock without even thinking about it?  She stopped for a second, worried.  This is wrong.  What's happening?

Without warning, Jake pushed her head down to the six inch mark and held her there.  She breathed deeply through her nose and his scent set her inquisitive mind at ease.  

`Mmmmm yummy cock...' was the only answer she had to her question.  `Wait what question was I just thinking about?'  She thought.  

She stopped thinking completely as Jake began squeezing her hanging breast.  Her teased her nipple which was still hard from the fridge.  Her pussy immediately pulsed with warmth again... Maybe it was the cereal?
She thought.  She thought about the cereal on the counter she didn't eat, covered in rotten milk; the chunky, creamy white milk...  She attacked his cock again, cramming all six inches in her mouth and pressing further.  Jake's cock bent towards the base and she squeezed it straight with her free hand.  

Jake slid his hand from her breasts to her pantied ass.  Her pussy pulsed.  He rubbed her ass and then her labia through the panties.  Her pussy pulsed again.   Very slowly, he pulled her panties aside revealing her wet little pussy. Pulse.  He slowly peeled the lips apart and poked his finger at its delicious warm juicy center.  

"MMMMMFFFFFF!" She moaned in surprise as she felt his first knuckle slide inside her unchartered territory.  

"God DAMN your fucking tight Tasha!" Jake groaned as his single finger was getting crushed by her pussy.

He couldn't wait to get his dick in this pussy.  This was the best piece of ass he ever fucked with.  Although he didn't see how it would be possible as tight as she was.

He pushed her head down and pulled it up slowly as he pulled his knuckle out.  He pushed her head down again and pushed his middle finger halfway in.  Pulling on her hair she slid it out as he withdrew his finger.  She whimpered in helpless pleasure.  He did this a few more times before she caught on.  

Leaving go of her hair, she bobbed her head on his cock controlling the penetration of his finger.  Tasha couldn't believe how great it felt having her pussy fingered!  She began to realize how unbelievably good his dick would feel pumping into her pussy.  Although how it would fit inside was a mystery to her.   

Tasha stared at the cock in front of her and smiled.  She was so happy Jake let her suck on his cock!  She giggled and kissed the head before stuffing it back in.  She pushed her head down as far as she could getting her record six inches in her throat and then pushed a tiny bit more in.

"Holy fuck Tash..." Jake moaned, he stopped fingering her and watched her with awe.  He had gotten head from almost 100 girls but Tasha blew them all away.  She swiveled her head when she sucked up the shaft to the tip and then twisted her head around it while spinning her tongue.  

Jake twitched and started losing control.  By his moaning Tasha knew he was going to Cream at any minute.
She increased the suction around the head and her heart started beating fast again.

`YES! He's almost ready! Creamy yum-yums!' She thought while she stared into his eyes.  

His pleasure contorted face made her beam as his first squirt bounced off the roof of her mouth.  She closed her eyes and focused on swallowing and sucking more out.  Keeping in pace to his spurts, she got it down easier than the first time.  She continued sucking and pumping until she was sure it was empty.  When she was done, there wasn't a trace of Cream to be found.

She smiled at him and laughed as he lay still with a grin on his face.  

"Was it good?" He asked.

"Yes yes yes! It was Deeeeeelicious!" She said reverting back to a nerd. 

'Wow' he thought. Just wow.
