Helping My Girlfriend's Sister
by mjt09©
It was a relief to finally check into the hotel after our road trip down to Atlanta. I was psyched for the weekend - A friend was getting married, and the trip to Atlanta was doubling as a vacation for me and my girlfriend, Kate. Oh, and my girlfriend's sister, Gabrielle, who had just graduated from high school and was tagging along since she had nothing better to do. Don't get me wrong, I'm definitely not complaining about spending a weekend with two beautiful girls. I was just worried about having our extra-curricular activities curtailed by the presence of my girlfriend's sister, a very impressionable and innocent girl who spent her entire high school career with her head buried in books.

After checking in and tossing the bags on the beds, it was time to explore the city. We spent the rest of the afternoon in Piedmont Park on rented bikes, had dinner at a nice restaurant nearby, and returned to the hotel to unpack and relax before the wedding the next day. As I was unpacking our bag, I realized Kate had also tossed in a few bottles of wine - Great idea, since we couldn't get Gabrielle into any of the bars nearby! The three of us drank our way through one of the bottles while watching a movie, and it didn't take long for us to realize how late it was.

Gabrielle got up from her bed, a little wobbly from the wine, and headed to the bathroom to change. As soon as the door was closed, Kate was on top of me, her lips mashed against mine, her tongue driving into my mouth, her pussy grinding into my cock through our clothes.

"Kate!" I gasped as we came up for air, "Gabrielle's going to be back any second! Don't start something we can't finish!"

"I'm sorry, babe... But we'll finish it later, I promise," Kate said with a wink as she rolled back onto the bed.

Just then the bathroom door opened and Gabrielle walked out, wearing a tight-fitting camisole and pair of white panties. I knew she was hot, but damn! Her C-cup tits looked absolutely fantastic through the thin material, her large nipples pushing through the fabric. The look on my face must have been obvious, since she quickly said, "You don't mind seeing me like this, do you? I just figured we're all adults, and there's no reason to try and wear clothes we're not comfortable in, right?"

"Um, absolutely... Works for me!" I said as Kate elbowed me in the ribs. If Gabrielle was comfortable enough to be half-naked in front of me, who was I to complain?

"Quit drooling!" she said, laughing.

With that I got up and headed to the bathroom to get ready for bed. By the time I got back into the room wearing just my boxers, both girls were in bed, and Gabrielle was sound asleep, passed out on the bed next to us. "I don't think she's ever had that much to drink before," Kate whispered, adding, "Which will make this a lot easier for us!" She sat up and pulled her tank top over her head, exposing her lacy black bra to me. My cock instantly swelled as I reached for her tits, kissing her firmly on the lips. Kate purred her approval as my hands reached for the clasp of her bra, freeing her tits, her nipples already hard with arousal. I kissed my way down her neck to her chest, cupping one of her tits as I gently licked and sucked on her nipple. "Keep going!" Kate whispered, as I continued kissing my way down her taut stomach. She arched her back, allowing me to slip her thong down her legs, exposing her bald pussy to me, glistening with wetness. Grabbing her tight ass with my hands, I pulled her pussy to my mouth, thrusting my tongue deep into her folds. Kate grabbed my head, grinding my tongue even deeper into her as I licked her to her first orgasm, her body shuddering beneath me.

I looked up into her eyes, both of us panting with desire. "My turn, baby," she said quietly, turning me on my back and pulling off my boxers, freeing my engorged cock already slick with pre-cum. Kate swallowed me whole as her tongue danced across the tip of cock. I grunted my approval, thrusting as deeply as her mouth would take me, knowing I wasn't going to last long. My eyes went wide as Kate kept up her work on my cock, licking it from bottom to top as she gently held my balls.

Just then I happened to glance over at Gabrielle's bed and gasped as I realized she was wide awake and staring at us! My gasp caused Kate to also pause her incredible blowjob as she saw Gabrielle watching us. We both grabbed the covers as Kate exclaimed, "Gabrielle! How long have you been watching us?"

Her face turning red, Gabrielle sheepishly said, "Don't be mad, Katie, but I was only pretending to sleep, hoping you guys would go at it tonight. I've been watching this whole time. I've always heard about the other kids at school having sex, but I've never seen it before!" She paused before continuing, "I don't want to head to college in the fall not knowing what it's all about. Please, Kate, can you keep going?" Gabrielle had tears in her eyes, pleading us to pick up where we had left off. My cock, which deflated as soon as I realized Gabrielle was watching, was quickly returning to its full potential.

Kate looked over at Gabrielle, then back at me. "What do you think, baby?"

"Of course I have selfish motives, Kate, but I don't want your sister going off to the wolves at college without knowing a bit about sex, do you?"

Kate hesitated for a second before responding. "Ok, Gabi, but only on two conditions."

"Anything!" Gabrielle quickly said.

"First, if you whisper a word of this to anyone, I'll never speak to you again."

"Of course I won't!"

Kate then surprised both me and Gabrielle. "Second, if you're really committed to this, you need to be as naked as we are."

I couldn't believe it! Would I really get to see both gorgeous sisters in all their glory? My question was quickly answered as Gabrielle silently peeled off her camisole, revealing two incredibly beautiful tits. Her nipples were a light pink color and hard with anticipation of what she was about to watch. She then stood up, pushing down her white panties to expose her young pussy, wet with arousal, her folds just visible through her dark, trimmed patch of hair.

Kate nodded her approval to her sister before throwing back the covers of the bed to get back to what we started. My cock was aching for some release after two false starts, and was rewarded as Kate swallowed me again. "Damn, Kate!" I gasped as she sucked down my entire cock. I kept my eyes locked firmly on Gabrielle as Kate continued going down on me. I felt the familiar churning in my balls and knew I was close to cumming. Then, out of nowhere, Kate lightly brushed her finger over my asshole, sending me over the edge as I shot load after load of cum down her throat.

"Oh my God, Kate, that was incredible!"

"Kate, that was awesome!" Gabrielle exclaimed. "How were you able to swallow all of him?"

Kate, licking her lips and looking over at her sister, said, "Practice makes perfect, Gabi! Give it time and you'll be giving blowjobs like that too!" She then looked back at me with a wink. "But we're not done tonight, are we babe?"

"Hell no!" I said, as I pushed Kate onto all fours and guided my still-hard cock into her wet and inviting pussy, thrusting into her until my balls were resting against her ass. At this point, Gabrielle was tired of just watching us as she spread her legs open and started playing with her engorged clit. I pulled Kate's head up to mine, kissing her deeply as I continued pounding into. Kate was also furiously rubbing her own clit, just as her sister was doing the same. It didn't take long before both of them came, crying out in unison. 

Before Kate even had a chance to catch her breath, I flipped her onto her back and drove into her yet again, her slick pussy drenching my cock with the juice from her last orgasm. Over at the other bed, Gabrielle was breathing heavily and watching us intently. For the second time that night I felt the beginnings of my impending orgasm. Kate felt it too... "Cum into my pussy, baby! Do it!" My balls and cock swelled and I cried out as dumped another huge load of cum into her waiting pussy.

I collapsed onto Kate's chest, spent from having cum twice in the last 30 minutes. All of us took a few minutes to calm down from our heightened arousal. "That was fucking awesome, babe," I said. Looking over at Gabrielle, I asked, "And what about you? What did you think?"

Glancing between me and her sister, her eyes a bit glossed over from having cum, her smooth skin glistening with sweat, Gabrielle said, "I think that was the most incredible thing I've ever seen!"

And even more than before, I was looking forward to the rest of what the weekend held in store... 

I awoke the following morning after some of the best sleep I can remember. My girlfriend, Kate, was also starting to stir, her naked ass still pushed tightly against my hard morning cock. Her eyes fluttered open. Kate turned over to me, smiled and kissed me. "Did you dream as well as I did? Last night was incredible... I think my pussy is still wet!"

"Good morning to you too, babe. Yeah, last night was awesome... And we still have the rest of the weekend in front of us!" I said with a wink.

Kate rolled out of bed, walked silently to the bathroom and closed the door while she took care of her morning necessities. Meanwhile, I took the opportunity to look over at the adjacent bed. Kate's sister, Gabrielle, was on her stomach, sound asleep. Her covers had been tossed around during the night giving me a chance to admire her naked back and ass, the one I got to see for the first time last night.

I heard the bathroom door open. Kate, still naked, came back into bed while I got up to take care of morning business. I assumed by the time I finished my routine Gabrielle would be up as well, but she was still out like a light when I walked back into the room several minutes later. Kate, still naked on our bed, had a very mischievous gleam in her eye. "Come here, baby!" she whispered.

My cock instantly swelled to its full length, knowing exactly what she had in mind. I wasted no time in kissing her deeply, my hands roaming up and down her her body. Her legs wrapped around my torso and she pulled me tighter to her body. I felt her her tits mashing against my chest and her pussy grinding against my pelvis

After several minutes of deep kissing, with Kate's hands exploring the length of my back and ass, I broke off and started licking southward. As I moved down to eat her pussy, Kate moved her head between my legs to engage in some 69. Her hands caressed my balls as she expertly sucked the head of my cock, her tongue caressing my shaft. I was busily lapping at Kate's smooth pussy, eagerly sucking her engorged clit. Each time I took her clit into my mouth I felt her writhe under me, pushing her pussy harder at my waiting tongue. Meanwhile, I was enjoying one hell of a blowjob, her head bobbing up and down the entirety of my shaft.

Kate and I were both in heaven and hadn't noticed that Gabrielle had finally woken up... That is, not until Gabrielle had slid off her bed and onto our own. "Good morning, you two!" she said. We both looked up and smiled back at her.

"Good morning, Gabi!" Kate replied. "We didn't wake you, did we?"

"Yeah, but it was totally worth it... I've never seen anything like what you were just doing! Please don't stop on my account, Katie!"

"Since you put it that way..."

With her sister sitting just inches away, Kate took my still-throbbing cock back into her inviting mouth. I resumed tonguing Kate's soaked pussy, licking her clit as I thrust two fingers in and out of her waiting hole. I was moving closer to orgasm, and could sense Kate was as well. Using her pussy juice as lubricant, I pushed my thumb into Kate's puckered anus, pushing her over the edge.

"I'm cumming!" Kate screamed. She bucked her hips in estcacy as her pussy shot fluid onto my face and hands.

Once the ripples of her climax subsided, Kate opened her eyes. She realized I hadn't yet cum. "It's your turn, babe."

She slid down the bed and positioned her pussy over my cock. "This is called the reverse cowgirl, Gabi," Kate explained as she lowered herself completely onto my waiting cock. She ground her pussy hard against my pelvis, my shaft buried deep inside her. I started slowly thrusting into her.

Gabrielle was still intently watching us. As Kate continued working on my cock, Gabrielle was furiously working her own pussy. She was thrusting three fingers deep inside herself as her other hand massaged her tits. She arched her back and started thrashing with the start of her own orgasm. "Oh... oh... oh!" Gabrielle cried out as her climax wracked her body. Clear fluid erupted from her pussy, drenching her hands and the bed.

The heat from Kate's pussy and the excitment of watching her sister cum was too much. I passed the point of no return and my cock swelled with orgasm. I thrust one last time deep inside Kate's pussy and shot load after load of cum into her. Gabrielle's eyes were locked on mine as I came.

"That... was... insane!" she said, trying to catch her breath. Her beautiful tits were rising and falling with each breath.

The weekend had barely started, and here I was, surrounded by two gorgeous and completely naked sisters. "Quite a weekend this is turning into, isn't it?"

Gabrielle looked over at her sister. "Certainly different than I expected! Thank you for teaching me some of this stuff before I go off to college, Katie."

Kate replied, "Trust me, Gabi, it's our pleasure!" Then, looking over her shoulder back at me, "But so far we've only let you watch, and we have lots more weekend to go. I think both of us are more than happy to give you some personal instruction... Trust me."

Gabrielle smiled. "I like the sound of that!"

So did I...
After getting dressed Kate, Gabrielle and I headed out to check out Atlanta's World of Coke and their aquarium. As beautiful as the tourist sites were, however, I couldn't get my mind off the two beautiful women I was with. Kate was wearing a light, practically see-thru flower print dress. Her braless B-cup tits filled her dress nicely, her nipples poking through the thin material. The dress also gave Kate the chance to show off her incredible ass and nicely tanned legs. Gabrielle, meanwhile, had chosen to wear a pair of tight fitting short-shorts to show off her equally incredible ass and equally tanned legs. She had opted to pair her shorts with a more conservative tank top, although Gabrielle's C-cups were straining at the material.

I was in heaven. But despite the great tourist traps, I wanted nothing more than to go back to the hotel and understand just what "personal instruction" for Gabrielle Kate had mentioned earlier that morning. Although Kate has always been very sexually aggressive, I wasn't sure exactly how far she wanted to take things with her sister. She said she didn't want Gabrielle going off to college in the fall without any sexual experience, but how much experience did she want her to have? I didn't want to take anything too far and risk pissing off one or both of the sisters. Thankfully some of my questions would soon be answered...

After getting our fill of Atlanta attractions, the three of us hopped a cab back to the hotel to change for that evening's wedding. The wedding was the real reason we were in Atlanta in the first place, of course, so we didn't want to be late. Once we were in the room, Gabrielle announced she was going to hop in the shower. "Don't be long!" Kate yelled after her. "You take notoriously long showers, and all of us have to get ready for the wedding, sis!"

As Gabrielle started her shower, Kate and I flopped on the bed. "Babe, can I ask you something?"

"Of course...."

"Don't get me wrong, last night and this morning were awesome experiences. But exactly how far are you thinking about taking things with Gabrielle?"

"Hon, I love you. And I love Gabrielle. And I don't want her going off to college without the requisite experience. So I'm willing to go as far as you're comfortable going. Ok?"

I smiled and nodded. Kate then leaned over pressed her lips hard against mine. She then stood up and slipped her sundress completely from her body, revealing her completely naked body to me. She had an absolutely perfect body, with perky tits, hard pink nipples and a completely shaved pussy. Her outer lips were already wet with anticipation, just begging for my cock. "Ready for a shower?"

"But Gabrielle's still in there..." I trailed off, realizing what Kate was implying.

I quickly shed my clothes and followed Kate into the bathroom. The steam from the shower had already fogged up the door to the over-sized shower, so all we could see was the outline of Gabrielle's naked form. "Mind if we join you, Gabi?" Kate asked.

Before Gabrielle had a chance to respond, Kate opened the shower door, stepped inside and pulled me in behind her. "It does seem like a waste to be in here alone, sis!" Gabrielle answered. "There's more than enough room and water to share!"

Gabrielle reached for the soap, but Kate grabbed it from her and gave it to me. "There's no reason for you to have to do that yourself, sis!" Then, looking at me, "You don't mind, do you, babe?"

I didn't need to answer. Instead, I turned Gabrielle so her back was facing me, reached around to her chest and started to apply the soap. My hard cock was pressed up against her magnificent ass while I lathered up Gabrielle's gorgeous tits. The feeling of her large, C-cup breasts was amazing as I cupped them in my hands. As she turned her head to kiss me, I felt Kate's hands exploring my back. I was sandwiched between both sisters, my cock now fully engorged.

As Kate moved her hands to grasp my cock, I slipped one hand down to Gabrielle's pussy. She gasped when she felt my fingers trace the outside of her lips. "Please..." she whispered, "please make me cum..." Gabrielle's pussy was so wet, I easily slipped two fingers inside. I started fucking her with my fingers, building up a rhythm while Kate's hands worked their magic on my cock As I started tracing circles around Gabrielle's hard clit with my thumb, I felt her reach around behind her to grab my cock. I now had both sisters' hands on my hard member. By this point, Gabrielle was panting as she thrust herself harder onto my fingers. I could also feel my own climax starting to churn deep within my balls.

"Oh... oh... oh... That feels so incredible!" Gabrielle cried out as an orgasm started to rip through her. "Yes! Oh, God, yes!" she cried, cumming hard on my fingers.

I couldn't take the feeling of both sisters' hands sliding up and down my cock any longer. I turned my head around to kiss Kate deeply and came, firing rope after rope of cum onto Gabrielle's ass.

"Wow, girls..." was all I could say.

"That was so hot!" Kate said. "But I'm feeling a little left out!"

Thankfully, my cock was still rock hard. "Sorry, baby... Let's fix that!" I turned Kate around and bent her over. She placed her hands on the bench in the shower for support just as I impaled her soaked pussy. She was so turned on that I easily buried my cock deep inside her warm pussy. My balls pressed against her and I felt the tip of my cock hitting her cervex.

"Ugh!" Kate cried out. "Yeah, baby! Fuck me hard!" I started pounding hard into her, pulling all the way out before pounding my cock back inside her gaping hole.

By now Gabrielle had recovered from her own orgasm. I felt her press her tits against my back while she reached around to cup my balls with one hand and Kate's clit with the other. Gabrielle started playing with Kate's enlarged clit. "Dear God, Gabi! Oh yeah... Right there, sis!"

The feeling of her sister's fingers dancing along her clit as I fucked her from behind was too much for Kate to handle. She screamed loudly as a huge orgasm tore through her body. The walls of her pussy tightened around my cock as she came. Kate's orgasm and Gabrielle's continued work on my balls was too much and I came again, dumping another load of cum deep into Kate's inviting pussy.

"Holy shit!" I cried, seeing stars.

I pulled out of Kate's pussy as she stood up, a bit shaky. "Holy shit is right, babe. That was intense... You sure know how to work a clit, Gabi!"

Gabrielle blushed. "It's the only practice I've had, sis... Up until this weekend, anyway!"

Realizing the wedding was quickly approaching, I said, "Girls, as much as I'd like to continue what we've started, we really need to get ready. Besides, I think I may need to recover a bit!"

Gabrielle pouted. "As long as you've recovered by the time we're back from the wedding..."

After taking the most memorable shower of my life, Kate, Gabrielle and I all got dressed, left our room and headed downstairs for my friend's wedding. This was the reason we came to Atlanta in the first place; the amazing sex the three of us had been sharing was just a great addition. As the elevator slowly rolled down to the lobby, I took the opportunity to admire the two beautiful women with whom I'd been lucky to be spending the weekend.

Both girls were dressed in black cocktail gowns. Kate, my girlfriend, was wearing a thin, almost nightgown-like dress. Although held up with thin spaghetti straps, the neckline plunged almost all the way to her navel, which gave me a great show of her beautiful tits. The hemline of the dress stopped mid-thigh, showing off her firm, muscular legs. Kate noticed I was admiring her and smiled. I couldn't help myself; as the elevator continued towards the lobby I put my hand up the back of her dress and cupped her thong-clad ass.

My gesture was obviously noticed by Gabrielle, Kate's younger sister, who was also very well dressed for the evening. Her dress was a bit more conservative than Kate's, but somewhat more form fitting, drawing attention to her somewhat larger tits. She had chosen a strapless gown, showing off her very ample cleavage. Gabrielle's dress was also much longer than Kate's, the satin material flowing all the way down to her ankles. Thankfully, however, it also included a long slit up one side which stopped just a few inches lower than her hips.

Since Gabrielle caught me with my hand up Kate's dress, I thought it only fair to give her the same favor. As the elevator drew closer to the lobby I used the slit to my advange. As my hand made contact with her hip, Gabrielle gasped and closed her eyes. As I moved my hand towards her front I realized that she had opted not to wear panties... Her pussy was already moist, allowing me to slip a finger into her. "Ooooooh..." she purred, as I rubbed my thumb over her clit.

Kate then whispered in my ear, "We're arriving at the lobby, dear... And don't get her worked up too early!"

Just as the elevator landed at the lobby, I pulled my hand away from Gabrielle's dress. She exhaled deeply, trying to remove the flush from her cheeks. "You promise there's more of that later, right?"

***

The wedding ceremony was nice and very traditional, although I couldn't focus on anything except what I'd be doing with Kate and Gabrielle later that night. Kate must have sensed what I was thinking, because halfway through the reading of the vows she leaned over and whispered, "Relax, stud, there's plenty of weekend left..."

It didn't help.

After the ceremony the guests all filed into the hotel's well decorated ballroom. Kate, Gabrielle and I were all seated together near the back of the room facing both the dance floor and head table. Trying to be somewhat of a gentleman, I helped both of them to their seats, placing each sister on either side of me. Before too long the best man stood up to give his speech. As all eyes turned toward the head table, I felt Kate's hand start to creep along my left thigh. Not a second later, Gabrielle placed her hand on my right leg, with both sisters' hands slowly moving closer to my cock. My prick started coming to life under the table, straining uncomfortably against my pants. It didn't take long, however, for Kate to quietly unzip my fly, reach in and free my aching cock from its tight confines. As the best man rambled on, both sisters started caressing my shaft, using my considerable amount of pre-cum as lube.

I looked over at Kate just as she mouthed the words, "He's all yours" to Gabrielle. As Kate removed her hand from my cock, Gabrielle looked into my eyes and started jacking me off quickly, each time flicking her thumb over the head of my cock. It didn't take long before I felt my balls start to swell with cum and rise into my shaft. Gabrielle pumped faster and faster as my cock swelled in her hand and I exploded in orgasm. Gabrielle smiled widely as she wiped her spunk-covered hands on her napkin.

"That was ok?" she whispered.

"That was great, babe... I can't wait to be your first later tonight though."

Kate leaned over, stuffed my cock back into my pants and zipped me up. "Now, do you think you can keep it down until we get back upstairs?" she whispered.

"No promises, hon!"

***

The remainder of the reception went off without a hitch. Dinner and dessert were both fantastic, and all three of us enjoyed several glasses of wine. I still couldn't keep my mind off what was still to come, and couldn't wait to get the girls alone again in our room. Around midnight the bride and groom said their goodbyes, and shortly thereafter I noticed Kate and Gabrielle had slipped away as well. Hoping they were back upstairs I made my way back through the lobby and into the elevator. Stepping off the elevator, I realized my cock was already hardening in anticipation of what was hopefully about to happen.

I unlocked our door and stepped inside our room, finding a wonderful sight on the other side. Candles had been lit, casting a soft glow throughout the room. Both girls were lounging on our bed, sipping champaign. Kate was still in her dress, but Gabrielle had changed into a very sheer, and very short nightgown. From my vantage point, I could she'd already removed her panties; the outer lips of her pussy were clearly glistening.

"We were wondering how long we'd be waiting!" Kate said, as both girls giggled. Then, noting the prominent bulge in my pants, "But I'm glad you came prepared."

Kate put down her glass and crossed the room over to me. Her hands immediately started taking off my belt as she leaned in and whispered into my ear. "Gabrielle is ready for you, baby. She's all yours." Kate continued to undress me, first removing my pants before proceeding to unbutton my shirt. She then moved behind me and faced her sister. "It's time, sis." Kate then lowered my boxers to the floor, releasing my hard-on before gently pushing me towards her sister.

Gabrielle drained the rest of her champaign and set the glass on the nightstand. "I'm so ready for you... just be gentle," she whispered, as I closed the distance to her.

Laying down next to her, I gently touched the side of her face and pulled her in for a kiss. I started by lightly touching her lips with mine, the parted her lips with my tongue and kissed her deeply. I felt her tongue starting to probe my mouth while I started exploring the rest of her body with my fingers. As we continued to kiss I pushed the thin strap of her nightgown off her shoulder, exposing her breast to my waiting hand. As I brushed her erect nipple with my fingers she gave out a bit of a gasp. I used the opportunity to move my lips down her neck, over her firm breast and onto her sensitive nipple.

Meanwhile, I continued exploring the rest of her young, beautiful body with my hand. I grabbed her muscular thigh and then started inching closer to her awaiting pussy, as Gabrielle's breathing became heavy with anticipation. She parted her legs slightly, allowing me to come in contact with the folds of her virgin pussy. She was terribly wet already, and I had no problem slipping my finger inside her. She gasped as my finger entered her and gasped again as I started rubbing her clit with my thumb. I then leaned over and replaced my thumb with my tongue, flicking it over her engorged clit as I continued to pump my finger into her. Gabrielle pushed my head harder against her pussy, driving her clit hard against my tongue. It wasn't long before Gabrielle cried out in an orgasm, her pussy rippling around my finger.

Her chest heaving with deep breaths, Gabrielle opened her eyes and smiled at me. "That was great, but would you please just take my virginity already?" I nodded in excited agreement.

She sat up and pulled off her thin nightgown. She then positioned herself on top of me, my cock just inches from her dripping pussy. At this point we both realized Kate had shed her clothes and moved onto the bed with us. "You ready, Gabi?" she asked. Gabrielle nodded. Kate then took my cock in her hand and lined it up with her sister's cunt. I thrust upwards and into her, popping her hymen and burying my cock completely inside her.

"Yes!" Gabrielle cried out, throwing her head back in ecstasy. At first she took a minute to adjust to having a cock in her for the first time, enjoying the sensation. She then started sliding herself up and down my shaft. It had been a long time since I'd been with a virgin; Gabrielle's pussy was wonderfully tight and wrapped around my throbbing cock like a condom. Kate, meanwhile, leaned over to kiss me as I continued pumping into her sister's twat. It was certainly the most fun I'd ever had in the sack!

Then, as Gabrielle and I continued fucking, Kate swung a leg over my head and positioned her own cunt over my mouth. She lowered herself onto my tongue and I started eating her out. I parted the folds of her pussy with my tongue and started thrusting it into her as I did the same with my cock and Gabrielle's cunt. I felt Gabrielle start to grind hard against my pelvis and knew she was close to another orgasm. I started lapping eagerly at Kate's pussy, driving her closer to orgasm as well.

Just then I felt two sets of hands at the base of my cock and one of Gabrielle's fingers had found its way to my asshole. The sensations were all too much to handle and I came hard, firing load after load into Gabrielle's cunt. Both Gabrielle and Kate cried out with orgasms of their own, and I felt a rush of sweet fluid dripping out of Kate's pussy. The sisters embraced to ride out their climaxes together and Gabrielle's pussy milked my cock for everything it had left. The three of us then collapsed in a heap on the bed.

As we lay panting there together, Gabrielle said, "Thank you, Kate, for sharing him with me...." And with that, she kissed her sister full on the lips before the three of us drifted off to sleep.
