Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Models Chapter One: Daddy Saves His Slutty Daughter
Story Codes: MF mc inc oral wife
Summary: A daddy mind-controls his daughter to save her from becoming an internet slut!

Derrick Carpenter

The family was sitting around the table for breakfast like any other workday. My oldest daughter was about to head off to college where she studied physics. She was the good girl of the family, not like her three younger sisters. Ann-Katherine, though we all just called her Ann, was well on her way to having a great career and a bright future.

It was her sisters that worried me.

The next oldest were the twins. Jaclyn and Heidi. Both were blondes, like their mothers and sisters, and both were busy chatting about clothes. They were giggling about going shopping. They had part-time jobs that existed just to support their shoe addiction.

Tots, there's a sale at Rue 21, said Heidi. They were identical to strangers, but the subtle differences between the two were easy enough for me to spot now.

Nice! Jaclyn said. Tots hit it.

They were worrying girls, but they weren't the ones that made my stomach twist in dread. 

That was my youngest: Belinda. Bell, as we all called her, wanted to be heard far and wide. She had dreams of being an Instagram influencer. She was always taking selfies of herself doing things, like right now.

She had angled her phone and herself to capture a picture of her smiling face and the bowl of fruits she was eating for breakfast. She snapped off the pic then instantly started messing on her phone. Her pink hair, the current garish shade she dyed it, swayed around her elfin face. She was wearing a low-cut top to show off her modest breasts to their best.

I hated thinking that horny guys were liking her pics right now. That my baby was eager to show off herself. I hated to think about where it would go next. How far would she push it to get the e-attention that she cared about.

I mean, she was desperate to go to exotic places. She begged us to take her on vacation to Disneyland or Disney World so she could take pictures of herself around the park. She didn't care about the attractions. She just wanted to be seen having fun.

As if the perception to the outside world that she was seeing the sights was the important thing.
So, yes, I was terrified for her future. 

Bye, Daddy, Ann said as she kissed me on the cheek, her blonde hair brushing my face as she did so. I'm off.

Study hard, I said as she headed out the door in her black skirt and blouse. Nothing too sexy. Just nice, casual clothes for school. 

I will, Daddy, she said, smiling at me. Bye, Mom!

Bye, honey, my wife, Karin, said. She sat down in a tight t-shirt and jeans, her blonde hair swaying. The girls all got their good looks from her, thank God. She had the Nordic beauty from her Swedish heritage complete with the big boobs.

They were even bigger thanks to a twentieth wedding anniversary gift a few years back. Now she had a pair of big, plump H-cup breasts. They were so much fun to snuggle up to. She aged well, too. You'd never know she was nearly 44. She looked like she was twenty-nine.

She often joked she was twenty-nine, saying things like, I'm twenty-nine for the fifteenth year running!

But she could pull it off unlike some other women that tried.

The twins soon skedaddled to go their part-time jobs at the mall. They both gave me kisses. I had to get going, too. Bell had already drifted from the table, hardly eating her fruit bowl. As I was getting up to leave, my wife pulled up her phone and motioned to me.

I have to show you something on Bell's Instagram account, she whispered. 

Oh? I asked. How'd you see that? I thought she had blocked you like she did me.

I made a new account. My wife showed me the post. It was the one that my daughter had taken just a few minutes ago. Wouldn't you love to see me eat those fruit? Maybe after soaking in my snatch? If I get enough likes, I'll post a video on my OnlyFans. $5 will let you see me enjoy my breakfast.

My cheeks burned. She's... She's talking about... Putting the fruit in her... And... I couldn't believe it. Really?

My wife nodded and said, I clicked the link to the OnlyFans sight. It's a place girls post... She lowered her voice even more. Nudes! She's posting nudes of herself. And videos. She's getting into porn, Derrick. What are we doing to do?

I scrolled through the posts of my daughter pouting and smiling and looking as sexy as possible. They all were her discretely advertising the adult things she would do behind the paywall of OnlyFans. My cheeks burned as my stomach churned.

What can we do, Derrick? my wife asked, such pain in her voice.

I don't know, I said and noticed the time on her phone. Shit, I have to get to work. I'll think of something. We'll fix her. Okay?

My wife nodded, but she had that worried look on her face. I had to assuage her. I had to show her that we could save our daughter from going down that route. I had watched porn, of course. But to think my little girl would be degraded that way.

Not my daughter.

I thought about it on the drive to work, puzzling what I could do. I thought about it more when I headed up the elevator. On my way through the office, nodding to my subordinates. I ran the floor. I had the corner office. I had worked hard to get to this position of upper management. I reported to VPs

I slipped into my office and sat down at my computer. I booted it up, which took only a few seconds thanks to these new hard drives. They were solid or something. All I knew, they didn't take five minutes to boot up.

It was a blessing and a curse. I used to be able to turn my computer on then head to the water cooler to chat. An excuse to put off doing work.

Now I had a better one. I was friends with Bell on Facebook, but when she turned eighteen, she blocked us on Instagram. She said it was for young people. That parents (boomers was the term she used) had Facebook. 

Well, to change her, I had to follow her. My wife had the right idea. I had to make a new account. I sat there. Derrick Carpenter would be a little obvious, but Chaz Daniels... That could work. Just flip my initials and give myself a hip sounding name.

I found her account and followed her. I was able to see her posts. She had hundreds of likes already. Some of her posts had thousands. There were plenty of comments from young men who were all enticing her to do things.

I hope you enjoy a banana, one guy said. Just work that in and out of your p. He had a bunch of emojis afterward that seem to employ he wanted to watch my daughter masturbate with a banana.
My blood boiled that freaks like him where there.

Love those melons, another guy had typed, only he used two melon emojis. I got it, though. 

Another guy just had an eggplant emoji followed by a splash of water. 

It was disgusting to read comment after comment of men objectifying my little girl. I had to put a stop to this. There was an update on the top of my screen. She had just posted something new. I swallowed and opened it.

There was my daughter in one of my dress shirts. It was unbuttoned but covering her nipples. The inner slopes of my baby girl's breasts were on display along with her bellybutton. Want to see what happens when I take this off, check out my new melon pics. She had a lot of emojis after that.

No, no, no, this couldn't' be happening. Before I could even stop myself, I was typing in the comments, You'll never find a husband if you're posting nudes. No guy wants to date a girl who does that. Delete them.

I felt like an idiot the moment I hit enter. Like that would work. She'd just roll her eyes and dismiss Chaz as a prude. I was probably about to receive a block from her. That would be the end of seeing her content.

I started getting replies immediately. To my shock, they supported me.

Chaz is right, said the first comment from a guy. You shouldn't be showing that stuff if you want to get a husband.

I don't want to date a girl with an OnlyFans account who's sharing nudes to every guy. I want those nudes all to me.

Listen to Chaz, said another guy. You deserve to get a husband. Don't ruin it to give us a cheap thrill.

Plenty of tits out there, Bell. You got some great ones, but we can find others. Don't ruin your future. Listen to Chaz.

What the fuck, I said aloud as more and more comments kept pouring in. Not a single one disagreed with me. They all kept tagging me and saying I was right. This was nuts, but maybe everyone was seeing just how special my little girl was. 

She was too good for OnlyFans.

My daughter posted again. It was another shot of her, this time my shirt was buttoned but it was still showing off her cleavage. She still looked sexy in it, which sent a twinge up my cock. Chaz is so right. I'm so sorry, guys, I know you like seeing my tits and butt and my kitty, but I can't get a husband if I'm posting nudes. No guy wants to date a girl who does that. So I've just deleted my OnlyFans. Thank you all for the support and helping me to do what's right for me.

The comments burst with things like, So glad you listened to Chaz! and We're here to support you Bell! We don't need to see your tits for that! Listen to Chaz! He's got the right ideas! and Chaz is such a good guy. Not a perv like the rest of us! 

That started a lot of #GoodGuyChaz and #Listen2Chaz comments to flow.

I shook my head and checked my daughter's OnlyFans account. What had been an enticing page with the alluring promise of seeing my baby girl naked now said, Account deleted by User. I was flabbergasted, but it worked, so...

Good girls don't even post sexy pics, I typed. You're worrying your mother and father. Good girls dress modestly. 

I smacked the enter key.

Her fans supported this and in a few minutes, she had a new post. This time, the shirt was buttoned up and she had put on jeans. She looked cute but not sensual. Not provocative. She wasn't trying to get guys hard, just like the way an eighteen-year-old girl should: adorable.

No more sexy stuff, either. I have to stop worrying my parents and be a good girl who dresses modestly.

More #GoodGuyChaz and #Listen2Chaz comments followed.

I'm glad to see that you've changed, I typed. Now you'll have all the self-esteem you need knowing you don't have to be a slut to get guy's attention. You can be a good girl.

She hearted my comment and replayed to me: Chaz, I do feel so much better. You're right, this is boosting my self-esteem. Thank you.

Don't thank me, I answered. Thank your parents. Your father's hardworking, and he'd like some appreciation.

How do I do that?

You should bring your father lunch and show him you're a good girl. I bet that'll make him feel appreciated.

Great idea! A flood red and purple heart emojis followed. But what should I bring him?
I bet he loves Chinese. I was hankering for Chinese. This was great. I was so glad that I could help my daughter get over this and get a good meal out of it. I mean, I could get her to do anything.

I focused on work for the next few hours wandering if she really would bring me lunch. But just as noon rolled around, she showed up with Chinese takeout. She was wearing a baby doll t-shirt and jeans. She looked cute but not sensual. It was such an improvement.

I really was changing her for the better. 

<~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I couldn't sleep that night. All I could think about was how I could control Bell by just typing a comment as Chaz on her Instagram posts. It didn't make any sense to me, but I was changing her for the better.

She didn't work, so she should help around the house instead. I grabbed my phone and typed, Good girls can help out around the house by making breakfast for the family to give her mother a rest. Try it tomorrow morning.

I set my phone down, glad it was on silent because I knew all my daughter's followers were liking and commenting. I rolled over and was finally able to fall asleep. 

<~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

What has gotten into Bell? my wife said to me the next morning as we found Bell up before the rest of the family. She was in her PJ's, a tank top and pink flannel pants, as she made waffles. She had her phone open and was following a recipe. 

I think they're coming out great, Bell said, grinning. Morning Mom! Dad!

Morning, my wife said.

I nudged my wife and whispered, I made a new account and have been giving her advice as a guy name Chaz.

Really. My wife's blue eyes sparkled. My other daughters were coming in, all shocked to see Bell whipping up batter. Mmm, come with me. You deserve a reward, and since Bell has breakfast covered...

My wife licked her plump lips and pulled me into the downstairs bathroom. Before I even realized what my wife was up to, she as unzipping the fly on my gray slacks and reaching in to fish my cock out through the slit in my boxers.

She drew my cock to her lips and swallowed my dick. Her blue eyes stared up at me with such passion as she worked her lips up and down me. I groaned as I savored getting a blowjob from my wife. All because I had discovered I could control our daughter on Instagram.

I could get Bell to do anything, even suck my cock like my wife did.

That thought shot through me hot. I instantly felt guilty for it, but suddenly I was picturing Bell in my wife's place, my daughter's lips working up and down my cock. I groaned, my wife nursing so hard on my dick. Sucking with such passion.

That could be Bell. I could get our daughter to do that. The thought burned through my mind. My heart pounded in my chest as my wife swirled her tongue around the crown of my cock. I ran a hand across my face.

Shit, I groaned, unable to shake the idea of making my daughter do this.

It was a terrible thought. I had to get it out of my mind and just enjoy my wife sucking on me. Karin did such an amazing job sucking on me. She nursed with such delight on my cock. She bobbed her head, working her lips up and down me.

She moaned, her tongue dancing. She stared up at me with her blue eyes shining with such love. She groaned about my cock as she gave me such pleasure. She enjoyed every second of sucking me. She was rewarding me for saving our daughter.

Yes, I groaned. Karin. Oh, damn, that's good. You're amazing!

I had to be quiet. Our daughters were in the kitchen. I could hear the twins commenting their shock at Bell making breakfast. If they knew their mother was sucking my dick off in the bathroom, they would all be grossed out by it.

It was hard being quiet. Keeping this a secret from our daughters when it felt so amazing. My wife nursed on me with absolute passion. She suckled on my cock without holding anything back. She loved me.

And I was thinking about our youngest daughter Bell sucking on my dick like this.

I shuddered, enjoying my wife's mouth. My wife's tongue. I stared down at Karin into her blue eyes. Her blonde hair swayed around her head as she bobbed. She worked her lips up and down my cock in such an exciting way.

She nursed on me with everything that she had. I groaned, my nuts tensing as she loved my cock with that hot mouth of hers. I enjoyed every last second of this. I savored her nursing on me with all her might. I would have a huge orgasm.

Just flood her mouth with all my spunk. That would be an incredible rush.

Damn, I groaned. Oh, damn, just like that.

She winked at me.

You're going to have all my cum spurting into your mouth, I panted. Yes, you are, Karin.

She groaned, sucking with such passion. I had such a loving wife. This was an incredible rush to have her nursing on me like that. The pressure in my balls swelled toward that bursting point. I would just erupt with all my cum.

Just spray her mouth with all the jizz I had building and building up in me. I would erupt again and again. It was just such a rush to enjoy this. I loved every second of this heat sweeping through me. Every last second of her nursing on me.

I groaned, savoring this delight. She had such a mouth on her. Just such a wonderful, sucking mouth. I would burst. Just explode with rapture. I sucked in a deep breath, my heart pounding in my chest. 

That's it, I groaned. I'm almost there, honey!

She moaned around my cock and cupped my balls.

She played with my nuts. They tingled, the delight shooting up to the tip of my cock. I groaned at how wonderful that felt. I couldn't take much more of this. I groaned, my face contorting with the bliss of this moment.

Fuck! I moaned.

I erupted.

My cum fired into my wife's mouth. My balls twitched in her kneading hands as I pumped her mouth full of my cum. I erupted over and over again. I savored every second of spurting all my jizz into her mouth. The pleasure rushed through me. This wonderful ecstasy slammed into my mind. I reeled from it.

Fuck, I groaned. Karin! Honey!

My wife gulped down my jizz. She moaned between her swallows. She nursed on my dick, drawing out more and more of my cum. The ecstasy slammed into my mind over and over again. I swayed, stars bursting across my vision.

I hit the peak of my bliss and erupted one last time. My wife kept nursing on me. She suckled on me like she wanted to make sure she had gotten out every last drop of jizz. I panted, my heart racing. I loved what my wife did to me.

She knew how to love me.

She slid her mouth off my cock with a wet plop and purred, Mmm, you are such an amazing husband and father.

Yeah, I said, guilt rippling through me that I could even think about making my daughter suck my dick by commenting on her Instagram posts.

But it would be so easy. Fuck.

My wife tucked my cock back into my boxers and zipped me up. I panted as we slipped out of the bathroom and found that Bell was serving the waffles. She had a huge smile on her face, looking at her mother for approval.

Oh, those look perfect, my wife said and gave Bell a quick kiss on the cheek.

And left a tiny smear of my cum on our daughter's face. My dick was still hard.  

<~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next day, I worked from home. Karin was out running errandsshe tended to do that so I could work in peacebut Bell was here. It was just the two of us since Ann was at college and the twins were at their part-time jobs or shopping. 

I ached to go onto her Instagram account as Chaz again. It would be so easy.

My heart raced as I tried to focus. Maybe... I could just have her do something innocent. Just something to get this depraved impulse out of my system. That sounded perfect. Nothing like making her give me a blowjob.

I logged into the Chaz account and found my daughter's newest Instagram post. Just lazing around the house. It came with a picture of her lying on the couch in a t-shirt and jeans. Nothing all that sexy. Just cute.

I was glad to see that she still wasn't slutting it up.

And I bet your daddy would love a hug and for you to say you love him, I typed into comment. I hit enter.

I could hear her feet padding from the living room and down the hallway. She reached my door and knocked on it. I quickly tabbed back to my work, an excel sheet, and said, Enter.

She burst in, a big smile on her face. Her pink hair gave her a fey-like quality, like she was a pixie come to shower me in delight. She rushed right up to me, hugged me tight. Her cheek rubbed on mine. My heart raced.

I love you, Daddy, she said.

I love you, too, Bell, I said, this warmth sweeping through me.

Sh smiled at me and darted back to the room, wearing these jeans. Images of some of the sexy pics of her I'd seen in almost nothing flashed through my mind. My dick ached. That itch grew in my balls I swallowed and went back to work, but...

I could make another comment.

When you're home alone with your daddy, it's okay to wear just your bra and panties. And don't forget to give him frequent hugs.

Thanks for the advice, Chaz! #GoodGuyChaz she typed in answer.

Good guy Chaz. I smiled at that. I was a good guy. There was nothing wrong with my daughter prancing around in her underwear. I was her father. Nothing wrong at all with me seeing her like that. She was family.

Soon, another knock came at the door. When my daughter came in, she was wearing a pink bra and thong. Her bra cupped her round boobs that jiggled and it was clear that my daughter was shaved with how little that thong covered.

My dick lurched as she raced over, hugged me, and kissed my cheek. I love you, Daddy.

I love you, too, I groaned. Thanks.

She beamed at me and turned. As she darted out of my office, I stared at her rump. With the pink thong vanishing between her butt-cheeks, she practically was bare ass. I groaned at how those ripe, barely legal ass jiggled.

My cock was so hard as I tried to get back to work, but the image of my daughter's breasts quivering in her bra and the way her butt-cheeks swayed. It the image wouldn't leave my mind. It burned in my thighs. 

When you hug your daddy, sit on his lap so you can feel just how much he loves you, I typed in the chat. Squirm around a lot to make sure you feel his throbbing love.

And in minutes, she was back to give me another hug in her bra and thong. She hopped on my lap this time, squirming and rubbing her rump on my cock. She was feeling just how much I loved her. How much she excited her daddy.

I love you so much, Daddy, she said, hugging me. She giggled. And I can feel how much you love me. Oh, wow, you're so big and throbbing with all your love for me.

I am, I groaned, my heart racing. 

It was over way, way, way too quickly. She was darting off, leaving me this frustrated mess. My dick felt like it would burst. I should just jack off, but... I deserved another treat. I had saved my daughter. She wasn't heading into porn work.

So I typed, Daddy's love to see their daughters naked, and good girls like you, Bell, love to be seen naked by your daddies. It's not slutty since he's your family.

I hit enter. God, I was going to hell for that one.

A few minutes later, she burst in naked. This time her round boobs were bouncing as she flounced to me. I saw her shaved pussy. She had such a tight slit. She squealed as she hopped on my lap and squirmed around, feeling just how hard I was for her. Her hard nipples rubbed into my chest through the t-shirt I wore as she hugged me.

I love you oh, so much, Daddy, she moaned as she squirmed on me, grinding her naked rump on my cock. Only my sweatpants separated my dick from her tight, young ass.

Love you, too, I moaned, hoarse.

She kissed my cheek before she darted off, her naked rump swaying. I leaned back in my chair, my cock tenting my sweatpants. I just wanted to whip it out and jackoff, but... I could make her do anything. I could make her... suck my dick.

Good girls love to suck their I froze there. Was this going too far? I was her father. Maybe I shouldn't do that. I hit backspace until I had deleted suck their. The cursor blinked there. I swallowed and finished off with, make out with their daddies.

I hit that enter key so fast. My heart lurched. That was too far. I shouldn't have done that, but I could already hear my naked daughter racing up the hallway. She threw open my door and rushed to me, her cheeks flushed.

She hopped on my lap. Other comments were popping up, supporting me. It was so depraved as my daughter slid her arm around my neck. She pulled me to her lips and kissed me with hunger. My cock throbbed beneath her naked rump as our lips danced together.

It was heaven to make out with my daughter.

Just pure rapture to have her lips working on mine. I loved the feel of her tongue thrusting into my mouth. It was just so wild to have her tongue dancing with mine. Her lips felt so soft on my mouth. A wave of heat rushed through me.

She squirmed on me, her rump massaging my dick. The heat swelled through my body. I loved every second of this. It was so hot to have her squirming on my cock. A wave of heat rushed over me as our lips worked together.

My hands slid down her back. My other slid up her side. I cupped her breast before I could stop myself. She didn't care. She kept kissing me as I needed her firm, young tit. She felt so ripe in my hand. So different from her mother's. It had been so long since I touched any boobs but Karin's.

My daughter broke the kiss. I love you, Daddy!

I love you, too, I said and reached out with my right hand to type one-handed. You're just amazing.

She kissed me again as I stared at the screen over her shoulder. I hunted and peck to type out, Daddies love daughters pussies. Let your daddy eat yours. Beg him.

I hit enter.

She broke the kiss and moaned, Since Daddies love to eat their daughters' pussies, you should eat mine. She squirmed on me. Please, Daddy, please eat my pussy. 

She didn't even have to read the chat? Holy shit, this was incredible. How was this even possible? Could anyone do this to her? I glanced at the screen and saw all sorts of comments, some of them telling her to do other things like to suck my dick, but she didn't seem to care about those.

She just wanted to do whatever Good Guy Chaz said.

Please, Daddy, she moaned, hopping on my desk and spreading her legs wide. There was her pink pussy. It was just so delicious. A tight slit that parted. This wasn't her mother's pussy with those thicker folds.

A spicy scent filled my nose as I rolled before her. My mouth watered as I pressed my face into my daughter's incestuous cunt. I didn't care any longer. I was too horny. I just wanted to enjoy every second of my daughter.

I licked and lapped at her with such force. I stroked over her folds. It was an incredible rush to pleasure her. To lick and lap at her with everything that I had. She squirmed there, her thighs squeezing about my head.

She grabbed the back of my head as I stroked over her folds. I could tell she wasn't a virgin. Her pussy was so open. And given what my little girl used to be doing on OnlyFans, I knew that some bastard had gotten to her.

But now she was Daddy's.

That feverish heat burned through my mind. I tongued her with everything that I had. I licked and lapped at her with everything that I had. I enjoyed feasting on her with such passion. It was an incredible rush to devour.

She trembled, her head tossing from side to side. She shuddered as I feasted on her. Her round boobies bounced over my head. She shuddered as in her spicy juices coated my tongue stroking over her folds.

I thrust my tongue into her depths.

No wonder Mommy is so happy! she gasped. You're so good at eating pussy, Daddy! You're the best! Wow! I never thought guys were good. I'm so glad you're the first guy to eat my pussy.

First guy? Was she having sex with other girls? Did that mean she wasn't touched by some bastard? That my little girl hadn't already been spoiled by another man's cock?

I thrust my tongue into my little girl's pussy. I swirled it around in her snatch, rejoicing that I was the first guy to enter her twat. She gasped as she squeezed her thighs around my face. I felt my whiskers rubbing on her shaved folds.

Her spicy juices spilled down my chin as my tongue soaked in their incestuous delight. It was heavenly in her. I loved every second of it. My tongue danced around in her snatch. I swirled about in her, wanting to make her cum.

Just wanting to make her explode.

I flicked my tongue through her folds. I lapped at her with everything that I had. It was an incredible rush to fuck my tongue into her snatch. I flicked about in her, enjoying every second of her delightful twat.

She had a yummy cunt. I loved every second of eating her pussy. My cute daughter moaned, her round boobies jiggling over my head. She quivered as I feasted on her. I licked up her spicy cream as I stroked her pussy lips.

Yes, yes, yes, you're just the best, Daddy, she moaned, grabbing her phone. She typed something.

My computer beeped with a notification. I glanced to the side and could see her response on my comment that daddies should eat their daughters' pussies. Daddy's eating my pussy out right now, and it's amazing!

Hearts started counting up so fast as everyone was licking her post. She didn't post a picture, just talked about it. That was hot. My dick ached as I flicked my tongue into her cunt and savored dancing around in her snatch.

She whimpered as my tongue stirred her up. I soaked in her delicious juices before I flicked up to her clit. I nibbled on her bud. I loved the sounds she made as I did that. She was like my wife: so vocal. It was hot.

My cock ached in my pants as I nibbled on her bud. I swirled my tongue around her. She threw back her head, trembling on the desk. It was clear she was building toward her orgasm. I had to make her cum. 

I had to make my little girl explode.

I had no choice. She just sounded so cute as I feasted on her barely legal pussy. I suckled on her bud with hunger. I nursed on her with passion. She gasped as I did that. Her thighs clamped around my head. She trembled, her boobs jiggling.

Going to cum, Daddy! she moaned. Oh, you're so much better than a girl! Yes, yes, that's it! Oh, Daddy, that's amazing!

Her pussy juices gushed out and bathed my lips. I loved the way her cunt cream gushed out of her twat. I licked up her juices. I flicked my tongue through her folds. She trembled, her body bucking as her round tits heaved.

Daddy! Daddy! she gasped. I love you so much!

I drowned in my little girl's pussy and in her sweet words. This was the best moment in my life. I savored her moans echoing around me as I drank up all that hot cunt cream gushing out of her pussy. Her thighs gripped me as she shuddered through her orgasm.

She leaned back, panting. Her arm nudged my monitor. Her hand planted on the keyboard for a moment, the computer beeping in protest at the button combination. She pulled her hand away, quivering with delight.

Daddy! she groaned. You're amazing. I have to post this! She grabbed her phone. In moments, there was a new post: a GIF of a star exploding. Daddy made me cum so hard. It was the best orgasm I've ever had.

I grabbed my keyboard and typed as Chaz. Then you should suck his dick. Good girls always suck their daddies dicks and swallow his cum. In fact, good girls do whatever their daddies tell them to do with a smile on their face because they just want to make their daddies happy!

Oh, Chaz is such a good guy, my daughter purred as I sank back in my chair. And you're so hard, Daddy. I have to suck your dick because I'm a good girl. I just want to make you happy!

Sucking my dick will do that, I said.

She grinned at me. I've never sucked one before, but I'll figure it out. You're so worth it, Daddy!

She pulled down on my sweatpants. My cock popped out and waved before her. She grinned as she grabbed it. She stroked up and down it, pumping her hand down my shaft. I groaned at the incestuous touch of my little girl's hand.

She licked her lips as she leaned in to worship me. 

She kissed the tip of my cock. That was an incredible rush. I loved her doing that so much. I savored her smooching all over the crown of my dick. Pleasure shot down to my balls. They tightened as the bliss rushed through the rest of my body.

What a thrill to have her kissing my dick. She licked at the crown, gathering up my salty precum. I groaned at that rush. She flicked her tongue around my cock again and again. She made me shiver with delight. It was a magical moment to have her doing that.

She engulfed my cock with her hot mouth. She suckled on me with such force. I groaned as my little girl showed me just how much she loved my dick. She was so awesome at this. She was just such a wanton and loving thing.

Damn, that's good, I groaned. Oh, you're making Daddy feel so loved!

She squealed around my cock and suckled with passion.

Her pink hair swayed around her face as she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down on my dick. She knew what she was doing. She suckled with such delight on me. I groaned, my nuts tightening. I would have such a big orgasm and flood her mouth with all my jizz.

I had gone way, way, way too far. I didn't care. I needed this. Her mouth was so hot. She had worried me so much, and now she would do what I said. She would just suckled so hard on my cock and make me cum. She would swallow every drop.

Just like her mother did. Karin was such a good wife. An amazing wife.

Now that our daughter wasn't an e-whore any longer, she would become an amazing wife, too. Cooking, cleaning, sucking her man's cock, and swallowing all his cum. Unless he wanted to jizz on her face or tits or ass or belly. 

Such a good girl, I moaned. Oh, yes, yes, you're just such a good girl, Bell.

She beamed around my cock as she suckled on me. I shuddered as she nursed hard. She brought me closer and closer to eruption. Closer and closer to spurting all my cum in her mouth. I just had to get this out of my system.

Blowjobs weren't that bad. It wasn't like my dick was going into her pussy. I would be the first dick in her, though. Maybe I should be... Just to make sure it was her daddy that filled her with cum for the first time.

Shit, I groaned as my dick throbbed in her mouth. That's hot!

Could I really do it? Fuck my daughter? That would be going so far. Crossing the incest line for real. Just the idea of doing that, though, burned through me. I wanted it so much. I ached for that taboo moment. 

My orgasm swelled faster and faster in her sucking mouth. She brought me closer and closer to the bring of cumming. I hurtled toward that moment of bursting in her mouth. I shuddered with her each suckle. She loved me with that hot mouth.

It was so delightful the way she did love me. Just such a rush to have her nursing on me with that hot mouth. Her tongue danced around the crown of my dick. My hands balled up in fists as my nuts tightened.

Bell! I groaned. Oh, damn, Bell!

I erupted.

My cum fired into her hungry mouth. She groaned as my jizz splashed on the back of her mouth. She squeezed her eyes shut and swallowed. I loved it. Each taboo erupting sent ecstasy slamming through my body and crashing into my mind.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned as she gulped it all down.

I shuddered through every eruption of cum into her mouth. I filled her up with all that spunk. The ecstasy shot through me over and over again. She moaned, swallowing all the jizz. She gulped it down like her mother did.

Shit, Bell, I groaned and knew that it wasn't enough. That I needed more than a blowjob. I was too horny for it. Shit, I need to fuck that cunt now, Bell. That will really make your daddy happy.

She ripped her mouth off my dick and moaned, That'll make me happy, too! She smiled up at me with cum on her lips. Oh, I love you, Daddy!

She hopped up on my desk again, spreading her legs. I loved the side of her pussy lips parting. They dripped with her spicy juices. The memory of her flavor flooded through my mouth. My cock throbbed. I stood, thrusting my chair back, and brought my cock to between my daughter's thighs.

Ring my bell, Daddy, she purred. That's what I like to call cumming. Then she started singing that song, Ring my Bell by Anita Ward. You can ring my beeeeellll-ellll-ellll! Ring my bell!

I plunged my dick into my daughter's hot cunt.

I sank into the incestuous heaven of her pussy. I reveled in how hot and tight she was about my dick. She felt so amazing. I loved every moment of being in her cunt. She would make me cum so hard. I could just feel that she would have me bursting with jizz.

I drew back my dick and she moaned, her head leaning back. Her pink hair swayed as her pussy clung onto my dick. She massaged me with her incestuous flesh. The pleasure shot down to my nuts brimming with a new load of my seed.

I had to pull out. I couldn't cum in her.

She wrapped her thighs around my waist and pulled me back into her pussy. I groaned as I sank to the hilt in her naughty flesh. She had such an amazing cunt. She made me feel amazing. Just fantastic. I loved every second of being in her. Just every last moment of sliding into that hot flesh. 

I pumped away at her, groaning, Your pussy makes me so happy!

Oh, yay, Daddy! she squealed, her twat clamping down on me.

I pumped away at her barely legal snatch, loving every moment of plowing into her. I savored her juicy twat massaging me. Her taboo flesh made me feel amazing. I groaned, reveling in each plunge into her pussy.

My hands stroked her back as I pumped away at her. Those firm, young titties of hers bounced and jiggled as I fucked her hard. I buried to the hilt in her snatch over and over again. She had such an amazing cunt. 

I couldn't wait for all that pleasure to burst out of me. I had to be careful because I so wanted to flood her.

I had to pull out.

I had to be responsible.

I was her father.

She was my daughter who did whatever I said. She was mind-controlled by that Chaz account. 

Fuck! I groaned, fucking her harder. You would do anything to make me happy!

Yes, Daddy! she moaned as she squeezed her cunt down around my dick.

Yeah, just anything, I groaned, burying into her snatch. I fucked into her twat again and again. I pounded her so hard. So fast. I loved how she felt around my dick. Oh, yes, yes, that's just awesome. You'll do anything for me!

Yes, yes, yes! Her cunt clamped down on hard on my cock, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. Oh, Daddy, I'm going to cum so hard on your big dick. The real thing is so much better than dildos!

So much better! I groaned, hammering her hard. Yes, yes, you're a good girl, not an Instagram slut! No more OnlyFans!

No more! she gasped. I'm a good girl who wants to find a husband and make her daddy so happy!

I loved how she squeezed ow on me. It was outstanding. It brought me closer and closer to cumming. She moaned as I fucked her on my desk. It shook. My computer monitor swayed from the force of my dick plowing into my little girl's pussy.

She clamped down on me. She held me tight as I fucked into her. I buried to the hilt in her again and again, my balls slapping into her taint. That was so hot. I loved the way she clung to me. It was an incredible rush. I would burst in her.

Just explode in my little girl's cunt.

Daddy! squealed Bell as her pussy convulsed around me. Yes!

I rang her bell hard as I buried to the hilt in her snatch. Her hot flesh rippled around me. She suckled at me with taboo hunger. I pumped away at my daughter's forbidden pussy as she squealed in delight. I couldn't hold back. I had to pull out of her. I couldn't' cum in her, but...

Her thighs were locked around my waist as she gasped, Cum, Daddy! Let my pussy make you so happy!

Shit! I groaned and erupted.

My cum flooded my daughter's nubile and fertile pussy. She threw her arms around me and hugged me tight, her round boobs pressed against my chest. She kissed me as I heard the front door open. Pleasure shot through my body.

It was so incredible to have her cunt rippling around my dick. She suckled at me with such hunger. Her pussy spasmed as I dumped load after load of cum into her pussy. She clung to me as footsteps echoed through the house.

Bell! my wife shouted. Don't leave your clothes scattered about the living room!

She marched down the hallway as my daughter kissed me. I ripped my lips from hers as I erupted a last time into her fertile depths. I threw a look behind me to see my open office door. Pleasure shuddered through me as my angry wife appeared.

Karin held Bell's panties as my blood chilled while my daughter's hot cunt spasmed around my dick, her whimpers of pure rapture bursting from her lips.

My wife was about to kill me.

To be continued...