"Well your résumé is very impressive." The large, immaculately groomed interviewer staring back at her seemed too large for the desk. A bulky, thick man, he wore a crisp Armani suit that complemented his tanned skin and golden, shoulder-length hair. He was Nordic, chiseled; impressive. The curvaceous brunette squirmed in her seat. "I see you've spent several years in customer service prior to your work in education. Plus two Bachelors' and two Masters' degrees? In education and sexual psychology..." He shuffled her application and résumé. Suddenly he looked up, his head cocked to one side. The woman caught the full force of his blue stare and felt a spike inside. "Miss, may I ask? Why do you want this particular job?" Shifting slightly in his desk chair, the man took in the sight of his interviewee. Pretty thing, heavily busty and thick in the hips, waist and thighs; her hair was long. Knee length pencil skirt and conservatively buttoned blouse clung too tight to leave any of her curves to the imagination. After his question, she blushed.
"I know I must not be the usual type who comes in here," she returned, projecting confidence but remaining cautious. "I know the compensation and benefits are excellent, but this is more... a personal experiment. Plus, I find the project incredibly important. If I can help educate people this way..." she trailed off. The man regarded her with renewed interest. He'd seen any number of gorgeous women through that door, but this one...
"I see. Well, according to our records, you've been through the physical examinations, the mental wellness assessment, gotten all the inoculations, and you turned down all the elective 'aesthetic' procedures. We have your banking and insurance information ready to go. You'll be paid directly and in case of injury or disease you'll be very well taken care of, physically and financially. Do you have any questions for me?"
"Just a few. How is my day structured? What will the technology be like? Do I get a meal break? How will the clients be able to navigate the process?" Back on solid footing.
"Once the client enters the vestibule, he or she will interact with our new video interface before the door will open to let them into your chamber. Information will be given that details your specialties and preferences, as well as how to use the technology to its best effect. You will have a twenty- minute break every two hours, and access to a full restroom. You get an hour for meals, catered of course. We also provide memberships to spa and massage facilities for our employees, as we are obviously invested in your physical wellbeing. The tech you'll be using is state-of-the-art. Your workspace will be furnished comfortably and modernly for efficient cleaning and yet elegant appeal. That will take place overnight. All you have to do is arrive."
The longer this woman sat in his office the longer he wanted to press her with questions, talk her out of this, throw her over his desk and find out exactly the kind of 'personal experiment' she meant... And that would mark a lack of professionalism. He was there to put people in jobs, not preach his morality or use his power to manipulate his prospective employees. Based on how she wriggled herself and kept her hands locked on her knees, he suspected at least part of her reasons for pursuing this line of work. It wasn't his job to slight his company from willing workers in this incredibly specialized field... This woman was willing to be the first to test a new module and put herself out there. No matter his personal feelings, he had positions to fill, progress to make. The man stood. "Welcome to EroServices Limited." His open palm shot out before her. The short, busty woman took it.
"Thanks so much for the opportunity," she said, releasing her stress in a breath. Getting to her feet, she shook his hand firmly.
"You'll be contacted about your location and assignment within a week." She nodded.
"I look forward to becoming the first to undertake this momentous task."

She checked the address in her phone. This was the place. A new 'Ero-Serve' station, waiting for its... occupant. Her. She swallowed, but grasped the handle. The vestibule opened and a cheery voice greeted her. A touchscreen panel came awake in the small, closet-sized area, and she laid her flat palm upon it. A blue light scanned up, then down. Finally it turned green, and the door opened.
"Welcome, Kitten." A hollow, mechanically derived woman's voice echoed. The 'chamber' opened, sliding the touchscreen panel into the wall to let her through. Once inside, 'Kitten' surveyed her new 'office'. The decor was done in sensual black and red. Her station was larger than she'd imagined- up a short two stairs, the restraint bed was big enough for two or more. A podium stood in front of the stairs and to the left. It would be the main control for each clients' session. From the information she was sent, she knew that the booth could accommodate three clients at a time, maximum. Each session had a two-hour time limit, though she knew it was more likely she'd get visits of a few minutes to half an hour. Her station was the first of its kind, and she wondered how the advertising for it had gone.
As she stripped, shaking with anticipation and nerves, she wondered who would be coming to see her today. As per her specialties, she would never know.
'Kitten' stored her clothing in the hidden panel behind her bed. Then she activated the program to kick-start her day. The station opened at 10, but it would take a few minutes for her preset positions to be implemented. Prior to getting into the restraints she made sure her bladder was empty, her body clean, and her eyes covered. Then she lay down, allowing the automatic restraints to adjust around her wrists and ankles. The very first pose of the day would be a simple spread-eagle on her back, wrists up, blindfolded.
"Five minutes until service begins," the disembodied voice chimed. Kitten braced herself.
At ten sharp, the station opened for business. The first curious men were already lining up, some in pairs, some alone. The first client entered the vestibule alone, immediately greeted by the touch screen coming alive.
"Welcome!" it declared as he pressed the 'START' button on the screen. "Thank you for being the first visitor for Ero-Slave 'Kitten'! Please listen carefully to the following presentation." A short video started. Kitten could hear it through the door. "Kitten is a special new addition to the Ero-Serve family! Her talents are bondage, role-play, masochism and non-consent play! She responds to verbal degradation and humiliation as well! Today's goal for Kitten is to be pumped full of cum until it gushes out of her filthy pussy! Please enjoy your experience." A pop-up message she could not see lit up on the screen. It read:
KITTEN HAS NOT BEEN STIMULATED YET. INITIATE STIMULATION PRIOR TO ENTERING? Two choices then greeted the client. YES, STIMULATE NOW and NO, WILL PERFORM MANUAL STIMULATION.
"The client has requested pre-stimulation! Stimulation beginning!" The heat sensors built into her automatic unit whirred, and the woman wondered what was going to happen. She could hear machinery clicking and emerging from the side of the bed. Then she felt the touch of something cool and velvety on her clitoris. The heat sensors had targeted her hottest spots and sent out a bullet vibe to warm her up.
SWIPE CREDIT CARD NOW TO ENTER! He did, and the door beeped as it opened to let her customer through.
"So let me see this hot little piece," a voice called, approaching her. Kitten strained toward it, but obviously it did her no good.
"Welcome sir," she called, fighting the warble of her voice as the vibrator urged her arousal. "Please use my fuckhole!" The screen by her right ankle beeped.
"Please request your tools!" it said, as her client laughed to himself, small noises accompanying his selections.
"Nice jiggly bitch, good toys too," he grunted. Another pneumatic door slid open, off to the right. Kitten moaned as the vibe increased intensity. It was priming her to come, and her cunt lubricated itself copiously. As he passed, he slid his fingers into the weeping fount he was going to be possessing shortly. He drew them back and whistled appreciatively. Kitten heard a popping noise distinctly, even over the noise of the bullet driving her further toward orgasm. It was her client sucking her pussy juices off his fingers, and it made her shiver. "You taste pretty good, baby," he told her, coming back from selecting a little flogger to redden up her tits, thighs, belly and cunt for him. "Should I let that vibrator finish you off, or would you like to feel my tongue drive you over the edge?" He climbed up into the bed and got between her open thighs.
"W-whatever you like, sir," she answered, her teeth already rattling at the edge of orgasm. One hand clamped down on her right tit. The other got a light lash from the mini flogger. "Oh God!" she moaned.
"I think I like the way you sound right now, you dirty slut." He plucked the tip of her right breast as he began flogging her body, creating red stripes across her milky skin. The pain amplified her pleasure. "Are you going to cum?"
"Y-y-yesss!" she shrieked, writhing on the bed.
"Good." He leaned back, on his knees, and rained the tails across her flesh. Thin red welts rose on her thighs, on her tits- he flogged along the insides of her legs, close to her pussy, and it sent her screaming over the edge at last.
"God sir, I'm cumming!" Waves of pleasure seized her body and sent her pussy muscles spasming hard. The man grinned, unseen, above her. He kept up his striking until the vibrator moved from her clitoris and retracted as the peak of her climax wound down. He threw the mini flogger aside.
"Nice and wet for me now, aren't you, filthy slut?" Kitten heard the sound of a zipper opening. "Beg me for it." Wild with need, she writhed underneath him.
"Oh please sir! Please shove your cock in my filthy fuckhole!" Kitten was only one man in, and already feeling exactly what she'd feared. A profound craving for debasement and the cocks of strange men she couldn't even see. Her client pressed the naked head of his prick to her dripping hole.
"Dirty bitch. Fucking whore." He drove himself inside her with a smooth thrust, and she howled. "Oh yeah, you hot-pussy slut. Gonna fuck you full of cum. I'll have to come back later and see how many loads get left in your pussy today. Would you like that, you fucking slutty cumdump?" The man began to pound her, letting brutal thrusts fall to the back of her cunt. Her hips bucked against him with her delight.
"Ohhh yesss!" she hissed, taking his hard fucking with glee. "Please, please!" Her guest grunted, sliding his cock deep and drawing back out to slam deep inside her again. He twisted her nipples with his fingers and fell on her neck to bite her there. She thrashed against him, her whole body responding. "Oh oh oh oh oh oh!" As he drove himself inside, over and over, her g-spot screamed its joy and begged for more. Bucking against her restraints, Kitten met his thrusts with her own upward curling. This anonymous act of prostitution had opened the floodgates within her. It wasn't the money that drove her into it. It was the sheer heat seated so low in her body. It was the glorious burn of being used roughly by an unseen stranger. "Please sir, please! Dump your sperm in my filthy, ravenous pussy!" Though these "relief stations" came equipped with condoms and were available upon demand, she knew the risks and hadn't mandated them for the use of her body. There was nothing more she wanted than to be a fucktoy, full of cum and ridden hard. The deliciousness of her debasement was a most worthwhile prize.
After a few minutes of steady, merciless fucking, her client seized between her thighs and let loose several shots of his thick cream into her desperate heat. He ground and jolted inside her, lost in the helplessness of his orgasm, and she took every drop.
When it was over he slid out, soft, but most content to watch his liquid ooze from her twat and stain the surface of the bed beneath her.
"T-thank you for using me, sir," she said, trying not to go all mush-mouthed. "Please leave a tally mark on my thigh before you go! I hope you enjoyed my service." Panting heavily, she felt the man grip her leg. A marker sat within easy reach, and he uncapped it with a satisfying click. Seconds later the fine, damp tip met her flesh and she felt the ink do its job. The first mark appeared and let the world know her first load was all thanks to him.
"You have a nice little pussy, slut," the man told her, putting the marker away. "I'll definitely be using you again." She remained lying in place as the now-satisfied client replaced the mini flogger he'd used and went to the terminal to close out his session.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS! The monitor declared. IF YOU ENJOYED YOUR SERVICE, PLEASE CONSIDER A 'TIP'! A new pop-up rose, declaring GIVE KITTEN AN ORGASM while another said WAIT FOR THE NEXT GUEST TO GIVE HER TWO. The man chuckled. He left her screaming in pleasure as the machine began to vibe her again.
Kitten's first two hours were busy. They never ceased coming, in all senses. Her second cock of the day marched in just as soon as he could. The booth would not admit a new client until the previous had left, and he'd been rabid to get inside. Without even looking at the secondary monitor, he pounded his way straight up to her on the bed, undoing his pants.
"Welcome!" she gasped out, still coming down from the orgasm she'd been given, "Please use my-" before she could even finish her greeting, he was on the bed, between her legs, already plunging inside. "F-fuckhole!" she cried in pleasure.
"Shut up and just take it, you cunt. I don't need the fucking ceremony." The only response Kitten gave was a mewl of need, and he began his use. He fucked her fast and hard, gripping her ass for leverage. She did not speak, but could not help her cries, and that seemed to be enough for him. "Yeah, take it. Fucked up slut. You like this cock? Yeah you sick bitch. You fucking love this cock." Kitten was lost in a tide of pleasure, so overwhelming and maddening even without release. She knew some men would take their time, explore her and live out their fantasies on her body. She knew some men would fuck her like just another EroDrone companion, her sex little more than a masturbatory aid. She also expected at least one or two who would use her like a victim, rather than a specialized sexual therapist (as she considered herself, taking this job) just as she was using them to make her feel like one.
This man almost made her feel completely degraded. Almost, but not quite enough. Used, treated like meat, yes, oh yes. But not completely degraded.
Kitten howled against him as he climaxed, speared to the deepest part of her pussy, and took his cum with possessive need. As much as every man who fucked her today believed he was in command, it was always she who really was. And it was all for a greater experiment- all for a better understanding of herself.
When the man had added his dose to her snatch, he pulled back and looked down at the mess he made.
"You're a crazy bitch," he laughed. "Good thing for you I like bitches crazy. If you survive I'll be back to fuck your filthy cunt again." He leaned down and stroked her cheek gently. It made her shiver; the intimate, affectionate touch cut the heart of her expectations from this guest, and defied her hypothesis.
"Thank you, sir. Please leave a tally mark for me to remember." Grinning, as she could not see, he left the line on her thigh. On his way out the screen dinged. The same choice as before.
"Why don't you remember me a little longer and wait for your orgasm? I want you to still be feeling my cock when the next one slides in." The screen beeped, and he departed, Kitten shivered, awaiting the next.
Her first two hours she was visited by eight different men, and took eight different cocks in her twat, eight different loads of sperm. She was brought to orgasm multiple times by most of them; over the course of the day she'd lost count how many. Her pussy was in a state of constant arousal, so ferocious even eight cocks in two hours didn't seem like enough. Her terminal gave her last guest a fifteen minute warning, and began projecting the next hour the building would open again to the clientele outside. Kitten writhed against the man ramming into her and clenched her inner muscles to spur his orgasm into her cervix. They thrashed together until he roared and released his spunk into her hole, where several others had already gone. Kitten fell back, panting.
"Thank you for using me," she gasped. "Please leave your tally!" Her client added another mark. Then he spanked her thigh.
"You must be nuts, girl." He prompted the terminal to give her another orgasm, and watched her shriek it out before he left.
Once Kitten was alone the terminal shut to the outside world. Her restraints snapped open and she rolled. Wobbly, Kitten rose to her feet. She stretched her limbs and loosened her frame. The hidden locker behind the bed popped open, and she crawled across the soft surface to dig into it. Retrieving her digicom recorder, she pressed the button.
"The first two hours are completed. I was visited by eight men, and fucked once by each man. I received semen from each of them." Sitting on the edge, her naked body weary and still aflame, she stretched out her thighs and legs individually. "Initial observations... Most of the men seemed to have positive attitudes about the experience, and none of them were cruel. This has so far exceeded my expectations." She stood, and walked toward a small opening that had popped to reveal water and a protein bar. The door to her suite's private bathroom also opened on the left, behind the terminal. She used the bathroom first, emptying her bladder and washing herself up a bit. Today's goal was to show extensive evidence of her use, so she took painstaking care to preserve what she'd taken already. Her hands and face she washed well, and returned to her snack, refreshed. "My own reaction to the events has been... staggering. I should be sore, and incapable of wanting more. However I am engorged in arousal so intense it's painful. Even this brief respite seems like torture." Bringing one free hand down to her swollen clitoris and labia, Kitten winced. Even the slightest touch sent painful need through her. She could feel the impacts of each cock in her pussy still. They'd been rough, they'd been tender. Fast, slow, deep, shallow. And it wasn't enough. Still not enough.
Well, the question was, how long could she endure?
Her next two hours passed in a flurry of visits, all men looking to release a little stress on a warm body. The lunch-hour crowd, she thought of them. Fifteen cocks during those two hours, all of them furious and quick. She was posed on her hands and knees, taking shot after shot of cum. It created a waterfall of translucent fluid all down the backs of her thighs. These men were less generous than the first batch, granting orgasms when the terminal demanded it and simply using her and leaving. They left their tallies on her body and moved on.  
Kitten enjoyed this still, feeling her degradation more acutely during that period than before.
Her lunch hour took place after that, and she dined very well indeed upon a selection of fresh produce, deli sliced meats and cheeses, fresh rolls, juice, and water. When full she stretched again, recorded the next set of her findings, and waited.
The afternoon hours were spent with the more 'interesting' men, at least sexually, she thought. She had only three men during her third two hour chunk. All of them took time drawing attention to her every curve, her every sensation. Two men were her entire first hour. They used almost every impact toy provided in the closet, and they took her vaginally and anally at once. They did not just make her gasp and moan, they made her scream, driving her to climax several times before both of them spent. She lost all control with those two men, begging them for more punishment and fucking and she was left barely awake at their departure. The third man spent his time caressing and touching, whispering softly and driving his prick into her body agonizingly slowly. Her mewls for him were like music, and when he finally added his essence to her pussy, she was on the verge of weeping.
26 tallies on her skin. Though bedraggled and exhausted, she still felt unsated, and began to cry to herself, angrily, during the third break. Only two hours left.
Kitten was ready to finish what she started by the time the final two hours arrived. The terminal beeped, allowing her guest to enter.
"Your client has paid for your remaining time!" Kitten, sprawled on her belly with her hips propped up by a cushion in the bed, picked up her head in curiosity. The door slid open to let him in.
"Welcome! Please use my fuckhole!" There was no response. A body climbed into her bed and leaned forward, almost covering, but not crushing, hers. Bracing herself for the feel of another cock, she was surprised, instead, when a pair of hands reached to her head and stripped away the blindfold she'd worn for her service. "Ah, sir! You're not allowed..." She blinked as light filtered through, and she absorbed the sight of her visitor. He sat back after the blindfold was gone. It was that guy... The one who'd interviewed her for this job!
"I know, 'Kitten'. I'm breaking a lot of rules right now." She tensed up.
"What are you doing here?" she choked out.
"I couldn't help myself. Ever since you planted this lush ass in my office I've been thinking about you. Why you volunteered for this. So how's it been?"
Trembling, she looked up at him, and watched his eyes count the tally on her leg.
"My expectations were... exceeded." She swallowed. "Both for myself and my clients." He caressed her thigh, surveying the mess in her cunt. The mess he was going to finish. "You shouldn't be here."
"I know." He drawled, moving his fingers up between her thighs. "You read your contract; you know I'm not supposed to make use of any employee I help hire. But I saw you squirming in your seat and I read your file. Everything that I'm going to do to you right now is because you put yourself here. You do have a choice. You can report me when I'm done, and I'll be fucked. It's the gamble I'm willing to take to have you."
"You must have balls of steel, sir," Kitten responded, her body reacting harshly. "But I must be crazy too..." it wasn't like she hadn't devoured him with her eyes, all 6 foot whatever of solid muscle and playful blond surfer appeal. "I could call for a stop right now, and you know it." His eyes flashed.
"You're not going to?"
"You haven't hurt me. I want to see what you're planning... Then I'll decide what happens."
"Deal." He pressed his hand upward, in between her legs. Her soaked cunt was hot as hell under his touch. Three of his fingers plunged inside, and his other hand began stroking over her clitoris. "Everything I do to you from here is exactly what you came here for." Kitten shivered.
"I know."
For two hours, he drove the object of his obsession wild with pleasure. She climaxed five times before he even touched her with his cock, and when he finally brought his thick, salt-tasting head to her lips, it was too much. It was pure ecstasy. Kitten drank his cum once and got another orgasm. Then he spanked her ass with his bare hands, setting her skin aglow. When he finally thrust into the entrance of her pussy she was so soaked he could barely feel her friction. So, to compensate, he fucked her hard and deep, much to her delight. The passion he poured into her along with his seed was so perfect, so fulfilling. When he finally let her go she was limp, sore and sated. Twenty seven cocks. One day's work. Her body was drained, when the restraints let her go at the completion of the day. He was still there.
"So?" he asked hoarsely. "What's the verdict?"
"My lips are sealed," she said, panting.
"Good." He slapped her ass one more time. "Then I'll be back to visit you every day, during your last two hours. Then maybe we can talk about what drove you here in the first place, huh?"
"I think I'd like that," she said at last.