TALES FROM A COUNTRY ESTATE

By Dickins

Chapter 8, Cruel Offerings

A dark and sadistic tale set in England.

Lady Marlborough stood at the dining room window after what had
been a very pleasant lunch and proudly watched as her carriage
carrying Miss Jenkins on her first visit to Hillcroft orphanage
made its way over the stone bridge and out through the east gate.

Her association with Hillcroft, a small but ideally situated
orphanage for girls, started when her husband became a
benefactor. In return Mrs Turner the Matron, a cruel and astute
woman, would oblige him by sending little tarts to pleasure and
entertain them and their guests. Not wanting to lose the special
relationship they had she became a benefactress herself on his
death and through her generosity and guidance has had a marked
influence on the orphanages day to day regime.

Some examples of note would be that Mrs Turner adopted the sailor
uniform for her charges along with coloured ribbons in their hair
to denote their length of stay and entertainment experience and a
much stricter regime of genital hygiene and punishment.

***

As they approached the orphanage the driver turned off the
country lane and through an archway where the gatekeeper waved
him on and he followed a long tree lined drive until he came to
the main building, but to Janes surprise he then steered the
Brougham around the back where it was slowed by several other
carriages.

Set well back from the surrounding country lanes Hillcroft was
made up of several brick buildings and had plenty of space around
the back near the stables to accommodate all the horses and
carriages. Jane could not help but compare it to St Agathas, but
although it was smaller, in her mind that only made it all the
more quaint.

As she waited she saw from her carriage window both men and women
alighting their carriages and disappearing through the
Tradesmans entrance something that intrigued her.

Her journey, which she had been assured would be a short one
would have been quite uneventful, that is, had it not been for
the broken braces on the Brougham which had caused havoc with the
rubber cock she was wearing. Retrieving the carpetbag that her
mistress always kept in her carriage to abuse the little darlings
travelling with her she alighted as carefully as she could to
avoid the rubber cock causing her to become any more flushed than
she was already, something that did not go unnoticed by the woman
waiting to greet her.

Welcome to Hillcroft! You must be Miss Jenkins, the woman said,
the crest on the carriage door reassuring her that she had indeed
got the right name.

Thank you! My name is Jane and I am here to see Mrs Turner,
Jane replied.

I am sorry but Mrs Turner is busy at the moment, but she has
told me to tell you that she has received your mistresss note
and she is expecting you. It is just that Lady Ambrose, one of
our benefactors and her friend have arrived without an
appointment and because they can be demanding of her time she has
asked me to offer you some refreshment and to keep you
entertained until she is free to see you, the woman explained.

Thank you! Tell me why did my driver use the Tradesmans
entrance? Jane asked.

Well! It is considered the best way to access the building
without being seen. There is another entrance further along but
Mrs Turner insists that it is only used for visitors taking the
girls out or returning them. You see, to the girls a carriage at
the tradesmens entrance means goods being delivered, but a
carriage at the front means a visitor or visitors and the
excitement of being taken out or even being taken away, Daisy
explained.

I see! Jane replied.

My name is Miss Hemmings but you my call me Daisy. Follow me,
she said, the expression on her face indicating that she had
every reason to believe that it was not just the heat of the
carriage that had caused her guest to become so flushed.

Jane followed her along several corridors and was delighted to
see that she had a dog whip dangling from her waist, but to her
disappointment, whether it was that particular part of the
building or perhaps the thickness of the walls, she could not
hear any little darlings being abused, something that she had
been led to believe was rife at Hillcroft.

Tell me! Is there a reason why I cannot hear any of the little
darlings being abused? Jane asked.

Well now! I do like a woman who gets straight to the point. The
reason why you cannot hear any of the little darlings, as you
call them, being abused is because of the thickness of the walls.
However, at this time of the day any girls that are still on the
premises and are not entertaining are being taught by Miss Brown
in the schoolroom which is over in the main building, Daisy
explained.

You have a schoolroom? Jane asked.

Oh yes! We receive many requests for our charges to be allowed
out for the day or even for the weekend and they are all destined
for domestic service, so Mrs Turner insists that they receive a
good all round education and are taught to please others and to
do as they are told, Daisy explained.

I am led to believe that abuse is rife here. Is that correct?
Jane asked.

Oh yes! I can assure you that all the staff here take every
opportunity to abuse their charges as they carry out their
duties, but the time when it is most prolific is during their
morning ablutions. Because it is never known when the girls will
be required to entertain Mrs Turner always insists on a high
standard of genital hygiene. For the girls, this means a strict
regime of vaginal douches and enemas which are always repeated if
it is known that they have been requested to entertain. But for
the staff, due to the number of girls the abuse they inflict can
often be frustratingly fleeting, Daisy explained.

I see! What about Miss Brown? Jane asked.

Oh! She does punish her pupils in the schoolroom but prefers to
wait until she takes them to the punishment room where she can
take her time to really abuse them, Daisy explained.

You have a punishment room? Jane asked.

Oh yes! It is very popular with our benefactors and as a result
it is not only well-equipped but it has spyholes to watch the
punishments and grilles to hear the screams and like all the
rooms here it has an interconnecting corridor to help protect
their privacy. At this time, when lessons are just about to
finish, there is always a scramble as you will have noticed as
you arrived to find the best place to watch and listen as Miss
Brown teaches her naughty pupils some quite different lessons,
Daisy explained.

Different lessons? Jane enquired.

Yes! Unlike the schoolroom where lessons are educational.
Lessons in the punishment room are punitive. As you can imagine
she has to be innovative in order to satisfy her audience, but it
does mean that she has much more time to abuse her pupils,
especially as there is an infirmary for them to be taken to
afterwards, Daisy said.

You have an infirmary? Jane enquired.

You sound surprised, Daisy said.

Oh! It is just that Hillcroft is not all that large and I just
wondered if there was enough room for such a facility here, Jane
replied.

Oh yes! Like the punishment room, the infirmary is not only well
equipped but it is very popular with our benefactors who use the
spyholes to enjoy watching Nurse Jones and her assistants apply
healing salves to the poor little darlings wounds, Daisy
explained.

Healing salves? Jane said, her voice betraying her excitement.

Oh yes! They were introduced to Mrs Turner by your mistress and
comes in the form of creams that are rubbed into their bottoms,
thighs and genitals to ensure that any wounds heal as quickly as
possible, Daisy explained.

I see! My mother is a nurse and I am often called upon to help
her in our infirmary. It was her who concocted the recipe and
then passed it on to my mistress. It would seem that we use the
salves for the same purpose and I would be interested in seeing
just how Nurse Jones and her assistants apply them and how the
poor darlings react to the searing heat, Jane said.

Searing heat! Daisy said.

Oh yes! The beauty of my mothers recipe is that in order for
the salves to work they have to be applied liberally and with
gloves. Although it does have the desired effect, the searing
heat, especially when rubbed directly into their genitals causes
the patient to writhe uncontrollably and as a result it is nearly
always necessary to tie them down and to whip them in order to
calm them down, Jane explained.

Does it? Daisy asked.

Does it what? Jane asked.

Calm them down? Daisy asked.

No! But it is most enjoyable to watch them being whipped, Jane
explained.

Later, if you want, we can go and see which little tart has been
chosen to entertain Lady Ambrose and her friend. Then we can go
and watch Miss Brown teach her pupils some different lessons in
the punishment room and then go to the infirmary to see how Nurse
Jones and assistants set about applying those healing salves
here, Daisy suggested.

Oh yes! Do you know what sort of entertainment Lady Ambrose and
her friend are expecting Mrs Turner to provide for them? Jane
asked.

Well now! I understand that her friend is a Governess and Lady
Ambrose has a penchant for watching her administer nursery
discipline. I also know that this not the first time that she has
brought her friend or the first time she has arrived without an
appointment, Daisy explained.

I see! Tell me if Lady Ambrose has arrived without an
appointment how can she possibly be certain that Mrs Turner is
going to find a suitable little darling for her friend to
discipline at such short notice? Jane asked.

Oh! Thats easy. Mrs Turner is very resourceful and there are
girls of the age that Lady Ambrose likes who the staff for some
reason or other have not had time to discipline. Lady Ambrose is
a generous benefactor so nothing is too much trouble for her and
a parade of naughty little girls who have not yet been
disciplined is arranged for her to choose from, Daisy explained.

A parade! Jane said excitingly.

Yes! She is very particular about which poor little darling she
chooses so Mrs Turner always parades as many girls of the age she
likes that have yet to be disciplined and allows her question,
humiliate and inspect them until she decides which one she wants
to entertain her. I happen to know that Mrs Turner is very fond
of the way her friend disciplines them and the way in which her
ladyship soothes them afterwards, Daisy explained, with a smile.

Soothes them! Jane said.

Yes! She has a unique way of soothing them after her friend has
finished disciplining them, Daisy explained.

What do you mean? Jane asked.

Well! That would be telling, so let us just wait and see. Tell
me what brings you to Hillcroft? Daisy asked, curious that
anyone would travel without a good reason, especially in an
enclosed carriage on a summers afternoon.

Well! Lady Marlborough is organising a special birthday party
for a little girl called Alice, Jane explained.

Why special? Daisy asked.

Well! Normally, there would be nothing special about organising
a birthday party for a little girl, but on this occasion there
is, because my mistress only found out about it yesterday. Never
the one to miss an opportunity to reward her staff for their
loyalty, she suggested to Alices mother about having the party
at Marlborough Hall tomorrow afternoon which she eagerly
accepted, Jane explained.

How old will Alice be? Daisy asked.

Eight Jane replied.

There will be refreshments and plenty of games, but mark my
words, it will be the adults who will be having all the fun. That
is why I am here to see Mrs Turner to arrange for a couple of
suitable little tarts her age to be escorted to Marlborough Hall
to ensure that the party appears as normal as possible, Jane
explained.

Suitable! Daisy said with a frown.

Well! My mistress made it quite clear that they should both be
attractive and willing to please and if possible unblemished,
Jane explained.

Well now! From what you have said I do not think that you will
have any problem finding a couple of suitable little tarts, as
you call them, so I suggest that when you see Mrs Turner that you
ask her about the Appleby sisters. They only arrived a week ago
and you can take it from me they are adorable and because she
insists that all new arrivals are treated lightly for the first
week they will not only have unblemished skin but they will also
be deliciously vulnerable, Daisy said, with a smile.

What are they names? Jane asked.

Rose and Sarah, Daisy replied.

Thank you! Jane said.

Flushed as she was, Jane was in dire need of some refreshment and
although she wanted to get down to the business of finding a
couple a fresh little tarts for Alices party that would have to
wait. When she was led into a parlour her opinion of the woman
changed. Although the room was not large it was uncluttered.
There was a comfortable chair, three armless chairs, a large
table which had been laid out with refreshments and a smaller
table over by the window. There were also two adjustable mirrors
on stands that were being used to reflect the afternoon sun into
the room and a clothes stand by the wall.

Please take a seat and make yourself comfortable, Daisy said.

Jane did as she was told, but she found it difficult to sit down
with any finesse with the rubber cock inserted in her cunt,
especially as her bottom sank deeper into the chair than it did
into the carriage seat.

You seem to be having some difficulty my dear, Daisy said, with
a smile.

Oh! It is nothing. It is just something that Lady Marlborough
introduced me to, to make visits like this one enjoyable, Jane
replied, placing the carpetbag down next to the chair.

I see! Are you wearing a rubber cock as well? Daisy asked.

Yes! But I dont understand. How can you tell? Jane asked.

Your face is flushed and you are having some difficulty making
yourself comfortable, Daisy said.

Oh! Jane replied.

Think nothing of it my dear. Mrs Turner insists that all her
female staff wear one and says that the pleasure it gives helps
to double their efforts and rewards their enthusiasm, Daisy
explained. From experience I can say that it is certainly true,
Jane replied with a smile, hoping that she would reap the
benefits of wearing such a cumbersome thing this afternoon.

Are you more comfortable now? Daisy asked.

Yes! Jane replied.

Now! Perhaps you would like some refreshments? Daisy asked.

Yes! That would be most welcome, Jane replied.

Very well! Daisy said.

Drawing back a thick curtain which hid the pantry she revealed a
young girl dressed in a maids uniform waiting to serve them. The
curtain had ensured that she had not overheard their intimate
conversations, but had made the poor girl nervous and unsure as
to what to expect now that there were two mistresses to serve.

This is Amy Harper. She arrived a couple of weeks ago after the
death of her Aunt, her parents having died in a tragic carriage
accident some time ago and I have been assigned the task of
training her for domestic service, something that all the girls
here at Hillcroft her age undergo, but it is proving difficult
because she is very clumsy and has much to learn, is that not
correct? Miss Hemmings teased.

Yes Miss! Amy replied.

This is Miss Jenkins, Miss Hemmings announced.

How old are you girl? Jane asked.

Twelve, Miss! Amy replied, curtsying as she had been taught.

You look most fetching in your maids uniform, Jane said.

Thank you, Miss, Amy replied.

Thats enough of your vanity girl! Serve the refreshments, Miss
Hemmings barked.

The distance from where the maid was to the table was not that
far, but it was a still a daunting task for the poor darling to
carry the tray of china crockery without dropping it. The women
watched as she made an attempt at serving them but could not help
being entertained by the poor girls lack of coordination and
finesse which inevitably led to her spilling some of the tea.

Now! Before I left, what did I say would happen if you were to
let me down in front of our guest? Miss Hemmings barked,
unhooking the dog whip from her waist and running it menacingly
through her fingers.

That I would be whipped, Miss, Amy whimpered.

That is correct! Now serve the refreshments, Miss Hemmings
ordered.

The women watched the girls every move hoping that they might
put her off, such was their desire to see her punished, and it
was not long before she  dropped one of the china cups on the
floor.

You clumsy girl! What did I say would happen if you embarrassed
me in front of my guest? Miss Hemmings asked.

That I would be whipped, Miss, Amy replied.

Where? Miss Hemmings asked abruptly.

On my bottom and thighs Miss, Amy whimpered.

That is correct! Now get down on your hands and knees and start
picking up the pieces, Miss Hemmings ordered.

As Amy knelt down on her hands and knees to pick up the pieces,
the hem of her uniform lifted to reveal that she was not wearing
undergarments, which gave them both a tantalising view of her
lovely pale bottom and thighs and the red hue of her delicious
cunt and anus demonstrating clearly just how thorough the staff
had been with her morning ablutions.

Miss Jenkins! Do you think that this clumsy maid deserves to be
whipped? Miss Hemmings asked, lifting the hem of her uniform
further up the girls back so that her guest could have a much
better view of her lovely charms.

Please Miss! I am sorry, Amy whimpered.

Be quite child! Miss Hemmings barked.

I am not sure! It would be a shame to cut into such a lovely
bottom and thighs. Perhaps instead, we could both spank her and
then let her have the opportunity to prove to us both that she
has learnt her lesson, Jane said with a smile, delighted that
knowing that she was visiting this afternoon, the woman had
resisted punishing the maid which meant that her lovely pale
skinned bottom and thighs were almost blemish free.

Thats sounds most interesting. Do you have experience in such
matters? Daisy enquired.

Oh yes! I am often called upon by my mother, who is a nurse, to
help her with her charges, whether it is by abusing them to
entertain her ladyship and her guests or by abusing them under
the pretext of caring for them in the infirmary afterwards. I
have in the carpetbag several implements that we can use to
punish this clumsy girl and I have an idea how we might do it to
our mutual satisfaction, Jane replied, finding it difficult not
let her lust for the pretty little darling soak her rubber cock.

Very well! Now get up and serve the refreshments properly, or it
will more than a spanking that your bottom and thighs will be
getting, do you hear me girl? Miss Hemmings ordered.

Yes Miss! Amy replied.

Not wanting to make the situation worse Amy served them the
refreshments, the threat of the spanking focusing her efforts and
ensuring that she did it properly much to her mistresses
disappointment. However, just because she had been able to serve
the refreshments properly it did not mean that she would be
excused the pain and humiliation of the double spanking much to
her mistresses delight.

Well done! Would you like some lemonade? Miss Hemmings asked.

Oh! Yes please, Miss Amy replied.

Very well! But just because you served the refreshments properly
this time it does not excuse you from the spanking, do you hear
me? Miss Hemmings explained as she poured the special lemonade
into a large glass.

Yes, Miss, Amy replied.

Jane watched mesmerised as Amy gulped down all the special
lemonade unaware that the concoction would render her unable to
resist. From experience she also knew that one of the effects of
the lemonade would be to make the girl sexually aroused and she
intended to make sure that during her spanking the girls frantic
struggles would cause their rubber cocks to reward them both well
for their efforts.

Let me help you my dear, Miss Hemmings said.

Thank you, Miss Amy replied.

Jane watched with delight as the special concoction started to
take effect and Amy became unsteady on her feet. Miss Hemmings
decided to help her to clear the table, not only to ensure that
there were no more breakages, but more importantly, to keep her
out of the way as Miss Jenkins arranged the furniture for her
spanking.

Let me know when you are ready, Daisy shouted from the pantry
as she closed the curtain and helped the child to wash, dry and
put away the china.

I will, Jane said.

Clearing a space in front of the window she moved the two mirror
stands so that they stood apart but pointed into the room. From
experience, she knew that the light would reflect the childs
bottom and thighs in the mirrors. She then placed the two armless
chairs so they were the same distance apart as the mirrors but
facing towards the windows, then placed the carpetbag on the
table which she placed between the two armless chairs.

Ready! Jane announced, moving the other armless chair over by
the window for Amy to use when she was brought out.

Now listen! You are to sit on this stool until I return, do you
hear me? Miss Hemmings said, concerned not only that the
lemonade would render her unable to stand without help, but that
if she were to fall it would impair her lovely pale skin.

Yes, Miss, Amy replied.

Leaving Amy in the pantry and drawing the curtain behind her
Daisy returned to the parlour eager to see just what Jane had
planned. At first, she could not see the relevance of the way
Jane had placed the mirrors and the chairs but was nevertheless
delighted to discover that Amys spanking was going to be very
different to the ones she would normally metered out.

Lucky to have more time to abuse the girl, she was also delighted
to have found in Jane a likeminded woman who shared her passion.
So keeping their conversation to a whisper so that Amy would not
be able to hear, they set about discussing the double spanking in
more detail.

Tell me! Why have you placed the chairs facing the windows and
the mirrors facing the room? Daisy whispered. Well! That is so
whichever way we make her face, either towards us or away from
us, we will both be able to see her bottom and thighs being
spanked in the mirrors, Jane whispered.

I see! Daisy replied.

Now! It is time for us to choose the implements that we are
going to use for Amys spanking, Jane announced, opening the
carpetbag so Daisy could see inside.

Jane knew that she had permission to use them at Hillcroft and
had already started to devise a plan for their use. Besides
implements of cruelty there were items of persuasion, restraint
and those of a soothing nature, all of which had been chosen by
Lady Marlborough for no other purpose than to use on the poor
little darlings who are unfortunate enough to journey with her in
the Brougham.

This one! Daisy said excitedly picking up a well-worn
hairbrush.

Why a hairbrush? Jane asked.

Oh! That is because I was always spanked with a hairbrush as a
child and I remember the searing pain, especially from the
bristle side, and I want her bottom and thighs to feel what I
felt, Daisy explained.

What about you! Daisy asked, delighted that her guest wanted to
involve her in her games.

This one! Jane said, picking up a leather strap.

Why a strap? Daisy enquired.     

Because I want her bottom and thighs to feel as if they are on 
fire, Jane said.

I see! Daisy said with a smile.

Now! Go and remove her uniform and rub this into her bottom,
thighs and genitals until she becomes aroused. Then place this
over her eyes when you are satisfied that she is ready and bring
her over to this chair, Jane whispered, handing her a bottle of
oil, a towel and a blindfold from the table.

Oil? Daisy enquired.

Yes! A well-oiled bottom, thighs and genitals will make the
spanking much more painful for her and ensure that we do not have
to assert ourselves to satisfy our passions, Jane explained.

It would seem that you are experienced when it comes to making
sure that the poor darlings are not only punished but give
satisfaction in return, Daisy said.

Oh yes! Now I think it is time for Amy to help us satisfy our
passions, Jane announced.

Why the blindfold? Daisy asked.

Well! If we are going to avoid getting the oil on our clothes
then we are going to have to remove them, besides there is
nothing quite like the feel of naked flesh against naked flesh
and having her wear a blindfold will not only make her
disorientated but will also protect our privacy. Oh! Do not
forget to use the towel to wipe your hands before you bring her
out, Jane explained.

Ok! I will go and prepare her now, Daisy replied, quickly
scurrying off to the pantry the excitement in her voice betraying
her growing desire to fondle and abuse her charge.
After replacing the items that were left into the carpetbag Jane
placed the hairbrush under the right chair and the strap under
the left chair and then placed the carpetbag under the table
before going to the pantry to watch Amys preparation.

Daisy left the curtain open this time and although not large the
pantry did have enough space and the light from the skylight and
a small window at the back was sufficient to illuminate the
proceedings much to Janes delight.

Stand! Miss Hemmings barked, moving the stool so that the
clumsy girl would not fall over it.

I am sorry, Amy whimpered.

Not as sorry as are going to be if you do not address me
correctly, Miss Hemmings replied, part of her wanted to fondle
her and the other to whip her, but knowing that she could do both
without retribution only served to fuel her lust for the pretty
little maid.

I am sorry Miss, Amy whimpered.

Remove your uniform, Miss Hemmings ordered.

Amy did as she was told knowing full well the consequences if did
not obey her mistress. Although it was not her first time being
naked in front of Miss Hemmings it was the first time in front
of Miss Jenkins which made her blush.

Jane could not help but drool over Amys beauty and compared her
with Polly Tomkins the little maid that Mrs Asher often brought
to the infirmary after being punished. Although Amy was a little
bit older and slightly bit taller than Polly the differences were
minimal. They both had long hair, scrubbed faces, pert little
breasts and nipples, sturdy thighs, firm little bottoms, pouting
cunts and tight puckered anuses just ripe for ravishing.

It was then that Jane remembered that her mistress had mentioned
that Mrs Asher was looking for another parlour maid and it
occurred to her that Amy would be ideal as she was attractive,
obedient and willing to please. This was definitely something
that she needed to speak to Mrs Turner about but for now her
thoughts turned to the poor little darling nervously standing
naked in the pantry.

Now listen! You are to stand on this stool and do exactly as you
are told, do you understand? Miss Hemmings barked, moving the
stool into the centre of the pantry.

Yes, Miss, Amy replied.

Daisy helped Amy up onto the stool so that she faced away from
Jane, the special lemonade making it necessary for her to support
her until she was able to gain her balance. Made of solid oak the
low rectangular pantry stool had a nonslip surface and was ideal
for the purpose as it ensured that the poor darling could turn
around and stand with her thighs wide apart without slipping off.
Another advantage of course was that Daisy could apply the oil
without having to bend unnecessarily.

Move your feet apart, Daisy ordered.

Amy hesitantly moved her feet apart unsure just how far her
mistress wanted them to be only to find out the hard way.

Further! Miss Hemmings said, moving her feet to the edges of
the stool and smacking her bottom and thighs for a good few
moments which made the child whimper.

Please, Miss, Amy cried.

Be quite! Miss Hemmings said with a sly smile that only Jane
could see.

Satisfied, Daisy stood to the left of the stool so that Jane
could have an uninterrupted view and slowly rubbed the oil into
her now sore bottom and then dribbled the oil down her anal
crease.

Now! Place your hands on your knees, Miss Hemmings ordered.

As Amy bent forward her bottom cheeks parted and the oil trickled
over her anus and down onto her cunt but her mistress ignored
this and moved swiftly onto the backs of her thighs.

Stand up and turn around, Miss Hemmings ordered.

Amy did as she was told but needed some help to turn, but once in
position facing Jane her mistress rubbed the oil into the top
half of the front of her thighs. Jane could not help noticing the
way that the girl started to fidget and gyrate her bottom back
and forth as the oil in her anal crease began to itch.

Please Miss! Amy whimpered.

Ignoring her pleading, Daisy rubbed the oil into her pert little
breasts stopping only when her nipples became hard. Then moving
to the right hand side of the stool she coated her hands with oil
then placed her left hand over Amys cunt and her right hand
between her bottom cheeks. After what seemed to be a long pause
which made Amy sigh her mistress started to use her fingers too
slowly but methodically massage the oil into her cunt and anus
which brought the tart up onto her toes. Whether it was her
fingers, the special lemonade or perhaps a combination of both,
it did not matter, Amy was starting to show signs of arousal and
she deemed it time to stop.

Please! Amy whimpered.

Please what? Miss Hemmings barked, smacking the fronts of the
tarts thighs to punish her insolence.

Please Miss! Amy whimpered.

Tell me! Did you enjoy that? Miss Hemmings asked.

Please Miss! I am sorry, Amy pleaded. Answer my question,
Miss Hemmings barked.

Yes Miss, Amy replied.

Get down! Miss Hemmings barked, leisurely wiping her hands on
the towel.

Satisfied that she had indeed aroused the little tart, Daisy
helped her get down from the stool but then showed no sympathy as
she placed the blindfold over her eyes.

Please Miss! Amy whimpered.

Be quiet! Miss Hemmings said, as she led the tart out of the
pantry and through the maze of obstacles to the chair where Miss
Jenkins was waiting.

Now! You are to sit here until you are told to move and then you
are to do exactly as you are told, do you understand? Miss
Hemmings said.

Yes Miss Amy replied.

Unable to see the elaborate arrangement of chairs and mirrors
that had been positioned for her spanking, Amy sat as she had
been told with the sunlight from the window illuminating her pale
oiled skin and highlighting the now reddening smack marks
deliciously.

To Jane, having Amy aroused through a combination of the special
lemonade and her mistresss ministrations would not only make her
compliant during her double spanking but easier to arouse again.
It also meant that they would be able to explore Amys
willingness to please others even when in pain, something that
Jane was most interested in testing.

Jane then signalled for them to undress and they both hung their
clothes on the stand. The benefits of undressing were a freedom
of movement and skin to skin contact with their prey. It also
meant that their clothes did not get oil on them and perhaps more
importantly, it meant that there would be nothing between the
tarts flailing knees and thighs and their rubber cocks.
For Daisy, this was the first time she had been naked in front of
another woman and although nervous, she was not in the slightest
bit embarrassed about wearing her rubber cock as she now knew
that Jane was wearing one as well. To Jane, being naked in front
of another woman was not new and she could not help but compare
Daisy with Mrs Asher. Although they both had full breasts,
shapely bottoms and firm thighs they had two other things in
common, they were both in charge of pretty little parlour maids
and they both had a real passion for abusing them.

Jane signalled for Daisy to attend to the tart whilst she sat
down opposite them in the left hand chair. Another signal
indicated that she was to bring Amy between them and for her to
then sit down in the right hand chair. Not entirely sure of what
she was doing, Daisy knew that it was imperative that she kept
the child calm and kept her lust for her under control at least
until she was in position so she simply followed Janes signals.

Stand! Miss Hemmings ordered.

Amy stood up with a little help but as her mistress removed the
chair she was sitting on she placed her arms around her to guide
her forward. It was then that Amy realised that her mistress was
also naked and that made her remember her Nanny who would always
remove her clothes before giving her a bath. It was not just the
memory of her giving her a bath whilst naked but also the
feelings of the skin to skin contact. She recalled that her Nanny
would firstly wash and then dry her before taking her time to
double check that her cunt and anus were thoroughly clean, a
procedure that caused the probing fingers to bring her immense
pleasure and make it difficult for her to resist.

Daisy led Amy forward and then sat down on the other chair. With
the little tart in front of them, they both cupped her bottom and
dragged her forward so that she stood with a leg between each of
their thighs. It did not take long for Amy to realise that once
she started to struggle as she knew she would, that all they
needed to do was to tighten their thighs and she would be
trapped.

Of course, this was just what they intended to do so that her
flaying knees would rub and bump up against their rubber cocks
providing them with the orgasms they desperately craved.

The way that Jane had placed the armless chairs tapering inwards
meant that the little tart was not only standing between their
thighs with her bottom and thighs reflected in the mirrors, but
that her breasts and nipples were at eye level and her cunt and
anus were close enough to fondle during the spanking.

Standing between their thighs with a blindfold on Amy was unaware
of just how lovely her bottom and thighs appeared in the mirrors
or just how the combination of the oil and her arousal from the
lemonade was driving her mistresses crazy with lust.

Now listen! You are going to do as you are told, do you
understand? Miss Jenkins said, fondling her bottom and thighs
and then fingering her cunt and anus before signalling for Daisy
to do the same.

Yes! Amy whimpered, the tone in her voice clearly reflecting
the strange experience of having her bottom, thighs, cunt and
anus fondled by not two but four wandering hands.

Yes what? Miss Jenkins barked, smacking Amys oil covered
bottom and thighs hard and signalling to Daisy to do the same.

It did not take long for Amy to concede.

Please Miss! I am sorry, Amy screamed, her struggling causing
her knees to rub deliciously up against their rubber cocks.

Now! You can see just what I have to put up with. This girl is
not only clumsy but she is also impertinent, Daisy said, her
voice reflecting the pleasure her rubber cock was giving her.
Well! Perhaps we should rethink how we are going to spank her,
Jane said.

What do you have in mind? Daisy said, having to shout over
Amys screams.

Well! We could offer her a choice of how she wants to be
spanked, either with the implements we have already chosen or by
a double hand spanking, Jane suggested.

What if she chooses the double hand spanking? Daisy asked, her
voice reflecting her concern that she might not get to use the
hairbrush.

Oh! We just increase the length and severity of the spanking
until we are both totally satisfied, Jane replied with a smile.

Already feeling aroused by the girls knee rubbing against her
rubber cock, Daisy could see the sense in the idea and smiled
back.

Now listen carefully! You are going to be offered a choice of
how you are to be spanked, but mark my words, whichever way you
choose, I can assure you that we are not going to stop until we
are satisfied, do I make myself clear? Miss Hemmings asked.

Yes Miss! Amy whimpered.

Daisy hoped that Amy would choose the hairbrush and strap
spanking whilst Jane hoped that she would choose the double hand
spanking. The reasoning behind Janes decision not to use the
strap, was that she had in mind to suggest to Mrs Turner that Amy
should be allowed to become a parlour maid under Mrs Asher at
Marlborough Hall.

From experience Jane knew that Mrs Asher would insist that her
new parlour maid had an unblemished bottom and thighs. This
double hand spanking would not only mean that any marks would
quickly fade but due to her lack of any substantial punishment at
Hillcroft the poor darling would be delightfully unprepared for
all the pain that the cruel woman enjoys metering out to her
charges.

Now listen! You have the choice of either a hairbrush and strap
spanking or a double hand spanking, Miss Hemmings explained.

However, if you decide to take the double hand spanking, I can
assure you that it will be much longer and just as painful, do
you understand? Miss Jenkins said.

Please Miss! I am not sure, Amy whimpered.

That is of no consequence to us girl. You have to decide now or
we will decide for you, do you understand? Miss Jenkins said.

Yes Miss! Amy whimpered.

Jane signalled to Daisy to smack Amys bottom and thighs with her
hairbrush whilst she did the same with her strap and then to
emphasise the difference to smack her bottom and thighs with
their hands until she made a decision.

Well! What is it to be? Miss Hemmings barked.

The double hand spanking Miss, Amy whimpered, the smarting in
her bottom and thighs causing her to writhe deliciously up
against their rubber cocks.

Well then! A double hand spanking it is, but mark my words, you
are going to have to show us just how much you are willing to
please us if you want us to show you any mercy. Do you understand
my girl? Miss Hemmings said.

Yes Miss! Amy whimpered.

To Daisy, the girls decision was disappointing but to Jane it
was ideal and if she could persuade Mrs Turner to let Amy train
to be parlour maid under Mrs Asher, then she could be brought
along with the Appleby sisters to Marlborough Hall tomorrow
afternoon.

With their rubber cocks causing their cunts to moisten they were
both on fire with lust for the pretty little tart.

Now! Are you ready to please us? Miss Jenkins asked.

Yes Miss, Amy whimpered.

Standing naked between her mistresss thighs, Amy was the picture
of erotic deliciousness her nipples and clitoris asking to be
pinched and her bottom and thighs begging to be spanked. The
special lemonade had played no small part in bringing about a
flushed pallor to her pretty face and she showed real signs of
arousal.

At twelve, the tart had yet to feel any real pain, especially of
the sort that Mrs Asher would enjoy administering, but she did
have a fascination for seeing the results of others misfortunes.
It was at morning ablutions that she would be at her most
vigilant as she looked for punished bottoms and thighs and
watched enthusiastically as the others had their cunts and anuses
roughly violated under the pretext of maintaining the orphanages
strict regime of genital hygiene.

With Amy so close to them and the smell of her arousal egging
them on, they slid their hands over her body rubbing the drying
oil back into her lovely pale skin. Then with a synchronised
action they fondled her lovely round and firm little bottom in an
attempt to prepare it for the spanking. This was made even more
enjoyable as they were both able to see the results of their
actions reflected in the mirrors.

Now listen! If you want us to show you any mercy, then you will
have to masturbate both before and during your spanking, do you
understand? Miss Hemmings said.

Yes Miss! Amy replied, her voice betraying her desire to gain
pleasure from the pain she was about to receive.

Good! You can start by rubbing your breasts until your nipples
harden and then you can pinch them, Miss Jenkins ordered.

Amy did as she was told rubbing her oil soaked breasts and then
pinching her nipples until the pain made her wince delightfully.

Harder! Miss Hemmings ordered, smacking her bottom hard.

Please Miss! Amy whimpered.

You are not going to get away with it that easily, Miss
Hemmings said.

Masturbate! Miss Jenkins barked, signalling to Daisy to follow
her lead and close her thighs and then turn outwards causing the
poor girl to move her thighs further apart.

Amy did as she was told, the drying oil burning her flesh as she
used her fingers to work the fleshy folds of her delicious little
cunt in much the same way as her Aunt had done after her bath and
she did late at night in bed when she thought no one was
watching.

Now! Push your fingers further in and pinch your clitoris, Miss
Hemmings ordered.

Amy did as she was told pushing her fingers in deeper and then
pinching her clitoris.

Daisy smiled at her guest as they watched in the mirrors as Amy
frantically attempted to quell the itching caused by the drying
oil around her anus and then wantonly rubbing her vulva in an
attempt to stem the pain.

Amy Harper! You are a nothing but a dirty little tart, Miss
Jenkins said.

Please Miss! I am sorry, Amy whimpered.

You like it, dont you? Miss Hemmings teased.

Yes Miss! Amy whimpered.

Massaging the oil into her bottom and thighs, their breath
shortened as they prised her bottom cheeks apart, her mistresss
spent a few moments enjoying the reflection in the mirrors of her
pouting cunt and puckered anus.

Now my girl! It is time for your double spanking, Miss Jenkins
announced.

Listen carefully! You are to masturbate throughout your spanking
and under no circumstances are you to stop until we say so, do
you understand, Miss Hemmings explained.

Yes Miss! Amy replied.

Then before the poor darling had a chance to comprehend what she
had agreed to they started the spanking, taking turns to
alternate between her bottom and thighs and caused a delightfully
surge of erotic pleasure to travel up through their rubber cocks.

There was little doubt in their minds that the special lemonade
had helped Amy to become aroused. Due to its properties it had
caused her lovely pale skin to become accustomed to the pain and
brought her close to an orgasm.

Stop! Miss Hemmings ordered.

Please Miss! Amy whimpered.

You like that, dont you? Miss Jenkins teased.

Yes! Amy replied.

Yes what? Miss Hemmings barked, taking Amys nipples between
her fingers and thumbs and pinching them hard.

Yes Miss! Amy screamed, her fingers violently pleasuring her
clitoris in an attempt to counteract the pain in her bottom and
thighs.

To women like Jane and Daisy their pleasure was gained from
cruelly abusing those little darlings who had agreed to suffer in
order to please them and Amy Harper was no exception.

The truth of course was that the special lemonade was the cause
of Amys wantonness, something that her mistresss knew and
intended to exploit to the full. Masturbate! Miss Hemmings
barked.

Amys ordeal was by no means over and as she wantonly rubbed her
clitoris to stem the pain they continued to use their hands to
spank her bottom and thighs as hard as they could. However, this
had its own problems, none of which was so immediate than the
pain that was now building in their hands rendering the spanking
less effective.

It was obvious to Jane that Daisy was getting frustrated and she
sought to help her by suggesting an alternative.

Well! I think that I might just have the cure for her
wantonness, Miss Jenkins announced, retrieving the carpetbag
and taking out a parcel and a pair of gloves and placing them on
the table.

Opening the parcel she showed the contents to Daisy who was
intrigued by what she saw. However, all that Amy could do as she
was unable to see what her mistresses were looking at and talking
about was to listen in the hope of deciphering what her fate
might be.

Jane recognised the pot of cream to be one of her mothers
concoctions and from experience knew that by massaging it into
the girls genitals it would have two reactions. Firstly, it
would make her hopelessly aroused and come close to an orgasm.
Secondly, it would cause an intense burning to build up turning
any pleasure she may be feeling into pain and causing her to
writhe delightfully against their rubber cocks.

Listen! As you like acting like a tart, then we are going to
treat you like one, do you understand? Miss Jenkins explained
clearing the table.

Yes Miss! Amy whimpered nervously.

Now! Bend forward and place your hands down on this table, Miss
Hemmings ordered.

Amy did as she was told but needed help to place her hands on the
table because although she could feel it she could not see it.
With her thighs trapped as they were, her bottom cheeks were
parted deliciously presenting her mistresss with a tantalisingly
erotic view of her vulva and anus in the mirrors.

Now listen! We are going to help soothe your aches and pains by
massaging some cream into your bottom, thighs and genitals, do
you understand? Miss Jenkins asked.

Yes Miss! Amy replied.

Opening up the pot Jane slipped on the left hand glove and then
scooped a generous helping of the cream before signalling to
Daisy to do the same with the right hand glove. Then working
together they hastily massaged the cream into her bottom and
thighs to give her the impression that they were trying to soothe
her aches and pains, but quickly moved on to her genitals where
they roughly masturbated her taking it in turns to alternate
between her cunt and her anus only stopping when they had brought
her close to an orgasm.

Please Miss! Amy pleaded.

You like that, dont you? Miss Jenkins teased.

Yes! Amy replied. Have you forgotten something? Miss
Hemmings barked, seeking out her inflamed clitoris and pinching
it hard making the poor darling scream deliciously.

I am sorry Miss! Please dont stop, Amy screamed.

Not intending to stop, especially now that their prey was just
starting to enjoy the combination of the pain and the pleasure
they continued roughly masturbating her until she was about to
orgasm and then stopped abruptly.

Please Miss! Amy screamed.

Amys screams sent shivers down both their spines and as the
burning built in her cunt and anus she began to writhe
uncontrollably. Jane signalled for Daisy to follow her lead and
tighten her grip around her thighs and it did not take long
before they were reaping the rewards of all their efforts and
spending copiously onto their rubber cocks.

Jane was reluctant to let herself become sated quite so early in
her visit to Hillcroft but was delighted in the way that they had
been able to coerce the little tart into displaying such
wantonness.

You took your spanking well, Miss Hemmings said, as she wiped
away the   cream with the towel.

Thank you, Miss! Amy replied.

Now! How would you like to train to become a parlour maid at
Marlborough Hall? It would mean that you would have to leave Miss
Hemmings charge and train under Mrs Asher, a strict woman, who
always demands total commitment and punishes clumsiness
severely, Miss Jenkins asked.

There was awkward silence as Amy contemplated the offer. All the
girls at Hillcroft would eventually have to go into service but
at only twelve she could not help this offer was too good to be
true. Proud that she had been able to take her spanking and
delighted that she had managed to please her mistresses.

Thank you Miss! I would like that very much, Amy replied.

Good! I will speak to Mrs Turner when I see her and I will try
to persuade her to let you move to Marlborough Hall as soon as
possible, Miss Jenkins explained.

Stand! Miss Hemmings ordered.

Amy did as she was told and was led over to sit on the chair by
the window whilst her mistresses got dressed. Once they were both
presentable, Daisy led Amy back to the pantry removing the
blindfold and then making her put her uniform back on.

Now listen! You are to sit on this stool until you are told to
move, do you understand? Miss Hemmings said.

Yes Miss! Amy said.

Leaving the girl sitting on the stool, Daisy returned to the
parlour again pleased to see that her guest had rearranged the
furniture and was waiting for her.

Well! What do think of the little tart then? Daisy asked with a
smile.

Well! I thought that she handled being spanked by two mistresses
well and that you have done an excellent job in training her to
please others. Now, if my memory serves me correctly, you said
that we could go and see Lady Ambroses governess administer some
nursery discipline and Miss Brown administer some different
lessons before I meet with Mrs Turner, Jane replied.

Yes I did! So if we leave now we can take Amy to the infirmary
where she can start her treatments and we will still have enough
time to watch the parade of little darlings Lady Ambrose insists
upon having to select her prey, Daisy explained.

Excellent! Now go and fetch the girl and we can go and find some
more entertainment, Jane said.

Daisy returned to the pantry to find the little darling sitting
on the stool as she had been told.

Now listen! We are now going to take you to the infirmary so
that Nurse Jones and her assistants can soothe away your aches
and pains, do you understand? Miss Hemmings said.

Yes Miss! Amy replied.

Daisy escorted Amy out of the pantry and all three of them
quickly left the parlour making their way down the many
unfamiliar corridors. To Jane, the afternoon still had its
prospects. To Daisy, the afternoon was going well, especially as
she knew what to expect. To Amy, she was under the impression
that having her aches and pains soothed away could not be any
more painful than being spanked, something that the little tart
was about to find out was not necessarily the case.















