
Sixty year old, Vaidyaraaj Harkishan Lal was well known in the adjoining towns also. His jari-booty (Herbal) medicines were miraculous. Many a family was thankful to him for treating the childless women. Not that he did not treat other cases; but the largest number of women was brought to him for treating their sterility. He himself was very fecund. His first wife had died two years after the marriage. He had one son, Kunal Lal, from her. He had gone to a University in another state after completing his studies at Fatehabad. He did not have any other children, blessings his herbs.

He had a special 'treatment room' that was furnished and fitted for the needs of his practice. The room was carpeted, had different types of cushioned and folding chairs, beds, and everything else that experience has taught him to procure.

His biggest catch had been the daughter-in-law of the local Zamindaar. After she was blessed with a child, his clientele had shot up. There was one more point in his favour for which he was considered to be a modern doctor. He always made it clear that blessing a woman with a male child was gender bias. Male or female should not matter.

The Zamindaar, Thakur Daman Singh, had only one son, Kharag Singh. He was childless, even after three years of his marriage. Roopa, Kharag's wife was the daughter of another Zamindaar. Eighteen-year-old Roopa was married at the young age of fifteen. Kharag was at that time twenty-six. Roopa had a faint idea about the 'suhaag raat'. Her mother had told her that 'Pati' (Husband) is like 'Parmeshwar' (God) and husband's wish is a command for the wife. Her friends had told her that the husband would disrobe her and love her body. "Love" meant that he would play with her body. He will kiss those parts of the body that she had always hidden from everyone. He will even take liberties with the most private areas of the body and that those parts now were his property. Some things she had understood, others she was looking forward to learn. She was a bit apprehensive, but was excited also.

When the big night came, it turned out to be a big disappointment for Roopa.

Kharag Singh did maul her body. He even left his teeth marks on her breasts, thighs, and other parts. He even showed his body to her and made her do the same things to his body. But after that he got tired and went to sleep.

Roopa could not go to sleep. She was feeling a bit strange. She saw that she was wet between her legs, her breathing had become irregular, and she was expecting something more. What that 'more' was she could not make out. This scene was repeated every night. She went back home and talked to her married friends. They, now, explained to her the next part of the bed rituals that she had never experienced. She figured out that there was something wrong with the organ of her husband. Everyone had described in great details the glory of the husband's prick. Her husband's was far from glorious. It was supposed to be "hard", "throbbing", "burning'. It was supposed to penetrate the 'choot' and made that 'throb' and 'water' too. She did not talk about it to anyone.

As is the usual practice, everyone started talking. It became known that she was 'baanjh' (sterile). Somebody suggested to Thakur Daman Singh that may be Vaidyaraaj Harkishan Lal could do something to cure her. Daman told his son to take his wife to the Vaidyaraaj. The next day Kharag visited Harkishan Lal. Harkishan Lal told him that he would have to 'see' his wife. Harkishan Lal was made to promise that it would be kept secret. He suggested that Roopa be brought to his place at night. He also told that the first visit would be short, but after that longer stay might be necessary.

When Roopa came, he took her to the examining room. Made her sit on an 'Aasan' (pillow made of straw). He himself sat on a low sofa. He asked her whether she was aware why she was sent here. She told him that she had not been able to conceive. He asked her some questions about her sexual hygiene, which she answered, blushing heavily. He questioned her about her husband's sex practices. She kept quiet. 

Next he performed some sort of ritual. He lit the 'Agni Kund' (Fire Pot), put some 'Havan Saamigree' (Fire materials), and recited some 'mantras'.  He picked up some 'bhabhoot' (ash of dry, burnt cow-dung) and applied it to her 'maang' (Parting line of hair). He applied some ash from the Agni-Kund to her forehead. Before she parted he gave some Bhabhoot to her and instructed her to put it on her husband's organ secretly (He wanted to ensure that everything is not to be told to her husband). She was to come after two days, never during the days of the monthly flow. She was instructed to come next time in single garment. The whole treatment might continue till she conceived. She was instructed that she has to be very honest and particular in her answers and has to perform all the rituals prescribed for home also.

When Roopa came after two days the Vaidyaraaj asked her to take a bath in the adjoining room. Water smelling of roses was already there. She was not to use soap. Sandal paste was to be applied to her forehead and feet. Roopa followed all the instructions faithfully, little knowing that some of them were fake and others were a preparation for further designs of Harkishan Lal.

When she came out Harkishan Lal was sitting in lotus posture (Padmaasana). He opened his eyes and looked at her, as if in a trance. He gestured her to take her seat. Slowly he relaxed and asked her if she had put the bhabhoot on her husband's lund. She was taken aback at the word. He noticed it with a satisfying grin.

"Roopa, ab tumhein dhire, dhire nange shabdon kaa prayog karnaa hai. Mun se yeh khayaal nikaal denaa hai ki jis baat kaa ilaaj karwaane tum aayee ho woh koi kharaab baat hai. Nahin to Thakur saahab tumhein gande kaam ke liye yahaan kyon bhejte (Roopa, now slowly you have to use such naked language. You have to get rid of the idea that the problem which you want to be treated is something dirty. Otherwise, why would Thakur saahab send you here for some dirty purpose)" 

Roopa nodded in agreement. Harkishan Lal asked her:

"Tumnen pairon par bhi chandan lagaayaa hai (Have you applied sandal paste on your feet also)?"

She nodded: Yes.

"Achchhaa, ab apnaa vastra apne ghutnon tak uthaao aur ghutnon par bhi chandan lagaao (OK, now pull up your dress up to your knees and apply sandal past to the knees also)"

As Roopa pulled her white saaree up he had the first glimpse of her well shaped leg. Her dainty feet had a prominent bridge. The heel was smooth and ball-like. It invited a kiss and a rub of the tongue. The ankle slowly developed into a strong calf. On the outside the knee was slightly dimpled. After she applied the paste he told her not to pull down the saaree. Now he asked her:

"Roopa, jab tumnein Kharag ke lund par Bhabhoot lagaayee to kyaa usko pataa chalaa (When you applied the ashes to Kharag's prick, did he feel it)?"

"Nahin (No)"

"Tumnein uskaa lund dhyaan se dekhaa? Kaisaa thaa (Did you observe his prick properly? How was it?)"

"Unkaa  (His . . . )

"Haan bolo, saaf, saaf bolo (Yes, speak openly)"

"Unkaa lund dheele kele ki tarah thaa, uske aage tak khaal dhaki thee. Uske saath do guthaliyaan si thaili mein theen. Meraa bahot mun thaa use chhoone kaa (His prick was like a soggy banana. Alongside there were two stones in a sack. I wanted to touch it)"

Harkishan Lal was satisfied that Roopa was slowly shedding her shyness. The thought of making her excited excited him. He felt his own organ swelling. But he did not want to hurry things. He closed his eyes for a few moments and then looking straight into her eyes, he said:

"Roopa, apnaa saaree kaa pallaa saamne se hataa kar apni choochiyon par chandan lagaao aur dhire, dhire unke unpar ragro (Roopa remove the loose end of your saaree from the front and apply the sandal paste on them, massage them with the paste)"

All the time he was gazing into her eyes, without blinking even once.

As if in a trance, Roopa did what he had asked. Within a few moments Roopa felt aroused, just like she had felt when during the first few days of her marriage Kharag had mauled her body. Her hands were moving with tenderness, then she started doing it with some pressure. Her breathing became deep; her nipples responded marvelously. Harkishan Lal was feasting his eyes on what would be in his hands soon. Roopa's eyes were closed. Slowly her legs started squirming, unknown to her, the saaree slipped upwards and Harkishan Lal could almost see her black thatch. But today he did not want to precipitate the matters. He broke her trance:

"Bas Roopa. Mujhe lagtaa hai tumhaaraa ilaaj ho jaayegaa. Tum poorna trupti paaogi. Chaahogi to in sundar choochiyon se doodh peene waale bachche bhi paidaa karogi (OK, Roopa, I have a feeling you would be cured. You will achieve full satisfaction. If you would desire, you would also produce children to suckle on these beautiful boobs)"

Then he told her to take a bath again. He did not want anyone at home to notice any tell tale signs. When she came out he was standing. He went near her and put both his hands on her boobs, slightly touching them. 

"Kal phir aanaa. Apne shareer ke saare angon ke naam practice karti rahnaa (Come tomorrow. Practice the terms for the various parts of your body)"

Next day he noticed that Roopa was very free and relaxed. As soon as he sat on his aasana and Roopa took her seat, he addressed her:

"Roopa, ab aaj nangi ho kar baitho aur bataao kal ghar jaa kar raat ko kyaa huaa (Roopa, now today you sit naked and tell me what happened yesterday night)"

"Vaidya ji raat tabiyat bechain hui.  Pahle to neend nahin aayee. Karwatein badalti rahi. Phir mainen chandan kaa kuchh leip banaayaa aur apni choochiyon par malaa jaise aapne yahaan karwaayaa thaa. Meri donon choochiyaan bilkul tun gayeen. Choot bhi gilee ho gayee thee aur ji chaahataa thaa usko kuchh karoon. Mainen thoraa saa chandan choot par malaa. Achaanak malte, malte meri unglee choot ke andar phisal gayee. Jab main use baahar nikaalne lagi to uskaa sparsh achchhaa lagaa. Main unglee ko andar baahar karne lagi. Doosraa haath bhi wahin pahunch gayaa; us se mainein choot ko kholnaa chaahaa to wo oopar dodey par lagaa, phir to bijlee si chali aur meraa paani chhoot gayaa (Vaidya ji yesterday night I was restless, Then I prepared sandal paste and applied to my nipples as you asked me here yesterday. Both my nipples were erect. My cunt also became wet. I felt like doing something to it. I applied some paste to the cunt also. By chance my finger slipped in. When I was withdrawing it, the sensation felt good. I started moving the finger in and out. The hand also reached there. I tried to open the cunt. It touched the clit on top, I felt a current and I discharged)"

"Roopa, yahaan aao. Mere saamne baith jaao. Ab meri dhoti saamne se hataao (Roopa, come here. Sit in front of me. Now uncover my front)"

Roopa got up. She was naked. He was seeing her naked for the first time. Her boobs were full and were slightly drooping. The nipples were long, growing from a large circle of black, very black base. Embedded on a fair ball they looked smashing. His loins were afire. When she walked towards him he saw that her body weight shifted form one leg to the other in a unique undulating manner. He wanted to see herb behind. He told her to stop and go to the chair to pick up a piece of cloth. She turned back, went to the char, bent to pick up the piece, turned back and walked up to him. She was also feeling that his body language is having some effect on him. She said:

"Vaidya ji aaj mujhe apnaa kharaa huaa lauraa dikhaaeeye (Vaidya ji today you show me your erect prick)".

He did not want her to drop all pretense of treatment yet. So he told her that it was a part of the treatment and she should leave it to him. She came and sat on the carpet in front of him. Hesitatingly she removed  his dhoti from in front. It was not tied in any way and came off easily.

She was stunned. Her first erect cock! It must have been no less then six inches or more. It was as thick as the roller in her kitchen. It was slightly thicker at the base where it seemed to be growing out of a black thicket. The top seemed to be slightly different from the rest of its body. It was topped by a bulbous skin, raw looking skin. There was a slight slit on top. The bulb gracefully sloped down, about an inch and a half, curving upwards at the outer rim. For about two inches downwards the raw skin slowly changed into loose skin. She had never seen such a thing in her life. She was mesmerised. The prick appeared to be throbbing, side-to-side. One pearly drop was forming at the slit. He broke her trance:

"Roopa, yeh lund choot mein jaa kar beej bhi daaltaa hai aur choot ke saath milkar nar aur maadaa donon ko mast kartaa hai, swaargik aanand detaa hai. Jitnaa khul kar choot aur lund kheleinge utnaa he mazaa donon, aadmi aur aurat, ko aayeegaa. Isi se bachchaa bhi bantaa hai. Chaaho to bachchaa bhi banaao, mazaa bhi looto; chaaho to mazaa hi looto, bachchaa mat banaao (Roopa. This prick implants the seed as well as, in conjunction with the cunt, makes the male and female both go mad with pleasure, it gives heavenly pleasure. More freely the cunt and the prick play, more pleasure both the male and the female achieve. If you like you can conceive a child as well as enjoy; or, you may enjoy only and not conceive)"

Now he asked her to apply some sandal paste to the head of the prick. Then he asked her to put her finger inside, deep inside her cunt and apply her wetness to the prick so that the paste flows away. It was her first feel of a throbbing cock. She could not resist her from putting her palm around the pole. The head of the pole protruded out of her fist. Mesmerised, she bent and kissed the head. The kiss did not break; she took the head in her mouth. Harkishan Lal was exercising tremendous control over himself. He let her open up. More free she became in her behaviour, more pleasure she would give him.

"Vaidya ji, aap meraa ilaaj bhi karein aur mujhe woh mazaa lenaa bhi sikhaayein jo shaadi ke baad aaj tak mujhe nahin milaa. Par Vaidya ji yeh baat kisi ko pataa naa chale nahin to sasur ji jaan le leinge (Vaidya ji, you treat me as well as teach me to have that pleasure of which I have remained deprived even after marriage. But, Vaidya ji no one should come to know of these things, otherwise my father-in-law will kill us)"

Now, Harkishan Lal  could not have wanted anything more. 

"Achchhaa Roopa, donon taange Chauri kar ke, meraa sahaaraa lekar dhire, dhire apni choot mere lund par baithaao. Tum choot mein unglee to daal hi chuki ho, iss liye jab lund andar jaayegaa to ziyaadaa dard nahin hogaa. Phir apni marzi ke mutaabik mere lund par, mere galey main apni baahein daal kar, utthak baithak karo. Tumhein khud hi pataa chal jaayegaa kaise, kaise mazaa miltaa hai (Alright Roopa, you spread your legs, put your hands on my head, slowly fit your pussy on my cock. Since you have already inserted the finger in your cunt, you won't feel much pain. Then according to your pleasure do sit-ups on my prick. You would yourself discover the ways to get pleasure)" 

Roopa did as she was told. She was very much excited. Today she was going to feed her cunt with a throbbing lund for the first time. Vaidya ji had his eyes fixed on the splayed legs in front of his eyes. These legs were strong, well muscled, rippling muscles. The junction was covered with a black bush, but two open lips, well watered lips, half opened were beckoning him. He could not restrain himself, pushing his neck forward, he put his lips on them. He inhaled the aroma, pushed the tip of his tongue in. Roopa shivered and stopped.

"Vaidya ji, yeh kyaa kar rahe ho (What are you doing)? Par achchhaa lagaa (But I liked it). 

And she pushed her pelvis onto his mouth. He put his hands on her buttocks and dug his fingers into her ample flesh. This was a whole new sensation to her. She threw all formalities to the winds.

"H . . . a . . . a . . . a . . . n, lo, ye . . . h . . . h lo, yeh lo, cho . . .  o . . .o . . .o . . .s lo (Yes, take it, suck it)"

Suddenly Harkishan Lal felt a strong but small stream hit the back of his throat. What? Had she orgasmed? No, she was not slackening at all. He concluded that she was a gusher, a woman that discharges like a man when in heat, but it is not orgasm. It just the signal that she is at the height of pleasure.

He looked up. It was a sight from Kalidas's Meghdoot. Roopa's head was thrown back. Her eyes were shut tight. Her face was contorted with pleasure. Her hair was hanging like an open fan, swinging around her tense buttocks. 

Harkishan Lal did not want to bring the matters to a climax right now. He applied a slight pressure on her behind and pressed her body downwards.

"Arre, kyaa kar rahaa hai? Mazaa mat bigaar (Oh, what are you doing? Don't spoil the fun)"

"Meri jaan abhi to shuruaat hai. Apni choot mein meraa moosalaa to garhne de, phir dekhnaa (My dear, this is just the beginning; let my club penetrate your pussy, then you will see)"

Roopa took the hint. She started lowering her body slowly. She glanced downwards and estimated the direction of the rod waiting for the envelope of flesh descending towards it. The open lips touched the fleshy bulb. She stopped. Gave a hint of a rotation to her pussy on the bulb, as if estimating the area.  Then she applied a resolute pressure and before Harkishan Lal could know what hit him, Roopa was sitting on his thighs, the whole of his massive prick enclosed in the erotic tunnel.

"Oh . . .h . . h . . . h, g . . .a . . .y . . .y . . .y . . y . . .a .. .a . . .a . . .a. ter . . .r . . .r . . a . . .a . . .a . . .a . . laur . . .a. . . a . . .a . . . a meri cho . . .o . . . o . . .o . . o . . o . . o . . .o . . o . . t . . .  mein gayaa (Oh, it is in, your prick is in my pussy)"

"Ab tu chod mujhe, Roopa jaan, utthak -baithak kar. Khoob maze se chod mujhe I(Now, you fuck  me, Roopa darling. Do sit-ups. Fuck me with full pleasure)"

"Haa . . . a . . . a .   .a . . .a, lund aa . . . s . .  s . . .s . . .s . . .s . . .a . .  a . . .a . . .a . . .a n  . .i se thore hi chhor doongi (Yes, my prick, I will not let you off easily). Chal ab main neeche letoongi aur tu mere oopar charh (Come, now I will lie down and you climb over me)".

She got up. Her cunt again gushed while she was getting up. Her face was flushed and she was in a sort of trance. She lay down on the carpet. She opened her thighs, bent them at the knees and looked towards him.

"Chal chodu, ghuser de abki oopar se. Andar tak chalaa jaa. Meri bachchedaani mein ghus jaa. Par abhi apni maani mat chhornaa, pahle din use main munh mein loongi, choot mein nahin (Come, fucker, penetrate me from above. Go right in. Go right into my cervix. But don't yet come. First day I want to take it in the mouth, not in the cunt)"

He was so over powered by her lust that he was obeying her instructions like pupil. He was not yet settled on the target that she gave a powerful push to his buttocks from behind and drove him into her. She placed her heels on his back, pressed him with her hands. He was amazes at her strength. It was her physical power al her lust was turned into physical force? How does it matter, he thought. He had never seen such whole hearted fuck.

"Meri jaan, meri choot, meri billo, aaj to jee bhar ke chud le . . . (Darling, cunt, baby, get fucked to your heart's contentment today . . . )"

"Lunddo, chudoongi nahin, Chodoongi, tu thaknaa mat, peechhe mat hatnaa. H . . . a . . . a . . . a . . . n, H . . . a . . . a . . . a . . . n . . . H . . . a . . . a . . . a . . . n, (Prick, I will not get fucked, I will fuck, don't you back-out, Yes, yes)"

Harkishan Lal was having the fuck of his life. She was correct. It was she who was fucking him. Her cunt was milking his prick, massaging his prick. She seemed to know how to excite him, how to tease his cock to the brink and then take him away from there.  Their bout went on for a long time. She seemed to have lost all sense of time. 

Suddenly she pushed him off, got up and took his organ in her mouth mumbling:

"Hunh, H . . . u . . . n . . . n . . . . n . . . . h"

She played on, with, his prick for some time. Then she placed her fingers at the base of the prick and incited the tumescent instrument in such a way that he could not control his discharge any more.

"Uff, uff, le, le, jaan, saaraa ras le, le. Tere hi liye tayyaar ho rahaa thaa itni der se, Le andar tak tar ho jaa . . .a . .  a . . . a . . . a (Oh, take darling, take the whole of the juice. It was generating for such a long time for you and you only. Get washed in it to the hilt)"

And he came! No, this word does not describe his condition correctly. He experienced as if there was a cum-burst like a cloud burst during the monsoon. And then he fell back, lifeless.

It was Roopa that spoke first. She was satisfied and wanted to know if she was able to satisfy him.

"Ab kyaa main Kharag kaa lund kharaa kar sakoongi, jhaar sakoongi (Will I be able to give Kharag's prick an erection, make him come?)"

"Kyon jaani kyaa ek hi baar mein mere se ji bhar gayaa (Why, Darling. Have you got fed up with me in one time only?)"

"Abe, Vaidyaraaj kahlaataa hai, par sochtaa shaayad lund se hai, dimaagh se nahin? Agar main Kharag kaa lund kharaa kar sakoongi tabhi to usko vishwaas hogaa ki ilaaj kaa faayedaa ho rahaa hai, tabhi to meraa yahaan aanaa jari rahegaa. . ." and she gave a cunning smile and continued, ". . . . Aur main gaaon ki doosri bujhe lunddon ki biwiyon ko yahaan laa sakoongi (Fool, you call yourself Vaidyaraaj, but probably you think with your prick, not your brain? It is only if I can get Kharag's prick to get an erection that I will be able to show that the treatment is useful, I will be able to continue to come here . . . " and she gave a cunning smile and continued, ". . . And I will be able to bring the other wives of spent pricks of the village)"

Harkishan Lal had never dreamt that this chit of a girl who had never experienced a prick before would become two steps ahead of him in sexual scheming. She was not only promising that she will continue her 'treatment' but was also assuring him that she would be bringing other hungry cunts also. 'Fan, bloody, tastic', he thought to himself.

Then they retired top the drawing room, Roopa brought some snacks and he sat thinking. Then he made up an elaborate ritual. He took Roopa into confidence. Gave her some paste and told her to apply it on the prick of Kharag. He told her that she should make sure that he is awake and is not tired. He told her that he was confident that she should be able to create an interest in him about her body. She should somehow get him to fuck. Either he himself should insert his prick in her cunt, or she should get a hold of it and stuff it into the cunt and then make him cum. Once he comes in her cunt, it would be safer for her convince him and her father-in-law that the pregnancy was his. Then it would be safe for him to come into her cunt.

Roopa had no problem in carrying out the plan. Once she started her ministrations on his organ, he could not resist the temptation of her body. Right after the marriage, she was an inexperienced girl. Now she was a hungry lioness. She applied the paste (which was ordinary sandal paste) Climbed on him, inserted his prick into her cunt, all the time taking the names of her friends and describing how their husbands fucked them, how they bit their breasts, mauled their buttocks, etc. This was sufficient to excite him. He had no staying power worth the name,  but certainly his testicles did have the reservoir. So, he came in her cunt.
He never realised that this act of his induced cum had opened the floodgate of Harkishan Lal's cum into her cunt for a long time to come.

Roopa got her daily dose. She became pregnant. Harkishan Lal 'treated' other such cunts and also trained other cunts that were not yet married but were 'treated' for this problem or that.

This was all about five six years ago.



