Stranger Things Have Happened


By JSR 


The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old.  

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF,  


This story was told to me by a friend, Jack Sprat. I am presenting it just as he told it to me. Is it TRUE? Use your own judgment! 

From an early age, I have always been able to tell if someone was fibbing to me, lying to me, or trying to just pull my leg. I almost always had to be looking at them, in order to tell, so I just thought I was very good at reading body language, he said to me. 

I always had a buzzing sound in my ears, and the Dr.'s said that it must just be Tinnitus, showing up at a very young age. I did notice if I was by myself, it would stop, and then again show up when there were people around me. This of course confused the Dr.'s, but no one could give an explanation as to what was going on. 

When I was 12, mom and I were setting at the table, and I distinctly heard her say, I wish Jack would learn to keep his elbows off of the table. Since I was looking at her, I did not see her mouth move. I ask her, How did you do that? She ask, How did I do what? I answered, I heard you say 'I wish Jack would learn to keep his elbows off of the table', but I did not see your mouth move, are you a ventriloquist? She answered, No I am not a ventriloquist, and I did not say anything. But I heard you, I replied. I guess you are hearing things again. Maybe someday your hearing will straighten out. 

This started happening more and more frequently, not only with mom, but with dad and other people. Whenever I would question them, I got the same response, 'I did not say anything.' I was getting more and more confused, until one day, it suddenly dawned on me that the words I was hearing was not directed to anyone, but seemed to be comments about me, or other people. I seemed to hear mom talking (to herself) about me, or dad, or someone else. The same idea came to me about others I heard 'talking'.  

Since I was afraid that the Dr.'s would say I was insane, I never mentioned it to them. I even began to hear them 'talking', without their mouths moving, and noted that they were 'talking to themselves' about me and not to me. 

By the time I was 15, I clearly understood that I was hearing the thoughts of the people around me. Once I had this understanding, I started trying to see if they could hear my thoughts. One morning, I came down for breakfast, and I had a hard on. My pajamas were tented, but mom had said to come now, so I did. As I entered the kitchen, mom looked at me and thought 'Jack has a hard on this morning, I wonder how big he is'. In my mind, I said to mom if you want to know ask him to let you measure it.' A few seconds later, mom said to me, Jack, you are getting to be quite a man, Just how big is your cock now? I answered her by saying, I don't know, I never measured it. At the same time I said silently to her, Ask him if you can see and measure it. Again a few seconds later, mom said, Jack, I want to see how big you have become, and I will measure it for you, please drop your pajama bottoms so I can see, and I will get a ruler and measure it, then you will know. 

Just so that she would not suspect anything, I gasped Mom, you want to see and measure my cock? What would dad say? I could hear her say to herself, 'well you did ask him, and Sam (Sam is my father) will never find out, so go for it. She then answered, YES, I do. 

I then dropped my pj bottoms. My hard on stuck out at a good angle and mom gasped, You are huge, let me get my tape measure. By the time she got the tape measure, and came back, my cock was as hard and long as it could be. She measured it from where it joined my torso to the tip, with my foreskin pulled back, and said, Wow you measure in at 7-1/2 inches, and you are 5 inches around. That is bigger than your dad by 1-1/2 inches long and his is only 4 inches around. 

In my mind I said, 'You want me to fuck you, so you can see if I am any better than dad. Mom said, I don't know if you have had any experience in using that monster on a girl, but I think it is time I taught you how to use it on a woman. Forget breakfast, we will have it in your room. As we headed for my room, I said to myself, 'I seem to have made a breakthrough, she is doing just what I wanted her to do. Now if I can just do the same to other people, life will be great.' 

Once in my room, mom closed and locked the door. I ask her why, and she said, so no one can come in on us, and you dad must never know what we do in here. Now come and undress me. I had seen mom in bra and panties, but never had seen her tits or pussy, so I was going into 7th heaven. 

I removed her blouse, then her skirt and her slip. She had slipped her shoes off down stairs. I started to go around behind her to unfasten her bra, and she said, No, learn to do it right. Reach around me and do it from the front, that way you get to feel my tits against you as you work. It took me a few minutes to get it unhooked, but her tits against my chest felt great. Once it was unhooked, she said, Now take the straps off of my arms. Which I did still pressing against her covered tits. Once I had the straps off of her, I took hold of the bra, and stepped back. I then pulled it away from her tits. Her nipples were already hard and sticking out like large pencil erasers. Her breasts were what she said were D cups, and not a bit of sag. They stood out like large headlights on an old fashioned car. 

She then told me to kiss and suck her nipples, which I did for a few minutes, and I could tell she was getting excited, in a way I had never seen before. 

She pulled my pj top off of me, and said, Now take my panties off of me. I took hold of the waist band, and slowly pulled them down. Taking my time, as I wanted to be sure to see everything. First her pubic hair came into view, and there was a lot of it. Once I had them lowered below her pussy, still all I could see was the hair. 

I got them to the floor, and she stepped out of them, and said, Sit on the edge of your bed, with your legs spread wide. Once I did, she knelled down in front of me and between my legs. She then said, Now I am going to eat your cock, or as it is know, give you a blow job. With that she took my cock and started licking it like it was a lollypop. 

Once she got down to my root, she took my sack and sucked it into her mouth. She used her tongue to play with my balls, while gently sucking on each one. After a few minutes she worked her way back to the tip of my cock and started sucking it into her mouth. I could hear her thought, and she was really loving to suck my cock and balls. She was also anticipating the taste of my cum. She worked on my cock for about 5 minutes, when I told her I was about to cum. She pulled half way off of my cock, and I completely filled her mouth with cum. She quickly used her tongue to taste it, and then swallowed it with out missing a drop. She then licked my cock clean, and said, Now it is your turn to eat my pussy. Let me lie on the bed. 

When she laid on my bed, she spread her legs wide, and said, Now get between my legs and put your mouth on my slit and start licking it. I put my face down to her pussy, but when I opened my mouth, all I got was a mouth full of hair. I raised up and said, All of that hair is in the way, I don't like it in my mouth. She answered, Then get something and cut it out of the way. I got a pair of scissors, and cut the hair as close as I could, being careful not to stab or cut her skin. Once I had it as short as I could, it was still bothering me, so told her to put on her bikini bottoms. Then I took a felt marker and traced the outline of her bikini bottom. I then had her take it off again, and I got a razor and shaving cream. I put the shaving cream everywhere inside the line of the bikini, and proceeded to shave her completely with in those lines, including between her legs and also around her ass, so she was bald as a baby.  

Once I had washed all the hair and shaving cream off, I had her again lie down on the bed with her legs spread. This time when I got between her legs, I started licking her from her clit, to her fuck hole. I opened her pussy lips and licked down it until I reached her birth canal opening, and then slowly back up. I made sure to hit her clit, and coaxed it out from its hiding place. Mom was getting ready to have an orgasm, when I took my teeth and lightly bit and clamped onto her clit. This put her over the top and she had a very hard orgasm. 

She was panting and heaving a lot, and her chest was rising quite a ways. Her nipples had turned bright red, and were leaking fluid. She said for me to lay on top of her, and she took my steel hard cock and put it to her entrance. Then she told me to slowly push it into her pussy. 

I slowly pushed my cock into mom's fuck hole. I still had about an inch and a half to go when I struck something that stopped me. Mom said, You just hit my cervix. Pull out a little ways and then back in very hard. I did that, and my cock hesitated a split second, before it opened her cervix, and slid on into her uterus. 

She said, Your father has never been able to get past my cervix. You are the first one to fuck me that deep. I wish I was not on the pill, by you putting your load into my uterus, I would be pregnant quickly. 

I fucked her three times that afternoon, putting all three loads into her uterus. We took a shower together, and she gave me another blow job, and I sucked her pussy. I also played a lot with her tits, and her nipples were hard as rocks when we got out of the shower. Less than half an hour later, dad got home. He noticed that mom was not wearing a bra, and her blouse was one that she always told him was to small. Her nipples were sticking through the material, so that anyone could see them. 

He started to say something, and mom said, We will talk about it at supper. It will be ready in a few minutes. She then went into the kitchen. Dad looked at me and ask, What is going on? I have tried to get her to show off her tits for a long time, and today suddenly she is showing them to you! I said, Am I suppose to be a mind reader? You will have to ask her. He shook his head, and said, Son, beware of the woman who has secrets. 

Once we sat at the table, mom served the meal, and then dad said, Now just what is going on? Mom said, First, I must make it clear, what happened today is totally my fault, and no one else's. Dad said, OK, your fault, now what happened, and why? 

She said, I don't know why it happened, but it did. I have never kept any secrets from you and I do not intend to do so now. Here is what happened: This morning, I called Jack to come down to breakfast. When he arrived in his pj's, he had a hard on and it was tenting his pj's making it very easy to see. One thing led to another, and I ask him how big it was. When he said he did not know, I for some reason told him to take off his pj's while I went after a tape measure. It measured 1-1/2 inches longer than yours, and was 1 inch more around. I guess I must have just snapped, and took him to his room and gave him a blow job, after I had him to undress me. I then ask him to eat my pussy, and he gave me the same objection that you always have. 

She then stood up and pulled her skirt down, and showed him the marker lines I had put on her. She said, I put on my bikini bottom and gave him a felt marker and told him to mark around my bikini. Then I removed it and told him to do what ever he thought would work best to remove my pubic hair. He cut most of it off with scissors, then used a razor and shaved everything between the lines. Once that had been done, he then ate my pussy. He was pretty good for a first time. Then I had him fuck me. He was able to get his cock into my uterus, and I fucked him three times today. I am sorry to have been unfaithful to you, but I did enjoy it a great deal. 

Dad looked at me and ask, What do you have to say? I said, It happened just as mom said. I don't want to hurt you, but I did enjoy it very much. I will accept responsibility for it and take what ever punishment that you want to give. I could not let mom take the blame for something I had engineered. 

Dad looked at both of us and said, Since both of you take the blame, I guess that it was just one of those things. However since it happened, I will tell you how I see things. First, as many men do, I have always wanted to see your mother suck another mans cock, and also see her being penetrated and fucked while I watched. Since it is in the family, I will for give both of you, but from now on, the three of us will sleep together, and I will watch the two of you as you suck and fuck, and Jack will be there to watch us suck and fuck. Also I want to thank Jack for getting your pussy free of all those hairs. Now I can suck your pussy like you want. Jack and I will take turns shaving you, and you will be shaved by one of us at least once a week. You on the other hand, if you want hair free cock sucking, may pick one of us, and you will shave that one at least once a week. I think that this will be punishment enough for both of you. While he was speaking, I was reading his thoughts, and he really loved the idea of us sharing mom. Mom's thoughts were a little shaky in that she wanted both of us, but was apprehensive about both of us being there while she was being fucked. I sent a thought to her, that it would be all right, and that sometimes she could have a two some with us, but that she would have to ask dad whenever she wanted it. 

Dad did say that I would have to keep my room for a couple of reasons. The first was that there was not enough room in the dresser, and closet for my clothing, and the Second was that when my friends came over, I would still have to take them to 'my room'. It looked like my mornings work became a very good thing, at least for me, and maybe mom. 

A week later, at supper, Mom said, I have made a decision, and I hope both of you understand. I will not take no for an answer, on this. I looked into her mind and thought great. I will love this one. Dad looked at her and said, I don't usually oppose things you want to do, so tell us what you want. I spoke up and said, Yes mom, tell us what you want. 

She had a couple of pills beside her plate, as usual. She picked up one, and said, Yesterday was the last day I will take this pill. She took it to the sink and dropped it into the drain, and returned to the table. Dad said, That looks like it was your birth control pill. Mom answered, Yes it was. I am going to relegate you to just blow jobs, and eating my pussy. She looked at me and said, You are going to give me a baby. Once it is born, then dad can again fuck me, but you will have to wait until after I have his second baby. 

Dad said, You mean you want to make sure it is Jacks baby and not mine, and then my baby and not Jack's? Yes, she said, I love both of you, and since we are essentially newlyweds, I want a baby by both of you. Once the second one is born then we will go back to the way it was yesterday. 

I was reading dad's mind, and he was a little shook up about it, but then he thought, 'I have always wanted another kid, so this way I will get two, I can live with it. It will be my grandchild/child. I was thinking that I was a very lucky boy to be able to fuck my mother, and now she wanted my baby. Fantastic. 

Dad said, I just hope it does not take to long for you to get pregnant. I will miss your sweet pussy around my hard cock. 

I said, Mom if that is what you want, I think that dad and I are both man enough to give you your dream. 

Mom said, Good, because starting tonight, you will be fucking me at least 3 times a day, until I am pregnant. Dad can eat my pussy anytime and any place he wants to, even if it's on the front lawn. 

Dad ask, Do you really mean any time or place? Or is that just a figure of speech? She said, When ever and wherever you want. I will not question you, I will just let you do it. To facilitate that, I will start going with out panties, like you have begged me to do many times. 

I said, Wow mom, are you turning into a slut for dad and I or what. She smiled at me and said, I have always been a slut for your father, I just added you as a secondary master. Just be sure that your friends do not find out. Otherwise we could all end up in jail. Don't worry mom, no one will hear it from me. 

Ten months later, mom gave birth to my daughter. Mom said that since she was mine, I should name her, so I gave her the name of Kari. Kari was born in January, and Billie, dads baby, was born in November of the same year. This was hard to explain, but when you tell some one their birthdays, it becomes clear what happened. Mom just got pregnant again right after the one was born. 

Mom went back on the pill. Almost every night she had at least one cock in her somewhere, and at least twice a week she had two cocks in her. When she would have her period, she would have a cock in her ass, and one in her mouth. She loved it, and every morning bounced out of bed saying, God, I hope tonight is as good as last night. 

I was just past my 16th birthday, when Kari was born. It was then that I started looking at the girls in my class at school. I wanted the ones with the biggest tits, and a very pretty face, along with a great figure.  

The first one I looked at was Jackie Warner. She had just made it to the cheer leading squad, and was looking for one of the athletes to start dating. I put suggestions in her mind to date the worst looking and dumbest players. After she had been almost raped by one of them, I then had her looking for someone quiet, and studious, like me. We hooked up, and I got to know her family, and decided that I did not like them, but I wanted a piece of her. 

You may remember the night we double dated with you and your girl at the time. You drove to the drive in theater, and we were in the back seat. I was messing with her mind, and she ask you and your date if either one of you had rubbers. You both said no, and a few minutes later, she said, To hell with the rubbers, I want you to fuck me and take my cherry right here and now. You both turned around and looked at her, and she smiled and pulled her panties off and threw them out the window. Once she did that, (by my mental suggestion), I took off her blouse, bra and skirt and laid them on the seat under her. She put on leg over the back of your seat, and the other over the back of the back seat, and said, Stick your cock into my pussy and fuck me good. When we took her home that evening, she had dried cum and blood on both legs, I had ripped her bra when I took it off of her, we left her panties where she had thrown them. I put her blouse on her backwards, and also her skirt. 

This was a Friday night, and by Tuesday she was enrolled in a girls only school. Her dad called me and ask if I had raped her, and I said, She begged me to take her cherry, and you can ask the other couple who were with us. I gave him your name and number. I never heard if he contacted you or not. It was the last I heard from him or her. 

At this point in his story, I spoke up and said, I never heard from her dad, I guess he probably felt that if you gave him a name and number, either it was the truth, or a set up which he could not prove. 

He continued, You may remember that I never had a girlfriend for more that a few weeks at a time. When I was in a very good mood, I would just date them and tell them what I wanted from them. If they gave me blow jobs I would keep them around for a few weeks. If I could get them to fuck me with out protection, I would keep them a little while longer. 

I never broke up with them, I always made them break up with me for some small stupid reason. That way if they were pregnant, I could always say that they did not want me, and left so I am not responsible for their child. I never had to see if it worked, but I suspect that there may have been a couple that had babies that were mine, but they never said anything to me about it. 

He continued: My first year in collage, I only used my mind reading on tests, for answers that I was not sure of, and then only on the one or two smartest people in the class. I never went to the instructors mind. I held a 3.5 average that year.

The second year, I had a teacher who was an asshole to everyone, so I messed with his mind. I put into his mind that a couple of the best looking girls were hot for him, and he succeeded in getting into the pussy of one of them, but the other one, after hearing what happened, had a tape recording of his proposal, and took it to the administration. That was the end of him. I ended this year also with a 3.5 average.

Then in my third year, I had a professor, that looked like an angel. I tried to catch her eye, but she ignored me, so I probed her mind. I saw that she was looking for a particular type of man, and I clouded her mind so that when she saw me, she thought that I was that type.

She called me up to clarify something I had put on a test. We talked about the test, and she palmed a note to me. It said to meet her at a particular restaurant, across town from the University. 

I met her there, and we had a nice meal, and a few drinks. I mentally suggested that she invite me back to her place, which she did. I spent the night there fucking her brains out. 

Since I only had her class 3 days a week, I did not see her the next day, but the following one, when she handed out test results, inside of mine was a note asking me to be at her place at 6pm. At 6pm, I was at her door, and she greeted me nude, saying I am ready for you lover fuck me here and now. I left the door open, and took her there, and if anyone went by the place, they had to see us fucking.

When we finished, she saw the open door and was not to happy, until I told her, You are your most beautiful when fucking, and people should not be deprived of seeing you that way. This placated her, but she still closed the door.

Sahara, had fixed chicken strips and french fries for a meal. I sat her down on my lap, with my cock buried deep inside her pussy, and then I fed her and she fed me. I also put  mustard and catchup on her tits, and licked it off. She said, You make me feel like a two bit whore, and I love it. I answered her with, You are a two bit whore, and you belong to me. I had better get excellent grades in your class. She said, You will get what you deserve, nothing more and nothing less. As I bounced her up and down on my cock, I thought, 'thats what you think, but you will be giving me a straight 4.0.'

Two things that Sahara did not know is that I had been videoing, with sound our sessions, and I had replaced her birth control pills, with a harmless pill of the same size and color. 

One of the things she wanted in a man was someone who was meticulous with his clothing, and I made sure to put my suit coat in just the right spot. It contained a video camera and microphone. I also carefully placed my pants, as that is where the recorder was, and it was fed by blue tooth from the camera and microphone.

We had our final exam, and that night I was at Sahara's. We were in the living room, on the floor. She was watching a program, while she was sitting with my cock deep inside of her. I was playing with her tits, and kissing her neck, while she watched the program. She was moving excitedly as the program unfolded, and it drove my cock wild, and I was savagely pinching and pulling her nipples. Suddenly I felt it slip past her cervix, and into her womb. I was trying to hold off on cumming, but her moving made my cock and balls erupt with the largest volume of cum I had ever had, and it went directly into her unprotected womb. She was paying so much attention to the program, that she did not realize that I had cum in her womb. She kept wiggling and my cock got hard again without ever leaving her womb, and I had another eruption. Between both eruptions, I must have completely filled her womb, and she noticed that she suddenly felt full. 

I took each nipple in a hand and squeezed them as hard as I could,to get her attention. She finally said, That hurts, what are you doing? I said, Did I get a 4.0 in the class? She said, You will find out tomorrow, when I hand out the test results. I said, If it is not a 4.0, I have several videos, with sound that will be sent to the presidents office. If it is a 4.0, and I see it officially posted as such, I will then send the tapes to you.

I still had my cock in her womb, but it was starting to shrivel. She started to get up and I held her down. Her wiggling to get up again caused my cock to harden up again. I said, You will stay impaled on my cock until we reach an agreement. I have my professional reputation at stake here, I will not jeopardize it. I said, If I send those tapes to the president, your reputation will be in the toilet, and you know it. You heard my terms. I had another eruption inside of her, and this time she felt it. 

Let me up you bastard, you have cum in me for the last time. I said, I will pull my cock out of you when you quiet down and it gets soft, and not until. The more you try to get off of me, the more my cock wants to stay inside of you, and it will. 

She started relaxing, and slowly my cock went back to normal size, but was still inside of her pussy, so I still would not let her up. I said, Now that you have settled down, can we talk like civilized people? I started un-clouding her mind, so that she would see me like I really am, and not through the rose colored glasses I had inserted in her mind.

She settled down, and said, I am sitting still, now take that damned cock out of me. I said, It will come out in due time. Now how about my grade? She said, I will have to see if I can fudge a little, but I cannot promise a 4.0. Not good enough! I said, and I pulled on her nipples, stretching her tits as far apart as I could get them. I really did not want to do any damage to her, but I was determined to get her to do as I wanted. She started crying, saying You are hurting me. If you keep pulling that way, my breasts will start tearing. 

My answer was, You could stop it right now if you promise what I want, and carry through with it. She screamed OK, OK  I will do what you want. I let her get up off of my and said, Go get some ice and put it in the blender, and I will help you to feel better. I really do feel bad about hurting you. She started toward the bedroom and I ask her, do you keep ice in the bedroom? She said I am going to put my robe on, I have to go in the hall to get the ice. I said, Go the way you are, no clothing. She looked at me, and then opened the door, to go out, and I said, I will be watching, so don't try to go away or anyplace else but the ice room.

She dejectedly nodded her head, and went to the ice room. She was half way back when an older couple came out of their room, and looked at her. The lady shook her head and said, Kids today, no morals, no modesty. Sahara hurried back to the room, and closed the door behind her. I then told her to go get the largest bra she owned. When she got it, I filled both cups with the crushed ice, and then held it while she put her arms through the straps. I then put it up to her nipples, and then got behind her and pulled it as tight as I could and fastened it.

She started shivering, and I told her to go lie on the bed uncovered, and I would be there in a minute. She was lying on the bed shivering as the ice was freezing her nipples and outer layer of skin on her tits. I entered the room with a bowl of ice, and went to the foot of the bed. I spread her legs and then I started packing her pussy with as much ice as I could get into her. Once I had her pussy packed with ice, I went to her head and put my cock up to her mouth. She looked at it, and then at me, and I could see surrender in her eyes as she started sucking it.

She was shivering from all the melting ice on her tits, and in her pussy. Once she had my cock hard, I pulled I out of her mouth, and stuck it back into her cold pussy. The ice had mostly melted by now and as I entered her, cold water was force both into and out of her pussy. That which went in, was forced up her birth canal, and was warm by the time it found a place my cock could not get to. However I did get my cock back inside of her uterus.

Once I was fully inside of her again, I said, I am going to stay the night, and I will be fucking you all night long. She looked at me with sad eyes, and shook her head yes, knowing that she could not refuse me anything. I then reached under her and unfastened her bra, and pulled it off, leaving the ice and water to flow around and down her tits and soaked into the bed covers.

After I  had pounded her for a few minutes, she ask May I please get on top? I promise that I will keep your cock inside of me, but I need to relax my back. I thought for a minute and said, Yes, but if you get off of me for any reason, without getting my approval, I will go back to the way we were a few minutes ago. I don't want to hurt you physically, but I will if I have to. 

She said, I have learned my lesson, and it taught me that I really am in love with you, and not the person who I was led to believe you were. That floored me, and as I fucked her, I read her mind again, and sure enough, she really was in love with me. I decided that I would have to reassess my feelings, and looking deeply into my own mind, I realized that forcing her to have my baby was an act of love from me.

I then told her, There is one other thing you must know. The chances that you are pregnant, are about 90%. I know this is your fertile time, and I have been substituting placebos for your birth control pills. I have cum in your uterus at least 5 times this evening. She smiled at me and said, I am glad you did. Our baby will be the best there is.

That was 14 years ago. We had a good life together, but she had major medical problems for several years, and passed away a little over a year ago. She gave me this tape, which I have not seen, and told me that on our daughters 14th birthday, I was to deliver it to you, along with telling you this story. Here is a list of people you are to show it to, as a group, and please do not view it before hand. You should see it at the same time the others do.

Please forgive me for any hurts I may have caused you. Now my daughter awaits for me in the car. When we get home, we will have her party, and I will tell her whatever she wants to know about me and her mom.

Jack left the tape with me, and I set up a meeting of the people who were to see it. In it he apologized to everyone individually, stating what he had done, and why. In my case, he had fucked my wife several times, after we were married. Since she is now dead, nothing he could say would hurt her, except in my memory.

I ran into Jack a few years later, and he told me that his daughter had hidden from him her ability to read minds, and that she was more powerful than he had ever been. The night he told me the story, when he got home, she let him know that her mom had taught her how to keep him from knowing of her powers, and that her moms last wish to her was for her to seduce her father, and have his kids. He said that they now have 2 girls and a boy, all with the power to read and alter minds.

A true story? Having know Jack most of my life, I can see many elements of truth in it, but do I really believe it?

STRANGER THINGS HAVE HAPPENED

Comments and suggestions are always welcome

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com.




