Later the same day at a pub 

Lewis reaches Morse's table and puts a pint down in front of his boss, reaching right in front of the Chief Inspector who doesn't seem to mind the intrusion into his personal space. His focus doesn't waver from the book he brought along. When Lewis is seated, he reads out a line to his sergeant, confirming to his junior partner that he is a hopeless romantic. "'As Trees are by their Bark embrac’d, Love to my Soul doth cling.' Is that how you feel about your wife, Lewis?" 

"Not exactly," Lewis replies. 

"You disappoint me." 

Lewis lets it pass and sips his beer. Poetry is Morse's field, not his. But his boss is not yet done with his musing. 

"Is sex more trouble than it's worth? I keep wanting to find the answer," he says, seemingly aimed at no one in particular. 

Morse often surprises Lewis, but these two sentences stand out even more. He stares at the Chief Inspector's profile for a long moment before forcing his eyes back to his drink. With all the women Morse has been showing an interest in and at his age, the man surely must have had sex? His own trail of thought very nearly makes Lewis blush and he's glad Morse is staring off into the distance and doesn't notice his reaction. 

In the car, Morse is back to his usual self, but Lewis can't stop thinking about the things his boss has said these last two days. He hasn't seen him flirt with any woman lately but the only probable reason for Morse's behaviour he can come up with is that the older man is in love. Probably with someone who doesn't feel the same way about him. 

His home is Morse's second favourite place to go for thinking, his favourite place being the pub. But when the pubs are closed Morse asks Lewis to come over when he needs to think and feels he wants to discuss his ideas with his Sergeant. Lewis first accepted it as one of Morse's little quirks but by now he actually enjoys the time spent alone with the older man. They both seem more relaxed with each other when they're alone. 

Morse's house several hours later, the detectives are trying to figure out what brought two women out to the Woodstock Road on a rainy night. 

"Kerb crawling," Lewis suggests. 

Morse looks at him in disbelief. "You want to kerb crawl, you don't head for the Woodstock Road, Lewis" 

A mischievous grin appears on the Sergeant's face. "Oh really, Sir?" 

Morse doesn't take the bait. He's been a policeman for long enough to know which areas are frequented by women working the oldest trade of all. And he's sure Lewis knows about these things for exactly the same reason, which is just why he is so surprised by his Sergeant bringing it up. Yet, somehow it all leads back to the one thing in their current case... "Sex is the problem, isn't it, Lewis?" 

Lewis gives him an odd look that Morse cannot quite place, so he decides to ignore it. 

The Radcliffe Hospital after the arrest of the murderer 

The case is closed and Morse was right. Sex was the problem, sex between a married man and his mistress. His mind wanders back to poetry and he cites from memory while he and Lewis walk towards the exit. 

"All this to Love, and Raptures due; Must we not pay a Debt to pleasure, too?" 

Lewis, pulled from his own thoughts, looks puzzled "What?" 

"Rochester, Lewis," Morse explains absent-mindedly. 

"I think maybe it's time I bought you a drink," Lewis suggests, which immediately brings Morse back to the here and now. 

"Long overdue, Lewis." 

Lewis nods, a small smile playing on his face. He knows exactly how to get Morse's attention. And although, sometimes, he is fed up with buying pretty much every round, right now it seems a small price to pay to cheer his boss up again; he's been much too moody and glum lately. 

When Lewis climbs out of Morse's Jaguar outside the pub, his eyes fall onto the back seat and upon a book lying there. It's the Rochester book Morse had been reading. He reaches back into the car and grabs it off the seat. Morse seems surprised but doesn't comment. They find a free table inside the pub and Lewis goes to get their drinks. They talk about the case for a while but it doesn't take Morse long to finish off his pint. "Another one?" He asks Lewis and gets up to head to the bar. 

"Ah, no. I'm fine." Lewis still has more than half of his drink left. While Morse waits for his turn at the bar, Lewis picks up the book and starts to browse. Morse's quotes have made him curious. 

When the Chief Inspector returns to their table, he finds his Sergeant engrossed in his reading. Morse sits down and watches Lewis for a moment while taking a hefty gulp of his second pint. "I hadn't expected Rochester to be to your liking, Lewis" he comments after a bit. 

Lewis finally looks up at the smiling face of his boss. "Nor had I, but this is quite nice." 

"What is it?" 

"This poem, 'The Discovery'." 

"I don't think I read it recently," Morse says, his eyes still fixed on Lewis. 

After a moment of hesitation, Lewis starts to read the poem to Morse. 

"That faithfull Servant you disown, 

Wou’d in obedience keep his love unknown, 

But bright Ideas such as you inspire 

We can no more conceal, than not admire. 

My heart at home in my own Breast did dwell, 

Like Humble Hermit in a Peacefull Cell 

Unknown and undisturb’d it rested there, 

Stranger alike to hope, and to despair. 

Now Love with a tumultuous traine invades, 

The sacred quiet of those Hallow’d Shades, 

His fatall flames shine out to ev’ry Eye, 

Like Blazing Commets in a Winters Sky 

How can my passion merrit your offence 

That Challenges so little recompence, 

For I am one born only to admire, 

Too Humble e’re to hope, scarce to desire 

A thing whose Bliss depends upon your will 

Who wou’d be proud you’d deign to use him Ill." 

Morse is silent for a long moment after Lewis finishes, prompting the younger man to look up at him from the book. Their eyes meet and suddenly Lewis's mouth is very dry. He reaches for his glass. 

"Interesting choice," Morse finally says. 

"It probably sounds better when you read it," Lewis says, unable to meet the other man's eyes any longer. 

"I don't know, Lewis, somehow Rochester read in Geordie-style does have its charms." 

Lewis offers him a grin in return. 

"You can borrow the book if you like, your wife might enjoy your reading, too." 

Lewis looks at the book, back at Morse, and puts the book down on the table. "Ah, I don't think so. She's not really into poetry." 

"What a pity." Morse takes another gulp of his beer. "Why did you choose that poem, Lewis?" 

"Oh, I don't know. I just flipped through the pages and something about this," he hesitates and looks away again. 

Morse on the other hand looks at him expectantly. "Go on," he encourages Lewis. "Something about it what?" 

"I don't know. It spoke to me?" Lewis isn't really sure what exactly made him read on beyond the first few lines. 

But Morse's curiosity seems piqued now."What about it did?" He reaches for the book and looks for the poem. "That faithfull Servant you disown, Wou’d in obedience keep his love unknown," he reads and looks up at Lewis again, who's actually blushing a little. 

Morse closes the book. "Go home, Lewis. You've kept me company for long enough. Now go and spend some time with your wife and kiddies." 

Lewis's head snaps back in Morse's direction, surprised at both the sudden change of topic and the hard tone the other man's voice has taken on. "She's not waiting. She's out with friends, kids are with the grandparents tonight." He blurts it out, for some reason desperate not to end the evening just now, he couldn't really say why he doesn't want to leave yet. He takes a deep breath and picks up his glass. "And I haven't finished me beer yet," he adds, trying to sound casual. 

Morse studies his Sergeant again until Lewis is tempted to hide behind his glass. The scrutiny with which Morse studies his face makes him nervous. But then Morse finishes off his own pint and gets up. "Well, I'm going home. If you need a lift..." Lewis is on his feet before the Chief Inspector can finish the sentence. 

Morse drives Lewis back to his own car. When the younger man doesn't get out of the Jaguar immediately, Morse looks at him questioningly. 

"You didn't think I bought you that drink out of pity, did you? Because of what you said the other evening? About being lonely I mean." 

The older man considers the question for a moment, staring out into darkness through the windscreen. "No, I don't think you did, Lewis. But I think we should end this evening before it turns into pity." 

"It won't," Lewis says in a low voice, self-consciously looking down for a brief moment before looking back at Morse's profile. When the older man doesn't reply, Lewis reaches for the door handle. "Good night then, Sir." He opens the door and gets out. He's about to close the door when Morse does speak up. 

"Look, Lewis," he starts, then shakes his head. "Good night, Lewis. See you tomorrow." 

Lewis leans on the top of the Jaguar, looking into the car for another moment, then, when he realizes Morse won't say anything else, he straightens and closes the door. Morse pulls away and Lewis is left alone in the dark. Once again he finds himself following the Jaguar with his eyes until it vanishes around a corner. He unlocks his own car and slides in behind the wheel. Instead of starting the engine though, he takes out his notepad and writes down as much of the Rochester poem as he can remember.