ORFANS

Treatment of the Difficult Girl

BY PENT

Note 8

Joan had entered the Great Orfanage as an infant and was eight
years of age when I did first take up my duties as Principal and
Physician there. She had red hair and an abundance of freckles to
her face and was altogether a charming though high strung child.

One day I did pass the open door to a room when I saw Joan inside
and she was shouting at one of the minders that she would not
scrub the floor. I did stop and the minder said to have no
concern as Joan did oft times lose control of herself thus and it
would pass after that she had stood in the corner for an hour.

I bethought myself that Joan was but typical of some orfan girls
we have who become fierce and lose control of themselves, for
some are even the orfans of desperate criminals who have died on
the gallows and so have little enough in them to prompt of good
behaviour and Joan was one such.

I bethought me that Joan will soon go too far in her disobedience
and will need most severe teaching to change her wayes if to stay
in the Great Orfanage.

I laid plans for such stern correction to be done in a small
attic room which we did not then use. I did have the carpenter
fix two posts from floor to ceiling some six feet apart and he
did then make me three cross pieces that could be pegged to the
posts parallel to the floor at whatever height suited.

I had him also to cut the end from a cow horn and drill and round
the end so it made a funnel that would enter easy the rosebud of
a young girl.

He mounted this horn on a small post which did slide in a wood
channel with a pulley and weight like unto a sash window, and the
weight would press the horn upwards against the bottom of a girl
who did stand over it.

The pillar stood but loosley on the floor so the girl was free to
move from side to side and the tip of the horn would follow in
her rosebud be she never so violent in her movements.

I had the kitchen get me the stomach of a sheep with the
intestine still attached and this intestine I did pull over the
mouth of the horn and fasten with thin twine. The stomach might
be filled with warm water and then raised to make the water flow
out of the tip of the horn. When the stomach was set lower than
the height of the horn it would draw that water back out of the
girl.

When next young Joan did loose her temper she did throw a stool
at her minder and I was ready to correct her wayes. Joan's hands
were bound to make her easy to handle and the girl of eight was
led up to the room in the attic which I had prepared.

Joan was stripped naked and turned to face the wood frame. A
cross piece was pegged to the posts at a height to suit her
outstretched arms, and her arms then bound to the cross piece
with soft leather thongs.

The second cross piece was pegged at the height of her waist so
she might be held there also if needed.

The third cross piece was pegged six inch above the floor and her
ankles bound thereto after that her legs were spread wide.

With grease on my finger I did then press into her rosebud, so to
make an entry to her bottom and the sliding pillar with the horn
was set under her with the rounded tip of horn to press lightly
upward against her rosebud.

The sheep stomach was filled with warm water and a little soap.
The sash weight was then increased and I did wait until the horn
had, to her great consternation, slid slowly up into Joan's
bottom. I did then raise the sheep stomach to make the water
enter Joan's bottom.

A little water did leak and the sash weight was increased once
more so the horn did press even harder up into Joan's rosebud and
the smooth tapered tip of the horn did slide even further up into
her bottom.

Methinks that Joan did find this treatment pleasant at the start
though a complete surprise to her.

Warm water did continue to flow up into Joan's bottom and the
great weight of it did start her to leak again, but we did add to
the sash weights even more and stopped the leaking, and water was
made to flow up into her bottom until her stomach did bulge and
hurt her.

She had near a gallon in her and was sobbing with the pain of it
inside her. After some time we did then lower the sheep stomach
and the soapy water did leave her to flow out to a pail.

Without the amount of water in her now to press down, and the
horn being slipperie with grease, the heavy sash weights did
thrust the horn even more up inside Joan's bottom.

I did mark the horn with chalk where it did enter Joan's rosebud
as a matter of curiosity and when all water was out I did remove
the horn to see the extent it had opened her bottom.

I saw that even at the age of eight Joan's rosebud had been
relaxed well beyond what needed to take with ease the yard of a
full grown man such as myself to enter her young bottom.

This enlargement had been slow and gradual over the course of an
hour, and it never does cease to amaze me how elastik is the
sphyncter of a young person if opened exceeding slow.

We did wash Joan's bowells some times more with warm water and a
little salt added but with less quantity of water than in the
first washing with soap.

The water did at last run clear out of Joan's bottom.

I did then tie a strip of cloth around Joan's waist to hang
against her cunnie and down into a pail so she could piss at any
time without concern to us.

Lest there be some further water still in her bottom we did
remove the horn from there and stand the varnished wood handle of
a bradawl carpentry tool on the sliding pillar to press up
against her rosebud with much grease on it.

We did then increase the sash weights until the wood handle did
slide slowly up into Joan's bottom which she was powerless to
stop e'en if she had wanted which I do not think she did, and it
did slide in easy after that the tapered horn had already opened
her.

She did smile as the varnished handle did go fully up into her
lovely white bottom and the saucy girl did wriggle herself to
savour the slipperie feel of the smooth wood handle up inside her
there.

A cord looped loosely around Joan's neck did fall down both her
front and back to the blade that did come from the handle of the
tool and was tied there to ensure it would stay in place, up
inside her bottom to stop any leak of water.

I did then tell Joan that we will feed her with warm broth to
nourish her in the same way as the water she had just taken into
her body so she can stay tied there to the wood frame for several
days together and be punished with many severe beatings for her
bad behaviour.

I told her indeed we had no cause to release her until we were
satisfied she will behave herself for the future. That she was an
orfan girl with no mother or father nor family of any kind that
she might turn to, and no claim to a single morsel of food in
this world but had been fed and cared for these eight years out
of the charity of those about her who could just as well turn her
out in the street to try if she might steal food from the very
dogs to stop herself from starving and sleep with them for
warmth.

Joan was now weeping in shame at her behaviour and fear of her
future. What caused her and the few other girls like her to loose
control of herself, to shout and throw things at her minders, we
will never know and nor I think will she. We can only give Joan
good cause to know she will suffer long and most painfully if she
do it ever again, so she will change her wayes.

As further punishment I did then have a gag fastened in Joan's
mouth so she could no longer make a noise except to grunt and
squeel and I then did apply a thin cane briskly to her back and
bottom while she make a muffled noise like unto a stuck pig.

We did then throw a blanket around Joan lest she catch a cold and
I did then have everyone leave the room so Joan was on her own
and miserable in her pain and wondering of her future.

After some two hours I did return with a minder and a bowl of
clear broth just Luke warm. We did remove the blanket from Joan
and I left the gag in place telling her she did not need her
mouth to feed with. We did then gently ease the plug from her
bottom and fastened the tapered horn in place on the sliding
pillar.

The warm broth we did then pour into the sheep stomach and
pinched the intestine to stop it from running out at the horn.

The tip of the horn was greased so the sash weights did make it
to slide well up into Mary's bottom and we did then raise the
sheep stomach so the warm broth flowed up into her.

The minder did press and rub on Joan's stomach to help her in
taking the nourishment which she did like well enough and we did
then throw the blanket over her again and leave her alone with
the broth filling her bowells and her helpless to move.

As I departed I did tell her that she might sleep as she stood
there if she wished, as the nourishment would go into her just as
well if she was unconscious, and she did understand my grim
threat to her.

When we did return Joan was truly in a sorry state as she did by
then know full well that she might stay fastened thus to the wood
frame for many days and nights and unable to speak or move.

We did let the broth flow from her bowells into a pail and we did
again plug her bottom with the same wooden handle of a carpentry
tool and tied in place so it might not dislodge.

I did tell Joan:

"Your back and bottom was beaten this morning to help you to
repent of your behaviour. It is now the turn of your legs and
stomach.

"I will leave the gag in your mouth as we have no wish for you to
disturb the whole house with your bawling".

I did then beat Joan's legs at the back then on the front and up
onto her stomach with the thin cane which did hurt her much and
she did squeel and tug and strain at her bindings in vain efforts
to escape the pain. The cords from Joan's neck did hold the
handle of the carpentry tool firm up inside her bottom while I
did beat her thus so she felt no respite from that punishment.

Joan's eyes did open so wide as I beat her on her stomach that
they did look to pop out and her loud grunts and noises into the
gag did show the great hurt that my cane did cause to her legs
and stomach.

After a sound caning to her legs and stomach thus we did throw
the blanket again around Joan and on leaving I did tell her to
think well on her future behaviour if that she will be allowed to
stay at the Great Orfanage at all.

Joan's muffled sobbing and weeping into the gag that filled her
mouth did reflect true contrition for her lack of gratitude in
what she had done and apology for her behaviour.

To make sure of a lasting change to her wayes I did determine
that she should stay there standing and bound to the wood
framework, to sleep standing up as best she could that dark night
by herself, so she know she might easily continue her punishment
thus for many days together.

I told her:

"Joan, you will stay here bound to the wood spar for this night
and for every day and night thereafter until you show yourself
truly repentant.

"But before you sleep I want you to walk with me to the end of
the passage and back so you do keep the use of your arms and legs
even while you are being punished in this way for maybe several
days together".

The minder and I did undo her bindings and she did walk exceeding
slow and painful while she did lean her weight on us to the end
of the passage and back, all with the handle of the carpentry
tool held in her bottom by the cords from her neck and the gag
tied firm in her mouth.

As Joan did approach the wood frame once again she did seem most
remarkably to throw her arms gratefully up onto the cross piece
ready to be bound and beaten once more as if she did feel it
fitting that she should be punished most severely thus for her
ingratitude to the Great Orfanage and her violence to the minder.

I then told Joan in no uncertain terms that she will stay thus
bound to the wood frame day and night until I felt sure she will
never again lose control of her behaviour and assure me that she
will do willingly whatever she was told for the future.

I did remove the gag which did hurt Joan's mouth and threw the
wool blanked about her once more to give her some warmth and we
left her for the night to feel her pain and to contemplate her
wayes for the future, alone and without light.

As I did leave the attic room and take the candle with me I did
hear Joan faintly say between her sobs:

"Thank you for your punishment to me Sir!", but I was not to be
diverted by my soft heart, and I did leave her then without
answering.

It was near eight o'the clock before I could get to Joan again
and all the other girls were in their beds. When I entered the
attic room with a minder our candle did show Joan sleeping as she
stood there bound to the wood framework with legs wide apart and
her head fallen forward on the wood beam in front of her with her
face flushed and warm, and we did leave her thus for the night
with the handle of the carpentry tool yet held firmly up inside
her bottom.

I did look in again at midnight and saw that Joan did sleep sound
with deep breathing before I did leave her for the night.

I was up betimes in the morning and did take a minder with me to
see Joan. She slept still so I did throw the blanket off her and
I took a cane to her bottom so she remember alway what will
happen again if that she lose control of her behaviour.

Joan awoke greatly startled with the pain but did not at first
know where she was and why. As I watched her memory recall all
that had happened after she did throw the stool at her minder I
could see that she was fully now broken of spirit and deeply
penitent, so no more would be accomplished by keeping her here to
punish further. But I did not yet tell her that.

As I did beat Joan on her back and bottom she did shout:

"I am sorry! I am most truly sorry, Doctor Browne!".

"So you should be, Joan!",I replied and ordered her gag replaced.

To remind her one last time of her complete loss of all volition
and liberty I did have a bowl of warm broth brought. We did
remove the wood plug from her bottom and we did use the horn to
force the broth up into her bottom and leave her with it in her
for an hour as she did stare at the etchings there on the wall:
"The Painful Progress of the Idle Scholar", and recall most
miserably how she had come to be in her present condition.

After her breakfast of warm broth in her bottom we did again use
the horn to wash out Joan's bowells with warm water for three or
four times so she would never forget her painful loss of liberty.

With the minder there who had received the stool on her head from
Joan I did then tell her that I wished to hear her say that she
did truly repent for her disrespect and hurt to her minder and
that she would never again think to disobey her. Joan quick knew
that I did mean to free her:

"Oh! I do Sir! Truly I am sorry and I will never do any such
thing again. Do please forgive me! Please!?"

"Thank you Joan. I do indeed forgive you, this time", replied the
minder.

"We will undo your bindings now Joan so you are free to go. Never
forget though that if ever you do anything like this again you
will be bound here to the wood framework and you will be beaten
each day for a month, if you do even survive to live that long.

"We will help you walk to the stairs and down to your bed where
you will stay for the rest of the day until evening when you may
join the other girls in the refectory for supper".

Joan did of course tell the other girls about being bound naked
to a wood frame and so deprived of all movement day and night and
a cow horn pushed up into her bottom to fill her with water until
she felt she would burst then fed by broth forced up into her
bottom while her mouth was gagged and about her many beatings on
her legs and stomach and of being left in the attic room for the
night bound to the wood frame in the dark, naked and alone and
frightened with the wood handle of a carpentry tool held firm up
in her bottom, and she did openly weep as she told of her pain
and fright in the attic room, helpless and hopeless and beaten
often.

This severe punishing did cause Joan to control her temper for as
long as she was at the OGreat Orfanage and, I believe, for the
rest of her life.

Only most rarely did we need this same severe punishing for girls
when they did let themselves become over-excited and petulant as
all the girls did know of the room in the attic and did fear the
wood frame and cow horn most greatly.

The most I did ever need to use it was for one strong and ill
tempered girl named Margaret of six years who did flout all
authority in the Great Orfanage so I did truly think we might
have to give her to a passing band of gypsies to take and do with
her as they pleased.

Margaret did stay bound to the wood framework for five days, gag
in mouth and oft beaten, with feeding in her bowell, and did
still remain obdurate and rude withal.

I did at last bring her to truly repent of her misdoings only by
the use of oysters harshly clamped to her body.

A pail of fresh-caught oysters in sea water was brought to the
attic room and let to stand for an hour. The oysters did then lie
in the water with their shells open and I lifted one at a time.
The first I did place to close itself and clamp to Margaret's
left teat.

I did carefully lift the open oyster from the sea water and press
it quick so her left tit was in the opening between the two
halves of shell.

I did tap my finger sharp on the oyster shell so it did close
fast and firm upon her budding six-year-old breast and stay to
grip her most painful hard.

I did pull hard at the shell and there was no removing its hold
upon Margaret's delicate flesh.

Margaret did howl with the pain of the rough oyster shell closed
and clamped to her tender breast and we did apply the gag to her
mouth so to much muffle her noise.

I did also clamp oysters, some with sharp barnacles that did cut
into her, on her other breast and even more painful to the labia
of her little cunnie also.

We then left Margaret alone, bound to the wood frame in the attic
room and the tapered cow horn pressing upward in her bottom with
heavy sash weights which made to open her anus wide so the horn
did press hard and painful against the bones inside her six year
old pelvis.

Margaret was in great agony and did continue long to squerm and
wriggle in her pain to pull hard as she might against the leather
thongs that did bind her to the wood frame. The noise from under
her gag was like unto an animal that did screem in pain and
terror, caught by its foot in an iron trap.

I saw by her eyes that she did at last repent for her misdeeds
and we did leave her alone with her agony in the attic room, the
sharp oyster shells biting into her most tender flesh, to think
on't.

We did return to the attic room after an hour to find Margaret
near fainting with her pain from the rough oysters which had
clamped themselves to her most delicate parts. After that I did
remove the gag to her mouth she did babble and implore us to
release her from her torture.

With much sobs and weeping Margaret did beg forgiveness for her
waywardness and I felt she was truly repentant for her bad
behaviour. I did then cut open the hinge of each oyster with a
knife to release the bruised and bloody young flesh of her
breasts and cunnie from the fierce grip of the savage mollusks.

Margaret was changed completely by this final punishment of the
oyster clamps and never again did badly misbehave.

Every time after this punishment of Margaret that a minder did
threaten a girl with "The Oyster Clamps" it did almost alway have
a great effect and I did rarely have to use such drastic means
again to make a girl contrite for her misdoings.

The tapered horn with its sash weights, and the wood frame with
its leather bindings to hold a girl firm for many days together,
were kept ready for use at any time in the attic room, and the
girls did all know that.

With these most severe wayes to punish a girl alway ready and
known to all and sometimes used, we were able to change wayes of
our most wild miscreants so we were never driven to cast any girl
out onto the streets of London after that she had once entered
our care at the Great Orfanange. 
