“This is an atrocity!” Tarrant exclaims, observing the fastenings for the first time. “Whoever trussed you up like this?!” 

“Molta,” Alice replies, not bothering to hide her grin. 

“Ah. A dodo. Of course,” he mutters, his fingers working quickly. “It’s a wonder that they haven’t managed to over-complicate themselves into extinction.” 

“They are,” Alice says, resisting the urge to look over her shoulder at him as laces are tugged loose and buttons smuggled back through their buttonholes. “Extinct, I mean. Above.” 

“Somehow, I am not terribly surprised.” 

She snorts. “They say it’s because they lacked the intelligence necessary to survive, to adapt to a new predator. They were quite easy game for marksmen to hunt, I heard.” 

“Hunted to extinction,” he parrots. “And by men who mark, no less. That shall not happen here. Underlandian dodos, despite their fondness for unnecessary complications, are quite well-endowed intellectually. Why, when Uilleam was chaperoning Bayard and Bielle, I heard he was quite heartbroken when their Key appeared and they insisted on leaving the library.” 

“The Luckluster Library?” she checks, surprised. 

“Of course. It’s the only library suited for Courting.” 

“But how could two bloodhounds get to the books? They haven ’t any hands! ” 

She feels several gentle tugs at the middle of her back; Tarrant is half-finished with his task. 

He giggles. “Alice! You’ve forgotten already! The Queen mentioned that the library is different for every Courting pair!” 

“Oh, yes. She did.” Although, considering the circumstances at the time and all that has happened since then, she thinks she can be forgiven for allowing that detail to slip her mind. “So,” she continues when the following silence becomes more and more awkward as the tugs and pulls and coaxings work downward, no doubt revealing the fact that she had declined to wear a corset today... as usual. At least her shrift still covers her skin... Still, the fabric of it is awfully sheer... 

Alice clears her throat and tries again. “So, how many other couples have completed the Courting?” 

“That you are acquainted with?” he confirms after a moment. 

She nods. 

For a long moment, he doesn’t answer. His fingers continue their convoluted path, unthreading ribbons and poking at buttons. “I’m afraid I am only aware of Bayard and Bielle... It is quite... rare... for a couple to successfully complete the Courting. As I mentioned. Earlier. To-day. In fact, my own parents courted for nigh on three years before they wed.” 

“Three years?!” 

“’Twas short by comparison to many others of my clan.” 

Alice has no reply to that. She is considering the Queen’s delight at their progress. Delight which is beginning to take on a whole new meaning and significance for her. 

“Outside of Outlanders,” Tarrant volunteers, “’tis rare for courtships to be completed. Lengthy as they often are.” 

“But it’s a custom... or it was? A custom of your family?” 

“Aye. No matter how long it took, the courtship was always done afore a couple wed.” 

Alice has no reply to that. Considering what Tarrant had just told her... well, their Coutship must seem indecently short to him! 

“Nearly finished,” he assures her, apparently for the sole purpose of pushing away the silence. 

Alice sighs. “This is why I prefer a tunic and breeches,” she grumbles. 

His fingers pause just as they reach the small of her back. “You... oh. Oh! Yes, I suppose, in light of our... understanding, this is most inappropriate.” 

He can ’t have that many more laces to untie or still-buttoned buttons to free, but Alice hears herself disagree. She is not ready for him to move away yet. She rather likes this moment, awkwardness aside. “No! What I meant was...” What had she meant? “I... Well, generally, I ’d rather not require help as if I’m a child incapable of dressing herself. In this case... I do not mind at all. Although, as you mentioned, in light of our understanding, I should. I should mind, I mean.” 

“Yes. I should as well,” he concedes. His fingers resume their wrestling with the gown’s fastidiously fastened fastenings. 

This new silence that seeps into the air between them is Different. It is charged with something very much like expectation, like possibilities. There is nothing to distract her from those possibilities and Alice thinks of how easy it would be for Tarrant to lean forward until his breath caresses her bare neck. In less than a moment, he might reach down, grab fistfuls of her skirt, press himself against her... She remembers feeling him moving – thrusting – against her at the Berrying, that part of him hard and swollen within his trousers... It had made her entire body blossom with heat. She feels that warmth again now, shimmering out from her core, from between her legs and deep within her belly, in waves of Want. 

She forces herself to stop thinking it. There will be time for those sensations later. Later! 

“There you are... Or, rather, your shrift. There. Er, now. Yes. Fine, good. I’ll just... give you a moment.” 

She dares to look over her shoulder at him now, to see his eyes and record the fact that he is staring at where her gown gapes open in the back. And, is it her imagination or is his right eye slowly turning from green to red? From the outer ring of the iris inward? 

“Thank you,” she whispers. The sound of her voice seems to snap him out of his trance. 

“Yes, yes! Thank you. You’re welcome. I’ll take a moment on the balcony, I think.” She watches as he does just that... crossing the room at a rather hurried pace. 

Alice hastens to get changed. She dresses for bed as she normally would. (They are married but that is no reason for her to suddenly decide to wear her uncomfortable underwear beneath her nightgown. Nothing will happen tonight... unfortunately.) She takes down her hair and brushes it out. Not tonight, perhaps, not when all of this is so new and uncertain and tremulous, but perhaps another night, she might ask him if he would mind brushing out her hair for her. Yes, it is a contradiction to her earlier statement of disliking assistance with her daily toilet, but in this case... in the case of that assistance coming from Tarrant... She feels Differently. 

She washes her face and, checking to make sure that her robe is securely fastened over her nightgown, she steps out onto the balcony. She stands next to him, just as she had earlier that day, just as she had so long ago when there had been a Jabberwocky that required slaying. 

“What are you thinking?” she asks softly when his expression continues to shift and change but he does not acknowledge her presence. 

“I’m thinkin’ abou’ hauw much I luv ye,” he whispers, “an’ hauw frightened I am o’ all the ways I could...” 

She reaches out and takes his arm. “Everything is fine. And, in two weeks, it will be even better. I promise.” 

He turns and looks at her, leans toward her, and presses his lips to hers, all in one smooth motion. She leans into the touch but he is already retreating. “Thank you, Alice,” he whispers on a note of finality and she forces herself to not insist on more than what he had just given her. 

“My pleasure.” Incomplete as it is... 

His giggle is as sudden as it is strained, a sound that escapes him before he can intervene and reroute it. “And mine as well,” he admits, his lips twitching upward in a smile. 

And then he notices her state of dress. 

“Alice! What are you doing standing out here without any slippers? Here, come inside. Shall I tuck you in?” 

“You’re not my father,” she jokes, allowing him to pull her back into the room. 

“No,” he says, pausing. “I am not.” 

“I’m glad,” she says, just to clarify the point. 

He sighs. Alice is mostly sure it is a happy sound. He continues toward the large, canopy bed. Alice stands beside him as he turns down the quilt, blanket, and sheet and fluffs the pillows. 

“Just one is fine,” she says and he immediately removes the excess, tossing them over his shoulder and onto the sofa on the other side of the room. 

Finished warming the bed up to her imminent occupancy, he pats the mattress and holds the covers up for her. Grinning, Alice complies and slides between the sheets. She watches as he tucks her in and smoothes her hair gently behind her ears. 

“Good night, Alice,” he whispers, leaning back and glancing toward the sofa. In that instant, his intentions become perfectly clear. 

She hastily snakes an arm out and catches his jacket sleeve. “You’re not thinking of sleeping over there, are you?” 

Tarrant looks up at her, his eyes wide and throat working. “No,” he replies. “I have decided on sleeping over there. I expect in a few minutes neither you nor I will be thinking of much at all as Sleep does tend to be a rather solitary sort of fellow. Demands one’s full attention as well. Won’t share a mind with Thought or Thinking.” 

“But we don’t have to be. Solitary, I mean. We’re married and—” 

He shakes his head a bit frantically. “No, Alice.” 

“But—” 

“Please,” he rasps, disentangling his sleeve from her grasp and placing his hand over her mouth. He does not touch her skin, merely hovers his fingers over her lips. Alice leans forward and brashly kisses them. 

“Please, Tarrant,” she counters and he visibly shudders. “I will behave myself.” 

He shakes his head again and stands. 

“You’re really going to make me sleep alone on our wedding night?” If she weren’t so shocked, she would accuse him of being cruel. “Couldn’t you just...?” 

Tarrant backs away a step. “No, Alice. I’m afraid I... I can’t.” 

The words on the tip of her tongue order themselves into a plea: he wouldn’t have to stay all night, just until she falls asleep...! Her gaze moves over him in the shadows of the room. He is tense and fearful... and she can’t ignore the slight bulge she doesn’t think she imagines filling out the front of his trousers. 

She bites back her request. Perhaps another time he will be able to spend a few moments lying beside her in their bed without anything... untoward happening. Unfortunately, tonight is not that time. 

“Sweet dreams, then,” she murmurs, tucking her arm back beneath the covers. 

He smiles, relieved, and rewards her with a quick kiss to her forehead. “I shall endeavor to do that very thing. But... ladies first!” 

“I’m not a lady,” she grumbles. 

He giggles. “More so than I am!” 

She snorts. “And yet, once upon a time, I remember you calling me a wee little boy! ” 

“Did I?” he inquires with what appears to be honest surprise. “I was quite mistaken, in that case. Why-ever would I say such a thing? One might think I was trying to throw a Bluddy Behg Hid off the scent of the wonderfully aromatic Alice sitting right beside her!” 

“Well,” she replies, grinning widely, “I don’t know how many people would think that... but this one finds it very plausible.” 

He giggles. “I’m glad.” 

“Me, too. Thank you, Tarrant. For...” Her throat slams shut before she can finish the thought. Luckily, Tarrant does not need her to. 

He reaches out and tweaks a lock of hair behind her shoulder. “Pleasurable dreams, Alice,” he bids her. And then she snuggles down into the too-large, too-cold bed as he crosses the room and begins making up his own bed on the sofa. He doffs his hat – which once more has the salmon-colored Hightopp heirloom sash wrapped around it – shrugs out of his jacket, unties his ascot, toes off his shoes and lays down. 

“You could remove your waistcoat as well,” she suggests, making him startle. 

“Alice! Why were you...? Well, watching someone undress themselves is quite...!” And then he sighs, giggling. “Muchy,” he concludes and then sits up and, with a blur of fingers, divests himself of his vest. “Pleasant night, Alice,” he says decidedly and then rolls over, presenting his back to her. 

Alice relents. “Good night, Tarrant.” With determination, she closes her eyes and summons Sleep.