Story: Creamy Bondage (F+/M)

I entered the nondescript office suite and pressed the buzzer.  I 
heard a click and the door unlocked.  I turned the latch and entered.  
A blonde haired female with glasses and large brown eyes looked up and 
smiled.

"Let me see your membership card," she crisply said.

I silently pulled out the card and handed it to her.  She looked at 
it, and then at me for a few seconds.  She handed it back to me and 
typed something at her keyboard and peered at the monitor screen.

"You haven't seen Mistress Donna yet, have you?" she asked.

"N-no, I don't recall having seen her," I replied.

"I think you might like her," the large-eyed girl said.  She wore a 
name tag that said "EMILY".  Then she picked up the phone and pressed 
a few numbers and after a moment said, "Joanie, come up here.  I have 
a client to prepare."  She listened for a moment, then giggled, and 
hung up.

A couple minutes later another girl entered, and Emily got up and told 
me to follow her.  We walked down a hallway and into another room.  
The room was furnished with a padded table, cabinets, and a bathroom 
off to the side.

"Strip, now," Emily directed.  "Everything off, and then stand in the 
center of this room with your hands up behind your head.  I'll go get 
Mistress Donna."

I felt silly standing naked all alone in the center of the room.  I 
stayed like that a few minutes and then heard voices.  Emily and 
another woman stood in front of me.

The contrast between the two women was amazing.  Emily, a blonde woman 
with eyeglasses, a white uniform with white sneakers; Donna, a taller 
brunette (actually, beautiful reddish brown hair) with a white blouse, 
short black skirt, black heels, and a no-nonsense air about her.  She 
held a manila folder and frequently alternated her attention between 
its contents and me.  I could not help gazing at her beautiful bare 
legs.  They were smooth and firm.

Donna noticed that, and with a hint of a smile, asked, "Do you like 
what you see?"

"Yes... yes ma'am." I replied.  I felt a certain chemistry between me 
and Miss Donna.  I felt that she liked me, and I know that I liked 
her.  The fact of a domme liking a client frequently means that she is 
more severe with him than she is with others.

"Okay, Emily," she said, after another pause.  "I want you to give him 
two enemas, bathe him, bind him to the post, and insert an inflatable 
butt plug.  In that order.  Then let me know."

"Yes, miss Donna," Emily said as Donna turned to leave the room.

"Get up on the table and lie on your tummy while I fix your enema," 
Emily directed.  I anxiously waited the several minutes for the 
bespectacled blonde to prepare my enema.  I had received enemas at 
this clinic previously, and they are not easy.  The idea of taking 
more than two quarts nonstop while the giver ignores your pleas for 
relief, is arousing outside the session, but it's very difficult while 
it's happening.

"Okay, we're about ready," Emily gleefully said while she placed the 
bulging enema bag on the stainless steel stand.  "I've got two full 
quarts of warm sudsy enema for you.  Let's get that nozzle inside...  
Okay, now, you're going to take it all."

She pushed the long, wide nozzle into me and I heard the click of the 
hose clamp being released.  Some jets of water spurted into me, and 
then a constant stream.

I gripped the edges of the table as I lay there with the sudsy 
solution inexorably intruding.  About a half minute into the flow, I 
felt extremely full.

"AHHHH-AHHHHH!" I exclaimed as a cramp gripped me.  I twisted and 
writhed.  Emily simply stood by, her hands on her hips, and observed.

"OH, I'm full!" I said as the enema relentlessly coursed inside me.  A 
cramp evoked more squirming and exclaiming from me about every thirty 
seconds.

When the bag was nearly empty, Emily placed her hands on it and gave a 
squeeze to get the last bit of enema solution out.

"AHHH!" I nearly shouted as a few more ounces intruded.

"Now you must retain your enema for a few minutes," she said sweetly.  
"Here, turn over on your back."

She helped me rock back and forth, which alleviated the internal 
cramping.  Finally she told me to get rid of the enema.  About twenty 
minutes later I was back on the table getting my second enema - this 
time on my back.  Emily told me she put as much water as she could 
into the bag this time.  It went in a bit easier, although I still got 
very full and experienced cramping.  Emily lightly brushed the insides 
of my thighs with her slender fingers as I retained the enema.  After 
a suitable retention period I got rid of the enema again.

Emily led me to another room and stripped down to her panties.  Then 
she had me lie on a specially built table which was configured for the 
purpose of taking a shower on it.  Emily put on some rubber shoes 
(they nicely showed off her bare legs) and turned on the water that 
came from a hand-held sprayer.  The sprayer had different settings, 
easily changed with one hand - one setting resulted in a pleasantly 
scented soap and water mixture, another setting was for rinsing.

She got a sponge and sprayed me all over my front side with the soap 
solution, and then washed me.  She sprayed more soapy water on my now 
erect cock and testicles, and used her hands to clean them instead of 
the sponge.  That felt good.  Then I got on my tummy and she scrubbed 
my back, legs, and bottom.  After that, she made a deliberate point of 
working the soapy water with her hands in the intimate parts of my 
backside.  I squirmed in pleasure as she kept feeling and teasing back 
there.  Then she rinsed me down.

I dried myself, and Emily led me into an adjoining room.  It was one 
of the several bondage rooms in the clinic.  She led me to a wooden 
floor-to-ceiling post and told me to put my arms around it.  The post 
was about fourteen inches in diameter.  I hugged the post, and she put 
wrist cuffs on me and clipped them in place.  Then she secured a 
binding strap around my waist and tightened it.

"Now for the butt plug," Emily remarked.  She lubricated me with her 
finger, and then slowly inserted a plug that felt rather hard.

"Ahhh-AAAAAAH!" I exclaimed when she shoved the widest part past my 
sphincter.  She attached a short length of tubing to the plug and let 
the squeeze bulb hang down.

"There we go," she said.  "Now the fun begins.  I'll go get Miss 
Donna."

A few minutes later I heard the door open and close, and then Miss 
Donna's voice.

"He's really hugging that post.  Must be because he likes it.  He's 
going to look like he's fucking it before long, when I use him with my 
strap-on."  Then I felt the butt plug expand inside me when she gave 
the bulb another squeeze.

"Ohhhh!"

"He's a moaner, Emily.  Do you like the way he moans?"

"Yes ma'am. I do!"

"Please bring my strap-on."

Miss Donna stepped around to where I could see her if I looked to one 
side.  She unfastened her short skirt and handed it to Emily, and 
grasped the harness with its probe.  I could not help noticing the 
fullness of her reddish-brown pubic hair.  Miss Donna noticed that as 
she stepped into the harness.  Her rather thick gel probe dangled from 
between her hips.  She made the adjustments and asked Emily to get the 
lubricant and stand by.  Then she deflated the butt plug and withdrew 
it.  It was sweet relief not to have the inflated plug there, even 
though I knew I'd soon have something else there.

I felt something small enter me and then a squirt of liquid, which I 
guessed was lubricant.  A moment later Donna's feminine hands spread 
my nether cheeks.  She positioned the tip of the probe at my sphincter 
and shoved it in a couple of inches.

"Ahhh!"

Her hands firmly grasped my hips.  Not that I could move much as it 
was.  Then over a period of about five seconds she pushed it in to the 
hilt.

"Ohhhhhh!"

I moaned further as she worked the probe in and out for several 
strokes.  She pulled out, presumably to put more lubricant on the 
probe, and rather brusquely entered me again.  Then she snuggled up 
close to me - I felt her legs on mine, and her blouse was in contact 
with my back.  Her hands tightly gripped my hips.

Then she pumped.  Steadily, she pumped.  Slowly at first, then picking 
up speed, she pumped and pumped.  When I wasn't voicing my loud moans 
I could hear her pant as she fucked me.

She pumped harder.  I tried to squirm and wiggle, and my motion was 
limited by my being securely tied to the post from the waist up.  I 
began to kick my legs with each thrust.

"Oh, Miss Donna!  Aaaugh!  Ooooh!  Uhhhh!  Oh!  OHHH! ..."

Emily spoke up.  "I LOVE the way he kicks his legs, Miss Donna!"

Donna was panting heavily now and her thrusts conveyed her arousal.

After several minutes, I begged her to stop.

"OH! Miss Donna! I'm getting sore! Please no more!"  

She appeared not to pay any attention to my pleading for a few 
moments, and kept pumping.

"Please - OH! Please Miss Donna! OH!  I can't - OH!"

I cried out from some especially hard thrusts, and then she Stopped.  
She stayed inside me, all the way to the hilt, for a few moments 
before pulling out.

"Next time, after I've fucked you good, I'll let Emily do you - as 
long and hard as she wants."  Then she turned to Emily.  "Please bind 
him to the narrow dildo bench and then call me."

Emily released my bonds and, with a smile of anticipation, led me to a 
narrow structure which was bolted to the floor.  The horizontal 
portion was about four feet long, and about eighteen inches from the 
floor.  There was a sheathed dildo attached to it, and another portion 
was angled slightly upward.

Emily gently guided me to sit on the bench so that the dildo 
penetrated me.  Then she had me lie back, and my head was a little 
higher than my bottom.  She bound my ankles to the narrow padded bench 
about twelve inches apart, and then bound my wrists to the bench just 
below where the dildo was.

Then she left the room.  The dildo constantly pressed on my prostate, 
and I got an involuntary erection.

A few minutes later Emily and Miss Donna returned.  They both stripped 
completely except for their shoes - Miss Donna's black heels, and 
Emily's sneakers.  My erection hardened and danced before them.  Miss 
Donna then placed clamps on my nipples and tightened them until I 
squirmed and cried out.

"Perfect," she said to Emily.

Then she straddled the bench, and, while standing, brought her pussy 
close to my face.  Her labia, nestled in her reddish-brown pubic hair, 
glistened with her juices.

"Get to work there," she ordered, and maneuvered so that her pussy 
touched my lips.  She bent her knees slightly and placed her hands on 
her hips.  I wished that I could grasp her smooth thighs as I licked 
and kissed her creamy pussy.  She moaned softly as I continued.  I 
became more excited and kissed that creamy pussy energetically.  At 
times she pulled back, and her pussy was just beyond my reach.  Then 
she brought it back to my mouth.  When I had worked on her for ten 
minutes, she had generated abundant female cream which dripped onto my 
face.  When her orgasm took hold she made sure her pussy was firmly 
planted on my mouth as she moaned loudly.

Miss Donna stepped back and said, "That wasn't bad - now let's see if 
you can please Emily."

The blonde haired Emily was less subtle as she straddled me and pushed 
her aroused snatch against my mouth.  I caught glimpses of her firm 
thighs at the same time that I tasted her honey.  I desperately wanted 
to feel her legs and thighs with my hands as I worked on her, but was 
prevented from doing so by my bonds.  It did not take her long to 
climax.  Afterward, she backed off and spread her pussy lips.  Since 
she was a profuse lubricator, she ejected a fair amount of stringy 
pussy cream onto my chest.

Her face flushed, she withdrew from her straddling position and waited 
for Miss Donna's direction.  My insides ached from the pressure of the 
dildo inside me.

"Get him nice and hard for me," Donna instructed Emily.  "Use the ice 
cube treatment."

Emily smiled knowingly and left the room for a few moments.  In the 
interim, Miss Donna tightened the nipple clamps until I squirmed and 
groaned.  Interestingly, I became erect from the increased sensation 
from my nipples being pinched.  Emily returned with a bowl of ice 
cubes and set it on a cart close by.  She placed an ice cube in her 
mouth and began a lengthy process of stimulating and teasing me that 
just about drove me wild.

After swishing the ice cube around in her mouth for a minute or so, 
she let it fall out into the bowl.  Then she took my erection inside 
her mouth and slowly, tantalizingly worked on it.  The shock of the 
coldness in her mouth from the ice made me harder, and she was careful 
to avoid bringing me past the point of no return.  Often she ceased 
all motion and, with her lips surrounding my cock, simply looked at me 
with her big eyes for a moment, and then resumed her slow, teasing 
motion.  Then when the coldness wore off, she withdrew, put an ice 
cube in her mouth for a few moments, and started the process over 
again.

I wanted to ejaculate in Emily's mouth, but she ensured that I didn't 
cross the line.  I panted and squirmed - my insides ached from the 
dildo, and my nuts ached from unfulfilled desire.  Emily, after 
teasing my cock until I was half crazy with desire, removed my nipple 
clamps.  Then she stepped to the side, and Miss Donna stood with her 
hands on her hips and gazed at my wet, erect, seeping cock.  It swayed 
like a tree in the wind, desperately wanting her touch.

She picked up an ice cube and inserted it into her vagina.  I had 
never heard of a woman doing that before.  Then she put one leg over 
to the other side of the bench and stood above my midsection.  My cock 
danced before her.  She bent forward and placed her hands on my chest. 
 Then with her characteristically sensuous smile she asked, "It looks 
like you want some relief."

"Oh, yes!" I coarsely whispered.  My cock jerked and twitched.  

"Listen, Rick," she said in a half whisper.  "If I let you cum, will 
you promise to eat my pussy?  Suck on my snatch?"

I didn't understand why she would ask that - I enjoyed giving her 
pussy my oral attentions before.

"Yes, Miss Donna!" I exclaimed.

"No matter what?  Even if you don't feel like it?"

I figured she was further teasing me.  After all that stimulation I 
really craved release.  The ache in my groin was becoming more 
intense.  My prostate was throbbing against the dildo, and my rigid 
member oozed pre-cum.

"Yes - no matter what."

She stood up and straddled the bench so that the tip of my cock was 
about an inch from her pussy lips.  She lewdly pumped her hips back 
and forth, obviously enjoying the desperation evident from my cock's 
further dancing and twitching.

Then she lightly grasped my cock with her hand and, barely touching 
it, stroked it a few times.  It stiffened further, and she placed its 
tip at her vaginal entrance for a moment.  Then with a slight push, 
she had me enter her about two inches, and paused.  Then she looked 
into my eyes as she slowly swallowed my full length into her 
womanhood.  I moaned as it went in to the hilt.  I felt the refreshing 
coolness of where the ice cube had been before I displaced it, along 
with the slippery warmth of her inner recesses.

I had not expected such an ecstatic turn of events, and wondered if 
she was going to withdraw before my ejaculation.  I dared not 
seriously entertain the idea that she would bring me across the finish 
line while I was inside her.

Slowly and deliberately, Miss Donna moved her hips in a way that kept 
me excited without bringing me to ejaculation.  Her eyes, constantly 
gazing into mine, wordlessly told me that she enjoyed the feel of my 
hardness within her.

"Emily - his nipples," Miss Donna said, and her assistant walked 
behind me and reached around and placed her hands on my chest and 
grasped my nipples between thumb and forefinger.  Miss Donna remained 
standing and spread her legs while bringing her thighs closer 
together, and placed her hands on her hips.  My throbbing erection was 
nestled about one third of the way inside her.

"Okay," she said, and Emily began to pinch my nipples - hard.  I cried 
out from the pain, and at the same time felt a thrill of excitement 
course through my cock.  Her technique was to pinch hard for a few 
seconds, and then softly for a moment.  After a few repetitions of the 
pinching I pumped my hips furiously when she squeezed.  The sensation 
was so intense that I could not help struggling in the only way that I 
could.

I am sure that they planned it this way, for when I pumped my hips, I 
not only experienced the exquisite pleasure of thrusting inside 
Donna's pussy, but also felt the unmistakable sensation of the dildo 
fucking me from behind.

Emily pinched harder and longer.  "Oh please!" I cried out.  "That 
hurts - Aaaah!  Aaaaah!"

Emily was relentless.  The harder she pinched, the more furiously I 
pumped.  The mixture of concurrent pleasure and pain meant that I gave 
Donna the experience of my thrusting cock for a while before I felt 
the beginning tingle of approaching ejaculation.

Once that started, though, it gradually built up from my aching 
midsection.  Emily pinched even harder.  Amid my outcries and furious 
pumping the sensual tingling feeling became stronger and rapidly built 
up.  Miss Donna puckered her lips sensuously.  Her somewhat disheveled 
dark hair framed her face beautifully.  A slight smile crossed her 
lips, and I started to ejaculate.

"Aaaaaaaugh!" I shouted, and felt a stream of semen forcibly eject 
from my insides.  Subsequent to that, the pulses of my ejaculation 
were slow, gripping, and powerful.  Emily released her hold on my 
nipples as soon as it was apparent to her that I was spurting.  I 
continued to spurt into Donna's womanhood for what seemed as long 
time.  When my ejaculation subsided she milked me with her pussy for a 
few minutes.

"Okay, it's time to come through," Miss Donna remarked, and slowly 
withdrew.  "Emily, why don't you hold him..."

I felt Emily's hands on each side of my head, and Donna, with her 
fingers pressing her pussy lips closed, positioned her hips just above 
my face.  

"Open," she instructed.

As I opened my mouth she withdrew her hand from her pussy and pressed 
herself gently against my lips.

"Now suck on it..."

I felt a volume of warm viscous liquid enter my mouth - so much that I 
gulped it down.  Miss Donna moaned loudly.  I sucked on her snatch and 
she kept ejecting the mixture of her cream and mine into my mouth - 
her pussy lips pulsed.  I swallowed again. She climaxed loudly, and 
again a moment later.  By that time my face was well glazed with the 
residue of the combination of our juices.

Emily released my bindings and I cleaned up in the other room while 
they got dressed.  I was totally spent when I returned to the bondage 
room.

"How was that?" Emily inquired.  I mentioned that although it was 
grueling, it was well worth it.

Miss Donna said, "You gave me a nice big load of cum.  I think maybe 
we can get even more out of you next time."

I didn't know how that was possible, but I was curious how they would 
do that, and the thought aroused me such that I was determined to come 
back and find out.

-----
This work is copyright 2004, 2006 by the author.  Commercial use is 
prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story 
unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either 
directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and 
provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author 
(rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com) are maintained.  Please see my other stories at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
