The Game
by bournexx15

The Game Part 1

Sixteen-year old Allisah went to go and get the mail and she opened the flap to see a decent sized envelope. The size that was used to mail important documents that couldn't be folded. She looked at the front of it and saw no return address, only her name written in black sharpie market. She walked inside and sets her parents mail on the kitchen table.

She walked up to her room, sat on the edge of her bed and opened the envelope. Her eyes go wide as she pulled out pictures that were of her being ...ed by her teachers! Allisah was shaking and started pacing back forth while looking at the pictures on her bed. She then noticed on the back of one of the pictures was a flashdrive.

I don't want to know what's on that but it could also have answers to who took these pictures. Allisah thought as she took the drive and plugged it into her laptop.

There was only one file to click which was titled 'Play Me.' Allisah clicked it and a window popped open with a black screen.

Hello Allisah Fuches, I wanna play a game." a person using a voice scrambler said. "You would rather sleep your way through highschool rather then get a good education."

Another screen popped up showing Allisah bent over a desk and being ...ed.

"You would rather destroy marriages then be faithful to your boyfriend."

Another screen popped up, this one had Allisah ...ing in a bed that was not hers and this one had audio. "Boy you're a a lot tighter then my wife."

"And you're a lot bigger then my boyfriend." Allisah moaned.

Allisah watched with horror and anger.

"So, if you don't want these pictures and videos of your whore lifestyle all over the web, then you better win the game. The first game is very simple, all you have to do is make your Instagram account public, strip down to you lingeire, take a picture, front and back then caption it feeling sexy followed by posting it."

Allisah then saw a time appear on screen, counting down from sixty. She stood up, not wanting to do what they demanded but she also couldn't have those pictures and videos seen by anyone. The timer was on thirty and she she stripped down to her lingerie and grabbed her phone. She took the picture of her front and then looked over her shoulder to take the picture.

After posting it the timer stopped on five and Allisah pressed her head against the desk. She picked her head and realized something. "If this was a recording, how did that timer stop without me hitting pause? Allisah thought.

She looked closely at the screen and in the darkness saw a hooded figure appeared. "Congratulations on passing the first game."

"How are you doing that." demanded Allisah.

"If you weren't too busy sucking the computer teachers cock then you would have leaned to be careful when plugging in flash drives from strangers as they could have nasty viruses."

Allisah grabbed the drive and yanked it out.

"Afraid that won't work Allisah, once you clicked that file, you gave me all the access to your computer."

Allisah was furious. "I'll kill you, come meet me in person and I'll ...ing kill you."

"We will meet in due time Allisah, for now prepare yourself for the games have just begun."


The Game Part 2

The next day as Allisah walked onto the bus, she looked at everyone. They all had the same and she knew why. She took a seat in the back and peaking thier hear over the seat in front of her was Bobby.

"You know last night I was treated with the delightful pleasure of you making your Instagram profile public. Then, like Christmas, BAM!! I see a lingiere picture of you and boy do you have a sweet ass."

Bobby was always a pervert but not a smart one. Allisah thought. I and other girls are always cathing him checking out other girls asses. He has no shame or brains, no way he was behind this.

"Thanks, I think."

"So I have to know what made you go public?"

"Just got tired of all the requests." which wasn't a lie, she did get a lot of them.

"Well keep the sexy pictures coming."

I have a feeling they will be. Allisah thought.

At school, during first period, Allisah was trying to figure out who could behind her blackmailing. She looked down at her phone as she had a new text message. 

Time for game #2.

Allisah was in shocked. How did you get my number?

Just like with flash drives, you should be careful about emails you click. You got a free gift card but I have access to your phone.

Allisah was furious but before she could respond another message popped up.

All you have to do is be a bad girl and get a canning.

You can't be serious??

Your school still supports the corporal punishment system so yes I'm serious besides it's not like you don't enjoy it.

A GIF was sent to her, Allisah was on all fours being whacked on the ass with a ruler. Then a time popped up, counting down form thirty. She didn't want to play along but she had not choice. So she stood up and everyone looked at her, including the teacher. 

"... THIS CLASS!!"

"Excuse me Miss Fuches?" asked the teacher.

Allisah looked at the time, fifteen seconds. "... THIS CLASS AND ... YOU!!!"

"That's it, front and center right now!"

Allisah looked at her phone, the time time stopped with five seconds left. She walked up to the front and was told to bend over the desk. She did as she was told and the button on her pants was undone along with the zipper was pulled down. They were yanked around her ankles while her thong was pulled around her knees.

"Now, who should have the pleasure of disciplining you?"

This was Crowley's way of punishing her students. Make them punish one another and sure Allisah had posted a picture of herself in lingiere but this was in person and she had no underwear on!

"I know!" Crowley said snapping her fingers. "Justin Nolan."

Justin was the star of the baseball team being known for the most home runs on his team. Justin walked up to the front and was given a canning rod.

"Now, crack her ass like you're hitting for a home run."

"Yes ma'am."

He cocked his arms back and swung at Allisah's ass. It cut the air and slammed into her ass, making a loud CRACK!! As it made contact with her one as cheek. "ARRRGGGGGGHHHHHH!!'

Justin swung again and again, making sure to strike each each cheek. Each time, Allisah whimpered, and each time her ass grew more red. After the tenth strike, Crowley stopped Justin and Crowley looked into Allisah's tear filled eyes.

"You are to remain like this for the rest of class."

Allisah nods and Crowley went on with her lesson. At the end of the class, Crowley had every student smack Allisah's ass before they left. The girls slapped hard but the boys took an extra second to give her ass a good squeeze as well. 

After the last boy, Allisah was slow to pull up her panties and her pants. "I hope you learned a lesson." Said Crowley.

"I did."

The rest of the day in her class, Allisah looked at the teachers she's ...ed and wondered if they were part of this game and if they were what were their games?

At home, Allisah's mom knocked on her bedroom door. "A package came for you today sweetie."

"Just leave it on my bed."

Her mom sets it down. "Is everything ok sweetie?"

"Yeah, just school problems."

"Well if you want to talk about anything, I'm here for you."

"Thanks mom."

She left and Allisah looked at the unmark package not wanting to know what was in it. Before she could open it her computer came on and there was the black screen.

"Before you go to bed, I want you play a quick game." the voice said. "All you have to do is post this picture with the caption, I was naughty today hehe.

Allisah looked at the screen and saw pic of her red ass as she was bent over the desk. She wondered how the picture was taken as the angle was too akward for a person to take with their phone.

A timer counting down from fifteen appeared and Allisah hovered her mouse curose over the post button. As it counted down from five, she hit post, tearing up.

"Save those tears Allisah, it only get's worse from here and enjoy gym tomorrow, I gave you a special outift. I think it will suite your personality."


