Mother and the Daughter


Recently while I was on a business trip for a few days I had what was
a rather unexpected but delightful experience. I was staying in one
of the new suite hotels and was traveling alone planning on spending
my time at company meetings and watching TV in my room. I went down
to the lobby to get a drink as the hotel offered free cocktails
between 5:00 and 7:00. As I had little to do and knew not a soul I
began to wander around the lobby watching the people as they milled
around and socialized. The Lobby was quite crowded and it took me a
while to find a place to sit but eventually I sat down at a table
somewhat removed from the main activity and quietly sat back with my
drink pondering my dinner options. After a short while two women came
up to my table and asked if they could join me, as there were no
other tables available.
The first was an woman was about my age 40 and was trim and wore a
skirt jacket and blouse and looked like a business professional. She
had long black hair and was quite attractive having a slim figure and
nice firm breasts. Although she was not very tall 5'2" I would guess,
her figure was in keeping with her height and she wore one of the new
shorter skirts showing she wasn't afraid to show her legs, which were
slim and attractive. The second woman was quite a bit younger and
than the first and as I quickly found out was the first woman's
daughter. She wore a trim dress and was a bit taller than her mother
with silky hair and a fantastic figure, in short she was quite
beautiful and I would have jumped at the chance to take her back to
my room. After a brief period of conversation I learned that the
mother, Aditi and her daughter Rupa ran their own travel agency and
were in town to attend a meeting at the hotel. I found myself aroused
by these ladies but figured with mother and daughter together I would
stand little chance of getting either of them to spend some time with
me privately. After another drink and some polite conversation I
asked the ladies what their dinner plans were as I was alone and
would like to share my table with them. I figured any company was
better than eating alone, to my surprise they accepted and we
adjourned to the hotel restaurant to eat.
Throughout dinner we kept up an interesting conversation and I
learned that Aditi had opened the travel agency after she had gotten
divorced and that she and her two daughters ran it as a family
business. As we were finishing dinner I felt a bit dejected knowing I
would now go back to my room and sit around and watch the TV until
bedtime. Not wanting the evening to end I suggested we go out
together and see if we could find some interesting nightspot. Aditi
said she was a bit tired and really wasn't up to going out but said
she and Rupa had planned to go for a swim in the pool and asked me if
I would like to join them. I immediately answered yes as I wanted to
get a better look at both ladies and this would offer me a good
reason for not slumping down in front of the TV. We all went to our
rooms to change I and learned that Aditi and Rupa were sharing a room
on the same floor as I. Changing quickly I went down to the pool and
got some drinks of us and jumped in to refresh myself. Just as I was
finishing some laps I saw Aditi and Rupa and sat down offering them
the drinks. After a bit Aditi and Rupa took off their robes and we
all jumped in the pool. Aditi was wearing a yellow bikini which was
quite small and showed off her large firm breasts nicely. Her stomach
was flat and hard and she had great hips and a nice firm ass despite
her age. Aditi 's nipples hardened as soon as she got in the cool
water and I had all I could do to not stare at them openly.
Rupa was a knockout, she was wearing a tank suit of very clingy white
material which showed her figure off well. Rupa's firm tits sported
hard nipples even before she got wet and once she was in the water
her wet suit clung to her like a second skin and clearly showed off
her firm mound with a hint of bush around her crotch. I was having a
difficult time making polite conversation and even in the cool water
my cock was beginning to harden.
We swam for a while then went to the low end of the pool and just
stood around swapping stories and talking. Rupa was a bit fidgety and
circled around her mother and I for a while until she ducked under
the water and pulled Aditi 's legs out from under her dumping her in
the water. This set off a friendly scuffle with Aditi going after her
daughter Rupa and ending up with her dunking me. Well things were
getting friendlier every minute and soon I was after both ladies bent
on revenge. I grabbed Aditi around the waist and tried to pull her
into the deeper water but she wiggled around so much I couldn't get
her where I wanted so I just pulled her legs up and down she went.
You can't imagine my surprise when she surfaced missing her top. Her
tits were better than I had imagined full firm and with stiff
nipples, I immediately apologized and said I was sorry. Aditi made no
move to cover up and as it was late and we were the only people left
in the pool area she started after me determined to pay me back. By
this time I already had a raging erection and was planning to let her
catch me if only to feel those full firm tits against me in the
struggle. To my surprise I felt a pair of hands grab my suit and pull
it to my ankles in one quick swipe. Rupa seeing what had happened had
beaten her mother to the punch. I struggled to keep my balance but
with my suit around my ankles and Aditi closing in for the kill there
wasn't much I could do. I decided to just stand still and see what
developed so to speak so I didn't move and just let Aditi move in on
me with my suit around my ankles and my cock sticking out hard as a
rock. Aditi reached down into the water and grabbed my prick and
slowly drew herself to me. I watched as Rupa closed in on us as Aditi
brought her firm tits up against my chest and rubbed the head of my
cock against her crotch. I reached out and put my arms around Aditi
and held her close to me feeling her stiff warm nipples against my
chest. I kissed Aditi forcing my tongue deep into her wet hot mouth.
I felt Aditi's bikini bottoms being tugged down and turned to see her
daughter Rupa the top of her tank suit off her shoulders and her firm
young tits exposed as she struggled pulling her mothers suit off her
hips. Aditi kept holding me and once her suit was down pushed the
head of my fully erect cock between her hot pussy lips.
I let out a low moan as my cock entered Aditi 's hot slippery pussy.
Aditi smiled and wrapped her legs around my hips taking my full 7
inches into her hot tight pussy.
Once Aditi was fully impaled on my cock I began to gently thrust in
and out of her hot wet pussy as Rupa pressed up against her mother's
back and my hands, which were around Aditi 's back. I reached one
hand out and began to fondle Rupa's firm breast and rolled her hard
nipple gently between my fingers. Rupa reached around her mother and
cupped her mother's full firm tits bringing them above the surface of
the water and began to squeeze them as she rolled her mother's
nipples in much the same way I was teasing hers. I could not speak
for almost a minute and I just kept staring at these two hot women,
mother and daughter enjoying the pleasure of their bodies. Soon Aditi
began to tense up, her climax approaching and as she began to quiver
with orgasm I poured my own hot river of cum up her clutching pussy.
After her climax Aditi released her legs from around my hips and
slowly slipped to a standing position next to me. She turned to her
daughter Rupa and kissed her as she cupped her daughter's tits and
rubbed her thumbs over the nipples. She told Rupa she should have
worn her bikini so she could enjoy the fun too. I told both ladies I
wanted them to come back with me to my room so we could enjoy the
evening together and Rupa answered by grabbing my cock and looking at
her mother saying I think we should he's still hard and I need some
fun too. I reached down and pulled the crotch of Rupa's suit to one
side and gently rubbed her pussy opening her slippery lips and
inserting first one then two fingers into her tight young cunt. I
rubbed her clit with my thumb as her mother continued to fondle her
daughter's breasts and rub the stiff erect nipples. Rupa was begging
me to make her cum but the cool water made it impossible. Aditi
seeing her daughter's dilemma suggested we all go upstairs to some
more private location to continue our lovemaking.
We put our suits on got out and dried off and finished our drinks. I
told them to come over to my room but they insisted I join them
instead so we went back upstairs and I left them to change out of my
wet suit.
I could barely contain my delight at the prospect of fucking this
mother and daughter pair and I could tell that they wanted it too as
well as each other something that turned me on all the more. When we
reached my door Aditi gave me her room key saying Rupa had hers and
grabbed my still stiff cock through my suit. I reached down and
pressed my hand into Aditi 's crotch and then into Rupa's promising I
would be right over.
As I closed the door my mind raced with thoughts of Rupa and Aditi
sprawled on the bed naked and open to my desires. I quickly stripped
off my suit and grabbed a quick shower washing the chlorine off me
and shaved so I would not be scratchy when I went between their legs
to lick and suck their pussies. I finished quickly and put on some
jeans and a shirt combed my hair and headed out for room 429. I
knocked on the door and then remembered I had a key and used it to
open their door. As I stepped in I saw Rupa standing behind the small
bar her tits were exposed and she was fixing a drink.
Putting the key down I went around the bar and confirmed my suspicion
the she was naked. I could hear the shower running and asked her if
Aditi was in the shower she told me mom will be out in a minute and
asked me if I wanted to get comfortable. I told her yes and she began
to strip me taking off my shirt and pants and pulling off my shoes.
While Rupa was stripping me I rubbed and stroked her slim body
feeling the heat rise off her naked flesh. Once she was done I sat
her up on the edge of the bar kissed her and made my way down her hot
body licking and sucking her tits as my hands and fingers played with
her sweet pussy. I licked down her flat belly until my tongue reached
her wet cunt and I spread her pussy lips with my tongue and drove it
deep into her slippery vagina. Rupa had a great looking cunt and she
had shaved off all the hair on her pussy lips leaving only a small
dense patch of flaming black hair on her mound. I spread her legs
further and pushed two fingers into her cunt as I began to lash her
erect clit. My dick was like iron and I wanted to fuck Rupa's hot
pussy but I was determined to make her cum before I fucked her and
continued to eat her pussy until I felt her climax. Rupa came with a
gush and wet my face with her sweet sticky juices as she withered and
moaned in orgasm. Just as I finished licking her juices up I felt a
pair of warm hands grab my ass and spread my cheeks. I looked back
and saw Aditi behind me and nearly came as I felt her hot tongue lick
my balls and follow up swirling around my asshole. I stood transfixed
as Aditi probed my anus with her hot stiff tongue and massaged my
cock and balls. Rupa slid off the bar and knelt down in front of me
taking my stiff cock deep into her throat and reached between my legs
to squeeze her mother's big tits. I was close.  I was still spurting
my creamy load as Aditi grabbed my cock from her daughters lips and
rammed it down her own throat milking the rest of my load into her
hot mouth and swallowing my sperm in quick gulps.  to Cumming anyway
and I started to shoot my load down Rupa's hot mouth as Aditi pushed
her finger deep into my asshole. I filled Rupa's mouth with my thick
creamy sperm, which Rupa sucked down her throat.  I could not stand
any longer and dropped to my knees with pleasure. Mother and daughter
kissed licking my sperm from each other's lips as I regained my
strength.
As soon as I could I moved these hot women into the bedroom and layed
them out on the bed determined to fuck them through the night.
I first went down on Aditi spreading her legs and licking her stiff
clit as I probed her hot cunt and asshole with my fingers. While I
worked on her mothers pretty pussy and ass Rupa straddled her
mother's face and lowered her wet pussy to Aditi 's face and Aditi
ate her daughters sweet slit while probing her cunt and asshole. I
short order both Mother and Daughter climaxed, Aditi filling my mouth
with her sweet juices as Rupa poured out her climax on her mothers
lips and tongue. I move up to fuck Aditi 's hot wet cunt but she
stopped me telling me to fuck Rupa first, as she still had not felt
my cock in her pussy. I moved to Rupa's rear and pushed her head down
into her mothers pussy and she began to lick and suck her mom's cunt
and clit as she pushed her long slim fingers up her mother's cunt and
asshole. Aditi looked up at me from between her daughter's creamy
thighs and grabbed my cock, spreading Rupa's swollen pink pussy lips
Aditi placed the head of my hot hard cock into her daughters pulsing
cunt. Aditi started sucking Rupa's clit as I rammed my cock deep into
Rupa's hot wet pussy.
Rupa climaxed almost immediately but I kept up my pounding pace in
her slit until she was close to another climax. Licking my finger I
slowly pushed it up Rupa's twitching asshole making her climax again.
I started to cum as I watched Aditi 's legs thrashing around signaled
she had also reached orgasm. I pumped my sperm deep into Rupa's hot
vise like cunt as Aditi licked up the overflow of my passion from her
daughter's hot slippery pussy. I withdrew my now withering prick from
Rupa's hot cunt and continued to finger fuck her asshole while Aditi
licked and sucked my cock clean. Aditi now demanded my cock and I had
them reverse positions with Aditi on top and Rupa looking up into her
mother's pussy. Rupa stroked my stiff prick and guided me into her
mother's hot wet pussy.
Once I had buried my cock balls deep in Aditi 's hot wet slit I began
to probe her asshole with two fingers. Rupa had her mouth firmly
planted on her mothers pussy and was sucking and licking her mothers
stiff clit as I banged away in Aditi's tight hot cunt. Aditi had
pulled her daughters legs up and was eating Rupa's cum filled pussy
while she probed her cunt and asshole with long firm strokes. I felt
the by now familiar feeling of Aditi 's cunt and anus clamping down
on my cock and fingers as she approached her orgasm. I pounded my
cock up her cunt and flooded her pussy with another load of sticky
cum as she and Rupa twisted in orgasmic bliss. The ladies layed on
their sides recovering and slowly licking each other's pussies as I
watched and enjoyed the show. Shortly my cock began to rise again and
I moved around to Rupa's cunt and began to probe her hot slippery
cunt while her mother continued to lick her daughter's sweet pussy. I
spread Rupa's anus and began to finger her tight ass pucker while I
slowly pushed my cock in and out of her wet twat. Aditi grabbed
Rupa's ass cheek and spread her daughter's ass open even more as if
inviting me to fuck her there. I pulled out and Aditi grabbed my cock
wetting it in her mouth then placing the throbbing head at the
entrance to her daughters pulsing rectum. I slowly pushed into Rupa's
hot tight anus bringing a moan of pleasure to her lips. Once I had
forced my full seven inches into Rupa's hot ass Aditi began to tongue
fuck her daughter's hot pussy while she fingered my asshole in time
to my pounding strokes up her daughters anus.
Looking at Rupa I saw that she had her thumb rammed up her mothers
cunt and her index and middle fingers deeply up Aditi 's asshole
while she lashed at her mothers stiff protruding clit. I continued to
fuck Rupa's asshole until she climaxed twice and I filled her tight
little asshole with my sperm. Pulling out I moved quickly to Aditi 's
rear and Rupa begged me to fuck her mother's hot asshole.
Rupa spread her mother's wet anus and pushed the head of my still
swollen cock up Aditi 's pink puckered asshole. Aditi 's anus was hot
and tight and I probed her rectum with long hard strokes burying my
cock to my balls with every thrust. Soon Aditi was nearly incoherent
as her anal induced orgasm swept her body. Her asshole clamped down
hard and I felt like that I had my cock in a velvet vise this made me
climax and I filled Aditi 's hot ass with a load of my sticky juice.
I continued to fuck Aditi 's tight rear as I watched Rupa's face fill
with pleasure as her mother worked her magic on Rupa's cunt and
asshole bringing her daughter to a massive climax. Even with all this
stimulation I found I was unable to get hard right away and sat and
watched as mother and daughter continued to pleasure each other for
the next few minutes. After they had wound down their passion a bit
Aditi got up and went to the dresser retrieving a large strap on
double dildo. Wetting one end in her mouth Aditi spread her legs and
slowly pushed half of the 12-inch monster into her swollen pink pussy
and secured it with the straps. Aditi looked great with that monster
cock up her pussy, the free end swinging back and forth as she
approached Rupa and I on the bed. Rupa pushed me back and started to
suck my semi hard cock as her mother got into position behind her and
slowly rammed the fat plastic shaft up her daughter's pussy. Rupa was
deep throating my cock now taking my fully erect 7 inches deep into
her throat with each downward plunge. Aditi had grabbed her
daughter's tits and was fucking that dildo up Rupa's cunt with hard
fast strokes. Rupa began to climax as did her mother and I had all I
could do to keep from spurting my load down Rupa's silky throat. Rupa
crawled up on me and Aditi grabbed my prick guiding my thick cock up
her daughter's slippery tight vagina. Rupa slowly forced her cunt
down impaling herself on my hot prick as Aditi licked and sucked her
daughter's puckered anus. Aditi moved in again with her fake cock and
slowly forced the entire exposed 12 inches slowly up her daughters
exposed asshole. Rupa let out a scream and began to thrust herself
into the twin assault on her cunt and asshole pounding my cock up her
cunt as her mother reamed her tight little butt with enraged passion.
That big dildo forced up her anus made Rupa's cunt tighter than ever
and she climaxed quickly milking my cock and forcing my sperm to
shoot up her hot tight pussy.
Totally drained by the experience Rupa collapsed on my chest while
her mother continued to fuck her asshole until that fat plastic cock
in her pussy brought her to orgasm too. After Rupa had regained her
strength She move to her mother and licked her clit as she removed
the dildo Aditi sucked my cock restoring the hardness I had just a
few minutes before. Aditi Climbed up on me as I helped push the dildo
up Rupa's cunt and secure the strap. Rupa positioned her mother over
my hot prick and guided me into Aditi 's hot wet slit forcing her
mother down my hard fat shaft until she was fully impaled on my
throbbing prick. As Aditi began to fuck her pussy on my stiff prick
Rupa moved behind her mother and licked Aditi 's anus wetting it and
then slowly forced the dildo up her mothers tightly packed asshole. I
could feel the stiff plastic shaft slipping in and out with the
rhythm of my thrusts and each double invasion of Aditi 's cunt and
ass brought a low moan from her throat. I grabbed Aditi 's large firm
breasts and pulled at her nipples as we ground our way to climax. I
came first filling Aditi 's tightly packed pussy with my spunk as
Rupa called out her climax. We continued to stroke Aditi 's pussy and
ass until she came and passed out on my chest.
We all slept together that night and in the morning I fucked mother
and daughter both before I left. I have continued to keep in touch
with these ladies and plan to get together with them the next time I
am in their place.

Hot_girl_Aditi@...


