Warning: This story is unsuitable for minors and contains explicit descriptions of sexual 
activity considered taboo (and illegal) in most (if not all) jurisdictions. If such activity 
offends you, DO NOT read any further. I do not condone any illegal activity and stress 
that this work is fiction, fantasy, and in no way meant to reflect reality. Sexual abuse of 
minors is a very serious issue and I encourage anyone tempted to engage in such 
behavior to seek immediate help.


Last Updated: 12/6/18


Story Title: Land of Heroes



Dear Reader: Thank you for taking the time to read my work. If you wish to drop me a 
line, please feel free to email me at CreepingDawn@protonmail.com. I look forward to 
hearing from you.


Without further ado...


Chapter 13.

"Maybe we should have just headed south," I muttered, my chest burning as I huffed and puffed along behind my untroubled companion. The hike was taking a lot out of me. Tyler, who was several yards ahead, looked over his shoulder and laughed.

"This isn't that bad, Ian. I told you I'd get us through the mountains."

Looking at the boy, I stuck out my tongue before heaving myself up onto the next rock face. We had left Molg Elharn two weeks earlier, having decided to head further east into the Kaylor mountains instead of taking the well-worn roads that led north and south from the dwarven fortress. Our rationale at the time was that, since the Hero Hall in Molg Elharn had not had any quests available for us and we had spent the two weeks prior to our training walking along an easy road, why not pick a direction and adventure into the wilds? It was a decision I had come to regret, though Tyler seemed to be enjoying himself.

I glared at the little barbarian. The twelve-year-old was skipping from rock to rock and ledge to ledge, with no trouble and seemingly no exertion. His bear, Bob, was following him like a happy puppy, the two of them clearly treating the journey like a walk in the park. As a magic user, I didn't have that luxury and felt completely exhausted despite it only being around noon. "Wait!" I called, falling onto my butt. "No more! I need a break!"

Tyler was by my side in a moment, the boy not even sweating! "You ok?" he asked, grinning.

"Shut up," I responded.

"Want me to carry you?" he asked, his grin widening even more.

"I want to eat lunch," I said, folding my arms over my chest.

"And you're sure you don't have any spells that could, you know, help you?"

"No. Believe me, I've checked."

"Don't you have Feather Fall?"

"Yeah, but we keep climbing. We aren't exactly going downwards. If we were descending, I could use it."

The boy grinned even more and I gave him a dirty look. "So," he began slowly, "if that ledge over there is like, the peak or something, then you might be able to just float down out of these mountains?"

"Don't fuck with me, Tyler," I warned, though I was grinning a bit myself.

He shrugged, sitting down to dig in his pack for some provisions. I closed my eyes, sending my thoughts into Shasta and ordering the bird to fly up to the ledge that Tyler had indicated to look around. The bird did as I asked and, viewing through his eyes, I saw, to my astonishment, that the ledge really was overlooking the descending backside of the Kaylor mountains. Over the past few days, I had not bothered to use my familiar to scout since I trusted Tyler to pick the best path. However, had I known we were this close to the peak, I would certainly have approached this morning's hike with more enthusiasm!

"Hell yeah!" I said.

"Told you," Tyler said, his mouth full of bread.

We ate a fast lunch, with Tyler and I laughing and joking about what new adventures we would find. "Maybe we will fight a dragon," he said, eyes glittering.

"I hope not," I said. "I'd bet dragons are way too tough for us to take."

"Maybe," he responded. "It could still be fun, though."

After packing up, the two of us climbed up to the ledge and gazed out over the Kaylor mountains. We were high up, I could tell, and it did appear that the remaining journey would be much more downhill than uphill. A quick feather fall would let me keep up with the boy and his bear as we headed further east and into the forests that lay beyond. I sighed.

"What's that?" Tyler asked and I looked over to where the boy was pointing. Several hundred meters away, down a very steep slope and quite isolated from any available path, was a rocky outcropping that had what appeared to be a stone archway built into the mountainside. Darkness lay beyond, the blackness thick despite the blazing sun overhead.

"A doorway or something," I said, shielding my eyes. "Hard to get to, though."

"We should take a look."

I grunted. "Yeah, we should. Any idea on how to get to it?"

After a few minutes of planning, I cast feather fall on Tyler and myself and we climbed carefully onto an exposed ridge that might allow us to jump, then float, down to the doorway. Tyler went first, letting out a loud whoop of joy as he floated rapidly to the targeted outcropping. I went next, landing just beside the boy who was peering into the hidden entrance.

"You think Bob will be alright waiting for us?" I asked.

"Yeah. Bob's too big to fit in here. We'll get him when we leave."


.........


Having cast Light on Tyler's weapons, the two of us, with the boy in front, slipped inside the exposed doorway and found ourselves in a tight but definitely navigable hallway. The path sloped downward slightly, with the stone on either side clearly having been worked by humanoid hands.

"A dungeon," I whispered.

"Cool," Tyler whispered back.

We proceeded forward, taking our time and careful to look for traps. I discovered some Highmountain Moss clinging to several cracks in the stone and carefully harvested it, the herb appearing in my greater backpack on top of the various other herbs I had collected over the previous few days. My greater backpack had been part of the new gear I had received when training and it was certainly useful; three times as much inventory room as my original backpack along with a considerable reduction in inventory weight.

Pulling up my UI, I mentally opened my inventory tab and looked at everything I was carrying. Besides the normal gear and trail rations, I also held a variety of herbs, some minerals I had been able to mine with my small mining pick, and my portable alchemy kit. Pretty soon, I knew, I would need to brew some potions as I was rapidly acquiring many of the components I would need for some simple health and mana solutions.

The corridor opened up, then, to a stone room filled with rotting wooden crates and several rusty weapon's racks. Two Skeletons stood next to the other door, their bodies beginning to move as we approached.

Before I could utter a spell, Tyler dashed forward and swung at one of the Skeletons with one of his axes, taking the creature just below the neck and shattering it. The other Skeleton swung it's rusty iron mace at the boy but he dodged, jumping up as the metal passed over his head and countering with a heavy downward chop of his other axe. It crushed the enemy's skull, the bones crumpling to the ground without much sound.

I blinked. Tyler had told me that he had received the Aspect of the Eagle while at his training, the skill giving him uncanny speed, but this was the first time I had seen him use it in battle. His speed was incredible, the boy finishing the two skeletons with perfect ease. "Good job," I said, impressed.

"Thanks." Tyler grinned at me. 

The next corridor led to a second room, bigger than the first and containing five Skeletons and one Skeletal Fighter. With a nod, Tyler and I rushed in and attacked.

I muttered GRAVITY WELL at the first Skeleton and the creature, overcome with sudden force, crashed into the ground and broke apart. Turning to the Skeleton that was running at me, I caste LIGHTENING at it and fired off a bolt of powerful energy that flung the creature into the opposite wall, shattering its bones and ending its existence.

Tyler, meanwhile, had rushed the Skeletal Warrior and, despite being considerably shorter, had practically bulldozed the large enemy over. His axes, which were the only source of light, whipped up and down as they tore into the bones of the flailing enemy.

A loud TWANG filled the room and I heard Tyler yelp as he was hit by an arrow from one of the archers, the enemy not getting a chance to fire a second shot as my Firebolt took it in the chest. I yelled MAGIC ARMOR loud enough for Tyler to hear and the boy, now encased in a protective barrier, leapt up and charged the remaining two enemies. He made quick work of them.

Coming over, the boy and I fist bumped before surveying the remains of the battle. Checking my inventory, I saw that I had gained some coins and a rusty bow but little else. We spent the next hour clearing a dozen more rooms, defeating Skeletons, several Skeletal Warriors, and even a Skeletal Knight.

After killing the armored skeleton, Tyler looked at me and rolled his eyes. "You know, with my Aspect of the Bear, I'm resistant to a lot of physical damage. You should consider casting more offensive magic instead of defensive spells on me every time I get hit. I appreciate the help, but I really think I'm fine."

I thought back to the previous few battles and shrugged. I had cast Magic Armor on him every time he had taken damage. "Sorry. Reflex I guess."

"It's ok. If we fight something big, I'll take any spell you want to give me. But these things are all level seven and eight and this is not exactly a difficult dungeon. I haven't even had to Rage down here. And..." he giggled, "I kind of like watching you cast fireballs and lightning and stuff. You look pretty badass when you do."

I grinned.

We cleared out a couple more rooms before we came to the end of the dungeon. It was a circular room, with the only entrance and exit being the one we stood in. A robed figure hovered a foot off the ground in the center of the large space, it's skeletal appendages indicating it was undead and it's levitation suggesting it was a caster of some sort.

We both checked our UI's and saw that the creature, a Skeletal Mage, was level twelve, a rather large departure from the other undead inhabiting this place. With that knowledge, Tyler allowed me to cast Magic Armor, Haste, and Resistance on him before we attacked. Our plan was simple: he would charge the creature while I nuked it from a distance.

On the count of three, the two of us charged forward and attacked, with me firing Lightening at the creature and Tyler closing the distance between he and the enemy in a heartbeat before slashing with both of his axes. The Skeletal Mage responded when we entered, hurling a nasty looking greenish fire at me before several floating bones spun up around it and attacked Tyler. I dodged to the right, circling the room and preparing to fire another spell at the creature. Tyler jumped back and forth, destroying the bones as they attacked and attempting to get through the Mage's defenses.

As I was about to hurl my own Firebolt at the creature, my foot stepped on what I thought was solid ground but, to my amazement, was an illusion. As I tumbled forward, into the hidden darkness below, the last thing I as was Tyler scoring a hit across the undead's chest.


.........


I woke up some time later, my mind quickly snapping to full alertness. I was in a dimly lit room, the stone walls similar to those in the dungeon Tyler and I had been exploring. I was restrained, my body lying in a reclined position with bleach-white bone wrapped around my arms and chest. My knees had been pulled toward my head, bone holding my legs open and exposing my asshole to the room. I was trapped, my nudity obvious as I felt a cool breeze slide across my puckered hole. "What the hell?" I said, to no one in particular.

Then, to my horror, I saw that I was not alone. A Skeletal Mage floated in the center, not looking at me or reacting in any way. As I scanned around, I saw the symbol for two-thirds carved above the sole entrance to the room. Was I on the second level, then? Glancing left and right, I saw my gear folded neatly nearby.

A sudden movement caught my eye and I saw a skeletal hand rise up from the pile of bones that apparently was acting as my prison. In the skeletal hand was a long bone, it's smooth polished surface gleaming slick in the little light of the room. It was phallic shaped, thick and with a flared head. "Oh shit..." I said, suddenly feeling an overwhelming desire to have the bone dildo up my ass. "Oh shit!" I grunted, as the bone dildo was pressed against my hole.

"Fuck!!!" I squealed as the hand plunged the bone deep into my quivering anus, the slick tool finding no resistance and immediately filling me completely. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh SHIT!" It began to pound me vigorously, the thick bone hitting all the right spots within me and sending me to the moon. The flared head, apparently angled perfectly, sawed aggressively across my helpless prostate and I saw sparks.

Before I knew it, my cock, which had immediately become rock hard, shuddered violently and I came, spurt after spurt hitting me in the chest and face as I climaxed all over myself from the frantic anal pounding I was receiving. "Yes! YES!" I cried, wanting to give myself wholeheartedly to the pleasure.

The bone dildo didn't stop with my orgasm, though, and continued to fuck me with vigor and purpose. Though my climax began to melt away, I felt, deep in my gut, a sort of calm acceptance come over me as I floated on a cloud of the soft pleasure being generated from my steady plundering. It was a constant pleasure, my whole body tingling in enjoyment as my cock leaked a steady stream of cum.

I wasn't sure how long my state of bliss lasted, with my mind so unfocused. I did notice, sometime later, that the soft pleasure emanating from my manpussy had taken a distinctly sharper feeling and, with that realization, I felt a new orgasm building. "Yessss!" I moaned, feeling the pounding ratchet up in speed and intensity. "Oh fuck me!" I screamed, my body on fire. I came, then, dumping a massive load across my face and chest as climax number two crushed my senses.

Time had no meaning. Existence became continual pleasure punctuated by sharp overwhelming orgasms that purged me of any other thoughts. I didn't even notice the sounds of battle around me, so lost in my own gratification.

Then, to my great horror, the dildo fucking me left my eager cunt and clattered to the floor, my body heaving as my latest orgasm softly dissipated. My eyes found focus and I looked around the room, not seeing anything.

Minutes passed and my mind returned to normal, my brain providing me with the spell Life Unchained which, when cast, sent out a burst of force from my body meant to break any low-level bindings holding me in place. The bones around me shattered when I cast the spell and I found myself able to stand. I was absolutely covered in cum.

"CREATE WATER" I muttered, casting the spell directly over me as I let the cool liquid rain down upon me and clean my body of my drying spunk. After four casts, I felt clean. Before donning my armor and equipping my things, I scanned the room once to ensure nothing could attack me while I was preoccupied. I saw nothing, save for the broken corpse of a Skeletal Mage and a hole in the ground filled with unnatural darkness. 

My mind made several connections then I used my Ring of Linking to focus in on Tyler. Though I had just had an undeterminable number of climaxes, I felt my cock stiffen at the sight the Ring of Linking conjured in my mind. I saw Tyler, his nude body situated in a similar condition as mine was only minutes before, struggling against the bony restraints that kept his legs spread open wide. As I watched, his eyes glazed over and a skeletal hand, holding a bone dildo I easily recognized, slithered up between his outstretched legs and thrust the sex toy deep into his tiny boycunt. Over the next two minutes, the bone white dildo pounded him senseless until he was overwhelmed with a powerful boycum. Stroking myself, I watched lustily as his cock throbbed uncontrollably before shooting his watery load all over himself while he thrashed about. I came a moment later, my seed splattering on the stone floor.


Ending our link, I rearmed myself, gathered my gear, and searched the area. I was unsurprised when I found a small set of stairs nearly hidden in the rock which led me to the third floor of the dungeon. Immediately, I was confronted by a lone Skeleton.

I made quick work of my enemy, as well as the following ten that I fought in the various rooms I explored. Eventually, I heard the distant moaning of my miniature companion and knew I was getting close. Two more Skeletons tried to block my way, but I defeated them easily, my mind only partially focused on Tyler's screams of "Fuck me! Yes! Fuck me!"

Soon, I found myself standing just beyond the room that held Tyler, who was clearly cumming his brains out, and the floating Skeletal Mage. Checking my UI, I waited a moment until my mana was full before casting a variety of defensive wards on myself. It was time to rescue my boy.

I stepped into the room and fired Firebolt at the undead magic user, knowing that the spell was one of my highest damage dealers and hoping to overwhelm the creature quickly. It's shield absorbed much of the blast, though, and I quickly had to follow up my strike with Lightening. Then I cast Gravity Well, Arcane Blast, and Summon Weak Fire Elemental.

The mage launched several spells at me, though my own Resist Magic, Magic Shield, and Magic Armor took the brunt of that damage. It was a classic wizards duel, I thought, with both sides hurling spells at each other and waiting to see whose defenses would fail or who would run out of mana. I won, though, because my third Firebolt met no resistance as it crashed into the floating undead. The creature fell to the floor, stumbling and trying to cast something. I didn't let it, following up with a Gravity Well that crushed the bones of my enemy into a fine powder.

I gave a loud whoop of success but was drowned out by Tyler's cry of "I'm CUMMING!!!!" which echoed loudly off the walls. I looked above the entrance and saw they symbols for three-thirds, suspecting that this was the final part of the dungeon. My suspicion was confirmed a moment later when a large golden chest materialized at the back of the room.

Walking over, I saw that Tyler's bone prison was quickly losing it's magic as the bone dildo clattered to the floor and the skeletal hand fell limply next to it. Tyler's hole, which was pink and puffy, twitched as the boy's climax died down and I watched, my own cock semi-stiff, as the light of intelligence came back into his eyes.

"Holy fuck," he said, when his brain cleared the lusty fog of his predicament.

.........

We sat on the ledge outside the dungeon, looking over the vista before us as Bob grunted at us from several meters away. We were eating an earlier dinner, both of us gathering our strength for the decent out of the mountains. With my Feather Fall, it was going to be quite easy and much faster.

"So that's when I checked my Ring of Linking," Tyler was saying, "And saw that skeleton dildo fucking you. It was so hot!" He laughed and I did as well.

"So what did you do, then?" I asked.

The boy blushed. "Well, so..."

"You jerked off, didn't you?" I asked, laughing.

"Yeah," he said sheepishly. "I couldn't help it. But then I came and rescued you!"

"And then you fell into the trap and got captured yourself!" I pointed out.

"Whatever!"

I laughed. Then he did. With that, I put my arm around him and grinned. "Well, for the record, I jerked off when I when I first saw you through the ring. Came all over the ground!"

We both laughed again. Being captured had been an interesting experience. As we compared notes, we both agreed that our whole world devolved into the pleasure we were feeling and nothing else mattered so long as we were engaged in sex. "Maybe we should get captured more often," Tyler said with a cheeky grin.

"Maybe." I said. "But I'd kinda like to not be at the mercy of our captors."

"Yeah," he said. "You're right."

"So," I said, changing the topic, "What do you think of the loot?" We had received a variety of rusty weapons and armor as we had scoured the dungeon, several small chests providing both coins and odds and ends. The real interesting thing was the golden chest, which contained a magical map. Having cast Identify on the map, I learned that it was a Map of Wanderer and was an awesome find.

"The map is pretty cool," he said.

"Yeah, it's going to be a huge help." Reaching into my pack and toggling my inventory screen, I pulled out the map and unrolled it for both Tyler and I to look.

The map showed the Sleepy Vale, the Vacostra Highlands, and the Kaylor Mountains in exquisite color and detail. Across the map, dozens of small markings indicated hamlets, villages, and towns throughout the three regions. Roads were visible. Trails too. We recognized locations where we had visited, with Molg Elharn, Morgana's Bay, Goldenshield, Bonnie Hill, and Peaceford easy to find. There were many other locations listed, however, and I knew that Tyler and I had never passed through many of them.

"Why are some of the areas grey and foggy?" Tyler asked, indicating other portions of the map that showed demonstrable borders but little else. Those areas, clouded under a smoky mist that was clearly magic, only gave us a rough idea of what lay beyond the bright colors of the three zones in which we had traveled.

"My guess," I responded, "is that this map treats Aurora like the world map in Land of Heroes treated that world. Everything is divided up into zones. Those zones may be based on geography, like the Highlands, or political in nature. Look here," I said, pointing to three grey zones that bordered the Valcostra Highlands. "These three here are the kingdoms that Quell told us about, if I had to guess. Since we never entered their borders, we know little about them. Had we done so, I bet the map would show them just like it shows everywhere else we have been."

"And this area?" Tyler said, pointing to the east of the Kaylor Mountains and the region into which we were now headed. "It's grey."

"I bet, when we leave the mountains, it will be filled in." I said. He nodded.

"This is the cool part, though." Tyler responded, pointing to the little blinking dot that showed our current location. "Like GPS."

"Useful," I said. "Really useful." 

Taking my hand and gently pressing against the paper, I fiddled with it for a few moments before I was able to shrink the local area down to just a small portion of the map and Tyler and I muttered in awe. Zooming out even farther, we were now able to see the entire continent. It was huge. Manipulating the map again, I zoomed as far as I could and heard Tyler whisper "Wow."

"Yeah," I said, seeing that our continent was one of many huge land masses. This world, Aurora, was massive.

Rolling up the map, I put it back in my inventory and looked at the boy. "So, ready to get out of these mountains?"

