Angel's mouth went dry as he stared at Spike, at the way he stroked his hand slowly up his hard cock. He'd been asked a question, an important one that he knew he had to answer, but he couldn't seem to remember what it was.

Spike shook his head, a smile playing around his lips as he recognized the lust-dazed expression on the other man's face. "Angel? Gotta tell me, mate," he repeated. "Still wanna get fucked?"

Fucked. Angel's body jerked at the word as if from a blow. He opened his mouth, but the word wouldn't come out, so he just nodded, slowly and first and then faster when Spike didn't immediately move to act on it.

The blond shook his head. "Not good enough, pet. Wanna hear it, gotta hear the words. Tell me what you want, Angel. Ask me to fuck you like a real good boy an' I'll let you have everythin' you want."

"I want it," he whispered in a hoarse voice, then licked his lips and asked, "Please, Spike? Fuck me, make me... make me scream?"

Spike's smile was sin made flesh. "With pleasure." He ran his free hand over Angel's back, his eyes darkening when the other man shivered. "Where's the lube, pet?"

Angel reached blindly for it, hand sliding in under the pillows until it closed on the tube. He held it out to Spike, but the blond shook his head. "Want you to do it," he said in a low voice. Angel swallowed, heat sparking through his whole body with the need he could see in Spike's face. He nodded and rose up onto his knees, flicking the cap open and squeezing some of the lube out.

Spike's hand fell away as Angel reached for him, fingers tentatively smoothing the gel over him until they closed around his cock and stroked. Both men moaned, but it was Angel who found himself unable to tear his eyes away from his hand wrapped around Spike's dick. He'd touched him countless times over the years, but this was different enough to make him feel like it was the first time. Never before had he slicked Spike up so his childe could fuck him.

When he couldn't take anymore, Spike pushed Angel's hand away as gently as he could. "Hands an' knees again, luv. Gonna fuck you now."

Angel could've sworn he felt his hole twitch at that. He dropped back onto his hands, and shuddered when he felt the mattress dip down as Spike climbed back up onto the bed. Fingers trailed down his back, stroking over him, then one hand slid over to curl around his hip. Just when he was ready to scream, he felt the first press of something round and much bigger than either Spike's fingers or his own.

Spike guided his cock to Angel's hole, then pushed forward, grabbing his other hip as he pressed slowly into his sire's body. It was difficult not to just bury himself into the silk that squeezed him, and his fingers dug into Angel's hips as he struggled for control. "Fuck, you're tight!" he gasped.

There was pressure, and the faint edge of pain that he knew could've been much worse if he hadn't been so well-prepared. Angel dropped his head, panting softly, doing his best to relax as Spike pushed into him. He wanted to lunge forward or shove back onto him, wanted to move with a need that was quickly bordering on desperation. "Please," he begged softly. "Spike, need to... need you to-"

"Need me to move?" Spike asked, his voice hoarse and gravelly with desire. "Want me fuckin' you nice an' slow, pet?"
He groaned and tried to push back, but Spike tightened his grip and he stilled. "Gotta tell me," Spike said, and Angel growled, "Yes! Fuck me, dammit!"

"Cheeky bottom," Spike snarled, pulling back, and for a second Angel feared he was about to pull out completely, but then Spike lunged forward, burying himself in one hard thrust, then ground against him until he felt Angel tense and gasp. "Like that, don'tcha? Like feelin' me inside, rubbin' up against that spot for you?"

"God, yeah," Angel moaned. Spike made an approving sound behind him and repeated the motion, this time sliding in slower, letting Angel feel every inch as it rubbed along his body. The difference in sensation was enough to make Angel try and push back again, and this time, Spike allowed it. Shoving back against the dick that filled him sent another wave of heat washing over him, and it seemed to spark something in Spike, because he started moving a little faster.

Spike had wanted to take it slow, wanted to make Angel writhe and beg and scream, but the eager little push was almost his undoing. Knowing that Angel wanted it as badly as he used to, feeling the way his body tightened around his cock... it was almost too much. He gripped his sire's hips and growled, "Dunno how much longer I can hold back, you keep doin' that."

Angel whined low in his throat. "Don't hold back," he urged in a low tone. "Need to be fucked, Spike. Give it to me- ohhhh, just like that, please..."

"Fuck, you really are a slut," Spike groaned, grinding against him. "Hang on, pet. Gonna show you how sluts get fucked, yeah?"

He grabbed the sheet underneath him, gritting his teeth as Spike started to move harder, faster, each thrust of his cock sending sparks shooting through Angel. It was like dying and being reborn in the very best way, and he opened his mouth to tell Spike, but all that came out were a series of guttural moans and animal whimpers.

Spike seemed to understand, though, because he started fucking him in real abandon, pulling Angel tight against him until there was no choice left but to take it. A hand slid up his back and yanked on his shoulder, pulling him up against Spike's chest, and he felt ridges brush the back of his neck as Spike panted, "Gettin' close... gonna come soon. You want it, hmmm? Wanna feel me come, fill you all up?"

The words were like lightning bolts that fried his brain and hardened his dick to the point of pain, and all Angel could do was nod. He felt his own control slipping until suddenly he shifted as well. Spike heard the crunch of his sire's facial bones, and it seemed to spur something inside him, because he began to hump against him wildly, muttering against his neck, telling him how good he felt, how tight and perfect wrapped around his cock, and every word made Angel's dick twitch until he realized with a distant surprise that he was about to come too.

Fangs slid into his shoulder and Angel shouted, his entire body bowing as he came under the dual assault. Spike groaned and he could feel him come as well, spurts of liquid shooting up into his body. God, that was Spike. Spike was coming inside him! He felt his dick twitch again, as if just knowing that was enough to make him come again... or was it still? He really couldn't tell, could only hold on through the volleys of fire and pleasure that ripped through him, until eventually he sagged back against the slender frame behind him.

Spike eased the bigger man down to the mattress, then followed, stretching out along his side to lap at the jagged bite marks. Angel wrapped an arm around his waist, and Spike told himself that he was absolutely in no way cuddling- just cleaning the old man up while he gathered his strength enough to move. And if that took a while, well, it had been a brilliant shag, so that was only to be expected. He'd just give Angel a little time to recover and then be on his way...

The two vampires were sound asleep a few hours later when a trim figure entered the room, stealing soundlessly over to stand beside the bed. "Well, I did what I could," Cordelia muttered. "Guess that means the rest is up to you two."

She smiled down at the pair that lay tangled together in the wreckage of the sheets. One hand reached out to Angel's cheek, but didn't make contact. She'd done her part, shown him what he could have if he wasn't too dense to reach out and take it, and now she had to move on. She took some small comfort in knowing that at least he wouldn't be alone anymore. Looking at Spike and the fierce way he clung to Angel even in his sleep, she smiled. "Take care of him, Blondie," she whispered.

Bending down, a warm pair of lips pressed first against the blond's temple before moving to the brunet's forehead. "And Angel? You're welcome."