ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 4

I returned back to our deck in one piece physically, but not so much psychologically. Any and all of the euphoric stimulations I was experiencing while on my naked romp, were now gone. Worse yet, I had forfeited every shred of my dignity and self-respect during the course of my thirty second encounter, with Mike's daughter, Susan. I felt mortified and emotionally desolate. Paul was pretty drunk by now and asked me if Mike got home o.k. I quickly replied, "Yes. He's fine. Susan's there", as I walked into the house. I took another big shot of the cognac, noticing it was about an inch lower in the bottle than when I left to take Mike home, which would explain my husband's drunken state. It was a failed attempt to drink away the utter humiliation of my experience with Susan.

I looked at my yellow bikini, both the top and bottoms, that were on the kitchen countertop, right where I had left them. Another swig of cognac and I started to stare at them defiantly. "So-What! Susan saw me naked!", I thought to myself. "Who cares! It doesn't matter what she thinks! I wasn't doing anything wrong! I was naked in the privacy of my own back yard! It just so happens that her seventy-year-old father, who happens to be blind, was also there! It's not like he saw me naked. (Not to be disrespectful) "In fact, it was his idea for me to stay naked while I walked him home in the first place!", I continued thinking to myself. "It would be great fun taking part in your little naked excursion". Isn't that what Mike said to me? Isn't it?" Why should I feel so ashamed?

"Jen. Are you coming?", Paul called out, from the jacuzzi. "Be right there, honey", I replied. I filled a plastic tumbler full of wine, took one last look at my empty bikini sitting on the countertop, then marched right back out on our deck. I paraded my naked ass around our deck for a minute, all too happy to perform for my husband. I then stepped up on the picnic table, spread my legs shoulder width apart and put my hands on my hips, as if I was some sort of "Naked Superhero". I was sure it was the alcohol fueling the moment, but I didn't care! I didn't even care if some nosy neighbors saw me. Since I was standing on the picnic table, my bare breasts would have been above the six-foot privacy fence that surrounded our deck.

"Paul!", I said, hoping to capture the attention of my inebriated husband, but not loud enough to alert the neighbors. Paul looked up at his naked wife, standing on the picnic table, so I asked him, "Paul. If I had not only taken off my top in the Carribean but took off my bikini bottoms as well, in front of all of those people, what would you have said?" He splashed around in the water of the jacuzzi, and slurred his reply, "I married my wife for all the right reasons", as he slid below the water. The sentiment of his desire for me was interrupted by the fact I thought he might be drowning. I jumped off the table and pulled my drunk husband out of the water. It was then that I saw eight empty beer cans he had stashed in a cooler next to the jacuzzi. I had the evidence but could not prosecute after his touching reply to my question.

I helped Paul into the house, up the stairs and into our bed, after removing his wet speedo. He was out in seconds. I kissed him on the cheek, feeling both sexy and loved. As I was about to leave our bedroom to head downstairs, I noticed my one-piece black bathing suit, sitting on top of my dresser. The same one I had rejected earlier in favor of my yellow bikini. Having been humiliated enough for a lifetime, from my impromptu meeting with Susan, I put it on, knowing I wanted to relax in our jacuzzi with my wine. I headed downstairs, out onto the deck, retrieved my wine and stepped into the jacuzzi. It was now about 8:30 in the evening.

I found myself bored and looking for more sexual stimulation as I sat in the water, mentally re-evaluating my thoughts and behavior from the day. First, I watched Caroll's trailer of the "Level One" girl. That video had me completely mesmerized and was etched in my mind, yet I was at odds between sexual fantasy and sexual reality. Still, I masturbated while watching it over and over again. I had been emotionally crippled from the memory of my unwillingness to remove my bikini top in the Caribbean during our honeymoon, yet I had completely exposed my naked little body to a blind man. I walked that same old man home while in the nude and was rewarded by the most condemning rebuke of my virtue, from his daughter Susan. "Well, Jen. Why are you naked?", I believe she said, with her hands on her hips and a look I had only received from my mother from time to time.

As these thoughts ran through my mind, I realized there wasn't a sound in the air. It was completely silent, and I was in the privacy of our backyard deck. After I started feeling more secure in my isolation, my mind started leaning towards my harmless fantasy of being topless at the Carribean. I got out of the jacuzzi, dried off enough so as not to leave water on my kitchen floor, and filled my tumbler right up to the brim with more wine. As I stepped out on our deck, I started imagining I was at the topless beach bar in the Carribean once again. I pretended I was among two dozen beach goers. There were more men than women, but out of the eight women that were present, only two of them were topless, even though all of the other six were wearing bikinis.

I knew it was Paul's response to my question about "What would you say if I removed my bikini bottom too", that had me feeling so aroused and wishing we were back in the Carribean. I walked around my deck, pretending the picnic table was the outdoor bar, fully equipped with both a male and female bartender. As we partied with our newfound friends, I imagined Paul saying, so all could here, "Jen. Why don't you go put on your bikini so you can go topless too?" All eyes were now on me. I calmly replied, "Honey. It would take me over a half hour to go to our room, change and get back. Maybe tomorrow". That's when one of the topless women said, "You don't need to change. Just take off your suit if you want to go topless".

Standing there on my deck, I truly felt I was in "'The Moment". Of course, I declined the topless women's invitation, but those around me seemed determined to have me remove my one-piece bathing suit in order to go topless at the outdoor bar. Drinking from my tumbler, I pretended to turn down their suggestion, hoping the subject would be dropped, (not really) but it wasn't. Even the bar tenders were telling me it was fine if I removed my bathing suit. I had so tainted my attitude towards public nudity in less than a day, I hungered for my imaginary friends from the outdoor bar to convince me to remove my one-piece bathing suit and remain among them completely naked.

I playfully dismissed their invitations, knowing those around me were determined to have me remove the one-piece suit. After imagining the hopeful look in my husband's eyes, I stood firm as a statue, and allowed the two topless women to assure me it would be fine. They pulled the straps of my suit over my shoulders, then down below my tiny breasts, exposing my erect nipples. They continued to pull my bathing suit past my waist and down to by thighs, revealing the well-trimmed jet-black pubic hair of my pussy. Seconds later, my suit was down at my ankles. I stepped out of the suit in my fantasy, then realized I had removed it myself, and was once again completely naked on our deck.

I continued to wistfully meander around our deck as if I was moving amongst the many beachgoers who were mostly covered, other than the two topless women, who I had imagined removed my bathing suit. Being completely naked among this group of strangers seemed almost real. Just as I was getting into character for my topless bar fantasy, I heard a voice behind me. "Hey Jen". It was Susan. I froze completely, moving only enough to cover my tits and pussy with my hands. "Jen", she continued, as I remained facing in the other direction. "I just wanted to apologize for earlier. I came over to check on Dad and found him holding hands with a naked woman in his side yard. As you can imagine, I was a bit taken back by the moment."

"You and Paul", she continued, "Are the best neighbors my dad could ever have!" I was totally speechless when I heard the ominous sounds of her footsteps, closing in on me from behind. "Jen? Are you listening to me?" Susan asked", as she placed her hands on my bare shoulders, and gently turned me around. She looked down on my naked physic and said "Jen!", If you want to be naked, then be naked!" There's no need to cover that adorable little figure of yours", as she delicately placed my hands by my side, exposing my naked form. I was about to fall to pieces', when she said, "What's this I hear about a bottle of cognac?", looking at me as if we were just two friends hanging out.

I instantly lit up with excitement, but attempted to be perceived as nonchalant, as Susan followed my "Naked Ass" into the kitchen. I poured us each a glass of the French brandy, then She offered up a toast. "To my dad and his awesome neighbors!", she announced, as we drank down the sweet nectar. I emptied the remaining cognac into our glasses and that was soon gone as well. I started to feel more comfortable standing completely naked in front of Sue. Maybe it was because I was inside my own house or maybe it was the gentle way, she got me to relax while being totally naked and exposed. Either way, I was enjoying my nudity, although feeling very vulnerable.

Susan is forty-two years old and has been divorced for about two years. She has one son who is nineteen years old and will be starting his sophomore year in college in the fall. She is 5' 9" tall, weighs about 145 pounds, which she carries well. If I had to guess, I would say her breasts are a size "C", and she has long blonde hair. She's a very beautiful woman. Quite a contrast to my tiny 5' 4", 110-pound frame, size "A" breasts and ultra-short jet-black hair. I tell you this because only moments later, after we realized I was also almost out of wine, she took my hand and pulled me out on the deck and down to the cool wet grass. She tightened her grip on my hand and started heading towards Mike's house, as she said, "Let's go get some more wine. I have a couple bottles of Zinfandel at Dad's.

I complained, "Sue. Let me put some clothes on", as she continued pulling me across our back lawn. "Jen", she replied. "If you can walk my dad home in the nude, you can take the trek again with me. Like I said, if you want to be naked, BE NAKED!" I felt like a naked little toddler being pulled across the beach by my mother, as we walked into Mike's back yard. I then asked her, "Will Mike still be up?" She simply replied, "Does it matter? It's not like he can see that tiny patch of pubic hair on your pussy", as she chuckled and led me into the house through the back door and right into Mike's kitchen. It felt so surreal standing in Mike's kitchen, totally naked. I mean it seemed so absurd that I would be standing here without a stitch of clothing, with only my tiny patch of pubic hair, as Sue had put it, for cover. I was torn between the unrelenting 'Physical Arousal' and the emotions of 'Absolute Vulnerability' and 'Utter Shame'.

It would only be a matter of seconds until I found out that 'Absolute Vulnerability' and 'Utter Shame' would win out. Sue was retrieving a bottle of wine from the refrigerator when I heard a male voice coming from an adjoining room as his footsteps got closer and closer, as he walked up behind me. I was standing against a cabinet with my hands resting on the counter with my bare back, butt cheeks and legs on full display. "Hi mom", I heard Sue's son Kevin say, as he followed up with, "Hey Jen. Jacuzzi night?" Sue placed the wine on the counter, looked at me and mouthed the words, "IF YOU WANT TO BE NAKED, BE NAKED", as she had told me two times before, then turned her attention to Kevin.

"Hi honey. Didn't expect to see you here tonight". Kevin walked up and kissed her on the cheek, having maneuvered himself into a position where he could now see my bare breasts and rock-hard nipples. I was struggling to keep from covering my tits with my hands, as that would have only made the situation appear awkward, since I was naked in the first place. I had to play along with the scenario that I was in our jacuzzi when Jen and I decided to come get a bottle of wine. After all. That's what kind of happened anyway! Sue started asking Kevin how his preparations for going back to college were going, purposely leaving me standing there, naked and mortified.

Their discussion concerning Kevin's plans once he returned to school seemed to go on forever, and I was starting to feel a bit ignored. The most horrid ideas kept popping into my mind. Things like shouting out, "Hello People! I'm naked here!" Even some humiliating comment about my tiny tits or the fact that if I was going to remove so much of my pubic hair, I should've just shaved my entire pussy altogether, would have been welcome. ANYTHING! When they finally ended their discussion, Sue turned to me, and said, "I'm going to go up and check on Dad. I'll be right back", leaving me there totally naked with Kevin, who had made his way back to the side of the kitchen that allowed him once again with an unobstructed view of my bare back, butt cheeks and legs.

It was all I could do to keep from leaning over on the countertop and spreading my legs apart so he could see my pussy lips. I settled for just nonchalantly turning around and putting the palms of my hands on the counter by my sides. "So, are you excited to start another year at school, Kevin?", I asked, giving him a full-frontal view of my naked body. "I guess", he replied, then looked at me and asked, "Is Mom going to use the jacuzzi too, when you two head back over to your house?" I thought the question was odd until he continued. "Ever since the divorce, Mom doesn't go out much. I know she practically stays here in her old room, when I am away at school. She says she needs to help Grandpa, but I know it's because she gets lonely. I'd just like to see her start dating again or get a hobby or something".

Kevin's concern over his mother's emotional well-being, almost made me forget I was naked. That was until his next sentence. "I love the way you trimmed your pubic hair, Jen. It's like a little brunette arrow that says, "Enter Here!" My mouth fell wide open, as I could only respond with a single word, "Kevin!" He smiled and continued, "You have an awesome little body and great nips too! You should come to one of our frat parties. The guys would eat you up! Literally! I mean your pussy that is". I could only give him a stern, disapproving expression, but the reality was that I got exactly what I had wanted. What I was craving for while he and Sue talked about his schooling. Total Humiliation!

The embarrassment of the moment was starting to become overwhelming. I was determined not to cover up, figuring Kevin would only laugh at me, which would only make things worse. Just then, Sue entered the room, and said, "Well Jen. Are we ready?" I had turned back toward the cabinet by this time, once again concealing my pussy from Kevin's view. I was worried she would see how red my face must have been. I couldn't get out the back door fast enough. Halfway back to my deck, Sue asked, "Well?" "Well, what?' I asked. Did you show Kevin your pussy?" "No! Of course not!", I replied. "Did you turn away from the cabinet, even for just a moment?", she asked. "Well, maybe for just a second", I said. Immediately, she interrupted, and said with confidence, "You showed him your pussy".

I was silent, as Sue continued, "I knew Kevin had seen your sweet little ass, along with those shapely legs, Jen. I was there. Let us not forget he had quite a bit of time to study those fantastic nipples of yours. I swear you could hang your keys up on those things", she announced, as my semi-private debasement continued. "I just wasn't sure if you showed him your pussy, but now I know you did", she said, as if my bodily attributes were accessories on a home appliance or a new car purchase. I just kept walking to the relative safety of my deck and jacuzzi, without saying a word.
