-------------------------------------------------------
WARNING: This text file contains material of an adult,
explicit, possibly VIOLENT sexual nature. If you are
uncomfortable reading material of this kind, please
delete this file immediately. Under no circumstances is
this file to be read or poessessed by persons under 21
years of age.
-------------------------------------------------------

The White Van (M/m, anal, NC, rape)
by Liam An Scribhneoir

In the early 80's, I lived in large cosmopolitan city in 
the Deep South. Just before I left, I saved up some money, 
and bought myself one of the quintessential used white 
vans that could be seen everywhere in the city. I padded 
and carpeted the back floor, sides, and roof, and put in 
a small cabinet and extra-heavy curtains behind the cab 
and on the windows ... the usual stuff for then. I also 
added something special: a padded sawhorse with restrains 
on the legs and cross piece.

As soon as I had finished, I need to test it. I walked 
down to a local bar, cruised a number of guys, and 
settling on a hot looking victim: early-20's, dirty-blonde 
hair, blue eyes (I'm a sucker for blue eyes). He said his 
name was Jim. After chatting a bit, I invited him to walk 
back to my place for sex. When we got to my place, he 
said that he didn't get fucked ... that he never had, and 
never would be, because he was afraid of AIDS, and even a 
condom might break. I said that I was okay with that.

We stripped naked, fooled around a bit, and smoked some 
weed in my bedroom. Once he was really stoned, I suggested 
that I show him my van. We both threw on clothes, and went 
back down to where I parked it. I told him we had to take 
off our shoes before getting in the back. I grinned when 
he told me he liked the back, but wasn't sure what the 
sawhorse was for. I told him I'd demonstrate it.

I lay down prone on it, and let him restrain me. After he 
let me up, I coaxed my victim to lie prone on it, and I 
secured his wrists, ankles, thighs and chest. I put a gag 
in his mouth, and asked what he thought of my contraption. 
All I heard form behind the gag was a muffled response. I 
took a knife, and cut off his belt, t-shirt, and jeans. 
He kept pulling at the restraints and trying to yell while 
I was doing it, but the restraints were firm and the gag 
was very effective. I was sure with the padding that no 
one outside the van could hear him.

I got a jar of vaseline from the cabinet, shucked my 
clothes, and greased up his asshole. I then spread his 
ass-cheeks, and pressed my dick head against his hole. He 
kept trying to writhe and twist to get away while yelling 
into the gag. Grabbing his hips, I forced my entire thick 
rock-hard naked 7" dick deep inside my victim in one shove. 
For a second his body froze before he screamed into the gag 
and fought like mad to get free. I took my time plowing his 
ass, enjoying how it convulsed around the cock that had 
destroyed his virginity. He continued to gurgle behind the 
gag and writhe, still pulling in vane at the restraints. 
Eventually, I decided I'd had enough, so I fucked him 
faster until I felt my balls start to draw up. Yelling 
"Take it, bitch," I rammed in balls deep and splattered 
a huge load in him. 

He was crying as I pulled my cock from his violated asshole. 
I cleaned up myself, cleaned up his ass, and got dressed. 
He started yelling into the gag again as I got out of the 
van. Perfect: I could barely hear him with the door open; 
with it shut, I couldn't hear anything at all. I drove the 
van to a leather bar, and parked it at the far end of the 
lot before I went inside. One by one, I began approaching 
men to see if they were interested in what I had to offer. 
It wasn't long before I found my first taker: an average 
biker type in boots and jeans.

We walked out to my van, and climbed in back. He ran his 
hands over the victim's ass. "Nice". The victim pulled 
desperately at the restraints and yelled into the gag. 
"He okay with this?" 

I smiled "Why wouldn't he be?" 

The biker smirked. "I don't fuckin' care." By the time 
he had his clothes off, his dick was already hard. He 
stepped between the victim's secured legs, rammed it in 
and started fucking. It wasn't long until he'd shot a 
load in the victim. He dressed and we left. "Hot hole. 
Thanks" he said.

Over the next hours, I found 7 different guys similar to 
the biker, all ages and races and sizes, who eagerly 
mounted, plowed, and shot their loads in the restrained 
victim's rectum. After the 2nd guy, the victim stopped 
yelling, and began to uselessly blubber pleas behind the 
gag. His ass filled with more and more cum, some of which 
dribbled down the insides of his thighs as each new cock 
displaced some to make room for another load.

The last guy was the topper: a old biker, in his late 
50's or early 60's, hairy, balding, salt & pepper beard, 
beer belly, smoking a fat cigar. I took him to the van 
like all the others. He fingered the cum dripping from 
the victim's hole, and grinned at me lopsided. "Guess 
Ah'm not the first tonight. That's okay. Ah like sloppy 
seconds." He unbuttoned his jeans, and brought out a 
very large cock and balls that were the size of goose 
eggs. It only took a few strokes for his cock to become 
a tool the size of a tall beer can with a huge steel PA. 

"Holy shit!" I muttered. 

He grinned lewdly. "Think he can take this?"

"He has a choice?" I answered. 

The biker laughed "Shit no.". Still smoking his stogie, 
he stepped in and pressed the head against the victim's 
hole. "Hold on fucker, this's gonna be a bumpy ride." He 
then began pushing himself inside the victim who renewed 
whimpering and writhing. He slapped his ass. "Ah'm horny 
as hell, an' it's my turn at yer butthole." He then forced 
the entirely of his monster cock up the defenceless 
asshole, and the victim resumed screaming into the gag. 

"Take it slut!"  He paused a second, his huge dick buried 
balls deep in the victim's asshole. "Hot hole... sorta 
tight... still." He laughed, and began to plow the victim 
who turned his face to me, and I could see tears streaking 
his face. I bent down and pretended to listen to him. 

I told the biker "He said he doesn't get fucked." 

Demonic lust contorted the biker's face. "That so? Lyin' 
slut. My dick too big for ya? Too bad." He rammed into 
the victim, who whimpered and quivered as the biker's 
trusts became brutal. "Ah'll jest teach yer hole to open 
up an' like it. Ah'll fuckin' make it open up." I hot 
hard watching him assault my victim's hole and my victim's 
fingers and toes reflexively curling and flexing. "Can ya 
feel my cock head an' PA scraping yer insides?" 

The old biker's stamina was incredible. He'd brutally plow 
the victim non-stop for 10 minutes, slow down or stop for 
a few, always with his cock still in the victim, then go 
back to brutally plowing him again. 45 minutes later, the 
he was still at it. 

He looked over at me. "Ah could do this all night, but Ah 
gotta be at work in an hour." Grasping the victim's hips 
tighter, he launched into an assault far more rapid and 
brutal than the prior ones, his huge balls slapping loudly 
against the victim's butt. "Almost there, slut. Yer hole's 
wide open an' Ah'm about to blow. Ah yeah. Ah yeah, TAKE 
IT SLUT!" He threw his head back and bellowed, his monster 
cock buried to the hilt in the victim's ass. Wave after 
wave of orgasm wracked the biker as he came and came in 
the victim.

Finally spent, he pulled back abruptly from the victim. 
"Fuck!" He looked at me. Damned good fuck." He began 
stuffing his softening cock and balls back in his jeans, 
the front of which were dark and damp with juices and other 
guys' cum from the victim's ass. 

He slapped the victim on the ass. "Hope ya liked that ... 
Ah sure did! Felt like Ah shot a gallon of cum up yer 
butthole." He opened the door, stepped out, then turned 
back with a really evil grin on his face. "By the way, 
all that hot seed Ah just planted in yer ass? It's dirty 
... radioactive ... POZ.". He laughed, slammed the door, 
and walked away. 

The victim began sobbing.
