1966 - Paris 

"Hurry up, Maddy! They'll be here in a minute!" 

The door handle was scraping her thigh and she just had to reach a little further . . . Fortunately, she had practiced and could match the wires in the dark. In thirty seconds, she had it and the car roared to life.

She folded her legs inside when Geoff let her ankles go. In a few years, she'd be too big to fit through the half-opened window they'd seen as they were heading home just before dark. In a few years, she thought. She opened the passenger door so the older sixteen-year-old Geoff could get in. She was balanced on the edge of the seat so she could reach the pedals. No way was she letting him drive when she'd done the hard part. She laughed as she pushed the gas pedal. In a few years she'd need more of a challenge.

2001 – A private island in the South Pacific

"Don't move."

She was glad to see he still listened to her without question. The three surgeries made her cautious and she certainly didn't want him to undo the fine work of those doctors now. It had been difficult to obtain and conceal their work. Though with enough money anyone could be bought. 

She saw Paul struggle for a moment for control of the situation before he relaxed, smiling.

"You're a dream," he said. "It's still good to see you anyway. I'd forgotten how beautiful you were." She smiled back and took his hand.

"It's not a dream." 

A look of slight confusion crossed his face and he tried to sit up, grimacing. She pushed his shoulders back down on the bed.

"They . . . shot me . . . took the boy." 

"They did," she said in a quiet voice. "But I had been following them. I hadn't expected you to go yourself."

"Why can't I sit up?" He sounded irritated which only made her smile more. She had missed him.

"Because you took two gunshot wounds to the chest. It was nearly fatal."

"Nearly?" She could see Paul's determined personality shoot through the morphine. "So you saved my life," he continued. "Again."

"Yes."

"But you committed suicide. Didn't you? And you wonder why I went myself. You left me. I was becoming Jones and Nikita's errand boy. What was left?"

He snatched his hand from hers and was starting to speak as if she wasn't a dream and he wasn't happy about it. He even managed to pull away and she watched all the tubes to make sure they didn't get pulled out. She was glad he was angry. His will to live had always been strong. Anger would help.

"Things change. We can wait."

"Wait? For what?"

"For you to recover. You were in a coma for a long time following heart surgery. But in time you'll be as strong as ever."

"You must really be Madeline. No one else would be this certain. Strong? For what?" he snapped.

"To take back all of the Sections."

Paul tried to ask more questions but she could see his fatigue and adjusted his medications so that he could rest. Sixteen months in a coma should be rest enough but she trusted the doctors enough to follow their advice. Patience. It had gotten her this far. She had to let it take her the rest of the way.

Madeline drew the curtains and went to her office. The wind blew ferociously outside but with the soundproof walls and bullet-proof windows one couldn't hear it. It was the rainy season in the South Pacific. Even on a private island, one couldn't escape weather patterns.

She and Paul were still several years away from their goals. The doctors had said it would be at least two years of intense physical therapy before Paul would be able return to anything resembling his former strength. And it would be years yet before the Section was ready for them.

1977 – Section One

Madeline was glad she'd started shoplifting in high heels at the age of twelve. It had been a challenge for her in a way that the hotwiring cars with her older friends the year before hadn't been. There were two keys to shoplifting. One was that you had to wear the right heels. Ones that could draw the shopkeepers' eyes to your legs—hers were far too long and shapely now to shimmy through car windows—in fishnet stockings and not to what your hands were doing. The second key? To wear heels that you could run easily in should the distraction fail which it rarely did. Still, it was prudent to always have a Plan B.

As she walked into Section now, she could see that distraction still worked even ten years later. And she wasn't that tired with her feet ensconced in fine Italian leather, even though this mission had taken thirty-six hours and she had only sat down once. Madeline had always had the ability to divorce herself from physical discomfort but it was nice not to have to for a change.

Today she wanted her entrance to attract the attention of only two people. Not Walter, fresh from a long-term Valentine op himself, yet still able to appraise her appearance from across the room. No. First Paul. She could already feel his eyes on her. He was in his office. She could even feel his recruit's rapt attention on Paul, but yes, he was watching her. Looking at her with relief, just a moment of it, before he turned back to the young man he was working with. He had known she would succeed but there was always that relief anyway. Madeline hid a smile. Good. She ignored the answering feeling her own body gave in response to him. This was not the time.

She felt the eyes of the other person from high in the glass-enclosed structure overlooking the entire building called the Perch. Adrian. George was there too and she could feel his cool eyes too. No matter how high Madeline's success rate was she knew George had wished her dead on more than one occasion.

Adrian and George. Adrian didn't want her dead, Madeline suspected. Adrian simply didn't care. She cared about the organization that she had created far more than she cared about the fate of any single operative. So far Madeline's successes had been the Section's successes. And as long as Madeline performed well she would stay in Adrian's good graces.

She approached the outside of the Perch and waited. The office had no door but they always knew when she was there. Sure enough, Adrian soon approached her with not a hair out of place. Her smile looked genuine but Madeline knew better than to trust it.

George looked petulant. Madeline considered Adrian's shoes, automatically calculating their cost and manufacturing location while she waited.

"You've brought him in," Adrian was saying. "Think he'll break?"

Madeline paused. They knew what she thought or she wouldn't have brought him in. The silence stretched out.

"Every lock can be opened," Madeline finally replied. "It's just a matter of finding the right key." George and Adrian exchanged a glance.

"We've decided that you should be the one to question him. Alone," Adrian added.

Madeline remained perfectly still. It would be her first interrogation unsupervised, having only recently moved into that department. Whatever physical exhaustion she had even slightly felt was replaced by excitement. She had trained six years for this. She nodded.

"He's in the white room."

1982 – Section One

"You could have jeopardized the entire mission."

Madeline waited before responding to Adrian. It wouldn't do to show how bored she had become with these recent discussions of her performance after missions. Their increased frequency combined with her duties in the white room was designed to wear her out, her continued proficiency now a threat to them. It wouldn't work.

"Everything went perfectly," she said in a careful, soft voice. She refused to be even remotely apologetic. "We secured the target."

"Fifty-eight people are dead. Mission parameters were twenty-six," Adrian replied as if that constituted failure. 

Madeline was silent. She and Adrian stared at one another until Paul interrupted.

"Decision on site fell to me as mission leader. I gave the order." Madeline's eyes flashed to his and she bristled.

"This was an important target," George interceded. "Certain decisions had to be . . . made. Paul, next time try to minimize the collateral damage. If we draw too much attention to ourselves . . ." His voice trailed off in warning.

Paul bowed his head slightly but kept the sardonic grin on his face. He and Madeline walked across the conference area where another mission was briefing. Madeline went straight to munitions.

"It couldn't be helped," Paul said. She kept walking and he followed. "They know you didn't . . ."

Madeline just stared at him. She didn't know what he wanted her to say. She had been right. She knew it. And Adrian and George knew it. In time . . . She sighed and turned her weapons into Walter without a word. She paused as she heard Paul sigh behind her.

"See ya round," he said as if they wouldn't be called into a mission probably the very next day.

It was Adrian's plan to exhaust Madeline by increasing her mission frequency and debriefing her personally for several hours afterward. It wouldn't work. She had worked hard all her life, often juggling several tasks just to keep her mind occupied. This mission had actually been easy once the decision had been made to shoot.

Forty-five minutes later she pushed the button that put the surveillance camera in her car on a delayed loop. The camera had no sound so it was safe to speak.

"See me around indeed," she said next as Paul became visible in her rearview mirror. They were parked in her driveway but she had known he had been back there since she had gotten in, his presence unmistakable. She had been trying to ignore her body humming with triumph from the mission, veins still flowing with adrenaline, despite earlier criticisms. And she was still angry at Paul. Or more at Adrian and that added to the adrenaline too. She could go inside like this but she had known that phrase he'd parted with. It usually meant he'd find her somewhere.

"We have twelve minutes."

He was on her before the words left her mouth, pulling her toward him on the back seat, and she straddled him between her, her knees sinking into the soft leather seats. He eased her skirt up and her pantyhose down. She could felt her own heat and his desire for her coming off him in waves. It was interesting how the body needed to do this. She knew when she was older she wouldn't have to. All right . . . wouldn't need to. Her body would adjust and she wouldn't always be so attuned to him.

Even now he barely reached her. Oh yes, his mouth and hands were in the right places, stroking . . . but she felt so far away from it. She was thinking about Kragujevac. Section should put another deep cover operative there. In a few years . . . He was inside her now. Paul wasn't one to waste time and it had been four minutes. Six now. She felt her body's delayed response at his stroking and willed herself to let go. One needed to let go sometimes. It was good for the body and for the brain. Her breath caught. Yes. Yes, Paul knew the right spot and she sighed as he twisted within her, meeting her eyes. His were crystal blue even in the darkness. Almost lost now, almost lost in her. She closed hers. She needed to concentrate.

He was different than other men, almost there, almost with her and then she was ahead of him, mentally if not physically. He liked that. That she was always two steps ahead, thinking in ways he that didn't. It kept him excited and was part of the chase, she supposed. Not for her. Paul was ruthless and had eager ambition that matched hers. She'd kept her intentions hidden but they both knew he would be her partner en route to the Perch, leaving the field, and heading the Section one day. Or co-heading, rather. These encounters only reinforced that partnership, she told herself.

He seemed more desperate now and thrust up deep as she sank lower. He was good at this and knew her well. Soon she'd be there and this wouldn't be a waste of time. Soon, she thought as she dug her nails into his back, feeling the fabric of his shirt rip and hearing his growl of pleasure. It surprised her how fast climax was approaching, inevitable now. Her brain left Kragujevac and thought about Adrian and their plans. It wouldn't always be like this, she thought. Orgasm crept ever nearer, her breath coming faster now. She felt almost outside of it, cataloguing it all. The sweat under her breasts, his teeth on her nipple just so through her blouse, and how she brought herself down almost angrily upon him despite the cramp in her leg, despite his sudden groan and spasm. She was there moments later. Ten seconds. Ten seconds of whitehot burn, it held long, maybe twenty seconds. It was still going and she let herself go into the pleasure, let herself have the luxury of one long drawn-out sigh. Twenty seconds of not thinking, not hearing, just pure feeling, until she came down heavily and leaned back, neck arched, breath stolen, and her mind abruptly hers again. So brief but so . . . efficient. Yes, those twenty seconds meant more to her than they should. Meant more than he did to her actually. The relief of not thinking. Gone now, she thought as she climbed off, tore the remnants of her hose off and stuffed it in her purse. Then she slipped her bare feet into her shoes. The camera would be back up in two minutes.

Paul leaned up and kissed her cheek almost chastely. She smiled again. Irony was good on him.

"Sleep well," he whispered as she climbed back to the front seat. She almost laughed. She was half-asleep already and thought that would make a good ruse. She would look sleepy and they would think that she'd taken a catnap in her car, too tired to even go into the house. It wasn't even entirely untrue.

"I will," she said back.

She thought about cautioning him not to get caught but he was out the door and well out of sight before the clock marked the twelfth minute. Then she lifted her head from the steering wheel and noted that she looked properly foggy and tired in the rearview window. She opened the car door and locked it before walking to her doorstep. 

She slept for a straight eighteen hours before the phone rang and she automatically picked it up, knowing that she'd hear her codename calling her in.

"Anaïs."

1985 – Section One

She nodded and watched Jorka as Brooks turned up the dial. The woman stared straight ahead as the smell of burning flesh filled the air.

Madeline nodded again. Jorka was leaned over. She focused straight ahead at the sound of Madeline's voice.

"The location of the base." There was silence. Madeline nodded calmly as Green turned her dial. Jorka jerked in her seat, her body like a rag doll. By the time Madeline nodded again Jorka was shivering.

"Your body won't last with this all day." Madeline watched her. Sometimes this was tedious because the outcome was usually the same. But something about the girl rang a faint memory. And she wasn't screaming yet. That was something. Because they all did scream in the end whether they gave up information or not.

The girl looked up at Madeline from where she was secured in the metal chair. Bright hatred shown in her brown eyes. But something else. A distance. Interesting.

"Perhaps we should try a different tack."

Madeline knew that look. She had seen it in her own eyes often enough. This girl wasn't going to break. At least not with torture. Or at least not with own.

1982 – Singapore 

Madeline woke up. She didn't move a muscle. She slowly took a deep breath. In and out. That rib was still healing. The others were only bruised. Probably some costal cartilage. She thought of her plants in her office. The bonsai could go three more days without water. The orchids could go longer . . . she breathed. The pain was moderate. That was better. Yesterday it had been more acute. She took her time getting herself to a seated position. She had on a clean nightgown this time. Must be morning. He always changed her clothes in the morning. It was hard to tell in this room, with just the bed, bureau, and no windows. But her older injuries ached less. She tried to stand and the pain in her ankle brought her up short, forcing her to sit back on the bed. The ankle fracture should take six weeks to heal. But this felt like it wasn't mending properly from the outset. They would have to break it and reset it later. At least her wrist was just a sprain. The cut on her lip was fresh but had stopped bleeding. Today must be Thursday. One week. She forced herself to stand and hobble to the bathroom. She thought of the day's schedule on the way there. A tray with food had already been laid out but she ignored it for now. Just using the toilet was enough to use the little energy at her disposal. Besides he'd be in for her soon. It was best to be ready.

Sure enough minutes later—Madeline calculated exactly sixteen minutes by counting off sixty-second intervals in her head—he arrived.

"Hello, my darling." He was dressed in an expensive suit. Armani. If one didn't know what he was he might be almost attractive. Until you looked into his eyes.

"Hello," she said back. He leaned over to kiss her in the bed and she sat still. Any flinching or unexpected moves could set him off. And her injuries were improving. There were two missions due out in the next two weeks and she fully expected to be back at Section—albeit on crutches—to see them through.

"Ah, cherie," he touched her eye with experienced fingers. "You're healing." She stared back at him. "You are a most exquisite find. Not many have such a capacity for pain as you do. It is your most special gift."

She just looked at him. Then slowly she smiled. It wasn't her only gift but he didn't have to know that.

He reached for her throat then, lightning quick. "I paid you a compliment. Say thank you."

"Thank you," she said immediately. Her tone wasn't docile but it was civil. He looked at her for a long moment before releasing his fingers. She decided to count the small tiles on the floor again while she waited.

"Section One was very unwise to give you up."

Again Madeline didn't say anything. It didn't matter. He didn't want information from her. That much had been clear. He left the room briefly and she waited again. He was quite unpredictable at times. She slowly half-hopped to the mirror. Her face was indeed a variety of colors and bruises. No permanent damage, however.

When the door opened again he seemed pleased to see her standing.

"I want you to wear this tonight," he said tossing her a black sheath dress. She looked at it and glanced up with a puzzled look on her face.

"There are a few friends I'd like you to meet." And with that he left the room again. 

Day seven, she thought while examining the dress. It was well-cut and well-made. There wasn't a bra or any undergarments. And what for? She would have little need for them. It would be awkward with the ankle but she'd manage it. His friends. It was about time.

Later, much later, Madeline was left alone again in the dark room. The tracer had been placed and the message sent. Three more days. No more bones had been broken and her body would repair itself in time. The broken rib would take a good two months to heal if she was careful. She would have to be careful. Section had little use for Level 5 operatives with permanent disabilities. At least not in the field. The bruises on her face and throat would fade in a couple of weeks as well. She slowly got herself out of the dress and pulled a clean gown over her head. Then she lay back. She was sore but that was to be expected. Everything had gone according to plan. The subject trusted her. Now she just had to make sure he didn't damage her further before Paul arrived. She was growing impatient, having figured out his tactics well before she had ever met him. He did have that slight unpredictability. A four percent chance for error. But so far everything had gone according to plan. They had been planning this operation for months. 

Day 10. That last session with the wires had been unfortunate. She had let down her guard. Her spine still buzzed but it didn't hurt. Not anymore. Not when you had already profiled four future missions in your head and were working on a fifth. That vertebra would take a long time to heal. She didn't feel it now but she would certainly feel it later. She would have to feel it in order to not re-injure it. Pain was a message but it was not one she needed now. Three hours and the team would be here. The subject had flown into a rage when she simply hadn't spoken back to him fast enough. It had been a miscalculation on her part. Sore inside and out, Madeline reviewed the lesson. Never underestimate the will of a subject.

1985 – Section One

Tears ran down Jorka's face. Madeline was impassive. And a bit disappointed. The girl had seemed so strong. She had reminded Madeline of herself. And that only happened .08% of the time. But when the burning flesh was not hers, when her companion had started shrieking, begging, the game had been won.

"So the location." Madeline could afford to be patient now.

The girl had the nerve to smile. "It's been 48 hours. They'll have moved it." Madeline stared her down. Less patient.

"I'm not asking."

Jorka bowed her head and begun to speak. So much had changed in twenty years. One of the old Red Cell operatives in Jorka's place? Would have choked on her own tongue as her companion sizzled. Every year the percentages lowered. She would have to continue to factor that into her most recent profiles. She also had to update the training procedures for this new device she'd created based on the cruder one that had been used on her years before. Even though she and the Section had created it, it was best to prepare the operatives to have it used against them. She wondered idly which of their current operatives could last ten days as Jorka began to shriek at last.

They had destroyed the base hours ago. But the device had worked on its test subject well.

1982 – Madeline's office, five weeks later

"You can talk about it, you know. With me."

Madeline looked up from her desk in surprise. There was still so much to do. They were still going ahead with their plans and there was much to plan. Santino mission for example. There was a 98% chance of success. She had to find a way to make it 99%. There was no room for error. Not now when they were so close. She realized Paul was waiting.

"I was debriefed weeks ago," she began. "There's nothing more to say."

"Madeline—"

"Paul." Her tone was cool. "You have a mission in ninety minutes. I need to get these specs up." The last sentence was said gently but with purpose. This was not a time for him to get sentimental.

"It's okay to rest. To let your body heal."

She smiled at him mostly because he needed to see that she wasn't really angry with him. And he was trying to be kind.

"I will," she conceded. "After Santino."

Paul smiled back and walked to the conference table. She didn't know why he worried. Her ankle was healing well after being reset and she was sure she could improve this mission's chances. It was just a question of how. She thought on it a bit more. Paul's feelings for her had always been an asset. They were a good team. But maybe those feelings were becoming a liability. She would have to think more on that. But after this mission.

1982 – London, Paul's apartment

"Don't you want me anymore?"

"Playing the coquette doesn't become you, Madeline." He was sardonic so she dropped the act. Apparently a needy damsel wasn't what he wanted in his bed.

"You had no problem with it an hour ago," she threw back, getting up and putting on a robe. "Or it was better when you thought you were my white knight?" She paused. "I had a job, Paul. I did it."

They both dressed in silence. Nothing has really changed. The sex was still good. This didn't surprise her but it had obviously surprised him. She could tell he had expected to find her broken. She stood up and went to straighten his tie. These days the talks after sex seemed to bond them together more than the sex itself. It made her reconsider why they were sleeping together at all, beyond their immediate needs.

"You're colder," he said looking down at her. It was an honest comment, not a judgment she could tell.

"No. Just more myself. We are so close, Paul."

"I'm not backing out. I was just concerned about you."

"Well, don't be."

1995 – Section One

Madeline watched the unconscious girl behind the two-way glass. 

"She'll never make it," Paul said.

Madeline looked closely at the girl's face. Her beauty was striking.

"She has been on the streets too long," he added.

He meant the young woman's manners and her behaviors. That could be changed. Madeline knew that herself. She smiled a little remembering the feel of Geoff's hands around her ankles as a little girl. She had grown up with every advantage money could provide but she had still been wild once. The Section had a way of taking the wildness out of one. Channeling it into focus. This girl had promise if they handled her the right way. Madeline considered the young woman again. She was young, restless. Wounded too. She'd want a mother. Yes, that was it. She wasn't young so much in age but in mind.

"She has potential," Madeline said. Paul looked at her and smiled. He trusted her because she was nearly always right.

"Who?" He asked.

"Michael. He has a way with the vulnerable ones." Paul shrugged in response.

"I say she doesn't make it through her first mission. She's weak." Madeline smiled back.

"We'll see."

2010 – A private island in the South Pacific

Madeline poured theme both glasses of pink grapefruit juice and she glanced at her laptop for the morning reports. Paul was looking out on the ocean high where their mansion was located. It was like their own private Perch and the sea was their temporary Section One. She had built it that way. The landscape beneath them was wet from the season and everything was lush and green.

"Nikita runs Oversight and Section One is one her special projects. She'll never let us back in."

"Nikita never wanted us dead." Madeline replied before taking a sip of her coffee. She had always known the woman better than Paul. Paul just didn't like her.

"I'm sure she hasn't grieved us much either." Madeline smiled. Same Paul. She could never do this without him.

"Why did you do it?" He asked in a different tone. Inquisitive. Cautious. She waited. "The capsule." Ah, yes. All these years and he never asked before now.

"I wanted out on my terms."

"Even by nearly dying?"

"The drug did its job."

"You didn't want to work under her or anyone. Just like Adrian."

"We were good at what we did."

"It's been nine years, Madeline. Even we, at our best, would never allow this. Never allow anyone to return."

"I've contacted the heads of Sections Two, Five, and Seven. Section One has only weakened in our absence. Now everything is in place should she fight it. I suppose the only question is—do you want it?" Her words were quiet but she made sure he heard the steel in them. She really did not want to do this without him.

"With you?" He asked, turning to look at her from the railing.

She instinctively knew what he meant. He meant at his side, not in his bed. Their partnership had always been more important that romance. Madeline smiled more genuinely. They had always been on the same page from the start.

"Of course," she replied.

"It would be my greatest pleasure." He grinned and leaned with easy grace back over the railing. Madeline so enjoyed his presence and renewed vitality. Patience had brought him back to her. It would bring the Section back to her as well.

2010 – Nikita's apartment

Madeline was sipping tea again. She marveled at Nikita's cool at finding Madeline in her apartment. She had just sat down to drink tea too. The once wild girl had been replaced with a woman of implacable calm.

"You never wanted this," Madeline continued. "You've only stayed because there was no one else. Because you wanted change and out of some misguided sense of loyalty to your father."

Nikita set down her cup, poised as ever. She crossed her legs and waited a few beats. Then she smiled slightly. She said nothing. Seemingly she had all the cards and Madeline admired the woman's confidence in her position.

"You would have kept me alive." Madeline recalled their last conversation with the fraudulent Mr. Jones. How belittling it had been to watch them argue her fate in front of her. But Nikita had wanted her alive. She now had her wish.

"So I'm willing to compromise as well. You could go free, Nikita. We won't look for you." Nikita rolled her eyes in disbelief before she could control herself.

"Why?"

"If I have the Sections I'll have what I want." Near truth usually worked in these situations and Madeline wasn't above using every ounce of persuasion she possessed.

"Why risk that I'd come back someday?"

"Because I know you don't want to. Your plan has failed. Section's strength is half of what it was when you first were recruited. Terrorism worldwide has only gotten worse. Section is more humane to its operatives, yes. But it's lost its teeth to do the things that only it could do." More truth. Nikita didn't deny anything.

"You've done an admirable job but . . . You were never cut out for this." Nikita looked up with a sharp glance. She was angry. But there was some pride in her. And satisfaction. For years she had tried to tell them this. Madeline wasn't surprised that it still meant something to her.

"And if I say no?"

Madeline could tell Nikita wasn't convinced at all. She was probably rallying support for an intersection war in her mind. It was what Madeline herself would be thinking in Nikita's place.

"It will be a battle. Our supporters are numerous."

"So are mine." Madeline didn't bother to repress a smile. Yes. The woman had grit. Always had. She allowed herself a moment of pride herself for having seen it all those years ago in a skinny beggar girl.

"Many will die. Section's strength will be reduced again." Madeline stared straight into Nikita's older but not quite wiser blue eyes. She watched the woman swallow and then sip her tea. The Section's failures were all on Nikita's head and unlike Madeline Nikita still seemed to feel each loss keenly.

"Besides," Madeline continued, moving in for the coup de grace. "Adam Samuelle turns eighteen years old next week. He's starting university in Ecuador. You know Michael won't be far away from his son. Michael is long out of Section and his responsibility to Adam nearly complete. You two could just . . . disappear."

Nikita wasn't looking at her now. She was staring into her teacup as if the future was written in its murky depths. She was thinking. Freedom. It has always been a talisman for the younger woman. Silence stretched out while Madeline calculated what the weather would be when she landed home based on projections from previous years. No typhoons this year but they should think about heading upground. Her contact in La Havre was ready to move if Nikita refused outright. Madeline just had to press a single button on her cell phone and war would begin.

"You've had years to analyze me. And you think you know me," Nikita said. She was staring at Madeline now. Her eyes were wide and tense. "But you don't. Not anymore. This will only end one way. With one of us dead."

"All right." Madeline pulled a gun from her jacket. Nikita didn't even look surprised. Madeline's esteem of the younger woman rose higher. She had apparently learned more than they'd taught her in the last years.

Madeline pointed the gun at Nikita. It was Nikita's turn to smile tightly. Then Madeline flipped the gun and handed it handle-first to the other woman.

"Then shoot me. Show me you've changed in sixteen years. Shoot me."

Madeline wanted to know. The call would still be made especially if her plane didn't touch down by 10am the next day. She knew Nikita knew that. Part of her was curious anyway.

Nikita took the gun in a smooth motion and snapped the safety off. She pointed it at Madeline's head. Madeline looked at her straight on. It wasn't the first gun ever pointed at her head. 

"Bye Madeline."

Madeline smiled. She waited and even stared past Nikita. That should make it easier for her, she thought to herself. The she heard Nikita put the gun on the table. Madeline glanced back to Nikita's face. She looked conflicted now. Paul had always thought the woman had never had what it took to remain an operative. But which was harder? Living on the outside or staying in Section? The answer differed for each of them.

"Nine years ago you could have had me killed. But you didn't. I looked at the records. Your recommendations. You wanted me alive while Paul wanted me dead. Why? Because you think I'm weak? That you can control me?"

"No," Madeline replied. "I knew you were resilient. And I was right. You would have survived Michael's death. You've done as well as you could with the Section. Bounced back without him. Alone. Now, for the first time, you have a choice. A real choice. I'm offering you a life, Nikita. It's too late for me and Paul but it doesn't have to be too late for you."

"Why don't you just shoot me now? You'll probably shoot me dead someday anyway." The blond woman sounded weary as if part of her wanted Madeline to shoot. To take the responsibility of this decision from her.

"Perhaps. But if you never approach the Section again why would I want to?" There was a long, long silence. Nikita broke it first.

"It will never work. Center will want a body. DNA evidence."

"Well, a lot has changed with DNA evidence in nine years. And . . . Center has been misled before." Madeline continued to sip her tea. She sensed victory but it would not do to underestimate this woman. Not again. 

There was another long silence as both women finished their tea. Madeline felt she'd won but it wasn't a certainty. Nikita had double-crossed them before and there was a chance she would do it again. But Madeline sensed a deep fatigue in the woman beyond the stress of running the Sections. And a loneliness. But even Madeline couldn't be sure.

2010 – A private island in the South Pacific

Her plane touched own on the private runway at exactly 10:04am, several hours ahead of a tropical storm. Paul was there to greet her. He'd gained some weight in the past years but still looked every inch the man he had been nine years before. Power still radiated from the man like the hum from a sports car.

He walked with her to the house before the rain started to fall. He was eager she knew and asked as soon as the housekeeper took their coats.

"Did she go for it?"

"She will."

"How do you know?"

Madeline held up her PDA and gave him a smile of triumph.

"Our sources and taps on her private line reported a deep channel communiqué. To Ecuador." Paul's eyes lit up and if they were younger she knew he would twirl her around like the day they had had Adrian escorted from the Section.

"You're as brilliant as ever, my dear. A plan ten years in the making." He took her hand and kissed it.

Longer than that, she thought smiling. Longer than that.

1977 – St. Petersburg

"Run. Now!" He was shouting at her but she ignored him.

"It's not finished sequencing," she muttered. He watched her pull out a small screwdriver and pry the cover off the charge. She was tapping numbers into it in a coordinated fashion.

"You should run." She threw the words over her shoulder. "So they don't lose both of us."

"Someone has to watch your back." She smiled despite her irritation. It was Section. No one ever watched your back. Except for yourself.

"You have thirty seconds," she told him as she worked. He held his gun at the ready should anyone pop out of nowhere.

The charge finally glowed green and with fifteen seconds to spare they simply dove over the roof into the icy waters.

Madeline broke the surface first, glad for her wet suit against chill. She had soon swum to the rough beach with her cohort only a few steps behind her. She threw back her curly wet hair, spraying him with droplets. He stopped and just watched her face. She was used to men looking at her that way but at the moment she didn't care. They had hit the target and were alive! It never failed to thrill her. In a few minutes a boat would arrive and they'd taken be back at Section to do it all over again.

She sat down on a rock and looked at him. She knew who he was even though she hadn't really interacted with him until he had thrown that first grenade on this mission.

"You should have jumped first," she opened. "You're the mission leader." It was one of the first things any raw recruit was taught.

"Leader, huh?" He flashed a smile. He was handsome, she realized again. "You're the only one of my team to survive. Who am I leading?" She let herself laugh. Handsome, but not smug. Interesting. One might actually call that charming and if their escape had been a little less close she would be suspicious right now. Instead she allowed herself to rest a bit, the adrenaline coursing through her body at a low but steady ebb.

"Still," she said in a more serious tone. "Mission . . ."

"Protocols," they finished together, sharing a smile. She forgot her earlier annoyance with him which she realized had mostly been worry that they'd lose the whole mission. This one was different, she could feel it. It piqued her curiosity. How different he was remained to be seen. He stuck out his hand as if she knew she had been analyzing him like a subject. Though she knew his name and she was sure he knew hers that had been on paper. This was real.

"I'm Paul," he said. She took his hand. It was cold from their swim but firm.

"Madeline." 

"Nice to meet you, Madeline." He kissed her hand and she snatched it away, rolling her eyes. "Sorry that you didn't see much of Leningrad."

Madeline leaned back against the cold rocks and closed her eyes, her ears straining to hear the sound of the motorboat.

"It'll always be St. Petersburg to me," she murmured. A mission done well. And maybe a new friend. It was a good day.

"Me too." She heard him say and could tell he was looking at her with undisguised interest as he spoke. A friend. She smiled. Maybe more.

1969 - Paris 

She was taller now. All of her slacks had become high on her ankles in only weeks. And she was thinner. Her father worried about her. He even let her use the family's line of credit now to buy new clothes but it was more fun stealing them than buying them. Breaking into places was a challenge and she hadn't gotten caught yet. The smile that had stopped working on her mother at age nine was still disarming to everyone else and Madeline made the most of it. 

Madeline liked the clothes. Liked her changing body and the new entre it gave her. She was also surprised that her looks and charm worked as easily on women as it did men. Wearing the same uniform that she wore to school, she had duped the female department store manager into giving her a new jacket for free a week ago. She had also looked earnest and had been smart enough to convince the security guard at Le Petit Chateau that she was visiting Madame Chouette today. 

Madeline remembered the older lady from her brief stay at the mental hospital five years ago. It was private and had been designed as a comfortable chateau, but still was a hospital. The woman had been a permanent fixture then and hadn't spoken a word in twenty years. Madeline now casually walked into the visiting area which looked like anyone's living room with plush couches and fine wood bookcases. Madeline even sat down next to the elderly woman who was by the window as usual. Fortunately, Madeline's looks had changed dramatically and no one recognized her as the little girl with curly braids as she walked past. 

She simply waited even though anticipation beat within her like a drum. This place had taught her patience and she sat near the lady murmuring children's rhymes in a low voice to her until visiting hours were nearly over. Then she left the visiting room and headed in the direction of the restroom. She quickly turned off to another room just before, using the thin rods Pierre had lent her to pick the lock. She wasn't noticed as there were more strangers in the halls during transitions when some families visited patients in their rooms. And Madeline had a deft touch with the rods. This was her third 'visit' back to the Chateau and it would be her last. 

A few minutes later Madeline sat in at Dr. James' chair examining her file. Not much had changed in his office except her feet reached the floor now. And it was different sneaking into his office between shifts than at night after stealing the spare key from one of the nurses. No one ever suspected a little girl, she remembered, flipping through the thick folder. Here was where she had first read the words, "sociopath" and here in the American doctor's own personal library was where she had learned what that word had meant. Her insatiable curiosity had taught her the rest. Apparently her lack of remorse over Sarah's death had caused them to think she was incapable of feeling. And perhaps she was. Or perhaps she just knew the proper time and place to show feelings, Madeline reasoned, as a photo of Sarah fluttered to the floor. 

She picked it up, staring at the beautiful child smiling at the camera. Same curly hair and brown eyes as her own. She recalled the final thump of her sister's body hitting the landing. Her mother's shriek when she found Madeline by the body, the slap her mother had given her before bursting into tears. Her mother had been afraid, Madeline remembered. Afraid of her. Madeline swallowed and flipped to the notes on pink carbons at the end of her file. There was a proper time and a place. Which was not now. Her mother had never learned to restrain her emotions. But Madeline could. 

She glanced at her watch. Eight minutes. She recognized the now-familiar notations on her file. "Continued surveillance by S1." In her first visit she had found dozens of files of other patients observed by S1. It had only been last year, in a locked box hidden behind the shelves, that had she found the printouts and information on what the organization was. They had been watching her for a long time and they were thorough she saw, finding both her recent school picture and a current copy of her transcript documenting her as valedictorian of her collège, which the doctor had translated as middle school. There was even a clipping from her gang's attack on the University's administration building. Though no one had been hurt that little bomb had gotten attention. Good, she exhaled. Nothing had changed. She didn't have time to check but in her previous searches through the noted files she remembered; she had been the only child. 

But she was a child no longer. She closed the folder and replaced her file in the drawer. Visiting hours were over. The plan would be executed tomorrow and it would be their biggest job yet. The weapon was already waiting in a safety deposit box, she thought, as she walked out past security, smiling at the guard whose eyes, true to form, never left her legs in her short school skirt. High heels, a neat suit and make up on a different day last week had made her look eighteen so that she could open her own account. A clean gun with its serial numbers filed off so it couldn't be traced. That wouldn't matter later. Something would go wrong. She would make sure it would. She had to be careful too. She had to seem to be of average intelligence at first and her actions just those of an impetuous teenager. 

Briefly, she considered where the man should be shot. Carotid artery was certain death. As was a point-blank shot to the heart. No, she sighed, walking to the bus stop. That would look too calculating for a scared kid. The face. Perfect. It would drive the small bones of his face into his skull and blow out his brain even with a little .22. Pierre had said she could take the lead this time. It would mean she would do the talking and the directing. It would mean she would hold the gun. 

Twenty-four hours later, Madeline was shrieking in a jail cell, tears streaming down her face. "It was a mistake! I'm sorry!" The officers all looked at her with pity. But all the evidence led straight to her. They'll believe I killed myself, she thought. Pretty little girl mixed up with the wrong crowd. Such a shame. There was no way they wouldn't try her as an adult. Her role in her sister's death would seal her fate. Or so it would seem. 

Madeline was not surprised to wake up a few days later, drowsy but in a white room with a single door. She was not scared. She listened to a man named Kurt's words. He was trying to frighten her but underneath she could tell he was kind. He liked her. She cried on cue and gave them the scene they expected, crying for her parents. Kurt seemed nice but she'd been reading information for over a year. He'd kill her himself in two years if she didn't perform. It would be like snuffing out a cat to them. But she had claws. They would find out. She would train. She would learn. She could do anything if she put her mind to it. Kurt left her alone and she allowed herself a small smile. 

Section One. Finally.