Rimmer had been thrilled when he’d been assigned his own hunting party. To the amusement (and frequently bemusement) of everyone involved, he treated the expeditions like miniature military campaigns; with the unsuspecting wildlife of Santa Ria as the enemy. Although there were farms in the community that bred various animals for food, certain wild species - such as rabbits, deer and wild boar – were often destructive to crops; so it paid to keep the numbers down. It was seen as a bonus that they also happened to be quite tasty. 

Originally, Lister had intended to be a part of Rimmer’s crack squad of killers. He’d had a testosterone-fired vision of himself being a strong and manly hunter, bringing home food for the rest of the village and looking rugged. It hadn’t quite worked out that way.

He’d gone out with them just once and – seeing as it was his first time – Rimmer had taken him off alone for some private tuition. It had been fun for the first hour or so; stalking through the undergrowth, listening for the rustle in the bushes that indicated your prey was close. In fact, it had all been fun right up until a plump brown rabbit had lolloped out into the open and Rimmer had hissed, “Get it!”

He’d raised the bow and arrow, aimed carefully...and then stopped. “I can’t do it, man,” he whispered desperately.

“Of course you can,” Rimmer whispered back encouragingly, “You’re good at archery. You’ll get it easily.”

“No, I mean...I know I can, I just can’t.”

“What are you talking about?”

“I don’t want to kill it!”

“Lister, we’re hunting. The whole purpose of hunting is that you kill things.”

“Right. You’re right. I’m being stupid,” Lister said, giving himself a shake. He took aim again with a determined expression.

The rabbit sat back and started washing its ears. Lister dropped the bow and arrow and threw his hands up, “I can’t! I can’t do it! I’m sorry, but I can’t!”

“Lister, it’s just a damn rabbit!”

“It’s a living thing!”

“So were the Furies. You didn’t mind killing them,” Rimmer pointed out reasonably.

“That was totally different and you know it,” Lister glared at him, “That was self-defence. And anyway, they were evil.”

“You mean they weren’t cute and fluffy.”

“It’s nothing to do with that! I’m taking a moral stand!” Lister folded his arms.

“So you’ll be becoming a vegetarian then?” Rimmer said sweetly, “Seeing as you’re so opposed to killing animals.”

“Oh, smeg off!”

Lister started to stomp away back to the village but Rimmer caught up with him, laughing. “Okay, okay. So hunting’s not for you. Don’t get in a sulk.”

“Everyone’s going to laugh at me,” Lister said glumly.

“Oh, Dave,” Rimmer hugged him, “It’s okay. Nobody has to know that you couldn’t kill the sweet widdle fwuffy bunny wabbit!” He started laughing again and Lister punched him in the arm. “Yeah, well, I don’t know how you manage it either, Mister Faints-At-The-Sight-Of-Blood!”

“I’m fine with blood just so long as it’s not mine,” Rimmer replied, restraining him and giving him a kiss. Lister gave him a hard look,

“If you tell anyone, I’m going to pee in your coffee for a week, man. Don’t think I won’t!”

“Duly noted,” Rimmer smiled, “Come on, let’s go home.” He put his arm around Lister’s waist and they set off down the track.

“Do you think I’m a wuss?” Lister asked.

“Actually, I was just thinking how lucky it was that the Furies didn’t look like Ewoks,” Rimmer grinned, “You would have been done for.”

“Rimmer!”

“Oh, come on, it doesn’t matter! You can go and work on the crop farms with the other lads in the village and no-one will think any less of you.”

“Right.”

“Although,” Rimmer added smugly, “You do realise that this now officially makes me the man in our relationship.”

“What?! Smeg off, Rimmer! It so does not!”

“Oh yes it does! Because I’m going to be the one going out and risking life and limb while you hang around the village gossiping!”

“Oh, yeah, that rabbit back there looked really vicious, Rimmer. I’m sure it would have had your arm off soon as look at you. Dangerous species there, you’ve gotta watch ‘em.”

“Ah, but it’s the principle of the thing, Listy. I’m going to be the one bringing home the bacon. Literally.”

Issues of manliness aside, Lister had taken up a place on the wheat farm, and he was perfectly happy with that. It was a fairly laid-back way of life; they sowed seeds, harvested crops, fixed any machinery that needed fixing and chased away any animals they caught thieving in the fields. And, on good days, they spent a lot of time lying around smoking, chatting and generally catching a few rays. Most of the men in the village already knew and respected him; he was, after all, one of the generals who had led them against the Furies. But now he was getting to know people individually, on a more personal basis and he’d made a lot of new friends. He was content.