my name is ranee.my hubby name is rams ( ramamoorthy) i am basically
from andra. my hubby from chennai...he is BI & incest..me lesbi and
incest...

now i am going to tell u an incident that happened in my hubby's
family. her name is seetha..age 38....matured lady...widow...her only
son babu..age 13..going to school...young  charming boy...seetha's
hubby dead years back...she did not marry again..she wanted to live
for her son..her son  just resembled her husband. so she loved her
son more than any thing.....every thing was going good...till one
day....

babu one day felt sick. he had some fever.....seetha was much
worried. she took him to her family doctor for treatment. days went
on...the medical bill only was going higher and higher...but no
use.the boy's fever has not come down.. day by day his health
condition was getting worse. seetha saw senior doctors..too ...no
use...one day seetha's  own sister kala(who was living in the village
and who was taking care all the cultivative lands of seetha) came to
see seetha. seetha informed her sister abt babu's  health condition
and her mental worry abt her son's health. seetha believed that kala
may know a better way to get a speedy recovery for  her son babu.
so...when kala came to see seetha.....she  burst out in tears and
hugged kala telling her fear that she may loose her son becoz of the
fever. but kala enquiered all abt  the treatment given to
babu..seetha said said to kala all doctors say that babu has no
probelm in his body. but the fever did not go and  his body also day
by day was getting thin.....this all made seetha too much afraid that
her son may die.

kala heard all silently. she consoled seetha..she told seetha she
wanted to check babu's table drawer and almirah ect..all his secret
places..with out his knowledge..seetha wondered why. kala said.." plz
do not ask me "why"......do what i said..show me all his belongings"
so seetha showed babu's all table drawers almirah ect...of course
with out his knowledge..

kala found out some thing something astonishingly..so many sex
books..sex video cassttes...full hardcore pics...seetha was not able
to believe her eyes..her son only age 13 to 14 age is after sex? that
also all matured ladies pics....and thrilling hardcore pics...seeing
all those.... seetha's cunt became wet...and started dripping
juices...which made her thighs wet..kala's condition was worse..she
was fingering her bulging cunt in front of her eldersister seetha.
after  some time they came to senses. now kala started to speak..."
akka...( sister) now i understand the problem..babu is having vindhu
katti fever( means...it is believd in certain cases of boys...at
their maturity stage..the semen should come out automatically or
arificialy by masterbation...or semen will come out when the boys
dream in nights...( nature does this job)..but there are certain
cases very problem.for those boys...semen will not come out
naturally...or artificially...even nature fails to do that...so that
produced new semen comes from the produced place and get clotted on
the way...if it is not care-taken well.......the boy has chances to
die becoz of this agony. so the best way is to make his semen to come
from his balls.." kala conclued this way..

hearing all these.....seetha got frozen...she does not know what to
do..though she is eleder, she sought the help of her younger sister
kala. kala gave some ideas which seetha even did not dream in her
life. yes....kala told seetha to arrange one talented girl for his
son to get rid of this clotting of semen from his body...seetha did
not ven think that her son may need a girl  to get recovery from his
sickness. kala told seetha this is the only way..

so both of them consunlted their maid servant who was a relaibale
person for seetha..seetha uses her to shave her hairy arm pit and her
bulging hairy cunt. in such situations the maid used to finger
seeth's unfucked pussy....seetha will be in heaven at those times
(with out .husband's fuck her pussy was too much thirsty for a nice
cock..but being afraid of soceity seetha was controling her) .so
seetha treated the maid in a decent way with nice salary and ince
dressess.

after deep discussion... she told them she  will bring a lady age of
25..becoz they know babu's sex thrist is towards matured ladies only.
seetha and kala told the maid not to bring any prostitues or call
girls who may spoil his cock and give him HIV too. but the maid said
she is not that much of illiterate and she is quite aware fo HIV..so
she will select only from the family .in her area.   there are
certain families .they were in need of money. husband may be
drunkards..for kids' school fees or kids' treatment such ladies were
ready to go for fuck outside but they are not professionls
fuckers.....that also to very selective family guys only...the maid
knew such a lady.. she brought her to seetha nad kala..the mother
explained every thing..kala said told the vani(her name) all abt
babu's probelm  and told her by fair or foul means she should bring
his clotted semen out.the sexy labour  vani was very happy to know
she is going to fuck a 14 year boy and fees are also reasonably good.

seetha and kala gave her( vani) a good bath ..and they them selves
cleaned her cunt and arm pit..becoz seetha was afraid her son should
not feel dirty.then these 4 women had confrence keeping babu in the
middle.it was clealy explained to him this is not for sex but for his
life. so he need not feel shy or delicate abt this...like this...
they consoled him.. that night vani locked the room and she started
her seducings towards babu..babu had lot of fantasies even at his
young age..he always loved to fuck in imagination only matured ladies
like his mom siththi( mom's sister...kala)so as soon  as vani
entered  the room..... he hugged her...and squeezed her boobs and
crushed her clit raising her nighty.vani was black... but solid
strong milky ( yea ..vani had a one year old kid..so her boobs were
milky) boobs thunder thighs .. she pushed him on the bed..
vow.....she thought he was a boy and his cock may be 2 or 3 inches
only..but..babu had nice cock and the bud was rosy and like a thick
rod. vani kissed on the red knob of the cock.but babu pushed his cock
in her mouth.." vani  plz suck my cock.. take it fully in yr
mouth...plz give me yr black juicy cunt...i have seen so many BFs...
i was waiting for this chance...plz let me taste yr punda( cunt)
juice...my cock is hungry for a long time i want to fill yr mouth
with my thick fresh juice  plz suck me upto my core" saying like,
this babu started fucking vani in her mouth..

vani...cried with joice..." u young stud...this is happiest time for
me in my life..i had a dream of fucking a boy like u for a long
time...ur cocks tastes like candy...this night is yrs ...u make
me ..suck..fuck me..enjoy all my holes...fuck me till i faint...fill
yr juices till my woomb overflows..this one night fuck should make me
pregnent..plz...do not show mercy on me...tear my cunt...u want to
fuck my ass also? come on dear boy...welocme to my ass...thrust yr
cock fully in my ass...if u want u want too see yr fucking show to be
witnessed  i will call yr  mom and yr siththti....surely they will
enjoy this scene ....fuck me u bastard...fuck tilll all my holes and
fill them  by yr semen.."  vani cired like this..

1st she suck him .then they made 69... in 69 position babu sucked her
cuntal lips and chewed her clit...vani was in heaven... she had so
many orgasms..babu did not become tired of drinking her cunt
juices...then she made her sit on his lap..in that position he pushed
his cock fully in nher cunt..vani made a slight cry..." hanggggggg."
she felt  his cock came to the throat.she felt his cock was in full
and occupied in each every atom of her body...she felt  she has been
caught by a octopus...babu was fucking very hard..her cuntal lips
were gradually getting heated  becoz his fast fuck.vani 's rogasm
coming and going.. but babu did not pump out his semen. his rod was
as thick as a steel rod... time was going on...vani thought she will
knock out  this boy within 10 minutes...but her calculation was
wrong..she was becoming very tired and feel pain full allover her
body...she felt all her muscles are torn apart.and bones were
crushed...she felt her cunt way fully reddish and painfull and clit
was abt to spilt in to pieces..at abt 4 am in the morning she pushed
the boy form his hug and fuck.... she somewhat managed to take her
clothes and came and open the door..seetha and vani were sleeping in
the hall itself to know the result..vani simply threw the money which
seetha gave to her for that night fucking job ...and told them...."
see this boy is having a cock of steel..i tried all my ways..see my
boobs and nipples  see my cuntal lips... see my clit....it seems it
will take at least one week for me to recover from this disaster..not
only me....no lady in the world can fuck this cock and collet the
semen from his balls to her woomb..i am sure of it.....now byebye to
u..." so sayinmg she slowly slowly went and vanihsed from their
sight..both seetha and kala got frozen.

babu came out of the room in full nude withan erected cock....seeking
that angry cock both seetha and kala cunts became wet...to welcome it
in them..he said..." mom...what is this? did i ask  u for a remedy?
now what u have done? made the situation worse...see my cock...how
stiff it stands? how i can make it cool? y i have been such? is it my
fault? how long i have to suffer like this? plz better let me die..."
so saying crying he went inside and locked the door. seetha and kala
got much worried.

morning kala asked seetha " sister...u love yr son?"

seetha said..."kala..... what nonsense u r asking?  i would have
committed suicide  when my husband died...why i live...becoz of my
only son...for his sake only i decided to survive....u understand
it...? do not ask such a idiotic question here after?"

kala replied...." okok...so it means   u can do anything for yr only
son's recovery? am i right?"

" yes....100% sure..i will do any thing for my son's recovery....
even my life...." was the reply of seetha.

"hoho....no need to sacrifice yr life..but u should be broad-minded
to yr son"  said kala...

" broadminded? how? means....hei be open kala..." said seetha...

" is it so? ok now listen... we have to save our son from a big
sick..no one can help him except  ..u.......his life is in yr
hands...so u decide..." kala added..

" ho come on kala ...come to the point..." seetha lost her patience..

" seetha.... u offer ur sexy chubby body to yr son..we know he likes
only matured ladies...moreover it well known all boys love their
mother secretly and masterbate in night thinking of thier
mothers...it is called edifex complex...so u spread yr thinder thighs
and open yr cunt for son's cock..and fuck him day and night...only ur
cunt has that much of capacity..becoz yr cunt only gave birth this
cock..so only yr cunt can over come it...morever for last years ur
cunt is thirsty for fuck...ur not going to fuck fuck any out
sider... ..ok?
only ur own property..yr own production,...he came  to this world thu
yr cunt......now agian he is going to enter the same way ..what is
worng in it? u fed him milk from yr boobs now agin he is going massge
yr boobs and chew yr nipples...there is nothing wrong it ....?above
all he may be very happy to fuck yr chubby body...u will also have
thunder fucks from that cock...it is the best chance for u
seetha..plz use it..." thus kala ended..

seetha simply became a stone statue hearing all these words....she
was not able to come a decision...to say  "yes" or "no" one second
her mind was filled with joy even to think to fuck her own son....the
same second her cunt started itching and wet.. so her body willing to
fuck him..only her mind was making araisng some objections..when she
hesitaed....

kala said...." ok..ok....u need not fuck him....u be out of it...i
will fuck him...i will show all my capacity and make him and his
balls  dry...i hope he likes me too... my cunt also is seeking a for
a good fuck for a long time..i love to fuck our son.. i am also a
mother to him..if he make me pregnent i will be happy.....today night
will be a siva rathiri( this night hindus will not sleep ..throughout
night they will be awaken praying God's name) for me.. if u
want ....u can see thru the window  and enjoy the sex scenes..ok
dear....."

but before kala finish her words...seetha....said...." nono....i want
to be the one who cured my son..i do not like to give that
oppurtunity to any one....if u want to fuck him....u can come late in
the night and fuck him when i go for toilet for washing my
cunt....Ok....?'"

both kala seetha laughed and called babu and hugged him and caressed
him with hug and told him abt thier decision....hearung this babu's
cock becmae steel like rod then and there itself..he lost his
patience...

he said " mom and siththi( mom's sister) why we have to wait till
night? plz let us start now itself...finally my fantasy is going to
become real...i want to enjoy every second of it...plz mom  close all
doors and windows now itself.. and let us go to bed room..see already
siththi has become very hot and her boobs and nipples are erect...i
do not know what is the position of her cunt....? let me eat her cunt
1st....plz mom u go and lock the doors and windows and come back...in
the mean time i want to eat sithhti's cunt..." so saying babu pulled
kala's hand to wards the bed room.before they reach the bed kala
threw all her dresses from her body...and she was 100% naked body
with her 35c boobs  slightly trimmed hair in her cunt..she psuhed
babu in the bed...and she sat on his mouth pressing her bulging juicy
cunt on his mouth..'''eat..eat my punda(cunt)dear son...eat my
cunt....i am also ur mom....u drink my cuntal juice and make yr self
health..this is the best tonic in the world..bite my clit my
son....hold my buttacks..finger in my ass
dear...hummmmmmmmm......this nice..........u young mother
fucker.....  u know how to use a matured lady...vow..............ur
tongue has gone inside my cunt and suck all the
juices...eat.......eat...till my cunt becomes dry....do not take yr
mouth from  there....no one ever licked my cunt like this...ho....my
god.....this young boy takes me to heaven ....i want him in my cunt
till the last day my
life.....hooooooooo........hei................ayoo.............hung...
...............lik..
lik....till u feel happy do not stop liking  my cunt...i will not
leave u till u make me pregnent u mother fucker..."

someone  pushed kala from her position...it was seetha...she was
stark naked...with her big boobs 36c...big buttacks..thunder
thighs....a cunt like a big boori( bun)...she stouted at kala....." u
bitch....let my son suck my cuntal juise 1st...pityable son....how
many days he would have dreaming abt my cunt and my chubby body ? so
let him taste my juices 1st...u plz go and suck his cock ..it is free
and make it ready for my hot cunt....u r here only to witness
ok....go bitch..do not try to snatch my son enjoying me....babu
dear...i am yr mom... look at ome for chatinmg my boobs see my
nipples....now my full cunt on yr mouth...eat my cunt till yr
satisfaction..yr satisfaction is my motto..i am here to satisfy
u....u can treat me as yr bitch.....u can use all my holes...if u
want a change u can fuck siththi(kala) too...but in front of me
only....u can enjoy us day and night till u say enough... now eat my
pussy.....yea............ssssss.............like that .....like
that...........bite my clit...u like it...dear? my juice is tasty?
tell me my deatr son....tell me my cunt juice is really better taste
than siththi-juice?  am i right....?
suck .....lick.....lick.......press my buttacks by yr hands..see my
buttacks  they are a litte bigger than siththi..see....i am more
fair....my cunt tighter than siththi...u can fuck me as much time as
u can....till i become faint u can fuck me da ...."

when seetha was saying this babu smiled and said..." mom...u r
late....already siththi  sucked my cock and made it steel like rod
and she pushed it in her hot cunt and fucking me now..just turn
around and and see.... but plz do not distuerb her.....i will not
pump my 1st semen in her cunt i swear..ok....plz do not ask her to
stop fucking me now... i love two matured ladies and enjoying me at a
time.."..

kala fogot all the world and was fucking babu as if there was no
tomorrow..her boobs wetre shaking up and down when she was fucking
babu cock. seetha was not able to control her orgasm...she came  and
came.....like a flood...in babu's mouth....babu did not waste not
even a drop from her cunt...his face was fully pasted with seetha's
cuntal juices..in down kala felt babu's cock went upto her
throat...she told seetha...." akka( sister) ...how u got such a son?
did u fuck any donkey and got pregenent..? see how his cock tearing
my cunt....even though  i am fucking this mother fucker...this much
of fast....he is not pumping his semen in my cunt...actullay this
bastard should be thankful to me...i am the person who gave this
oppurtunity to fuck his mother and siththi at a time...hereafter he
can fuck us whenever he likes...seetha if u have no objection plz
tell me now tiself...i want yr son to make me mother for his
children... yes...i want children from him...plz tell him to pump his
1st semen in my woomb and fill me...aKkk ( sister) plz....i am yr
younger  sister...u must  fullfill yr youger sister's need and
wish...."

seetha felt too mch for kala...so she told babu..." babu..... my dear
mother fucker...plZ pump yr fresh and 1st semen in kala's cunt and
make her mother for yr children..this ur mom's will and wish dear...."

hearing this...babu got furious and pushed kala downwards......he
came over her...started to give hard strokes...kala started crying
and shoutinmg....to stop her crying..... seetha sat on her mouth and
pressed her fleshy punda( cunt) on kala mouth...kala was not able to
move...her cunt was screwed terribely..and her mouth was cealed by
her sister's fat cunt..minute by minute babu's strokes were becoming
powerfulll.. ..seetha became afriad kala cunt may get
torn....becoz..babu was fucking that much of furius....kala more or
less became faint...same second babu cried
out...."mmmmmmmmmmmmooooooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmm......some thinmg is
cominmg out from me at a great speed.........mommmmmmmmmmmmmm....."
hoho..... at last his clotted semen broken and flowed in kala's dry
cunt which was waiting for such a thick semen...nealy one small bowel
of semen ..enough to make pregnent at least 15 ladies..but seetha did
not wait not even one second...she rushed to the cunt way of kala and
licked what are all came over flow...kala was laying motion less
with spread thighs ..but heavy breathing...

even though babu pumped a heavy quantity of semen in kala's cunt..
his cock was  stiff to fuck his mom's cunt..and seetha also was
having a burning sex  desire...so she pushed babu in bed . she came
over him...and thrust his cock in her cunt...and started moving up
and down..babu was massging her boobs...biting her nipples and
talking very dirty to her mother..." mom....u want me to fuck....? u
like my cock? so hereafter u r my whore? am, i rt? may i shave yr
cunt? will u piss on my face..?i want u to shit in front of me...will
u do that? after shitting i want clean yr ass ? may i do that? after
u shitting u want to push my rod  in yr ass ? may i do that? is ther
is any shit on my cock after i have fucked yr ass... will u clean it
for me? if any of my friends may be willing to fuck u...will spread
ur thighs for them and fuck them in front of me? even after my
marriage if i want to fuck u will fuck me in front of my wife? if i
have son , will u allow him to fuck u?...in my office party all my
bosses MD or chair man want to fuck yr cunt will fuck them in front
of me?" sayuing all this.......my mom  was receving strokes from my
cock heavily and said...." yes my son...what ever u say....i am yr
slut yr whore,......this cunt boobs butts are yrs enjoy them till yr
satisfaction......now give hard  strokes and pump yr semen in my
woomb...."
uuuummmmmm..................chalk...chalak..............chalak........
.hang............ayyo.............so deep.........vow.........u
mother fuker.............kill me ....hoooooooooooooo...babu pumped
his heavy load of semen in seeth's cunt.......filled her woomb her
utres.....seetha felt his semen started mixing with her blood.....in
her every drop of her blood  she felt her son's semen made
reaction....she felt doubt she may get pregnency that month
itself....she got that much pleasue...she hugged him kissed him  and
babu  was among two naked matured  ladies and both started sleeping
hugging him with great love and affection....both their hands were
holding his cock even in their sleep....

those who likes this story or pass any consloing comments  plz mail
me ...ranee_002@.... becoz yr appreciation is my tonic for my
writing energy....thank u readers...
















