Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book One: The Priestess's Passion Nine: Price of Sanctuary
Summary: Wounded after the fight with Kurg, Illina has no choice but to turn to the crime boss Fox to survive the night.
Keywords: MF MFF  fantasy magic oral super exhib voy creampie anal

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Stefan  Maliyn, The Kingdom of Secare

Nataly led the way.

The naked brunette's cute rump swayed before my angel and me as the three of us climbed the stairs of the White Froth Inn. She had a wicked smile on her face that she flashed over her shoulder as she hurried before us. She burst onto the second floor landing and arched an eyebrow.

Second door on the left, I said, my cock swelling hard after the orgasm.

My angel followed. The naughty thing had set this up. For a being who'd been a virgin a few days ago, she had a wanton streak in her. I suppose that came of being a child of Pater and Slata. The demigoddess had inherited lusts from the Father of All as well as the Goddess of Women who herself had taken a number of lovers, all her fellow deities.

Most gods had, spawning countless races of demigoddesses like angels.

Nataly opened the door and vanished inside. I rushed after, my blue mage robes whisking about my body. Ahlona sauntered behind me, her feathers rustling. I burst into my inn room to find Nataly already on the bed, legs wide, a stripe of brown hair leading to her pussy, her slit gaping open and beading with her juices.

Show me how a Thosian mage eats pussy! she moaned, writhing on the bed. Her hips wiggled from side to side. 

I licked my lips, eager to do just that. I opened my robe and lowered it to the floor. Vials rattled in its voluminous pockets, many full of Ahlona's pussy juices for when I needed to use my magic in a hurry. The girl squirmed in such a lithe and winsome fashion as she watched. Her tongue flicked across her mouth.

A randy little thing.

The door closed behind me and my angel pressed into me from behind. Her round breasts rubbed into my back. Her chastity belt felt cold on my ass. She nibbled on my ear and moaned, Show her all those skills you used on me.

Gladly, I groaned and broke away from my angel.

I climbed on the bed and crawled between Nataly's spread thighs. The spicy scent of her aroma filled my nose. She squirmed, her face twisting with her passion. Her breath quickened, her tits jiggling. She bit her lower lip and let out a wicked moan of need.

I lowered my head and breathed in the hot scent of her pussy. That wonderful musk filled my nose. It tickled my nostrils. I shuddered, my mouth hungering to feast on her. I lowered my head and nuzzled into her twat. I kissed at her. Licked at her. 

Flicked my tongue through her petals.

She gasped. Her body trembled. She whimpered and tossed her head from side to side as my tongue flicked through her folds. She squeezed her thighs about my head and then relaxed them. She undulated her hips, grinding that tasty twat against my hungry mouth.

I explored her pussy with my tongue.

I stroked her cuntlips. Brushed her clit. I thrust my tongue into the depths of her twat.

Gods, she moaned. Pater's big cock, where did you learn to do that.

You don't become a mage if you don't love pussy, I said. Worship it. You explore every petal of it. You want to give your woman as much bliss as possible so she gives you as much juice as possible.
Yes, yes, she gasped. Oh, this! This is! Oh, yes!

My hands shoved beneath her ass. I gripped her as I nibbled my lips up and down her labia. I swabbed my tongue from taint to clit, licking up those spicy juices. They brimmed with such power. The energy of her passion and life. The potential to work such mighty feats with my magic.

My hands kneaded her rump as I licked and lapped and loved her cunt. I could drown in her spicy juices happily. I had never tasted a pussy I didn't love. I could have a parade of women sit on my face and just feed me cunt cream for the rest of my life.

Ahlona slipped on the bed. She stroked my back as I feasted on the girl. The naughty angel ran her hand up and down my spine. A shiver rippled through me. I groaned into Nataly's cunt. I thrust my tongue deep into her depths.

Soaked in her spicy passion.

She squeezed her thighs about my face. Gripped me. Ground her hot cunt on me.

Oh, by the Gods! she moaned. I wish I lived in Thosi! With you mages! I could receive so much more pleasure selling my flesh!

You sell your flesh? asked Ahlona. 

Yes! gasped Nataly. Men, women! I don't care. I just want to make them cum and get paid. I love it! Working on my back beats popping out squalling babes.

You working for free tonight? I asked her. My tongue flicked up to her clit.

Sometimes! she moaned. You're just so intriguing. You have an angel with you! She's sexy and... Gods, I'm going to explode on you!

I sucked on her clit, my hands moving. My thumbs slid into her crack. My right passed her asshole, crossed her taint, and found the hot folds of her cunt. My left stopped at her sphincter. I massaged her backdoor as I nursed on her clit.

I thrust my thumbs into her holes.

I sank with ease into her juicy pussy. Her hot twat engulfed my right thumb with hunger, almost sucking on it like a calf nursing at the cow's teat. My dick throbbed, eager to slide into the whore and fuck her. My left thumb met resistance from her asshole for a moment.

But only a moment.

Her anal ring surrendered after a moment. I penetrated her bowels, sinking into the velvety tightness. Her holes clenched around both my thumbs. Her body bucked, little breasts jiggling. Her moans sang through the room.

Pater's mighty cock and Gewin's big dick! she cried out. Yes, yes, mage!

I pumped my digits in and out of her holes and worshiped her clit. Ahlona's finger kept stroking up and down my cock, teasing me. I groaned around the clit. I thrust my two thumbs deep into Nataly's ass and cunt. My tongue danced around her clit.

The girl bucked and then her entire body trembled. Her moans sang out through the inn room. Juices exploded around my thumb. They bathed my lips and mouth. I groaned, moving down to feast on her delicious twat. The cream swept over me.

I loved every moment of drinking her passion. I licked up her cream, my tongue fluttering up and down her folds around my thumb. Her asshole rippled around my left thumb. I jammed both into her deep.

Oh, Gods, you're amazing! she moaned. Yes, yes!

You are amazing, Stefan, cooed Ahlona. You're our father's son.

A surge of pride shot through me. Pater's son. I was a man who could please women as well as my father. I would stop this lunatic from killing the Father of All. He wouldn't succeed at his madness. I'd stop him.

I licked up the last of the pussy juices spilling out of the girl as she trembled through her orgasm. Then I ripped my thumbs out of her holes. I licked my lips, her spicy juices adorning me. More had flooded my mouth, filling me with power.

I accessed threads of air, harnessing the element flowing around us, and reached out to the amulet around my neck. TO the chain. A key swung on it. With a surge of earth magic, I broke a chain then used air to pull the key off. I reforged the gold, repairing the damage with another tendril of earth. I floated the key through the air and snagged it with my hand.

The girl gasped. Magic! Ooh, I never seen magic. Just a few priests do some blessings that involved a lot of cumming on my little titties.

I winked at her as I brought the key to Ahlona's chastity belt. I inserted it and twisted. With a click, it sprang opened and then her chastity belt melted away in a shimmer of gold motes. It would return when she willed it. She would never let anyone but me control when her pussy or asshole were used for pleasure.

She's like your pussy slave or something, said the girl as I used my magic to break the gold chain, slip on the key, and reforge the link. You always lock away that twat so only you can get it?

He's the only one worthy of it, Ahlona purred. Slata herself gave me to him.

Truly? The girl sat up. And you're eatin' me out? I'm just some whore.

You are a radiant beauty, said Ahlona. A daughter of Pater and Slata like all humans are. 

The two had created the dual sex races of humans, halflings, dwarves, orcs, goblins, and avians. 

So you are worthy of being eating out by my Stefan if his chooses to share his wonderful skill with you.

So wonderful, Nataly groaned.

Why don't you demonstrate your own skill at it, I said, my hand gripping Ahlona's. I grinned at her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ahlona

A shudder ran through me. My wings flapped as I moved to straddle Nataly's face. The girl licked her lips, her eyes smoldering. She hungered to eat out my pussy. Someone other than my Stefan would do it. Would lap at my horny twat.

What a gift my mage gave me.

If I didn't have my chastity belt, I would be a slave to my cunt. I would be fucking all the time. Slata understood that after she birthed my sisters and me. A new one of us was born after every one of her romps with her husband. She put those belts on us to keep our father from deflowering us but also to give us the freedom to go about our tasks free of sexual distractions.

Yes, we grew horny, but when you couldn't even masturbate, you grew numb to that ache. But now... I had Stefan. I was a lucky angel who could indulge herself. No more watching. Waiting...

And he wanted me to enjoy the delight of a woman's licking mouth.

Mmm, plant that juicy angel twat on my mouth, the wicked girl said.

Yes, do it, grinned Stefan. His cock thrust out hard before him. He lifted Nataly's rump and shoved a pillow beneath it, elevating her cunt. Grind that snatch on her face. Just drown her in your cunt cream.

Drown me!

Gladly, I moaned, my wings spread wide. They twitched as I lowered myself. My heart pounded as I brought my pussy closer and closer to her hungry mouth. Stefan watched, his green eyes locked on my hairless twat.

I planted my aching cunt on the girl's mouth. Her lips felt so soft on my pussy. I felt no stubble of whiskers. It was a different feel from my mage. Feminine and soft. Her nose rubbed into my taint. She sucked on my pussy, drawing out my juices.

My wings fluttered. My breasts jiggled. This wicked heat surged through me. I groaned, arching my back. Stefan grinned. He moved into position to fuck the girl while she sucked on my pussy, her lips sealed around my snatch.

Stefan! I moaned, my hand shooting out to grab his dick. Oh, Stefan, she's doing such delightful things to me.

Good, he said. Then he groaned as I pressed his dick into the girl's juicy, shaved twat. Gods, that feels nice.

Does it? I asked, sliding his cock up and down her pussy lips. The girl moaned into my cunt. Her labia slid around the edge of his cock, wanting to swallow him. Does it give you pleasure, Stefan?

Gods, it does. Gewin's cock, I'm going to fuck into her snatch hard.

Do it! Nataly moaned into my pussy and then she licked me.

That felt delightful. Her tongue stroked across my labia. She didn't quite have the agility of Stefan's trained tongue, but pleasure still flowed through me. I squirmed my hips from side to side, smearing my juicy twat on her hungry mouth.

Stefan thrust his cock into her cunt.

My wings rustled as I watched his shaft vanish into her shaved snatch. Her pink pussy lips engulfed him. He groaned as he buried into her. Then he drew back, his shaft emerging gleaming in her cunt cream. I couldn't look away.

I ground my cunt on Nataly's licking mouth. I enjoyed her hungry licking while her pussy pleasured Stefan's dick. A strange joy at witnessing his pleasure rippled through me. I delighted in the bliss he found in her cunt. I was happy for his rapture even though I didn't give it to him.

Enjoy her, Stefan! I moaned as I wiggled my hips from side to side. Creation's Passion, plunder her pussy and spill your seed in her.

Mmm, yes, purred the girl into my twat.

Her tongue brushed my clit. She stroked from bud to taint and then back down, fluttering her tongue. I groaned as I loved the delight. I threw my arms around Stefan's neck while watching his cock plunder into her pussy.

He fucked hard strokes into her. Frothy cream streaked his dick as he pulled out. The girl moaned more and more into my twat. She whimpered and groaned beneath me. She sucked on my cunt. She sent wonderful pleasure rippling through me. I ground on her, welcoming every moment of her naughty tongue licking me out.

The pleasure swept through my body. My clit burst with sparks every time she licked my bud. I whimpered, my wings flapping. The bed creaked. Stefan grunted. He fucked the girl faster. Harder. His cock buried into her juicy depths.

The girl moaned into my cunt. Gods, yes! Fuck that pussy! Her tongue fluttered through my folds. Mmm, and you, angel, cream my face!

I'm getting there, I moaned, my breasts swaying as I shuddered.

She sucked on my clit. Sparks burst through me. My hips wiggled from side to side, smearing my cuntlips across her mouth. . My bud rubbed on her lips. So soft and hot. Her tongue fluttered out as my orgasm built and built.

Gewin's mighty dick! groaned Stefan. And Slata's hairy cunt!

Cum in her! I moaned, my orgasm building as I ached for him to join me. Flood her, Stefan! Pump her full of all that jizz!

I'm almost there! he growled. He thrust hard. Fast. He buried to the hilt in her. He fucked her with powerful strokes. He pounded her cunt deep and hard.

I loved the sound of his balls smacking into the girl's taint. The bed creaked as he drove into her. My wings flapped. I arched my back, my fingers gripping his neck. My breasts swayed as the pleasure built and built in me.

In all of us.

The girl moaned. My Stefan grunted. I whimpered. 

That naughty tongue darted through my folds. It flicked with a wild intensity. She squealed and whimpered. Then she bucked on the bed. Stefan grunted. His face twisted with passion. He hammered the girl.

Gods, her pussy is sucking at my dick! he moaned while the girl gasped into my twat. Groaned.
 
Cum in her! I purred, my orgasm swelling. The girl's moans against my snatch swelled my orgasm. My divine body quivered. Dump your seed in her!

He slammed hard into her and grunted. He didn't pull back. The girl trembled beneath me. I whimpered and remembered what it felt like when he came in me. The joy of feeling that jizz spurt into my cervix while my pussy spasmed around him.

She felt that same joy.

She squirmed beneath me, moaning and groaning into my cunt. My orgasm swelled in me. Exploded. My wings flapped hard as I bucked. My fiery hair danced around me. My halo glowed brighter, shining a golden light across Stefan's face.

My pussy juices gushed out of me.

The Divine Spark's rapture! I moaned, waves of ecstasy washing out of me.

Yes, yes, drown the little slut! snarled Stefan. He leaned in and kissed me. 

I melted against him. My pussy convulsed, spilling my cream onto the naughty girl's hungry mouth. She licked and lapped at me while I trembled atop her. I ground my cunt against her licking and lapping lips.

The pleasure of her mouth swept over me. A delight that would have me exploding. I groaned and trembled. My hips wiggled from side to side. I smeared my hot cunt over her mouth, her tongue swiping through my folds. The pleasure swept through me. This wonderful bliss that would drown me.
I couldn't wait to experience that bliss. I shuddered through my orgasm. It hit that amazing peak of ecstasy. My breasts bounced and jiggled. My wings flapped hard a final time. Then my pleasure died into panting bliss.

Stefan! I moaned, may I eat her pussy? May I lick her cunt clean of your seed?

Oh, Gods, let your angel do that! panted Nataly into my cunt. She licked at my sensitive pussy folds.

Of course! Stefan snarled and ripped his cock out of her. Do it.

I shuddered and ached for it. Already, his seed leaked out of her. With a powerful flap of my wings, I rose off of her face. The girl gasped in shock, though I had no idea why. I twisted around in the air an settled on the bed kneeling between her thighs.

My wings flared over the bed as I lowered myself to the girl's eager pussy. She gaped open now from Stefan's cock. His cum leaked out of her, this pearly flood I had to lap up. I bent down low, aware of Stefan behind me as I leaned in to eat my first pussy.

A pussy full of his cum.

I nuzzled my mouth into her twat and licked. I fluttered my tongue up and down her folds. She had a spicy and exciting flavor enhanced by the salt of his jizz. An incredible flavor that I reveled in. My tongue licked up and down her labia. The heat swayed through me. I wiggled my hips back and forth as my excitement mounted.

Ooh, angel, you're naughty! she moaned. Just lapping up all that spunk.

It's his spunk, I moaned, my wings twitching. I hope you can understand that!

She giggled. I get it. He's your master or something.

He's my champion! My hero! I licked up her pussy lips, gathering up more of the jizz leaking out. That wonderful flavor of my Stefan's cum mixed with her spicy juices sent a hot shudder through me. My owner.

Lucky you, Nataly groaned. I'd be his little whore if he paid me.

Sorry, Stefan said. He pressed his cock into my butt-cheeks wet with her pussy juices. A wicked thrill ran through me. Did he mean to slide that into my asshole? We're going into danger. We have a perilous mission ahead of us.

Of course you do! gasped Nataly. Gods, you're on a quest with an angel! That must be important! Like a Knight Deute or something!

Or something, he said and pressed his pussy-soaked cock between the cheeks of my ass.

This wonderful thrill ran through me. He was going for it. I shuddered as his dick slid lower and lower. Then he nuzzled it into my backdoor. He rubbed against my asshole. I groaned, loving the feel of him against me. I wiggled my hips from side to side, loving having him in me. This wicked thrill ran through me.

Then he pressed against my sphincter. I thrust my tongue deep into the girl's twat as my anal ring surrendered to my mage. The thrill of his cock sliding into my bowels joined the delight of feasting on his cum from her bowels. I trembled, my hips wiggling back and forth as I savored this wonderful pleasure.

Stefan! I moaned into her twat as he sank deeper and deeper into my bowels. He penetrated me, his cock reaching into my depths. I groaned, squeezing down around him. This amazing heat swept through me. 

I gaped and shuddered at the feel of his dick penetrating me. I wiggled my hips from side to side, stirring him around in my ass. I gripped him and loved him. This delicious pleasure surged through me. I groaned, squeezing my asshole around him.

He slipped deeper and deeper into my bowels. He filled me. Drove me wild. I groaned, the heat sweeping through my body. I stirred him around inside of me. I reveled in him stretching and stretching me out.

It was wonderful.

A delicious treat. 

I groaned, my bowels clenching and relaxing about him. The heat swept through me. My wings flapped as he pumped away at my bowels. Stefan drilled his cock deep into my asshole. I moaned into Nataly's cunt.

Slata's tight ass and Biaute's gorgeous rump! he growled as he plowed away at me.

Mmm, she's so enthusiastic, groaned Nataly. She's licking and lapping and just feasting on me!

She's a passionate angel! Stefan groaned. His hand slid up my back to my wings. He stroked across my feathers.

I shuddered at his touch. I reveled in him sliding over my body. My breasts jiggled and swayed. I bucked back into his thrusts. His flesh smacked into my rump as he hammered me. I moaned into Nataly's twat, loving her hot flesh rubbing on my mouth.

I thrust my tongue deep into her twat searching for that salty seed. I swirled around in her pussy while the girl shuddered. She squeezed her tits around my face. She held me tight, her moans singing around through the air. She shuddered, grinding on me. 

She liked it. Loved it. 

I groaned as Stefan hammered me hard. Fast. He drilled into me. He buried his cock into my bowels again and again. My hands clawed at the bed. My tongue swirled around in her cunt, licking out the last of his salty seed. 

My hips rotated from side to side, stirring his cock around inside of my anal sheath. I reveled in that wonderful shaft reaming me. He buried over and over into my asshole. He slammed into me. His crotch smacked my rump. My wings fluttered. I whimpered.

It was incredible.

Creation's passion! I moaned, squeezing my bowels around his dick. This wonderful heat swelled through me. Yes, yes!

Gods, I'm going to cum again! Nataly moaned. Oh, yes, yes, sodomize your little angel slut!

My angel lover! he growled and slammed his dick into my bowels. You're the slut here.

I am! the girl moaned. The biggest slut! I love being a whore! Oh, fuck, yes!

She gushed juices. They squirted out of her pussy and bathed my mouth. I licked them up as Stefan drilled my asshole. Heat melted down to my twat. My cream dribbled down my thighs as I feasted on spicy delight. Nataly drowned me.

I reveled in it.

Pater's big dick and Gewin's mighty cock! the girl howled as she thrashed, her small breasts jiggling.

Stefan pumped his cock hard and fast into my asshole. I licked up the girl's juices as the heat built and built in me. My wings twitched beneath his stroking hands. He caressed over my flight feathers, sending a tingling down to my pussy.

I whimpered and groaned. I clamped my asshole around his girth. I held him tight as he buried hard and fast into my asshole. The pleasure built and built. This wild heat that would sweep through my body. 

Ahlona! he groaned.

Stefan! I whimpered, rubbing my face into Nataly's cumming twat. 

My hero buried his cock deep into my bowels and erupted. His cum flooded hot and fast into my anal sheath. He pumped me full of his seed. The wild heat rippled through me. My cunt clenched. Spasmed.

My orgasm flooded through me.

The Divine Spark's rapture! I moaned as my bowels convulsed around his cock.

Gusts of ecstatic winds howled through my body. They swept up my mind, carrying me into the astral realms of bliss. I moaned into the girl's pussy while my asshole writhed around Stefan's erupting cock. His jizz flooded me.

He fired so much into me. This wonderful bliss that showered my bowels in his cum. This amazing delight that had me trembling and groaning. The passion washed out of me. My asshole writhed and spasmed. His cum fired into me.

Gewin's cock! he grunted as he fired the last of his seed. My Ahlona. My sweet angel.

My hero! I whimpered. My champion!

Oh, Gods, you two are just so sexy! moaned Nataly. You're on a quest! That's so hot! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan

Later, Ahlona and I had managed to wear Nataly out. The whore lay on her belly, cum drying on her back. I wanted to join her, to fall into sleep. Ahlona cuddled up on my other side, her breasts rubbing against me, her diamond-bright eyes smoldering.

You are going to make things interesting, aren't you? I asked.

She winked at him.

I laughed and wondered if I was falling in love with her. She was mine. A gift sent to help me by the Goddess Slata. I slid my hand down her rump and gave her a squeeze as sleep pulled on me. Tomorrow would be another long day of riding. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina  Free City of Raratha

Pain throbbed across my back and shoulders with my every heartbeat.

That damned Harpy and the steel talons she wore. She had torn me bad. My toga clung to my body, plastered in places by my blue blood. I clung to Barg, leaning on his naked form as we stumbled through the sewers of Raratha.

I hope Illth curses her cunt with every rotten, foul disease! I snarled. I hope that hermaphroditic goddess slams her putrid cock into her snatch and floods her with rotten girl-cum!

Lady Alloria? asked Barg.

Yes! I hissed, the pain pulsing with the rhythmic beat of my heart. My nervous system was almost overwhelmed. Twitches spasmed through me. The nasty ones. The ones priests can't cure no matter how many elixirs of their cum she drinks or how much priestess-blessed pussy cream she guzzles! She sicked that bastard on us!

Barg grunted.

Gods damned Kurg Widowmaker! I hissed. And that bugbear pet. She's going to spend a fortune on bribes! More than this damned jewelry is worth.

Jewelry you risked your life to retrieve, said Barg.

I scowled at him. Don't quote my mother's fifth rule at me. I didn't go back for the necklace. I wanted my notes.

It is the height of madness to even try. Cernere built the Black Vault to be impenetrable.

Not like her shadowy cunt, I muttered. The Goddess of Crime, Cernere, had not watched over me tonight. She was the patrons of thieves and swindlers. The daughter born with Lagu Goddess of Laws, when she seduced from her marriage vows by the Pater. Cernere was a manifestation of broken rules.

She made it to be robbed, I muttered. That's how all of the ones she built work. The Vault here, the Labyrinth beneath Grahata, and the Black Vault. She wants one of us to do it.

Your mother couldn't do

Just because I look like her doesn't mean I am her! I hissed. 

I am aware of that, Barg said, his tone hurt. I have served you both. Your temperament is as different as night and day.

What does that mean? I demanded.

That you are misdirecting your anger upon me when it should be focused on others, he said. I'll forgive it since you have a great deal weighing upon you at the moment.

Like bleeding to death? I muttered. How magnanimous of you.

I try to make excuses for the various burdens that life places on all of us.

Sanctimonious cur, I growled.

Cur? He shifted. I am at least a mutt. What have I done to be compared to some mangy, flea-bitten dog stumbling through back alleys for scraps?

We are trooping through a sewer.

A minor inconvenience, he said. And we're almost there. Yes, yes, next turn.

We rounded a corner. I could hardly see anything in the near black, but he moved with skill. His senses were greater than a human. Even in this form, he retained some of the sharper vision and greater smell his other form afforded him. The only light in here filtered down through gutter drains, and that wasn't much.

He stopped and said, This is it. He pounded on a wall. Instead of a dull thud, a hollow sound rang. We are here to speak with Fox!

I shuddered. Fox was the last person I wanted to speak with. The halfling crime boss had been expanding his influence through Raratha's underbelly for the last six months. Ever since the nixie Spray died. The first thing Fox did was claim her harem of halfling thieves, a group of females who were all more than willing to fawn over a dick, whether male or hermaphrodite, whose owner gave them shelter.

With them, he did something Spray refused: he went to war with the other gangs. Swiftly. They either fell in line or retreated. He controlled the docks. Two thirds of the market squares brimmed with thieves and pickpockets who paid him. Seedier establishments gave him a cut of gambling games and many a whores paid their tax to him to walk the streets.

Come on, Barg grunted. We need to speak with Fox.

The wall cracked open. Light flooded out, the flickering flame of a lamp burning sweetened with olive oil. The fortunes of Raratha came from that substance. They lit half the world, or so the merchants liked to boast. And they had the expensive palaces to back up their claims.

Barg and Illina? asked Owl. The halfling was my fence. Normally, we met in a market square. Pater's cock, what happened?

We need sanctuary, assistance, and passage out of Raratha, Barg said in his jovial tone. I hope your master can accommodate us. We are rather pressed.

I can see that, said Owl. She stood only to my stomach, looking like a small child until you noticed the curves of her naked, bronze body. Come on! Come in! Are you being tracked.

Damned bugbear can't fit in the sewers, I muttered as Barg carried me in.

Bugbear? Owl asked. Then she groaned. Cernere's black cunt and Las's putrid cum.

Indeed, that sums up our predicament, said Barg.

Owl heaved the fake wall shut behind them then darted forward into the open room beyond. Incense burned in braziers, the smoke curling along the ceiling and out a vent. Oil lamps sat in sconces along the wall, adding flickering flame of light. In the center a writhing mass of halfling women surrounded Fox. 

They were clearly in the middle of their nightly passion.

Fox was reclined back into the large breasts of Giggles. She was the most dangerous of his women, a killer who could gut you and chortle in delight the entire time. The male halfling had pleasure crossing his scared face. Metallic-blue hair fell in a rakish delight. His large cockhalfling males might be short but they could rival Halanian men in prowessthrust up into Kitty's mouth. She bobbed her head up and down while Flit sucked on his balls. Quick and Mouse pressed into his side, nuzzling and kissing at his face, their hands roaming his muscular torso.

Well, well, well, Fox said, delight in his eyes. Illina and Barg. What happened to you?

Just need aid, protection, and passage out of town, I panted. More blood slicked my back. The rhythm of my heart slowed. How much blood could I lose?

Expensive, he said. What do you have to pay for it?

I had the jewelry I stole from Lady Covitha this night. I pulled out the large diamond on its gold chain, a ruby and gold belly chain, a ring with a yellow sapphire, two more with large emeralds, and the bracelet with more of the green gemstones. 

I held back Lady Alloria Korvan's necklace out of spite. I would keep it for the rest of my life in defiance of that bitch.

Owl took them and began looking them over with her expert eye. Then she darted to the orgy. Kitty kept sucking on his cock, bobbing her head up and down while he relaxed amid his women. He had fingers thrusting into Mouse's and Quick's pussy, pleasing them. He smiled after Owl finished whispering her appraisal.

That'll buy you healing and a night for the both of you here, he said. 

That's robbery! she snarled and lurched from Barg, fighting the pain and exhaustion, the trembling in her limbs. I'm not going to let you gouge me, Fox!

Mouse and Flit rolled from his side and threw aside pillows to grab crossbows. They came up in smooth crouches aimed at us. The cold tingle electrified my nervous system. They were cocked and loaded, the quarrels tips angular and gleaming in the flickering oil lamps.

The door is behind you, Fox said. Owl, return her belongings. I wouldn't want to be accused of being a thief. His smile spread.

You Las-cursed bastard! I hissed, swaying. I wouldn't last much longer. That's enough to get us out of Raratha.

Not with Kurg involved, Fox said.

He already knew? My face tightened. Kurg Widowmaker wouldn't let me slip from the city without tearing it apart brick by brick. He didn't like to let a woman make a fool of him. He might have killed more men than women, but he took pleasure in harming females. I wouldn't need Fox's help to get out of the city otherwise. Not if I couldn't leave right away. If I wasn't hurt.

Fine, I muttered, the room growing dark on the edge. I needed healing. Healing and a night's protection.

Illina? asked Barg, sounding concerned.

What did you say? Fox asked, sitting up and staring at me like I'd spouted gibberish.

I said I agree, I said. Or tried to. My tongue felt so weak. The room spun. I lurched to the side. Barg caught me. The darkness on the edge pressed of my vision pressed in on me. I couldn't breathe. Think. Everything lurched around me.

I have you, Barg whispered from far away. I thought he was right beside me. I felt his hands on me, and yet...

I sank into the black. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Barg

We agree, I growled, fear rippling through me. I held Illina's trembling body. Blue blood soaked her back. It dripped out of her.

Go, said Fox, still receiving his blowjob. 

Mouse and Quick put down the crossbows and rushed over to me. I held the slumped Illina. They motioned to me and then darted towards another door. I grunted and then, not sure what else to do, slung Illina over my shoulder. With her back torn and ripped, I feared carrying her in my arms. I adjusted her limp form and rushed after the halflings.

They took me down a short hallway. Several iron doors with heavy locks flanked us and then several normal ones. They didn't stop at any of them. Instead, they paused at a blank section of wall. Mouse pushed her back into it and the wall pivoted in the middle, the bricks parting at their mortar joints. A small cot lay inside along with an unlit oil lamp.

A pair of manacles and chains were bolted to the wall. 

I set Illina on her belly with care. She whimpered. Her lips struggled to move. Her eyes were squeezed shut. I crouched down beside her, taking her hand. I stroked my black thumb across her pale features. 

Owl darted in and held a glass vial. She knelt down and said, A potion of healing from a priestess of Slata.

I nodded a she rolled Illina on her side and turned her head so she could pour it in my charge's mouth. My lover drank it. Illina's mother had put Illina's protection into my hands. I had tried for the last ten years, watching her grow up into a skilled thief, but she had a reckless streak that would make her mother seem cautious.

The blessed breast milk poured into Illina's mouth. Owl then clamped her hand over Illina's mouth and pinched her nose, forcing Illina to swallow reflexively. Illina's twitching stopped. It was hard to tell, but her rents seemed to mend.

It might take a few more, Owl said, but she's out of immediate harm.

As agreed, said Fox.

I turned to find him standing in the doorway, a loincloth wrapped around his waist. He must have finished cumming down Kitty's mouth. He studied Illina. Then his eyes flicked to me. What is she? I always thought she was Tuathan, but no humans have blue-blood.

Something rare, I answered.

You're rare, Barguest, Fox said. I've never heard of a being with blue blood before her.

She's descended from a creation of Krab. One of his finest. I kissed Illina's hand. Las enjoyed the creation and created Illina's race. From mother to daughter, they are all perverted copies of that original the God had first constructed.

She's a clockwork? asked Fox. He moved in. She has gears inside of her instead of organs.

Basically, he said. Las's seed caused the clockwork to have half-living daughters. Their flesh isn't like ours. Her skin doesn't look right without her alchemical treatment. She has muscles, but they're made of a type of metal that flexes like ours. She has a pump for a heart, various organs inside of her that can break down food into the components her body needs.

Incredible, Fox said, greed in his voice. So she looks just like her mother. They're all... copies, yes.

I nodded. The original clockwork had seven daughters, each one looking different. Their daughters, however, all are exact copies.

Well, in the morning, Fox continued, when she's recovered, we can discuss how you're paying for passage out of town.

Barg groaned inwardly. Illina would not be happy. No one benefited from being in Fox's debt but the halfling. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan

You decided to show your face? I snarled when Kurg entered my sitting room. I just spent the last hour bribing city guards over your antics. You unleashed a bugbear! Are you insane? You demolished a building. The owner is badly injured. He'll be taking my husband to court over his loss of property.

Kurg shrugged.

And where is my necklace? I demanded. I see you don't have that slut, but you better have that necklace.

She's got it, he said. We wounded her bad. She scurried off to some rat hole to recover. Give us time to run her down. You have to seal the city off.

I can't do that, she muttered. Do I look like the doge or his current favorite?

The dwarf shrugged again. Put sniffers in the ports and all the gates. You can afford that. We keep her penned in the city and beat the streets to force her to scurry out of her hiding place.

Do you know what that will cost?

His face turned evil. Not like you're paying for it, are you? Your husband is. Don't pretend you care about wasting his money, woman! He took a step towards me. You're just a leach sucking on his cock for sustenance, so don't pretend you're any more than a whore just because your husband can afford to fuck you with a golden dick.

My cheeks blazed. I am Lady Al

You're a pretty face who captured a rich man's attention at the right time! He spat. That's all you women are. Things. You should remember that.

I can hire others to go after this thief, I said. After your failure tonight, I don't see why

I'll just kill whoever you hire, he growled. You gave me this job. I don't quit. You'll get that thief and your necklace back. Try and fire me, and I'll remind you where your place is.

Cold spilled over me. Terror squeezed at my chest You wouldn't.

He burst into ugly laughter and turned around. His armor clanged as he marched off. I pressed hands to my chest, my heart screaming a mile a minute. He wouldn't do that. Not to me. I paid him. He wouldn't get his money if he... if he...

My husband would...

Fear rippled through me. Then it turned into a vile rage. I screeched in fury. That damned cunt had to steal that necklace. I flew to my mirror to stare at my face. To make sure I hadn't started aging yet. I needed my pretty face. Why should I do any of the work when men were more than willing to do it for me

I craned my head, turning from side to side, examining myself. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica  Zemi, Ompo Sea, The Kingdom of Valya

A burst of excitement rippled through me as we moved through the Valyan Town. We were heading towards Raratha to hire a thief to help us avenge that terrible monster who butchered my temple. Who killed my husband-to-be and his wonderful wives.

A good man. I could have come to love him and his wives. It was all stolen from me.

Luckily, I had my paladin to protect me. My personal knight who'd ridden in to save me. I couldn't help but smiling at Sir Bryce as we rode through the town. This excited ripple shot through me. This giddy rush of new love.

How could I not find myself falling in love with the older man. Strong. Powerful. Willing to fight to protect me. In our travel over the Kelit mountains and across the farmlands of Northern Valya, I felt closer and closer to him. He taught me to use the power being pregnant with Pater's child gave me. The protection I was given me as a leywife. 

I wouldn't have to be afraid next time. I could defend myself. And if I was overwhelmed, my paladin would come to my rescue.

Sir Bryce would let no harm come to me.

The Valyans had that curious blue tinge to their skin that marked them so different from the pale-beige of my Secaran heritage. And like Sir Bryce. 

Though Bryce now served Lagu as a paladin, he was once a Knight Deute, the order of men and women who protected Secare from monsters and other wicked things that haunted the wilderness.

He was a man who would save the world.

The road through the city we traveled on sloped down ahead. The Ompo Sea glittered below, the docks brimming with ships that sailed the inland sea. We had to cross it to continue on to Raratha. In a week or so, we'd arrive at the Free City.

But I was more eager for the inn. It would be our first time sharing a bed. Not blankets before the campfire growing tangled about our bodies as we made love, but a proper bed. This giddy exhilaration swept through me.

It felt like my wedding night.

I smiled at Sir Bryce as we rode down the slope. I was definitely falling in love with him. He would make such a wonderful father for the demigod growing inside of me. I couldn't help but quiver on my saddle.

He glanced at me. My lady?

Nothing, I said, blushing. It was too early to talk about the fantasy dancing through my head. I didn't want to scare him off. Not until I knew I had his heart. Just... I'm eager for the bed. For you.

He smiled and I fought a girlish squeal. I shouldn't be this happy, not after all that happened, but it was such a joy to be around my savior. My paladin.

My knight and lover. Together, we were going to save the world. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  The Temple of Lily's Blossom, The Kingdom of Secare

The sun sank before us as we broached the hilltop. Below lay the temple. It looked desultory. The western wing had scorch marks reaching from the windows. Part of the roof had collapsed into rubble. A chill swept through me.

I could feel that death had visited the remote holy place. I swallowed and glanced at Ahlona.

You can do this, she said, reaching out to take my hand.

I sighed. I had to ready myself to perform the hardest feat of magic. Necromancy. It was beyond my skill, but if I couldn't find the right ghost to lead us to the bastard who did this, to the man who wanted to kill my divine father, our quest would fail here and now.

The world would be doomed.

I took a breath against the pressure on me and heeled my horse down the slope.

To be continued...