Big Dick for the Wife 
by Cole Knight (chknight4@gmail.com)

This story is from her point of view while my wife takes the biggest cock she has ever had. (MF, Wife)

`His cock feels so good,' I thought to myself. I was on my hands and knees atop the hotel bed, my lover behind me, feeding his hard dick into my wet awaiting pussy. Slowly he pushed it into me, filling my hole, stretching me wider than I am used to. `His cock is so big," I thought. Still not all the way in, I wondered how much of him I could actually take. He is so much thicker than my husband and at nearly 10 inches, he was nearly 4 inches longer too.

Right now I am so thankful that he ate me out for as long as he did, between my juices, his spit and me being so worked up, it is the only way this was going to happen. I can now feel his hips against my ass. `He must be all the way in,' I deduce as he stops. I let out a moan as he flexes the muscles of his dick, making it swell inside of me. He then begins to pull himself out of me. I can feel every centimeter rubbing against my walls as he exits until finally he is out completely. I fell the void without him inside of me, but that does not last long. He begins again putting his massive dick in me.

Inside all the way he pulls back again, this time not exiting, but almost. He pushes back into me and retreats again. He is beginning to build up some momentum, but he knows that I am not ready. He is slow, steady and caring for me. He knows the damage that he could do with that monster of his. 

I am starting to get comfortable now and it is feeling pretty damn good. I move with his movements, rocking forward when he pulls out; then rocking back, pushing myself to him as he enters me. `Oh my god this feels so fucking good,' I think as my eyes roll into the back of my head. Together we begin to pick up the pace, I am beginning to lose my breath as he now begins to fuck me.

Panting, I wonder was that six orgasms or nine, I think I have lost count. Faster he fucks me, his huge cock sliding in and out of my soaking wet tunnel of love, my wetness engulfing him. I buck harder now, slamming into him as he pushes into me, he takes the notice and starts to really fuck me now, hard. I wonder how he is not hitting my cervix he is so deep into me. Then again, maybe I am so wet and horney right now he is entering past it right into my womb. The thought of that brings me to another orgasm. `I am not sure how much of this I can take,' I ponder. My arms and legs both are getting week from my muscle contractions.

Faster now he pounds into me, harder his thighs slap against my ass, his balls landing directly on my clit when he slams forward. 

I exclaim, "Oh my god you feel so good. Oh my god please fuck me harder, fuck me god dammit, fuck me harder. Ram that big cock into me, fuck my pussy!" And he does, so hard it knocks my week arms out from under me my chest falls to the bed, my bare tits hit the rough motel room cover and my nipples rub over the fabric. Another orgasm erupts through my body.

I can hear him start to moan and his rhythm begins to get erratic. His thrusts now are much shorter and much deeper into me, which I did not believe possible. Finally I can feel his already huge cock getting even huger, he is swelling inside of me... he releases. "Oh god, ugh ugh," he shouts as he pushes his now cum erupting monster of a dick into my womb. He throbs, grunts and shoots another jet of cum in me. And then another, and another, and more after that... I lose count.

He slows to a stop. After a moment he begins to pull his cock from my now cum filled and soon to be gaping pussy. Once out I fall face down onto the bed, collapsed and unable to even move. He kissed me on my ass cheek and thanks me before gathering his clothes and leaving the room. I cannot catch my breath enough to tell him how wonderful the fucking he just gave me was.

My husband, who had been sitting in the corner watching the whole time heads to the tub and draws me a bath. After I catch my breath I roll over, my legs spread pussy just gushing, over filled with cum. He walks up to inspect me. "Wow," he said, "that was incredible."

"You're telling me," I reply. 

Finally able to move, he helps me to my feet and we embrace each other. He walks me to the tub and helps me inside, where I soak in the hot water. With my eyes closed, I soon fall asleep dreaming of that cock.
 
