Beach Bunny Leigh
by TopherLovesLeig

Leigh expands her exhibitionist envelope.

Over the years I wrote stories about our experiences that she and I shared privately; however, it was always my desire to share them with the world. These stories span our life together, from her first exhibitionist experience, through her cancer diagnosis and her unfortunate death.

Leigh and I met during our freshman year Texas A&M University (Fall of 1981). We began to date and quickly fell in love. Initially, our sex life was torrid, but by the time we were juniors, we were like an old married couple.

We began to experiment with fantasy and role-playing, but by accident, we discovered that what really turned us on was exhibitionism (See "The Hike" for Leigh's first exhibitionist experience). This grew into practices of Leigh flashing in public, as well as sex in front of others. Our relationship developed in such a way that Leigh and I engaged in swapping and frequently having sex with multiple partners.

This true story describes a moment in time (Summer 1984 when Leigh was 21) and is about the further evolution Leigh's and my sex life. The descriptions of the people in the story are accurate for the time however, their names may have been changed to protect the innocent. Understand that like all works "Based on a True Story", there may be some artistic license taken.

*****

Leigh and I had decided to spend the summer in Florida. My parents were on a three-month world cruise, and we would have their house in Palm Beach all to ourselves. We had no specific plans to do anything over the summer. We just wanted to enjoy the beach and the local night clubs while spending time together. It was with this in mind, that we headed to the beach one Wednesday morning.

We chose to go to Juno Beach. Juno Beach was a small rustic beach on the northern end of the county and was primarily visited by locals. Since it was a weekday, we figured we would have the beach mostly to ourselves, however, upon arriving, we were surprised to see that the little parking lot was full. I did what I had previously done when I had encountered a full parking lot, I just pulled a little north of the lot and parked on the grass along the side the road.

I put the top up on my Mustang convertible and got out of the car. I watched as Leigh stepped out of the car, stood and stretched her tall, long-legged frame. I admired the sculpted muscularity of her body resulting from hours of swimming, running, and lifting weights. Her coal black hair was pulled back into a ponytail and her face had a freshly scrubbed but natural look. Leigh looked over the car and flashed me one of her beautiful smiles.

The day before Leigh had purchased a bathing suit that she said was a surprise for me. Though I couldn't make out what her new suit looked like, the skimpy attire she wore to cover up the suit gave me glimpses of what was hidden underneath. Over the top of her swimsuit, Leigh wore what I can only guess was an old "Frank's Dive Shop" T-shirt. The reason I had to guess is because she had cut the bottom off the T-shirt so that only the red printed "Frank's" and the top third of the red "Diver Down" flag remained. The rest of the white T-shirt, from just above the bottom swell of her breast had been removed.

On the bottom she wore a pair of blue tie-dyed wrap shorts. Wrap shorts were one of those god-awful fashion mistakes of the 80s. It was a single piece of fabric sort of in the shape of an hourglass with strings hanging off each side of the material. Somehow women were able to manipulate this piece of cloth so that it formed a pair of shorts. It appeared to be magic to my man brain.

It was the uncovered expanse between the bottom of Leigh's T-shirt and the top of her wrap shorts that I got a hint of the sexy nature of her swimsuit. As she turned toward me, I could make out the plunging "V" of the neckline of her bathing suit that ended just below her belly button. I could only imagine the cleavage that would be on display once she removed her T-shirt.

I grabbed our beach bag and a small cooler from the trunk and followed Leigh as she weaved her way through the sea grape bushes making her way to the beach just beyond the dunes. I was too busy watching her beautiful ass wiggle as she gingerly made her way to the beach to notice the newly erected signs stating:

No Parking.
Violators will be Towed

at Owner's Expense

*****

After we broke through the dunes and onto the beach, we turned north and walked away from most of the beach goers to get some privacy. I chose a spot just past a middle-aged couple to set up. The blonde-haired woman was plain but not unattractive and her modest bikini revealed a decent body. The man was extremely heavy, and his large belly fell over his waist band and made his tiny blue Speedo disappear. As we walked by, I heard the couple quietly speaking German. It was unusual seeing tourists on this beach, let alone European tourists.

About 10 feet past the couple, I spread out our towels, placing Leigh's between me and the overweight German man. Leigh, set her beach bag down and stripped off her shirt. The top of her one-piece bathing suit was everything I could have wanted. The halter top came from behind her neck and stretched down to her waist in the plunging "V" I had noticed when she got out of the car. The black Lycra material was no more than 2 inches wide where it crossed her natural C-cup (closer to D) breasts barely concealing her areolas. Despite revealing the inner and outer sides of her spherical tits, the halter top seemed to keep breasts in place. With her back to the ocean, Leigh grabbed the ties of her wrap shorts and pulled off the tie-dyed material. The bottom of her suit was as skimpy as the top. The bottom was cut high at the hip revealing the subtle points of her pelvis. The crotch was less than one and a half inches wide and barely covered her labia. Before taking a seat on her towel, Leigh turned around giving me a view of her beautiful behind. The back of her suit consisted of a narrow thong that ended in a "T" at her small waist. Leigh's two well defined ass cheeks were separated and accented by the strip of bathing suit that disappeared into her crack. I took in the beautiful sight and Leigh looked over her shoulder giving me a seductive smile. As Leigh sat on her towel, I reached for her, and she dodged my grasp as she giggled.

"Later Tiger!" she chided.

Leigh reached back and grabbed her bottle of sunscreen. She squirted a liberal amount on her long muscular legs and preceded to rub the lotion into her flawless skin. She continued applying sunscreen to her arms and chest, slowly rubbing the cream into her cleavage and the exposed sides of her boobs. Once she had completed spreading the sunscreen on her front, she tossed the bottle to me and rolled over.

"Do my back." She commanded.

I began at leigh's shoulders and slowly worked my way down her body. I finally reached her ass and began moving over it freely. I dipped my fingers into the crack of Leigh's ass and she audibly gasped as I pressed against her asshole. I dipped deeper between her legs and gently stroked her slit through the Lycra of her swimsuit. I could feel Leigh squirming under my touch, and not wanting to get her too excited yet, I moved onto the back of her legs. Once I reached her toes, I tossed the bottle of sunscreen into Leigh's beach bag and laid back to enjoy the sun. Leigh followed suit and rolled over onto her back.

Leigh's antics had not only captivated me but also drew the attention of the German man who was laying not far away. He was trying to subtly watch Leigh, but the more he tried to hide his actions the more obvious it was that he was staring. I thought if this man wanted a show, I was going to make sure Leigh gave him a show.

I leaned into Leigh and whispered, "Pull your left tit out."

Leigh nodded her head yes, reached up and slid her halter to the side and bared her left breast. I could see the German man staring at Leigh and made no attempts to hide his interest in Leigh's display.

"Play with your nipple." I commanded and Leigh began to pinch and pull on her nipple.

Leigh's eyes were hidden behind her sunglasses but I'm sure they were closed as she relished in her self-pleasuring. "Show me your other boob." I ordered and she quickly revealed her right breast. Before I could give her another command she began to play with her right nipple.

The German man was enthralled by Leigh's exhibitionism and rolled on his side so that his companions view was blocked. He then reached down and adjusted his hardening dick.

It was time to take it up a notch, "I want you to finger your pussy."

There was a hitch in Leigh's breath as she complied with my command. She slid the crotch of her bathing suit to the side and penetrated her sopping wet vagina with her index finger. Without prompting Leigh began to roughly finger fuck her pussy while biting her bottom lip. Leigh was rapidly bringing herself to orgasm.

"He's jerking off." I whispered in Leigh's ear, as she turned her head toward her enthusiastic voyeur who had his hand wrapped around his sizable cock. She delved deeper into the moistness of her pussy and began gently rubbing her clit. Leigh immersed herself in the pleasure generated by her movements. She spread her legs further apart and dug her heels into the sand to give her better access to her vagina.

"Ohhhhhhhhh yesssssssssss!" Leigh moaned.

Her legs began to quiver as the attention she was paying to her clit drove her to an orgasm. The finger on Leigh's right hand was rapidly moving in and out of her cunt while she rubbed her clit with her left. Leigh gritted her teeth and her body shuttered with an orgasm. Moments later the German man dumped his sperm onto the sand in front of him.

As her orgasm subsided, Leigh relaxed and dropped her hands to her side and the German man's companion placed her hand on his shoulder and said something in German. The man stuffed his cock back into his Speedo and rolled over to face her and they continued a heated conversation in German.

*****

As Leigh's orgasmic after glow subsided, we decided to go for a swim. Leigh stood up and straightened her bathing suit. She made sure her breasts were fully contained by the halter top, and she adjusted the crotch of her suit so that her pussy was once again covered. Leigh and I walked hand in hand to the edge of the water and into the gentle surf. When the water got to my waist, I swept Leigh up into my arms and carried her until the water was slapping at my chest. I spun in circles just to feel the water flow over our bodies. I bent to kiss Leigh, just lightly brushing her lips with mine.

Leigh reached behind her head and untied the halter top of her bathing suit, letting it drop to her waist. Leigh's bare breasts glistened in the sun, and I began to kiss her neck. Sliding up Leigh's neck, I reach her ear and ever-so-slightly nibbled on her ear lobe. Leigh quivered with anticipation as I continued to kiss her neck, moving lower each time I gently pressed my lips to her skin.

Settling in the subtle valley between her breasts, I moved my attention to the swell of her breast, licking my way, in a circular motion from Leigh's cleavage to the nipple at the apex of her breast. The saltwater beading on Leigh's skin, tantalized my taste buds and enhanced the flavor of Leigh's warm flesh.

I firmly sucked Leigh's nipple, feeling it grow in my mouth. Leigh's areolas are very small (about the size of a nickel), however her nipples are long and will stick out almost a half an inch when she is fully aroused. Once her nipple was fully erect, I playfully licked it with my tongue and gently pulled it with my teeth, eliciting a low moan from her. I lavished similar attention to Leigh's other breast (we wouldn't want it to get jealous) before continuing to move further down her body.

I lifted Leigh in the buoyant water allowing her body to gently float on the surface. I slowly kissed the flesh of her flat muscular stomach, covered with goose bumps from the coolness of the water and her excitement. As I moved down Leigh's body toward my ultimate goal, I tenderly peeled back her bathing suit, revealing more flesh to be softly kissed and licked. I finally slid Leigh's bathing suit down her long muscular legs and released it into the waves.

As Leigh floated on the surface, her big tits bobbing above the water, I placed my head between her legs and gently kissed, nibbled, and licked her inner thigh just above knee. I switch between Leigh's left and right thigh, slowly moving up her legs towards the pleasure center at their apex. Upon reaching her vagina, I tenderly probed Leigh's pussy with my tongue, tasting her sweet juices. I felt Leigh's body tense with pleasure as I continued to tenderly lick the folds of flesh between her legs. I smiled as my nose was tickled by a tuft of her pubic hair as I push my tongue deeper into Leigh's slit. Leigh's moans increased as she approached a climax as I intently licked her clit. At that moment an orgasm struck, and Leigh locked her legs around my neck as waves of pleasure swept over her body.

After the pleasure subsided, Leigh quickly turned to face me. Encircling my waist with her legs, she grasped my head in her hands and kissed me deeply. Our tongues entwined and I sucked in her breath as if it is the elixir of life. The tempo of Leigh's kisses continued as our passion once again built.

Leigh hooked her toes in the waist band of my swim trunks and by extending her legs, she slid them down my legs to my ankles. Entwining her legs around my waist, Leigh slowly lowered herself onto my erect cock. With my feet firmly planted in the sand and my legs holding us upright, we moved in unison with the gentle motion of the surf. Leigh and I were lost in each other's eyes as we continued to bring pleasure to each other with our subtle movements.

Simultaneously we were overcome with lust and burst into a flurry of motion driving us to orgasm. Together we reach climax as our bodies are overcome with pleasure. I blasted cum deep into her pussy as she reached another orgasm. Sated, for the moment, we supported each other as the waves continued to beat against us.

Once Leigh had recovered from her orgasm, she looked around for her bathing suit.

"Where's my bathing suit?" she asked.

"I don't know." I responded as I looked around.

Leigh frantically looked around for her suit and quickly realized that it wouldn't be found.

Looking down the beach, Leigh saw kids splashing in the water's edge not more 100 ft away. "What am I going to do?" she asked. "This is more exposure than I'm comfortable with."

"Let's move as close to the shore as we can and while you remain covered by the water, I'll get out and get a towel. When I come back with the towel, you can run to me, and I'll cover you with the towel." I suggested.

"Okay." Leigh said as we slowly moved to the shore.

When we got within about ten feet of the shore Leigh stopped and said, "I don't think I can get any closer."

"I'll go get a towel then." I responded.

I left Leigh squatting in the water, with her arms crisscrossed across her chest to hide her bare breasts and ran back to where our towels were laid out. When I got to our spot, I saw that the German couple had left, and now there were a group of 5 teenage boys in their place. I grabbed Leigh's towel, shaking off the sand as I ran back to where Leigh squatted in the surf. As I approached Leigh, I noticed that she was nervously speaking to an older man. She looked at me, seemingly relieved that I was bringing her a towel to cover her nakedness.

Stopping short of the surf, with a sly smile, I said, "Hey, Honey come to me so I can wrap you in the towel I brought."

"Can't you come closer?" she asked.

"I don't want to get the towel wet." I responded with a snicker.

Leigh gave me a dirty look, steeled herself and stood up exposing her beautiful body to the man to whom she was talking. The man looked her up and down and whistled as she walked by. As Leigh got close to me, I backed up keeping her towel out of reach. Finally, I turned and ran back to our spot. Leigh realizing that I wasn't going to give her the towel, ran after me.

As she caught up to me, near our spot, the teenaged boys began hooting and hollering at Leigh. Unable to grab the towel from me, Leigh put her "Frank's Dive Shop" T-shirt on and pulled it down so the top two thirds of her breasts were covered. She then scooped up her wrap shorts and magically covered her ass and pussy. Picking up her beach bag and slipping on her sandals, she quickly headed into the sand dunes and toward the car. I followed behind with the remaining items our spot and within a few seconds caught up to her.

"Are you alright." I asked.

"Well, if you mean except for you being an ass...then I'm all right." She snapped back.

"What do you mean? I thought you liked showing off your body."

"I do as long as I'm a willing participant, but what you just did to me was cruel and made me feel like you were trying to humiliate me."

I could see that there were tears forming in her eyes and I was over come with regret. I hugged her and said, "Oh, baby, I love you and I'm really sorry."

At first, she resisted my hug but then relented and tucked her head into my shoulder. "I won't ever doing anything like that again." I promised.

After a few moments Leigh had regained her composure and hand in hand we walked through the sand dunes to the road. We came through the sea grapes and onto the road a little north of where we had parked the car, and when I looked south, I was shocked to see a tow truck in front of my Mustang.

Leigh and I immediately ran toward the truck to see why my car was being towed. Coming around the back of the tow truck, Leigh and I encountered a very large older man squatting down in front of my Mustang attempting to hook up the tow arm. He had an enormous barrel chest and huge beer belly. His denim shirt was stretched across his belly and two buttons had come undone from his movements. He had a name patch over his left shirt pocket that read "Fred".

"What's going on?" I asked.

As soon as Fred heard me, he stood up and looked at me with his weather worn face. He had at least 3 days growth on his face and an unlit cigar stuck in the corner of his mouth. Standing next to Fred, I suddenly realized how big of a man he was. He was a couple of inches taller than my 6'2" and wider at the shoulders than me. Before he answered my question, his attention moved to Leigh who had just caught up and was standing beside me. During her run to the car, Leigh's cut-off T-shirt had rolled up her chest and her large tits were on display. At first, she didn't notice her nudity, but Fred did and was staring at Leigh's chest. Becoming aware of Fred's intense stare and realizing her T-shirt was not covering her boobs, she grabbed the hem of her shirt and pulled it back into place.

"I'm towing this car." Fred gruffly responded to me.

"Why?' I further inquired.

As he turned to continue to hook up the tow arm, Fred casually pointed to the sign that read:

No Parking.
Violators will be Towed

at Owner's Expense

"I didn't see that sign. It must be new because I've parked here before without any problems." I explained.

"Well, now it is a problem," Fred countered, "And it will cost you seventy-five bucks to get your car back."

I tried to continue to plead my case, "You haven't towed the car yet. Can't I pay you something for your trouble and we can be on our way?"

"Not gonna happen." Fred explained. "I'm not gonna put my contract with the county at risk to save you a few bucks."

To my surprise Leigh stepped forward and offered, "What if I gave you a blowjob? Would you let us go then?"

With a shocked look, Fred eyed Leigh as she slowly stroked her breast through her T-shirt. "Well, do we have a deal?" Leigh prodded.

Fred nodded yes and Leigh took that as agreement to her offer. She knelt in front of Fred and grabbed his belt and opened his pants. She grabbed the waist band of his pants and boxers and pulled them down to his ankles releasing one of the biggest cocks I have ever seen.

I immediately thought back to that night in the porno theater (See "Now Showin' at the Movies") when Leigh passed on giving the guys that were groping her blowjobs because she was afraid of what I might think. At that time, I explained that I loved her and that if we were both participating, I wouldn't be upset if she sucked someone's cock. Her response was, "It's nice to know that if a situation came up, I could take advantage of it."

It looked like a situation had come up and fueled by her anger st me, she was going to take advantage of it.

Leigh began licking the head of Fred's massive tool. It began to grow immediately. A drop of pre-cum appeared at the opening and Leigh rubbed it into the head. She opened her mouth as wide as possible and put her lips around the head. Leigh managed to get about three inches into her mouth. She bobbed up and down several times, as Fred's cock grew rock hard.

As Leigh increased the tempo of her head bobbing it wasn't long before Fred's cock touched the back of her throat. Fred grunted each time his cock entered Leigh's mouth. Now, Leigh gives great blowjobs. She has no trouble deep throating my above average size cock, but Fred's cock was a different story. As I looked at Leigh, working on Fred's huge dick, I could see the determination on her face. I knew she wanted to swallow that thing, but it was just too big. Fred grabbed Leigh's large tits and began massaging her soft flesh and stimulating her nipples, which were now sticking out at least a half an inch.

Though I had stepped between the road and Fred to block the view, those traveling down A1A that glanced over were treated to this X-rated scene. Many cars slowed down to get a good look and expressed their appreciation with loud shouts or blasts of their horn.

Leigh continued to work on Fred's cock. She took it out of her mouth to lick all the way down the shaft and tongue his big balls. As Leigh stuffed Fred's cock back in her mouth she got off her knees. Her shapely ass was now high in the air. I could see what she was trying to do. Leigh now had a better angle to work on Fred's cock. She slowly swallowed Fred's cock. She now was able to take most of his length. She had succeeded in getting Fred's cock down her throat. I knew now that it was only a matter of time before Leigh's nose was buried in Fred's pubic hair. Leigh continued to relax her throat muscles allowing more of Fred's cock into her mouth.

As she continued work his cock in and out of her mouth, Fred grabbed the ties of Leigh's wrap shorts and pulled them away baring her ass and pussy to the cars driving by. Leigh grabbed Fred by his hips and used her arms to pull Fred's tool deeper into her throat. Finally, Fred's cock completely disappeared down Leigh's throat.

Fred said with amazement, "Nobody has ever taken the whole thing."

Leigh withdrew from Fred's cock slowly then swallowed it again. Leigh tongued Fred's balls each time her lips reached the base of his tool. She sped up her plunges causing Fred to grunt louder and louder. Finally, as Leigh's chin touched Fred's balls, he gently held the back of Leigh's head and deposited a thick gooey load into her mouth. After swallowing about five blasts of cum, Leigh withdrew to catch her breath. She licked Fred clean and finished by kissing the head of Fred's cock.

Still grasping Fred's penis Leigh stood, looked Fred in the eye and asked him, "So, are you going to live up to your end of the deal? Can we go now?"

A smile split across Fred's face making him look years younger and he reached down with his meaty hand and roughly grabbed Leigh's bare cunt, causing her to gasp, "I should have held out for a fuck. The way you suck cock I can only imagine how good you are at fucking, but a deal's a deal."

Leigh looked down at the massive cock in her hand that was already stiffing again and licked her lips. Snickering she let go of Fred's prick and stepped toward the back of the tow truck. Placing her hands on the bed of the truck she bent over at the waist and stuck her lovely ass in the air.

Looking back over her shoulder at Fred she said in a sultry voice, "Well maybe you're entitled to a tip."

Fred didn't need any convincing and with his pants around his ankles, he waddled up behind Leigh and entered her pussy from behind with his enormous prick. He stuffed the first third of his cock into Leigh's cunt and she moaned with pleasure. With each stroke, Fred went deeper into Leigh's body and within a few strokes his pelvis was slapping against her ass.

"Oh, Gawd yeess!" Leigh cried as Fred pounded her from behind.

Watching Leigh get roughly fucked by this huge man was too much for me and I skirted around behind Fred and offered my cock to Leigh too suck. She was just coming down from an orgasm when she saw my dick. Leigh reached out grabbed my cock and gave me a sloppy blowjob. For his age Fred had great endurance. He continued to fuck Leigh for almost fifteen minutes as she continued to suck on my cock.

Leigh's exhibitionism had drawn a crowd. The 5 teenage boys who had catcalled Leigh as she got out of the water nude, had pulled over and gotten out of their car. They had gathered around to watch Leigh get pounded and angled to take Fred's place when he finished. A young couple who had been riding bikes also stopped and curiously watched as Leigh had orgasm after orgasm.

I grunted and came in Leigh's mouth and realized that this could quickly get out of hand. I stuffed my cock back into my trunks, picked up our beach gear and threw it into the trunk of my Mustang so that we could make a quick getaway. I closed the trunk and headed back to where Leigh and Fred continued to fuck.

When I reached the back of the tow truck, I saw that one of the teenagers had taken my place and Leigh was voraciously sucking his cock. Fred's pace had picked up and moments later Fred grunted and dumped a load of sperm deep in Leigh's pussy.

Fred pulled out of Leigh's cunt and his sperm dripped down her inner thighs. Putting my hand on Fred's shoulder I said, "Leigh and I need to get out of here!" For the first time I think Fred realized how chaotic things had gotten and nodded.

As Fred pulled up his pants and turned to unhook the tow arm from my Mustang, I went to grab Leigh and get her into the car. The boy whom Leigh was sucking was cumming on Leigh's face and another one of the teenagers had his bathing suit around his ankles and was plunging his dick in and out of her waiting pussy. I pushed the two boys away, and to the disappointment of the crowd, I ushered Leigh to the car and slid her into the passenger seat. I forced my way through the teenagers who had surrounded the car and got into the driver's seat. I started the car and looking in the review mirror I waited for Fred to give me the thumbs up signaling he had removed the tow arm. Once I go the signal, I inched the car forward giving the teenagers the opportunity to move away. As soon as they were clear, I gunned the motor and headed away from the beach.

Looking over at Leigh, I was relieved to see she was okay. "That was interesting." she said with a smirk.

Leigh was a mess. Her cut-off T-shirt was up around her neck, allowing her breasts to be bare. Cum was dripping from her upper lip and nose. She absentmindedly played with the sperm that had leaked from her "well fucked" vagina and had pooled on the leather seat.

"I guess I got a little carried away there,,,didn't I."

"Yes, you did!" I responded with a smile. "What got into you?"

"Well, I was pissed at you for that stunt you pulled on the beach. Like I said I felt like you were trying to humiliate me. So, part of it was I wanted to get back at you." She said as she stared at me with her gorgeous green eyes, "But what really happened is that the humiliation really turned me on, and I needed to be fucked. I thought fucking an old fat guy like Fred was the answer to getting satisfaction while increasing the arousal I got from humiliation. The problem is that once I got started it was hard for me to stop."

"Today was definitely an adventure." I mused, "What else do you got planned for the summer?"

"Only time will tell." Leigh answered as she lightly rubbed her pussy.

As we drove home my imagination raced. I could hardly wait for our next adventure!