Inspired by Hooked6
by abbycakes

Hooked6,

Wow, The Midnight Run is a great story so far. I can't wait to see how it all ends, and I eagerly await your next masterpiece. I have to admit, your stories inspire me, and I was able to take advantage of that inspiration this last night.

While I'm going to school I work as a bookkeeper for my uncles business. He has a building in a local industrial park. Allow me to set up the locale. The building is 3 floors. To the right is a road which goes around back to the loading dock. There's a wide strip of grass and a fence which separates the industrial park from a supermarket. Trees on either side of the fence do a good job of blocking the view. To the left is another building, angled away and about 30 yards away. There's a stand of trees between the 2 buildings. Behind both is a wide expanse of grass, and right in the middle are trees and a sort of reflecting pool with fountains. Benches and tables make it a nice place to take a break or eat lunch, and many employees use it.

This goes into another parking area, than more buildings. What's nice is that there's plenty of space, so the buildings aren't on top of each other. There are also three ways in, all with a manned guard booth. The only way in is with an employee pass or getting signed in, so the park is fairly secure. To get into my building during work hours one can just walk in the front door and either sign in at reception or show your ID. After hours you'll need the code for the keypad, and not everyone has it. Being the bosses niece, I have it. There's also the loading dock doors and a side emergency exit, which automatically locks once it closes.

On Monday and Tuesday I worked late. On Monday I wasn't the only one who stayed late, but on Tuesday my uncle had to leave at 8:00, but I stayed to finish up, since I still had about a couple hours worth of work left. My uncle offered to stay, but I told him to leave. I couldn't have him seeing what I had planned after all. Since the area is secure, he had no qualms. Once he left I was the only one in the building, and I took a walk around to make sure. Once I finished looking I went back to my office on the third floor and finished up. It was tough keeping my mind on my work thinking about what I had planned.

Once I was done I shut down my computer, turned off my office lights and started to strip. I was getting more and more excited as I removed each article of clothing. I even took off my jewelry, since I wanted to be absolutely naked. Leaving my clothes in a pile on the floor I headed for the elevator. Once I got to the first floor I walked over to the side entrance. I slowly pushed open the door and stuck my head outside. It was very quiet and dark. Perfect. Since it was almost 10:00 pm, the supermarket next door was also quiet. I took a deep breath and slipped outside, closing the door behind me, which locked automatically. I was totally nude outside (and I mean totally nude) and and loved it. The only way back in was through the front door, but I wasn't going back in just yet. 

I walked along the side of the building and scurried across the loading dock lot onto the grass. The grass felt great under my bare feet, and I could not believe how excited I was as I crawled on the grass towards the bench area. My nipples were stiff and I was getting wet, but I didn't want to touch myself yet. I rolled around on the grass and it felt great against my naked body. I strode across the grass, past the benches and splashed through the reflecting pool (it's only about a foot deep, but the fountains had been turned off for the night. Too bad, since that would have been fun!). I ended up by the next parking area. There were a few cars off in the distance, but I was pretty much alone. 

I did my best ENF, imagining what it would feel like to find myself suddenly stripped completely nude while everyone was at work. I covered myself with my hands, pretending to be embarrassed as all these strangers looked and pointed at the naked girl. I turned and hurried back to the bench area, but along the way I began to touch myself and had a super intense orgasm before I got there. My knees actually got weak and I went down, rolling on my back and spreading my legs as I finished myself off. God it felt great. After a little bit I got up (my legs still felt rubbery) and sat on one of the benches. Eventually I lay down, and began to masturbate again. I lay on the grass, put my feet on the bench and arched my back as I fingered myself to another orgasm. 

By this point I didn't care if anyone saw, but nobody did. In a way I was just a tiny bit disappointed. I scurried between the space between my uncle's building and his neighbor. Now came the tricky part. I had to keep an eye out for the security guards making their rounds while I hurried to the brightly lit front door and punched in the key code in the brightly lit lobby. Once inside I went to the ladies room, cleaned up a bit and headed back to my office. I just put on my jeans and top and stuffed my underwear into my bag. On the way out the security guard at the front gate commented on my late night and how hard a worker I was. If only he knew.

While my little nude foray felt great, I'm already planning my next one, one in broad daylight. While I've gotten naked during the day before, it was usually in my backyard or in the woods. I want to get naked in the industrial park again, and I know exactly when. I've worked weekends before, and it's usually very quiet, though it's not unusual for other people to work, too. I'm hoping the weekend after the 4th of July will be dead with people taking advantage of the 3-day weekend. If so (I'll find out), I might have to stop in the office to download some files or something. If all is clear, I may somehow wind up without a single stitch of clothing on, wandering outside bare-assed naked in broad daylight. Stay tuned.

