



===========================================================
T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
===========================================================














Author: Homer Vargas,
Title: Cutters Creek
Part: 8
Universe: Fertile Valley
MC, Mdom, humor, preg
Summary: Finally get to see Judge Finster.
Redistribution: No restriction except that the story
may not be changed/edited and the title, author's name
and email, and request for feedback must remain
intact.
First Posted 9/19/03
Last Edited 9/19/02

Cutters Creek 8 (MC, Mdom, humor, preg)
Homer Vargas
vargas111@yahoo.com

Thanks to EBC for ideas and encouragement


Alice was feeling guilty. She had arrived in Cutter's
Creek too many days ago and was no closer than ever to
understanding what was costing her half-forgotten
Department of Education a fortune in the strange
little town. Well, she understood the "what" but not
the "why." It was evident WHAT was going on: every
female for miles around was pregnant or nursing or
both. How could any female be otherwise, being in
almost perpetual rut? And, men being men, they took
advantage of the inevitable result of unrestrained
feminine lust to flood willing, fertile wombs with
gallons of baby-making sperm. The result was bulging
bellies everywhere Alice looked. Apparently women -
whether they were horny little girls or lusty crones
-- when they were around a Cutters Creek man, could
never pass up a chance to have their fertile pussies
filled with plenty of baby juice. Moreover, they were
unable to insist that their partner use any
protection. If yesterday's conversation was correct,
even the Pill after a while didn't do any good. Worse,
the women even seemed to want to get pregnant as much
as the men wanted to knock them up.

Her ex-employee Annie and her sister Jennie sure did.
Sent by Alice earlier, Annie had come to the little
town to investigate and had fallen in lust with a
local boy -- indeed he didn't appear to be out of
junior high school -- and taken him back to the city
with her. Soon her younger sister was equally
besotted with the youngster and, when the boy had both
women pregnant, they had thrown away their
independence and well paying jobs in the city to come
back to Cutter's Creek. Now they lived with him and
with his older twin sisters who had already made
babies for him.

This brought her mind back to why she wasn't making
progress. Alice was starting to feel the same
perpetual rut herself. A few days ago she had been
unable to restrain herself from watching lustfully as
a girl in sex education class was bred in a classroom
demonstration. Worse, she had masturbated herself
silly as she looked on. She knew she was spending far
too many hours every day -- and night -- satisfying
her own needs. The change in her own sexuality was
frightening. Back in the city, she had seldom
masturbated. Here, she found her hand or a sex toy
between her legs at the slightest provocation -- and
the provocations were not slight! Even stranger,
aside from some experimentation in college, she had
never had sex with a woman. Her first night in
Cutters Creek, however, she had let herself be petted
and fondled and taken to bed by Annie's sister while
her ex-colleague was having her lights screwed out by
the local boy who had given her one baby and had her
pregnant with the next one. Well, that was excusable;
Alice had eaten too much and gotten tipsy; she was
unprepared. But the following night was worse.

It had been Jennie's night with Clem and the young
woman had been insane with arousal during dinner.
Alice thought Jennie was going to mount the boy at the
table. She pressed her self against him and kept his
finger in her twat, getting herself off again and
again while she fed him in preparation for the
strenuous night she evidently was expecting. Somehow
the next part of the evening had been a replay of the
first night with Alice again finding herself tipsy and
on the couch with Annie this time playing with her
titties and nuzzling her ear until she was insanely
horny. She had put up no resistance as Alice's hand
found its way under her skirt and pushed aside her
already soaked panties. Later, after Annie brought
her friend to several soft orgasms with her hand, she
had explained to Alice why Jennie was so sex-crazy
that night. "She's fertile for the first time since
her baby, so she's planning for Clem to get her
pregnant again tonight. She says he doesn't know, but
I'm sure he does. Men here do; we just get delirious
knowing we're about to get knocked up again. I
remember the state I was in the night Clem gave me MY
second," Annie explained patting her paunch. "He'll
do her good, too. He'll keep her filled tonight and
most of tomorrow and give her plenty of orgasms to
make sure she catches."

That was shocking enough, but a few climaxes later
Alice was too sated to react when Annie, giggling,
suggested they go up to watch. Alice half protested,
but Annie assured her, "She'll love it. Since the
first time Clem's dong went in her, my little sister's
gotten real kinky. Not that she's likely to notice,
however, as far gone as she'll be."

"Far gone" was an understatement. Jennie's shrieks of
delight could be heard from far down the long hall
even as the two women approached. When Alice peeked
through the bedroom door she saw a thirteen year-old
boy-man grunting and pounding away steadily at an
incoherent young woman who was screaming in ecstasy,
her arms grasped tightly around his neck and legs
locked around his torso, in a delirium of desire. His
piston seemed to be churning a froth of the white goop
that must have represented at least one load of jizz
already.

The pungent smell of sex boiling off the sweating
bodies of the rutting pair made Alice dizzy. The
boy's business-like copulation had sent the panting
young woman far beyond the familiar four dimensions of
space-time to a transcendental realm of reproductive
lust. "Clem, baby! Yes, fuck me deep, baby! ...
Baby! ... I want another baby, Clem ... I want your
babieeeeeee," the sex-demented woman howled as the
boy's body stiffened and readied itself to comply with
her pleas.

The sight of the formerly sophisticated young woman
sent into a mindless breeding frenzy by the backwoods
boy's cock naturally got Alice wound up. She would no
doubt have slipped a finger into her needful slit, but
Annie's was already there. "Yes, Alice, sweetheart.
Isn't it sexy seeing him put another baby in her?"
Annie cooed as **she** worked her ex-boss into a
lather. "I can tell how horny it's making you,
sweetie. Need to come, don't you? You're so wet,
honey. You need it bad. Let me help you." Gently
Annie guided Alice away for the scene of Clem
collapsing onto the comatose young woman, his half
turgid cock still stuffed into Jennie's distended
pussy plugging her and holding in a massive charge of
fertilizing sperm in her willing, vulnerable womb.
Alice was too dazed by orgasm to know that Annie was
accompanying her to her room to spend the night
reaping the benefits of her little sister's
instruction the night before of the State
Superintendent of Education in the fine art of rug
munching.

That explained part of the delay, but why had Alice
been unable to turn down one of Clem's sisters who
came with breakfast yesterday but didn't leave until
she and Alice had eaten each other silly and Alice was
dozing again? The rest of the day had been a blur.
The sister who had just fucked her - or was it her
twin? -- Alice couldn't tell the two pregnant beauties
apart - was there when she awoke. Amazingly she had
allowed the girl to "help" her dress which led to
comments about how well her breasts were developing
and some touching to be sure that had until Alice was
panting for another pussy-lapping sixty nine session.
After lunch - mountains of fried chicken, black-eyed
peas, turnip greens, corn bread, peach cobblers and
pitchers of iced tea - Alice had been too stuffed and
drowsy to say no to the suggestion that she should be
taken to buy new bras. The morning's breast
examination, before it degenerated into a hot session
of girl-woman lust, had indeed revealed that Alice no
longer fit into the C-cup bras she had brought with
her.

Clem drove silently while his sisters in the back seat
with Alice were unable to keep their hands off the
newcomer and Alice was totally incapable of fending
off the kisses and caresses that had her in a lather
when the girls led her into the shop. The sight that
greeted her was astounding. Women were milling about,
trying on bras and panties necessitated by newly
expanding bellies and exploding breasts. Apparently
there was no changing room and the pregnant beauties
preened unashamedly around the shop. The only women
who were fully, if scantily, dressed were the mothers
of the little girls who were being fitted with
maternity lingerie. A strong musk of feminine arousal
pervaded the air.

If Alice had not been in too much of a sexual daze,
she might have picked up some information about what
was going on from the conversation between the shop
owner, a pretty young woman of maybe eighteen with a
huge belly, and her young daughter. The little girl
wanted to know why a grown-up woman like her -- she
pointed at Alice -- didn't have regular "boom boom's"
like mommy and other women had. "I don't want to grow
up like HER!" showing disdain for Alice's inadequate
headlights. The child need not have worried about
herself; two firm lemons were already poking through
her thin dress. "Don't be rude, Lizzy Lynn. She's
new in town and don't have no baby in her yet. She'll
be OK soon."

This explanation only led Lizzy Lynn to ask
incredulously why the "funny woman" did NOT have a
baby in her. "Don't she have no daddy or brothers to
give her babies like you do Mommy? Alice did not get
to hear that answer as the inquisitive child Lynn was
scooted off to the care of an aunt of maybe eleven,
whose lemons had turned to grapefruit and whose tummy
showed signs that she DID have a daddy or a brother
like mommy.

The sisters opined and the shopkeeper agreed that all
Alice needed was "sumpin' temp'rary, 'cause her tits
IS growin' purdy fast fer a outlander." It wasn't
clear to Alice why she needed to be totally nude to be
fitted for a new bra or why it was necessary for the
shop owner and the twins to fondle her and tweak her
breasts - and play with her sex -- so deliciously --
while they decided on lingerie for her, but she was
past caring; the attention had her squirming. Still,
it was a bit of a shock when the young woman
apologized for "getting' ya so hot and bothered,
Ma'am" and offering to "hep ya out." Just watching
the fitting had apparently already had a similar
effect on the pregnant twins who had dropped their
thin dresses and had their heads happily buried in
each other's blonde crotches. Evidently, clients
getting 'hot and bothered" was a frequent problem, for
the shop woman pulled back a curtain atone end of the
shop to reveal a bed, no two.

On one bed the eleven-year old aunt who was supposed
to be "seeing after" the Lizzy Lynn was herself being
"seen after." On her knees, face to the pillow, the
girl was moaning with pleasure while a boy who looked
enough like her to be her twin was fucking away madly.
The Lizzy Lynn, unattended, was happily playing with
her naked Barbie who she had bent into the same
position as her oblivious aunt. Lizzy Lynn was
rapidly moving a Ken doll with a oversized penis in
and out of the anatomically, if not politically
correct Barbie. "Do her good, Ken! Your sister wants
another baby," the child giggled. "She wants to get
another big belly just like Zeekie gived Ruthie May."

As if to confirm the child's words, Ruthie was
moaning, "Oh, yes, Zeekie, give it to me, brother.
Give me another one!"

Drunk with desire, however, Alice hardly registered
the scene around her and let the shop owner lay her
down on the other bed before crawling in with her.
Between kisses and caresses the young woman assured
Alice that she'd soon have "fine baby-feedin'" breasts
and praised her for their sensitivity. The praises
stopped when the woman had kissed her way to Alice's
now dripping bush and began to tease Alice's hot sex
with her tongue. The twins were yelping in mutually
induced ecstasy when Alice's first orgasm exploded and
melted into another and another. When a warm wet
pussy appeared in her face, Alice was more than eager
to return the favor to its owner and be rewarded with
a gush of tasty girl sex juice.

Just as Alice slipped into a post-orgasmic slumber she
heard Lizzy Lynn exclaim, "That's good Ken. You
knocked Barbie up real good, I reckon. Now you keep
her good and plugged up so all that baby juice will
stay in where it'll do her the most good."

Alice and the twins were so exhausted on the way home
with their purchases, they didn't even make out, just
dozed cuddled together.

That night's dinner was different as it was the twins'
nights with Clem, which left both Annie and Jennie
more time for Alice. Jennie was beside herself with
excitement, certain that Clem had indeed given her
another baby. Annie was happy for her sister, but
couldn't suppress the smugness of being sure SHE was
already pregnant by their boy lover. In the relative
calm Alice was able to extract a promise to help her
talk to Judge Finster the next day. She felt that the
Judge could help her solve the mystery of the little
town if any woman could, though she was coming to
doubt anyone wanted to.

Seduction no longer being necessary -- Alice knew
she'd be sleeping with one of the sister that night
and was looking forward to it -- they sipped wine and
talked almost normally. Normally, except for the
topic of conversation: how hunky the local men were,
the enormous sizes of their penises, and the total
satisfaction the combination produced in a horny
woman. Both Annie and Jennie, though semi-officially
mated to Clem, had many stories of sex with other men
and boys, stories that got progressively more
hilarious as the second bottle of wine disappeared.

The sisters disagreed about whether Clem's oldest
brother or Clem's daddy had the bigger cock, but they
agreed that one of these days they'd like to have a
baby with each of the men. Alice's only surprise came
when Jennie and Annie let her know that both would be
coming to her room that night and from learning the
fun of three-way all girl sex.

Well, that was last night. Today was going to be
different. Jennie and Annie had arisen early to
attend to chores around the little establishment and
the twins were presumably still playing pretend
"knock-me-up" with their brother. After a short
session with one of the vibrators, Alice dressed
alone, marveling how snuggly the new larger bra fit
her evidently larger breasts, and made her way down
for an almost reasonable size breakfast.

On the way downstairs Alice passed by Clem's bedroom
and wasn't fazed to find the door open and chairs
setup in the hallway for anyone who wanted could stop
and watch. It seemed that watching people fuck was
almost like a spectator's sport around the house. 
Peering into the room, she could see all three in a
tangle of arms and legs. It looked as if one of the
twins was passed out on her back and Clem was hovering
over her on all fours. Her sister was helping by
aiming Clem's dick at the gaping snatch below. It
looked like she was pointing a hose gushing milk into
a cup that was already full. Clem just kept grunting
as his sister pumped his prick in time with each
spurt. "You fill'er up, brother, and I'll eat her
out," she giggled. Alice just wondered off downstairs
for something to eat herself.

Several cup of coffee had left her with a bit of a
buzz, but at least she wasn't feeling groggy as she
made her way to the Courthouse. Alice could make out
muffled cries as she tapped on the inner office door
marked "Judge Ruth Finster." "Yes! Oh, fuck, yes!
Oh, OH, OOOOOH." Even back in the city Alice would
have recognized this as the sound of a woman getting
vigorously and satisfyingly pleasured. Here in
Cutter's Creek she shouldn't have been surprised. The
only thing odd was her own action: to try the door,
find it unlocked and to peek in. There she saw a
pretty forty-something woman lying on her back, a
judicial robe rucked up around her waist, knees bent
and high-heel sandals planted firmly among the legal
papers on her office desk, being serviced by a teen
with an absolutely monster cock. "FUCK me you little
scamp! Yes! YES! Is one enough for you? Come in my
pregnant pussy and give me octuplets!!!!"

Alice knew that was impossible -- at least it was
impossible anywhere but Cutters Creek -- but the boy
seemed to be willing to try. He bellowed like a bull
inseminating a heifer as his body shook in orgasm in a
final desperate lunge. The middle aged woman howled
with delight as she felt the boys hot seed spew deep
into her womb. The boy grasped her round hips and
held his cock in her as if holding in a massive load
of baby-making sperm.

To her surprise, Alice's scientific observation of how
the Cutters Creek judiciary prepared for court was
interrupted by her own orgasm. Somehow, without her
knowing it, Alice's hand had had found it way to her
own excited cunt. A mere brush of her engorged clit
had sent her over the edge. Fortunately, the far more
kinetic sex of the mis-matched couple before her
covered her own grunts and gave Alice time to withdraw
to the waiting room.

When at last Alice found herself with a still flushed
Judge Finster and a smirking teen sitting in a corner,
she wasn't sure if she was supposed to pretend belief
of the judge's explanation of her delay. "I was
getting a ... er, ... brief from Jethro, my ...uhh,
... clerk." Whatever Judge Ruth Finster had been
getting from Jethro, Alice thought, it certainly had
not been brief. After she withdrew Alice had heard
the pair start over again, this time with the
matronly, if still curvy woman on top.

After some initial attempts at denial Judge Finster
seemed to change her mind and decide to take Alice
into her confidence. For the first time Alice heard
the story of how a few years ago Rev. Daniels had come
to Cutters Creek from Fertile Valley. At the time
Judge Finster had not heard of the strange goings on
in Fertile Valley and was unconcerned about one more
hick preacher trying to start a new church in this
Bible belt hinterland town. Soon thereafter the
explosion of pregnancies began. "I think it's
something in the water, though I suspect it's in the
dairy products and local wines the Church sells," Ruth
had confided. Alice blanched thinking of the gallons
of wine, water, and milk she must have drunk since
arriving. "By itself, it just makes the women
unnaturally horny and physically transforms both
genders into the other's fantasy ideal. Women grow
wider of hips and bust but narrower of waist. Girls
enter puberty earlier, having womanly proportions by
the time they are ten or eleven and menopause seems to
be delayed indefinitely. Men and boys develop classic
stud physiques, as you must have noticed," she grinned
at Alice who has been glancing, furtively she thought,
at Jethro whose own appreciation of Alice was anything
but disguised.

"And fertility and virility went through the roof. It
seems that women get pregnant EVERY time they get
fucked at even approximately the "right" time. The
pill looses it effectiveness within a few weeks of
exposure to the water. Still that does not explain
the positive urge to have babies that they -- well, we
-- have. Yes I'm as hooked as the silliest
schoolgirl. That comes only after you've been bred by
a Cutters Creek man. One fuck and there's no turning
back. After that, you can't get enough cock. I don't
believe that "go fourth and multiply" shit that Rev.
Daniels preaches. I don't know if he does. But after
I visited him once and let the sexy bastard fill me up
with more cum than I'd ever dreamed of, I sure as Hell
practice what HE preaches. He only did me once, the
bastard, so I don't know if he put this baby in me or
if Jethro did. I guess I don't really care. I just
know I want to get fucked with a big sperm-spewing
cock every chance I get. Yes, and when I've got one
in me, I want it to make me pregnant. It's like my
body wants to reward the prick that's driving me crazy
with pleasure, with a baby."

"Ruth, that's horrible!" Alice exclaimed in sympathy.

"Yes, I guess that's what I'd have said before it
happened to me. But is it really so bad? I'm also
going to be a mother after thinking for years that I
never would be, I have a hard-dicked boy who keeps me
fucked silly and I have a well-paying job to support
as many babies as Jethro can give me. What more could
a woman want?"

"But this town, the population explosion, it can't go
on!"

"I know. At least I know it when I don't have a big
cock in me, making it impossible to think about
anything else" the judge grinned. "I guess that's why
I confided in you. Maybe you can help me figure out
what I, what we can do. You haven't been "converted"
yet. Have you?"

Alice confirmed that she had not had sex with a
Cutters Creek man, thought she admitted feeling the
effects of the water in her bodily measurements and
her urges. "Jennie and Annie, yes, the schemers! They
are probably trying to get you softened up for Clem,
building up your craving for sex and waiting until the
pill wears off. We have to keep our suspicions secret
from them until we find a solution."

"Jennie, Annie?"


"'Fraid so. Like most wives, they want to please
their man and know that the way to do that is to let
him impregnate as many women as possible. They are
hopeless. You and I know the outside world and that
Cutters Creek cannot go on as it is. Sooner of later
it'll be stopped. It must be stopped, though I don't
want to see it."

"You don't?"

"Not at a personal level. My brain has already been
fried and my libido hopelessly corrupted. I can't go
without getting fucked silly several times a day and
breeding babies, but something has to be done."

"But what?" Alice asked.

"That's what you've got to help me figure out. But
not now. I've got court. Why don't you sit in? It
should be amusing. And maybe you'll learn something.
Now if you'll excuse me, I have to get ready. Jethro,
come here you little fucker! I've got to sit in front
of scores of Cutters Creek men for hours with noting
but a vibrator up my cunt to keep me going. I need
some more of the real thing to tide me over!"

To be continued. 
Comments, please, to 
vargas111@yahoo.com 

