GRANDDAD'S GAMES

BY MEMORIES

Part 2

Waking the next morning I had many conflicting feelings and
thoughts to deal with.

Physically, my bottom was sore and my nightdress was stuck to my
skin where Granddad's cum had dried. I had to peel it off my body
before I could have a shower and soap the mess away.

Mentally I was very confused. I knew that what had happened was
my fault. If I hadn't phoned my Mum, Granddad wouldn't have got
cross with me and none of this would have happened. I knew that I
loved my Granddad and that he loved me and I told myself that
everything would be ok now if I just did as he told me.

I dressed in a white tee shirt and a short denim skirt and headed
downstairs with butterflies in my stomach. Granddad looked up
from his paper as I entered and held out his arms as he usually
did and I gave him a big hug.

Relief flooded through me as I sat gingerly at the table and had
my breakfast. Things hadn't changed too much. We talked about
what we were going to do and I asked Granddad if we could go to
the market?

I was so pleased when he said yes that I hugged him again but as
I sat down I winced at the pain in my sore bottom.

"Go to the cupboard over there and get me the tube of white
cream," he told me. Getting up I fetched the cream he wanted.
"I'm going to put this on your bum," he said. "Take your clothes
off for me."

"I can do it myself" I started to say but one look at Granddad's
face made me stop talking and start unbuttoning my skirt.

Pushing the skirt and panties to the floor I stood waiting.

"Bend over the table," Granddad ordered and as I did I watched
him squeeze some cream onto the palm of his hand and walk behind
me. I jumped as I felt his hand begin to rub the cold cream into
my skin, covering both cheeks of my bottom, the top of my legs
and even between my legs on my pussy.

"There that's better," he said as he finished. "Put your clothes
back on."

I quickly pulled my clothes back in place. The cream felt
uncomfortable but soothing at the same time.

Granddad was extra generous at the market, buying me loads of new
clothes. He got me some really short skirts, crop-top shirts,
knee high boots, push-up bras, thongs and some new very short
nightdresses. There was a stall there selling funny outfits for
grown ups like nurses uniforms and stuff. Granddad made me wait
outside while he went into the tent at the back and I looked at
the shoes with really high heels and at a flashing sign that said
sex aids, not quite sure of what it meant.

When he came out Granddad had a big bag but wouldn't let me see
what he had brought. "I'll show you some of it tonight," he told
me with a funny smile on his face.

On the way home we stopped in a restaurant for lunch and
afterwards I had a big ice cream while Granddad drunk his coffee.
Looking around I noticed a man who was staring at my legs. He saw
me looking and quickly looked away but kept glancing back at my
legs.

Granddad noticed me looking uncomfortable. "What's up pet," he
asked? I explained about the man and he glanced around to see who
I was talking about. "Well sweetheart. You have to expect that
men are going to find you sexy," he told me with a smile.
"There's nothing wrong in letting him have a little look, It'll
make his day."

"Listen I'm going to go to the toilet now," he said. "When I get
to the door I'm going to look around and I want you to open your
legs wide apart so that the nice man gets a view all the way up
to your underwear." Seeing my look of dismay Granddad got cross.
"If you even think about not doing it I'll make you take your
pants off and do it without them."

Getting up Granddad leant over me. "Remember wide apart and keep
them like that till I get back."

Walking past the man Granddad headed for the toilet door, looked
back at me and nodded. Shaking I spread my legs wide apart and
looked down at the table as my face burnt in shame.

Glancing up I saw that the man was staring down between my legs
and as I watched his hand dropped to his lap and rubbed himself
there. As he looked up at me I dropped my eyes back to the table,
trying to avoid his gaze.

Sitting there in a busy restaurant with loads of people unaware
of what was going on was strange. The man was smiling now as he
stared up my skirt and a tingling feeling filled me as I tried
hard not to look at him.

Much to my relief Granddad came out of the toilet but it was
short-lived when he sat down at the table with the man and
started talking. At first the man looked scared but gradually he
started smiling and then laughing with Granddad as they talked.

Standing up they both walked over to where I was sitting and
Granddad sat down opposite me and motioned to the man to sit next
to me.

"Sweetheart, this is Chris," he told me. "Chris thinks that you
are gorgeous and I said that he should come over and tell you
himself."

"You are a darling," the man said looking directly at me. "You
look good enough to eat you're so gorgeous." The man called Chris
was in his forties and was at least 17 stone. He was sweating
loads and his face was all red.

"Can I touch her," he asked Granddad?

Chris and me both turned our eyes to Granddad, me pleading no,
silently and Chris with a hungry look as we waited for several
long seconds for a decision.

"I'll tell you what Chris," Granddad finally said. Give me a
number where I can reach you and I'll give you a call when I'm
ready to share her.

Not really hearing what Granddad said I realised that he wasn't
going to let the fat man touch me now and for me that was enough.
I saw the man called Chris write something down and pass it to my
Granddad and then we were on our feet and leaving.

Safe back in the car Granddad asked me if I had enjoyed teasing
Chris and if it had made me tingle between my legs when I had
done it. I admitted that it had made me feel tingly there but
that I hadn't enjoyed it.

"Don't worry Pet," he told me laughing. "We'll do it lots more
and you'll grow to like it."

When we got home Granddad had me go upstairs and change into each
of my new outfits before coming down and showing him them. I
could see from the lump in his trousers that he liked them and
seeing him like that both frightened and excited me.

The last outfit was a tiny yellow bikini, which tied in knots at
the sides of the briefs and behind my back and neck on the bra
part. The material of the bra part only just covered my nipples
and the bottoms were just a triangle at the front and string at
the back that covered nothing. I could see that Granddad really
got excited as I walked up and stood in front of him in this
outfit and as I twirled around for him I could see his cock
jumping, in his trousers.

"Get me that bag over there and I'll show you the toys I brought
for you," he told me and I quickly fetched the bag he got from
the sex aids shop, for him.

First he pulled out a kind of dog collar, with two short chains
hanging from it and he got me kneel down in front of him while he
strapped it tightly around my neck.

Next were loads of cuffs that had a clip on them and he got me to
put one on each of my wrists and one on each arm, just above my
elbows.

The next item was like a waistcoat, made up just of straps. We
had to work out what went where and Granddad seemed just as
confused as me. I finally got it on and did the straps up on the
sides. Granddad said it wasn't tight enough but that he would
tighten it later for me.

It felt weird having all those straps on me. They went round my
waist, above and below my boobs, over my shoulders and even a
strap down the front that would go between my legs.

Granddad emptied the remaining items from the bag out onto the
table. There were several different sized white things that
buzzed when he turned them on, several different sized rubber
cocks, some things that looked like weird gags, a riding crop, a
cane and a leather whip with a short handle and lots of short
strips of leather.

Granddad had to repeat himself because I hadn't heard him speak,
I was so scared at what I could see on the table. "Go to the
bathroom and get me the Vaseline jelly," he ordered.

Quickly I went up to the bathroom and found the jelly. I needed
to have a pee before I went back down and as I put the bikini
bottoms back on afterwards I looked in the full-length mirror.

I looked weird with all of the straps on me. Somehow it looked
more naughty than if I had been naked. As I breathed in I could
feel them tighten around me and somehow I liked the feeling it
gave me.

Taking a final look at myself I rushed back down and handing
Granddad the jelly stood waiting in front of him.

"Turn around so I can fasten your hands," he told me and I turned
and knelt, holding my hands behind my back for him. Taking my
wrist he twisted it up behind my back and fastened the cuff to
the short chain hanging from my collar. It hurt my shoulder, my
elbow, my wrist and my neck to have it fastened like that but
before I could say anything Granddad had done the same to my
other wrist and now he clipped the two cuffs on my wrist together
and then with a bit of pulling did the same to the cuffs above my
elbows.

Once they were fixed like that they didn't hurt so much although
my shoulders ached where they were pulled right back making me
push my boobs out and making the straps tight across my chest.

There was a tug and I realised that Granddad had undone the ties
on my bikini top and was pulling it out from under the straps. As
he tightened the straps one by one I grunted as they dug into me
but neither of us said anything until he used his fingers to pull
on my breasts, to make sure that they poked through between the
straps, as he wanted them.

"You look so sexy like that," he told me and I must admit I did
feel sexy.

Turning me to face him and standing me up, he rubbed his fingers
across the front of my bikini bottoms. And along my pussy slit
and looked up at me surprised.

"Maybe I won't need that lubricant," he said as he pulled the
bows on either side of my bikini bottoms and let them fall off me
then rubbed his finger through my pussy slit and showed me how
wet it was.

I felt the heat of shame and embarrassment as he looked at me and
I started to cry but Granddad hugged me to him and shushed me.

"It's fine," he told me. "It's natural to get wet when you're
excited and you don't know just how pleased I am that you're
enjoying this. I can see that you're scared and that's good but
your body tells me that despite being scared you are liking what
we are doing and that is great because I plan to do lots more
with you now we have started."

As I stood there I felt Granddad's hands go up the inside of my
legs. One held my pussy lips open while the fingers of the other
started rubbing up and down my pussy slit and just inside. It was
much nicer than when I did it to myself and soon I could feel my
legs begin to turn to jelly as he brought me close to my first
cum.

Hearing a buzzing I looked down and Granddad smiled at me as he
rubbed one of the white things up and down my pussy. I jumped as
it touched me and heard myself gasp.

"Nice isn't it?" Granddad asked and pushed it against me again.

All I could do was nod as I started to cum and he had to catch me
as I fell across his lap pushing the thing further inside me as I
did. It felt wonderful as I lay there with it slightly inside me,
my body jerking as I continued to cum.

Feeling Granddad tightening the strap between my legs I looked
down. The strap had slits in it and I could see that he had
pushed the white thing through one of them so that the strap held
it in place in my pussy. As he tightened the strap even more I
felt it move even further inside me and gasped, as it seemed to
vibrate throughout my body.

Now Granddad had both of his hands free and me laid across his
lap, he started playing with me. His hands travelled all over my
body ending up on my boobs and my nipples where he pinched and
squeezed them. The pain was enough to stop me cumming as it
distracted me from the feelings between my legs and I teetered on
the edge between the pain and the pleasure for what seemed like
ages until Granddad finally reached down and pushed the vibrating
thing further inside me as he let me have my cum.

This time he turned it off after I had finished and I lay there
on his lap, feeling him gently stroking me as I dropped off to
sleep.

When I woke up, it was to find Granddad playing with my nipples
and tugging on them.

"Hi Sweetheart," he said. "How about you making me cum now?"

Nodding yes I felt him ease me to the floor between his legs. I
could still feel the vibrator thing between the lips of my pussy
but it wasn't doing anything.

Granddad undid his trousers and pulled them and his underwear
down a little, letting his cock jump free and putting his hand
around my head he pulled me forward so that my lips touched
against it making me pull my head back.

"Well you can't use your hands this time, tied like that, can
you?" asked Granddad pulling my head back down to touch his cock
again.

His cock was wet and slimy and it was with shock that I realised
that he expected me to use my mouth on it. I'd heard at school
that some of the older girls gave blowjobs to their boyfriends
and my friends and me had talked about it but we had all agreed
that the idea was gross.

Granddad hadn't said anything, he was just sitting there waiting
but I knew that I didn't really have a choice. Strapped up like I
was he could make me do anything he wanted and I was in no
position to fight. Also I knew from last night that if I made him
cross it was likely to be more painful for me.

Sticking out my tongue I licked the head of his cock and tasted
the wet stuff on it. It tasted salty but not nasty so I started
licking it all over, hearing Granddad groan in response.

It made me feel good to be able to make Granddad groan like that
and so I opened my mouth and took the head of his cock inside,
sucking and licking on it for him.

"Oh god yes," he cried out. "That is wonderful Sweetheart."

As I sucked and licked on him I felt Granddad's hand on the back
of my head pulling my head onto his cock and then releasing it so
that I could back off. I realised what he wanted and bobbed my
head up and down letting his cock go deeper into my mouth as I
did.

Granddad had one hand on my shoulder, steadying me and the other
was playing with my breast. It wasn't easy bobbing my head up and
down as the collar around my neck dug in every time I bobbed down
and my shoulders hurt from the way my arms were held up my back.

"Don't stop," he warned me. "I'm going to cum and I want you to
swallow every drop."

When we talked at school about blowjobs we had heard about spit
or swallow and even though I had decided then and there that I'd
never have to choose because I'd never let a boy put his willy in
my mouth, I realised now that I wasn't going to get to choose
anyway.

The hand on my shoulder moved back up behind my head and started
pulling me harder onto Granddad's cock, sometimes making me choke
as it went too far back in my mouth. The fingers on my nipple
started pinching and twisting, making me yell around Granddad's
cock in my mouth as I felt the first spurt of his cum. I choked
and coughed on it as spurt after spurt of cum filled my mouth.

Swallowing as quickly as I could I finally cleared my mouth of
cum and sucked on Granddad's cock as it got soft in my mouth. His
cum had tasted musty and salty but wasn't gross like I had
expected.

"Oh god Sweetheart, that was fantastic," he said. "I love you so
much."

I felt myself fill up with love for Granddad and pride that I
could make him happy like this.

That night I slept in his bed for the first time, cuddled up
against him and feeling his strong arms, protectively around me.

