Beginning
by stevehurst

Holiday from hell

Chapter 1

Stepping off the plane and feeling the full blast of the South American sun, Jill had to pinch herself to check she wasn’t dreaming.

She had been surprised when Suzy invited her to her Fathers polo ranch as they weren’t close friends, their only contact at school was through their shared love of the sport, and as head girl Jill had often had to report Suzy and her European friends for smoking and drinking.
But in her gap year before taking up Law at Harvard Suzy’s offer was too good to turn down. Walking across the hot tarmac Jill shook out her wavy blonde hair, at five foot eleven with figure honed on the sports field Jill was already attracting admiring glances, her large blue eyes and full red lips had got her voted “Prettiest girl in School” but she never felt that way, sometimes she envied girls like Suzy, dark and petite with almond brown eyes.

Jill was pleased she’d chosen her prettiest cotton floral dress, it showed off her large breasts and rounded bottom, her long tanned legs stretching as she walked along beside the diminutive Suzy.

Looking about Jill noticed two other girls standing in the passport queue, both tall and blonde like her, one with a short bob haircut, showing off her swan like neck, the other with long straight hair, she seemed giddy with excitement whereas the shorter haired girl appeared to be nervously excited, a little like Jill.

Approaching the passport check Suzy approached the officer in charge, “Hi Maria, it’s great to be back for the summer, have you got the forms?”

Suzy passed Jill a document, “We both need to sign this, it’s just a silly form explaining that you’re staying with us, don’t bother reading it, you’re not at Law School yet” she joked “it’s really boring, let’s just get going I’m dying to hit the pool and have a long drink”

Jill signed it with a flourish, giggling with excitement, eager for a long swim in the sun before visiting the ponies.
Suzy wandered off and Jill was quite surprised when Maria then ordered her and the other two blonde passengers to follow her to a separate area with a table, but just a red rope cordoning it off from all the other disembarking passengers.

“Ok ladies we just need to go through a quick check before we can welcome you officially into out lovely country; I see you’ve all signed your contracts and your hosts have assured us that you will cooperate”.

Jill looked nervously over at Suzy who nodded encouragement and laughingly mimed taking a long drink and diving into the pool, reassured, but slightly alarmed at the word “Contract”, Jill followed the other two girls and placed her handbag on the table, anxious to hurry things along as the crowd of passengers arriving and departing was growing bigger with more people interested to see what was happening to the three beautiful blondes, who stood out a mile amongst a building full of darker skinned South Americans.

The crowd was growing slightly restless at the delay and Jill cringed when she heard a younger girl asking her Mother in a loud voice.

“Mum, why are those three ladies being spoken to?”

Before she could really object, Jill found herself emptying the contents of her handbag on to the table with the other two girls, standing side by side as the customs official rummaged through their personal belongings.

“Ok ladies, I now need you all to remove your clothing so that we can check you are not bringing any contraband into our lovely country and to check that you are nice and clean for your hosts”

Startled, Jill looked up at Suzy who was smiling from the other side of the barrier, chatting with her two cousins, the two who had both brought a tall blonde girl on the trip with them.

With a growing sense of unease Jill turned to the official and tried to explain, “It’s ok, I’m travelling with Suzan Campario to her Fathers ranch”

“I know you are young lady and it was Senor Campario who set up this system, he is a very wealthy man and we are grateful for the riches he brings to our small country, now please do as I say”

Desperately looking for support from Suzy, Jill realised none would be forthcoming and with a defeated sigh began to unbutton her blouse, looking across at the other two girls as they reluctantly did the same.

The tall girl with the bob haircut looked close to tears as she undid the buttons on her white cotton shirt but the middle girl, whom Jill hadn’t noticed, appeared to be smiling to herself as she quickly pulled her polo shirt off over her head, messing up her long straight blonde hair.
“Why are the ladies getting undressed in the middle of the airport” asked the younger girl, her high pitched voice clear for everyone to hear”

“Maybe they’ve been naughty” giggled the mother as she enjoyed the show as the three statuesque blondes continued to undress.

Jill was mortified, standing in just her white cotton panties and bra, her pale skin on show to the whole room as she tried to cover herself.

“Everything off please” insisted the woman, a sterner tone in her voice, tapping her feet impatiently as Jill realised with a sob that she had no choice and she was about to be stark naked in an airport full of strangers.

“P..please can I just go back home” pleaded The tall girl with the short hair, her beautiful face bright red with embarrassment as she stood there in just a matching set of pink bra and briefs.

“There is another plane in a month’s time, if your host allows it you could be on it, but I suggest that unless you do as I ask your host will be very unlikely you to free you from your contract so soon”

Jill’s jaw dropped and she glared at Suzy who was smiling directly at her, one eyebrow raised in amusement as she then called over to the officer, “Maria, could you hurry them on, my Father’s sending over a limo and we don’t want to keep him waiting”

Immediately Maria barked at the three girls to strip completely, saying that if they weren’t naked in five seconds she would strip them herself.

All three of them slipped off their bras and panties, Jill was scarlet with shame as she desperately tried to cover herself, but not before the young girl once more added to their shame.

“Look Mum, the one on the end has the biggest boobies and she has the most hair between her legs, look her face is going bright red”

The whole crowd laughed as Jill doubled over, trying to cover her large breasts from their prying eyes, her blonde curly hairs peeking out between her splayed fingers as she tried to hide her pussy from view, she’d strangle the little bitch if she could.

The three blondes stood there, Jill and the short haired girl were trying their hardest to cover themselves but she couldn’t help notice the middle girl seemed to be smiling slightly and her nipples were rock hard, “she can’t be enjoying this” thought Jill as Maria stood before them.

“Now ladies let’s keep this simple, I’ll tell you what to do and you do it, that way we can all be on our way and your poor hosts don’t have to wait around any longer than they have to and the rest of the passengers can get through”.

“Yeah, hurry up you dumb blondes” someone called out to general applause. Through her confusion Jill became increasingly aware that she and the two others were the only blonde haired people in the building.

She was jolted back to reality with a sharp smack across her exposed, rounded buttocks.

“Pay attention” shouted Maria “I told you to put your hands behind your neck and part your legs.

“Ooh, I bet that stung” giggled the girl, clearly enjoying watching the three older girls being so utterly humiliated.
Jill complied, appalled that everyone could now see her breasts and pussy, her flat tummy and long tapered legs all on view, painfully aware that her own nipples were beginning to harden in the air conditioned airport, her chest heaving as she tried to control her breathing as her whole body trembled with embarrassment.

All three had to stand there whilst Maria moved along the line, opening their mouths, checking their ears and telling them to run their fingers through their hair, again, the middle girl seemed to know what to do, lifting her breasts so Maria could check underneath, it was as if she’d been here before, but surely no one would put themselves through this thought Jill as she struggled not to cry as her naked body prodded and displayed like a prize cow at the county show.

It got worse as all three were ordered to squat down, there legs parted, their pussies painfully stretched as they were then told to bounce up and down, while coughing, the audience in hysterics as the three red faced girls had no choice but to comply.

They looked on helplessly as Maria then appeared with what looked like a big jug of hot sticky liquid and a thick paint brush, “oh, god, what now” thought Jill as a grinning Maria stirred the sticky liquid.

“Ok ladies, were nearly finished, in our little country we don’t have the technology for finger printing and all those fancy things, luckily Senor Campinos and his daughters came up with a far better solution, now who here can paint?”

Immediately the young girls arm shot up, “Me, me, me” she shouted, and with a chuckle and a nod of approval from Suzy, Maria asked the girl to come and assist her.

“Right you three, stand there, hands on your head legs apart and stay still” ordered Maria as they followed her instructions, knowing they had no choice as Maria handed the girl the brush.

“It’s very easy, I want you to paint these naughty ladies, dip the brush in, get it nice and wet and I’ll show you what to do”

Jill then looked on aghast as Maria took the girls hand in hers and guided the bristles between the first girls legs, Jill could see she was terrified as Maria demonstrated to the girl how to paint on the warm sticky liquid, brushing it liberally all over her pussy, her neatly trimmed pubes smeared with the sticky substance, then the poor woman blushed an even deeper shade of red as she was ordered to part her thighs wider, enabling the girl to run the brush down and underneath following the groove from her pussy to her anus before running the brush back up, parting the labia, pushing inwards coating the sensitive pink interior with the liquid, the humiliated victim squirming with a combination of embarrassment and the tickling sensation as the brush coated her most sensitive region.

Next they moved on to Jill, ordering her to spread her legs as the giggling younger girl set to with the brush, “Look mum, this one’s even hairier”

Jill could only grimace and swallow her pride, her face scarlet with embarrassment as the watching crowd enjoyed the spectacle, she looked over at Suzy imploring her to help but her gaze was met with an amused smile and a shake of the head.

Jill had to grit her teeth as she was ordered to “Spread ‘em wider” then tried not to cry out with shock as the warm sticky substance was forced inside, liberally coating her already matted hairs, the brush dipping inside, her pink labia cruelly parted as the brush invaded her.

Thankfully they moved on to the third girl, watching her shame out of the corner of her eye Jill was confused as the victim closed her eyes and let a small smile flicker briefly over her beautiful face as she parted her legs, presenting herself to her tormentors, pushing her hips forward as if trying to embrace the probing brush.

“Now ladies, come around this side of the table, and bend over, I want to see three lovely pairs of white ass cheeks” Maria took hold of Jill’s arm and led her around the table, then grasping her by her slender neck she forced her over, Jill’s large breasts squashed painfully against the hard wooden surface, she then gasped as Maria unceremoniously kicked her feet apart, Jill buried her head in shame aware that all her charms were now on display to the watching crowd, her pussy lips and ass cheeks spread painfully wide, the warm sticky fluid, cooling and contracting.

The two other girls were forced into the same humiliating position, the crowd were loving it as the three beautiful blondes were left there on display, nervously trying to peek over their shoulders, wondering what was going to happen next as the girl with the paint brush was positioned behind them once more.

To add to their shame each girl was ordered to reach behind hand hold their buttocks apart, their faces burning with shame as they were forced to reveal their most intimate opening to the watching, laughing crowd of onlookers.

Jill almost jumped out of her skin as she felt the hot bristles between her legs, the brush being gently drawn up between her parted cheeks, then gently dabbing around her tightly puckered little hole, then she let out an animalistic grunt, catching her breath sharply as the brush was forced inside, her bottom clenching involuntarily as the slippery wooden shaft was slowly inserted deeper then withdrawn, then she was shamed even further as she received a sharp slap on her exposed cheeks, “Ok, you can stand up now, we’re almost finished.

Jill had to stand there, a bright red hand print on her bottom cheek, looking on as her two companions were forced to suffer the same indignity, the girl with the short hair looked mortified with shame as her hot sticky pussy and ass were so openly displayed, yet once again the third girl seemed to once more part her legs wider, present her ass more willingly, letting out an audible sigh as the brush was cruelly inserted, Jill was more confused than ever.

Now all three of you stand there and face the crowd, legs apart and hands on your head, nervously they did so, as Maria and the young girl moved behind them, Maria whispering instructions to the younger girl.

Jill flinched as she felt the younger girl’s hand at the small of her back a finger delving at the top of her bottom crack.

“1, 2, 3, Go!” called Maria and Jill got the shock of her life as she felt a tearing burning sensation between her parted thighs, it was over in seconds but she dared not look down, her pussy was on fire as she heard the other two girls yelp with shock, then she looked on aghast as Maria and the younger girl appeared in front of them, huge grins on their faces, holding up three perfect rubberised replicas of three sets of female genitalia, with real hair to match, Jill gasped and looked down to see her perfectly hairless pink pussy.

“We don’t use finger printing here, we use pussy printing” laughed Maria, “and you get a Brazilian wax thrown in” the crowd were in hysterics as the three girls fought to maintain some dignity there denuded pink pussies on show as Maria explained that like finger prints, no two pussy’s were ever the same, every wrinkle and crease was different.

“When it comes time for you to leave our beautiful country you will receive your passports back and be matched with your pussy double, until then you are the property of your hosts”

Jill stood there as Suzy and two of her cousins stepped forward, each holding what looked like a gold necklace.
Suzy clipped it around Jill’s slender neck whispering, this makes you my property, until the necklace is removed, which can only be done electronically by Maria here at the airport”

Maria grinned and waived what looked like a small key ring and pressed a tiny button and Jill almost passed out with shock as an electric current shot through her, trembling with fright she meekly nodded in acquiescence, her large blue eyes glistening with tears as Suzy affixed a leather leash to the necklace.

Jill watched the girl with the bobbed hair, do the same, their eyes briefly met, they were both caught in the same trap, a bond that held them together as they jointly looked on whilst the third girls collar was attached, she was smiling gratefully at her “Host” her body trembling, her nipples hard as before everyone she quietly convulsed with a small almost private orgasm, whispering to her host so Jill could here “Thank you for allowing me back mistress, I promise to be a good slave, I’ve been looking forward to this all year”

As the three girls were led through the crowd to the exit of the airport Jill could hear Suzy and her cousins excited chatter, “This is going to be a great Summer, all the other girls have already arrived at the ranch and the games begin tomorrow, Daddy say’s that there will be even bigger prize money this year so you lot better not let us down”

With that she gave Jill a mighty smack across her naked bottom cheeks, sending her scampering out of the airport terminal, into the blazing sunshine, her eyes slowly adjusting to the glare, then she almost feinted with shock at what she saw, this was going to be a very long holiday……

Start writing… 