Victoria felt a tingle in her pussy the moment Sarah agreed to give her a ride. She could feel herself getting wet as she considered the possibilities. Their boss had invited the entire staff to a mid-summer night's get together at his place the following Friday. Unfortunately, Vicky and Sarah had to close the shop that night, but he insisted they could come over afterward as the party would go on until the wee hours of the morning.
"It might be fun," Vicky said, trying not to sound too excited. "At least there'll be alcohol."
Sarah groused that she'd have to run home and take a shower, get dressed, then drive all the way back across town to the party.
"If you give me a lift, you could shower at my place," Vicky offered, not quite believing the words were coming from her mouth. "I only live a few blocks from here, and it's on the way."
She didn't take long to think about it.
"Sounds good to me," Sarah said.
That's how it started. Bi-sexual, the 30-year-old Vicky harbored a secret crush on her co-worker. In truth, it was more than that. When they worked together, she found it hard to keep her eyes off Sarah. She often thought of the young woman, six years her junior, when she masturbated. Visions of Sarah even invaded Vicky's mind when she had sex with other people.
The two could almost be sisters. Both had pale skin; long brunette hair; pale, ice-blue eyes, and full C-cup breasts. Other than their age, there were only two significant differences between them: their height - Vicky stood 5'7"; Sarah just 5'4" - and Vicky required glasses; Sarah had 20/20 vision.
At least a dozen times, Vicky had made plans to reveal her feelings to Sarah, but couldn't bring herself to follow through. Instead, she endured the torture of hanging out with Sarah, and others from work, at a bar near the store, and watching men fumble about while hitting on Sarah. She'd remained silent when Sarah went home with some of them. And, now, Sarah had a boyfriend - 22-year- old Eddie - a 6'8" Goliath whom she talked about constantly. Vicky quickly grew tired of hearing the seemingly unending praise - and it wasn't due to jealousy...well, not completely.
The night of the party, Victoria and Sarah counted the minutes until closing time. Locking the front door, they jogged to Sarah's car, jumped in, and left the parking lot on squealing tires. It took three minutes to reach Vicky's apartment building. Carrying her clothes, Sarah followed Vicky as they climbed the stairs quickly, and the latter unlocked her door.
"You can hit the shower first," Vicky said. "I have to pick out what I'm going to wear."
Sarah disappeared into the bathroom while Vicky opened her closet. Her outfit selected, she laid it on her bed. As she inspected the clothing, she noticed the bathroom door open about two inches. Some small piece of Vicky's brain warned her to stay away, but this was drowned out by the majority which willed her body to the breach.
"Oh, my God," she whispered, the words catching in her throat.
In the mirror, Vicky could see Sarah through the clear shower curtain; her petite body naked and wet, as she ran her hands over her soapy body. Sarah had her long raven hair twisted up on top of her head to keep it dry. Vicky's eyes traveled over Sarah's flesh, taking in every inch. Her breasts hung down as she bent and turned to wash herself.
Almost without realizing it, Vicky unbuttoned her pants, thrust her right hand inside, and her fingers found her lips. She was already wet. Her left hand settled on the doorframe, and she steadied herself as she massaged her pussy. Sarah rotated slowly, and Vicky's eyes went wide as Sarah's fingers slid up the crack of her ass. A small moan escaped Vicky's throat, and she held her breath for a moment, afraid Sarah might hear.
Seeing no reaction from Sarah, Vicky continued pleasuring herself, increasing the speed of her actions, needing to cum. She could feel the ache in the pit of her stomach. Her left hand slipped from the doorway and entered her pants. Rubbing her clit roughly, she slid two fingers of her right hand inside herself.
"Fuuuuck," she hissed as she came hard.
Weakened, Vicky drooped to the side, letting her shoulder rest against the wall as she shook. She was attempting to control her breathing when the sound of the water stopped. Pulling her hands from her pants, she straightened. She experienced a few moments of panic, not knowing what to do. Should she wait outside the bathroom door? Sit down on the bed? Or, in the living room?
She watched Sarah pull aside the curtain, and step out of the shower. Something clicked in Vicky's head, and on the spur of the moment she decided to do something provocative. Backing away from the door, she shimmied out of her pants, wrestled her wet panties back into position, then pulled off her shirt. Impatiently, she waited as Sarah dried off and then dressed in the bathroom.
The younger woman emerged wearing a blood-red, cropped halter top, which exposed her taut stomach, and a tight, black mini-skirt that barely reached her thighs. Her hair cascaded down over her shoulders before she pulled it back and fastened it in a ponytail. Vicky stood next to the bed, clad only in her mismatched bra and panties. Sarah glanced at her, and she tried to remain calm, as if she were preparing to head for the shower, but she imagined she could feel Sarah's eyes traveling over her body, lingering on the wet spot at the front of her underwear.
"I hope I didn't take too long," Sarah said, still arranging her hair.
"Not at all," Vicky said, hiding her disappointment at Sarah's apparent indifference to her state of dress.
"I tried to be quick," Sarah chirped. "I want to get to the party."
"Give me a few minutes," Vicky said, padding toward the shower.
The hot water pelted Vicky's body as she once more played with her pussy. Her mind was ablaze with thoughts of Sarah. She'd left the bathroom door open - as Sarah had done - and she imagined the younger woman peeking at her as she'd done earlier. Vicky came again. Powerful convulsions rocked her body, and she nearly fell as her feet slid on the soapy floor of the tub.
Vicky wasn't satisfied. She'd cum for the second time, but needed more. Desire burned through her mind and body, and she wanted to cum again, hungering to do it while riding Sarah's face. Despairing that this fantasy would never come to fruition, she finished cleaning herself, and shut off the water. As she dried herself, a plan formed in her brain. She tossed aside the outfit she'd picked out earlier, and grabbed a flowing, black skirt which ended three inches above her knees; a tight, low-cut fuchsia top, and a pair of strappy four-inch heels. Before donning these items, she pulled on a tiny black, lace thong.
"Ready, Sexy?" Vicky asked, sauntering into the living room, and trying to sound as if she were teasing.
Sarah sat on the couch. Vicky noticed she'd put on a pair of black, knee-high, four-inch platform boots. As the younger woman stood up, Vicky caught a glimpse of the pink cotton panties she wore under her skirt. In a flash, that feeling returned to her pussy.
The ride to the party took nearly fifteen minutes, and Vicky eyes were locked on Sarah's legs most of the trip. The skirt Sarah wore rode up as she maneuvered along the dark streets, and Vicky tried to concentrate on the road ahead. Her mind was spinning. She forced herself to keep her hands in her own lap, though she wanted nothing more than to push them between Sarah's legs. They found the house, and Sarah parked at the curb. Vicky rotated her body, and exited the car carefully, worried she might leave a puddle on the vinyl seat. She followed Sarah up the steps to the porch, watching the younger woman's ass smoothly shift left and right like the pendulum of a clock.
"It's about time," a voice called out.
Vicky blinked hard as she turned toward the sound, afraid someone caught her staring at Sarah. Eddie - who hadn't been scheduled to work today, and subsequently had already been at the party for hours - opened the screen door and stepped out to greet them.
"Well, someone had to do close up," Sarah grumbled.
"Hey, Vicky," he said.
His speech revealed he was on the verge of full out drunkenness, and his shoulder-length mop of dirty-blond hair was matted with sweat.
"Hey, Eddie," Vicky returned, unenthusiastically.
He grabbed Sarah, pulled her to him, and kissed her deeply. Vicky glimpsed the bottom of Sarah's ass cheeks as the latter's skirt slid upward enough to reveal the thong she wore. Sarah returned Eddie kiss, and for several seconds their tongues tangled with each other.
"Come on, let's get a drink," Vicky said, tugging at Sarah's hand.
Breaking the kiss, Sarah dragged Eddie along as Vicky opened the door and led them into the music filled house. Locating the booze, Vicky prepared a vodka and Red Bull for Sarah, and poured some Malbec for herself.
"Bottom's up," Sarah said, lifting her glass upward, toasting.
"Let's hope so," Vicky said, quietly, inaudible over the music.
Sarah leaned toward Vicky.
"What?" she asked, almost yelling to be heard.
"I said, you look terrific tonight," Vicky said, savoring the intoxicating scent of Sarah's perfume.
"Awww, thank you," Sarah's said. "You too. I love that top."
"It really shows off the girls," Vicky said, smiling as she shifted her arms forward to press her breasts together, creating even more cleavage.
Sarah laughed and nodded vigorously. Straightening, she downed her drink, and a surreptitious smirk creased Vicky's lips as Sarah turned to mix another. Eddie hovered around them, and Vicky, knowing her plan needed time to work, wandered away to meet and greet the other attendees. She sipped at her wine as she chatted with the party-goers - most of them co-workers - while keeping one eye on Sarah.
An hour passed. Vicky had just finished her second drink - having forced herself to go easy. She knew herself well enough to know she needed a buzz in order to go through with her plan. But, she didn't want to overdo it. She watched as Vicky downed the last swallow of her fourth drink, then teetered toward the back door, heading outside for a cigarette.
Trying to avoid being too obvious, Vicky looked around for Eddie. She found him asleep, slouched against the arm of the couch. Without further hesitating, she followed Sarah's course. The backyard was illuminated by a single, bare light bulb mounted above the door, and Sarah sat at a weathered picnic table. Vicky lowered herself to the attached wooden bench as Sarah exhaled a large cloud of smoke, blowing it far out into the cool shadows.
"I can't believe how hot it is in there," Sarah slurred.
"Out here, too," Vicky said.
Sarah let out a giggle, then took another drag. Vicky remained silent for a minute.
"What's up, Girlie?" Sarah asked, loudly.
"I'm horny as hell," Vicky said, before she even realized she was saying it.
Vicky's resolve almost melted away as she worried about Sarah's reaction.
"Yeah, I know what you mean," Sarah sympathized. "I haven't had any dick in a week. I need to go jump on Eddie."
Sarah stood up slowly.
"Hey, wanna see something cool?" Vicky asked, her voice trembling.
"Sure," Sarah said, flicking her butt to the ground. "What is it?"
Vicky popped to her feet and grabbed Sarah's hand.
"Come with me," she said, pulling the tipsy woman toward the side of the house.
It was darker here, she could barely make out Sarah's face. She reached out to take Sarah's other hand. Holding both, she moved close.
"What's over here?" Sarah asked, turning her head in search of whatever Vicky wanted her to see.
Vicky's will wavered again. She nearly released Sarah and gave up hope.
"I just wanted to tell you something," Vicky stammered.
"OK," Sarah said in mock seriousness, then smiled broadly.
"I..." Vicky began, but paused.
For a moment, she rocked back on her heels, her courage faltering.
"You?" Sarah prodded.
"I...want you," she said.
"Want me to what?" Sarah asked.
Vicky shrugged, her determination hanging by a thread.
"I need another drink," Sarah announced.
She tried to move toward the back of the house, but Vicky stopped her, pushing her body against the smaller woman, pinning her to the aluminum siding. Before either knew what was happening, Vicky mashed her mouth against Sarah's. Her Rubicon crossed, Vicky forced her tongue into Sarah's mouth. The latter tried to say something, but gave up as the kiss continued. Vicky's hunger grew on what it fed upon, her desire increasing uncontrollably. Her hands fell to Sarah's ass. The skirt she wore had ridden up once more, and Vicky cupped Sarah's warm cheeks.
"Oh, God," Vicky murmured, breaking the kiss.
"What are you doing?" Sarah asked, finding breath.
Vicky didn't answer, instead moving her mouth to Sarah's neck, kissing and sucking the skin there. She felt Sarah's body quiver.
"You liked that, huh?" Vicky asked, barely removing her lips from Sarah's flesh.
As Vicky's tongue trailed along Sarah's collarbone, Sarah placed her hands on Vicky's shoulders, half-heartedly trying to push her away.
"I want you so fucking bad," Vicky rasped.
Before Sarah could respond, Vicky kissed her again. Their breathing became labored, and Sarah's hands drifted to Vicky's back. Retreating half a step, Vicky twisted and maneuvered her right hand around Sarah's waist to push it between her legs. She brushed Sarah's clit through her panties, and the younger woman's body jerked.
"What are you...," Sarah began to repeat her earlier question, but Vicky's fingers danced over her wet lips and Sarah's words dissolved into a moan.
With her left hand, Vicky grabbed Sarah's hair, and she pulled hard, tilting Sarah's head. The effort again exposed Sarah's neck to Vicky's mouth, and the former gasped as lips contacted her sensitive skin. Thrusting her hand between Sarah's thighs, Vicky roughly manipulated Sarah's button. Involuntarily, Sarah's body tried to double over, leaning against Vicky. She kissed Vicky's mouth, surprising the older woman. The action exploded any remaining doubt in Vicky's mind. She shoved Sarah back to the siding, the petite body thumping into the aluminum. Vicky didn't care if everyone inside the house heard.
"I'm gonna make that little pussy cum, baby," Vicky hissed.
Sarah could only nod. Vicky released Sarah's hair, brought her hand to her own mouth, and spit on her fingers. Letting her hand fall to Sarah's ass, she worked it under the gossamer strip of fabric, and wiggled a finger between Sarah's cheeks.
"Fuck," Sarah groaned, awkwardly rising onto her tip-toes, trying to escape the invasion of her asshole.
Even with four drinks in her, the carnal assault on both holes drove Sarah over the edge quickly. Within a minute, her body bucked violently, almost knocking Vicky off-balance.
"I'm cumming," Sarah whined, loudly.
"That's it, do it," Vicky demanded. "Cum all over my fingers."
Sarah reached out to grab Vicky's breasts, pushing into her top to grope the heavy globes.
"Don't stop," she begged as she squeezed Vicky's nipples. "Please, don't stop."
Vicky increased her efforts, rubbing faster; probing deeper. Sarah trembled between Vicky's body and the house, her head twisting left and right as she came.
"Do you want to cum again?" Vicky asked, whispering in Sarah's ear.
"Yessss," Sarah answered weakly.
Only a minute later, a second orgasm washed over Sarah's body, drowning her senses in bliss. Sarah's knees nearly buckled, and Vicky steadied her as she shook; kissing her upper chest, letting her tongue caper over the young woman's salty skin.
Gingerly, Vicky let her fingers slip from Sarah's holes. Moving her right hand to Sarah's face, Vicky stroked her lips, coating them with the woman's own juices.
"Clean them," Vicky said, forcing them into Sarah's mouth.
As Sarah rolled her tongue around the digits, Vicky leaned in to kiss her. For almost a minute, both enjoyed the taste of Sarah's pussy.
"I can't believe I did that," Sarah said when Vicky removed her fingers. "I've never..."
"You're not done yet," Vicky said, cutting off her wonderment.
"What?" the younger woman asked.
"I need to cum, too," Vicky told her.
"But, I..." Sarah began.
"You don't think I'm going to let you go without eating my pussy, do you?" Vicky said, more than asked.
Pushing the shorter woman to her knees, Vicky lifted her skirt, and pulled her panties aside, exposing the bare skin underneath. She grabbed Sarah's head, winding her fingers into her hair, and pulled her forward. Sarah resisted for a moment, but Vicky shifted her hips, pushing her cunt against Sarah's mouth.
"Eat that pussy, bitch," Vicky demanded.
Vicky was already on the verge - she'd nearly cum while pleasuring Sarah - and as Sarah's tongue touched her slick lips, Vicky came. Her entire body stiffened as if struck by a bolt of lightning. She inhaled deeply, filling her lungs with sultry night air, then shuddered, quaking wildly as she clawed at Sarah's head.
"Oh, Jesus, Sarah," she cried out.
"Shhhh," Sarah admonished, pulling back, "everyone will hear you."
"Don't fucking stop," Vicky growled, jerking Sarah's head toward her; once more forcing Sarah's face to her wet cunt.
Vicky's legs felt like jelly. Bending slightly at the waist, she put her left hand on the house, trying to remain on her feet. Sarah's hands slid up Vicky's legs, under her skirt, and caressed her ass as she suddenly seemed to warm to the task of delighting Vicky.
"That's it, Sarah," Vicky cooed, the aftershocks of her first orgasm slowly fading. "Keep going."
In the darkness, Vicky fumbled for the cell phone in the waistband of her skirt. Sarah, her face pressed into Vicky's pussy, didn't see the flash go off as Vicky photographed her. The second time, however, it caught her attention.
"What was that?" she asked, retreating.
"Nothing," Vicky rasped. "Don't stop."
As Sarah continued, Vicky switched to video, and, despite the lack of light, began filming.
"Do you like that, Sarah?" she asked loudly.
"Mmmm, hmmm," Sarah mumbled.
"Do you like eating pussy?" Vicky continued, pushing Sarah away from her cunt.
She didn't answer right away.
"Tell me," Vicky demanded.
"I love it," Sarah said.
"Say you love eating my pussy, Sarah" Vicky ordered.
"I love eating your pussy, Vicky," Sarah said.
"Good," Vicky allowed. "Now, make me cum."
Again, Vicky directed Sarah's face to her pussy. Sarah's tongue brushed over her clit, and she jabbed two fingers into Vicky's hole, thrusting them deep. Vicky came, climaxing so hard she nearly blacked out; slumping until her torso contacted the house. Sarah stayed with her, moving her fingers in and out, extending Vicky's orgasm - neither woman now concerned about being heard by anyone inside.
"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck," Sarah whispered, her body quivering wildly.
Sarah looked up at her.
"Is that what you wanted?" she asked.
Vicky couldn't answer, lingering against the siding as she shook. She released Sarah's hair. The younger woman removed her fingers from Vicky's pussy, and carefully stood up. Vicky reached out to grab Sarah. Pulling her close, she kissed Sarah's mouth, tasting her own juices there. They wrapped their arms around each other, hugging tightly as their tongues danced for several minutes.
"That's was so good," Vicky said, breaking the kiss as her heart rate slowed.
Sarah's arms fell away.
"We..." she began. "I've never...been with a girl before."
"Really?" Vicky asked. "You did very well."
Sarah shook her head.
"I came so hard," Vicky continued.
"I need to sit down," Sarah said.
"Are you OK?" Vicky asked.
"Yes," Sarah said. "It's just...my head is spinning."  
"Maybe we should go home," Vicky suggested.
"I don't think I should drive," Sarah mumbled.
"I'll do it," Vicky offered. "Give me your keys."
"They're inside," Sarah said.
"OK, come on," Vicky said, pulling Sarah along with her.
Re-entering the house, the two women quickly said goodbye to the few sober people they encountered, then went out the front door. Reaching the car, Vicky helped Sarah into the passenger's seat, got in the driver's seat, and set off toward her apartment.
As Vicky drove, Sarah began snoring, and Vicky once more admired her legs, eventually placing her right hand on Sarah's inner thigh. The flesh was damp and slippery, and Vicky let her fingers gently skate over the hot skin. Vicky tried to drive slowly. Even so, the trip went too quickly. Pulling into a parking space, Vicky shut off the car, and then roused Sarah.
"Where are we?" Sarah inquired, sleepily.
"My place," Vicky answered.
"Why?" Sarah asked, confused.
"You said you couldn't drive, so I did," Vicky told her.
Vicky helped Sarah as she stumbled up the stairs, and into the apartment. Sarah announced she wanted to go home, but Vicky led her into the bedroom. She convinced the younger woman to sit down on the edge of the bed, then turned to walk into the bathroom. Less than a minute later, she returned with a washcloth and a towel. Sarah lay across the bed fast asleep.