My name is raman, i am 15 years old. My sister name is jaya.she is 26
years old. Here i want to describe my sister's beauty, she is
gorgeous lady with big boobs like papaya and enormous buttocks
(kundi) big as water melons. I like my akkas (elder sister) kundi
when they wave in front of me when she walks in front of me, her
buttocks are awsome and shaking very beautifully..

Since my akka was pregnant and for purpose of delivery she had come
to our house. As it was her first pregnancy, she was in our house
with our mother. Amma told akka to do all work in the house, because
being idle will make the pregnant pain more.

But since my father had died long before and we three were only in
the house , there was no kitchen work. Also we have fully automatic
washing machine in our home and hence no washing problems also. Also
every luxury items. My mom is working in my dad's job. She told akka
to do all the house work.

Mom told this work was not enough for her , because in old time they
had did lot of work to give healthy child. Amma then asked sister to
take care of me . She told " jeya, thammbiya nee than enimel
parthukonum, sariya" my akka told, " amma thambiya pathi
kavalapadathae ; nan parthkiren ". Mom told to me " unnaku enna
venalum akkakitta kelu. Akka koduppa" i nodded my head with dreams in
my head.

That day amma asked me to sleep with akka. At night i use to have
pillow for sleeping. That day akka used my spare pillow . So i was
searching for something to hold while sleeping. Luckily my sister
asked me to sleep near her. Since she was wearing saree ,she told it
was sweating and she started to undress her saree in order to change
to nightie . I saw her remove the saree and stand with her blouse and
skirt. Then she went inside the bathroom and came in nightie. I can
see her nipples through her sheer white transparent nightie. She came
near me and in the light of night lamp i can see my sister's
beautiful big breasts raising high and low when she breathes. During
sleeping i accidentally kept my hands on her boobs, and slept. Nice
sleep. My sister's tits were soft and tender.

The next day akka woke me up early, telling "come on get soon, we
should bath and get ready for school. I told mom that i would bath on
myself. "no you make late on bathing so let akka do your bathing " .
Sister took me inside the bathroom and she asked me remove my
clothes. I removed everything except my underwear. Akka then removed
her saree in front of me and put in on the hanger. Then akka was
standing with her blouse and pawadai(skirt) in front of her 15 year
old thambi. She then removed the blouse.she often thinks me as a baby
boy. Then came down her pawadai.now in only bra and panties, my
sister stood like an angel before me. I was standing open mouthed.

She removed my underwear and took my penis out.then she bathed me
nicely,while doing this she was bending in front of me and i can have
a glance of those beautiful fruits hidden nice inside my akkas bra.
This cleavage view was during the morning before i go to school.
Really my elder sister is one of the beautiful women in world she has
such beautiful boobs ; i always like to suck milk from her breast.

My penis was becoming hard and now only akka realised that i am not
baby. She laughed slightly and said your banana has become big now
for eating. And she starting sucking my penis. She then asked whether
i had seen any girl nude , i said no. She said " akka will show you
everything that a beautiful girl has inside her dress. She first
removed her bra and said that " they were the milk fruits of your
akka ".she told "these dark circles are the grapes of babylone " .
Now she removed her panties and showed her sacred spot. She told
every girl and your sister has three holy holes in that place . She
carefully laid down and opened the door to heaven. First she spotted
her vagina and told it was front door then her butthole as the back
door to heaven. She then showed her piss hole by pissing in front of
me.

Then we explored a lot when amma was out. When she came again she saw
everything and she too joined our fun. Now i,akka,amma are naked in
the home . And do every sorts of sex.



