Nude Off Campus
It is Friday evening (finally!) and in a few minutes Amy and I are going across the courtyard to Kell's dorm where there is a party. And yes, I will be going nude although it is a bit chilly tonight.

The party will be nearly all girls, but a lot of them are lesbians so that can be pretty exciting too -- the flirting, I mean. I don't actually do anything physical with them but I enjoy how they act around me.

Anyway, I haven't written in a while, not really because of the "boycott" but just because I've been busy, etc. But here are a couple quick things.

As you know, I often go nude in the two girls dorms and in the open courtyard in between the four dorms in the quad (which includes two boys dorms). The most I do elsewhere is dress skimpily(and I don't do all that much of that anymore) or I've occasionally gone topless for a little while.

About a week ago on a sunny but chilly day I had gone across to visit Kell to study economics together. The exit of my dorm that I'm in the habit of using was blocked off for repairs to broken glass and I had to take another door. No big deal, but then on the way back from I walked out of habit to the door that was locked and only thought of it when I got there. I could have walked back along the courtyard to the other door, but I decided on a whim to walk around to the FRONT of the dorm. Even tho I'm so comfortable back in the courtyard, the front of the dorm is way different because it is a busy area. There are lecture halls across the "road" (it's built like a street but is pedestrian only except for emergency vehicles. All classes change at the same time and there's 15 min in between so during class changes it is really really crowded with people walking busily up and down the roadway.

Soooo, there I came along the relatively quiet side of the dorm and emerged into this busy crowd. I was wearing only my sneakers, ballcap on backwards and my watch and I was carrying my econ book and workbook. A front entrance to my dorm was right there on the corner and my intention was to round the corner from the little sidestreet and go right up the stone steps to my dorm. But then I decided that was too quick and I kept walking toward the middle entrance. So I had to walk about 20-30 seconds in the busy, busy between-classes crowd to get to the next entrance way to the dorm. I acted like this was just normal and tried not to rush though my heart was pounding. Lots of faces looked at me with surprise but basically everyone kept going wherever they were in a hurry to go and I realized that with my books in my arm I must have looked like I was on my way back from a class, and I loved that thought.

I was aware that a few guys had changed their routes to follow me, but just then we were at the main entrance to my dorm and I turned up the steps and quickly ran into a group of friends who were impressed my by entrance.

The other thing I did that was fun was to basically walk off campus nude. I have been off campus nude several times but either I wore something along the way or I went nude in someone's car (there is a parking lot just outside of the front of Kell's dorm so I could go from my dorm across the courtyard to hers, down the hallway and out the corner entrance to the parking lot and into a car and go from there. 

One of the places I've gone is to an apartment just across the street from campus where these girls Mickey and Heather live. Mickey is on the basketball team with Kell and I'd met her in Kell's room several times. Her apartment was one of the places I went to a few times either wearing something or nude-by-car. 

But it was really not far away so I wanted to try walking to it. So here's the logistics. From my dorm I walk across the courtyard to the back entrance of Kell's dorm and go to her room to get her. Then we (and several friends) go down the same hallway to the same exit where we'd gone to the parking lot before BUT this time we didn't go to the parking lot. Instead we walked across the grassy area next to the art building toward a street that is one of the boundaries of campus. It is not a very busy road and there were no cars close by. So there I was naked and with no clothes with me and it was a reasonably warm day so my friends weren't wearing sweatshirts or anything extra they could share. I was going out on a limb doing this and that's what made it so fun. So we got all the way to the street and a couple cars went by and faces in the cars looked at me with surprise and we crossed the street. There's a little coffee shop there with outdoor tables and some people were sitting at them and watched me walk by and we turned down the sidewalk to the corner and then down the next street two houses to our destination.

And then we went inside like it was no big deal, but BOY was it exciting to me! And we stayed there and hung out a few hours and talked and had a glass of wine and then we went back the same way we came and this time there were more cars and some guys got out of one of them and wanted to party with us, but we were pretty close to the dorm by then and were in and let the door shut behind us, locking and I waved to them as we went down the hall.
