



==============================================================
 T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E

 All stories in this archive are the property of the author.
 They may be downloaded and read by private citizens.  They 
 are not to be used by commercial web sites.  Persons using 
 this material on commercial sites will be vigorously pur-
 sued by the "hounds from hell," or my legal team, whichever
 is deemed necessary.  These stories were written for adult 
 entertainment and should not be accessed by children.
==============================================================









Pearls Before Wine (MC, Fdom, preg)
By Deedee and Homer Vargas [vargas111@yahoo.com]



"The invading army of a small Queendom gets a 
pleasant surprise."


PEARLS BEFORE WINE

Queen Fanuta smiled wryly as she looked up from the 
parchment in her hand. The messenger who brought it 
offered to interpret it into her language, but she 
had no need of translation. She read and spoke 
Corthon almost as well as she did her own Nurian. Her 
mother who had been Queen before her had seen to that 
by giving her the son of her Corthon slave, one of 
her many lovers, as her playmate and later as her own 
first boy. "Our neighbors to the North are ambitious, 
my dear. One day they may come calling. I want thee 
want to give them a 'proper' reception." The 
carefully scripted words on parchment indicated that 
day she and her people had been preparing for had now 
arrived. She re-read the brief document.

*

Honored Fanuta, Queen of the Nurians. Hail!

Marius Portius, Emperor of Cortho sends thee 
greetings.

Fame of the richness and splendor of thy realm, 
Nuria, has spread far beyond thy frontiers. It has 
come to my Imperial Knowledge that many enemies covet 
the prize of thy land. I, Marius Portius offer thee 
the protective embrace of Cortho. Within the fold of 
my Empire, Nuria would be safe from the predators 
which round about her compass as wolves about the 
defenseless lamb. Thy ascent to our gracious offer 
cannot be doubted. In three days my armies will be at 
thy frontiers. In three more, at thy gates.

Open then, the gates of Nuria to Cortho, as a maiden 
to her betrothed. Make ready a banquet for the 
nuptials of our kingdoms.
Hail!

Ah! The insolence of the Corthon Emperor! "Safe from 
predators?" Indeed! The lamb that has been eaten need 
fear the wolf no more. "The nuptials?" Speak clearly, 
Marius! Thou meanest the subjugation of Nuria, our 
absorption as yet another province of the Corthon 
Empire, another source of gold and women. "No, 
Marius," she smiled. "Nuria will not be an appendage 
to thy Empire. Nuria will fight thee, nay, vanquish 
thee as we did the Thrussians and the Sirtaphs before 
thee," she smiled, "and thou wiltst never know the 
battle has already begun."
Fanuta clapped her hands. "Run, Rini," she said to 
her serving girl, "call the High Priestess Dolphia 
and the other priestess from the Goddess's temple. I 
would see them in council." They had six days to 
prepare a banquet. More than enough for a night 
Marius and his men would never remember!

*

"Everything will be done, My Queen, even as thou hast 
spoken," Dolphia smiled confidently. "One of my 
priestess will be at each officer's side to lighten 
his heart. The praetorians will be similarly 
entertained. I will accompany mighty Aldos the 
Strategeon. And of course Marius Portius is thine, My 
Queen."

"What of the lesser officers and men who will not be 
at the banquet?" Fanuta asked.

"The women of the city have been informed, My Queen, 
and are more than equal to that pleasant chore," 
Dolphia chuckled. "After all, we keep our husbands 
and brothers happily tamed and they KNOW our wiles. A 
few thousand foreign soldiers will be in no mood to 
be troublesome that night, even without the Zuma we 
will infuse in their officers' wine."

"The Zuma, have we enough?" Fanuta inquired.

"Enough and to spare," spoke up Munira, Dolphia's 
deputy. "The women of Azunia were so grateful for our 
assistance in putting down the revolt of their men 
that they have supplied us with seventeen cartloads 
of the finest leaf. Thy temple priestesses even now 
are extracting the essence in abundance. In two days 
hence we shall have enough Zuma to tame several 
barbarian armies," the young woman concluded proudly.

Gassara stepped forward scowling. Towering over the 
priestess and even the Queen, the Captain of the 
guard commanded respect. "Do not underestimate these 
barbarians, my sisters. They are not like the soft 
and weak-minded Nurian men. Their custom is to take 
pleasure from women, not allow themselves to be 
pleasured. And my spies tell me of a custom that 
makes them not so easy prey. Corthon men refuse to 
drink from a woman's self. Nor will they take a 
nipple into the mouth. They believe this to be 
penetration by the woman and that a man must never be 
penetrated. So, my sisters, ye shall not be able to 
drug them with the Zuma-rich fluids of your sex," 
Gassara concluded.

"This is grave news, My Queen," spoke Dolphia. "The 
Zuma in wine makes a man's mind soft and open to a 
woman's words, but only his worship at her temple 
makes him fully her own."

"Fear not, my sisters," Fanuta replied. "These 
Corthons have never met women like ye. What a man 
thinks and believes in the cool bright air of Cortho, 
may be very different in the warm thick vapors of a 
Nurian bedchamber. Somehow I doubt they will know the 
difference between taking their pleasure and merely 
receiving it, when ye make their semen to boil up 
inside ye. As for the city women, give each a pitcher 
of wine for her "guest." It will do our work even 
though the woman understand not the power of Zuma. Go 
now and adorn yourselves, my lovelies. Let us make 
our visitors glad they have come before they regret 
it -- if they ever do," she added, to the gathered 
women's giggles.

*

Dressed in the finest of diaphanous silks that hid 
nothing of her full breasts and large dark nipples, 
queen Fanuta watched the triumphant entrance of 
Marius and his officer into the palace precincts. 
Siting proudly upright she faced the Emperor as he 
slowly approached her portable throne. Her eyes fell 
on his narrow hips and broad shoulders. Glancing over 
at Dolphia, she smiled, wondering if the High 
priestess was making a similar appraisal of the 
rugged Strategeon. She could not refrain from 
comparing these beautiful specimens of males to the 
nobles of her court. She noticed Marius's large 
powerful hands and feet. "Large feet, large ..." she 
mused. None of the men in her kingdom, delightful as 
they were with their practiced worship, measured up. 
Before handing the realm over to her, Fanuta's mother 
had insisted she should produce a daughter as heir as 
soon as possible, but Fanuta dreaded allowing herself 
to be made fat with the child of an effete son of one 
of the scheming baronesses who coveted her crown. 
Least of all Utafi.

"This light-skinned barbarian may serve me in other 
ways as well," she caught herself thinking. "And my 
priestesses." Fanuta knew that Dolphia's and Munira's 
almost constant night play was more frustration with 
their pretty-boy mates than real predilection for 
women on their part. Indeed, the extended visit of 
the barbarian army could be "very fruitful." Rising 
to meet him, Fanuta was aware of a growing wetness 
between her legs.

"... In sum, My Lord Emperor, I, Fanuta of Nuria 
welcome thee and thy men to our city. Even thought we 
cannot conclude any treaty or high business of state 
with ye during Thirteenth Moon Festival, we wish ye 
to remain as our guests throughout the celebrations. 
In honor of the happy visit of thy Imperial Majesty 
we offer ye the toast of "Pearls before Wine." Hail!

At her word, the woman at each officer's side reached 
to her necklace and quickly removed one of the many 
pearls that adorned her neck. Fanuta did the same and 
before the astonished eyes of Marius dropped the 
shining pearl into his wine flagon as did all the 
other women. "What hast thou done, Queen Fanuta?" 
Marius asked. "The pearls will dissolve in the wine; 
their beauty lost to the world for ever."

"Not lost, My Lord Emperor, transformed into thy 
further glory and of thy warriors," she replied. "And 
to cover the first taste of the Zuma," she discretely 
refrained from adding. After a few droughts, the 
tongue no longer detected the bitterness of the 
essence. "Now let the banquet begin!" Fanuta smiled, 
raising her goblet in toast.

The feast proceeded as planned with platter after 
platter of delicacies, the flesh of exotic animals, 
fruits unknown in Cortho's colder climes, seafood 
from Nuria's southern coasts. Each dish was prepared 
with just a little more spice than necessary and 
Marius and his men partook liberally of the wine that 
never ran short. If they had been more attentive, 
they would have noticed that their flagons were 
refilled from different pitchers than those of their 
smiling tablemates.

But the men's attention was already elsewhere. Except 
for campfollowers, none of the men had been with a 
woman in weeks, certainly none like the exotic 
beauties now at their side: high cheekbones, gleaming 
ebony-smooth skin, hair that hung in hundred of tiny 
plaits interwoven with silver and copper-hue threads. 
The eyes of the men were assaulted with images of 
voluptuous black bodies, breasts that pushed against 
the flimsy upper body ties, bare waspish waists, and 
ample womanly hips.

"The hospitality of Thy Highness surpasses even the 
fame of thy beauty," Marius said and he toasted 
Fanuta yet again.

"My Lord is too kind to the Queen of a small people," 
Fanuta replied with downcast eyes, but she read in 
Marius's gaze more that mere flattery. He was 
smitten. As well he should be. Her garment was of 
sheerest silk and wound so as to display her dark 
breasts. After the first goblet of wine, his eyes 
seldom traveled far from them except to gaze deeply 
into her dark eyes. Fanuta noticed a massive bulge 
beginning to show itself beneath his tunic. That was 
good; she had plans for it. By the time she finished 
softening it, Marius would have taken the first steps 
to his eventual enslavement.

It had been a day of surprises for the tired Emperor. 
Fanuta smiled, remembering her powerful visitor's 
amazement when he first saw her. Apparently, his 
intelligence had not informed him to expect a woman 
of her age and with her beauty -- and black! Nor was 
he prepared to be greeted in capitaline Corthon 
without the whistled "s" that betrayed his own 
provincial origin. The luxury of the banquet brought 
further amazement and she watched with amusement as 
Marius's face reflected the gradual shift from 
arrogance to mere contempt, to acceptance, to 
admiration, and now fascination with his scantily 
clad hostess.

As the night wore on, a large torchfire was lighted 
in the center of the couches. Marius and his men 
reclined around the circle and pretty, flirty serving 
girls continued to bring around plates of food and 
flagons of wine. The torch burned down and a pounding 
drumbeat was gradually growing louder. The serving 
women were now bringing more drink than food and 
their clothing had grown skimpier. Large unencumbered 
breasts were dangled in front of the men's eyes as 
the women leaned down to refill their drinks. The 
loincloths barely covered their provocative little 
pussies. And when a girl stood close enough to a 
seated man, he couldn't avoid smelling a cunt in 
heat.

Fanuta saw her women tittle and whisper to their 
delighted guests, making sure their wineglasses 
remained filled. The men grew tipsy and boisterous as 
their tablemates teased them. Seeing that all was in 
readiness, she gave the signal. Suddenly silence 
welled up like a cobra rising from its basket. At the 
sound of a gong, each man's companion leapt into the 
circle and positioned herself, one in front of each 
man. Talking, laughing, and ribald remarks ceased as 
a temple priestess began to writhe slowly before each 
man, her movements in time with the imperceptibly 
accelerating drum.

The officers were riveted by the swaying of the 
women's hips and bouncing breasts, none more than 
Marius himself by Fanuta. She was taller and heavier 
and a little older than the others. But what she 
lacked in youth, she made up in a sultry sexiness. 
Like the others, she had a bright silver disk 
dangling from her neck in from of her large round 
tits. Marius could not take his eyes off of those 
tits and so he stared too, at the shining, flashing 
disk.

As the dance accelerated, each woman inched closer to 
her prey, forcing him to look up at an uncomfortable 
angle at those wonderfully round, bouncing boobs. 

The drum was louder now, as well as faster, and 
filled the ears of the transfixed men as the flashing 
disks filled their eyes. Slowly, Marius and his men 
were falling into the power of the Queen and her 
court. The men were being "tamed!"

Now the drum grew still louder and the rhythm more 
frenetic. The dancers ground their hips in the faces 
of the men. Their stares became glassy, their bright 
blue eyes growing dim. Equally noticeable were their 
hands. Quite unconsciously, the men had begun to 
slowly stoke their rigid cocks. Suddenly the drum and 
the dancers stopped. The men hardly reacted, so deep 
was the spell they were under. Perfect!

Yet Fanuta noticed a bit of light creep back into 
Marius's gaze. He was a strong man, a willful man, 
not an easy man to "tame," by the looks of it. 
Slowly, as if waking from a dream, he began to look 
around him. The other dancers had fallen on his 
entranced comrades. Even Aldos was lying cradled in 
the arms of the busty Dolphia, placidly nursing her 
breast, his eyes closed in a docile, beatific smile 
as she stroked his face. His own aide-de-camp's head 
was thrown back as he sucked the pussy of Munira who 
kneeled over him, slowly jacking him off. Two others 
-- Marius couldn't see who in the dim torchlight -- 
were lying with their tunics up around their waists, 
their heads lolling, as two smirking women 
methodically rode them toward orgasm.

Like a lonely, cornered animal, Marius instinctively 
sensed the danger and poised for fight or flight. 
Fanuta looked down at him and saw his partially 
successful efforts to throw off the spell. Her 
nostrils flared to think of the powerful mind as well 
as body that soon would be hers. Immediately, she 
stepped forward, dropped her skirt, and thrust her 
crotch in his face. The scent of a hot pussy must 
have hit Marius with the force of an assagai. She 
watched Marius fighting the powerful aroma of her 
rank, dripping love slit. Marius was no longer 
looking around at his vanquished followers; he was 
staring straight ahead, straight at the wet, bushy 
cunt in front of his eyes. Fanuta was looking down at 
the big man, aroused but amused. She could see him 
weakening; subject to the one instinct she knew that 
could overcome the anger leading to resistance, the 
fear leading to flight: lust.

In a desperate effort as if to ward off the 
enchantment, Marius brought up his hands, just about 
high enough to shield his eyes from the bewitching 
sight before him, enough perhaps to push away the 
tempting vision that held him fast. He stretched 
forth his hand and -- with a lunge, grabbed Fanuta's 
ass and buried his face in her warm snatch.

A kind of cheer went up from the watching women as 
the barbarian leader went down to defeat. The Queen 
allowed the slavering man to fill his mouth and nose 
with her lust inducing juices for long seconds, then 
dropped them both to the couch placed nearby for that 
purpose. As Marius lost himself between those plump, 
delectable thighs, nimble fingers removed his clothes 
and the Queen began stoking his hardened prick.

*

At an early-morning meeting of her Council, Fanuta 
looked around at six contented, if somewhat tired and 
disheveled women around the mahogany table. "Did all 
go as well as your faces tell me?" Fanuta asked.

"Indeed, My Queen," reported Dolphia. "The men are 
all still sleeping. A whisperer is with each filling 
his mind with lustful thoughts. She has at hand a 
sleeping potion if her charge should stir. Not one 
will not leave our beds until he is our slave."

"No, Dolphia. I do not desire them to be taken thus. 
If our foreign guests disappear into our palace to 
quickly, the remaining troops may become restless. 
Remember, our sisters in the city can only entertain 
the army. They are not skilled in the use of Zuma and 
we cannot let them use it in the powerful mixtures as 
we do. It can be many months before the soldiers are 
so besotted with Zuma and soft bodies as no longer to 
prove dangerous to us."

"What then wouldst thou have us do, My Queen?" 
Dolphia frowned. "Our spell upon them is well begun. 
Shall we now allow our captives to slip from between 
our fingers -- and our thighs?" Dolphia added with a 
chuckle.

"Nay, my clever minions," Fanuta replied with a 
smile. "Our new foreign friends will not escape from 
your skilled hands or your lusty loins. It is a 
foolish fisherman who pulls hard on the line when the 
fish has just begun to nibble. Play with your fish 
until your hook is deep into his mind. For now allow 
him to awake each morning with memories of a night of 
unspeakably intense sex. I trust ye had no difficulty 
with that 'chore.'"

"It is even as thou sayest!" Munira blurted out 
causing the older women to giggle at her enthusiasm. 
"Lucas may be a barbarian, but he is skilled in 
wielding his manly weapon. I have never passed such a 
night before. He brought me unto a woman's pleasure 
nigh unto a dozen times."

"'Lucas' is it?" Fanuta teased her young companion. 
"Methinks were it not for the Zuma in the drink of 
the Emperor's aide-de-camp, thou wouldst be in HIS 
thrall." Munira blushed and the other women tittered 
before Fanuta continued. "'Tis well, Munira. Cortho 
is our enemy, not Lucas. Take thy pleasure from the 
youth, Munira. Thy sisters did the same. Their 
quarters are not so far from mind that I did not hear 
THEIR cries last night." Fanuta looked around 
grinning at the other women whose embarrassed silence 
confirmed her words. "I did even so with the Emperor. 
His weapon is long and thick, but fortunately I have 
a sheath that is the equal of it." All the women 
smiled and nodded.

"We want our guests to tarry long with us. Let's make 
their stay here a pleasant one. I shortly will be 
awakening the Emperor Marius with a delightful 
surprise. Do ye likewise. Later today I shall be 
showing him the sights of our beautiful city. But I 
do not doubt he will wish to share my bed again 
tonight. In fact I suspect he will not wish to wait 
that long to drink again from my womanhood and allow 
me to melt the steel of his weapon in my furnace. If 
anyone should venture to the Generalife gardens about 
dusk this evening," she grinned, "please do not let 
thyself be seen."

*

Fanuta judged well when her captive would awaken and 
she was at his side when his eyes fluttered open. 
"What...? Where... Oh, my head!" Marius moaned. Then 
he saw the beautiful young black woman smiling down 
at him.

"Good morning, My Lord, the Emperor," Fanuta smiled 
and kissed him softly on the lips. 

"OH, my head!" the Emperor moaned. "What? What 
happened?

"I fear thou didst partake too liberally of our 
Nurian wine. As for later ... Surely My Lord has not 
forgotten last night. I never shall! My Lord was 
magnificent!" Fanuta's flattery was purposeful, but 
not insincere. She had indeed come many times on the 
barbarian's thick cock. The Zuma weakened only his 
will; it fortified and stimulated his body. "Thou 
didst slay me with thy spear and gladly was I slain! 
Never has any man filled me as didst Thou. Aye! My 
Lord!" she gasped, her eyes widening in partial 
surprise, "I scarce can believe my eyes! Thy weapon 
is again ready for battle."

Marius winced at her words. Fanuta knew he was well 
aware of his erection, an inevitable result of seeing 
her firm breast just inches before him. Aware, but 
not pleased at that moment. As his large penis 
throbbed to life, so his head throbbed with pain. He 
moaned again, partly with arousal, partly the ache in 
his forehead. "I feel thy pain, My Lord. Here, take 
this potion; it will assuage thy torment."

Marius shook his head, "'Tis nothing,"

Fanuta smiled and persisted, pressing a goblet she 
had prepared to his lips. It was sweet to his tongue 
and he drank. "Yes, My Lord, drink it all. It will 
cause thee to sleep and thy pain to cease."

"Sleep again? But I have just awakened. The day is 
well begun. My officials will expect me at noon for 
Council," Marius protested.

"Ah my brave, noble Lord," Fanuta smiled. "Do not 
concern thyself for them. Thou didst not battle alone 
last nigh. I heard Aldos slay Dolphia many times, 
last not long before dawn. The Council can wait."

"Nay, Queen Fanuta. Duty is everything for a Corthon. 
We cannot allow the weakness of the flesh to deflect 
us from our appointed tasks."

"It is as I feared, My Lord. Thy strong will is 
preventing the potion from giving thee its balm. Rest 
thy head on my bosom and I will make thee to sleep."

"I must ... not" Marius replied, struggling not to 
pillow his head on the Queen's perfect breasts. 
Fanuta could see the potion beginning to make his 
eyes heavy. It was time to take him one step further.

"My Lord, it is thy weapon, drawn and ready for 
battle that does not allow the to sleep. Let us 
battle again as we did last night, thy sword and my 
sheath. Gladly would I have thee conquer me again!" 
And before the drowsy and aroused Emperor could 
react, Fanuta had straddled him and positioned her 
moist cunt lips at the tip of Marius's engorged cock. 
"The sheath of thy sword awaits thee, My Lord."

"Fanuta! No! This cannot be! A Corthon man never 
allows a woman to ..." A gasp cut short his words and 
Fanuta lowered herself over the helpless man's stiff 
cock. Slowly as first she began to ride him.

"Speak no more, My Lord. Let me ease thy pain. Aye, 
Thy manhood dost please me mightily. Yea, My Lord, 
thrust deep and I will please thee, too. Deep, My 
Lord, my sleepy Lord. Loose the hold on thy body, My 
Lord. Let me take thee deep. Release thyself into me, 
My Lord, deep into me, deeper and thou wilst sleep. 
Release, My Lord and sleep. Release ...release 
...RELEASE!"

Fanuta had felt his orgasm building and his 
consciousness sunk beneath her whispered words. With 
a final twist of her shapely hips and a clinching of 
her cunt muscles she triggered his climax. 
Surprisingly, the flood of his hot seed released an 
irresistible warmth within her and she collapsed on 
his hairy heaving chest. It was several long moments 
before she was again in control of herself, but no 
harm was done. The Emperor was safely entranced a 
faint smile on his face. Amazingly, his thick cock 
was only now deflating. Fanuta let herself relax a 
few more minutes in the Emperor's strong, though now 
limp, arms. She was aware that his penis still dammed 
up her pussy, not allowing his thick sperm to drain 
out of her. It was a pleasant sensation and stirred a 
feeling of tenderness for her imperial captive.

Her pussy twitched at the thought of what could 
result if they continued to "battle" thus if she were 
incautious. Since she had become a woman, her mother 
had taught her to drink a potion of Mea every morning 
on three weeks of each four. "Do so and THOU canst 
decide when and with whom to have a child, not thy 
need for a man's organ," her mother had advised with 
a knowing smile. Fanuta had done so as did most of 
the elite of the Nurian women. Now she was beginning 
to wonder if after twenty-five springs, if the time 
was not approaching to put in practice the other part 
of her mother's advice.

*

The treaty as accession was to be signed on the first 
day of the month after the New Moon festival. The 
rains had ceased, yet the harsh dry heat of summer 
had not yet come upon the land. The sun shone merely 
warm on the lush landscape around them. The treaty 
was being signed on the portico of the temple of the 
Goddess overlooking the newly whitewashed city below 
and the green valley beyond. Originally scheduled for 
the fourth hour, the ceremony had to be postponed 
until noon, as Marius and his men had greater 
difficulty than usual in arising from the soft beds 
and softer arms in which they slept.

Now all was in readiness as Queen Fanuta and her 
council of priestesses met Marius and his council of 
warriors. An official of Corthon palace protocol 
would have been surprise that rather than sitting on 
opposite sides of the long table, Corthons and 
Nurians sat side by side. Yet is seemed quite 
appropriates to the participants, who only an hour or 
so earlier had been entwined in each other's arms.

The formal toasts over, Marius arose to speak. Fanuta 
smiled reflecting that unlike the banquet a month 
ago, no pearls were needed to disguise the Zuma in 
the wine. The men no longer noticed the drug and 
indeed, would have felt quite uncomfortable were it 
not supplied. "Queen Fanuta," Marius said, trying to 
sound severe with the woman whose bed he had so 
recently shared. "There appear to be some changes in 
the treaty. It was carefully considered by the 
Corthon Senate and drafted by our lawyers."

"Aye, My Lord. I asked that a few clarifying words be 
added in the spirit of thy invitation to join the 
Corthon Empire. Thou didst ask us to 'open our gates 
as a maiden does to her betrothed.' I believe My Lord 
will agree that we have opened more than our gates." 
The men looked embarrassed as the women at their side 
snuggled closer.

"But this treaty states that no legions, save the 
Emperor's guard will be posted in thy land," Marius 
pointed out.

"True, My Lord. Now that we are wedded to the Empire, 
no enemy will dare attack. Thy legions will be freed 
to defend thy northern marches. We can deal with 
raiders as always."

"Aye, My Queen, but internal order?"

"Does the bridegroom send armed servants to watch 
over his bride, My Lord? I dared hope My Lord would 
do his own watching." Marius was not sure if it was 
and accident, but at that moment his eyes fell on 
Fanuta's ample breast and he could not suppress a 
noticeable stiffing of his prick.

"But my Queen, soon I will return to Cortho. Business 
in the capital demands it."

"Speak not of departure, My Lord. The marriage of 
Nuria to Cortho is but consummated and the honeymoon 
is not yet begun. Stay yet the season. Surely thou 
dost not wish to return to Cortho just as the cold 
rains and bitter winds of the North sweep thy 
capital."

"But the Senate will be expecting a report and the 
first tribute."

"Report the plain truth; the capital is wherever the 
Emperor lays his head. Do not thy own laws say thus? 
As for gifts, My Lord, with thy permission, I shall 
send each Senator, Tribune, Praetor, and Pontifex the 
finest fruit of our land, a Nurian maiden for to wife 
with a rich dowry." Fanuta smiled at her words. Yes, 
the Nurian women would take dowries that included 
many large flasks of Zuma essence. Perhaps next year 
when their new wives became homesick for their native 
land, a goodly number of Senators and other high 
officials would join their emperor in Cortho's new 
Southern capital.

At each clever reply, Fanuta saw the Zuma-addled 
heads of the Corthons nod ascent. "Set thy had to the 
treaty, My Lord, and let the marriage celebrations 
begin." She smiled over that the Emperor who was 
gazing at her almost in adoration. As she placed a 
quill in his hand her other hand found his manhood 
beneath his tunic and gently squeezed. Marius's 
doubts and objections floated away. He certainly did 
not want to feel the miserable cold of a Corthon 
winter. Less did he wish to leave the bed of this 
delightful woman who filled his nights and days with 
pleasure beyond his previous imaginings. Carefully 
appended the initials to the document - 

C. I. M: Corthun Imperator Marius.

The heat of the dry season arrived making it 
difficult for Marius to conduct Imperial business 
around mid-day. Not that he conducted very much at 
other times. Marius held Imperial court personally 
only during mornings, mornings that grew shorter and 
shorter as the Emperor, exhausted by long, vigorous 
sessions of lovemaking with Fanuta, arose later and 
later. Marius was introduced to the delightful custom 
of siesta after the mid-day meal, a custom made more 
delightful still by Fanuta's company in bed. He took 
his meals with Fanuta and so it was quite convenient 
for her to lead him to her bedchamber. There beneath 
pukahs moved by beautiful servant girls Fanuta let 
his suckle her breasts until he was moaning with 
arousal and the send him to sleep by riding him to a 
volcanic climax that left him almost comatose.

Marius did not realize it, but more and more Imperial 
affairs were transacted in his name by Fanuta and her 
court. She now wore the imperial Signet. It had been 
thus since the arrival of the Santhian Ambassador. 
News had reached Marius in Fanuta's chamber just 
after a long slow siesta fuck that, as usual, had 
left the Emperor quite drowsy. Fanuta gave his 
eyelids a little kiss and offered to attend to the 
matter. It had not seemed proper, but Marius was just 
too sleepy to refuse his lively young bedmate, who 
slipped off his ring and scurried to great the 
visiting dignitary. Marius never remembered to ask 
that she return it. A couple of times he started to 
speak about it, but Fanuta was feeling amorous and 
soon the Emperor was on his getting a marvelous fuck.

As Fanuta spent more and more time on Imperial 
business, she introduced Marius to her servants to 
keep him sated and happy. His vanity stroked by being 
told he was "too much man for one woman," Marius 
accepted them into his bed during the long 
afternoons. It was difficult to satisfy so many 
pretty women, but he tried.

As the summer drought burned the landscape to dull 
brown, a challenge arose. The wild tribes of Zaria in 
the West were causing increasing trouble. A decisive 
blow was called for, but Fanuta did not wish to rouse 
the Emperor from the lethargy she had crafted. The 
danger, she decided, could become an opportunity and 
set a plan in motion. Several weeks later a messenger 
reached the palace with news from the frontier and 
Fanuta was summoned. Leaving the Emperor in the post 
coital bliss of an early morning ride, she rose and 
persuaded the messenger that he should refresh 
himself before delivering the message to the Emperor. 
The young man's "refreshment" in the arms of two 
temple priestesses gave Fanuta time to complete 
preparations.

She arranged for the messenger, exhausted by the 
priestesses, to stumble into the imperial chambers 
just after the Emperor had come most satisfyingly in 
his royal lover's warm wet pussy.

"Grave news, sire! The Zarians have attacked Quoma. 
The Nurian defenders fled and the women were taken 
away." Fanuta smiled secretly. The Zarians had taken 
the bait. A few years with Nurian wives would tame 
the tribe, but meanwhile for form's sake, they must 
be chastised.

"Villainy!" roared the Emperor, trying to arise from 
the couch. Guards! Bring my armor. <gasp> Bring my 
sword." The unaccustomed exertion told on the Emperor 
who was growing flabby from too much food, wine, and 
sleepy lovemaking.

"Do not concern thyself with the Zarian raiders, My 
Lord," Fanuta smiled and pushed another goblet of 
wine into Marius's limp hand. "I shall deal with 
these swine in thy name. Thou hast more important 
matters to attend."

"My Queen, it is not meet that thou shouldst deal 
with affairs of state while I remain always within 
the palace. Of what 'more important matters' dost 
thou speak?"

"The most important matter of all, My Lord," Fanuta 
smiled. "I have brought thee the daughter of a 
powerful prince and if I err not, she is ripe this 
night for thy potent seed."

"What? Thou wouldst that I remain behind to bed a 
foreign wench while thou leadest our soldiers into 
battle?"

"The woman is Mai-te, from the Chen, My Lord. Make 
her womb swell with thy child, and another kingdom 
will be mine, er, thine."

"Can I not service her another day? I would smash 
these insolent Zarians with mine own strong hand!"

"Strong it is, My Lord, but stronger still the weapon 
thou wieldest here, in thy loins! Lo, I feel it stir 
mightily!" the wily woman said, placing her hand on 
Marius's cock.

"Fa -nu -ta!" he groaned.

"Yeah, My Lord, the sword of thy strength is ready. 
Plunge it into her belly and make her thine." The 
Queen clapped three times and two serving girls led 
in a tall dark beauty with almond eyes, fighting to 
break free. "Look on her My Lord. See the proud 
breasts, breasts that thou wilst make heavy with milk 
to give suckle to thine offspring. See the wide hips 
that shall bear thy child. Is she not comely? Aye! 
Thy sword leapeth in mine hand."

"But is this not the one brought in chains, but days 
ago? Did she not cry aloud that she would never 
consent to be my concubine?" Marius asked, unable to 
take his eyes from the gorgeous woman.

"Indeed she is, My Lord, but she is but a woman. Her 
mind is weak and her body is susceptible to the 
potions and philters of thy priestesses and 
enchantresses. She has been with them for these days. 
Now she burns with lust for thee. Even now her temple 
weeps with the joyful anticipation of thy manhood. 
Lie with her until the new moon and thy seed will 
find its fertile field. Her belly will grow fat with 
the fruit of thy loins."

"But Fanuta, Th-The..." he swallowed as his eyes 
feasted on the scarcely clad maiden in front of him, 
unable to formulate his sentence.

"Zarian raiders?" Fanuta finished his implied 
question. "My Lord, surely thou wilts not let this 
beautiful flower wither on account of a few Zarians 
who are foolish enough to defy thee." The queen 
lifted one of the thin veils that barely hid the 
young woman's charms. Her olive skin contrasted with 
the alabaster thighs of her imperial captive.

"My Lord, thy humble servant will deal with and rid 
us of this Zarian nuisance. Thy kingdom and thy 
people need the issues of thy potent loins to remain 
strong." With a tap of her hand, she made the 
writhing young woman spread her thighs a little.

"Behold My Lord, this ready vessel. The high 
priestess assures us she has never born fruit. At Thy 
command my serving girls will ready her that thou 
mightest pour her full of thy potent liquor.

"But how knowest, my Queen, that the time draweth 
nigh for conception? Perchance we shall return and 
she be yet ready."

"Ah, my proud Lord! I am a woman and I know the signs 
of a woman's body when it crieth out for child, but 
verily, I pray thee, prove my words."

Fanuta nodded to the woman. "Shew thy readiness to My 
Lord, wench!" she commanded.

The servants released the writhing girl and Marius 
suddenly realized her struggles had not been to 
escape, but to fling herself on HIM. In a twinkling, 
she had flown to the couch where Marius reclined and 
had thrust her pussy into his face. Without thinking 
Marius drew her to him and began to lick the copious 
fluids that leaked from her vagina.

Fanuta smiled as she saw Marius loose himself between 
the young woman's ample thighs. "Taste and prove, but 
carefully, My Lord, lest the potions she has been 
given affect thee, too. Do not drink too deeply of 
her flowing fount or the desire to breed will 
overtake thee as it has her." Even as Marius ate the 
aroused woman, Fanuta was slowly stoking him. "Aye! 
"Thy sword is drawn and ready. My Lord is too 
generous to his concubine, to pleasure her in this 
way. Wouldst My Lord make her come with thy powerful 
tongue? Lo! A woman's pleasure is upon her! Her cup 
overfloweth. Drink it not My Lord!"

The Emperor's enchantment was too deep to heed 
Fanuta's ironic warning. As the woman's cum squirted 
onto the helpless man's face, the crafty Fanuta she 
gave his cock a final jerk and made him erupt into 
her hand. "Ah, My Lord, my generous Lord! Thou hast 
spent thyself giving pleasure to this foreign woman. 
Even if thou willest, thou canst not now accompany 
thy troops as we smite the Zarians. I perceive that 
slumber overtaketh thee. Thy concubine is similarly 
spent. Sleep with her, My Lord. Take her this night 
and every night 'til my return. Fill her with thy 
efficacious seed and make her grow heavy with thy 
child."

Marius looked up at Fanuta through sated eyes, almost 
pleading. "Do not speak My Sweet Lord. I know thy 
eyes grow heavy. Thou wilst sleep and I will go. And 
when I return, the woman will shew forth the fullness 
of thy handiwork. Thou wilst breed her well, My Lord. 
But now thou must sleep. Sleep deeply, My Lord. Thine 
eyes close softly. Thy thoughts are scattered and 
drift away from thee. Sleep, My Lord. Sleep." 

Fanuta smiled again as the woman gathered Marius's 
head to her breasts and he began to suck softly. The 
woman looked up at Fanuta who winked. This clever 
foreign prostitute Fanuta had procured would keep the 
silly man happily occupied for the next several 
weeks, she thought. Several more weeks of drinking 
her drugged wine and eating her potion-laced food 
would keep her imperial "guest" too drowsy and horny 
to think about anything but this and other nubile 
women in the harem Fanuta had carefully assembled for 
him. Each was an enchantress in her own right, 
skilled in enflaming the lust of any man and using 
that lust to keep his will soft and pliable. Fanuta 
herself had taught Marius to allow a woman to mount 
him, pacify him with her pussy and draw forth his 
sperm, sating him with sleepy pleasure. As Marius lay 
abed letting one woman after another drain and 
enervate him with pleasure, Fanuta would gather the 
reins of power to herself. Soon the Empire would be 
hers alone! Just one more thing was needed.

*

Several weeks later it was a self-satisfied Fanuta 
who presided over the Great Council. One after 
another the reports had all been favorable. The 
Zarians had been chased back over the border feeling 
lucky the Nuri-Crothon troops had not pursued them to 
recover the abducted women. She imagined what kind of 
homecoming the Nurian women had prepared. Nothing 
more would be heard from Zaria raiders; that was 
sure.

Messages had arrived telling of the success of the 
Nurian maidens sent to Cortho. Each had quickly 
become a cherished favorite of her new husband 
without raising the ire of the first wife. As the 
Zuma increased the stamina as well as the 
malleability of the Corthon men, the first wives 
found they were getting fucked better and more often 
than before the Nurian girl arrived. The Senate 
hardly met any more; with two horny women at home, 
Senators had better things to do. In most households 
both the Nurian and the Corthon wife were pregnant.

The Corthon foot soldiers were being rapidly absorbed 
as second husbands for the women in the environs of 
the capital, although some of the city women sent 
their former mates back to their elder sisters, 
preferring the imported to the domestic product. Most 
of the Corthons had been farmers before being forced 
into the army and would probably have been quite 
happy to stay even if without having a woman who 
wanted to fuck two or three times a day. 
Surprisingly, the Corthons were able to introduce 
several new crops and farming techniques that meant 
greater agricultural output. The extra food would be 
quite welcome as most of the Nurians with new Corthon 
husbands were now found with child.

As Marius, Aldos and the other Corthon officials lost 
interest in matters of state -- for months their 
sleeping ears had been filled by whisperers making 
them forget such things -- their captors encouraged 
them to become more physically active. Fanuta and the 
other women enjoyed going to the stadium and watch 
their men wrestle, sprint, broad jump, throw javelins 
and shoot bows, each cheering excitedly for her 
bedmate. Fanuta was pleased that her Marius was 
seldom bested except by Aldos, and that only in 
wrestling, where the Strategeon's greater bulk made 
him invincible.

"In sum, Nuria had never been more prosperous or more 
secure. Nuria is, to all intents and purposes, the 
capital of an Empire that is Corthon only in name. 
The minnow has swallowed the frog. There is but one 
thing more that we can do to seal our place at the 
head of the Empire. I, myself, have already taken 
this final step," the Queen stated proudly. "The 
choice is yours, but for several weeks *I* no longer 
partake the daily draught of Mea."

A little titter went around the table. "I may have 
softened and blunted the Emperor's will, but I can 
report that his sword remains rigid and sharp," the 
Queen announced with a little smirk. "About the time 
of next Thirteenth Moon Festive, I will bear the 
Emperor's child!"

Fanuta paused and looked around; then she frowned. 
She was expecting a reaction: surprise, jubilation, 
outrage; instead Council appeared merely pleased. 
Dolphia saw the Queen's consternation and smiled. "We 
share thy joy, My Queen, but not thy caution."

"My caution? Why I have allowed the Emperor..."

"We well know what thou hast allowed the Emperor," 
the High Priestess smirked. "But thou art not the 
first."

"What?"

"My Queen, I am with child since the night of the 
treaty ceremony, although Aldos does not yet know 
it," Dolphia announced.

"Lucas and I are expecting before the rains resume. 
Behold!" Munira stood, lifted her short tunic and 
displayed to everyone the first signs of her 
delightful bulge. "I wanted his child from the first 
night I made him lie with me."

One by one the other Council members nodded and 
rubbed their bellies. "Even I, My Queen," Gassara 
smiled at last. "Although in truth I cannot say which 
of the Praetorian Guards is the father. As a 
precaution, I have taken the whole lot for my 
household!"

This announcement at last brought the gasps of 
amazement Fanuta had expected at her own. Although 
irked at being upstaged by her followers, surrounded 
by so many happy women, she could not remain angry. 
"Well," the Queen laughed, "It seems we need to 
arrange quickly for a joint marriage ceremony, lest 
we cause scandal."

"There will be scandal enough as it is, My Queen, 
when thou and thy entire Council present their 
swollen bellies before the alter of the Goddess where 
an equally pregnant High Priestess will meet them," 
chuckled Dolphia.

"Enough? Oh, perhaps not," the Queen replied with a 
mischievous grin. "I can think of something else to 
set the gossips' tongues wagging." No one dared ask, 
although the Queen's broad smile harbored no threat. 
"Now that we have gotten ourselves with child, we can 
begin to share the fathers to be. Methinks Munira is 
not the only one to have admired fair Lucas," she 
grinned, glancing at Dolphia who looked embarrassed, 
"and, too, I would prove the mettle of Aldos sword," 
the queen smiled again. "Perchance for a few nights 
my cries will disturb the High Priestess's sleep, as 
for months hers have mine."

The End?

Comments, please to:
Homer Vargas,
Vargas111@yahoo.com
