Halloween Party With Tracy
by Magda_Sorensen

Exhibitionist Halloween party goes out of control.

It was Halloween and Tracy didn't have any plans because her husband was going to be out of town that whole weekend. But on Friday she got a call from her friend Ben, who said he was going to be in town in San Francisco and would love for her to accompany him to a huge Halloween costume ball being held at a local warehouse. The party was being organized by a group of very large and popular Burning Man groups, and there would be hundreds and hundreds of people there. There would be bands and DJs, bars, art, and a costume contest. Tracy knew that there would be a lot of people at the huge party who know her and thought it would be a fun place to do a little bit of exhibitionism, to tease Ben and maybe to show more than she ever had of herself to a lot of colleagues (though not too much). She agreed to go.

Tracy loves when Ben tells her what to wear, and in this case he said he had the perfect costume for her and would bring it to her house just before the party. He told Tracy that all she had to do to get ready was bath, shave her pussy, and be ready. When Ben arrived at her house, Tracy answered the door wearing only a small silk robe, looking so sexy. They kissed on the lips, lingering while Ben's hands wandered into Tracy's robe to feel her naked hot body. Then Tracy offered Ben a drink and asked about her costume. Ben said he had it in the bag, though Tracy did notice that in addition to the shopping bag Ben was also holding a hobby horse, a white stuffed horse head on a stick. She assumed it was part of one of their costumes.

The two of them had drinks while getting ready for the big party. Ben told Tracy to strip naked, and then he started to strip too. Once they were both naked, the vision of Tracy's incredible body had Ben's cock rock hard and sticking out bouncing in mid-air, throbbing with his heartbeat. It was the first time Tracy had seen Ben's hard cock, and it made her happy that she had such a profound effect on him. Ben pulled out a bottle of oil and started to fill his hands with it and massage it into every inch of Tracy's naked body. The massage turned sensual, and Ben couldn't help but make out with Tracy while he oiled her body, massaging it into every single inch, including making sure her pussy lips were well oiled too. Ben's cock was pulsing and throbbing with every second of kissing and oiling Tracy's body. He nearly lost it without even touching himself. Then Ben pulled his own costume out of the shopping bag, which consisted of a short Hugh Heffner style robe, captain's hat, and pipe. He put the robe on over his naked body and was a barely dressed version of the famous porn magazine publisher.

Then Ben pulled out Tracy's costume, which consisted of a long blonde wig. He put the wig on Tracy, parted down the middle, then massaged some Vaseline onto Tracy's nipples and areolas, and stuck half the wig onto her left nipple and half onto her right nipple. Tracy was going to go to the huge Halloween party as Lady Godiva and the wig was her entire costume. Her smooth shaved pussy was completely on display, and she was completely nude except for the wig pretending to hide her nipples. Ben handed Tracy the hobby horse and told her it was the rest of her costume. Tracy is a total exhibitionist but had never left her house totally naked with no clothes available, oiled up and horny. Ben then said there were a couple more things that he brought for her costume. One was a remote-controlled egg vibrator and Ben got on his knees in order to work it inside Tracy's smooth pussy. She was getting turned on by the idea of being naked in public, so it didn't take much to get it inside her. Ben then opened the app on his phone to test out how the low, medium, and high settings felt inside Tracy. The low made her moan, the medium made her groan and want to touch herself, and the high made her almost double over with its strength inside her. This made Ben very happy to see.

Then Ben pulled out the other item for Tracy's costume, which was a vibrating butt plug. Ben got on his knees again, and this time from behind Tracy he bent her over and started to tongue fuck her asshole. He turned the egg vibe on medium while tonguing her ass, and got her worked up enough and gooey enough with drool to slowly work the anal plug inside her, until it popped in and locked in. Then he turned on that vibe too, and Tracy started to orgasm standing right there. Ben stopped both vibes just before Tracy could cum, leaving her on edge, nipples so hard, hidden by the wig. Ben pulled out a small messenger bag where he put his phone/camera and had a couple more surprises waiting, and then called an Uber to pick them up.

Ben was a little bit nervous about going out in public to a huge party wearing nothing but a small robe over his naked body, especially since he couldn't get his hard cock to go down. Tracy was even more nervous, about to leave her house totally naked with no clothes to put on in case anything happened. Just before the Uber showed up, Ben and Tracy smoked a big joint and each took a little tablet of MDMA, and Ben took a blue pill just so his cock wouldn't be able to stop being rock hard, even if the situation was nerve wracking. The Uber arrived and the driver was shocked to see a totally nude Tracy walk up to his car and get in the back seat with Ben. On the drive to the party, Ben played with the apps on his phone to tease Tracy with vibrations in her pussy and asshole and told her to masturbate while he filmed. She did it and was so close to cumming again when Ben turned off the vibes and told her to stop. She was bucking her hips and grinding and moaning in the car and wanted to cum so bad, but Ben wanted her horny and on edge.

When they arrive at the party, they were both a little shocked at how packed the whole area was, hundreds of people waiting to get into a party where there were already hundreds more. And everybody was in costume. They got out of the car and Ben handed Tracy the hobby horse so she could put the stick between her legs like she was riding a white horse, naked Lady Godiva riding a white horse, with only her hair/wig to cover her breasts. The wig wasn't really doing a very good job of hiding anything, and Tracy was as good as naked walking into a party with probably 600 people. Heads all turned to see her arrive nude to the party, some shocked but most turned on and thrilled to see such a hot woman be so daring. Ben turned both vibes to low as they walked in, which made Tracy flush, shiver, moan, and get totally turned on from that and the excitement of being so naked with so many people staring at her.

They walked through the crowd, with Ben alternating between having his hands on Tracy's naked body and pulling out his phone to take lots of pictures of her. Ben was so hard the little robe was failing at hiding his cock sticking straight out, and he didn't mind that everybody could see. He kept alternating the vibes from low to medium as they made their way to a bar to get some drinks, keeping Tracy so turned on. They got drinks, and having a drink in one hand and the hobby horse in the other made it so Tracy didn't have any hands available to remove the strangers' hands that she kept feeling on her naked body as they walked through the crowd. So many men just assumed that a girl with a body like Tracy's who shows up totally nude to a party must be a slut, so they weren't shy about groping her ass and tits, which just served to pull the wig off her nipples, so that the costume wasn't even covering her nipples anymore. She was just a beautiful woman totally naked in public, letting strangers touch her everywhere while Ben filmed and turned both vibes to medium. The men groping her felt that there was the end of a butt plug sticking out of Tracy's asshole, and the ones who slid their fingers inside her pussy could feel the vibrations of the egg inside her.

Ben filmed the whole thing and when it got to a point where it must have been five or more different guys molesting naked Tracy in front of a whole crowd, he turned the vibrators up to high and filmed Tracy lose herself in an intense moaning orgasm while everybody watched. Ben wasn't the only one filming the action, as a dozen or more strangers were also filming Tracy getting molested and cumming in the middle of the crowd. When he thought maybe Tracy had cum hard enough and the vibes were going too far, Ben turned them down to low and led Tracy away to another part of the party. He led her right into a big group of people from Burning Man that all knew Tracy, and none of them had ever seen her naked and were shocked at how she had come to the party nude and how turned on she looked, with her pussy spread and dripping down her inner thighs. Ben walked up to her and pulled away the rest of the wig that was covering her tits, so that they were now completely naked and exposed to friends who she never expected to see her naked. Then Ben turned both vibes up to high again, so Tracy started to wiggle around, moan, and reach down to finger her clit in front of her friends. She was so turned on she couldn't help it. They all watched Tracy orgasm in front of them.

It was then that Ben reached into his messenger bag and pulled out an insane looking strap-on dildo and harness. He looked at one of their friends and asked her if she would fuck Tracy. Their friend was very nervous but agreed because Tracy was turning her on so much. Tracy never planned on so many of the people from the volunteer team to see her like this, totally nude, and to watch her orgasm in front of them. And she definitely never expected to get fucked with a strap-on by one of them, but she was so turned on, high, and on X that she went along with it because she was doing whatever Ben wanted.

The girl who agreed to fuck Tracy was already wearing a skimpy costume and looked hot and scary with a 10-inch rubber cock sticking out from her crotch. In front of everybody Ben reached down and slid his fingers in Tracy's pussy, which shocked their friends that he would do that without even asking, and he pulled out the egg and slipped it into his robe pocket. Then he put a little bit of lube on his fingers and slid them inside his friend's soaking wet pussy, just to make sure it wouldn't hurt too bad to get fucked by a 10" rubber cock. With a growing crowd around them, Ben bent Tracy over at the waist so their friend could get behind her and line up the rubber cock with her pussy. The girl pushed her hips forward and impaled Tracy on the cock, making her moan and look around at all the familiar faces staring in amazement. The girl pumped her hips, driving more and more of the cock inside Tracy as Ben took photos and videos. For the next 20 minutes their mutual friend fucked Tracy's brains out for a large and growing audience. Ben turned on the butt plug vibe to medium so it buzzed inside her asshole as her friend fucked her pussy, now going so deep, the unfailing rubber cock, fucking with strokes inside her, 6 inches, 7 inches, 8 inches, deeper and deeper, as Tracy lost it in moaning drooling orgasms while everybody watched and filmed.

It was right when the girl was slamming all 10 inches of cock inside Tracy that she noticed a group of people she knew from her actual work. Colleagues and customers who never saw or even imagined Tracy in this way, were standing there watching her get deep fucked by a hot girl with a 10" rubber strap-on as Tracy kept cumming and cumming and moaning and drooling like an out-of-control nympho slut. One of Tracy's work colleagues, an important client, couldn't take it any longer and stepped up while pulling out his fat hard cock and slid it in Tracy's drooling moaning mouth. She was so far gone at this point that she just started sucking his cock like a porn star, their friend slamming her pussy from behind, forcing Tracy to throat fuck her client for an ever-growing audience. Ben was getting it all on video, and so were a lot of other people.

After a good 15 minutes of Tracy getting fucked from both ends by her client and her friend, the client groaned and pulled out and drenched Tracy's face in a huge amount of hot sperm. Before walking away, he whispered in her ear that she definitely has his business now. The female friend finally stopped fucking her mostly because she was tired. Pumping her hips and fucking Tracy for so long was hard work. Ben helped Tracy stand up straight and she looked around to see how huge the crowd was watching her. She was embarrassed that she just sucked off a potential client of her business, and that he gave her his business because of it. She let a client cum all over her face in public. But she was so high and turned on that she put it to the back of her mind, as Ben led her to a new area of the huge costume party.

Ben led her to a dance floor packed with people dancing and writhing in costumes, so many looking so sexy, and they started dancing together. Tracy reached down and started to stroke Ben's hard cock as they tongue kissed and ground together on the dance floor. Ben reached for his phone to turn Tracy's butt plug to vibrate, while Tracy noticed him nod to someone behind her. She felt hands on her from behind and looked over her shoulder to see a huge black man with a fitness model body, wearing nothing but a loin cloth, body oiled up, reaching around to play with her tits. Then she felt the stranger's huge hard cock between her legs, sliding along her dripping pussy lips. Ben stopped kissing her so he could take pictures of Tracy with the huge black man behind her, his dark hands molesting her tits, his huge cock poking out from between her legs. Then the man bent his knees, took his cock in his hand to aim it at Tracy's horny pussy, and impaled her on it in one smooth thrust. Ben switched to video to film Tracy getting fucked in public, such a great angle showing her entire naked body bouncing on the huge cock fucking her from behind.

In the middle of the dance floor Tracy was getting fucked by a 9inch black cock from behind and Ben slid to his knees, letting his little robe open up to expose his naked body, and he took his cock in one hand and stroked it as he leaned in to lick Tracy's clit while she was being fucked. The combination of the huge cock driving into her, Ben's tongue making circles and flicking her clit, while the ass plug vibrated inside her, with a huge crowd of people watching sent Tracy into another screaming orgasm. Ben was too busy to get this amazing scene on film, as his robe slipped completely off onto the ground, but dozens of strangers were getting it on their phones. This went on for a good 10 minutes, creating a scene and a circle of people on the dance floor all standing around watching Tracy cum and cum and cum. Finally, just as the huge black man was about to cum, his cock slipped out of Tracy's pussy and starting soaking Ben's face in spurt after spurt of thick white hot cum. Tracy grabbed Ben's phone and took pictures of his face covered in a man's sperm.

Both Tracy and Ben had cum covered faces now, as someone reached in and stole Ben's robe off the ground. Now Ben was totally naked, rock hard, face covered in cum, and he still didn't go soft because licking Tracy's clit was such a turnon, and so was getting a sperm facial in front of so many strangers filming it. Ben looked around for his robe but couldn't spot it, so he resigned himself to being naked at the huge party along with Tracy. He didn't wipe any sperm off his face because it felt so kinky dripping down across his eyes and mouth and dripping onto his body. He and Tracy wandered off the dance floor and ended up in a room that had been set up with kink equipment.

When they got to the kink room, the fact that they were the only couple walking around totally naked, oiled and sweaty, hard cock and dripping pussy, faces dripping cum, made the kinksters in the room grab them and pull them into the crowd. Tracy was manhandled (and womanhandled), fingers probing and pushing deep inside her. One person grabbed the end of the butt plug to fuck her with it. They pulled Tracy to a sex swing hanging in the middle of the room, with lights aimed at it and cameras set up on tripods to film whatever happened to people there. They didn't even ask permission and just lifted Tracy into the swing, on her back, legs spread, head unsupported so it could hang back, and lines of horny perverts started forming to fuck Tracy's quivering pussy and mouth. Immediately, again without asking her permission, strangers started fucking Tracy's pussy hard and deep while others leaned her head back so they could throat fuck her. They weren't being gentle, but instead were forcing their cocks all the way down her throat, making her choke and drool and spit up all over her own face. At first Ben was filming Tracy's double penetration in public, including when the men pulled out her butt plug so they could fuck her ass too. Tracy was bound to the swing with Velcro straps while she was brutally fucked deep and hard in every hole. In between throat fucking and having her face and tits drenched in sperm from so many strangers, Tracy looked and saw so many of her friends from the city standing there watching everything. None of them had ever seen her do anything so extreme, especially getting DPd by dozens of complete strangers while a hundred people watched and many filmed.

In the middle of filming all of this happening to Tracy, Ben was grabbed by the group of kinksters and forced to his knees right under Tracy's ass, so his face was right where she was getting fucked over and over. Ben's hands were cuffed behind his back and the butt plug that had been in Tracy was lubed and worked inside Ben's virgin asshole. The drugs and scene were such a gigantic turnon that Ben didn't even struggle and just let the people do this to him. His face was just an inch from Tracy's cum filled pussy, sperm and pussy juices dripping out of her all over his face, as strangers' balls slapped him in the face while they deep fucked Tracy. Then the man who was fucking Tracy pulled out and covered Ben's face with another huge amount of cum. This set off a trend of each man who stepped up to fuck Tracy pulling out and adding to the insane bukkake covering Ben's face and naked body. Things were getting out of hand, as Tracy was strapped to the swing with no way of escape, at least a dozen men already having fucked either her pussy or throat while strangers filmed, and the whole well-lit scene was captured on cameras on tripods. Ben's cock was so hard, but he couldn't even touch it because his hands were cuffed behind his back. Neither of them had any clothes anywhere nearby, and both were drenched in sperm, especially Ben.

This went on for at least a couple hours, as more and more people used them both. Ben was unrecognizable because at least 40 men had covered him in sperm, and Tracy's face was also covered in a half-inch thick layer of sperm and drool. They both also had sperm running out of their mouths, because some men insisted on cumming in Tracy's mouth instead of pulling out to drench her face, and some men who were fucking Tracy's pussy or ass would pull out and fuck Ben's mouth, and some filled his mouth with hot sperm too. Finally, after everybody had used them both, the straps and cuffs were taken off and Ben and Tracy were free to do whatever they wanted.

That was the first time Tracy saw how Ben looked, naked and drenched head to toe in probably more sperm than she was and was shocked by it. The only thing that hadn't happened was that nobody had fucked Ben, although his ass was filled with a vibrating butt plug. Tracy grabbed Ben's phone and turned it on video mode and handed it to one of the kinksters to film. Then she pulled on the strapon dildo, lubed it up with other men's sperm from her own body, and pushed Ben to his hands and knees. She pulled out the butt plug and lined herself up behind him. Ben said he had never been fucked before, but since his asshole was stretched open and lubed from the butt plug, Tracy just shoved the rubber cock in his asshole and started fucking him for the audience. Tracy fucked Ben's ass, slapped his ass while doing it, and just sexually used him for at least 20 minutes while it was being filmed on Ben's phone. Then Tracy flipped Ben onto his back, pushed his legs spread wide, and fucked him missionary style. It wasn't long before it was all too much and Ben came so hard, so much sperm built up over hours of being on edge and shot so much cum so hard that he hit his own face, neck, chest, and stomach. It was after Ben came so hard that Tracy stopped fucking him, then straddled his mouth so he could lick her pussy until she came on his face too.

Both Ben and Tracy stood up, looked around at all the faces, and walked hand-in-hand to the bar for drinks. Both of them completely naked and covered in insane layers of dripping sperm, stayed at the party and drank and danced and had a great time for a few more hours. Never wiping off any cum, they were both naked bukkake models. Eventually they had to leave and called another Uber to pick them up. The first car they called saw them and how covered in cum they were and drove away. They had to get another Uber to agree to drive them.

Through all of this, Ben never fucked Tracy, because he didn't have permission from her husband to do it. But Tracy had definitely fucked Ben, and they were even better friends after that.
