Heather's Crazy Family
By BrettJ (C) 2016


Heather Adamson was totally pissed at her boyfriend - oops,
ex-boyfriend, at her friends and, at the world.

Like, totally.

She'd wanted to go out with her school friend, have some pizza,
shoot the breeze - maybe even pick up a hot guy. She and Dennis
had broken up a few weeks ago. She was horny.

Dennis had a big, veiny, meaty cock and he knew how to use it.
But since he'd gone off to college, he didn't make time for
Heather.  Instead, he figured he'd rather chase the hot college
co-eds.  Heather wasn't happy with that.  Dennis was her fuck
buddy.  The hot little 15-year old had recently started fucking
and become addicted to it.

A lot of her friends had been screwing boys - and some had gotten
into girls.  That was all cool with Heather, but she preferred
quality over quantity.  Dennis had been able to satisfy her
sexually and his departure had fucked up her life.  She was
looking for a suitable replacement who knew what he had and how
to use it.

She sought out the advice of her BFF, Vickie.  Her blonde
(admitted) bimbo friend Vickie had become quite the little slut,
fucking cheerleaders and football players alike, but Heather
wanted the best of them all.  That was Dennis.

And she got him.

She wasn't the hottest girl in school as that honor belonged to
Vickie and her cheerleading squad.  What Heather did have, in
spades, was a curvy, round body, a bouncy little bubble butt,
luminescent green eyes and flaming red hair.  It managed to lure
Dennis' cock into her horny pussy. Over and over again. God, she
had loved fucking the selfish bastard!

And now he was gone.

All her friends had wanted to do was go to a bar with their fake
IDs and get plastered, maybe find someone older and get laid. 
Heather simply wasn't into that. She said goodbye to Vickie,
Nancie and Brittney and went home.

She rubbed her wet pussy before making her way home. She was glad
her Mom was away and her older sister Britt was still at school.
She planned to go home, grab one of her 3 sex-toys - her vibe,
her dildo or the "egg" - and get her rocks off. She'd start with
a nice, slow finger-fuck in the shower and make herself cum, over
and over and over again.

She missed her sister and confidante, but was glad the older,
tall brunette had gotten into a good school.  Britt had been a
straight-A student since they were kids, her 17-year old sis had
skipped a few grades and was now attending a private academy. 
Britt had all the popularity Heather craved and yet, she rarely
dated.  She preferred the company of her many girlfriends, all
who were as popular as Britt and equally good-looking.

Britt had terrible taste in men and her last two boyfriends got
the heave-ho after only a few weeks.  How her gorgeous big
sister, a great-looking, friendly gal of 17, got stuck with a
fucking bunch of losers was beyond Heather's reckoning. If she
was a guy, she'd give Britt the respect she was due.  Her sister
treated all of her friends with respect.

Britt was tall and sleek, with short cropped hair and a body that
commanded attention.  The tall brunette took after her father,
their mom's first husband.  Heather was the daughter of husband #
2, now also gone.  She took after their mom.  Britt possessed the
sexy body of a swimsuit model and she claimed to have posed for
several photographers, though Heather had never seen the
pictures.  She didn't doubt her sister looked sexy in them, Britt
was Heather's ideal - mmmmm!!  The petite redhead would readily
have admitted to having a small girl-crush on her big sis.

"Stop that!" Heather admonished herself.  Lovely Britt was going
to make some lucky guy a great girlfriend, she just wished it
wasn't a guy like that last idiot, Karl. She had even given a
stray thought once to pairing Kari off with Dennis and finding
Britt and herself some nice, but naughty, little fuck boys.

Heather walked at a faster point, her high heels clicking on the
cobblestone pavement.  She was almost home, her fingers still
toying with her pussy through her thong as she quickened her
pace. She was glad she hadn't allowed herself to fall for Dennis,
beyond being their physical relationship.  As a boyfriend, he
didn't amount to much. She wanted to find a new guy soon though,
to fill her itchy pussy.  She wondered if perhaps she dared to
ask her sister to set her up with a guy from her school.  They
talked about sex sometimes, Britt knew the score.  Heather was
positive that Britt would be able to find her a hot stud so she
could blow off some steam - and keep it from their mom!  Brigit
seemed to be cool and was enjoying her singlehood again, but moms
+ daughters + sex talk - nuh-uh!

Heather giggled, she was turning into such a little slut.  She
herself couldn't get over the changes in her personality. In the
last little while, she'd gone from being quiet about sex to
wanting to be fucked all the time. She gave her wet little pussy
one last rub and went through the front door of their spacious
family home.  She thought about taking a dip in the pool, as it
was a hot day in late May, the temperature spiking higher than
normal.

She ran into the house, dropping her clothes in piles as she did
so, kicking off her sexy new heels, a surprise gift from her mom.
Aside from the tiny thong she'd worn, anticipating getting a
guy's attention by shaking her ass, she was totally naked.

She went into the bathroom, wanting to shower. Heather ached to
finger her hot little cunt in the shower as the water ran in
rivulets over her naked body. She wished her shower had one of
those shower massager gizmos.  Vickie had insisted that they were
terrific fun.

She put on a silver Lycra suit and went downstairs to the den
where was stopped dead in her tracks. Britt was sitting there,
clad in nothing but skimpy black lingerie and high, high high
heels.  Her older sister was avidly watching an adult DVD and
fucking herself  with a very large, hard thick rubber dildo.

"Sis! Migod, I thought you weren't coming home for hours.  Oh
God, I'm sorry, let me ..."

Heather giggled and waved her sister's concerns away.  "Chill
Britt, I've got a toy too.  I was actually thinking of using it
after my swim."

"Thought you were going to hang with Vickie and your buds after
school," Britt questioned.  Despite having being caught in the
act, the older brunette seemed really cool with it after.

"All my idiot friends wanted to do is get drunk and get fucked,
so I came home. I thought you were going out with some of your
girlfriends, too?"

"We were out," Britt said, barely disguising the anger in her
voice. "And after dinner, when I suggested we come home and have
some fun, 'cause Mom and Dad were away, the bitch got all uptight
and made me take her home. Man, I have had it with her!"

"Bitch?"  Had Britt been out on a date with another girl? 
Heather wasn't going to let that one go past her.

"Yeah, I'm fucking done with men," Britt confessed.  "I've had a
few dates with women over the last 18 months, enough to convince
me that men are not for me.  Not my thing.  Most of them are
assholes.  Don't get me wrong baby, girls can be shits too, but
my experiences with women have been a great deal more pleasant,"
the leggy brunette confessed.  All that Britt had on was black
lingerie, stockings and really kicky high heels.  Heather didn't
doubt her gorgeous older sister could have anyone she wanted -
girls included!

Still almost-naked, Heather sauntered over to her brother, hips
swaying provocatively. "Mmm, too bad, sister dear!  That girl
doesn't know what she's missing!"  Playfully, Heather grabbed her
sister's beautiful face and pulled Britt's lips to her own for a
deep kiss.

Britt quickly pulled away, but only half-heartedly.  From her
enigmatic smile, Heather knew that she'd provoked a reaction in
her older sibling. "Sis, are you out of your mind?!" Britt had
the presence of mind to say.

"Oh, I'm only messing with you," heather laughed.  "You should
know I'm not serious.  I don't play with girls."

Heather leaned in towards Britt again, and ran her manicured
fingernails over Britt's beautiful face.

Britt shivered and stated "No. This may be the sanest thing
you've done lately and it startled me - but in a good way! 
Listen to me, sis - we are each other's best friend.  We've both
been dating idiots and we are both horny! Why the fuck not do it
with each other - who's going to know?"

Britt had turned the tables on her younger sister.  "But you're
my sister!" The petite redhead was taken aback.

"Again - who's going to know?  If it makes you more comfortable
Heather, you will be far from the first girl I've slept with."

Britt smiled at her and Heather knew she had a lot to learn and
to think about.  A lot of her friends were bi-sexual or doing it
with girls in order to stave off the unwanted advances of boys. 
These were modern times and there was nothing wrong with it,
girls could even marry other girls, if they so chose.  Only the
incest taboo kept Heather at bay, that was a bridge that could
not be uncrossed once certain choices had been made.

Heather made her decision.  She pulled Britt's streamlined body
to her own and kissed her sister.  Why not, was her reasoning.  
Britt smiled with the knowledge that they were going forward. 
The older sister ran her hands down to her sister's trimmed,
fiery-red bush. Britt rubbed her sister's pussy gently and
Heather let out a low moan of approval.

"Oh Heather, you're so wet baby!" Britt moaned as her slender
fingers manipulated stroked Heather's pussy lips.

"I - I didn't know a girl could make me feel this way," Heather
breathed as her legs threatened to betray her.  "I - I want to
get wetter, Britt, this is getting me hot!" She moaned at Britt
softly. "I've always wanted to fuck in the shower, care to get a
little cleaner?"

"Girls can make you feel all sorts of things, princess," Britt
told her sexy kid sister.  "Sure, I'll join you - you'll need
someone to help you with all of those hard to reach places."

Heather wiggled her gorgeous ass at Britt as she ran upstairs to
the bathroom.  Once there, she stepped out of her tiny panties
and pulled the shower curtain aside.  Britt followed suit,
dropping her sexy lingerie to the floor and kicking it to one
side.  Heather gazed at her sister's body for a few minutes,
loving how sleek, tanned and lovely Britt was.  She shouldn't
have been feeling this way about her sister, yet she had always
adored Britt, her confidante, best friend and protector.  In a
way, it made sense that physical desire should be a part of her
emotions.  None of her friends, not even Vickie, compared to
Britt for sheer sexual beauty.  Britt stood before her horny
little sister, proud and magnificent.  Had Britt harbored
feelings for Heather that she had not yet expressed?  The older
brunette joined her sister under the warm spray, she now wore
only a naughty little smile.

Britt's tall, toned body looked amazing when it was wet, her baby
sister knew that from all their swimming together.  It was one of
the ways that the sisters and their still-sexy mom kept in shape.
 Giving herself over to the new experience, Heather lathered her
sister all over.

Heather had learned a trick or two with the fucking she had
already enjoyed.  She teased Britt's supple flesh unmercifully,
wanting to savor the new passion between them and make it last. 
She knew that Britt's pussy ached for her further attentions, but
Heather delayed gratification.  She raked her nails over Britt's
toned flesh, stroking her sister, cupping her gorgeous 32B tits
and cooing words of endearment at her loving sibling.  Heather
was the kind of girl, even at her young age, who committed fully
once she had made her decision.  Loving her sister in this manor
was delicious and she wanted more of it - they both did.

Britt, knowing she needed to show yummy little Heather the best
of times, played with her sister's perky little tits, fondling
them, loving them as she had often dreamed of doing. Her sister's
magnificent young  body had been in her mind often, as they had
shared a room until just last year.  Britt had often jilled
thinking of Heather, but never thought she'd actually do it with
the fiery, horny bitch.  Britt had thought she was out of reach,
the rules of society making it wrong in Heather's mind.

At this moment, neither sister gave a shit.  Heather was horny
and frustrated, Britt was horny and excited.  They both needed
this hot, blistering, incestuous, crazy girl-fuck.

The incestuous duo romped in the shower, lathering, kissing and
licking. Heather boldly buried her face in Britt's pussy,
enjoying the musky, heady aroma of her gorgeous sibling. She
licked and sucked at Britt's cunt, stabbed at her clit and showed
a great deal of promise to her more-experienced sister.  Britt
wasn't surprised at how fast her sister had jumped into the
lesbian scene, Heather was very open-minded and usually made her
decisions in the spur of the moment.  She was very surprised,
happily so, at how good Heather was at this.  She supposed the
innate skills Heather had must have run in their family.

Britt groaned as she grew more urgent with her lusts, rubbing her
juicy pussy against Heathers face.  She was astonished that
Heather wasn't demanding equal treatment and wondered why.  When
Britt unleashed herself with Heather, she vowed to make her baby
sister crave more and more of this kind of love.  Her instincts
still serving her well, nubile young Heather thrust two tiny
fingers into Britt's cunt and began to fuck the brunette with her
fingers.  Britt knew that she too, would want more of this sexing
with her sister.  She yelled and screamed profanities at the
little redhead, they seemed to make Heather go even further. 
Britt adored her kid sister and that adoration was now total. 
Heather might well be the most exciting experience she had ever
experienced and they were only just starting.  Britt only hoped
the water wouldn't run cold as they dallied under the shower
spray.

Heather wanted to surprise her sister and for the most part, she
had succeeded.  Loving Britt was one of the few constants in her
life.  She sought to add to that love and continue it for years
to come.  Binding her sibling to her with shared lust was a good
beginning

Britt spun around and turned the tables on the petite redhead who
was giving so much of herself.  She licked her way down Heather's
wet body, thinking how hot the little one looked with her wet
hair slick against her body.  Heather turned her back to Britt
and Britt surprised her by inserting a dildo into her sibling's
tight, nearly-virginal cunt.  Where had that come from?  Heather
didn't care, her brunette bitch of a sister knew how to use it. 
God, it was even better than her ex.  If girls could fuck girls
this well, Heather was now a convert to girl-sex.

As Britt fucked the rubber cock in and out of her sister's tight
pussy, Heather met Britt's face cock back, moving her buttocks as
her sister fucked her, doggy-style. Her wet hair was plastered
against her back, almost dark red now, she hoped that she
appeared sexy to the beautiful brunette.  She did.  "How the fuck
had she kept from screwing her before?" The older sister
wondered.  She should have, Britt knew.  Societal taboo be
damned, she and Heather were meant to be like this.

Heather was thinking pretty much the same things.  As Britt's
hard rubber dick moved in and out of her tight pussy, all
thoughts of Dennis were moving out of her mind. Her sister's
expertise with fucking made Dennis seem like an amateur. Britt
mixed things up.  Her sister would fuck her hard, slam it in,
then slow down a while, play with her body, roll her against her
own body and teasingly fuck her.

"Oh fuck, oh God, Britt, baby, you're so fucking good, keep
fucking me, don't you ever stop fucking me!" Heather yelled as
his cock continued its erotic ministrations.

The rhythm was no longer anything but savage as her older sister
pounded her hungry, wet cunt. She took every inch of her sister's
sex toy and she begged for more. She tightened her pussy around
it as she'd learned to do, and Britt kept giving her more.

The water was getting cold now, and neither of them seemed to
care. The hard cock pistoned in and out of Heather's heated
pussy, both of them were making enough noise to wake the dead. In
and out, harder and faster, Britt pumped her amazing strap-on
cock inside of her sister's pussy walls.

There was a small node on Britt's side of the toy that rubbed
against her clit.  She yelled out that he was about to cum, and
Heather did something she'd never done with Dennis.  She had an
unassisted orgasm.  After she came, she removed the toy from
Britt and ate her sister's pussy with as much love as she could
possibly convey.  She let all of Britt's juices slide down her
throat.  Heather was now a firm convert to lesbian love,
incestuous lesbian love rocked!

The sister-lovers dried each other off, squeezing, fondling,
enjoying the closeness. Both of them knew this wouldn't be the
last time they would have sex together - not even tonight.  It
was just too good, it felt so right. With their mom gone for
several more hours, they had more opportunities -- and Heather
intended to make the most of them.

"As a matter of fact ..." Heather thought to herself "... I know
a way we can fuck even if mom is around.

She hugged her sister and smiled, knowing her plan would work. 
She didn't see the smile on Britt's face and she didn't know her
scheme was totally unnecessary.
