Best Laid Plans (Chapter Fifteen)

Willow couldn’t stop fidgeting. Or pacing. Or worrying.

Tara was on her way over. Tara, her Tara - or her once-and-not-so-much-future Tara, anyway - was on her way over. And Willow was going to hurt her; Willow was going to hurt her very badly.

Of course, it could be worse. Willow could always tell her the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but, instead of the still painful, but by no means as cruel, kind-of-a-partial-lie that Angel had gifted her with. So at least there was that. But still, no matter how much sugar was in the spoon, the medicine was not likely to taste very good. How could she do this to her girl?

She looked over to where Angel sat, stoic but worried and trying so hard to hide it from her. Oh yeah, that was how. Because Tara wasn’t her girl anymore, Angel was. Well, he wasn’t her girl, because he was a guy, but he was Willow’s and that was the salient point and...was there any reason why she kept explaining herself to herself all the time? Surely she, of all people, knew what she was thinking and what she meant, didn’t she?

Oh heck, at least it kept her slightly distracted, and anything that took her mind off the particulars of what she was about to do was a good thing. Because she was almost in tears and she badly wanted not to cry.

She decided to stop pacing aimlessly and instead pace to a destination: the chair where Angel was sitting.

“You okay?” Not, perhaps, the most eloquent words ever spoken, but hey, if they started a conversation...

“Yeah, you?” Well, at least she and her shiny new boyfriend had parity in the witty banter department.

“For someone who’s about to break someone’s heart, I guess I’m doing reasonably well.” Angel looked a bit stricken by her words and Willow quickly backpedaled. “I mean, yeah, I’m okay.”

Oops. The crestfallen look was still there. When was she ever going to get it right?

“Are you sure about this, Willow. Because, honestly, if you want, I can just leave and...”

Was he looking for a way out? Was that what this was? Was he sad because he felt trapped into being with her?

“And what? We pretend that last night - and this morning - never happened? Is that what you want?” Oh goddess, this was going to hurt so much. After falling so hard and so fast for him (and giving him an anchored soul and her best blow job ever, to boot), was she really going to have to let Angel go? Suddenly, she felt so much more empathy for what Buffy had gone through when...and that was so not the right thing to think about right now.

“No Of course not. Willow, how could you think...?”

“Well you were pretty quick to offer me a way out.”

“Because you seem like you’re unsure about breaking up with Tara and...”

This time it was Willow who broke into laughter. They really were a perfect pair. Who else could match them for insecurity and paranoid hypersensitivity?

Angel stared for a long moment before finally seeing the humour and joining her.

In a few moments, though, their amusement faded; Willow sat on the arm of Angel’s chair and looked down into his eyes.

“Do you think we’ll ever just be okay with this?”

“Give it a week or two, Willow. Once it’s become a long-term relationship, I think we’ll do better.” Angel made a joke? Okay, maybe it was kind of an obvious joke and his timing wasn’t exactly Chris Rock or anything, but still - Angel made a joke? Wow. Cool!

Unfortunately, as was becoming the leitmotif of her life with Angel, she didn’t get the chance to just enjoy the moment. The doorbell rang.

Tara.

Oh goddess, please let this go well.

Her familiar front door loomed before her, now seeming as ominous as the door to some dungeon or torture chamber. Was she dreading this? Oh yeah. But she decided to bite the bullet and open the door. It’s not like pretending she wasn’t there would work anyway. She was pretty sure Tara had seen the car in the driveway and knew someone was in the house.

“Tara. Hi. Um...come on in.”

Tara looked lovely, Willow noticed. It was obvious she’d primped a bit for this visit and the knife in Willow’s gut twisted just a little more. This already hurt - not that it shouldn’t, because Willow was of the firm belief that she really did deserve to suffer for what she was doing to the girl she’d loved so very much. She still loved Tara, in fact...she just wasn’t in love with her. One tiny word - two letters - yet it changed everything, changed Willow’s whole life...and Tara’s and Angel’s too.

“Hi.” Tara addressed Angel shyly as he rose when she entered the living room. It was obvious she was prepared for there to be someone else in the house, but that she was uncomfortable with not knowing who it was.

“Oh. Tara, this is Angel. Angel, this is Tara.” Her current and former lovers didn’t speak, but they nodded, acknowledging the introduction.

Well, at least that wasn’t awkward. Except for the fact that it was.

“So, umm...you’re probably wondering why I asked you to come over and...oh, silly me, would you like to sit down? Can I get you anything to drink? Eat? Anything?” Like a way to avoid having this entire conversation?

“I - I’m fine.” Tara sat on the sofa, looking very nervous and uncertain of what was going on, eyes downcast, as if they were waiting for the tears Willow was about to put in them.

Willow sat a few inches away from her, wanting to take her hand, but wondering how it would look to Angel. This was going to be so tricky.

“I...I guess there’s no really good way to say this, so I’ll just come out and tell you. I wanted you to know first, before Buffy or Xander or anybody...I’m moving to Los Angeles.”

Tara’s head shot up, her eyes wide with shock, those feared tears already glimmering beneath her lashes. “You’re leaving? Why?”

Oh goddess. Why, why, why couldn’t Tara really have met some Wiccan hottie at the Espresso Pump? She didn’t deserve this; she didn’t deserve to be hurt at all.

“You know what a hard time I’ve been having with the magick. And Angel - well Angel Investigations really - they have a place for me. A nice, safe, magick-free place, you know? They need my computer mojo and actually have stuff for me to do that will keep me busy and my mind occupied and...”

“You’re lying.”

Willow turned and looked at Angel. How did she know? What did she know? This was already going more badly than she had anticipated...and it’s not like she’d been optimistic or anything (except for the hoping that Tara had been having a secret fling...but it wasn’t like she had actually believed that would be true).

“I’m not, Tara. Why would you say that?” The best thing to do when caught in a lie? Keep right on lying. Right?

“Willow, I can feel the magick on you. Y-you’ve been doing it again and...I c-can’t believe you thought you could l-lie to me about it.” Tara got up to leave; Willow took hold of her arm to stop her.

“It’s not what you think, Tara. She anchored my soul.” Angel to the rescue. Willow just had to love him...and had to feel more guilt than ever for it. Shouldn’t she break up with Tara first before basking in all this affection for Angel?

Tara sat back down - well, collapsed would be more accurate - on the sofa, gazing at Willow as if she believed that maybe, just maybe, she’d see truth in her eyes. Willow did her best to let it shine through: hoping, however, that all of it that Tara would see would be about the magick.

“Why don’t I tell you the whole story?”

Tara nodded. Willow looked over at Angel, who also nodded, knowing that she was not, in fact, going to tell the whole whole story, and letting her know in his silent way that he was okay with that. Phew.

“I was at the bookstore the other day - you know, the place where we got that cool book on cats for only five dollars and where the clerk who eats string cheese all the time works. Anyway, I was there looking around - I mean, it’s not an occult-y type place or anything so you know I wasn’t looking for a spell book or anything like that - and I saw this book on bass boats - ‘cause, hey, I really do need to find a new hobby and all - and...well...when I went to pick it up, there was this spell book and I didn’t realize and I opened it and...there was the spell to anchor Angel’s soul.”

Willow was nearly gasping for air. Babble gods, wherefore art thou, oh babble gods? But at least Tara was still there, still listening, though Willow thought she’d seen her eyebrow go up when she mentioned the book on bass boats. Was everyone able to raise one eyebrow but her?

And it was so a bass boat guide.

Tara looked expectant so Willow kept going. “I was going to just show the spell to Buffy and have her tell Angel about it, but it could only be cast by the one who cast the soul restoration spell and...well...that’s me. So I called Angel and had him call Buffy and say he needed my computer skills on an emergency case in L.A. and...I guess the rest is kind of easy to figure out.”

It better be because Willow didn’t have enough oxygen to go on.

Unfortunately, Tara was no dummy and it didn’t take her long to realize that there were some huge holes in Willow’s new and improved story. Sometimes it sucked finding intelligence attractive. Why couldn’t she have been like Xander and gone for an airhead like Cordelia? Not that she had anything against Cordelia, seeing as how she was Angel’s seer and all.

“Okay. But why are you moving to L.A.? And why haven't you already told Buffy about Angel's soul?”

Oh. Why hadn’t she prepared for this contingency? Because she really needed a good reason right now - one that didn’t involve hot, naughty fun with a vampire of the opposite sex and being step-mom to his way-too-cute son. She looked back at Angel, hoping he could transmit some idea to her, or at least chime in.

Sadly, looking back at Angel did provide the answer. Tara, after all, really wasn’t the least bit slow on the uptake.

“Oh...oh. I h-have to leave.” She moved to get up again. Willow was quick to stop her.

“Tara, please. Don’t go. Not like this. Please let me explain.”

“Explain what?” Tara’s tears were falling freely now and she was looking at Willow as if she’d just been shot through the heart. Which was appropriate, because really, Willow had pretty much done that to her. “That you...a-and Angel...” She stood, pale as death, but at least staying put, her eyes never leaving Willow’s face. It was obvious she couldn’t bear to look at Angel.

“I never - we never - meant for this to happen. You have to believe me. It just...did. I never wanted anyone but you and I wasn’t looking for anyone else and Angel even had a thing for Cordelia before I showed up but...something happened and...oh goddess, Tara...I am so sorry. I know you must hate me and I don’t blame you, because I hate me. After everything I’ve done to you...this is just...but it just shows that I’m nowhere near good enough for you and obviously you’re going to find someone better and...” She looked into Tara’s eyes. “This is so not helping, is it?”

“I need...I n-need to go, Willow. Okay?”

“I love you.” She meant it. There was a place in her heart that would always be Tara’s. She just hoped that someday that would mean something to the one who would always be “her girl.”

“I won’t say anything.”

They didn’t deserve that. She didn’t deserve that. But she was grateful, and it made her feel worse than ever about hurting Tara.

“That’s not why I said it.”

Tara didn’t reply, and when she went to leave, this time Willow didn’t stand in her way. The click of the door closing sounded like thunder in the silent room.

It did not stay silent for long.

Within moments, Willow was sobbing in Angel’s arms. She was the worst, most evil, horrible person in the whole world. She wouldn’t be surprised if Angel dumped her after seeing what she did to sweet, wonderful Tara. Of course, logically, since this was all for Angel, he probably wouldn’t think she was so terrible, but logic wasn’t really ruling Willow’s head right now.

“What have I done?” she wailed.

“What you had to do.” He was rubbing circles on her back as he held her. “And for what it’s worth, I think it’s better that she knows the truth. She’ll be able to move on, knowing that you’re really out of her life.”

“Then why do I feel like I just set fire to an animal shelter or something?”

“Because you love her. I understand that. We don’t stop loving people...it just changes sometimes.”

“I know...it’s just...why can’t it change for both people at the same time?”

“I don’t know.”

Honesty really sucked. Couldn’t he have made up something wise and comforting? Maybe lied and said he’d seen something in Tara’s eyes that suggested she really didn’t love Willow anymore? Not that it wouldn’t have hurt, too, but still...

They stayed quiet for a short while, Willow’s tears gradually drying up as Angel held her and comforted her with his embrace.

Of course, given their chemistry, the embrace didn’t stay comforting for long - well, it was still comforting, just not in quite the same way. Because there was now kissing and tongues and hands in non-platonic places and...was it wrong that she was making out with Angel right after dumping Tara? She sort of thought that answer might be yes so she gently moved to stop things before they got X-rated.

“Angel, I...”

“Bad time?”

“Yeah, kind of...I mean, Tara just left and I think maybe I ought to observe some sort of mourning period or something. Like at least an hour or two.” She looked at him and hoped he was okay about this. “Are you mad?”

He kissed the top of her head. “No, I’m not mad. Besides, we have to be prepared to face Buffy and Xander later.” He grew thoughtful. “We’d better allow for the possibility that Tara is going to tell them what happened here today.”

“She won’t.”

“Willow...”

“Look, Angel, you want me to take your word about Cordelia? Fine. Then take mine when it comes to Tara. She said she wouldn’t say anything. That means she won’t. Simple as that.”

“Okay. I’m sorry, I just...”

“You don’t know Tara. I get that and it’s okay. Just trust me.”

“I do. With all my heart.”

If he kept looking at her like that, her one hour mourning period was going right out the window. And thinking about fishing didn’t seem to help. Her hormones needed to take a break.

“We’d better just hope that the ‘I’m moving to L.A. to be net girl again’ story goes over more successfully this time.”

“Somehow, I think it will. It’s not like Buffy or Xander can pick up on magick. And I seriously doubt that Spike will want to ruin his own thing with Buffy by sharing the news about my soul.”

Spike. Poor Spike. Willow only hoped that time, along with Angel’s absence and eternal unavailability, would help Spike finally win the heart of the girl he loved. Buffy could be happy with him; Willow was sure of that.

“I better go make the calls and get everyone to meet us at the Magick Box tonight.”

“Good idea.” He looked...worried.

“What’s wrong?”

“I just...I don’t want anything to go wrong. I don’t want...”

Oh no. He was worried about hurting Buffy. Did he want to back out? He’d said he wanted to be with her, but had seeing Tara’s heartbreak given him second thoughts?

“What is it, Angel?” She couldn’t ask the rest of her questions, she just couldn’t.

He hesitated and Willow’s terror continued to mount as she prepared for the words that would destroy her dreams. “I don’t want Xander and Buffy to talk you into staying here.”

Huh? That’s what he was worried about? Oh goddess. She could kiss him. Maybe slap him first for making her go through so much angst, but she would kiss him right after.

“Angel, you have nothing to worry about. They will not talk me out of leaving with you.”

“Willow, I’d understand. I mean, this is your home, you’ve lived here all your life, and they are your best friends.”

“My home is with you now, okay? I love you. And that means, where you go, I go. Got it?”

He looked somewhat convinced, but not entirely. Though Willow had a feeling he was playing the doubt up a bit.

“What can I do to convince you.” Angel’s eyebrow rose and Willow was pretty sure it wasn’t the only portion of his anatomy to move in that direction right now. Why on Earth had she said that? Because having made the offer...

To her surprise, though, he made no move to take her up on it. “You’re still in mourning, but I’ll take a rain check.”

Angel had to be the best, most understanding boyfriend ever.

“Besides, you have some phone calls to make.” Or maybe he was just a sadist.

Tbc...