Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Sixteen: Futa Rescue! Saving the Enchanting Cutie
Summary: Virginia and her harem of futas have to save the mind-controlled Saffron.
Keywords: hhhhhh hhh hh mc anal rim creampie inc fantasy magic gamelit inter voy exhib orgy A2M

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Saffron Homewood

Somehow, my evil twin sister, the Dark One who was the enemy of sexy Mistress Vixen, had seen right through my ruse. Instead of me fulfilling my Mistress's orders and sowing discord amid the forces of darkness, I was lured into a trip.

Squealing futas rushed at me from all sides. They were naked and hard, all my twin sister Virginia's minions, under her bewitching spell. I gasped as they seized me before I could escape. I was a master thief. I could sneak, steal, and tumble with the best of them, but not even I could escape all the naked futas who grabbed me.

They seized my arms. Girls fell to their knees and hugged my legs, boobs spilling around my thighs. Two hugged me from behind. They were all around me, shouting and squealing. Futa-dicks rubbed into my body, my own thrusting out hard before me.

I had failed the gorgeous and beautiful and divine Mistress Vixen. My asshole clenched, full of her amazing cum. She had gifted me with her futa-seed and trusted me on this very important mission. I sagged. I had failed her. 

She would hate me.

The tears came.

I started shaking. Sobbing. I wailed with the shouting futas. I was such a fuck-up. Virginia should have trusted me. She should have believed my lies about there being a traitor in her harem. We had shared a womb. We’re as close as two people could be. And now she ordered me captured.

She would torture me. Do evil things to me. Keep me from going to my Mistress Vixen and begging for her help. 

“What is going on?” Lada cried, ripping her girl-cock out of Luana's cunt, cum dripping out of the girl's pussy while her futa-dick throbbed. “Why did you order us to grab Saffron, Virginia?”

“There's something wrong with my sister,” Virginia said. She pointed at me. “I know her as well as myself, and she's not acting normal. She's saying weird things. Lying about loving me. Pretending that she cares. And then she tried to say there was a traitor in my harem. I don't know if this is an impostor or... or... or if Ella did something to her.”

“She did go off to spy on Ella,” said Brígida, her hands on her hips. “Suspicious. Very, very suspicious.”

“Indeed,” Aria said. “Allow me to investigate.”

“P-please,” I sobbed. “I'm sorry. Just let me go. I won't come back. I just don't love you, Virginia. I hate you. I've always hated you. You're so evil. I can't stand to be around you.”

“Wow, that totally isn't Saffron,” Lada said. “Aria, do your thing.”

Aria stepped up before me. The Black girl cupped my face. I shuddered at how foul it was. This was the High Priestess of the Dark One. She served the Seven Demons. I trembled, not wanting to be touched by such evil.”

“Taari, Goddess of the Night and Mistress of Secrets,” prayed Aria, crying out to one of the Seven Demons. “She who hides and conceals, reveal what is hidden in Saffron's soul.” 

Silver light flared between us. I closed my eyes, quivering against it. This was horrible. “Don't bathe me in evil moonlight!” I cried out. “Please, please, I don't want to be tainted!”

“Don't be a baby, Saffron,” Lada said. “We're helping you.”

“We're going to fix you,” Virginia said. “You'll be all better. I promise you.”

“Oh, my,” said Aria, ripping her hands away. “She's been touched by a futa-succubus. A foul servant of the Demon Lord. She's under a spell. The real her is locked away.”

“How do we break it,” asked Virginia.

“In her asshole, Aria said, shaking her head. “The futa-succubus has pumped her full of cum. It has to be suckled out of her and then your blessed cum must be pumped into her asshole to break it.”
“NOOOOO!” I shouted. “Please, please, no!”

“Uyaav Dakap!” chanted Brígida.

“I don't—” My words cut off. I could still move my mouth, but no sound escaped my lips.

“That was going to get tiresome, Mamacita,” Brígida said, the Hispanic futa pushing up her glasses. “Now she's silenced.”

“So, how do we fix her?” Virginia asked. 

“I must be anointed in the essence of life,” Aria said. “My priestesses, gather around me.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Aria Dennell

I knelt before all my priestesses. They formed a circle around me. I shuddered, naked and ready. My beaded braids clacked as they settled into place. I looked at them and then drew in a deep and concentrating breath.

“Natsi, Goddess of the Breasts and Mistress of Healing, anoint me in your blessing. From the breasts, comes life. The first meal of a baby. Let my priestess drench me in that wondrous cream.”

My priestess all gasped in shock, their breasts growing larger. Even busty Avice's tits blossomed in size. They grew rounder, plumper. Their nipples were fatter. Then the milk beaded at their nipples. White droplets adorning pink, brown, and red nubs.

“Shower me in our goddess's blessing,” I moaned, closing my eyes. “Purify my body and make me ready to draw out the evil in dear Lady Saffron.”

“Yes, High Priestess Aria!” my ten priestesses moaned together.

They all grabbed their boobs. Blonde Charlee squeezed her tits and brunette Evelyn massaged hers. Chelle and Tamera, Pita and Jie. Karrie, Georgiana, Alice, and Larissa all squeezed their breasts together.

Milk squirted from twenty nipples. I lifted my head and opened my mouth. The streams of milk splashed over my dark body. I shuddered as the breast milk splashed on my face, my round breasts, on my back and stomach. Droplets landed in my mouth.

I tasted the sweet blessing of Natsi. It was such a delight to feel the cream running down my body. My cunt clenched and futa-dick throbbed. The milk drenched me. I groaned as the hot rivulets ran over my tits and down to my black bush. 

“Oh, yes, yes, anoint me!” I moaned, feeling the blessing of my goddess raining down on me. It was wonderful.

My priestesses moaned as they anointed me. They coated me in all that wonderful cream. I quivered, savoring it spilling hot over my flesh. It ran down my back. It dripped from my nipples. A big smile spread on my lips.

I swayed there, groaning at how hot it was to have my body anointed in all that wonderful cream. More fell in my mouth. I gulped it down, my futa-dick throbbing and aching. I felt the moment happen when the white cream had utterly purified me.

I would not be tainted by the succubus's futa-seed.

“Bend her over so that I might devour the cum from her asshole,” I moaned. “And Lady Virginia, you must fuck my pussy at the same time. I must coat you in the power of our goddesses.”

“Of course,” Virginia said.

My girls' breasts shrank back to their normal size, the blessing on them ending. They panted and moved away as Lada barked orders. Her cheerleaders manhandled the squirming Saffron and plopped her down for me. They held her down so she was kneeling with her face down and ass up, thrusting right at me.

“Adna, Goddess of the Egg and Mistress of Life,” I prayed. “You are the beginning of all things. The foundation of everything. Bless my pussy with the power to rebuild the foundation of Saffron's life and undo the evil taint of the futa-succubus.”

My pussy tingled as the blessing fell on me. Adna had answered my prayers. I felt the ovulation occur. I would conceive my futa-wife's baby today. It was necessary to ward her spell and bring back Saffron.

I would be a mommy!

I grabbed Saffron's butt-cheeks and parted them. I stared at her asshole and bent over. My beaded braids pilled over her rump before my face dove into the White futa's crevice. I found her sphincter and kissed her sour hole. I swirled my tongue around it. 

Her butt-cheeks clenched on my face. 

Virginia's cock pressed through my bush to rub against the blessed folds of my pussy. I shuddered at the delight of her magnificent cock nuzzling into my folds. She gripped my hips and thrust into my cunt with a hard plunge.

“Aria!” she gasped, her clit-dick sliding so deep into my twat.

“Lady Virginia!” I moaned against her twin sister's asshole.

I licked that naughty asshole. I rimmed her as Virginia bottomed out in me. Her wonderful futa-cock filled my pussy to the brim. I loved how she throbbed in me. I clenched down on her and then groaned as she drew back. 

A shiver ran through me, this hot and naughty delight. My cunt squeezed down around her, while my futa-cock twitched and throbbed. Then she buried back into my pussy. I moaned into Saffron's asshole, that wonderful shaft stretching me out.

My round breasts dripped with milk as she pumped away at me. I thrust my tongue against Saffron's asshole. She squeezed and relaxed her butt-cheeks on me while clenching her asshole. She tried to keep me out.

I popped into her sour depths and tasted salty futa-cum.

“Ooh, Aria,” moaned Virginia as she drew back her hips. My fertile pussy clung to her dick. It was such a delight.

Then she slammed back into me. My futa-cock swayed beneath me. I scooped out the sour-flavored cum from Saffron's asshole, warded from the succubus's magic by Natsi's blessing. I thrust my tongue back into that sour hole, swirling my tongue around in her.

Virginia pumped away at me. Her hands stroked over my milk-coated body. The delight slowly dried on me as my blessed pussy clenched about her cock. Her futa-dick drove hard into me, sending pleasure rippling through me. The ache built and built at the tip of my futa-cock bobbing between my thighs.

I moaned into Saffron's asshole.

“Ooh, yes, yes, Aria,” gasped Virginia s she pumped away at me. “That's so good. You're going to get a pussy full of my cum.”

I found that to be so exciting.

She thrust away at me with such passion. My pussy savored her futa-cock drilling into my depths. It was so hot to feel. Pussy cream ran down my cock and dribbled to the tip that ached to burst. My naughty tongue scooped out more and more of the futa-succubus's cum. The naughty demon wouldn't keep her hold on Saffron.

Her butt-cheeks wiggled, but the cheerleaders kept her down. Lada was back to fucking her next one to induct her into the harem while Virginia plunged her girl-cock into me over and over again. It was such a delight.

“Mmm, that's so hot to watch,” Ocean said. The cheerleader was one of the futas holding down Saffron. “Just tonguing that ass, hey, Aria.”

“While getting fucked by Queen Virginia,” said Ejiro, the other cheerleader. “You are so lucky to be one of Her Majesty's wives.”

“I am,” I moaned and thrust my tongue back into the earthy delight of Saffron's asshole.

I couldn't taste any cum in her, but I knew there was more. So I sealed my lips around her asshole and suckled. I nursed hard on it. Saffron's butt-cheeks clenched tight about my face. If she could make any noise, I knew she would be moaning and groaning.

I was. 

Virginia's cock pumped faster and faster in me. Her hands grabbed my breasts. She squeezed them as she buried her cock to the hilt in me. It was fantastic. I loved it so much as I nursed the salty futa-cum out of Saffron's bowels, the ache nearing the explosive point at the tip of my cock. My ovaries quivered with all of the cum in them.

“Oh, Aria, yes, yes!” Virginia moaned.

I shuddered, savoring that heat building and building in my twat and at the tip of my cock. She fucked my fertile cunt with such hard strokes. I would have such a big futa-orgasm. Just a mighty burst of pleasure that would fire from my dick. I wiggled my ass, wanting her to flood me with all that cum lurking in her ovaries. She would breed me. 

She groaned, her crotch smacking into my rump. I suckled out more and more demonic futa-cum. The salty jizz spilled over my tongue. It was such a delight to enjoy. I nursed on her with all my passion. My tongue thrust into her bowels. I stirred around in her, gathering up the last of the cum that I had drawn out.

“She's ready for you!” I moaned. “Cum in me, Lady Virginia. Breed me!”

“Yes!” Virginia gasped as she slammed into me.

My pussy went wild. My futa-cock exploded with rapture. She buried into me, fucking my spasming flesh while my cum splattered the floor. Some drops spilled on my thighs. Virginia squeezed my tits.

“Aria!” she cried out.

Her cum exploded into me. Spurt after spurt of her jizz splashed into my pussy as my cock erupted over and over again. She soaked my womb with her futa-seed. I whimpered, knowing that the magic of conception was about to happen. 

I felt the miracle as my orgasm swept through me. Wave after wave of rapture shot through me. It was incredible. My thoughts melted with such delight. I whimpered, my cunt sucking at her clit-dick. I worked out every drop of cum.

“Ooh, yes, yes, Lady Virginia!” I moaned. “Adna's blessed egg, yes, yes, flood me with all your cum!”

“Oh, I am!” she moaned, her cock spurting more and more of her seed into me.

My pussy milked her cock, the blessing settling on her dick to break the spell on Saffron. I quivered there, my mind melting from all these delights. My cock fired a final blast of cum while my twat worked out the last of Virginia's seed. I groaned as I came down from my high.

“You are ready, Lady Virginia, to break the hold on Saffron,” I moaned, lifting my face from between Saffron's butt-cheeks. “Pound her in the ass and break the spell upon her. She needs you.”

“I will not fail my sister,” Virginia said and ripped her girl-dick out of my bred cunt.

I smiled in delight, my hands falling to my stomach coated in milk. I would have the Futa-Heroine's baby. I was so blessed. It was all my dreams come true. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

Ocean and Ejiro held Saffron down. This felt so weird. My sister had been enchanted. Anger swelled in me. I couldn't have that. I dropped to my knees behind her, my cock soaked in Aria's pussy juices. She had me all nice and lubed for this moment.

I pressed my cock into my sister's butt-crack. I slid up and down her crevice to find her asshole. I felt it, that naughty hole that I had to penetrate. The thing that did this to her had fucked her in the ass. Fucked my twin sister in the ass.

“I'll save you, Saffron!” I cried and thrust.

My sister's asshole stretched and stretched before the force of my passion. I groaned as I felt her anal ring expanding. She widened and widened. Then I popped into her bowels. I sank into her flesh. I shuddered as I felt her flesh engulfing my dick. 

“Yes, yes, yes,” I gasped, feeling her flesh surround me. It was incredible to have that tight hole swallowing my dick. “Oh, Saffron, I'm going to fuck all the evil out of you.”

She thrashed harder, her bowels clenching around me. Then she shuddered as I bottomed out in her. I had every inch of my futa-dick buried into my sister's asshole. Her hot flesh surrounded me. Engulfed me. 

I smiled as I drew back my cock. Her flesh held me. That wonderful, velvety sheath massaged my dick. My round breast jiggled while around me, my futas fucked. They moaned and gasped and loved each other.

Futa-mages fucked futa-cheerleaders who fucked futa-priestesses. Brígida was getting pounded from behind by Tamera. Aria had a big smile on her lips as she impaled herself down Suzan's big futa-dick. It was so hot.

“Oh, yes, Saffron,” I moaned, my crotch smacking into her rump. My blonde hair danced around my shoulders. “Ooh, this is amazing. Keep squeezing your bowel around me. You're going to make me cum.

“And I'm going to make you explode!” gasped Saffron.

“You are, Your Majesty,” moaned Ocean. The cheerleader licked her lips and then ducked her head down. She latched onto my nipple. I gasped at that. She nursed hard.

The pleasure shot down to my cunt and then up to my futa-cock burying into my twin sister's bowels. The incestuous rush of fucking the girl I loved the most rippled through me. I pumped away at her asshole. I plowed deep and hard into her.

My head tossed from side to side. I buried into her cunt with such passion. This was amazing. A big grin spread on my lips as I plunged to the hilt in her. Saffron groaned, her bowels clenching about me hard.

“Yeah, you want to cum on my dick, don't you?” I moaned, Ocean still suckling at my nipple. “You want to explode, Saffron.”

She tossed her head and stared at me over her shoulder. Her eyes were so hot.

“I can tell,” I moaned. “We're twins. The same!” 

The ache built and built with every thrust into her bowels. I slid my hand around her waist and found her own futa-cock. She was so hard. I stroked up and down her. She shuddered, her back arching and her bowels gripping my cock.

It was such a delight to enjoy. I pumped away at her. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. My pussy clenched, the heat rising inside of me. I slammed to the hilt in her, rising towards that big burst of pleasure.

“Yes, yes, yes!” I gasped. “Oh, my god, I'm going to explode all my cum in you and save you.”

“You will, Lady Virginia!” gasped Aria as she rode Suzan's cock.

“Hell yeah, Queen Virginia,” moaned Lada as she fucked her cheerleader. “Save Saffron. Free that cute idiot.”

Ocean moaned around my nipple as she kept suckling. Ejiro grinned at me, such lust in her cute face. I grinned back at her as I plowed into my sister's asshole, the heat melting up my shaft to soak through my cunt, my ovaries brimming with the futa-seed that would save my twin sister.

Every thrust brought me closer and closer to that magical moment of saving my twin sister. Her tight bowels gripped my cock. I could tell she was building to her orgasm. Her body remembered who she loved even if that evil futa-succubus-cunt-whore-bitch tricked her.

I had never been so angry in my life.

I pumped away with such lust. Such virile power. I buried my girl-cock to the hilt in her asshole. I plunged deep and hard into her. She groaned, squeezing her flesh around my cock. It was amazing to feel. I groaned, burying over and over into her bowels. I thrust hard into her. Fast. I plunged to the hilt in her bowels. 

“Oh, I'm going to save you!” I moaned. “I'm going to show that horrible cunt that you are no one's slave!”

“You'll do it, Your Majesty!” Ejiro said then she ducked her head down and joined Ocean in nursing at my nipple.

I had two hotties suckling at me. It was incredible to feel. I groaned, loving the feel of their mouths on my nipples. It was fantastic. Just an amazing delight. They nursed on me with passion. My cunt clenched as the heat built and built in my ovaries. I slammed hard into my twin sister's bowels.

Her flesh squeezed about me in such an exciting way. It was fantastic to enjoy. I groaned, my back arching. This was the pleasure I loved. I shuddered, nearly on the verge of erupting into her bowels. I would flood her with everything I had.

“Yes, yes, yes, Lady Virginia,” moaned Aria as she worked her cunt up and down Suzan's futa-dick. The Black and sexy futa beamed at me, her breasts coated in creamy milk. “You can do it.” 

“I can!” I gasped and slammed into her asshole.

Her flesh squeezed about me in such an exciting way. I groaned at that. It was awesome. This amazing pleasure that rippled through me. I threw back my head. My hair danced down my back as I came so close to erupting.

Saffron came first.

Her head snapped up. Her mouth opened wide as she cried out in soundless passion. Her bowels rippled around my dick. I groaned, savoring that wonderful feeling. It was incredible to have her flesh rippling about me. 

“Yes, yes, yes!” I moaned, burying into my twin sister's taboo bowels. “I love you!”

I fired my futa-seed, brimming with all my feelings for my sister, into her convulsing asshole. My breasts heaved while my pussy spasmed. Juices spilled hot down my thighs, and waves of delight washed through my body. Jolts of ecstasy shot through them.

I gripped my sister's hips as the joy of cumming as a futa shot through me. I fired blast after blast of girl-jizz into her bowels. She trembled. The two cheerleaders nursed so hard on my nipples. I groaned, loving this pleasure.

“Oh, Saffron, I'm saving you!” I cried out and felt the magic pumping into my sister.

The power of Adna, Goddess of the Egg, flooded into my sister's bowels. I quivered there, her flesh milking me. She worked out every drop of cum that was in my ovaries. I shuddered, my heart pounding so hard.

Please, please, please, save my sister! I cried out to the Seven Harmonious Goddesses in my mind. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

My sister's cum jetted into my spasming asshole.

I groaned without making a sound thanks to the treachery of Brígida's foul spell. Despite my love for Mistress Vixen, I had climaxed like a complete whore on my evil sister's cock. Now her dark futa-seed pumped into me.

I shook my head as my own cock spurted. Blasts of jizz splashed the floor, the cum splattering my little titties. My pussy spasmed and my asshole milked my sister's cock. Her cum polluted the holy hole that Mistress Vixen had come in. 

She was the best. So pretty and beautiful and... and...

Every spurt of my twin sister's cum eroded my worship of Mistress Vixen. Every blast made her less and less beautiful. I gasped. I felt like a ship that had been run a ground, but now the tide was lifting me back up and carrying me away from such a perilous mooring.

I wasn't Mistress Vixen's. Aghh, she wasn't even a mistress. She was a demon. A nasty, evil succubus who had tricked me. Me!

She buried my love for my twin sister beneath this cloying, sickening worship. I had been like a love-sick twit cooing over a boy band. I wanted to retch. My sister's cum fired a final blast of jizz into my asshole. 

I shuddered, the two cheerleaders holding me down. I squirmed. I opened my mouth, shouting out words, but no one could hear me. I got it. I was out of control, but now I was free. My twin sister had saved me.

“Oh, yes, yes, it has worked,” moaned Aria. Her cock spurted as she came, splashing Suzan's boobs. “Release your spell on her, Brígida. Our wife has come back to us.”

“Vaayu Pakad,” she chanted and suddenly I was able to talk.

“Oh, my fucking god, I'm going to kick her ass!” I hissed. “That fucking Vixen. She ambushed me when I was spying on Ella and turned me into her little butt-girl bitch! I can't believe I thought you were evil, Virginia. You're not evil. You're fucking awesome.”

The cheerleaders released me. I turned around, her cock sliding out of my asshole that swam with her jizz. My sister's incestuous jizz filled me up. I came face to face with her, my green eyes staring into her blue.

“I'm so glad you're not an idiot!” I gasped, throwing my arms around her. “Ugh, I must not have really been giving it my all, or I would have totally tricked you.”

“That's right,” Virginia said, hugging me back. Her round boobs pressed into my small tits. “You were only mostly under her control. I could tell. I know you.”

“Damn straight,” I said, the other girls clapping and cheering (or moaning as they climaxed) around us.

I kissed my sister. Such warmth burst through my chest. Here was the girl I loved with all my heart. We had been together all our lives! We were made for each other in Mom's womb. No dumb succubus could break us apart.

I was so angry, but I also couldn't stop kissing my sister's lips. She felt so good against me. I groaned, my tongue dancing with hers. This was amazing to feel. She whimpered, kissing me back with such passion.

Her tongue danced with mine. I loved that. I kissed her back with such passion. We dueled, our tongues dancing together. She tasted so good in my mouth. I loved every moment of it. I savored every last second of kissing her.

Then I broke it and ducked my head down. “I love this cock!” I grabbed her dirty dick, smelling my ass on it. “Not that cunt-bitch-whore succubus's dick! My sister's!”

I opened my mouth wide and swallowed her cock. I nursed on her with passion. I suckled hard, buffing off my earthy musk. It was such a naughty delight to do. I savored the taste of my asshole on her cock.

I bobbed my head. I wormed my mouth up and down her clit-dick. My twat and asshole clenched, her cum dribbling out of my sphincter and running down my taint. Pussy cream dribbled down my hard shaft.

Virginia gripped the sides of my head and moaned. “Oh, Saffron, I love you so much. Ooh, and they're going to pay for what they did to you!”

Oh, yes, they would pay.

I suckled hard and fast. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down her clit-dick. I savored cleaning off the naughty flavor. Hands grabbed my butt-cheeks as I blew my sister. I suckled hard on her cock.

A tongue licked at my taint, gathering the futa-cum that had leaked out. The naughty futa nuzzled into my butt-crack, her glasses nudging against my asscheeks. It was Brígida. I could just tell that naughty, Hispanic beauty was licking and lapping at my sphincter, gathering the cum that leaked out.

She wasn't wasting a drop.

Good for her.

I moaned around my sister's futa-cock. It was so hot having Brígida tongue my asshole. She rimmed me. Her hand grabbed my clit-dick. She stroked up and down my pussy-soaked shaft. I shuddered every time she brushed the crown.

I suckled harder. Drool ran down my chin as I slurped on that dirty dick. The sour flavor of my asshole faded. My tongue danced around her shaft, buffing her clean off my ass. It was so naughty to do. Especially with Brígida drilling her tongue against my asshole.

She popped into my bowels.

I shuddered as she danced around in my asshole then scooped up the cum.

“Mmm, Brígida, my sister loves what you're doing to her,” purred Virginia. “Ooh, she's sucking with such passion. Oh, I love feeling her humming around my cock.”

What a coinkidink, I loved humming around her cock.

I moaned, savoring Brígida's naughty tongue fluttering around in my bowels. A wicked heat rushed through me. My face contorted from the delight of that naughty tongue. She danced it around in me and scooped out the cum in my bowels.

It was such a fascinating delight to feel her tongue probing into me. My futa-cock throbbed and ached. I moaned around my sister's girl-cock. I nursed on her with all the force I had. I wanted to gulp down all her yummy cum. That would be amazing.

She moaned, thrusting her cock in and out of my mouth. My sister skull-fucked me, and I loved it. she moaned, her boobs bouncing over my head. They were so sexy to watch. I loved the sight of them heaving. It made me shiver in delight.

“Oh, that's so good,” she moaned. “Oh, Saffron. My naughty sister!”

Drool ran down my chin. I suckled hard. The sweet aroma of her pussy juices filled my mouth. They were so wonderful to inhale as I buffed the last of my sour asshole off her girl-cock. Or, at least, the parts I could reach.

“I'm going to cum!” Virginia moaned. “Saffron, I love you!”

Hot, incestuous cum pumped into my mouth. The salty delight melted across my taste buds. It was such a thrill to gulp down her jizz. I swallowed every drop of it, loving every moment of gulping down her cum. I whimpered, my hips wiggling from side to side as I drank her spunk. It was fantastic.

“Yes!” she squealed. 

I kept drinking down her cum as Brígida licked my asshole. She made me tingle. The hot jizz poured down my throat. It melted into my stomach where it belonged. I felt so happy to be free. This was such a wonderful day.

My sister fired the last blast of her wonderful cum into my mouth. She panted, her breasts rising and falling. The air filled with gasps and moans and shooting cum. The orgy writhed around us. So many futas were fucking and sucking. A daisy chain of them was blowing each other. Another formed a line of five futas all fucking into the one before them while the lead girl, Joann, was getting her cock sucked by Mackenzie. And she was being fucked by Seo-Hyun. 

It was so hot.

My sister pulled her cock out of my mouth. She cupped my chin and kissed me with such aggression. I groaned as she pushed me back. Brígida squeaked as she ripped her mouth away. Then my sister was on me, her boobs pressing into mine, our cocks nuzzling tight. They throbbed together. I shuddered, my small titties drinking in the feel of her nipples.

They brushed.

Sparks flared.

I whimpered, kissing her harder and harder. I wanted her cock in me. I wanted her ramming into my cunt. That would be amazing. I shuddered, a big grin on my face as my tongue danced with my sister's. 

Then she shifted. I shuddered, knowing she was about to fuck me. We were about to unite again. I loved being one with my twin sister. Just like we had been one in the womb. The tip of her cock slid down my dick until she was nuzzling into the folds of my pussy.

My sister thrust.

I squealed into her mouth as her futa-cock buried to the hilt in my twat. My clit-dick throbbed between our smooth bellies as her cock penetrated deeper and deeper into my cunt. It was such an exciting delight.

My pussy clung to her shaft. I drank in the friction, my hands grabbing my sister's ass. An orgy raged around us, and yet I felt it was just the two of us, our boobs pressed tight. I could feel her heart beating in rhythm with mine.

I broke the kiss and moaned, “Virginia! Oh, Virginia, yes, yes, pump that dick in my cunt.”

“My Saffron,” she moaned, her blue eyes shining above mine.

I loved it when she said “My Saffron.” I grinned at her. “Damn straight.” I smacked her rump as she drove her cock into me. “Now pound me. Really give it to me good. Fuck me way, way, way better than that skank futa-succubus did. She was so pathetic.”

My sister beamed at me and thrust harder.

She drove her girl-cock into me, my pussy drinking in the friction. Her futa-dick pistoned in and out of my cunt, driving to the hilt in me over and over again. That was so amazing. The pleasure rushed up to the tip of my cock. It built and built there.

I couldn't wait to shower us both in cum.

My fingernails bit into her ass as she drove her futa-cock into me. Her sisterly dick drove me wild. She pumped to the hilt in me again and again. She buried deep and hard. I shuddered on her, loving the way her twat buried into me. It was such a fascinating delight.

I groaned, squeezing my cunt down on her. I held her tight. She buried to the hilt in me again and again. I whimpered, savoring that delight of her ramming into me. I wrapped my thighs around her waist and bucked into her thrusts.

“Yes, yes, yes,” I groaned. “That's how you fuck your sister! Ooh, just like that! Pound me!”

SMACK! 

“Saffron!” she gasped, driving her cock hard into my cunt. “Ooh, you are such a brat. You know that.”

“That's why you love me,” I purred, savoring her girl-cock ramming into me.

She grinned. “Yes!” She slammed into me. “I love my bratty, annoying twin sister with all my heart.” She buried hard into me. “And her tight cunt.”

“And my big futa-dick?”

“And her big futa-dick!” she gasped, plowing into me. 

I shuddered at the joy of her cock burying into me, my cunt clenching down on her big dick. She rammed deep into my twat, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. My ovaries grew so tight with that big burst of cum that would erupt from them.

Our nipples kissed. I gasped as the sparks of electricity that shot down to my cunt. I clamped down on her cock, the friction swelling my bliss. My cock twitched between us, precum leaking out and pooling on my stomach. My thighs held her as I humped against her.

She buried into me so hard. I couldn't take much more of my awesome twin sister's cock. I kissed her with hunger. I thrust my tongue into her mouth as she buried her futa-dick to the hilt in my juicy cunt. The pleasure burst in me.

I came.

My pussy convulsed around her girl-cock. Hot jizz spurted from my shaft, splashing our boobs pressed tight. She moaned as she drew back her clit-dick through my spasming sheath. She slammed back into me.

Erupted.

Hot cum jetted into me as my futa-spunk painted our bodies. I groaned, my twat rippling and writhing around her girl-cock. It was such a delight to feel. I whimpered, this heat burning through me. I shuddered, kissing her hard as we climaxed together.

I loved her jizz spilling into my body as my cum spurted between us. I trembled, squeezing her ass. Our nipples kissed again while our lips worked together. It was such sublime heaven. I crested, riding that orgasm to its height and then sank into delight.

She trembled on me. Suddenly, something salty seasoned our kiss. I realized she was crying. She thrust her arms beneath me, hugging me tight to her. She shook so much. I broke the kiss. Tears fell down my cheeks.

“I'm okay,” I told her. “You saved me, Virginia. You saw through the BS and got me help. You were awesome.”

“I know.” She shuddered. “It's just... You're my twin sister. We've been together literally since conception. I can't lose you. I can't. This insanity. I don't know what's going on, why I was chosen, but I'm not losing you, Saffron.”

“You're not losing me.” I smiled at her. “I promise that you're never going to lose me. Okay?”

She smiled. “Okay.”

“That was so sweet,” Brígida said, gasp and moans echoing around her. “But you were taken in by the enemy. By a succubus. What happened?”

“Yes, dear Saffron,” Aria said. “I'm so sorry that Brígida is interrupting your beautiful reunion with Lady Virginia, but... This is bad. They've attacked Virginia and now they bewitched you.”

Virginia swallowed and sat up. She pulled her cock out of me, her boobs dripping with my jizz. It ran down her stomach in pearly lines. “What can you tell us.”

“Her name is Vixen,” I said. “And she seems to think that Ella is the hero that's supposed to save the world. You're the Dark One who's going to destroy it. The servant of the Seven Demons.”

Aria arched her eyebrow. “She is referring to the Seven Harmonious Goddesses, is she not? That demon would.”

“Probably,” I said. “She also swore weird. She kept saying, 'Ammuch's Treacherous Kiss,' like I'd say god fucking damn!” 

Aria hissed in anger. Rage shot across her face. “Ammuch? She said Ammuch?”

“Yeah,” I said. “That's what she was going on about. Ammuch. Sounded like her goddess.”

“Were there three of them?” asked Aria.

“I think so.” My cheeks burned. “I was sort of in 'Worship Mistress Vixen' mode. But I definitely remember Ammuch.”

“Who is she?” asked Virginia, giving Aria a serious look.

“Ammuch, Goddess of the Kiss,” said Aria, this look of disgust on her face.

“That doesn't sound that bad,” I said. “Kisses are nice.” I flashed my twin sister a big grin. “I enjoy kissing you.”

She winked back at me.

“She's the Mistress of Betrayal. Seduction is her weapon. She's the patron of spies. Who breaks the hearts with her lies and destroys the bonds of love. Succubi serve her. They are deadly and dangerous creatures.” Aria gave me a fixed look. “And you know why, Saffron.”

“Yeah,” I said. “Kisses, huh. I guess that makes sense. She did kiss me and then things got all sorts of... Well, heated.”

“And the other two goddesses?” asked Virginia.

“Raatak, Goddess of the Knife and Mistress of Murder. She's the patron of assassins and murders. She's the rage in the blood, the cold fury of vengeance. The goddess who whispers in your ear to hurt those who have harmed you.” Aria looked like just saying the words was giving her a tummy ache. “The third is Itoyja, Goddess of the Flame and Mistress of Destruction. She is the aspect of fire and destruction. The goddess who consumes but whose hungers are never satiated. The goddess of greed and lust. Of gluttony and feeding appetites. Together, these are the Three Chaotic Goddesses who seek to destroy the world.”

“And who Ella serves,” I said. “I gave my sister a knowing look. Ella's worshiped by her followers. They call her goddess. They were doing a dark ritual to bring about Convergence. A dark elf assassin has tried to kill you and a succubus who serves Ella put the magical whammy on me. I think we know who our Demon Lord is.”

“Ella?” Virginia gasped. “I thought she would be from the other world. And, well, a he.”

“I told you that a Demon Lord could be a she. You are getting too caught up in the gendered word there. Not in every language are noble titles necessarily gendered like they are in English. I told you, right, about BERSERK. How the ruler of the elves was mistranslated “king” because, in Japan, the word for king really means ruler. It could be male or female. They had to retcon it. Same thing with Demon Lord. It's not a gendered term to the Japanese, and as the pioneers of the sort of Isekai story that we're caught in, there's no reason that it has to be for us.”

“She goes to our school and has corrupted all our teachers,” Virginia gasped. She stood up, looking around at her harem. All the fucking had stopped. Lada pulled out of her last cheerleader, a futa-cock sprouting from Luana's pussy. “This is bad. What are we going to do?”

“What if we get expelled?” gasped Frederica, one of the futa-mages. The busty redhead pushed up her glasses. “I have a 4.0 GPA. I'm so going to be Valedictorian.”

“Priorities,” Brígida said. “We know who our enemy is.” She looked so happy as she stood up. “The teachers, the volleyball team, the drama club, a succubus, dark-elf assassin, and Ella herself. She's up against all of us.”

“And Kali and Willow,” Virginia added. “They're my futa-elf and futa-dryad over in the other world.”

“Oh, we are so going to another world,” squealed Felipa. “Brígida's right. Demon Lord, Maou, can totally be someone from our world. Ella's been chosen. She's marshaling her forces right now.”

“Let's take the fight to them,” Lada said. “Queen Virginia, your cheerleaders are ready to kick ass, take names, and fuck the shit out of all those bitches.”

“That's right!” Ocean shouted, standing on Lada's left.

“We're going to trounce those futa-cunts even if they're our teachers!” Suzan cried out. “For our Queen! We were born for this. We came to a school with a queen bee as a mascot. All of us were chosen by fate.”

The other cheerleaders all shouted, thrusting their arms into the airs like they had pompoms and doing high-kicks. 

“By the Seven Harmonious Goddesses, Lady Virginia,” Aria said. “Your priestesses stand ready to support and aid you. We shall not allow the darkness to swallow our world or theirs.”

“That's right,” Tamera said. “Lady Virginia, we have all wanted to be good wives, support our families, and bake yummy treats. Well, this is our family!”

“Yes!” Avice said, her big boobs bouncing. “We're ready to support all of you. We love you all!”
The priestesses all nodded, blowing kisses and even hugging some of the other futas, big smiles on their lips.

“And then there's us,” said Brígida. “Your futa-mages. A bunch of Anime-obsessed, nerdy girls who have all secretly dreamed of being magical girls or having Isekai adventures.”

“Or piloting giant robots!” Mio said, the Japanese girl bouncing up and down. “GUNDAM!”

“Or piloting giant robots.” Brígida put her hands on her hips, a serious look on her face. “Now we got magical powers. We're all kick-ass futa-mages.”

“I'm a futa-witch!” Addy squealed. “That sounds way better.”

Brígida rolled her eyes. “Virginia, your cadre of mages and one bratty witch are ready to sling spells and get into awesome, anime fights.”

The other members of the chess club stood around Brígida. They were all smiling at Virginia. At my twin sister was going to save the world. I shuddered at it. This was so amazing.

“And you have me,” I said. “I'm so awesome, I don't need a posse. I'm a one-futa, kick-ass, thieving machine!” I thrust my hands up in the air, forming a V.

“Uh, you got bamboozled by a succubus,” said Seo-Hyun from among her fellow cheerleaders.

“Yeah, some thief,” said Opal, one of the futa-mages. “How did you even get caught by her?”

I spluttered, “Magic! She used cheating magic. She was hiding in the shadows, using her dumb powers. She totally used the Konami code or something. Not fair. Doesn't count. Besides, without me, we wouldn't know who the enemy is.”

“That's right,” Virginia said. “Even if my twin sister did get bamboozled by a succubus.”

“Hey!” I protested. 

“She is still a kick-ass thief with mad skillz!” Virginia smiled at me. “That's how you put it, right?”

“Mad sneaking skillz!” I said. “And that's why we're going to win. Because Ella doesn't have me! And she doesn't have the rest of you.”

The others were nodding. They were excited. I grinned at them. I was so pumped up to go kick ass. It was time to—

The entire room shook. We all screamed as we stumbled. A loud groan rumbled through the room, rising from beneath us. The cabinets burst open. Plates slid out and burst on the counter. Members of the chess club and home ec club fell on their asses while the cheerleaders shifted their stances. Like me, they rode it out.

Virginia grabbed my arm to keep from falling over. Then everything rippled. The world folded in on itself. I screamed and clutched to my sister as I twisted inside out. The colors inversed. The world became upside. Backward. 

And then it burst like a bubble. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Willow

The trees screamed in pain. A darkness spread across the sunny skies. The ground rent. Great cracks opened. I stumbled and grabbed Kalirisia for support. A strange, inverse light flickered ahead. It pulsed with strange hues that twisted my stomach.

They were the opposites of blues and greens, reds and yellows. They were hues that made my eyes throb in pain. Trees ripped apart where it burst. They were thrown to the ground in pieces, their dying agony ripping at me.

“CONVERGENCE!” screamed Kalirisia. 

The end had begun.

The inverse color popped like a bubble. A mighty wind howled through the woods, ripping golden leaves off silver branches. It struck Kalirisia and me, throwing us to the ground. We struck the dirt, clutching at each other as I screamed in terror.

“LADY VIRGINIA!”

To be continued...
