TWINS IN LOVE

CHAPTER 60

     It looked like most everything was set by the time I got back to the house with all the beer and groceries they needed.
   After being up so early and working around the house, I wondered if they would be ready for a little NO SEX nap?

   Both Donna and Marie did look a little weary.
"Yes!" Said Donna. Good Idea!"
"It's only 2:30 PM mom, let's go lay down for a while before everyone starts dropping in."
"Yeah, OK, we might be up pretty late tonight," Marie agreed.
The three of us went upstairs and Donna kiddingly reminded me of NO SEX NAPPING as we all piled on the bed.

   Still, it felt nice for me and them to lay naked together for an hour's rest.
None of us having any idea how the night would go or who we would end up with.
I told them about mom going to set up dad and Karen sometime during the party.
They were really surprised, but then realizing that she was the only one being left out on all our fun.

Marie wondered about swimming naked?

"Do you think your sister would want to? Or your Uncle Dan?" "Would they be too embarrassed to be naked with all of us?"

Donna thought of "Conveniently losing her bra" trick again when the time was right!
 Just like what happened at my house in what now seemed like years before, but only several weeks in reality.

    "It IS a lot more fun when we are all naked, isn't it Kenny?" Donna asked.
"We love to see nice swinging cocks just like you guys like seeing our tits Kenny!" Donna giggled.

"Yeah, if you can handle Uncle Dan with a huge hard on right away, I laughed.
"One of us girls will fix THAT Kenny." Marie laughed.

   " I can't wait to see Pauly's girfriend. I've never met her." Donna said.
"I met her once honey. Only for a minute before we moved out of here. They were in the drive as he ran in to pick up some clothes. She looked pretty with long red hair."

    "Since Kenny seems to like our tits so much, I think he'll go nuts if Pam ever shows him hers, Donna."

"You mean...?"
"Yeah Kenny, what I COULD see was that they are out to here," as she showed me something that looked like huge balloons.
"Hey, but I love YOUR tits and Donna's. Both of you are pretty much the same!"

Now we all rested, or tried to with their heads on my chest as they drifted off along with me. Each with their hand down around my cock.
We slept for at least an hour.

   Now, Donna feeling a little better, sat up and then her mother. Donna still had the tit thing in her mind about Pam.

Both of them now  sat next to each other on the bed in front of me.
Both holding their tits and then letting them drop as normal.
Wanting me to compare them.
They really were so close in size and shape. Both their tits were really nice. The perfect nipples.
"There's hardly a bit of difference between you." I said.

"Donna's are a little more firm than mine honey from my age and having kids."
"They're still beautiful Marie. I mean it."
"Your nipples are as perfect as hers too, as I reached to caress them.
"So is this," she smiled as she leaned down to kiss the tip of my cock.
"Oh Please, hold off til tonight, OK Hon?"
"Sure baby. Save your cum for the fun later."

 She took my cock in her mouth anyway, and sucked it softly for a few seconds and then let go with a pretty smile.

They both decided to wear nice bathing shorts and colored bra tops that would double for the pool also....Until.....
Now, they pranced in front of me for my reaction to how they looked.
The bra tops allowed for nice bulges and really looked sexy and nice.

   "Is he hard yet mom?"  "I think he's getting there honey. Make your nipples harder and see what happens ...." Marie joked. 

Both types of tops really did show off their tits nicely, I thought.
It wasn't long after when Paul pulled in with his knockout girlfriend.

   He caught my eyes popping as he introduced her.
She really was gorgeous. A red head just like Marie said.

Her tits?  They had to be double D's I thought...In what little I knew about judging tit sizes.

She had a pretty smile and warmly hugged me with a kiss on the cheek. Of course realizing that her bullet tits were drilling into me.
Her knowing smile as she backed away. Thinking I missed her glancing at my half hard cock she caused in my shorts.

    She was wearing a flowery silk blouse at least when she went back to the patio with Paul. Then took off the blouse to reveal a skimpy two piece bra top.
I almost shit, and Paul just smiled as he caught my reaction.
He knew damn well what I was thinking.
Marie came with a round of drinks and leaned to kiss him and then Pam.
I noticed Marie's eyes also as she spied Pam's huge tits bulging out of the skimpy top.
Realizing that Marie also liked sucking woman's tits as much as me.
Uh Oh. Competition for Pam's tits already!  I thought.

I quietly mentioned to Paul how really pretty his girl was.
"She IS hot, isn't she?" as he looked over at her talking with Marie and Donna.

"God, I'm sorry for staring Paul. But she's really stacked!"
"We're both used to it Kenny. Everywhere we go, guys stare at them."
"Did she look down at your cock when she kissed you?"
"Yeah, how did you know?"
"Because almost every guy that gets that close to her gets a hard on."
"She's come to get a kick out of it now."
"She won't mind if you happen to "Accidentally" bump into them as long as you don't hurt her."

"Oh God, Paul, Don't tempt me. She's YOUR honey."

"Hey Kenny, I fuck YOUR girlfriend!"
" Even though she's my sister, she's still YOUR girlfriend so.....!"

"Uh Oh Paulie. Uh Oh! I smiled at him.
He was giving me permission to fuck her if things went that way tonight.
"Both my sisters will be here tonight too."  I told him.
"Shit Kenny, BOTH of them are hot. Even that young one...!"
"Cindi?" Yeah, she's a hot little number too."

"Play your cards right tonight....".I smiled at him.
"Trouble is, Paul....she's terrified of the size of your cock."
"I'll only give her what she needs," he laughed.

It was nice for two brothers to be offering each other their sisters!!!!
What fucking slobs, I thought!

Now when it came to our mothers?  Uh Oh....We didn't get that far yet because we were interrupted by mom and dad coming into the terrace side of the yard.

They came over and Paul shook hands with dad, and mom kissed him nice on the cheek. FOR NOW, anyway.

"Karen and Cindi will be coming in MY car honey," mom said. She likes the idea of driving herself around now."
"Uh Oh mom. Sounds like your car won't be in the drive much, anymore!"
Marie got them both a drink and kissed each of them. Then took them over to meet Paul's girl.
I saw dad's cock twitch in his shorts, as she also leaned up to kiss his cheek.
His eyes riveted to her tits just like mine were.


    Sure enough, she looked down to watch his cock throb as she backed away, just like Paul said.
I had to smile at him as he caught it too.

    It wasn't long before Cindi was staking out the territory around Paul and inviting him into the pool.

I knew damn well she wanted his suit wet so she could see the outline of his huge cock. 

Finally there was a chance to get near dad, alone.
"Shit Kenny, can you believe the tits on her?"
"She's gorgeous on top of all that too."

"Look at the fucking legs on her!"
"Hey dad, OUR girls aren't that shabby either."

'Yeah, you're right Kenny!" "You're right."
"Even your mom's legs are still nice, as we both looked over at her talking with Marie and Donna.
We heard the intercom doorbell ringing from the little speaker on the patio.

I went to the front door and there was Uncle Dan.
ALONE, damn it!
I shook his hand and brought him straight through to the patio.
He hugged dad, and I introduced him to Paul and his girlfriend. Then Marie spotted him.

   She did her best sway as she walked up to him smiling. Her eyes having her best "Want a blowjob?" look.

He was already wearing shorts and a nice casual shirt. He leaned down with a smile and kissed Marie, and then mom, as she came up to him.

    Donna was a little later than the others getting their kiss from Uncle Dan.
He looked like something out of a fucking Playboy men's swimwear edition.
Maybe five years younger than dad.
I was watching Marie's nipples harden by the second as she led him to the patio bar for a drink. Uh Oh!

I decided to join the others in the pool, and held mom's hand as she went in with me.

   I whispered that she could use "our" room for dad and Karen later, and they wouldn't be disturbed.
"OK honey."
It was dark now, and Donna put the colored lights and stereo on.
Again, how really nice it all looked around the pool.
A lot of small lights were hidden behind some of the large plants and small trees making them highlighted against the darkness.
Marie was now leading Uncle Dan into the pool  with the rest of us.
Mom and me didn't miss the longing looks in Karen's eyes as she swam around with dad.

   "After we eat honey," mom whispered to me. "After we eat I'll engineer your father up to your room and you get Karen to come up with you, about ten minutes later."
"OK mom."
"Are you sure we won't be disturbed during this first time for them?"
"Yeah mom. I told Marie and Donna about it this afternoon while we were taking a nap."
"They're kind of excited about it too."

   "I'm wondering about maybe  getting Cindi and Paul together. She's hot for him mom, and he said he really liked it with her."
"WHY?" So YOU can fuck his girlfriend?" Mom smiled insolently.
"Not unless you and me first mom."
"Deal?"
Her stern look softened then. "OK Honey. OK."

Marie was calling everyone out of the pool to eat now.
The food smelled great.

I noticed Donna getting kind of cozy with Uncle Dan now too.
He was enjoying all the attention from the different women trying to stake him out for themselves.

   I noticed winks between him and dad a couple times seeming to approve Dan's moves with the different women.
I wondered how much dad had let him in on?

   About a half hour later, everyone was finished eating and now they began to dance around the patio and pool area.

That's when I saw mom make her move with dad. Finishing a dance with him, and taking his hand as they eased off the deck and into the house.
She made sure I saw her.
I knew enough to wait a while for her to set it up with dad, and have him ready for Karen.
Probably suck him for a little while too, as a means to ensure that HE was HERS first and formost!

    I watched the mini night lights in our bedroom come on upstairs.
I got next to Karen and danced with her. 
Marie was with her son and Cindi with Uncle Dan.

    "It's going to happen in a few minutes honey," I whispered in her ear.
"Mom's up there now with him, getting him ready for you."
"REALLY Kenny?" she whispered maybe a little too loudly in my ear.
"Yeah honey. Are you really ready for dad?"
"Yes, Kenny. I love daddy so much. I was thinking about it in the pool just a while ago."
"I know honey. Mom and I both saw you."
I could feel her tremble now as we turned while dancing.

   I winked at Marie and then Donna as we passed them while dancing. They both knew it was going to happen soon.
Just before the song ended, I took Karen's hand and led her through the house toward the stairs.

It was dimly lit in the parlor and I pulled her to me and kissed her. Lifting up her bra top to lick her nipples once more before she gave herself to our father.
Sliding my hand into her bikini bottom and my finger up and down her whole slit as I kissed her hard.

   Feeling her pussy try to hump my hand. Her soft excited moans as we kissed.
Feeling her naked nipples hard as rocks now pressed against me.
My own cock raging as I thought of her being fucked by dad soon. His cock probably in the mouth I was kissing.

    I broke the kiss, both of us breathing hard. 
"I wish I could watch this honey. 
I wish mom and me could watch this first time of you and dad."
"Oh Kenny, I'm so nervous. I've wanted this for so long...."
"I know honey. In a few minutes you will have dad's cock inside you. Then you will know what mom and I feel honey."
Her own hand went own and grabbed my hard cock tight. 
My hand was still in her pussy and stroking her making her wet. Feeling her clit hardened and ready for our father now.

   I just had to kneel and pull her bikini down and suck her for a minute. To taste her once again. I sucked her lslit and her clit as she moaned and writhed.
I wanted her right on the edge. Wet, hard and on the edge  for dad's first real look at his oldest daughter.

    I kissed her once more, straightened her bra top and we went up the stairs behind her.
I knocked on my own bedroom door and mom opened it with a warm smile......

  Our dim night lights played a nice fancy pattern on the ceiling as we both saw dad laying on the bed with his glistening hard cock sticking almost straight up.
I knew mom had sucked him for a while.

   I could feel Karen's shaking as I held her hand. Seeing dad's chest actually beating with his excitement.

Mom took Karen's hand from mine and led her to the foot of the bed.
"Here's our oldest daughter darling."
"Our oldest daughter that wants to make love with you as badly as you need her too honey."

    "Hi daddy......"Karen said in a very low voice. Her eyes riveted to his huge hard cock.
"Hi honey. As he smiled up to her.

Her hands were shaking. Her body was shaking.
Mom, standing behind her untied her bra top and threw it to the dresser behind her.
She reached in front and cupped Karen's beautiful tits.

Dad's first real long sighting of them.
Her nipples still raging hard from my sucking and playing with them minutes earlier.
"Aren't her tits absolutely beautiful honey?" as mom cupped and massaged them for dad.

"You're so beautiful Karen honey."
Dad's cock was throbbing and bobbing.
His balls were jerking up and down in his sack.

    "Oh daddy, I've wanted........I've wanted to make love....
"I know honey. I know. So have I honey."

Now mom reached down and slipped off Karen's bikini bottoms.
She was naked now.
Mom's hands reaching in front and sliding over Karen's body and finally down to her pussy mound on both sides and telling dad how soft it felt.

"Our daughter is wet for you darling. She's wet for her father to make love with her."

My own cock was raging hard as I watched mom enticing dad.
Mom's hand eased Karen's legs a little wider as she reached further into her pussy in front of dad.
Mom took her both hands and spread Karen's pussy lips wide as she could for dad to see all of her womanhood and clit.
"Her clit is so hard honey."
"Wouldn't you like to put your lips on our daughter's hard clit for the first time honey?"

"Oh Rita honey, Yes, I would. Yes."

"Would you like to feel your daughter's lips on your hard cock honey?"
"OOOOHHHH Yes Rita. Yes."

"Would you like to suck your father's hard cock for a little while honey?" "Before he licks your warm and wet pussy?"
"Can I daddy, can I?"
"Yes, honey, please....please. I would love that from you honey."
"Go to your father now honey. Suck him for a whuile nice. Make love with your father."
"This is what you have both wanted for so long."

"Oh mom..."
Mom hugged Karen now as she turned back to look at her and then dad.
Karen's tits were heaving up and down with her excitement.
 In the shadowed room she looked so beautiful.
Mom eased her toward the bed and she knelt on it. Her eyes going from dad's to his cock that was still bobbing with excitement.

"Oh daddy. I.....Ohhh.
"Go ahead honey. Its OK now, for you to suck your father like you have dreamed of. Like he has dreamed of."

OOOHHH daddy as Karen fell toward his hard cock and placed her whole mouth right down on it with her excitement.
Her moans as she felt it for the very first time in her mouth.
Dad's electric shock shooting through his body now, just as I had when seeing mom suck my cock for our very first time.

Now Karen laid flat on the bed and licked dad's cock as she moaned her love for him.
Dad doing his own moans at feeling her gentle touches and licks.
"OOOOHHH Daddy, daddy...".as she filled her mouth once more with his cock.

Mom had come to my side and she reached for my own cock that she saw was so hard in my shorts.
Both of us standing off to the side of this first time lovemaking.
"Your father loves that honey, Don't you Tom?"

"Oh God yes, Rita. Yes..." as dad's hips rose to meet Karen's mouth.
Karen now sucked him deeper and with a little more confidence now.
Mom turned quickly to me and pulled my shorts down. 
Her hand reaching to stroke my cock as she turned to watch them again. My hand taking off her bra top and cupping her tit.

A minute later, both mom and I were naked too.

I had to lick mom. Right now!
 My cock was raging, but I wanted mom's pussy in my mouth and have her know that both her children were now pleasuring our parents together.
Dad with his cock in his daughter's mouth, and mom with her pussy in mine.
I kissed mom with a hard passion now.
I dropped to my knees  and pressed into her naked pussy.

Her own beautiful nakedness now.

     She let out a moan that must have caught dad's attention and he moaned again as Karen softly got used to his big cock and sucked him more firmly now.
She too moaning, with his cock deep in her mouth.

   My tongue was in mom's slit as far as I could get it, licking her and her wetness. Her moans of watching her daughter sucking her husband as I was licking and sucking her made her cum in my mouth in torrents very quickly.
Her pussy humping against my mouth as I sucked her slit.

My own cock still raging hard.

I rose up now after her wild orgasm and kissed her.
Her face was flushed, her breathing was rapid. Her tits heaving.
Her fingers were wild on my face and her soft moans to fuck her . Fuck her right now.

   She eased toward the bed and leaned over on it right near dad's head. I knew she wanted it this way. 

    Her ass humping in anticipation of my cock as I guided it into her with my hand. Immediately she moaned loud and told Karen to suck dad harder. Suck her daddy's cum.
Suck the cock that made her, like her brother was fucking the pussy that he came from!

Karen was now excited watching me slide my cock in mom, as her mouth filled with dad's cock.

She was  a little more at ease watching me begin to fuck mom right in front of her as mom was leaning down to kiss dad.
His hands went to her tits as I fucked her and he moaned with Karen's faster sucking.
Karen was busy stroking his cock and sucking harder now.

Mom was fucking back at me wildly as she continued to kiss dad and moaning into his mouth.

"Our son is fucking me honey. Our son has his hard cock in my possy honey."
Dad was moaning incessantly as mom kissed hm and feeling Karen's sucking.

I was pumping into mom hard and deep. It was really hot and wonderful watching my sister with dad's cock in her mouth and my cock inside mom.

    Karen watched some of it but was concentrating on dad's pumping up and down into her mouth as he began to cum.
Karen taking her mouth off his cock for a second in surprise and then went back to swallow his cock once more while she moaned as he finished cumming in her mouth.
Seeing some of his cum dribbling down the sides of his cock as she sucked up and down a little slower now. Gulping what she could of his cum.

Mom kissing him all through his orgasm and her own as she flooded around my cock.

It was another minute before I let go into mom as dad held her to his chest. Glancing at me as he watched me cum in his wife.
His own cock still in Karen's mouth as she brought him down from his cum...Just like she learned on me.

Mom caressed dad's chest now, Karen was kneeling back as she was catching her breath. Her tits shiny and nipples sticking straight out.
Dad reaching for her to kiss her as mom now leaned back on my shoulder watching.

Mom catching her breath as my hands cupped her tits.
She turned and kissed me as dad kissed Karen while she laid on top of him.

Then mom leaned over her and stroked her back.
"Now you have your father's juice of life within you honey."
"The very same juice that created you honey."

    Mom leaned further and kissed dad once more. 
"I love you darling."
"Enjoy your daughter as you have dreamed honey."

"Karen honey,  Love your father as YOU have dreamed honey."
"This is YOUR night, you two."
"Kenny and I have had our first night."

"We'll see you both later honey."
Mom and I grabbed out suits and left them to do their first actual fucking, alone.

Mom turning to me in the hall and leaning up for a kiss. Both of us still naked yet.
"So far it seems OK honey," she smiled.
"I'm sure of it mom."

We were just about to turn toward the stairs when Marie and her son Paul were suddenly coming up. 
Both of them seeing mom and me still naked. Our suits in our hands.
Both of them smiling and feeling kind of silly, not expecting anyone in the hall.

Marie came forward first to mom. She whispered something and they both smiled.
Mom shook her head with a smile and reached for Paul's hand.
Uh Oh. A quick switch.
Paul had about the same surprised expression as I.

Marie led the way with my hand in tow, into her room, and the large queen bed therein. 
Mom doing the same with Paul right behind me.
Uh Oh.

A mom switch I hadn't forseen!












    



































