Faramir wakes in a sweat. Bolting upright, soft pillows yield to his hands. Laying back, he pants softly, racing heart slowing as his panic subsides. He has been inside the nightmare again.

He lies on the field of Pelennor struck down by the Nazgul's dart. The Witch King approaches him with sword drawn to finish what the dart has begun. Something distracts him, and he turns away. Raising his head, Faramir sees Frodo on his knees before the wraith, hands raised to ward off a blow. No! Pain sparks hot from his wound as he crawls toward them, inching forward with sweat dripping down his face. Staggering to his feet, he lurches the last few yards to where the two face each other. Frodo looks at Faramir hopelessly, the light of his brilliant blue eyes dimmed to a milky gray. The flesh of his neck is raw and bleeding under the chain that holds the Ring. The Ring is pressed into his chest, a brand mark that still has the iron embedded in it. With his last strength, Faramir hurls himself at the wraith. The wraith turns toward him again, and a wave of poison breath blasts him. Eyes rolling up in his head, Faramir falls into darkness--the Witch King bearing down on Frodo his last sight.

Faramir breathes in jerky gasps, eyes fixed on the wall until his body's trembling quiets. It did not happen that way. Frodo had not been there. He is still alive, must still be alive. The dream is but his fear briefly brought to the surface.

Where is he? Has he found his way into Mordor? Was he even now drawing close to Orodruin, his task near completion? Or has he been captured?

Faramir presses clenched fists into his eyes, willing away the vision of gentle Frodo being tormented in some dungeon of the Dark Lord. Surely that cannot have happened. Otherwise, the darkness would have returned, covering the land once more in its implacable grip.

He should have gone with him. Even if he could not have saved him, he should have gone with him into the fires of Mordor. Doing that would have meant abandoning his duty to Gondor and his men. He could not have gone without betraying his honor even though his heart yearned for it.

Sighing, Faramir thinks on the night he spent with Frodo at Henneth Annun. His heart had reached out to him in pity and admiration at how he bore the burden of his hopeless task.

Frodo's hands grip his back again as they lie together in the soft furs. Warmth pools in Faramir's belly as he buries himself deep inside Frodo and groans from the close embrace of flesh.

Shaking his head, Faramir marvels at the strength of his hunger for the slim hobbit. He still wants him ... wants to be with him again and again ... needs to know all his thoughts ... longs to keep him from harm. A fire had been lit in him in one night that will not easily be put out.

Faramir's body shakes from the returning fever. He does not hear the soft approach of the Warden and starts when he feels his hand on his brow.

"Drink this, my Lord. It will help you sleep and draw out the fever."

"I don't want to sleep. The nightmares ... "

"They will fade in time until you no longer remember them. Drink."

Faramir opens his mouth, and the sleeping draught slips down his throat leaving behind a faint bitterness on his lips.

He struggles at first against the draught, head spinning as it pulls him toward oblivion. It is too strong for him, and he sinks under the weight of it, eyes fluttering shut.

Faramir stands upon the walls of Minas Tirith looking out over the field of Pellenor. It is seven days since the Lords of the West rode away to contest the might of Mordor. A cold wind blows--the only sound as the City lies poised for the end.

Faramir's heart quails as darkness rises up over the distant Mountains of Shadow and a tremor shakes the earth. He lowers his head in grief. Oh, Frodo, may the end have come quickly for you. Farewell.

Raising tear-clouded eyes, Faramir sees the darkness blow away as though it had been but an insubstantial wisp of cloud. In the distance, a speck approaches--a great Eagle bringing tidings to the City.

Sing now, ye people of the Tower of Anor,
For the realm of Sauron is ended for ever,
and the Dark Tower is thrown down.
(The Return of the King)
Faramir paces back and forth, grief turned to joy--laughter alternating with tears. He has done it. Beyond hope, Frodo has done it.

In the days that follow, Faramir takes up his duties as Steward. He bids goodbye to Merry, who goes to the Field of Cormallen to join the reunited fellowship.

Frodo is alive. The news sings in Faramir's heart in a constant note that sounds to his every action and thought. Even word of Frodo's grievous injury cannot still the joy that fills him.

He will go to him. His new duties claim him, but for once he will follow where his heart leads him.

He does not know how Frodo will greet him. Perhaps he regrets the night they spent together. Or perhaps it had been but a brief interlude of comfort in his desperate journey--something to be remembered fondly but not repeated. After all, it was just chance meeting that brought them together. Also, there is Sam to consider. His devotion to his master was clear, but there may be more to it than that.

Faramir shakes these thoughts from his head. He prepares for his journey, choosing such things he thinks might please Frodo--soft garments, wine to delight the tongue, scented oil to soothe the body.

He looks down at the outspread offerings and laughs at his eagerness. I am like a maiden all trembling with first love, he thinks ruefully to himself.

Faramir approaches the green lawn at the Field of Cormallen. He sees Sam across the expanse and walks toward him.

"Hello, Master Samwise. We meet where we never thought to come."

"So we do, Captain, sir."

"Where is your master? I want to see him."

"Resting in our tent."

"Is he well?"

"Better--still spends most of his time resting and sleeping."

"May I see him?"

"Stay here. I'll tell him."

Faramir watches Sam walk to a tent and disappear inside. He moves toward it, then stops and holds himself still, damp palms pressed to his sides.

A long minute passes--an eternity. Frodo doesn't want to see him--doesn't want to be reminded of what they had done together. Faramir has been a fool to think otherwise. Sighing, he prepares to walk away.

The tent opens, and he's there.