Entry #30 
What an interesting way to start the month. I was going to go to Kansas City, but a few things got in the way, so, instead, I've been using my time wisely by browsing the internet. I found some interesting things there. Let me know if you like them and I'll see what I can wrangle up.

Entry #31 - dated: 11 June (the only dated entry in the journal) 
I hope your birthday was a nice one. My sister would've been twenty-one this year. I would've gotten her a great gift and we would've had a little party. And maybe a big one too.

I know this is something you don't truly understand, having no siblings of your own, but it's hard not having her around, even if it's been nearly sixteen years. I could try to equate it to waking up missing a limb, but two things: I don't know what that's actually like and that's a bit insensitive.

I'm sorry this isn't more about us and fantasies, but there isn't all that much to say anymore.

Fuck, I miss you. I shouldn't, but I do. I mean, I want you to be happy, but I want me to be happy too. And you probably don't care at all. At least, that's what you want people to think. You want everyone to think you don't give a shit.

I know better. If you really didn't give a shit, you wouldn't be a doctor.

I'm not expecting you to save puppies and kiss babies, but would it kill you to do one or two nice things... we'll start with a year? Just simple things? I know, I already had you do this at Christmas, but maybe I was hoping you'd form a lasting habit. I'm an optimist.

I miss you more on dates that are important to me. Dates that I want to share with someone - yes, even you. My sister's birthday was last week. Yours is today. I know you've probably got things planned with Stacy, but a drink or something would've been nice. I thought about asking, then talked myself out of it.

As amusing as it was, I'm sorry about the joke. Though I did find that piano version - does that make it better? I'm sorry. I got the idea and couldn't let it go. Besides - serves you right for some of the evil things you've done to me.

I really do care about what happens to you. Maybe more than I should. But you fascinate me. I never seem to know what you're going to do.

I'm going to miss you. I'm actually going to stop writing in this journal, effective as soon as I finish this entry. I should've stopped back when I said I would before, but I couldn't. Now, I'm just going to do it. I'll put the journal away, out of sight so I won't be tempted.

I have a feeling it will be far easier to give up writing in this journal than it will be giving up wanting you. I'm not sure I'll ever be able to do the latter.

Good-bye, House.

[last entry marked with the thin strip of black ribbon from 'the weekend']