Undersanding Nudity
by Homebrew66

Undersanding Nudity Pt. 01

Jeannie explores exhibitionism and nudity.

I have always wanted to be naked. The thrill of the sun and nature touching my bare skin excite my senses, so I often spend most of my spare time seeking solace and enjoying the sensation. For most nudists, that usually means seeking out relatively obscure places to enjoy our desires away from the rest of society, the fiendish-clothed people. The thrill of discovery and acceptance rushes through my veins constantly while I am unclothed.

My wife belongs to this group; she detests my proclivities, sleeping nude, not owning any underwear, and roaming about the house naked; I have to pick my naked times and accessories carefully.

*****

"Jeannie is stopping by on her way to college to visit for a week."

"Ok, it will be good to see her again." Jeannie is my wife's oldest daughter, who has lived with her father for the last three years since their divorce. She graduated high school a month ago, a week after she turned eighteen.

I hadn't seen Jeannie for a year; I was surprised to see that the skinny ninety-pound teen had grown as tall as me. She took after her mother. Her straight blonde hair reached well below her shoulders. Her legs were terrific for a teen.

She and her mother spent the day catching up on life until the wee hours of the morning. Jane was happy to have her daughter home for a while but was unsatisfied with her dress code. Like most teen girls, she showed way too much skin, she chose tightly cropped t-shirts that displayed her mid-section, and the shorts she had on were much too short. The thin fabric did its best to conceal her derriere; the string beneath was hidden well between her cheeks.

"Jeannie, go put some clothes on. It's not proper to dress like that in front of Bron." I looked over to observe the issue and found her tall leggy physique acceptable. The half-inch of her cheeks peeping out below the hem was fine with me though I dare admit it in present company. She could do with some sun, I thought. The cool chill of the indoor air conditioning made her tiny nipples exceed their natural state showing through her tight t-shirt.

My mind was busily attempting to conjure up an image of this pristine young virgin naked.

"Please have dinner ready for us tonight, Bron."

"Ok, I planned to grill steaks and asparagus. Does that meet your approval?"

"Yes, Jeannie likes her steak medium." Jane was working days, so she left for work shortly after that. I was home for my two weeks off between shifts.

I spent the morning doing chores around the house while Jeannie retreated to the privacy of her room. I could hear her talking on her phone all morning. Shortly After lunch, I left to pick up several items needed for tonight's meal at the grocery store. As soon as I returned, I began preparing the marinade for the steaks and getting everything ready to grill. Once I opened the grill, I instantly realized I had forgotten to clean it after the last use.

As I gathered the cleaning supplies, I noticed several ripples in the pool water through the kitchen window. I had not seen anyone outside when I drove in. After a closer look, I realized Jeannie had decided to take a swim. I walked out to check on her as she exited the water. I froze in step behind the large bush at the edge of the garage.

My eyes focused on a spectacular nubile teenage body. I don't recall ever seeing a bathing suit so tiny. The two little triangles of cloth struggled to cover her small breast and a thong bottom that had lost purpose concealing the small number of blonde tufts that had escaped its grasp.

Watching her caused my pole to inflate immediately. I couldn't let her see this, so I decided to leave and attend to the burgeoning problem inside. Jeannie stepped in shortly after, wrapped properly in her oversized towel.

"Oh, Mr. Bron, I hope it was ok for me to swim this afternoon."

I wanted to say, feel free to swim anytime, and by the way, no swimsuit is necessary, but my better judgment replied, "oh sure, anytime."

"I better change before mother comes home."

*****

Jane arrived home to find dinner almost ready and Jeannie on the sofa watching TV. She had a hard day at work, so a couple of glasses of wine filled the prescription for her stress. At ten that evening, her beeper started beeping.

"Damn, I have to fill in for someone at 5:00 AM tomorrow; you will have to keep Jeannie company again tomorrow."

"No problem, honey." The following day my eyes opened at 6:00 AM. I made my way toward my favorite early morning activity, coffee in the kitchen to watch the sunrise. Jeannie's voice unexpectedly addressed me as I meandered around the kitchen, sipping my caffeine.

"Mr. Bron, why are you naked?" as she studied the back and rump of her stepfather standing by the kitchen window.

A surge of adrenalin infused itself into every cell of my body, causing my penis to stand straight to its limit. My stepdaughter just caught me naked. My mind went blank as I froze in place, attempting to find an answer to the unique situation. I had no idea what to do now. Do I turn around? Damn, I am caught!

Was this anxiety or pleasure rushing through my veins? Should I slowly turn around to make eye contact with her knowing that my man would be in full view? Every sensory cell in my body was on fire. I have to do this, I thought. I was desperate to see her reaction; my nerves took control as I turned and displayed my naked body.

"Jeannie, I did not expect you up so early. I am sorry about this. I love being naked; I hope it doesn't offend you."

There was complete silence.

Her shaky voice finally uttered, "I am so sorry, I never get up this early, but the scent of coffee woke me up this morning."

"Jeannie, would you like some coffee?"

"Does mom know that you go around naked?" struggling to make her timid voice understandable.

"Yes, and she detests it, threatening me constantly not to do this. I can't help myself; I love the sensation I have when naked. I had not expected to see you up so early."

Jeannie's brain was confused; Mr. Bron was not attempting to cover up. "You look so relaxed naked."

I suddenly realized she did not leave the room as fast as she could. My brain was attempting to grasp this as I decided to walk around the bar and deliver her cup, taking a seat on the neighboring stool.

Nudity had never entered Jeannie's young mind; this was overwhelming to her. Her body was filled with strange sensations. Her proximity to my naked body, seated next to her, captivated her interest.

"It looks so natural to you; I have never been around a naked man. Do you go naked anywhere else?"

"Jeannie, I am excited to be able to share with you something that seems to hold both of our interests, but your mother can never know any of this!"

"Ok, I won't mention a word; she doesn't even like how I dress normally!"

We talked for hours as I answered an exhausting array of questions from the young female novice. My body had never been this content. I was the only one naked in the room, which was electrifying to my senses. She was learning a new subject, one that interested her.

Euphoria overcame me sitting next to Jeannie, discussing my favorite activity. Her thin night shirt only reached an inch below her maiden, displaying every inch of her golden legs. As she twitched back and forth in her seat, the large arm openings did little to conceal her tiny breasts.

Feeling empowered by her tolerance of my nakedness, I decided to push my luck further this morning.

"I need to clean the pool this morning, so I had better get started. Would it bother you if I stayed naked? I don't get the chance to do this unless your mother is at work, so I hate to miss the opportunity."

"Oh, sure, it would be ok. Could I help?"

"Certainly" I proceeded to gather all my equipment. The sun felt so good on my naked body this morning. The extra help would give me more sun time today. Jeannie eventually strolled out covered in her large towel and stopped to address me.

"I know mother would be freaked out if she saw me in this swimsuit, so best not discuss this with her, please."

Her suit appeared to be the same one I had viewed from afar, so I held my knowledge of its tiny existence to myself. Her pristine female form sent several pulses of energy toward my groin.

"No problem, Jeannie; take this hose and start vacuuming at the shallow end."

Watching her near-naked body working alongside me sent adrenalin rippling through me. My exhibitionist genes were fortunate today.

"Jeannie, you should probably use sunscreen; your fair skin will get sunburned quickly here in the south."

She lathered her body as much as she could as I stood guard.

"Can you do my back?"

"Sure." She walked over and turned around, and flipped her blonde locks away. I spread the oil on my hands and oiled her back, slipping my fingers under the small string of her top as I progressed, wishing it was not there. Her thin bony back soaked up every ounce of oil my hands could apply. The sensation was intense, lathering my stepdaughter's back as I stood inches away, naked.

We enjoyed several hours of sunning together. My state of exhilaration was out of this world; I had just spent most of the day naked with Jeannie, and it was ok with her.

*****

Jane finally arrived home around 5:00 PM. "How was your day, Jeannie? What did your guys do?"

"Bron is so cool, mom."

My heart skipped a dozen beats anticipating the unknown fixing to depart Jeannie's mouth.

"He showed me how to vacuum the pool today."

"Did he now? Well, I'm glad you did something constructive." I am off tomorrow, so you can help me with the mounds of dirty laundry you brought with you, and Mr. Handy there can wash my car. My throat finally allowed me to swallow once again. Jeannie had impressed me with her confidence.

The next day was a busy one. Jane and Jeannie spent most of it working on her massive pile of laundry. "My god Jeannie, your dad lets you wear clothes like this! This is not underwear; it's just string, and these shorts are much too short. Please don't be parading around in front of Bron dressed in these; it's not proper to exhibit yourself!"

"Oh, mother; all of my friends wear stuff like this. This is like the only underwear I have."

My assigned chores outside proceeded along as planned. Jane's vehicle received its monthly wash, and the garage was tidied up. I fully expected to be attacked this morning by my wife after discovering my recklessness with Jeannie. How long can a teen keep secrets, I thought? So far, Jeannie's conviction was intact.

"I am on days for a couple more days. You guys will have to entertain yourselves, ok?"

"Sure thing, mom; I'm sure we can find something to keep us occupied."

"Both of you can start tomorrow by cleaning the inside of the house; it looks dreadful."

Did I hear what I thought I heard? My mind was already ahead of my skin--the thought of having days available to be naked and have a young audience overwhelmed my exhibitionist senses. Will my loyal liege confine our secret?

*****

I usually dreaded boring housecleaning, but today I was overly excited; I could be naked all day with an audience! Coffee time was well underway as I anticipated what the day could bring.

"Good morning, Jeannie; let me get you a cup of java." Jeannie slumped into her seat, desperately needing the jolt of energy while studying my nakedness.

"I wanted to relay my appreciation for not disclosing my activities to your mother; she would have blown a fuse."

"It's OK; I do things she would not understand either. After yesterday, I am getting used to seeing you naked anyway. I love to lounge around in my sleepshirt most of the day. It's very loose and comfortable."

"So, it doesn't bother you if I am nude while you are here?"

"No, it's kind of cool. I have never seen a man's body naked in person, only in a picture.

"Jeannie, there is no dress code around me. You can stay in your nightshirt all day if you want."

"You are so cool. I wish my mother were so understanding. I will start in the kitchen and do the dishes," Jeannie offered.

"Ok, then I will clean the bar top and Swiffer the floors."

After I found the dust Swiffer, I returned to the kitchen to find Jeannie busy unloading the dishwasher. As she raised and lowered, putting the clean dishes in the cabinetry, her slender silhouette was easily seen through the threadbare shirt. The morning sun glowing from behind her made the cloth transparent. It was as good as being naked to me; the tiny thong struggled to conceal her vulva. I relished having a view like this to accompany my nakedness. I was comfortable having not to hide my naked body; having someone who had no objections was even better; at last, an agreeable audience.

"Mr. Bron, can we swim today?"

"Sure, but I must wash my car before we swim today."

"Do you need help? I can help wash cars."

Our cleaning activities moved to the rear of the house, where we tidied up each room. Bending over, spreading the bed linens offered a perfect view of Jeannie's bare mid-section through the hanging neckline. Her small breasts and entire belly were in plain sight.

"Jeannie, do you drive?"

"Sure, I drive."

"Can you move my car back behind the gate? There is more privacy there."

"Sure, let me go change first."

Jeannie reappeared wearing her bikini, moving the car accurately as I gathered all the washing supplies.

"Can I soap the car?"

"Please help yourself."

My naked body twitched enthusiastically as I watched my near-naked eighteen-year-old stepdaughter attempt to apply soap to the hard surfaces. Reaching as far as her arms would allow over the hood, she immersed her chest in the soap as her groin became saturated with the messy substance dripping between her legs,

"Mr. Bron, can you spray some more water up here?"

I might have sent more than she needed. The excess ran down her back, wicked to her tiny string, and disappeared between her two rear cheeks dripping off her thong. She turned and looked me in the eyes, smiling, "I wanted it up here." Jeannie was now officially soaked with soap and water. The cold water's glimmering reflection on her skin immediately raised my interest. I hardened instantly.

"Can you steady me on the step stool so I can reach the roof?"

I stood behind her, holding her waist as she strained to reach the furthest part. The tiny string of her suit accompanied my grip of her upper behind as she swabbed the roof. I was holding her bare cheek, and she was ok with it.

"I'm all soapy and wet now!"

Jeannie was becoming comfortable having a naked man nearby, who did not attempt to harass her as she willingly teased my senses as only an eighteen-year-old could. I gazed in appreciation as she rinsed the car off, counting every drop of water as it rushed down her belly, saturating the ounce of fabric held in place by a tiny thread and quickly seeping into her thong.

"Yes, you are, but you have done a marvelous job. Let me hold the hose over you as you rinse the soap off."

Jeannie stood inches from me as she ran her hands over every inch of herself, rubbing the soap away. I watched intently as she bent towards me, pulled her tiny top away just enough to let the soap slip off her small lumps, and then reached down to stretch the ounce of fabric guarding her pubis. The string between her legs popped free, allowing the cool rinse to rid the soap from her inner chamber.

"Don't want to leave any soap down here. Oops, did I cause that?" staring at my hardness.

Her sense of inspiration rapidly grew inside her as she gazed up at me and smiled, teasing my senses with subtle displays of her forbidden parts. She marveled at the power of this new sensation her mother had so adamantly forbidden. I knew these very feelings myself.

The effects of the close encounter left a lasting impression on her and my body. Jeannie was beginning to sense the impact she conveyed on me, one she was starting to savor.

"Let's get some sun out by the pool for a while; can you do my back again?"

"Let me tidy up here, and I will meet you in a minute."

Jeannie had already sampled the water when I arrived and exited the pool. The sight of her dripping wet body covered by mere ounces of cloth revved my prostrate. I stood beside her, naked and proud.

"I think I will tan for a while. Would you be able to put sunscreen on for me?"

"Yes, of course."

Jeannie placed her towel on the lounge and laid on her belly. I began with her feet and slowly worked my way up her legs. As I inched towards her rump, she reached around and slid her fingers under the string, lifting it. "Be sure to get some oil under here too."

I gladly spread as much as possible, spreading her cheeks slightly to accommodate most of the hidden areas while she held the string for me. Jeannie was starting to tan, glowing with a warm bronze tone. Her back and shoulders were next and presented no issue as I held her long blonde hair aside.

"Ok, do you want me to do the front?"

Before I finished the question, she flipped over, modeling a mischievous smile, indicating she did. I again oiled the feet and legs, saturating them methodically. I was given the approval to proceed with her mid-section when she reached down, lifted the string to her bottostringm, invited my fingers further, and smiled. I slid them close, stopping at the edge of the obis, careful not to overstep my position. I flirted with the edge of disaster several times, not wanting to miss any minor feature of her. The alluring gaze bestowed upon me let me know to proceed.

Continuing north, I spent several minutes coating her flat belly and navel, noticing how perfect her birth chamber was. I looked for direction from her as I reached her nubile breasts. She gladly offered guidance, sliding her hands under the tiny patches of cloth and holding them out of danger while I inspected and oiled them thoroughly. A smile of approval radiated off Jeannie's face. Jeannie and her body savored the delightful handy work of my hands.

"Thanks, Mr. Bron, you do a great job applying sunscreen. You do get into your work, don't you? Can I return the favor?"

"I would not want to make you uncomfortable roaming around a naked man's body applying oil."

"I want to; if it's ok with you, there is nothing here that I have not seen for the past two days." Jeannie's anticipation sent ripples of joy through her interior; this would be the first time she had her hands on a naked man's body.

"Why don't you start with my back while I stand here." Jeannie lathered up her hands and covered my back.

"Can I do your butt?" "Sure, please do" My senses were agreeing heartily with strange hands roving around my rear quarters. She asked me to lay on my back as soon as she finished. I took my position, my dick standing straight out.

"I'm sorry about this, Jeannie, but my body is very excited having your soft touches on it." Jeannie's eyes were fixed on the hardness. She desperately wanted to explore a penis; it would be her first time touching one.

"I can see that, wow. Let's put some oil on it." She lubricated her palm and reached over to address the issue, placing her hand gently around it.

"Oh my, I can't believe how hard it is." I exploded the second her hand wrapped around it with her oily fingers. Jeannie held tight as I jerked up several inches, spurting a fountain of my DNA out profusely.

"Oh my god, did I cause that? I did not mean to grab it so hard. I am so sorry?"

"Don't let go, Jeannie. Hold it tight." My residual energy continued pulsing, attempting to survey the strange sensation of the young hand holding it. Every pulse sends seeps of fluid. My view of an eighteen-year-old hand wrapped around my meat enthralled my senses.

The cascading oil went down her back and breasts as the restless hands fought for position. The sensation she was receiving from being manipulated by a dozen hands rubbing her tiny breasts and nipples radiated off her face. Intuitively, I sent a second cascade of oil rushing down between her legs. Jeannie gazed around quickly and found a dozen more people had taken up watching; most were beating off franticly. Jeannie was in exhibitionist heaven. Her naked body was the subject of desire today, and she loved it.

As the oil slid through her slit, the hands followed. "Oh God, that feels so good, boys!" Jeannie opened her stance widely, inviting further action. Her pussy was on fire again. She looked at me and held her hands out; she wanted to be held; her body was weakening. I held onto her arms, watching the bevy of hands roam around, squeezing her butt and continuously oiling the interior of her pussy. Jeannie's grip went limp as she jerked feverously and screamed with delight.

"Don't stop now, boys!" I ordered. She moaned and gyrated for several minutes before wilting down. Her helpers placed her in the lounge chair as she stared toward the sky in complete bliss. Jeannie lay there for half an hour, recuperating from the massive orgasm she had just experienced. Several dozen boys strolled by, inspecting the resting nymph and offering their DNA in the nearby sand.

*****

"I need a beer, or two, Mr. Bron."

"Gladly, Jeannie. How are you feeling?"

"Like I went to Mars and back, I have never felt so excited, scared, and relaxed simultaneously. I think I will walk down the beach for a while if it's ok?"

Jeannie guzzled a beer and grabbed a second as she walked out to the water's edge, soaking her feet as she went along. Being the only person naked on the beach sent pleasure rushing through her body as the beach population rushed to see the strolling nymph, gladly displaying her nakedness. I watched her walk for an hour or so, relishing all of the attention given to her. The afternoon was rapidly running out of sun when she returned.

"Mr. Bron, I need you naked with me."

Not wanting her to feel alone, I removed my trunks, exposing my hardness. A small group of boys watching immediately released their suits, anticipating sacrificing their penis for her pleasure. Jeannie grabbed my hands, leading me to her towel and pushing me down on my back. "Jeannie?" I questioned.

"Mr. Bron, I am so horny my pussy hurts." Before I could utter a word, she stepped over my stiffness and lowered her aching core onto me. "I need you inside me; I want you to be the first." Plunging down required no lubrication as her virgin slit opened and slid past inches of me. I had never been squeezed so tightly. Gasping for breath, she grabbed my hands, holding on tightly as she pumped vigorously. I could feel her vaginal muscles inspecting my pole as she raced up and down it uncontrollably. Jeannie's inner demon was in complete control, naked on the beach, surrendering her virginity, fucking her stepfather with an audience; she thought there could not be a more incredible feeling. I screamed with reckless abandonment as my hot seed exploded into her as she squeezed tighter and tighter, capturing each immense pulse.

"Oh my God, Mr. Bron, I can feel you shooting inside me! It feels so good to have you inside me!" I could hardly speak or move as she forced every ounce of sperm out, her tight pussy squeezing me as never before.

We packed up late, trying to recover from our intimate event; both of our bodies needed time to restore our strength after the vigorous sex.

"Jeannie, I had not anticipated this to happen; I am so sorry to put you in this position."

"Mr. Bron, stop; you did not put me into any position I did not desire. After today's activities, my pussy was in agony, and I was desperate to feel a man inside me. I wanted it to be you and not some stranger. This was my choice, and I loved it. I did not know what to expect; you inside me was the most wonderful sensation I have ever experienced, ever."

"I have never known a pussy so tight, Jeannie; you are amazing.'

"Mr. Bron, I love being naked with you!"

"Oh damn, Mother will be home when we get there. All I have is my tube dress!"

"Wrap up in the beach towel."

As I pulled in, we immediately noticed her car was not there, so we hurriedly ran inside to clean up. About thirty minutes later, Mom stepped in. "Sorry I am late; I had an emergency at the last minute. How was your day today? Oh Boy, both of you got some sun; a lot of it. I hope you used the sunscreen, or you will have a sunburn tomorrow."

"Yes, mam, I think we used the whole bottle."

"Mr. Bron took us to Wills Point Beach. I had the best day of my life there."

"I bet it was crowded on a Saturday."

"It was crowded, but they were quite accommodating. Jeannie drew quite an audience; she was the center of attention for many young boys."

"I'm sure she did with her long blonde hair; I'm glad you were there to oversee her; boys can be mischievous."

Jane and Jeannie sat in the front most of the night, visiting and catching up. I retreated to my bed around 9:00 PM, needing a whole night's rest. Early Sunday morning, Jane poked me in the bed- "Wake up, we need to talk." Adrenalin shot through my body, instantly anticipating the next move. "Jeannie wants to switch to the local college and asked me if she could live with us while she attends. I told her it was fine with me, but she would have to ask you herself."

My balls fell back out of my stomach in relief, and I could finally breathe again. My loyal liege kept her word; that was a relief!

"Bron, it will require a bit of your time with her being here; kids require attention, you know."

"Oh, sure. I think we can work everything out. I am always happy to give her a hand. I will wait to see if she asks me first."

Later that morning, as Jane was making breakfast Jeannie appeared, motioning for me to come over as she whispered in my ear, "Mr. Bron, I need to ask you something. I wanted to see if it would be ok for me to switch campuses and live with you guys for a while. I have already talked to my mother, and she said it was ok with her, but I needed to ask you personally. I need to be naked with you. Would you teach me more?"


