Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 31 (Chapter 31)

After Josy and Sophia returned to the bathroom, they gave the new toothbrush to Brian, and he started brushing his teeth. Melanie felt a bit out of place completely nude among three fully clothed people, and she gravitated towards Josy, leaning against her shoulder.

Sophia poked Josy in the ribs from the other side. “Are you sure you’re fine with them sleeping together?” she asked with a straight face.

“Uh, what?”

“The sleeping arrangements. Mel and Brian on the couch.”

Brian spit out his brush. Both he and Josy had a look of incredulity on their faces. Amused, Melanie shared a look with Sophia, who broke into giggles.

After he finished rinsing, they left the bathroom. Sophia went into her room to grab a spare blanket, while the others walked towards the common room. Almost at the last door before the common room – Josy’s bedroom – a door opened behind them. Josy steered Melanie in front of her, perhaps in an attempt to hide her from view.

“Hey, you all still up?” Someone asked.

Melanie recognized the voice as belonging to Livia, one of Josy’s roommates. In the four weeks since they had moved to these apartments, she hadn’t seen all that much of Livia yet. A brunette, if she remembered right.

“Yeah,” Josy answered. “We’re helping Brian set up on the couch.”

Melanie wanted to go into Josy’s room but was steered to the common room. She vividly remembered wearing nothing but a spaghetti strap top in the kitchen, with Livia and Jess sitting on one of the couches.

“Who?” Livia asked.

“Friend of Mel,” Josy said.

“Ah, Okie Dokie Artichokie,” Livia giggled.

Melanie could hear her skipping away down the hallway, and after hearing the door close, she turned on Josy. “Why did you…” Another door opened.

As Sophia walked in with a blanket, Josy whispered, “She definitely would’ve noticed you.”

Standing in front of his couch in his soccer outfit, Brian accepted the blanket. He looked at the girls. “Thanks. I guess I’ll see you tomorrow then.”

“Good night,” Melanie said. She turned to leave, but a hand on her arm held her there. “Hmm?”

“Surely you’re not sleeping in that,” Josy told him, pointing at his clothes.

“No, I’ll change,” he said, not making a move.

“Not like we didn’t see your boxers earlier.” Sophia grinned as she sat down on the opposite couch. “Well?”

Josy sat down as well, nudging Melanie to do the same.

Brian had a stubborn look on his face, but giving in, he said, “Whatever.” He whipped off his shirt and undershirt on one go and needed only a few seconds to push off his shorts, leaving him in just his boxers and socks. With a little color in the face, he sat down and took off his socks. Jumping under the blanket, he said, “Good night then.”

“Will you be able to sleep?” Sophia asked.

“What do you mean?”

“I mean…,” Sophia giggled, “with all the stimulation you had this evening.”

He looked away. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“Otherwise you won’t get any sleep,” Sophia said. Not getting a response from him, she walked to a box of tissues, took out a few and handed them to him. “Here or in the bathroom?”

Wide-eyed, Brian stared at the tissues in his hand.

“Oh my God. You’re only making it worse!” Melanie protested. She made a move to stand up, but Josy’s tug on her arm held her back.

“She’s right, Mel,” Josy said. “Sit between us.”

Though she wanted to get out of there, she was curious. They switched places so that Melanie was sitting between the two other girls.

Josy exchanged glances with Sophia, before continuing, “Now I guess you can take care of it in private, but if you want some visual stimulation, you have to do it here.”

Melanie couldn’t believe what she was hearing, and from the looks of it, neither could Brian. She felt Josy pull her right leg up and out, and quickly placed her hand in front of her pussy to hide it from view. Sophia copied the move with her other leg, and within moments she was spread wide, almost in the splits.

“Mel will give you a little show, if you take us up on that offer,” Josy said.

Shaking her head at Brian, Melanie guessed that she was the same shade of red as he was. Why was he looking at her like that? His eyes had drifted down, and all too late she realized that she wasn’t even hiding her puckered hole from his view.

Surely he wasn’t even considering going along with this insane suggestion. Yes, the idea of him seeing everything was skyrocketing her arousal, but neither he nor she would ever go along with this.

“You can do it under the blanket,” Josy added, her hand teasing the inside of Melanie’s soft thigh.

He swallowed audibly.

In the uncomfortable silence that followed, Melanie shuffled around. She tried to worm free of the grip on her legs, with only partial success on Sophia’s side.

“Be a good girl,” Josy said. She kept a good hold on the other leg, fingers dancing and teasing inwards on Melanie’s thigh.

“So, have you decided?” Sophia asked, her grip on Melanie’s leg returning.

“You’re all crazy,” Melanie said. She turned her head towards Josy, and knowing what they expected her to do, she added, “I’m not moving my hand.”

Josy tugged on Melanie’s pinky finger. “Give him something; spread your fingers.”

Between sitting in a vulnerable position, completely nude among three clothed individuals, the sexual suggestions, and Josy’s teasing fingers, Melanie felt as if in a daze. She wasn’t sure anymore why she had resisted so strongly. Her head fell to the side, and while her middle finger still hid her center, her other fingers were slowly spreading herself open.

Josy whispered in her ear. “Tease your nipple for him.”

Her left hand went up to her breast, finding an erect nipple. As she tweaked it, twitches rocked her body. Surprised by how aroused she felt, it took everything not to move that middle finger. She hadn’t expected that she’d be so turned on this quickly. She very much didn’t want to give them a show that ended in her orgasm. However, at this rate that was beginning to seem inevitable.

“What’s this?” Josy whispered, her fingers joining Melanie’s at her center. “Such a wet, naughty girl.”

Her core muscles tensed up. The combined stimulation of her own and Josy’s fingers nearly swept her away. Her middle finger pressed down as she rocked her hips. Allowing her eyes to drift closed, she tried to hold still, hoping to regain her composure. However, her middle finger refused to hold still, gently sliding upwards. She let out a long moan as it lazily penetrated her.

“No Mel, you can’t,” Josy whispered. She grabbed that hand and started pulling it away.

Melanie complained – an entirely different moan. As her finger slipped out, she hid her pussy with her other hand. Light-headed from the mounting arousal, she brought the guilty finger up to her mouth, licking it clean. “Please,” she begged, but Josy kept her hand from moving. The two girls on either side of her giggled, and she felt them loosen their grips. She shifted her hips and pulled free, trapping her hand between her closing legs. Still, she was denied further stimulation.

Sitting there with her eyes closed, she waited for her breathing to return to normal.

She sighed and opened her eyes. “Can we go now?” Though annoyed, she was hoping for alone time with Josy – and soon!

“Yes, we’re all done here,” Sophia quipped.

Josy stood up, and said, “I don’t think Mel noticed.”

“Noticed what?” Standing up as well, Melanie looked between the three others.

The other girls were looking at Brian, who was mostly hidden by his blanket. His eyes darted between the three, but then he shuffled around. Without a word, he turned away from them, hiding his face.

Melanie was anxious to leave, but a door opened. Waiting and listening, she heard the approaching footsteps. She’d barely managed to move behind Josy before Livia walked in and used her arms to hide herself as best she could.

“Hey, thought I’d come say hi. Oh.”

“Hi Livia,” Josy said.

“Why…” Livia took a few steps to the side. “Is that…?”

“Yes. She lost a bet.” Josy stepped aside, exposing Melanie.

Livia looked skeptical. “Right.” She turned to Brian, who was still under his blanket, showing only his face. “And you’re Brian?”

Brian turned his head to look at her and nodded. “Nice to meet you,” he said, but did not offer a hand.

“Did you also ‘lose a bet’?” Livia asked, her words dripping with sarcasm.

“Uhm, no,” Brian said. He turned onto his back but kept the blanket up to his neck.

Meanwhile, Josy successfully pried Melanie’s arms away from her body, much to the latter’s dismay.

“Keep that blanket right there. I’ll take your word for it,” Livia laughed. “Enjoy your ‘games’.” With that she went back to her room.

“She saw right through it.” Melanie sighed, frowning as the others seemed to have lost the capacity for speech. She pulled Josy towards the doorway, saying, “Night,” to the other two.

Finally together in the bedroom, Melanie turned towards Josy with the intent to jump her, but seeing the discomfort on her face, she waited for her to speak.

“Went too far,” Josy murmured, eyes on the floor.

Or not far enough, Melanie thought. She lifted Josy’s chin back up, locking eyes. Her heart filled with joy as she saw the frown turn into a smile. She closed the distance, and they shared a brief kiss. “Let’s get you ready for bed.”

Turning towards her wardrobe, Josy began to take off her costume, with some assistance. Once down to her underwear, she looked back over her shoulder.

Deciding to take the chance, Melanie stepped up and unclipped Josy’s bra. She thought back to all the times the choice had been taken for her. At the park, the gym, the rooftop – she had let it happen. Now Josy needed her help. “Turn around,” she said.

Josy let go of the nightshirt she had picked up and turned to face her.

Noting a nervous smile but sensing it was okay to continue, Melanie pushed the bra straps off Josy’s shoulders and let it fall away. She broke eye contact, getting her first good look at Josy’s bared c-cup breasts in the low light of the bedside lamp. Firm and round, with rosy colored areolae and nipples. She slowly moved her hands up and placed them on both breasts, her thumbs reaching to touch the hardening nipples.

Josy gasped, “Oh, Mel.” She moved in, wrapping her arms around the still naked girl, and they hugged, their heads on each other’s shoulders, their chests pressed together. They held each other for a good long moment.

Breaking away, Josy smiled. “Wait for me.”

Unsure what that meant exactly, Melanie aimed a question at her, but noticed Josy’s avoiding eyes. “Hmm?”

“I need to… put on fresh panties,” Josy said. She looked apologetic. “Uhm, in the bathroom.”

Understanding, Melanie smiled at her. “Okay. I’ll be here.” She got into bed while Josy slipped on a nightshirt.

With a wink, Josy held up a skimpy pair of laced panties. She hid them in her hand as she disappeared out the door.

Melanie could hardly wait for her return. She had a strong suspicion that Josy would wear nothing but those panties for their first night together as girlfriends.

She closed her eyes, remembering their kiss, and imagining more – with nothing in the way except for panties. She would give Josy the time she needed for that next step. Opening her eyes, she shook her head. How could she be sleepy at a time like this? She probably shouldn’t close her eyes, but it was hard to resist… and Josy was so sexy. She hugged the blankets, imagined wrapping both her arms and legs around her girlfriend.

Wait for me.

Her eyes had closed, and she shook her head again. Josy was making her wait…perhaps had decided to take a shower. Thinking back to the panties, and trying to imagine Josy wearing them, she smiled. Finally, sleep caught her unaware, the exhaustion of the long evening catching up with her.

~~~

*Knock knock*

‘Why…’ Melanie thought. She didn’t want to wake up, feeling that it was way too early. However, by the time the knocking was repeated, she became aware of periodic breathing against her cheek, as well as the feeling of her right arm embraced by two soft and warm… Her eyes shot open. Breasts! Josy’s breasts!

“Give us a minute?” Josy lifted her head to ask.

“Okay, just don’t fall asleep again,” came Sophia’s voice from outside.

“We need to get up. They are waiting for us.”

Melanie groaned. She wanted to stay like that; didn’t want to get up. She turned her head and teased her lips close to Josy’s, pulling away before the other could react. “I can’t believe I fell asleep,” she sighed.

The thought was driven from her mind as Josy sat up. Voluptuous. Curvaceous. Capped by two light pink nipples. She wanted to give the nearest one a quick kiss, but it moved out of her reach as Josy got out of bed. Wait, no! Why hide those wonderful breasts?

Josy had put on a long shirt but stopped Melanie from getting dressed. “You don’t need anything. Let’s go shower first.”

“But…”

“Everyone is still asleep. Come.” Josy pulled her by the hand, out the door and to the bathroom. Sophia’s door was ajar.

While Josy watched through a half-open curtain, Melanie enjoyed a hot shower. She wanted to make a quick dash back, but Josy held her hand and forced her into a slow pace. Back in the bedroom, she again went for her clothes.

“Wait.” Josy stepped in front of her. “We both know how much you enjoyed last night. Our little party, I mean.” She winked. “Today, I will push you. Do you trust me?”

“Push me?” Melanie considered it for a moment. Trust her – yes. What did Josy have in mind? She nodded.

“I was thinking… You will do what I say. Without question.” Josy rubbed the back of Melanie’s hand with her thumb.

Melanie trembled in curious anticipation. She had no idea what Josy had in mind, or how she was going to be pushed. It was a wild idea to agree to go along with every suggestion, request, push, or even command, without knowing in advance. Could she promise not to resist or push back? “Yes, I trust you,” she said, tingles running down her back.

Surprisingly, Josy gave her some clothes to wear: warm knee-high socks, lace thong panties and a small spaghetti strap top that barely covered her panties. Josy then left the room, and less than a minute later she was back, Sophia and Brian in tow.

“Mel wants to have breakfast as she is,” Josy began, “because she’s not sure if she’s ready to be nude around our roommates.” She nodded at Sophia, and then put a hand on Melanie’s shoulder. “Livia saw her last night, but the others…”

Melanie bit her lip in an effort to hide her surprise at Josy’s spin on things.

“Hmm,” Sophia looked pensive. “I heard Jess come home around six, so she won’t be up for hours. I don’t know if Ivanna is here, but Camille is at her boyfriend’s.”

“I guess we can try?” Melanie probed. She felt Josy’s hand nudging her lower back. She had to pretend that she was considering breakfast in the nude, and the idea that she might be pushed into it awoke the butterflies in her tummy.

The others were watching her, likely wondering what she might do, but she saw encouraging smiles on their faces. She took a step forward, and with a little pressure from Josy, continued to the door.

Why was she in front? The butterflies were gathering, as if preparing for something big. What if there was someone in the common room already? Might Josy make her strip? She looked back over her shoulder. Somehow she was several steps in front of them. Trust and show resolve. Holding her head high and shoulders back, she strutted into the common room.

It was empty.

“Anyway,” Sophia began, “I’ll be in my room. I might join you later.”

Melanie noted the couch with the ruffled blanket and went to the kitchen to sit down. The others joined her there and they made breakfast. As they ate, they talked about their plans for the day. They would be going swimming that afternoon with Sarah, Cohen and whoever else came along.

“Mel didn’t want to wear panties, but I suggested that she do. Real nice ones too – want to see?”

Brian shrugged his shoulders, but he wasn’t fooling anyone with the eager look on his face.

“Show ‘em, Mel.”

Not only had Josy made it sound like Melanie wanted to go without panties, now she was telling her to show them off. How far was she expected to go? She remembered Josy’s words… she would do it without question. She took a deep breath. It was just showing her panties – her dainty white lace thong panties…

Standing up from her chair, Melanie held back from asking ‘do I have to’. She grasped the hem of the top with both hands. Putting on a smile, she gradually lifted it up until she had it just above the waistband of her panties.

Josy turned to Brian. “Do you like them?” After he nodded, she continued, “What do you like most about them? How skimpy they are? Or perhaps how they tease you with a sneak peek between the lace?”

Brian didn’t respond – he was too busy losing his fight not to stare.

Waving her hand in front of his face, Josy grinned. She turned back to Melanie, saying, “Since you’re still standing…” She moved closer and touched the elastic band. “I wanted to ask Brian one more thing.”

Curious tingles traveled from the back of Melanie’s head, down her neck and back, raising goosebumps along the way. What was Josy planning?

“Brian?” Josy nudged his shoulder and got his attention. “We all saw her beautiful tummy yesterday, but did you notice just how fit she is?”

He nodded.

Josy laughed. “Guess we all did, but Mel, show us again. Lift your top.”

“But…” Melanie said, catching herself. Unable to believe she was doing this, her resistance melting under the pressure of Josy’s commands, she began lifting the top up further.

At her belly button, Josy said, “Higher. Keep going.” Almost up to her breasts. “Go on, show us your belly.” With the fabric pressed against the slopes. “I’ll say when.”

Melanie inched her top further, waiting for the word. Using her ring and pinky fingers to hide her nipples, she managed to push the top up above her breasts.

Thankfully, Josy finally said, “Okay, good.”

Everything from panties up to her chest was exposed. Another wave of tingles spread goosebumps over her stomach, as she wondered what Josy wanted. She inhaled sharply as Josy came closer and put her hand on her tummy just below her belly button.

“I guess last night wasn’t just a dream,” Brian quipped.

Josy laughed. “How drunk were you?”

“Not that drunk,” he said, grinning.

“Am I the only one who’s jealous of this tummy? She’s not too skinny, but her stomach is firm and well defined.” Josy’s hand explored the bare skin almost up to Melanie’s breasts, and then traced back down. “I love these lines.” She continued down until she reached the panties. “It’s all that yoga and running she does. Come a little closer.”

Brian appeared to be frozen in place, until he finally took a step forward. Closing the distance under Josy’s guidance, he sat on a chair in front of Melanie.

“Watch,” Josy said, her hand running down Melanie’s abdomen. “Do you see?” Pinching the waistband between two fingers, she started pulling it to the side.

Melanie felt the delicate material slide over her mons, exposing more and more. It began to pull against her lips. The motion was reversed until the other side was exposed, and she wondered whether she should put a stop to it – or if she even could.

Josy pulled further this time, and the thong slipped over Melanie’s lip to rest between.

Melanie gasped. “What…what are you doing?”

Brian leaned closer, not even blinking as Josy continued the sliding and pulling until the panties were splitting Melanie’s lips.

“Uh, what am I supposed to see?” he managed to ask with a big grin.

With the back of the fingers of her other hand, Josy caressed Melanie’s soft, exposed labia in slow but deliberate up and down motions.

Trying to maintain her stance, Melanie wondered how long she would have to stay like that. With their attention kept firmly on her nether regions, she risked rubbing her fingers over her sensitive nipples, mimicking the movements of Josy’s fingers. She had to bite her lip in order to keep quiet under the combined stimulation.

“Oops, I got distracted,” Josy mused. Hooking a finger into the elastic band of the thong panties, she began to slowly drag it down.

Feeling the fabric sliding down her mound, Melanie stammered, “Maybe…Uhm… Isn’t that enough?”

“Relax, just a little more.”

How could she relax with Brian staring close-up at her pussy, of which more and more was being uncovered? Inadvertently, her stomach muscles tensed up. She didn’t know how drunk Brian had been exactly, but he was surely sober this morning. The butterflies were having a crazy party in her tummy, as the panties bunched up below her mons, still trapped as they were.

“No stubble, but look closely. Can you see the tiny hairs?”

Brian leaned in and pointed with a finger, almost touching. “Yes, little blonde hairs here and there.”

“It’s ‘cause she waxes but needs to do it again.”

Melanie gasped. “Oh my God, Josy.”

“What? It’s true, isn’t it?”

Sighing, she nodded. Though there were only a few tiny hairs that might be visible from up close, she wanted to get rid of them. She wanted to be perfectly smooth and felt she had already neglected it for too long. Still, to point it out to Brian…

Suddenly, Josy stood up, walking out of the common room. “Hang on, I’ll be right back.”

With Brian that close, keeping perfectly still, Melanie tried not to think about how much he could see. Between her panties sitting so low that they were barely hiding her clit and the material pulled between her lips… She shook her head to clear her mind and turned her gaze towards the doorway. With tension and excitement coursing through her veins, her left leg was bouncing on her foot by the time Josy came back with a tube of skincare lotion.

“Hold still,” Josy said, as she squeezed a few cool globs of lotion onto Melanie’s abdomen.

Gasping at the sensation, she nevertheless tried to hold still. It was difficult due to the fact that Josy proceeded to spread and rub the lotion into her mound, taking her time and even pausing to add additional lotion.

How much could Brian see from that close, Melanie wondered? She was broken out of the thought by the fingers that dipped under the thong, rubbing sideways over her clit. On the third pass, it became too much. She lost her balance and took a step backwards to keep from falling.

Josy’s fingers lost their hold with a snap of the waistband, and one of Melanie’s hands shot down to her panties, afraid Brian was seeing too much. She fiddled with them to make sure but did not pull them up.

After a moment of silence, Josy said, “Okay, one more thing. You know how Mel has some insecurities about her butt?”

He nodded. “I don’t know why.”

“Turn around,” Josy said, nudging Melanie’s hip.

“But…”

“Do it. Let us help you.”

Another shiver running through her, Melanie submitted. Trust… After turning around, she jumped as she felt a soft hand on her right butt cheek. “What are you doing?”

“Helping you. Brian, how would you rate this butt?” She continued pressing and prodding.

“It’s perfect.”

Melanie shook her head. “You’re just saying that.”

“Shh, quiet Mel. Brian, be honest and tell her what’s great about her butt. Here, let’s get this out of the way.”

Melanie felt Josy take hold of the panties that were halfway down her butt, pulling them even lower and causing a sharp intake of air. Still holding the top up above her breasts, she asked, “Can I let go?”

“I will tell you when. Brian?”

“Tight butt,” Brian said as the panties were lowered to the floor, and Melanie stepped out of them.

“I know what you mean,” Josy said. With a gentle touch, she guided Melanie into a quarter turn, so that they had a side view. “She doesn’t have the biggest butt, but like, curvy, and yet there’s no line here.” She ran her fingers down Melanie’s glutes and onto her thighs.

“Line?”

“Honestly, Mel doesn’t know how good she has it. It’s probably her running, and maybe the yoga. This curve, I mean,” Josy said, her fingers yet again going up and down the part where her butt cheek met her thighs.

Melanie felt a shiver run through her.

“Ah, yes. So nice.”

“See, Mel? You have a nice butt. No need to feel insecure about it.”

“More than nice,” he said.

Although Melanie felt thoroughly embarrassed to have her butt assessed like this, she appreciated the attempt. Did they really mean all that? She watched them paying close attention, while Josy was kneading her glutes. She was about to thank them, when her butt received a light slap, causing her to gasp.

“Couldn’t resist,” Josy laughed, going back to her seat. She stuffed the panties into her jeans pocket.

Still holding the top up above her breasts, Melanie felt the heat in her face, noting Brian’s shocked surprise. A door opening in the hallway almost made her lose grip on her top, and with a shaking voice, she asked, “Josy?”

The footsteps went the other way, towards the bathroom.

Josy appeared unperturbed. “Hmm? What?”

“When?” Melanie asked with a trembling voice. Her fingers were getting tired, so she shifted her grip, no longer hiding her nipples.

“Oh right, haha. I don’t know.” Another door opened. The footsteps were approaching. “Okay, fine.”

Melanie lowered her top, covering herself just in time.

Livia walked in, with a chippy, “Morning.” She paused. She had a funny look on her face as she watched Melanie, who was still standing there with her fingers on the hem. “Were you naked just now?”

With one more tug at the hem, Melanie froze. She should have denied it right away but was tongue-tied.

“Thought so. Heard the rustle. You didn’t have to for my sake.”

Josy smiled. “Thank you, Liv.”

“The others, I don’t know. I mean, I don’t know if it’s a kink or if you’re a nudist, but you do you.”

“Uhm,” Melanie managed, her face burning.

“I was already suspecting something, with what you’re wearing all the time.” Livia looked from face to face. “The others probably as well. Jess, I mean. She won’t give a shit either.”

“Jess?” Melanie wasn’t sure if she remembered her.

“Oh. You flashed her once.” Livia laughed, pointing at the couches. “Over there. You were wearing some sexy number. Remember?”

Melanie definitely remembered that, feeling the heat rising in her face. She’d been wearing one of Reese’s gifts – a chemise – and Jess had commented on how Melanie’s breasts had been visible when she had leaned over. It had been tame compared to the Halloween party.

Josy smiled. “Go ahead, Mel.”

Being put on the spot like that, Melanie shot a panicked glance at Josy. Not only had Livia’s suspicions basically been confirmed, was she now expected to strip? “Maybe…maybe another time.” She felt that it wasn’t a strong push, and she was allowed to choose, but why had she said that?!

“Sure,” Livia said, and then giggled, “though you’re clearly not wearing anything under that tiny top.” She turned away from them and went to the kitchen counter.

Leaning over the table, Josy nudged Melanie, mouthing, “Come on.”

Melanie felt the tension in her body as she sat down at the table, legs to the side and pressed together. She knew she could do it, especially considering Livia had already seen her naked the previous evening. She touched the hem, and Josy nodded vigorously at her. Lifting it up to her belly button, she paused, but Josy leaned in and took over. Raising her arms up above her head, Melanie glanced at Livia, who turned towards them the moment before the top was whisked up over her arms and off. Without the table between them, everything was on display.

Assaulted by nerves, Melanie knew there was no going back. All of Livia’s suspicions had been confirmed: It was not a bet of any kind. The only thing Livia wouldn’t know was the reason why she was doing this. She found comfort in tugging at her knee-high socks, though it didn’t make a difference in her exposure.

Livia walked over with her food and sat down. With a smile and a wink, she started eating. “So, it wasn’t a bet.”

Melanie shook her head, studying the remains of her breakfast. “Are you sure you don’t mind?”

“You’re still worried about that? It’s fine. Look…” Livia took another bite and stood up. As she chewed, she held up a finger, surprising them by walking away and leaving the room.

“Although I don’t want to –” Brian mourned, standing up as well. The bulge in his pants was obvious. “I need to go home, get ready for our swim.” He hesitated for a moment before adjusting himself right in front of them.

Josy giggled. Melanie tried not to react, but she was glad she wasn’t the only one affected.

After he gathered his things, they went to the front door to see him out, but then Josy said, “Let’s see him off to the elevator.”

“Wait, what?” Melanie asked, as she was being shepherded out the door. One step outside she held firm and was about to push back when Josy moved right up to her.

“In exchange for a sexy gift,” Josy whispered in her ear.

The promise whispered in a sultry voice sent tingles down Melanie’s body and she nodded after checking both directions of the hallway.

They walked to the corner. Josy waited there, telling Melanie to, “See him off.” From there it was another thirty meters to the elevators.

“Oh my God, oh my God,” Melanie kept repeating, feeling the weight of all her mistakes that morning: Taking off the top, going out the door, walking to the elevator.

“Are you really okay with this?” he asked.

She looked around nervously. “No.”

They arrived at the elevators, and Brian frowned at her. “Do you want me to talk to Josy?”

Melanie looked back to where Josy was waiting. “Ah… no, that’s okay.”

“So, you are okay with this,” he said, his frown disappearing as he took in her nudity.

She hugged her chest. “That’s not… heh…” she stammered, looking down and adding, “helpful.”

He laughed as he stepped into the elevator. “See you this afternoon then. Thank you. This whole thing was just… phenomenal.” He kept his eyes on her, while reaching for a button to press. After hitting several wrong ones, he broke his gaze and finally found the one for the ground floor.

“Bye,” she said in a tiny voice as the doors closed.

Sighing, she turned to walk back and was confronted with a guy and a girl walking up to her. She quickly moved one arm between her legs, but they laughed. Hurrying back to the corner, she saw Josy grinning at her, so she lightly slapped her on the arm. In return, she received a quick slap to her butt and yelped, adding a spring to her step. Thankfully, there were no other encounters.

Afterwards, Josy directed a reluctant Melanie back to the kitchen, where two roommates were waiting for them.

Melanie cringed, feeling certain they knew all about her going out the front door in nothing but her socks. Sure enough, Livia watched her with a raised eyebrow, though the clearly hungover Jess might not have noticed.

Jess was wearing a comfy-looking bathrobe that covered her from neck to ankles. However, it couldn’t fully disguise her ample figure. “You weren’t joking, she really is naked,” the strawberry blonde laughed, and then added, “Ow, my head.” She held her head and sat down, watching through half closed eyes, with her hand tangled in her medium length morning hair.

Surprised by the girl’s attitude, Melanie stood there, not knowing what to do. She felt Josy move behind her and take her hair. Closing her eyes, the enjoyable feeling of her hair being braided kept her distracted.

“Aren’t you lovely? Now that’s good hangover medicine.” Jess grinned. By the time the braid was finished, she suddenly stood up and walked out the room, saying, “My guy needs to see this.”

Understanding the meaning, Melanie turned and shot a panicked glance towards Josy.

“Her boyfriend is here?” Josy asked Livia, while taking Melanie by the hand.

Livia shrugged her shoulders. “Guess so.”

They both waved at Livia as they skipped back to Josy’s room.

“You get dressed while I get my things.” Josy packed her bag for swimming. When they were done, she said, “Okay, let’s go.”

After a quick hop to her apartment, Melanie was undressing – with some help – so she could change into a clean set of clothes.

“Those little hairs… you’ll need to take care of them before we go swimming. With your new suit, they might show.”

“They’re small. No one would notice,” Melanie objected, though she paused while reaching for a fresh pair of panties.

“So is your suit. Better safe than sorry.” Josy grinned. She went through Melanie’s drawers and found the waxing supplies.

Sighing, Melanie let herself be led to the bathroom. She quickly rinsed and dried off, and with Josy watching, she applied the wax strips and removed the little hairs from her mons and labia. It was strange doing this in front of someone, and even though they had grown close, her hands were trembling.

“It’s okay, Mel.”

Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, Melanie tried to calm herself. She decided to wax the rest another time, as that would be too much with Josy watching. She reached for the aftercare skin cream.

“Aren’t you going to finish?”

Melanie shook her head, with the beginnings of a frown forming.

“I can help you with the hard-to-reach areas,” Josy offered, pulling Melanie up from her chair. She continued, “Turn around. Give me a doggy on the chair.”

“Oh my God.” Melanie was mortified, but with some pushing, she let herself be guided into the proposed position, her knees on the seat and leaning on the backrest.

“Up and out with that tush. You need to spread those cheeks for me.”

Feeling the heat in her face, Melanie knew she’d never be doing this if it weren’t for Josy. Once in position, she felt the wax strips being applied and braced herself, mostly for the embarrassment. After all, since she did this regularly, there was almost no pain involved.

Josy told her to stay like that, while she gently applied the skin cream where she could reach. Once done, she had Melanie turn around again and added cream to the remaining areas.

Enjoying both the soothing cream and the attention, Melanie closed her eyes and let her head fall back. By the time her girlfriend was done, she was thoroughly aroused and certain the evidence was there to see.

“There you go, that wasn’t so bad, was it? Shall we clean up?”

Thankfully cleaning up didn’t include Josy’s patented tissue attention to combat the effects of Melanie’s arousal, and soon they were ready to go back to the bedroom. Not allowed to use her towel as cover, Melanie prepared herself for the quick dash across the hallway. She opened the door.

Leaning against the wall opposite the bathroom door, was Reese. Looking up from her phone, she chimed, “Oh!”

All too late, Melanie covered herself – one arm across her chest and the other between her legs.

“Hey,” Josy said, pressing up against Melanie’s back. “I don’t think we’ve met before. I’m Josy.” She reached around, extending a hand.

Reese introduced herself, pausing from idly untangling her ash blonde hair to extend her hand.

“Ah, heard about you. I think Mel is getting nervous standing here, so let’s go back inside for a sec.” Josy took Melanie by the upper arm.

Once all three were in the bathroom, Josy put their waxing items back on the counter, closed the door and touched Melanie’s hands. “Don’t be silly Mel, she already saw you.”

“Josy…” Melanie complained but offered little resistance as her arms were pulled away from her body. She saw her roommates’ eyes roving up and down, paying extra attention to her chest.

Reese took her time and as she shifted her gaze to Josy with a knowing look. She smiled, returning her focus to the main attraction. “You have lovely boobs,” she gushed with her characteristically quiet voice.

“I hope you don’t mind,” Josy said. “You know, her being a nudist?”

“She’s not.”

“But she is,” Josy insisted, as she put her arms around Melanie’s waist from behind.

“She’s not,” Reese breathed. “Don’t worry, I won’t tell the others.”

Melanie turned her head to whisper to Josy, “It’s okay.”

“Oh,” Josy said softly. After a brief pause, she giggled. “So, Reese, I understand you also have an appreciation for the color pink.”

“I do…” Reese let the second word be drawn out into a dreamy sigh. Her eyes darted to the items they had placed on the counter. “Some personal grooming?”

Josy moved one of her hands down to glide over Melanie’s freshly waxed mons. “Just some touching up.”

Melanie groaned, unable to believe her ears as the two fully clothed girls talked about her. In an attempt to keep herself from covering up again, she twirled her fingertips on her hips.

“Make sure you use plenty of cream. Take care of that beauty.” Reese’s voice trailed off as her eyes drifted down to Melanie’s pussy.

“You’re right. Okay Mel, hold still for a moment,” Josy said, kneeling on the bathroom mat.

Seeing Reese kneeled down as well, Melanie was frozen in place. She couldn’t believe the situation, entranced by the two girls in front of her. Her arousal was building again, even before the fingers began adding more cream. She fully expected that they would again migrate downwards and hoped Josy would have mercy on her, and refrain from making her sit down and spread her legs.

As expected, the fingers and cream continued on to Melanie’s labia, and seeing the thought forming in Josy’s mind, she steeled herself.

“Sit. I need better access.”

“Please,” Melanie begged, her butt already touching the seat. Her legs were pushed open a little bit, and she turned her head to the side. She couldn’t face them like this.

“Am I doing this right?” Josy asked, her fingers spreading the cool cream around Melanie’s outer lips.

Reese hummed, and said, “Yes. Just make sure you don’t miss anything.”

“Okay,” Josy agreed, pushing Melanie’s legs further out until they were more than shoulder width apart.

Melanie gasped, knowing that for the third time Reese had a clear view of her wet inner folds. “Can you hurry?” Despite herself, she moaned, enjoying Josy’s fingers more than she could bear. Her abdominal muscles twitched, and her hips rocked. A tremor passing through her center made her legs jump a little.

“Do that again,” Reese whispered.

Melanie didn’t want a repeat, but when Josy’s slippery fingers journeyed up along her center and found her clit, her body betrayed her. Eyes fluttering, she barely suppressed another moan.

Reese let out a happy sigh. She licked her lips, looking up at Melanie and whispering, “I was right about you.”

With a light pat on Melanie’s mons, Josy said, “Okay, I think that’s enough.”

“Probably for the best,” Reese bemoaned. “I’m in a lot of trouble already.”

Though Melanie wanted more cream, she sighed and nodded. She noted Reese’s troubled look, though the girl was still staring. Catching her breath, she asked, “Alli?”

Reese nodded.

Josy grinned. She helped Melanie up from the chair and after they collected their things, they returned to the bedroom, one of them still nude and on shaky legs.

“Are you sure you’re okay with her seeing me like that?” Melanie voiced the worry that had been growing in her mind.

Josy nodded. “Because only I can touch you,” she said, playfully touching the other’s nose with her fingertip. “You enjoyed it, and so did I. Glad I remembered your mentions of Reese.”

Melanie wasn’t sure if she enjoyed all that. Not only had she been Josy’s plaything, but her lesbian roommate had also been given a front row seat to the show. Worse, she’d been steadily brought towards orgasm, only to be left hanging. “I need…” she moaned but was unable to complete the sentence.

A look of understanding formed on Josy’s face, but then it turned apologetic. “It will have to wait. We’re running late as it is.”

Frustrated, Melanie wanted to let herself fall backwards on her bed, but Josy pushed her towards the door.

“You need to go and clean yourself up. Then get dressed.”

“I’ll do that here.” Melanie quickly grabbed a tissue, not willing to risk another encounter in the hallway. After dabbing with the tissue, she felt with her fingers, paying a bit more attention than necessary to her love button, but Josy put a stop to it and gave her a quick kiss. A reluctant Melanie got dressed, packed her bag for swimming, and they left shortly after.
