
A World of My Choosing
 
An Out-of-this-World Story by
Gil Gamesh

Chapter Eleven 

The second morning after Iains arrival, my internal clock awakened me just a few minutes before six. Aimee had set the alarm on my clock to wake me up by six-thirty but I never needed it. Since I usually went to bed early, I was ready to get up early.

I called for Lights On and then rolled out of bed. My penis was showing off with its usual morning piss-hard and I needed to relieve it but I wanted to awaken Iain first. I walked over to his bed and stood there looking at him. He was turned with his back toward me and the blanket that was supposed to be covering him had slipped away. His butt was completely exposed and I couldnt help but grin when I saw it. His back was tanned as were his legs but the narrow band around his hips was strikingly white. Between his legs I could see the back of his scrotum with one testicle showing. I still couldnt see any hair in the crack of his ass or on his scrotum. He certainly wasnt like me.

I cleared my throat and when that didnt work I said his name. Iain, wake up.

He rolled over and looked at me. What? he said sleepily. He looked up at my morning hard-on and seemed surprised to see it. I didnt see any reason to hide it from him.

Im going down the mountain today. Ive got a project Im working on. Would you like to help me?

He stretched in all directions, groaned loudly, and finally managed to say, Yeah. The blanket slipped away and I saw another morning hard-on. 

Well, get up. I can offer you some rabbit or deer if you want it. I dont have any fish but thats why Im going down the mountain. I can cook you a couple of eggs. If you dont want any of that, youll have to eat Nutty Buddies again.

What?

I grinned. He couldnt know what I had started calling the nutrition bars.

Nutty Buddies, you know, like the cookies. Thats what I call the nutrition bars.

He smiled at that. Evidently he knew what Nutty Buddies were.

Can I take a hot shower first? Im still achy from the trip.

Yeah, now get up. Ill take one too.  Ive got to piss and I think you do too.

In the toilet, Iain watched me while I went through my usual pissing routine: pull my foreskin back until the head of my penis was completely exposed, lean forward with my left hand on the wall and my right holding my penis pointed slightly down, piss and give a big sigh of relief, milk it down, shake, and cover up. I noticed that he followed my example and then looked up at me and grinned when he was finished.

Ive never watched another guy piss before, he said. Ive always been a little shy and I never liked guys looking at me. 

Well, you can just get rid of your shyness, Iain, I said. This is a new world and were going to be different about nudity. Besides youve got nothing to be shy about. Youre a good looking guy and your penis is certainly not smaller than normal.

Yeah, but yours is a lot bigger than normal. Ill bet women really like it.

Anna does, Iain. Shes the only woman whose opinion matters to me.

In the shower, we bathed under adjacent shower heads. Iain again followed my example and grinned at me the whole time. When I handed him my soapy washcloth and asked him to scrub my back, he did it too gently. I told him to give it a really good scrubbing. I returned the favor and made him groan a few times.

In the kitchen, Iain sat at the counter while I prepared our breakfast. I got a couple of bottles of juice, gave him one, and took a few swallows out of the other. I chopped a pile of wild onions, greens and all, and sauted them in a little olive oil. Wild onions grew everywhere and Id already learned to like them, especially the ones with the bulb about the size of a quarter. I chopped some left-over potatoes and threw them in the pan. Then I broke six large eggs in a bowl, whipped them, and poured them in the pan with the onions and potatoes.

Where did you get eggs? he asked. I thought all we had to eat was meat and Nutty Buddies.

Theyre not from chickens, Iain, I said and watched his reaction. Theyre from sea-birds. Aimee taught me how to pick one egg out of each nest and how to get the freshest ones. They taste a little fishy but Im used to them. I hardly ever get one with an embryo in it.

Aimee taught you? How does she know about stuff like that?

I told you Aimee has an immense knowledge of everything. Dont you, Aimee?

Yes, David, I do, she answered from somewhere. Iain jumped.

Damn, she scared me. Is she always listening?

Yep. She is unless I tell her not to. I like having Aimee around, Iain. Shes good company and she helps me a lot. I think youll like her too.

Thank you, David. I like having you around too, she said from where ever.

Well, why does she get to wear clothes and we have to go naked? Do we have to stay naked all the time?

She wears clothes because shes a beautiful sexy woman and I dont want to get an erection every time I see her. Isnt that right, Aimee?

Yes, David, Men have a rather prominent display when they are sexually aroused. I do not think you should cook with an erect penis.

Iain looked at me with an unbelieving expression.

Yes, Iain, I said. She has a sense of humor too. To answer your other question: You dont have to stay naked. You can wear clothes any time you want but the supply is limited. The temperature and humidity inside is set so were comfortable naked.

I raked some of the onions and potatoes and eggs out in Iains plate, some in mine, and left some in the pan. Iain started cautiously and then I suppose his hunger took over. He cleaned his plate and, when I pushed the frying pan toward him, he ate the rest. I had learned that some eggs or meat and juice held me until mid-morning and then I had a Nutty Buddy if I was really hungry. From Iains appetite, I knew Id better take a few extra Nutty Buddies with me when we went down the mountain.

I helped Iain get outfitted in his size of Robin Hood clothes and put on a fresh set of my own. We found that the medium moccasins which just covered his ankles fit him perfectly. I put on the extra-large size which came half-way up my calf. He pranced around worse than I did, looking at himself in the mirror and grinning a mile wide all the time.

Inside the weapons storeroom, I gave Iain a quick tour and answered some more of his never-ending questions. Then I retrieved my knives, strapped the scabbard around my waist, went over to the spears, and picked out a longer one for me and a shorter for him. He looked at me with a surprised expression on his face when I held out one to him.

What do I need that for? he asked. Ive never thrown a spear.

I held the spear with the sharp end up and tapped the blunt end of the floor.

The path gets a little rough in some places going down the mountain, Iain. Youll be glad you have something to help you keep your balance. Aimee says there are no large animals on the mountain but you probably should get used to carrying a spear to defend yourself. Now lets go in the kitchen. We may be gone all day and were going to need some Nutty Buddies and some juice. I hope you like fish because thats what I hope we have for lunch. We wont need water because there are streams all over the mountain and theres a lake down near where were going.

Well, may I have a knife too? Youve got two. Can I maybe have one?

I took Big Boy out of the scabbard, laid it in my left palm so he could see it, and held it out. As Grandfather had taught me, I deliberately turned the blade so it was pointing at me.

This is Big Boy, Iain. The other one is Little Boy. You wont need a knife today. If you do, Ill lend you one of mine. Like I said, there are no dangerous animals here.

Where did you get those knives? Theyre beautiful. They dont look anything like the rest of the stuff in here.

My grandfather gave them to me, Iain. Theyre precious to me.

Did you ever kill anybody with them? he asked, looking up at my face.

I did not want to get into my past life with Iain today. Maybe I would never want to share that with him. I needed to think long and hard before I did. I decided to answer truthfully.

Yes, I did, Iain.  I was a soldier before I came here and I cut a jihadists throat with Big Boy. Now, dont ask me anything else about my past. Maybe Ill share it with you someday.

Damn, I hope so, he said, sounding like a kid. I think that would be neat. Id like to be a soldier.

Going down the mountain, I made sure to visit Lightning. I saw him every few days and he was accustomed to my presence now. I made a kissy sound with my lips and he came running. Iain was as fascinated by Lightning as I had been and he soon had the chipmunk running around in circles and eating out of his hand. 

Toward the bottom of the mountain, I went off the main trail toward the bamboo grove. Using bamboo, I had made what I hoped would be a good fish trap and then left it to dry out. I hefted it and knew I could carry it, maybe awkwardly but I could. I looked at Iain and decided to see if I could start training him a little.

Iain, this is a fish trap. Aimee found the plans for me and Ive made it as best I can. We need to carry it down to where Im going to use it. Im going to lift the big end. Do you think you could lift the little end?

I can try, he said and walked around to the side of the little end. He had his spear in his right hand so I assumed he was right handed, as I was. He took his spear in his left hand and bent down to pick up the trap with his right.

Uh, uh, lift the trap with your left hand, I said. Keep your spear in your right. Always be ready to defend yourself. 

He changed sides. I got on the same side, facing away from him, reached down, and wrapped my left hand around a bamboo. I looked back at him, nodded, and we both lifted at the same time.

Are you OK? I asked.

Yeah, he said. Im not a total weakling, you know.

Good. Its not far now. Ill walk slowly. Just let me know if you need to put it down and rest.

I called for couple of rest stops on the remainder of the way down the mountain. Iain didnt object; neither did he complain. 

I had found a place on the rocky coast where I thought a fish trap might work. The coast had all sizes and shapes of pools on it. I had found a big pool about waist deep with two openings out to the sea. I had already tried wading in the pool and spearing fish and had actually managed to get one. Most of them just fled out the openings. 

One opening was only a foot or so deep and I knew I could stop it up with rocks which were everywhere. The deeper opening was where I was going to put the fish trap. I had already partially blocked that opening, leaving just enough space for the fish trap. Today, I intended to set the trap in place and finish blocking the rest of the space with rocks. But first I wanted to start a fire.

I told Iain to round up some firewood and I started looking for a piece to use for the tinder. I found a piece of well-bleached driftwood that was stripped of bark and looked soft. Next I found a place where rocks sheltered me from the slight wind. Then I used Big Boy to make a pile of shavings and used Little Boy to scrape off some fine particles of wood. I remembered Father calling it tinder so I did too. Iain came back with his arms full of dry driftwood, dropped it, and stood watching what I was doing.

I got my fire starter out of my pack, crouched down, stuck it against the tinder, and, a few sparks later, I had another fire. I smiled because I was getting good at it.

I stripped out of my Robin Hood outfit and watched as Iain did too. His dick wasnt that little but it looked brand new like it had never been used. I suppose everything about his body looked brand new.

We both squatted there and slowly fed the fire until we had a nice blaze going. I saw Iain glance between my legs so I looked between his. His penis and testicles were hanging down almost as low as mine. I knew what would happen to mine when I got in the water. Maybe I would get him in the water too. I couldnt help but smile at the idea.

Lets go get some more firewood, I said. Get some bigger stuff this time. I want you to keep the fire going while were here and the bigger driftwood will take longer to burn.

Why do we need a fire? Iain asked. Its not cold.

Because were going to get in cold water and youre going to want to get warm when you get out. And I hope we get some fish so we can cook one for lunch. If youll work with me, we should be through by mid-day and then I have a surprise for you.

What?

It wont be a surprise if I tell you now; will it?

What are you going to do with the fish trap? he asked.

Were going to put it with the big open end out toward the sea, I said. The opening on the big end is about sixty centimeters wide. Im hoping the fish will swim down the trap. The opening on the little end is made so its flexible and will expand if a really big fish tries to get through. Its only about ten centimeters wide, about as wide as your dick is long.

I didnt look at him when I said that. I just waited and he wasnt long in replying.

Fuck you, David, he said indignantly, My dicks sixteen point five centimeters long when its hard. Thats a little over six inches. How long is your fucking dick, anyway?

Mines eighteen centimeters, I answered, looking at him and grinning and cutting off a couple of centimeters. Dont be so touchy, Iain.

I remembered very well how long it was because Anna had insisted on measuring it when we were in Flagstaff. It was twenty centimeters, a little shy of eight inches. I remembered what she had done to get it erect and what she had then done to take the starch out of it, as she worded it.

Well, you dont need to tease me about the size of my dick, he said. Ive used it a few times andand she never complained.

I wondered who never complained but I didnt ask. He just looked at me and shook his head.

I pulled a long piece of strong string out of the bag with our Nutty Buddies and juice, motioned for Iain to raise his left hand, and then tied one end of the string around his wrist.

Weve both got to get in the water and you might as well tie this string around your dick before you do.

Why? he said, looking at me askance as if he knew I was about to tease him again.

Because that waters damn cold and youll need the string to pull your dick back out after it crawls up in your belly.

Shit, he said.

Father got me on that one when I was about ten, Iain. You mean youve never heard of it.

He just shook his head and grinned at me. His grin was probably cute enough to get him what he wanted from whoever it was who never complained.

Without another word, I tied the other end of the string around Iains spear. Id learned long ago never to throw my spear in the water without some easy way to retrieve it.

Seriously, Iain, I wanted both of us naked so we can get in the water. I want you to stand near the spot where Im going to put the trap. Im going to wade from the far end to see if there are any fish in the pool. If there are, I want you to try to spear one when they make a run for it.

I dont know how to spear fish, David.

I dont either, Iain. Just try and, if you miss, dont worry about it. I only missed about a hundred before I got one.

I led him over the rocks to where I wanted him to stand, almost knee deep in the water with the sun shining down behind him so he wouldnt have to contend with the glare.

With him in place, I jumped over rocks to the other end of the pool. When I looked back, I saw him intently looking down at the water with his spear raised. He looked like an innocent naked little kid trying his hardest to do something grownup.

Cautiously, I waded into the water, holding on to my spear and trying to keep from falling on the rocky bottom. I sucked in my breath as I slowly got deeper in the pool and then really sucked it in when my penis and testicles got wet. 

I waded through the pool, stopping periodically to move my spear point from side to side underwater. With the suns reflection off the water in my eyes, I couldnt see whether there were any fish in the pool. I was about to give up when I heard Iain shout.

I got one, David! I got one! I got a big one.

Keep your spear in him, Iain! I yelled. Dont pull it back! Hold him down!

I waded through the pool until I got to the shallower part where Iain was leaning on his spear. I could clearly see a big fish thrashing pinned against the bottom. I leaned over, stuck my fingers in the fishs mouth, and got a good grip on it. I didnt even think about getting my fingers bitten off. I just wanted to get Iains fish out of the water.

When I pulled the fish out, I saw he had speared a fish almost a meter long, much bigger than anything I had speared. I managed to struggle the rest of the way out of the water with the fish still flapping on my hand. I wasnt about to let it go until I had it safely ashore. I carried it over to the fire, laid it down, stuck my spear through its head, and got my hand out of his mouth. I looked at my hand and saw that it was bleeding from a few small cuts. I knew it was nothing to worry about. Id already had worse.

I went back to the water, scrubbed my hands in the salt water, and then went over to where we had left our clothes. I took Little Boy out of the scabbard and held it out to Iain. 

Now, clean it, I said, looking at him. Dont cut the head off.

I dont know how to clean fish, he protested.

Ill tell you how. Now clean it and be careful with Little Boy. Hes sharper than a razor.

He gutted the fish and didnt cut himself and didnt complain. I complimented him when he was finished and told him to put the fish in the shade until we were ready to eat.

I put the fish trap in the larger opening to the pool and asked Iain to stop up the smaller opening with rocks while I finished blocking the larger opening. He worked with me and kept the fire going, I carried the largest rocks I could handle and dumped then around the fish trap. He carried smaller rocks but he didnt complain and even seemed to be enjoying himself. I complimented him on a job well done again.

I sliced a huge fillet out of one side of the fish, stuck it on my spear point with the skin side away from the fire, and propped the spear with the fish piece almost in the fire. I knew it wouldnt take long for it to be ready to eat.

Do you want to stay naked or do you want to put your clothes back on? I asked.

Are we ready to go back up the mountain? he asked. Whats the surprise?

Im going to take you to a little beach where we can swim. We can lie out in the sun for a while but you need to be careful not to blister your butt like I did.

I dont want to get in that cold water again, he protested.

Iain, just wait til you see the beach. Its a beautiful spot, a good place for swimming. Once you get over the shock, the waters not so bad. I swam in it a few weeks ago. Can you swim?

Yeah, Im a good swimmer. I like to swim.

The fish tasted great, even completely unseasoned. We left nothing but the skin. Cold water and a good appetite can make anything taste good.

We both put our moccasins back on before we left and carried our clothing. My feet were much tougher from going barefooted but I knew Iains werent.  I led him back up the mountain a short distance, then off a side trail, and then through the tree tunnel. The trail wound through a thick growth of some kind of little trees that almost cut off the light. At the end of the tunnel I watched Iains face when we emerged into the sunlight again.

Walking out of the tree tunnel was almost like walking out of a cave into the sunlight. On each side of the path and everywhere around the beach there were rock formations so the only access was the way we had come. The beach was small, maybe fifty meters wide and ten meters deep. The sand was almost white and it continued for some distance into the crystal-clear light-green water. The waves were barely lapping at the beach. It was a little paradise and Iain was as struck by its beauty as I had been. I told him to thank Aimee for showing me how to find it.

I got in the water first, running as fast as I could, holding my hands in the air, and letting out a big whoop when the water hit me from head to toe. Then I turned around and waited for Iain. He hesitated for a few seconds and then followed my example, even the big whoop.

After the initial shock, we both stood in water that came to mid-thigh on Iain, shivering and trying to get up the courage to totally immerse ourselves. Iain looked at my penis and testicles so I looked at his and then at mine. His penis looked like something off a Greek statue and his testicles were drawn up in a half-ball in his scrotum. Mine were about the same.

Hey, David, he said, trying to grin. I think we both need some string tied to our dicks.

We played in the water and even swam side by side a little. I told him I wanted to show him something my father had taught me. I got him to stand still and on his toes while I ducked down behind him, grabbed under his heels, and threw him out of the waist-deep water. I told him that, to do it right, he had to cannonball back in the water. He tried a couple of times but never quite succeeded. Then I coaxed him into letting me duck down behind him, stick my head between his legs, and come up with him on my shoulders. I had to coax him even more when I held both his hands for balance and got him to stand on my shoulders so he could dive off. He belly-flopped but it was a good try. I couldnt convince him to do that again.

We lay on the sand on our stomachs and on our backs for a while. Iain didnt want to go back in the water so I brushed the sand off his back while he did the front. Then he returned the favor for me. We didnt get nearly all the sand but I didnt care and he evidently didnt either. With the sun on my body and the light breeze blowing up the mountain, I didnt have a care in the world.

In mid-afternoon, I told Iain that it was time to start home. He protested until I told him it would take twice as long to go up the mountain as it did to come down. The day had gone much better than I expected. Iain had been more of a man than a boy. I had enjoyed the day with him. Except for our moccasins, we didnt get dressed. Iain wanted to carry the rest of his fish.

We were almost home when he asked me a question.

David, today, when I had Little Boy in my hand cleaning the fish, what would you have done if I had attacked you?

I thought about it for a few seconds. Oh, I probably would have disarmed you and kicked your butt. If I thought you were a real threat, I might have killed you.

He stopped and looked at me. You could have done that?

Yes, Iain, I could have. I told you I was a soldier and Ive had a lot of training on how to kill, even without a weapon. But that war is behind me now. Ive offered you my hand in friendship today. I hope youll take it.

He walked up closer to me and stood looking in my eyes. I never thought of attacking you, David. I knew what you were doing by making me clean the fish. I liked it. I dont mean cleaning the fish. I mean you making me do it because I need to learn to do it.

He held out his hand. I was more than glad to shake it. Then, as we climbed the rest of the way to home, I put my arm on his shoulders and kept it there for a few minutes.  I had just one more thing to say to him.

Iain, Im certain you know where we are and why youre here. I need to know too. Whenever youre ready to talk, Im ready to listen.

He hung his head and said, I cant.

By the end of this year, there will be nine or ten people here. In another year, there will probably be twenty of us. Our survival will depend on how much we trust each other and how well we all cooperate. Think about it.

He mumbled something and walked away. I didnt bring up the subject again as we were climbing up the mountain.

<><><>

The next morning Iain was a different person. I woke him up when I got up at six oclock to ask him if wanted to go with me again. I told him I wanted to make the rounds of my rabbit traps to reset them, to check on my garden, and to forage for edible plants as usual. I was usually back home by eight oclock for breakfast and my workout session out on the terrace. He wanted to stay in bed and sleep. He offered an excuse: that he was sore from what he did the day before. I didnt know whether to believe him or not.

<><><>

The following day, he went with me to check my rabbit traps but he was still quiet and withdrawn. We had one kill, a mature male, and I asked if he would gut it. He declined. He was a little more helpful in foraging for edible plants. He found a colony of large mushrooms and, after his tablet confirmed that they were edible, we harvested the best ones. I led him to a swampy area where I had seen old cattails and we found that the new shoots were about a foot or so high. I knew they could be eaten. The tablet recommended that they be steamed or boiled to kill any bacteria from the swamp and said they tasted like asparagus or cucumbers.

For supper, we had rabbit again. I sauted it in a little olive oil and then steamed it to tenderize it. I sauted some of the mushrooms with wild onions and asked Iain to steam the cattails. With a few potatoes from the patch near the terrace, we ate a fine meal. The meal was good but Iains attitude wasnt. He still seemed moody and withdrawn. 

Later that evening, we wandered outdoors to watch the sunset again. I remembered something from Iains arrival.

Iain, what language were you and Aimee speaking when you first arrived? I asked.

He hesitated for a moment before he answered. Its Gaelic, David. I told you my family is Irish. My parents make me speak it when Im talking to them. Theyre what you might call traditionalists. They like to preserve the old ways and the old language.

I didnt believe him. I didnt tell him I had already asked Aimee the same question. She had said she didnt know the name of the language but, when Iain spoke it, she had known it and so she replied in the same language. When I asked her how many languages she knew, she had told me she knew twenty-one languages, each of which was spoken by more than fifty million people. I asked her if the language she and Iain spoke was one of them and she had answered that it was not. I had assumed it was some obscure language like Gaelic but I felt Iain wasnt being truthful. I decided to leave the subject alone.

Do you speak any other languages, David? Iain asked.

Yeah, Im fluent in French and Farsi and I can make do in Arabic. My parents and grandparents taught me when I was little.

Yeah, Iain said, parents will do that. Parents like to make you do things whether you want to or not.

Yes, but Im glad mine did.

David, have I told you Im a singer? I love music. I like classical music and Broadway musicals and jazz. I even like some operas, like Carmen.

I got the distinct impression that he was trying to change the subject.

Well, I cant help you there. I cant sing and I cant play a musical instrument. Even if we had some, I couldnt play them for you to sing.

Oh, I dont sing with instruments, David, he said. I sing without accompaniment, a capella, you know, just my voice. My mother and grandfather taught me that too. Im quite good at it. Ive performed in lots of places.

Well, how about singing something for me?

Could we go in the lounge? The acoustics there are much better than outdoors.

I followed him inside to the lounge. He pointed to a chair for me so I sat down. He walked to a corner of the room, closed his eyes, took some deep breaths, and then began to sing.

I had no idea what the words were or maybe there were no words. I had read that the human voice was the most beautiful musical instrument and now I believed it. I had heard tenors sing so I suppose that was his voice range but I found it hard to believe that he could hit the highest and lowest notes.

After a minute or so listening to him, I knew he was singing about something that was sad. Something in his voice and his facial expressions and his gestures told me that his song was mournful, maybe about a lost love, and I knew it with certainty even if I couldnt understand the words. I couldnt help but enter into the song with him and I felt sad about something too. When he finished, I sat there, speechless, hardly believing what I had heard.

He stood there looking at me, a serious expression on his face. Well, did you like it?

Yes, Iain, I liked it. I liked it very much. Youve got a beautiful voice. Its sad, isnt it? Ive never heard anything like it.

I like to sing outdoors too, David. Would you think Im silly if sometimes I go outdoors at dawn and sing to greet the sun? Or maybe Ill go out at dusk and sing to greet the night. I like to do that.

No, Iain, I wont think youre silly. But let me go with you. Ive never heard anything as beautiful as your voice.

I can sing happy songs too, David. Lets go outside tomorrow morning just as day is breaking and Ill sing you a happy song. Ive been talking to Aimee and she says she can play music outdoors. There a short piece of music I think would be perfect at daybreak.

Id like that, Iain. Just dont sing me another sad song. I almost felt like crying and men dont cry.

I wasnt about to tell him that I had felt sad because of what had happened to my father and mother. Im sure his song wasnt about them but it had evoked my memories of them and I had felt like crying again.

<><><>

I looked at the clock when I heard Iain get up. The time was just before six oclock and I knew that was probably before sunrise. I thought he might be going outdoors to greet the sun with singing again so I rolled out of bed too.

He went in the toilet, for his morning piss I assumed, so I followed him and walked up to the adjacent urinal to do it too. He looked at my face, then down at my hand holding my penis, looked back at my face, and smiled. I smiled back and we both started pissing at the same time. When I finished, I farted, then shook my dick, slid my foreskin down to cover up and turned toward him. He was still pissing so I watched until he shook his dick, covered the head again, and turned toward me. I could tell he was straining to fart. He finally managed to squeeze out a little poot. I was just glad he wasnt bashful around me anymore.

I followed him outdoors, to the highest level of the terrace, and sat down behind him. I looked at his butt and between his legs at his balls and I couldnt help but smile. There was such a contrast between his tanned back and legs and his white butt. He stood there with his legs slightly apart, his hands raised, and waited for the first rays of the sun.

When the first rays touched him, Aimee started playing some music. I wasnt aware that she could play music outdoors but I was pleased to learn. I watched Iains arms and he seemed to be conducting the music. He was right. I thought the music was perfect at daybreak.

Then he started singing a new song and again his voice raised goose bumps on my skin. I listened in awe. I knew he was singing a song of praise. I had no idea what he was praising but I knew that was what the song was about.

When the song was finished, I rose as he turned and we both went down the stairs. When we were down to the main level leading into the front door, I put my arm on his shoulders. He looked at me and smiled, a beautiful warm smile. 

Thank you, Iain, I said. The music was perfect and your voice was wonderful. I wish I could praise the day like that.
 
No, David, I want to thank you, for the way youve treated me. I know Im moody and not very good company sometimes. Ill try to do better. And the music was called Morning. Its by Edvard Grieg. Ive worked with classical music a lot and Aimee says she has lots of it for us.

<><><>

The next day Iain and I explored a huge rocky outcropping a short distance away and found two additions to our diet. One was a thicket of blackberries which were just beginning to ripen. We managed to pick and eat some without getting into the briars and we stopped only when we couldnt find any more black ones. I knew wed have to check it every day early in the morning to beat the birds to the fruit. We also found an herb, rosemary, growing among the rocks. When I broke off a twig and smelled the strong aromatic scent my mother loved, I knew I would be using it in cooking.

Later that day, I looked at myself in the mirror and decided it was time to use the crme for hair removal. The first time I had used it, shortly after my arrival, I had snipped my moustache with scissors, rubbed the crme on my face, laid out on the terrace for fifteen minutes with my face exposed to the sun, and then showered, just as the instructions said. I had been amazed as my week-old beard disappeared down the drain. I had been pleased with the result. My chin and cheeks and throat felt as smooth as any good shave Id ever had. 

Aimee had told me that the crme needed to be used about once a month and she was right. After thirty days, I had about as much soft facial hair as a young boy.

Iain walked in the bathroom while I was looking in the mirror about to apply the crme again. He picked up the crme, stuck his finger in it, and smelled it.

Thats Nor; isnt it? Do you think I need to use it again?

He lifted his face so I could look at it. His cheeks looked as smooth and hairless as always but I could see a faint dark growth on his upper lip. I had assumed that he didnt need to shave yet and the faint mustache was just the normal growth for a young male. But he wanted to know if he should use it again.

What did you call it? I asked.

Nor. Its called Nor. Everybody uses it. Its safe to use all over and all the kids I know want to be hairless except on their heads and maybe a little pubic patch. Some dont even want a pubic patch. I like it.

Well, why have I never heard of it? 

I dont know. Maybe its something European. I dont know much about your country.

Do you use it?

Sure. I use it all over. CaitShe said she likedI mean. Oh, forget it.

That was interesting. Someone named Kate had said she liked Iain or something about him after he had used something called Nor. I didnt push it but I didnt forget it either.
 
You say you use it all over? On your testicles too?

Yeah, he said.

He reached down to his testicles, pulled them upward and looked closely at them. I couldnt see any hair on them until I zoomed in and saw an occasional little short one.

I pulled my testicles up and looked at them. There were long hairs all over them. I tugged them to one side and saw the same dark hair back between my legs and on my thighs. I looked up and saw Iain looking at my genitals.

If youll share, I think Ill use some Nor on my face and on my testicles, he said. You should too. Youll like it. Youve got lots of hair in the crack of your ass. It looks strange.

I had been criticized enough in my life but never for having a hairy ass crack. I decided Id try the stuff. According to Aimee it could be used anywhere and the hair would eventually grow back. 

I watched carefully as he smeared a little Nor on his upper lip. Then he rubbed it on his testicles and behind them and part way up the shaft of his dick. I couldnt help but grin when his dick stood up, poked its head out, and looked around. He looked at me sheepishly and said, I cant help it. Its got a mind of its own.

He watched me just as carefully when I rubbed Nor on my face and throat. He cautioned me that I needed to rub it in until it seemed to disappear and I couldnt feel it. Then I rubbed it on my testicles and behind them all the way to my asshole and a little up the shaft of my dick until the Nor disappeared. My dick stood up about like Iains.

When I turned around and asked him to do my ass crack, he told me to do my own fucking ass. I stood there, feeling like a damn fool, rubbing my fingers up and down my ass crack until I couldnt feel the Nor.

I told Aimee we were going outside and asked her to let me know when fifteen minutes had passed and again when a half hour had passed. We took a couple of blankets outside, stretched out on our backs, and let the sun do its work. Iain told me to spread my legs wide so the sun could get between them. I felt ridiculous but I did it. My dick stayed hard and so did Iains. I thought about jacking off but I wasnt sure yet whether I should do it around him.

When Aimee told us that fifteen minutes had passed, we both rolled over on our stomachs. Iain made me feel stupid again by telling me that I needed to pull my ass cheeks apart to let the sunshine in. I lay there, eyes squinted, looking at Iains white ass, with my fingers pulling my ass cheeks apart so the sun could work its magic. For a boy, his butt was sort of sexy, maybe not as much as a girls butt, but definitely sexy. I could understand why some guys liked to stick their dick in the hole between butt cheeks as rounded and smooth as his. Maybe Id even try it if I got much hornier and Anna didnt come to me. I decided Id better banish such thoughts from my mind.

Hey, Iain, did you hear about the three brothers who went out West to raise cattle? I asked.

Uh uh he groaned.

Do you know what they named their cattle ranch?

Uh uh he groaned again.

Sunset, I said. Because thats where the suns rays meet. Sons raise meat, get it?

This time he just groaned and then I heard a sound like he was trying to stifle something.

Hey, Iain, Im thinking of renaming my asshole, I paused. To Sunset.

He groaned and then chuckled and said, David, youve got to work on your delivery if you want to be a comedian. You should have paused just a little longer.

I reached over and stuck my fingers in his ribs. He laughed and squirmed away.

When Aimee told me that thirty minutes had passed, we went back inside and showered. I was amazed at how easily all the treated hair washed away in water. I felt my hairless testicles and couldnt make up my mind whether I liked them that way or not. I hoped Anna would.

<><><>

A couple of days later, Iain and I had another good evening meal. I told him about my grandmre L'Hritiers marvelous French cooking and said I wanted to see if I could come close to the frittata she made. I sauted mushrooms and wild onions together, poured eight beaten eggs in the pan, sprinkled the top with rosemary, waited until the eggs were barely cooked, and then browned the top under a broiler. I thought it was great and all that was lacking was a baguette of bread. The bowl of blackberries we had for dessert was perfect. Afterwards, I sat at a kitchen table while Iain cleaned up.

Iain, have you thought any more about the questions I asked you, I said. How did you get here? Why are we here?

He stopped and looked at me. I waited. He finally said something.

David, Id like to talk to you but for years my parents have told me that I should never talk about.about what youre asking. I had to promise them I never would before they let me go with them. Please dont ask me to violate their trust. Have you ever had something you just couldnt talk about?

I had pulled a little more information out of him but I still didnt have the answers to the important questions. I thought for a minute or so and then decided to tell him about my life.

I invited him to sit down at table opposite me and then I told him the uncensored truth about what happened when I was twelve years old and had seen Mullah Muqtada al-Badr with my fathers head. I told him I had been unable to speak for months afterward and how I had never been able to tell anyone else the story until I met Anna. He sat engrossed while I described my mothers descent into despair and how she disappeared when I was fourteen. I told him how my grandfather and grandmother had raised me after that and how I had gone to the Army Academy when I was seventeen. I told him about my combat experience and how I had become a sniper and how I had met Anna and fallen in love with her. Last I told him how I had been selected to kill Muqtada al-Badr, the Grand Ayatollah of Islamistan.  When I told him that, he leaned back with an expression on his face as though he couldnt believe me.

Youre the one who did that? he asked. The news said it was the other branch of Islam, Sunni or Shia or whatever. I can never keep them straight.

Yes, Iain, I did. I killed him at the Imam al-Hussein Shrine in Mamoon after mid-day prayers. Afterwards I was trapped in a hotel next to the plaza at the shrine. Someone threw an explosive in my room and I thought I had been killed. Then I woke up here. Now do you understand why I want to know how and why Im here?

You dont know what happened after he was killed; do you?

No, Iain, I dont. What happened?

The Sunni and Shia factions started fighting between themselves again, David. When I left, I mean, when I came here, they were back to killing each other and the rest of the world was cheering them on. Their expansion seems to have stopped and may be starting to collapse.

I was pleased to hear that our disinformation services had done their job and the result had been what we had hoped for. At the same time, I was glad that my small part in the war was over. I could not keep on fighting and killing, no matter how evil the enemy was. I was tired of death; I wanted to live my life in peace. I wanted to live my life with Anna and our children. I wanted to grow old with her, watching our children and maybe grandchildren live their lives in peace.

How many men have you killed, David? he asked.

Well, I told you about the seven jihadists I killed, the ones who tried to ambush us. Then, the day I shot al-Badr, I killed seven in all, shot six and let one feel the edge of Big Boys blade. Thats fourteen. I killed two jihadists another day and then just one three times. Is that nineteen?

He sat and looked at me for a minute. Does it bother you, to kill so many men?

Yes, Iain, it bothers me a lot but they were all jihadists who wanted to kill me and all the infidels like you. Im sick of killing and I hope I never have to do it again. Thats one reason I like it here, where the only killing I do is for food. If I could be with Anna again, this would be paradise.

<><><>

Six days passed in which I didnt ask Iain the questions again. The news about the war had cheered me for a day or so but I slowly began to sink back into restlessness and anger and depression. I wanted to control my own life. I liked the peace and quiet of living in this strange new world but without the woman I loved the place was hell. I thought constantly about her, wondering what had happened to her and whether she would ever come to me and whether I would ever again be complete with her. 

During that time, I took Iain to the top of the mountain and let him discover the strange domes covering what looked like solar panels. We agreed that it was probably the power supply for everything in our home. He stood, as I had done, and looked and looked all around the horizon and I knew what he was looking for. I let him see for himself that there were no signs of anyone else.

Another day, we went down the mountain to check on my fish trap. Iain wanted to visit the beach first so we did and it was just as much fun the second time. When we went to the pool, my trap had done its job.  There were lots of fish trapped in the pool, most of them small ones but some almost as large as the one Iain speared. We speared all we wanted to carry back up the mountain. I decided to ask Aimee for instructions on how to make a dip net and how to smoke fish as soon as possible. 

The next day, we checked the rabbit traps and found we had two kills. I disabled the snares until we needed more. We worked in the garden that afternoon and picked our first vegetables, radishes, lettuce, and snow peas. When we checked the potato patch near the terrace, I saw that the vines were beginning to wilt and I knew we would be digging potatoes one day soon. 

That night, I lay in my bed in the dark with my hand wrapped around my hard-to-bursting penis and listened to the sounds of Iain masturbating. The hard breathing, the grunts, and moans left no doubt that he was doing the same thing I intended to do. I decided to join him in his bed.

Lights on dim, I said, as I rolled out of my bed and went to Iains.

He blinked rapidly at the lights, quickly covered up his genitals with his hands, and looked up at me with surprise in his eyes. I stood there beside his bed with my penis pointing up at the usual angle. He looked at it, and then looked back at my face, and I could see on his face that he was puzzled. 

Move over, I said, and he scooted farther back in his sleeping alcove and again covered his genitals with his hands.

What are you doing, David? he asked.

I couldnt tell what sort of emotion I heard in his voice, perhaps, surprise, shame, fear, certainly not welcome. I crawled in his bed and stretched out beside him. I didnt try to cover my hard-on. I wanted him to see it.

Iain, theres no reason to be ashamed of what youre doing. We both know we do it almost every night. I think its time we admitted it and we can both do it with the lights on. Move your hands.

He kept his hands covering his penis and testicles. I wrapped my right hand around my penis, reached over with my left and pulled his right hand away. I had seen his penis erect when he first arrived. Now, it looked to me like it was average size when erect, maybe a little larger, straight with a white shaft and blood-red head, a nice looking penis but nothing extraordinary. His testicles were hairless and pink, maybe like a young mans.

Now, lets do it together, I said and started stroking my penis.

He watched me doing it for a minute and then smiled shyly at me and started doing it too. I watched him doing it, glanced at his face, and saw that he was watching me doing it,

I suppose we were both horny as usual. Maybe Iains age gave him the edge. He came before I did and squirted out about six streams of semen from his face down to his stomach. He turned to look at me and grinned with one big blob drooling down over one eye onto his cheek. 

I came a few second later. I didnt decorate myself the same way he did. I just laid down a heavy trail over my chest and stomach. I looked at Iain. He was still grinning and breathing heavily. I reached over toward his face and, when he closed his eyes, I wiped his semen off his face with my finger and smeared it on his chest.

I thought how ridiculous it was for either of us to want to masturbate in the dark. We were the only two here. We were both subject to the same undeniable urgency of our testicles making millions of sperm each day and pouring out a river of testosterone. If this was to be my world, I knew masturbating was not going to be a sin and something to be ashamed of and hidden. It was going to be something we could do in celebration of life and being male and could share it if we wanted to. Damn, it certainly didnt need to be hidden. I didnt want it to be. None of this god forbids shit and sin and shame for something thats simply normal for young males.

I waited until my breathing slowed down close to normal, grinning at Iain and seeing him grinning back at me.

Iain, Im damned proud to be a man and you should be too, I said. We both know we masturbate constantly.  From now on, Im going to do it any time I want to. Ive done it in bed in the dark. Ive done it outdoors in the sunshine. Ive done it from the peak of the mountain down to the seashore. We can do it together. We can to it separately. But damn it, were going to do it and we both know we are. Im going to celebrate having a dick and balls and being so horny I could fuck a knot hole in a tree. Its what makes me what I am and I like it. Damn, I like it! I like being a man! You should too!

Yeah but he started and then cut himself off.

Yeah, but what, Iain, I insisted. Come on, spit it out.

Its just that Im not like you. Youre big...and youre strong.and your dicks lots bigger than mine.  And youve killed lots of guys and Ive never done anything like that. I just feelI dont knowI just feel like Im not much of a man in comparison to you.

Iain, youve been a real man since you came here. I mean it. You dont complain. Youve worked hard. You do everything I ask you to do. Anyway, how old are you? I asked.

Ive just turned eighteen, he said, proudly. Im supposed to be a man.

Iain, I was taller than you at eighteen but, at about sixteen, I looked a lot like you. My father gave me genes for a big dick so I cant take credit for that. Why does our penis size make any difference? Yours looks like its average, maybe a little bit bigger.

Yeah, but youre strong and.I wish I could be like you, not like me with no muscles.

If you really mean that, Iain, I can help you. All it takes is regular exercise and diet and a good workout regimen. I usually work out every morning. Why dont you join me? You can make your body into whatever you want it to be.

You really think I could? he asked.

Yeah, now lets go take a shower together. Ill scrub your back if youll scrub mine.


TO BE CONTINUED:
