The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

Cheerleader Blues Part I

Stacy was in lust. She watched him go up for the mark, his muscles 
rippling under his tight football jersey. He gathered the ball in, 
despite all those hands trying to knock the ball free. Angus was the 
best football player that Piermont High had ever seen. His grace and 
skill put him way out in front of anyone else. It was only a matter of 
time before he was called up to the AFL. Almost every girl in school 
wanted him for themselves. They could see a way to fame and fortune if 
only they could be his girlfriend. 
Stacy was different.
She only wanted him for his body. 
His hard, masculine body. She practically drooled every time she saw 
him. Once she had hidden in a locker in the change rooms just so she 
could see him standing naked in the showers after a game.
But Angus only ever dated cheerleaders. Stacy had heard rumours of how 
he would only date a girl until she puts out, then dump her. Which was 
fine with Stacy. In fact she would be annoyed if he wanted to stay the 
night after they did it. But before she could use him she had to 
attract his attention. And there was only two ways that she could 
think of. 
She turned to her twin sister Tracy who was sitting with their friend 
Clifford. She noticed that Tracy was sitting on his lap and smiling. 
It was so obvious that she liked him, maybe even loved him a little. 
But there was no way Tracy would admit that she was in love with the 
class nerd. 

'Class nerd?' thought Stacy. 'He sure doesn't look like one any more.'

And it was true. Clifford's skin had cleared up, the nerdish glasses 
were replaced by contact lenses and now, thanks to the twins he had 
some sort of dress sense. He actually looked pretty good to Stacy. She 
could understand why her sister might be attracted to him. Of course 
his huge dick helped. 
After the party last week when they had managed to get Janet to fuck 
Willy (Free Willy to anyone but his friends), they had driven home and 
taken turns screwing Clifford in the back seat while the other drove. 
There had also been a time when Clifford drove while the girls were in 
the back. It was really just to give Clifford time to catch his breath 
but they had been drinking the leftover bottle of Bourbon. One thing 
had led to another and before they knew it there was some serious 
action happening in the back of Cliff's car while he watched in the 
rear-view mirror. It wasn't something they had planned or even really 
thought of doing. Oh they had shared guys before and it had involved a 
bit of touching and feeling of each other but never anything like 
this. Stacy had known what to do, she had gone down on girls before 
and Tracy picked it up fairly quickly so they had both gotten a lot 
out of it. Plus the thrill of doing something that was frowned on 
added to the excitement. To the twins it was just a bit of 
experimentation. It might happen again, it might not. Stacy secretly 
hoped that it would.
But the most important thing about last Friday night was the fact that 
they had used a concoction called Spanish Fly to get Janet to screw 
Willy. It was an aphrodisiac that Tracy had found in an old chemistry 
book and had gotten Clifford to make up in the school lab (twins 2 and 
3). It was just what she needed to get Angus into her pants. She was 
about to ask Clifford if he had any left when she noticed that Tracy 
was rocking very slowly on his lap. It was a very slight movement but 
hard to miss when you were sitting this close. One look of Clifford's 
face told her exactly what was going on.

"Oh my god. Are you two doing it?"

"Could you say that a little louder Stacy? I don't think the opposing 
fans heard you." Tracy was only mildly annoyed with her sister. She 
was having far too much fun to be upset. They were indeed 'doing it'; 
in fact they had been at it for nearly half an hour. She was surprised 
that no one had noticed earlier.

"I can't believe you two are fucking in the middle of a football game. 
Why don't you go do it in the middle of the field so everyone can 
see?"

"Mm that's a good idea isn't it Clifford? Would be fun to have 
hundreds of people watching me suck that big cock of yours."

Clifford just nodded dumbly. He was very close to climaxing so any 
chance of coherent thought was beyond him. He placed his hands on 
Tracy's hips and started to move her a little faster. She responded by 
clamping down on his cock.

"Oh not yet Clifford. Just a little bit longer baby. Please."

Stacy looked away in disgust and waited till they finished. A couple 
of minutes later and some low moans followed by the distinctive smell 
of cigarette smoke told her it was safe to turn back.

"I can't believe you guy's did that. Have you no shame?"

"Nope. None whatsoever. Do we Clifford?" Tracy leaned back and kissed 
him on the lips. She no longer cared who knew she was with Clifford. 
As long as he could do that to her she would be happy to be with him.

"Yuck. Gross." Stacy made mock retching sounds until she realised that 
no one was paying attention. She decided to just get on with asking 
Clifford an important question.

"Cliffy do we have any of that stuff left over from the party?"

"No Stacy, I poured it all out. It's too dangerous. Don't forget what 
happened to Kerry and Ian."

Stacy and Clifford had tried the brew on Kerry and Ian with dramatic 
results. After an amazing performance the two had not been seen back 
at school for nearly a week. Then last Thursday in the middle of 
history class the two of them had started fucking, right there on the 
floor. The principle was called and he had to hose them down before 
they stopped. Clifford had called it a flash back, a bit like when 
takers of acid sometimes started tripping long after they had stopped 
using it.

"But my love for Angus is far more important than a few harmless side 
effects."

"Harmless? Kerry and Ian are in a mental hospital. Willy had to call 
the police because Janet was stalking him. God knows how many people 
are suffering side effects after you spiked the punch with that 
stuff."

"But I want to have sex with Angus." Stacy put on her best pouty face. 
She could tell Clifford was touched but Tracy just rolled her eyes. 
Looking at Clifford Tracy could see he about to give in.

"Don't even think about it Clifford. She knows what kind of girl Angus 
likes. And she knows what she has to do if she wants to screw him." 
She glared at Stacy.

"No not that. Anything but that."

"Yes that."

"But I don't want to do it."

"You will have to forget about him then."

"Nooooooo. I want to screw him."

"Then you know what to do Stacy. You will have to become" She paused 
for dramatic effect.

"A cheerleader."


Stacy was not happy. She stood in the school gym with fifteen other 
hopefuls, waiting for the start of cheerleader trials. She was wearing 
the clothing recommended in the application form (extremely short 
skirt, lycra top, underwear optional) and glaring at the other girls. 
Stacy figured that if a few of them withered under her death stares 
then that would mean less competition. The main door opened and in 
walked Sarah, the head cheerleader. She strode to the centre of the 
room and motioned for the girls to gather around her. She looked at 
the recruits and sighed. Just once she wished that someone else could 
do this job. How was she supposed to find someone who was cheerleader 
material from this lot?

"Okay girls, gather around. We are going to run through some routines 
to see just how coordinated you are. Now line up along here and follow 
my lead." 

She walked over to a tape recorder and switched on some Sonic 
Animation. Then she turned to the girls and started a few basic moves. 
Within fifteen seconds half the girls were lying on the floor. Stacy 
however was following the routine with ease. She liked to keep herself 
in shape so she could get every little bit of enjoyment she could from 
sex and now it was coming in useful for other things. 
After five minutes only three girls remained and one of those three 
was flagging badly. Sarah went down into a splits move and all three 
girls followed, but only Stacy and Magenta got back to their feet.
Sarah gave a sigh of relief and stopped the routine.

"Okay, that's it. You all did a great job," Sarah tried hard not to 
gag on that one, "but we can only take two. And those two are Magenta 
and Cyan."

Stacy was shocked.
Stacy was outraged.
Stacy was going to have Sarah's head on a spike.

"What? You can't be serious."

"I'm sorry Stacy," said Sarah who was not really sorry at all.

"But you can't give it to that fat cow. Look at her. She's going blue 
in the face."

Cyan, who was indeed looking a little flustered, looked up at Stacy 
and managed a grin.

"How you can you pick her over me? I finished the routine. She 
couldn't finish a thought without breaking into a sweat."

"Because she goes down on the fullback."

Stacy stood open mouthed as the others slowly filtered out of the 
room. As Sarah gathered up her things Stacy grabbed her by the arm.

"Look you don't understand. I need to be a cheerleader." Never in 
Stacy's short life did she ever think she would utter such a sentence. 

"It's no longer up to me. You will have to talk to Ms. Spencer." Sarah 
shook her arm free from Stacy's grasp and walked out of the gym.
Stacy decided to talk to Ms. Spencer. She was determined to be a 
cheerleader no matter what. Nothing was going to keep her from 
sleeping with Angus. She held her head high and walked to the front 
door. When Stacy made up her mind nothing would slow her down.
Except for the front door which was now locked.

"Shit! What else could go wrong?"

She was answered by darkness as the gym lights were switched off.

"Double Shit!"


Maggie Spencer was walking down the hallway when she heard banging 
coming from the gym. She took her keys out of her pocket and walked 
over to the door. Quickly unlocking it she swung it open to find a 
beautiful young blonde girl looking up at her.

"Oh thank you Ms. Spencer. I have been trapped in there for ages."

Maggie looked at the girl who was wearing the briefest of cheerleader 
attire. She marvelled at the pert young breasts that were obviously 
not restricted by a bra and noticed that the coldness of the gym had 
caused the nipples to stand out. Maggie wondered if the young girl was 
wearing any panties.

"Um Ms. Spencer? I was wondering if I could talk to you about getting 
onto the squad."

Maggie fantasised about slowly undressing the young blonde, letting 
her hands run over the taught, young body.

"Ms Spencer?"

"You're very beautiful young lady."

Stacy knew what the teacher was thinking. She had seen that look 
before. Ms. Spencer was a big woman, not fat but with broad shoulders 
and large breasts. She really wanted to get on the cheerleading squad 
so she made a quick decision. She stepped back and placed her hand on 
one of her breasts, slowly tracing a finger around the erect nipple 
while she cocked her head in a little girl way.

"I really want to be a cheerleader Ms. Spencer."

"You do?" Maggie had a difficulty in swallowing. Was this student 
actually trying to seduce her?

"Yes, I do." Stacy gripped her top and slowly pulled it over her head, 
letting her breasts swing free.

"How much do you want to be a cheerleader?"

Stacy slid one hand beneath her skirt and slowly caressed her puss.

"Very, very much Ms."

She turned her back on the teacher and slowly pulled up her skirt, 
revealing the black G-string panties beneath. Glancing back at Ms. 
Spencer she slowly bent over, sliding her hands down her shapely legs.

"I want it so much Ms. Spencer. I would do anything to be a 
cheerleader. Anything."

Stacy slid a hand between her legs and ran a finger over the thin 
fabric covering her pussy. From her vantage point Maggie could see 
everything that finger touched.

Maggie could take no more. She lunged forward and fell on her knees 
behind the teenager. She ran her tongue over the wet panties and was 
rewarded by a visible shiver running through Stacy's body.

"Oh Ms. Spencer, you have done this before. Oh god my pussy is so wet 
for you. I want you in the worst possible way."

Maggie knew that what she was doing was wrong. If she was caught 
having sex with a student she would be fired for sure. But she had a 
weakness for teenage girls. All those years of taking the girls for 
physical education had been torture for her. All those lithe young 
bodies running and stretching in front of her. It was more than she 
could take. And she knew that several of the girls she had taught 
liked to sleep with other girls. It was so obvious, the way they 
'accidentally' bumped into one another during their routines, the way 
their hands had lingered on each other's body. 
Maggie had even caught two of the girls in the locker room after 
class. She had walked in just in time to see them undressing each 
other then slowly caressing their partner's body. Maggie had 
considered stopping them but instead had pulled back into the shadows 
and watched. As the girls went down on each other the teacher had 
watched and masturbated. She came as quietly as she could and then 
left, the sounds of their lovemaking echoing in her ears.
And now here she was licking the pussy of a girl who could not be any 
older than sixteen. She knew it was wrong but she was helpless to 
resist. She gently peeled the panties down and ran her long tongue 
over the eager young snatch. Pressing her face against the young puss 
as hard as she could thrust her tongue in deeply and was rewarded by 
feeling Stacy clamp down on it. She lapped eagerly and in a matter of 
seconds her face was covered in the juices of the young girl. Maggie 
pulled back for a second and told Stacy to lie down, which she quickly 
did. A Stacy played with her own breasts Maggie went down on her 
again, swirling her tongue expertly around inside, caressing every 
nook and cranny she could reach.
Stacy moaned with pleasure under the expert touch of the teacher. She 
pulled and pinched her nipples, making them stand up under her touch. 
Stacy loved being eaten, it was her favourite part of sex. Which was 
why she didn't think twice about having sex with a woman. Nobody knows 
what turns a woman on like another woman does. And this woman knew 
exactly what turned her on. She felt the teacher slide two fingers 
into her pussy and moaned again. If she had known that she could be a 
cheerleader this way she would of come to Ms. Spencer straight away.

Maggie placed her mouth over Stacy's clit and gently sucked as she 
slid her fingers in and out of the eager young pussy. She felt Stacy's 
hips buck beneath her and went with it, not losing contact with her 
clit for a second. Her tongue darted out and quickly flicked across 
it's surface. Stacy's hips bucked again and Maggie knew it was time.

Stacy cried aloud as she climaxed, the sound echoing off the walls of 
the empty gymnasium. She savagely squeezed her own breasts as she 
wrapped her legs around Maggie's head, her body now a slave to the 
pleasure that swept over her. 

As the teenager lay on the floor trying to catch her breath Ms. 
Spencer slowly got undressed.

"Did you enjoy that young lady?"

"Oh yes Ms. Spencer, very much so. I just wish there was something I 
could do for you."

"There is young lady."

Maggie finished undressing and lay down on the floor, her legs parted 
to show exactly what it was she wanted Stacy to do.

Stacy smiled as she went down on her.


Tracy slowly rocked back and forth on top of Clifford. The two had 
been making love in her bed for over an hour now. She had climaxed 
several times already and was rapidly approaching the brink again. She 
closed her eyes and started to move her hips rapidly, grinding down on 
her lover, trying to force every last bit of him inside her. She 
smiled as she felt his hands on her breasts. She loved it when he 
squeezed her breasts as she came, it added so much more to the 
pleasure. Clifford was a fast learner. She came in a rush, yelping in 
ecstasy as she felt Clifford cum with her. Tracy felt an incredible 
force take over her body, filling her with energy and light. As it 
ebbed she collapsed on top of Clifford and felt his arms around her. 
She smiled and thought that she could stay like this forever.
Suddenly her bedroom door slammed open to reveal an infuriated Stacy.

"I don't fucking believe this. Oh hi Cliffy. Fucking my sister again I 
see."

Clifford offered a halfhearted wave to her as Tracy sat up to talk to 
her twin.

"What's wrong Stacy?"

"Oh nothing much. I passed the cheerleader exam only to be told that I 
couldn't be on the squad because I hadn't sucked the fullback's cock."

"I'm sure that was a simple oversight on your part Stacy. There can't 
be too many cocks in this school that you haven't sucked."

"Oh ha ha Tracy. You are just so fucking funny. Do you want me to tell 
you the rest or will you be to busy with your new career as a 
comedienne?"

"Oh please continue. It's not as if I was busy or anything." Tracy 
hoped her sarcasm would strike her sister dead but Stacy just took a 
breath and went on with her story.

"So anyway that slut Sarah told me I had to talk to Ms. Spencer."

"And did you?"

"In a matter of speaking."

"What does that mean?"

"Well I got to talk to her after."

"After what? Oh god you didn't. Not Ms. Spencer. Tell me you didn't 
fuck Ms. Spencer."

"But I really wanted to be on the squad," cried Stacy.

"But Ms. Spencer?"

"Well actually she's not that bad at it."

"Oh god I am going to puke."

"I'm not sure Cliffy would like that. Would you Cliffy?"

Clifford new better than to get involved in these sorts of 
conversations so he just shrugged non-comittedly.

"So are you on the squad now?" Tracy wanted to get back to screwing 
Clifford but she also wanted to hear the end of the story.

"Am I on the squad? Well I would be, if that fat bitch actually was 
the one who decided who was on the squad."

"You mean?"

"Yup. I ate that bitch for nothing."

"So who does decide?"

"Coach Baxter."

"Megaphone Baxter?" Coach Baxter was known as Megaphone because of the 
loud hailer he used during practice. The school rumour was that he 
used it to give instructions to his wife in bed.

"That's the one."

"But how are you going to persuade him to let you onto the squad?"

"Well I was talking to his daughter the other day and she told me 
about these video's that she found in his bedroom."

"What sort of videos?"

"Porn videos of a certain type. If we can act out our own little porn 
video for him, maybe I can persuade him to let me on the squad."

"I know I am going to regret this but what kind of porn video are we 
talking about here?"

"Lesbian incest video's."

"No."

"Oh come on Tracy."

"No."

"I really need to get on to the cheerleader squad."

"NO! I will not do this just to get you laid by some jock."

"Then do it for Cliffy."

"Me?" Clifford did not like where this was going.

"What does Clifford have to do with this?"

"Nothing darling, she is just grasping at straws."

"Oh really Cliffy? I take it you haven't told her then."

"Told me what? What is she talking about Clifford?"

"It's nothing really. Don't worry about it."

Tracy reached down and grabbed him by the balls. 

"Tell me now Clifford." She gave them a squeeze to show that she meant 
business.

"No, wait. I'll tell you. Just don't squeeze so hard." Clifford's 
voice had gone up an octave as he pleaded for his balls.

Tracy released her grip and glared down at him.

"Tell me now Clifford or I will get a knife and Bobbit you."

"Okay, okay. Stacy dared me to help her get laid by Angus. And if she 
doesn't then I lose."

"And then he will be my slave for life Tracy. It will be so nice to 
have that dick at my beck and call."

"Oh you little bitch. How could you do that?"

"Lets just call it insurance. So what's it going to be Tracy? Are you 
going to help me or not?

Tracy looked down at Clifford then back at her sister. She opened her 
mouth and said

----------------------------------------------------------------------
What will happen next?
Will Tracy do the wild thing with her sister in front of Coach Baxter?
Will Stacy get to be a cheerleader?
Will Clifford get Bobbited by Tracy?
Is Bobbited a word?
These and other questions will be answered in seven days in the next 
exciting episode of Twins, Cheerleader Blues.



