Naked Stunts
by nancyisnaked

Hanging out in the dorm leads to streaking.

"So what do you do to have fun in the country?" Kristen asked me. She was from New York. "It must be so boring."

"Yeah, it can be sometimes," I said. I grew up in a really small town in Western Kansas. "But there's no people around, which can be nice." I was halfway through my freshman year of college still adjusting to being around so many people.

"What's wrong with people?" she asked.

I wasn't sure what to say. "Well you can't walk around outside naked with a bunch of people around," I finally said.

"Who wants to walk around naked outside?" she said quickly.

"I do," I answered. "There's nothing better than feeling the wind blow across your body. Sometimes, walking home from school I would slip behind the trees and walk most of the way home in the buff."

Both Kristen and Kate looked at me like I was nuts. It was the last Thursday night of Winter break before school started the following Monday. Most of my fellow students weren't coming back until the weekend and so the campus was pretty deserted. However, I did manage to find a few of my friends who had come back early. It was snowing outside, so Kristen, Kate, and I decided to stay in and hang out in their dorm room drinking wine.

"Aren't you afraid you'll get caught?" Kate asked.

"Sometimes," I shrugged. "But that's what makes it exciting. I love the tingling sensation I get from the fear. It's kind of a rush."

They both declared me insane. The night continued on and another bottle of wine was emptied. I was pretty hammered by the time Kristen suggested that we play a good ol' game of truth or dare. I thought it was kind of lame with just us three girls but we didn't have much else to do.

At first we all took truths. They were, indeed, lame. "Have you ever given a blow job?", "Has someone gone down on you?", and so on. Kate was the first one to accept a dare. I think she was bored and was in the mood for something less benign.

Kristen dared her to kiss her butt. It was nothing exciting; Kristen didn't even pull down her pants. So I decided to accept a dare on the next turn.

"I dare you to streak down the hallway outside, Miss naked girl," Kate said to me.

I should have seen that coming. The thought terrified me. There was a good chance I would run into someone I knew. Kristen and Kate started giving me a hard time when I didn't get up. Finally, when I couldn't take their rousing anymore, I stood up having decided I would do it. I had a difficult time standing as I began to unbutton my jeans. Even though I was pretty buzzed from the wine, I was still nervous. My knees were shaking and my palms were sweaty. My head was spinning but I couldn't tell if that was from the alcohol or from being nervous.

Time seemed to stand still and rush forward all at the same time. It had felt like hours had crawled by when I finally had my clothes off and I found myself standing naked front of the door. At this point I could feel my excitement begin to build even I though my fear was almost paralyzing. Just being naked in front of Kate and Kristen was enough to get me going. I could tell they were checking me out.

Kate opened the door and pointed the way for me. I took a tentative step outside and glanced up and down the hallway to see if anyone was around. I could hear Kristen and Kate giggling hysterically behind me as I set off down the hall. My heart was thumping so loud I thought my chest would explode.

I ran to the end of the hall, turned around, and headed back towards Kate and Kristen, who were watching me and laughing the whole time. I got a tingling sensation in the back of my neck and felt it spread throughout my body. Being in the familiar dorm hallway naked, where I walked to and from class everyday and practically everyone knew who I was, was really getting to me. The excitement was going straight down to between my legs.

When I finally made it back to Kate and Kristen they told me I had to walk to the other end of the hall and back. With my confidence returning I didn't object. My knees no longer felt like rubber and my heart wasn't pounding like a jackhammer anymore. I leisurely strolled down the other end of the hall and then began to turn back around.

Just as I was done turning around and heading back I yelped when the stairwell door burst open right in front of me. My heart began trying to leap out of my chest again. A Chinese guy walked out and stopped dead in his tracks. He looked older and I figured he was probably a grad student. I actually saw his eyes get wide as he looked at me. Then his eyes stayed glued to my body.

The fright rattled me so bad I almost peed right there in front of him. I wanted to turn and run but my legs wouldn't move. I watched his eyes roam over every part of my naked body. He just stood there, still staring at me, like I was a cow at a cattle market. My legs finally started to work just as he got behind me and I started back toward the dorm room. He seemed kind of scared too and I saw him walking quickly toward the other hall.

I couldn't see Kate or Kristen in the hallway anymore and when I arrived at their door I found it locked. I knocked but they wouldn't open it. I could hear them laughing behind the door. At this point I was beyond caring about anything.

I hated the fact that I had been paralyzed while that guy just stood there staring at me. The whole incident had lasted less than 20 seconds but it had felt like hours. I had felt scared, ashamed, turned on, sexy, and a million other feelings all at the same time. There was too much going on and I figured my brain had just shutdown. I had been terrified that he'd try to touch me or call the campus police.

I leaned back against the wall next to the door wondering when Kate or Kristen would open it. Without thinking I reached down between my legs and started to touch myself. I was dripping wet and was quickly lost in the pleasure. I slid to the floor, spread my legs, and started to masturbate in earnest. When heard the door open I didn't stop or even open my eyes; I just kept moving my finger over my clit. I kept going until I climaxed. I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life.

When I finally stopped I saw Kate and Kristen staring at me with shocked expressions but I was too exhausted to care. I was in a daze and they had to help me stand up and walk back inside. I got dressed and started thinking straight again. We all had a good laugh about it a relived the incident several times.

Later that night back in my own dorm room, which I had to myself for a couple of more days, I stripped and masturbated in front of the window with the curtains open. I doubt anyone saw me since it was so late and my room is on the 11th floor but I had brought myself to a powerful orgasm. Every once in a while, when the urge hits and my roommate isn't there, I masturbate in front of the open window reliving that moment in the hallway.
