St. Martin Holiday 

A few years ago my wife Bonnie and I again vacationed in St. Martin, and instead of the Orient Beach area, we stayed at a small twenty-unit condo complex near the Cupecoy Beach on the Dutch side (Sint Maarten). While the beaches of the French side of this island are topless and sometimes nude, the Dutch side sees only occasional topless use at the beaches. 

Our condo complex was located off the beach, but had a nice pool, and luckily for us, the pool was next to our unit, literally just a few steps away. We spent the first few days visiting various nude beaches on this great little island, working on our all-over tans. But one morning we decided to relax and hang out at the pool for the day. I looked out our large window overlooking the pool, and since it was early, I told Bonnie that there was no one at the pool yet. I guess that Bonnie was in one of her naughty moods, because when we walked out to the pool, Bonnie was topless, no top or cover-up in hand. 

Soon, others came to the pool, no big deal, even though none of the other women removed their tops. Bonnie and I both enjoy the attention she gets from others when she is either nude or topless, and today was no exception. As it was near lunchtime, we took a quick dip in the pool and walked back into our condo for some lunch. I knew Bonnie must have felt particularly excited walking to our condo, with no top or cover up, and her proud, full C cups on display. Of course, I was enjoying all of this as much as she. Back in the condo, Bonnie pulled off her wet bikini bottoms, and changed into a little white mesh thong-backed one-piece body suit. 

After lunch, Bonnie asked me what she should wear to the pool for the afternoon, and I said that what she had on was just fine! She said that she hadn't considered wearing the mesh body suit to the pool, since it wasn't meant to be a bathing suit. This body suit was quite see-thru when dry, not to mention wet!! And since it wasn't a bathing suit, it has no liners. She asked if it was too revealing. Not at all! I said, not at all. With that she said that it seemed like a good idea! Ordinarily, this might have been a bit too bold for Bonnie, but while at the pool earlier, I was nice enough to mix her a few stiff bloody marys, and with another drink with lunch, she was game for anything. 

Bonnie looked great in that mesh suit, her areolas clearly visible, and luckily Bonnie was totally shaved at that time, otherwise any hair would have been clearly visible. And Bonnie's meaty pussy lips were threatening to burst though that mesh. What a luscious sight!

We strolled back to the pool, and immediately noticed all eyes on Bonnie. This outfit seemed to create even more attention than her bikini bottoms and bare tits. After lounging poolside a bit, I convinced Bonnie to take a dip with me. When she got in the water, as I suspected, the suit was totally transparent. Each guy at that pool watched our every move while we swam and played in the pool. 

When we decided to get out, Bonnie was very aware how transparent the little body suit was and she was a little anxious. I said no problem, we'll walk straight back to our lounge chairs. The thing is, we were at the far side of the pool, and I led Bonnie to the nearest ladder. Oh well, we just had to walk around the pool with Bonnie on display for all to see. As we walked around the pool, Bonnie was grasping my hand tightly, whispering curses in my ear, all the while smiling.

After drying off in the afternoon sun for a short while, we looked at each other, and knew that we had to return to our room immediately! Bonnie was HOT!! As we walked to our room, I again sensed every poolside eye on Bonnie. Perhaps it was my imagination, but I felt as though everyone at the pool knew why we were going to our room. 

Once in the room we were immediately all over each other, the bodysuit and my trunks were off in a heartbeat, and we fell onto the living room sofa. Bonnie was stroking my rock hard cock, and I had 3 fingers in Bonnie's squishy wet pussy. This was an especially great spot to make love, because we had a great view of the pool from this sofa.... A large shuttered window behind the sofa overlooked the pool. With the shutters partially open, we had a perfect view of the pool, but with the room dark, no one could easily see in. I told Bonnie that I could see everyone at the pool through the slats. I told her the muscular guy with black hair who was really oogling her was very close to us. With that, Bonnie turned and looked, pushed me down, got on top, slid down on my rock hard cock, and rode me for all I was worth. All the while watching those men who were lusting after her only minutes earlier! I prodded Bonnie on, telling her that each of those guys would love to be fucking her right now, just like I was... Then I told her that I could imagine those guys, standing in our living room, watching, and waiting to fuck her next. That did it, Bonnie came hard, juices squirting, and stifling her screams. It was great!!! 
