Revolutions & Resolutions

“Ianto, where’s Owen?” Tosh queried.

Ianto sat behind his desk. Taking a deep breath, he answered Tosh. “Honest answer, I don’t know.”

“What do you mean you don’t know?” Jack asked.

“He’s not at work, and he’s not answering his phone. Therefore, I don’t know where he is.” Ianto rubbed his hands over his face. The whole situation was getting out of hand. Maybe he could ask Dai to deal with Jack for him.

“Ianto.” Ianto jerked back to the present as Jack spoke gently to him. “Did Dai’s boys pick Owen up last night?”

Tosh turned to Jack. “Who’s Dai?”

“It doesn’t matter Tosh,” Ianto replied. “Can you leave us now. Please.” As Tosh turned away, Ianto called after her. “And can you close the door please.”

Tosh closed the office door behind her. Ianto directed Jack to sit.

“Where is Owen, Ianto?”

“Jack, I’m getting sick of this,” Ianto started. “Drop it. If I hear anymore from you about it, I’m going to have to throw you in the vaults. Now, get back to work.”

Jack looked as though he might argue, but thought better of it. He left Ianto’s office, heading straight for the archives. Tosh caught his eye. He shook his head and shrugged his shoulders.

As soon as Jack left his office, Ianto picked up his phone. He dialled. The call was answered immediately.

“Ianto. What can I do for you?”

“We need to talk. Can you meet me at the Millennium Centre in fifteen minutes?” Ianto paused. “Things are getting crazy.” His voice sounded panicky.

“Calm down, Ianto. It’ll all work out. See you soon.”

Ianto organised his paperwork before leaving the office ten minutes later, via the Tourist Office. Jack followed his movements via the CCTV before following him.

Dai was waiting when Ianto arrived at the Millennium Centre. He took the young man in his arms, kissing him deeply. When they broke the kiss, Ianto dropped his head onto Dai’s shoulder.

They had just sat down on the Plass, Dai’s arm around Ianto’s shoulders, when Jack arrived on the scene. Ianto’s head was in his hands, Dai murmuring, soothingly, in his ear, so he missed Jack’s arrival.

“Ianto,” Jack broke the moment. Ianto sprang to his feet.

“Jack! What are you doing here?”

“I followed you.”

“You what? Why?”

“Owen.”

Ianto turned his back on Jack, running a hand through his hair. He shook his head before turning back.

“Jack, please. I asked you to leave it.” Dai stood, placing a reassuring hand on Ianto’s shoulder. Jack turned to him.

“I assume you’re Dai Evans.” Dai nodded. “Where’s Owen? What have you done to him?” Dai didn’t answer.

Tension grew between the three men. Ianto was trembling. Dai moved his arm around Ianto’s waist to support him. 

Ianto’s phone rang. Digging his phone out of his pocket, Ianto turned away from Jack and Dai. He flipped it open, answering without checking the caller i.d.

“Ianto Jones.”

“Hi Ianto. It’s Andy Davidson.”

“Andy. What can I do for you?”

“It’s official business, I’m afraid,” Andy paused. “I’m at A&E. Owen Harper’s been brought in. You’re down as his next of kin.”

“How is he?”

“He’s alive – barely. Ianto, he’s taken some abuse, but I’d rather not discuss it over the phone.”

Ianto sighed. “I’ll send Jack. I’ve got something I need to sort, then I’ll head over. Thanks for letting me know.” Hanging up, Ianto turned to Jack. “Owen’s at A&E. Could you go, please?”

Jack looked thoughtfully at Ianto. After squeezing the young man’s shoulder he left them.

“Ianto.” Dai spoke softly. “Is Owen one of your employees?” Ianto nodded. “Why didn’t you tell me?”

“I was doing my job, Dai. The one you pay me to do.” Ianto was starting to struggle emotionally. It was too close to home for him. Dai pulled him close.

“I don’t want you working for me anymore, Ianto.” Surprised blue eyes met concerned brown eyes. “You have your own job to do – which is far more important.” Ianto looked puzzled.

Taking his hand, Dai led Ianto to the edge of the bay. They stood in silence, looking out towards Penarth and the barrage. Ianto finally broke the silence.

“What do you mean?”

“Ianto, I know you work for Torchwood. Don’t know what you do for them but, by the way Jack responded to your request, I’d say you’re in charge.” Dai forced eye contact. “You are, aren’t you?”

“Yes.”

“Jack loves you, you know.” Dai was back to staring out over the water. “Do you want to be with him?”

“He hates me Dai. I’m pretty sure he’s plotting to overthrow me.”

“Ianto, are you blind?” Dai laughed. “Did you not notice the way he looked at you. He was worried for your safety at my hands. So, tell me. Do you want to be with him?”

“Yes.” Ianto finally broke. The events of the previous 48 hours had taken their toll on him. Dai held him as he sobbed himself dry, shuddering in the older man’s arms.

“Go to him,” Dai whispered to Ianto. “I’ll make sure you never have any problems with my boys. You or your staff.”

“I love you, Dai,” Ianto managed through his sobs. Big blue eyes gazed into brown. “Will I see you again?”

“I don’t think that would be a good idea.” Dai placed a chaste kiss on Ianto’s lips before leaving him.

Ianto stared across the Bay. For the first in ten years he was his own man. And he had a lot of bridges to repair before he could live the life he wanted – with Jack.