Awakening - Didi                                                                                                                                                                                          

(This is the story of awakening of desire and the lessons learnt by watching others perform erotic acts. How my friend Kunthi and I learnt about and experimented with the pleasures of cunt, and how we became curious about the role of the prick and then went on to experience our first fucks. Any comments can be addressed to didi_mumme@yahoo.com) 

I was always interested in the mysteries of sex. When I was about eighteen years old, I used to rub my breasts in bed, at night, imagining that Ankush, my younger brother, was doing it. The simple reason to imagine him was that he was the only one I could imagine to agree to do it. At that time I had no idea about other parts of my body. I had also no idea about the importance of the 'moongphali', as we called the penis at that time. My friends and I had seen only children naked in those days, and on them it looked like a 'moongphali' (groundnut). 

Kunthi, one of my friends, told me that she had seen her elder brother, Satheesh, about twenty years old, with their maid. They were handling one another's' sexual parts. They called them 'Pooru or Chooth' and 'Kunna or Lund' (cunt and prick). She said that her brother's Kunna was not at all like 'moongphali'. It was like a banana - erect and hard. Her 'Chooth' (cunt) was hairy and he was playing with it with his fingers. That day, at the first opportunity, Kunthi showed me what he was doing with his fingers. I enjoyed it a lot. Both of us experienced ourselves that in that process our cunts had become wet. Now it became our favourite past time. One day, accidentally her finger slipped inside my cunt. As both of us were very excited, the force of her excitement caused some pain to me but simultaneously her whole finger went in. This had never happened before. She panicked and tried to pull it out. But I stopped her and pushed it in again. It caused a pleasurable sensation and I asked her to move her finger in and out. It proved exquisite! I closed my eyes and hugged her. "Yes, Kunthi do it. Bahut mazaa aa rahaa hai" 

She felt jealous and asked me to do the same to her. When I pushed my finger into her cunt, she also winced with pain but she did not stop me. I repeated everything. Both of us fingered one another simultaneously now. We continued it for some time and then stopped. It was a whole new experience for us. Next day when we met we discussed it and decided that this must have some other possibilities also. I asked her if she had seen her brother with the maid again. She exclaimed, "Oh tomorrow is Saturday. Last time also I had seen them on Saturday", as the elders went to the temple on Saturday. She said she would spy on them. Next day when she came she was very excited. "Mannu, I have seen them doing many more things. They were enjoying it a lot." 

She told me that when the maid came she was probably prepared. "She appeared to have taken a bath and had a clean saari and blouse on. My mother had given those to her". Satheesh embraced her tightly and kissed her on the lips. Kunthi showed me how. She lightly touched my lips with hers and then touched my tongue with hers. She tried to get hold of my tongue with her lips. I also copied her. It was a sort of game, an erotic game. After some time she pushed her tongue into my mouth and started moving it in and out like we had done to our choots with our fingers. Oh! This too was a new experience for us. Today I understood that kissing could be a very sexual and enjoyable activity.

"I could see that he was pulling her saari up", Kunthi continued after some time. "Kharaab ho jaayegi. Isko utaar dete hain", the maid said, and she took it off. Satheesh took off her blouse. Now, the maid was about twenty-two or three years old. Her breasts (boobs, or Mulai, as her brother called them) were still full. "Mannu, uske doodh tight aur gol hain. Uske nipples moongphali ki tarah hain. Jab mere bhai ne unhein choosaa to woh seedhe khare ho gaye (Mannu, her breasts are tight and round. When my brother sucked on them, they became erect)". Kunthi said, "Bhaiyya was kissing all over her body. She had her eyes closed. It was an erotic sight. She was trembling with pleasure. 

"HoonhhhhOhoShhshhhkaro karo." And she extended her hand and took hold of my brother's penis. She started moving her hand two and fro. Now, my brother also started making noises", she said. While she was narrating the scene, we were busy fingering each other. Kunthi said," Mannu something is happening to me. I felt as if everything is flowing towards my Pooru (cunt). My legs are feeling weak and there is a strange, pleasurable sensation. Oh, oh, hoo yesyes" Suddenly she went limp. Her lips were open. There was a faint smile and an expression of satisfaction. I felt a sort of tenderness and love for her. Love full of eroticism, and I kissed passionately on her lips. I had a feeling that I had achieved something. She opened her eyes and asked me. "Did you also feel something? It was exquisite." I said, "Yes, I felt very good that I had given you all this pleasure. What more do I want?" She could not understand me. But I am clear now that ever since I have enjoyed more in giving. The feeling that I was making the other person happy gave me a strange sense of achievement. Also, I have ever since felt that I have a slight preference for females for intimate and sexual satisfaction, though I enjoy males also. Well, after resting for a while Kunthi described what happened next.

"Mannu, Satheesh Bhaiyya ne use bare pyaar se litaayaa aur choomnaa shuru kiyaa (Brother made her lie down very tenderly and started kissing her)." She said that she could clearly see that he was eager to please her and Paarwathi, the maid, was guiding his face very subtly from face to neck, to her chest, and finally to her breasts. He paid special attention to them. He lightly rubbed them with his hands. His tongue was teasing her orbs of pleasure. "Kunthi, kabhi who uske nipples ko choostaa thaa, kabhi chaatataa thaa (Now he would lick her nipples and now suck on them). Paarwathi was very excited. She was moving from side to side. Her legs were stretching and bending involuntarily. Slowly he started going lower. He pushed his pointed tongue into her naval. She was enjoying it thoroughly. He progressed towards her tuft of black hair. She had trimmed it. I saw a feeling of expectancy on her face. Now he rubbed her whole Pooru area with his tongue delicately. She opened her thighs even more widely, as if she wanted his head to enter inside her from there. Paarwathi said, "Ab oopar aa jaao. Ab mujhe hone waalaa hai". Satheesh's Kunna was now hard and red. The knob at tip looked as if it would burst. It was leaking also. He climbed over her and covered her body. "

I saw him aiming his Kunna (cock) at her Pooru (cunt). For a few seconds he lightly rubbed it on the lips of her Pooru. The lips slightly opened. Mannu, they were shining and red. Wetness was flowing out of them. Satheesh humped his backside twice or thrice and then thrust. Paarwathi gave out a small cry of pleasure. Her knees bent slightly and she tightly hugged Satheesh's body by her legs. Now both of them were moving. Satheesh was thrusting from above and Paarwathi from below. She called him Kunju (baby). I had a strange feeling. This maid was calling my brother with an expression of intimacy. He was now digging into her at speed and with force. I became so wet that my water started, literally, flowing down my legs. I had to rub my Pooru. All of us reached a sort of climax simultaneously. I suspect it was my groan of pleasure that made them cautious. But they were so absorbed in the afterglow of fucking that they did not seem to care. But later on, I do not know why, I gave a hint to Paarwathi that I suspected some thing."

This long account by Kunthi had made both of us so hot. We reversed our bodies and tried to imitate what Kunthi had related. We licked and licked. Suddenly I felt an electric current in my body. My whole frame shivered. And I collapsed. I do not know after how long I opened my eyes. Kunthi was still lying with a faint smile on her face. For the first time both of us had full-blown orgasms. We also discovered our clit or Kandh, as Kunthi had heard her brother call it. Now we started enjoying ourselves a lot. But after some time the need to expand the area of satisfaction overtook us. I did something very indiscreet, but as chance would have it, my fears turned out to be unfounded. I contacted Paarwathi secretly. I told her that Kunthi knew of her escapades with Satheesh and we would not tell it to anyone if she cooperated with us. She went white with fear, but she agreed. I called her the next day to my house. Both Kunthi and I talked to her. First we asked her to tell us all about fucking. She did. In one hour we learnt so much. It turned out that Paarwathi and Satheesh were just playing around. He was paying her handsomely. Before she left I made her lick our cunts properly, as I was not sure if we were doing it rightly. Now I made a plan. I asked Kunthi if she would be willing to play with her brother. She went red. She said, "Pahle tu kar le. Mein dekhoongi, baad men sochoongi ki mein himmat kar sakti hoon".

I played the same hand with Satheesh and called him to my house. Kunthi was hiding inside. As soon as we bolted the door, he turned around and caught me. I told him to behave as I had his pictures with Paarwathi. "I will have your Pooru (cunt) today. You also want me to, that is why you are trying to blackmail me". I had thought about all the possibilities. I knew that if today he takes the upper hand, he will exploit us. Whereas I wanted to exploit him for our fun. I said, "Satheesh, mujhe Kunna (lund) kaheen bhi mil saktaa hai. Mujhe koi khaas shauk tumhaare lund kaa nahin hai. Par meri shart yeh hai ki tum Kunthi kee choot bhi choosoge. Uske paas tumhaare donon ke photo hain". He went pale. Obviously Paarwathi had not told him anything. I had told her not to. I said, "This will save you money. We will fuck you. If you want, we will make payment in terms of the pictures that we have." He had to agree. 

While I was talking I had been giving him glimpses of my Mulai (Boobs). I got hold of his hand. He said, "Are we starting right now?" I said, I was in no hurry, but his sister was about to come and we should better be heated up by then. I did not tell him that she was already here and was watching us. I knew he would be able to fuck with her only if he was heated up. I guided him to the sofa. By the time we sat, I had his hand pressed to my cunt from the outside. I told him to take his lund out. "Show me the first official Keralite Kunna" I was going to see the first lund in my life and I was behaving like I was an old hand. He opened his zipper and got hold of the tool. He was not wearing any briefs. It was a glorious thing. (Later, many Lunds later, I had to accept that his was one of the finest. Not the thickest, or the longest, but it was definitely beautiful.) Must have been about 6 or so inches, thick like an average banana, bulb shining and red with a tinge of blue, shaped like a sort of umbrella. Growing out of a thick, curly bush it looked like a mushroom. I asked him if it was painful due to erection. He said that if it was not relieved it may become so. I said, "Don't suffer. Give it relief" (I was dying to touch it, feel it in my mouth, in my cunt. Feel it spurting on my boobs, but I was showing him that I was to play the shots). He looked at me, surprised. I said, "Go ahead. I want to see how much seed you can spurt." He said it would be better if I did it. I told him to do what I had said. I had to demonstrate everything for the benefit of Kunthi also. I had seen that behind the door, at his back, she had her hand inside her salwaar. I told him to stand up. I arranged the place for Kunthi's benefit. He started playing with it. Up, down; up, down. First slowly, and then faster. It looked as if the bulb would burst. Well, burst it did, but not the bulb. A Niagara. It went about five or six feet towards the roof, in an arch, towards the door where Kunthi was hiding. It was thick, white, heavy. I did not show any curiosity, though it was my first male discharge experience. Slowly his laura started becoming soft, very slowly. Obviously we had a very sturdy lund at our service. 

I said, "I have read in Vatsyayan's Kamasutra that Kerala beauties like "Mukhmaithun (mouth fucking)" He said he had not read the book, but he also liked the same. Now, I started petting him. He did not hurry. Leisurely, he started touching my Mulai; I helped him open my blouse. I pulled up my saari slowly so as not to make it obvious that I was eager. After a few minutes both of us were naked. I said, "Le ab mujhe nangaa dekh le. Mein compare kar chuki hoon Paarwathi se. Us se chuswaa bhi chuki hun (Come now see me naked. I have compared my self with Paarwathi. I have also been sucked by her") He went mad on my boobs. Paarwathi was elder to me. She had been fucking. Satheesh was not her first fuck. Probably Satheesh had not yet taken a cherry. He was not aware that he was going to take one, no, two today. He licked, kissed, drooled, rubbed, squeesed. He seemed not to be able to have his fill. His laura had become hard again. You see, it is a strange thing; it is hard but soft, loveable. I was dying for a mutual Mukhmaithun. I "accidentally" assumed a 69 posture. Both of us started licking and sucking. Oh, it is so, so great to have a lund in you mouth for the first time. I encouraged Satheesh to put his tongue in. This Kunthi and I had been doing already, almost daily. But lund in mouth, this was a first! I made all the moves. Pressed with lips, bit with teeth, polished with tongue, up and down! But I was not to be selfish. I made a quick move and sat on his mouth. He was also not slow. Before I could adjust my perch, his tongue was in my Pooru. 

I looked up and signaled to Kunthi. She was on the scene at once. He could not see her as I was sitting on his face. Kunthi must have taken his lund in her mouth, because he started mumbling something. I pressed down so that he may not get up. I said to Kunthi, "Bhai ke lund par apni choot fit kar de, sharmaanaa chhor. (Fit your cunt on your brother's prick, stop feeling shy"). And I felt her behind me. She brought her arms around and grabbed my tits. She was an expert at titillating the teats. Now Satheesh also started enjoying. All three of us became one. Kunthi started her cunt career with her elder brother. She made him a Bahan-chod (Sister-fucker). However, I had yet to open my cherry. But I had no regrets. After Kunthi had her cum, I rode on him. He had not yet come. So, I rode like a bull-girl (assuming like he was a cow-boy), and dragged out his second shower of the session. -Didi


