Becca Obeys 
by Ratios

Part 3:

Clothing malfunctions, public displays, and stress relief.

"Thought so," Nicky announced, as if she had just won some silent argument, unfolding her arms and relaxing her posture. "It's nice to know that you do still have some limits and aren't willing to run around topless, B."

When Nicky pulled off her cream colored shawl that she was wearing over her clothes and handed it to me, my lip quivered and I wanted to pick her up off the ground and give her the biggest hug ever. The shawl was not a shirt, and was obviously supposed to be worn over another top, but it covered most of my upper body when draped over my shoulders, and only left a small gap down the front of my body on display; no bare nipples or anything! With the shawl on, I suddenly found myself more covered than I had been at any point in the last couple of hours.

Having donned Nicky's gifted clothing item, I ducked out from Big Mike's arms and gave her the great big bear hug she deserved, whispering, "Thank you," in her ear.

Even without her shawl, Nicky still had on a T-shirt and jeans, so it wasn't as if she had stripped herself for my sake but, to a starving woman, a few crumbs could be more meaningful than gold.

"You're welcome," she whispered back, reaching up to ruffle my hair. Stepping back, she looked me in the eye and said, "Sooner or later, we're going to have to sit down and hash out what it is that you really want, though."

I'll let you know the second I find out myself, I wanted to say, but Sasha provided an answer of a different sort.

"I think that figuring out what Becca wants, and how that changes based on how embarrassed, and thus how aroused she is, is the question we're trying to answer with our activities tonight and going forward. Every request we ask that she does or does not execute upon gives us, and her, a better idea of where those boundaries lie."

It sounded sensical enough to my confused brain that I just nodded dumbly.

Furrowing her brow, Nicky thought for a moment and then asked, "Sooo... What, we should all just push Becca around a bit til she hits the walls of her horniness, like just there when she was topless, and then back off a bit and try something else?"

Looking up and swaying her head back and forth a bit, Sasha agreed, "I wouldn't have put it in quite those colorful terms but, essentially, yes."

"And, Becca, you're cool with this?"

All eyes on me, I felt compelled to respond and nodded stupidly.

"Okaaaay... Sasha, you said 'our activities tonight and going forward'. Are you saying this is going to become the norm? Like, Study Group time is now also 'push Becca's boundaries until she's a throbbing wet mess' time, or something?"

"Again, not quite the terminology I would use, but that is the general gist of it, yes."

"And Becca, that's what you want?"

My future was being decided by parties other than myself with barely a nod in my direction for performative approval. This was definitely what I was used to, though the stakes of the current direction were radically different than anything my parents had ever decided on my behalf. Feeling like I was unable to get off the train that was railroading me away from the land of logic and reason, I just nodded foolishly.

Getting official buy-in from me as the group's new playtoy drew a smattering of applause from Monique and Deeta and a satisfied nod from Sasha.

Throwing her hands up into the air, Nicky pronounced, "Fuck it. Why not? It will certainly make our study sessions less of a grind, that's for sure. Becca, babe, you might have some screws loose in that brain of yours but, if what you really want is to get shaken until we find out where they all are, then, I guess: get ready to get shook."

Sounding majorly hangry, Deeta butted in. "What I really want is to eat at least one horse, possibly more. Are you all coming, or what?"

One minute before, after Nicky first gave me the shawl, I had been feeling comparatively clothed and confident. Now, my focus was being pulled back towards the future, that place full of terrifying unknowns. Once again, I did my best to push those considerations off to the side in favor of focusing on putting one foot in front of another while I walked with the rest of the group down the street.

Occasionally, the breeze would come through and play with the unsecured halves of the front of my borrowed shawl but, though nobody had expressly told me to do so, I didn't wrap it around me completely, allowing it instead to just hang around my neck and shoulders with a gap in the front. The fact that I was flashing tons of sideboob to the world at large, and that my lower lips were still parted like The Red Sea when Moses was fleeing the Egyptian hordes under my short skirt, both kept my inner fire stoked as we walked.

Despite what felt like my massive level of exposure, people were passing us by barely even giving me second glances... Well, everyone was giving me second glances, but only a few people were outright staring. At least the conversation among the group had turned towards benign topics (meaning, not related to me or my partial nakedness in any way). Mostly covered and feeling somewhat comfortable and confident, I began to feel a return to a state of something close to normalcy.

Perhaps I grew too comfortable for the newly awakened desires within myself. Without consciously deciding to do so, I found myself keeping my hands at my sides, not moving to adjust the shawl as it flapped lazily in the breeze or swished back and forth with my steps. As such, I knew I was living with the constant possibility that a strong gust of wind might come along and inadvertently expose something that I didn't want to be seen. My excuse for this behavior was that I had promised the group that I would not cover up, and that relying on the shawl too much to keep myself hidden was a form of cheating. Despite this, I couldn't deny that the constant risk of becoming suddenly uncovered was thrilling in both a good and bad way.

Turns out, when you gamble, sometimes you lose, and sometimes that loss comes immediately. Channeled down the straight corridor formed by the storefronts on both sides of the street, a strong wind ripped down the way yanked the shawl off my body like a kite without a string. Borne into the air at first, it settled to whirl and dance away from me along the black asphalt of the street proper as I stared helplessly after it.

"EEK!," I shrieked when my brain caught up with what was happening, and I sprinted off after it. So focused was I on my escaping item of clothing and I was barely looking for cars that might speed by and pancake me, much less giving any thought to potentially covering my jiggling breasts.

Afterwards, I would note that not a single one of the other ladies followed to help me catch my errant garment, instead all choosing to pull out their phones and record my struggle for posterity while laughing and shouting after me with encouragement. The sight of a topless young woman in a miniskirt chasing a rag down the road drew a lot more attention to me than I had gotten with any of my previous activities, but none of that would hit me until later either, when I would remember the laughing, and the strangers taking photos, and the cars slamming on their brakes as I streaked by.

In the moment, my tunnel vision turned out to be a blessing. Who knows if I would have caught the shawl if I had been hampered by trying to prevent my boobs from bouncing all over the place as I ran, or had slowed myself down by trying to shield myself away from the prying eyes of the surrounding public. As it was, I nabbed the escaped clothing item and returned to the waiting study group ladies, wheezing and out of breath, but triumphant. The shawl was once again draped over my shoulders, now tucked into my skirt for stability, and I felt every bit like a mighty hunter returning to her waiting tribe with enough food slung over her shoulders to feed them all through the long, cold winter.

"Welp, your pre-dinner show was excellent, Bex," Deeta gushed, shoving her phone in my face.

On the screen, I watched myself, topless and frantic, zig zagging around the street after the mischievous shawl, and the reality of my actions finally hit me. The adrenaline high I was on started fading almost immediately as I realized just how much I had shown, and to how many people I had shown it. The video lasted a good thirty seconds and, during that time, I saw at least ten people in the phone's limited view staring at me, laughing at me, photographing or filming me, or just committing the image of my bare, bouncing breasts to their memories forever.

The aspect of the mighty hunter fled me completely, leaving behind only a glacial chasm filled with shame, and I felt my face get so hot that I was sure I was sure steam was going to start shooting out my ears and second as if I was in an old-timey cartoon. Grinding my thighs together to generate as much friction against my sopping wet crotch as I could, I turned and fast walked off down the street, leaving the other four giggling girls to follow in my wake.

Brain turned off to avoid thinking about the situation, I mindlessly fled away from the scene of my embarrassment for what seemed like ages until I found myself at The Speedway Bar and Grill well ahead of the rest of the ladies. Nervous energy had me standing off to the side of the entryway, my bare right foot pumping up and down on the linoleum, as I fought not to chew my cuticles down to the bone. A hostess had asked me if she could help me when I arrived but I had just muttered something about waiting for friends and went to stand awkwardly in the corner of the entry area. From the looks she was giving me, I wondered if she believed me.

Waiting for the rest of the group gave me a moment to take stock of my appearance and I made an attempt to see myself as the rest of the world might see me. The bottoms of my feet were blackened by an extended period of walking around, both in and outside, with no shoes or socks on. My reflection in the front window revealed that my hair looked like I had gotten into a fight with a lawnmower; my usually straight and organized locks hanging frazzled and wild with grass clippings mixed in. My back and the back of my absurdly short skirt had a few streaking grass stains on them, and it was obvious that the skirt was meant to be longer, but that it had been purposefully shortened to where it barely covered the bottom of my butt.

The top half of my body was covered only by a thin shawl, which left a large swath down the center of my chest and belly bare. A generous portion of the inner sides of my boobs as well as my whole stomach and naval were open to the air. The amount of skin that I was showing would have been more appropriate from a supermodel in a tawdry red carpet dress than from a nineteen year old college student standing in the lobby of some random local restaurant. The swell of my breasts was perfectly visible with the shawl tucked tightly down the front of my skirt, and my seemingly permanently stiff nipples were doing their best to poke their way outwards to reveal themselves to the world.

During my power walk to the bar, the skirt had even ridden up more, and the bottom inch or so of my panties were clearly on display. Turning away from the hostess station, my face glowing red, I pulled my skirt down as far as it would go to cover myself. Curiously, when I did, a feeling came over me of... what? Disappointment? I wasn't quite sure how to interpret it in the context of the situation I found myself in.

Out of some sense of duty to, I'm not sure who, I took the ends of the shawl tucked into my skirt's thickened waistband and moved them apart a bit further. I couldn't tell you why I did it, but it felt right on balance. Like, if I was going to adjust my skirt down to hide what it had revealed by creeping upwards, I should provide some commensurate level of exposure from somewhere else. Don't ask me why, but it made sense at the time.

With the shawl as it now hung, I thought to myself that turning abruptly would end up causing at least a nip slip, if not a total pop-out, but I found myself accepting that fact as just part of my current lifestyle. This thought felt like it should be completely foreign to me, but sailed right through my mind as if nothing were strange about it at all.

Standing there, feeling out of place, pulling blades of grass from my hair, just to let them fall to the floor of the bar, I wondered what the staff thought of me. From the looks I was getting, I would bet that they pegged me as a homeless person, or at least a woman in need of some serious mental health assistance. It wasn't clear to me that the second possibility wasn't at least partially accurate. After their initial inquiry as to my needs, none of them came anywhere near me and I'm sure each was hoping not to draw the short straw that would require them to eventually ask me to leave when my promised party inevitably failed to arrive. Much to the surprise of the staff, though, the rest of the study group ladies were only a few minutes behind me.

"There you are, Speed Racer," Monique commented when she finally came through the door and spotted me. "We were all wondering if we were going to find you here. Deets bet that you went to find the closest bathroom so that you could flick your bean before rejoining the party."

"It's what I would have done," Deeta chimed in with a wink.

The look the hostess gave me when she heard this exchange will be preserved as a flashbulb traumatic memory in my mind until the day I die. Furthermore, the idea that flashing my breasts to an entire street full of people while I made an idiot of myself chasing a shawl down the street had somehow turned me on so much that I needed to immediately run away and masturbate to clear my head was both exceedingly offensive and disturbingly close to accurate. Upset as I was at the hostess having heard the accusation, as well as the implication behind it, I couldn't say whether I was more upset that Deeta had assumed that the purpose of my hasty exit was to go jill off, or the fact that the only reason it hadn't been was that I hadn't thought of it first.

"Let's just get seated," I mumbled, hoping to change the subject.

Nicky asked the hostess for a table for five and I did my best to hide at the back of the group, out of her view. I guess I was somehow hoping that she would forget I existed, despite having stood in front of her, acting overtly conspicuous, for the last several minutes, followed by being the target of Monique's bawdy statement about running off to touch myself. Peering past the group, the hostess made a point of looking down to my bare feet, then back up to my eyes, and then down to the big gap the shawl left on my front, and then back to my face again.

"I can't put you all in the main room. Health regulations... you understand, right?"

A collective groan from the group was our only response, and I immediately began to feel terrible for ruining the evening, but the hostess graciously threw us a lifeline.

"Best I can do is the patio."

We all professed our thanks and she grabbed a stack of menus before leading us out a door to the side of the building. The patio in question was a platform raised about three feet off of street level attached to the side of the bar with an iron railing around it. A dozen single-piece wooden park bench and picnic table combos were evenly distributed around the area, their large built-in umbrellas having already been closed and lowered due to the falling sun and rising winds.

The hostess led us back to the table furthest from the door and told us that a member of the wait staff would be around to take our order before leaving. Picking the closest spot, I started to step over the bench to sit, but Monique grabbed my arm to stop me and led me to the spot in the back corner instead. Since the benches were perpendicular to the railing, this seat put me essentially facing along the line of the road, only three feet above it and one foot over.

When I sat down, I was faced with a dilemma: leave my skirt under my butt or sit directly on the smooth bench. If I sat on my skirt, as soaked as my crotch and panties were, I was sure that I would end up leaving a giant wet spot on the skirt, and I didn't know if I could take walking back to Monique's place with an advertisement on my butt of how horny I was. If I sat directly on the bench, it would likely cause my already-miniaturized skirt to ride up, putting my butt, legs, and crotch on greater display to the rest of the patio and the adjacent sidewalk.

Not wanting to stain my clothes, I finally elected to pull my skirt up in the back and sat with my wet panty covered butt directly on the seat; a decision which drew a snicker from several of the group. This also had the unexpected, yet positive, effect of cooling off an area of my body that had been raging with hormone fueled heat for hours, but that comfort was tempered by the mortifying idea of what kind of an imprint I might end up leaving on the wooden bench. It was best not to think about such things.

Monique sat next to me, with Sasha next to her, Nicky on the other side, and then Deeta directly across from me. The rest of the ladies were talking about how funny it had been to see me running around in the street, chasing my windblown clothing, so I just buried my face in my menu and tried to think small thoughts. When Deeta stood up from the table and started bouncing her boobs under her clothes in an impression of what I had looked like, before collapsing back into her seat with laughter, I could only hope that none of the twenty or so other patrons sitting at patio tables could hear what our group was talking about, and that none of them took Deeta's ape-ish display as a reason to spend further time looking at, or under, our table

"Tell me, Becca: did you enjoy it?," Nicky asked, reaching diagonally across the table to pull my menu down so that she could see my face.

"You mean getting my top stolen by the wind?," I asked, as indignantly as I could muster (which wasn't very).

"No, I meant studying for your math quiz, dork. 'Course I meant getting natured by nature."

"It was horrifying," was my response.

"So, 100% all bad? No Cardi B down below?," Deeta jumped in and asked.

"Huh?," I asked, confused. "Cardi B?"

With a snort, Monique clarified, "I think she's asking if flashing the world gave you a Wet Ass Pussy." Grinning, Deeta nodded to this and Monique smiled along. "What do you think, ladies? Should we find out by asking an expert," at which she pointed to my face, "or by examining the evidence?," which she emphasized by putting her hand on my thigh with her fingertips under my skirt.

The touch on my bare thigh caused me to draw a sharp inhale of air through my nose and my core tightened up of its own accord.

"Show me the evidence!," declared Deeta, gleefully, and Sasha nodded along amusedly.

Nicky, at least, gave a glance around to see if anyone was looking our way, before answering. The sun had fully set and the patio was only lit by a few strings of Christmas style lights, so it wasn't super bright out, and the rest of the patrons on the patio seemed to be mainly concerned with their own meals and conversations. Seeing all this, Nicky grinned wide and concluded, "In the interest of good science, and pushing boundaries, I think Becca would agree that we need to go straight to the source for this answer."

Outvoted without ever casting a ballot, I steeled myself for what had to come next as Monique pulled up the front of my skirt and tucked it into the top of the hem. This had the effect of essentially reducing the front half of the mini-skirt into a thick belt at waist level. Reaching between my legs and poking my thighs, I knew what she wanted, but resisted at first, hoping that raising my skirt might be the end of it. This only prompted her to poke me more insistently so, using my self-promise of enthusiastic compliance as an excuse, I gave in completely and allowed her to spread my legs, wider and wider, until my knees hit the bench on both sides. In technical terms, the angle of my spread was definitively obtuse, though 'obscene' might have been a better word for it.

Once she had me spread to her satisfaction, she peeked into my lap and then, smirking, pulled out her phone and took a photo from above table level, with flash, of my crotch. Presenting the photo to each other lady at the table, Monique announced, "No worries, Bex is still obviously loving this. She is one Juicy Lucy."

Thankfully, Monique sat her phone face down on the table when a tired looking waitress came out onto the patio and walked over to our table. Though there was a two inch thick slab of wood between her eyes and my spread legs, I still felt myself sweating into my scant clothes and hoping that she didn't come stand behind me specifically to take my order.

"Welcome to Speedway, ladies, my name is Laurie. Can I get you started with any drinks or appetizers or do you need a few minutes to look at the menu?"

After a bit of back and forth, it was decided that we were ready to order. Everyone told the waitress what they wanted to eat and then Deeta requested, "And can we get a pitcher of whatever IPA you have on draft for the table?"

Laurie, who looked to be in her thirties, didn't bat an eye at the request. "Sure thing, can I see all of your IDs?"

Deeta began reaching for her purse while the rest of us stared at her curiously before she paused and frowned. "Oh yeah, you have to be twenty one in this bloody country to get alcohol, don't you?"

Nodding, Laurie confirmed this.

I couldn't tell if she was joking or not, but Deeta stuck her hand out towards me and offered, "How about if our friend Rebecca over here flashes you her lovely breasts? Will you get us a pitcher then?"

My heart paused mid beat as Laurie gave me a slow up and down accompanied by a raised eyebrow

"Sure-," she replied, to which Deeta high fived Monique across the table, but then Laurie continued with a big smile, "-as long as you also all show me photo IDs proving you're over twenty one years of age."

Sitting back down like a deflated balloon, Deeta muttered, "Mean..."

In a teasing voice, Laurie asked, "Does that mean that I don't get to see Rebecca's lovely breasts then?"

Five pairs of eyes turned to stare at me as I froze up like a deer watching the approach of the oncoming car that was going to crush it.

Laughing, Laurie stepped back from the table with a, "Just kidding. Better luck next time. I'll go put your orders in and be back with some water," before heading back inside the bar.

Through the entire exchange, my hands never stopped holding onto my menu with a death grip and, it wasn't until Laurie had disappeared from view that I realized I had been holding my breath. Apparently unaware or uncaring of the fragility of my mental state at the moment, the group settled in to discuss the differences in legal systems between the USA and the rest of the modern world, bemoaning our issues with healthcare, individual liberty, and our specific group's inability to get wasted on a Saturday night at uni. As the only person at the table not participating in the conversation, I was the first to notice the approach of the stranger from down at street level.

A girl that looked a few years older than us came walking along the sidewalk, minding her own business, but did a textbook double as she passed by my nearly exposed private parts, presented conveniently at her eye level. Quickly burying my face in the menu still in my hands, I could only imagine the view she was getting from the street below. It wasn't until she addressed me from where she had come to stand next to the edge of the patio that the rest of the ladies took notice of her.

"Holy hell, girl. You need a towel dry and a good fucking, maybe not in that order."

Nicky jumped to her feet with a look of concern on her face at the comment and Sasha half rose as well but Deeta and Monique could see the woman from where they sat. Noticing that the passerby was laughing at her own comment, the rest of the study group began to giggle along as well, then proceeded to fall all over themselves joining her in laughter. Though I wanted to close my legs and cover up, I stoically kept myself positioned as I had been left, a voice in the back of my mind cooing, Good girl, without any of the rest of the ladies having to actually say it. I morosely wondered how long it would be until we were done eating and could leave.

The passerby gathered herself together after a moment with a, "Whew," sound and then continued a bit more earnestly. "Seriously though, you really ought to be a bit more cautious with the way you're hanging 'all out'. Best you keep your legs together if you don't want to get hauled in for indecency. I'm not your momma, though, so you feel free to do what you want."

Without asking, the woman turned around and pulled out her phone before taking a quick kissy face selfie next to my goodies and I just about lost it. My hands were gripping the plastic laminated menu so hard that, if I were stronger, I probably would have ripped it in half, and my butt cheeks were clenched so hard I was afraid they were going to snip the back of my wedgied undies like a pair of scissors. Then, the lady on the street walked away, giggling to herself while tapping on her phone, and I looked up to find the rest of the ladies at the table staring at me.

"Becca... Do you realize that the woman who was just here took a selfie with your private parts?" Sasha asked.

Did I realize... What a question. My mind's eye would show me almost nothing except for the view I imagined her phone camera would have captured of the lewd show I was putting on for the world at large. I knew I should want to hop over the railing and chase after her so I could beg her to delete the photo. After all, no sane woman should want a stranger to have a picture of her privates in their possession to do with what they would.

It wasn't like I really wanted the woman to have an upskirt of me... It was just that I was too much of a doormat to demand that she not have it. In my head, I argued back and forth a bit and, per usual, 'roll over and play dead' won out as the strategy du jour. The lady wanted the picture of me, the lady took the picture of me, and I sat there and accepted my lot in life. Nothing more to it, no further discussion necessary.

The knowledge that at least one stranger in the world had both seen my nearly naked privates AND had permanent evidence to prove the fact had me oozing down below. It's not like I could help myself with the reaction, right? I wondered if it were some sort of perverse coping mechanism that my mind and body had conspired (without my conscious input) to provide me with in order to reward me for being so... Cowardly? Weak? Spineless? I decided to call it 'selfless' for the sake of me not wanting to cry.

All I knew was that the strongest reaction I could come up with to the knowledge that a stranger on the street had taken a picture of my cooch was to begin subtly grinding my crotch on the wooden bench surface beneath me, and even that action wasn't really all that voluntary. Surely I was leaving streaky trails of my arousal juices on the seat, but I just couldn't seem to bring myself to stop... or care for that matter.

This internal dialogue about how I should react only lasted a few seconds and, with a decision having been made, I looked around at my friends again. Both Sasha and Nicky were still standing at the ready, seemingly poised and ready to go chase the lady with the vag shot down, and I realized that I needed to put their minds at ease. I don't know how much of what I ended up telling them was the truth versus how much I made up on the spot for the sake of conflict avoidance, but I picked a position and ran with it.

Summoning as much confidence as I could to stop my voice from wavering, I told them, "It's fine. I don't mind. I'm the one with my legs spread; it's not like I can blame anybody for wanting to look or take a picture or whatever. My face was blocked by the menu anyway."

Looking appropriately skeptical, Sasha asked for clarification. "That's a bit of a departure from what you told me on the walk here, Becca. I seem to recall you using the phrase 'really really embarrassing' in relation to the possibility of other people seeing images of you as 'on display' as you have been during the course of today's journey of self discovery that we're helping you out with. Should we take your new acceptance of such exposure as an indication that you enjoy that level of embarrassment, and even might want to explore it in greater detail?"

Feeling trapped, I squirmed in my seat, grinding my clammy sex on the rough wooden bench while I felt like I was nailing my own coffin shut with my words.

"Mm, yeah, I guess so," I ceded.

This response caused Sasha to sit back into her seat looking upwards in thought. Monique's reaction was entirely different, however. Looking like Christmas had just come several months early, Monique picked up her phone again and pulled up her photo gallery, leaning over until we were shoulder to shoulder.

"Awesome attitude, Bex. Throw it all out there and see what sticks like ready spaghetti. So, what should we post first and where?"

Staring powerlessly back at her as she stared with such glee at me, I wondered what response I could possibly offer her with my foot stuck so far into my own mouth.

"Um... I... Uh...," I stuttered, trying to think of a way to obey that didn't end up with my semi-nudes posted publicly on the internet.

"I need to use the bathroom," announced Nicky, abruptly standing up from the table before looking my way. "Becca, you should come with me."

Deeta also started to rise, adding, "Yeah, me too. I'll go w-," but she didn't finish her sentence before Nicky put a firm hand on her shoulder and shoved her back down into her seat.

"You can go next, Deeta. Becca is coming with me this time."

Looking from the hand clamped on her shoulder to Nicky's face, which was laser focused on me, Deeta gave a confused shrug and muttered, "Oooookay."

Because of Monique's position next to me, I had to squeeze up against the railing to get out of my seat, but I rose and followed Nicky towards the inside of the restaurant. Looking back, I saw Monique watching us walk away as she whispered animatedly with Deeta across the table.

Nothing was said as Nicky and I marched towards the neon Restrooms sign in the back of the bar. There were four individual stalls and, eschewing the traditional Men/Women signs, the bar had instead gone a more inclusive route and had painted each door with its own comical full-door pair of unique figures. The stall Nicky pulled me into had a deer on its hind legs with a mustache and tutu next to a robot with a monocle and high-heeled shoes. A small sign at eye level read:

For Everybody,

Just Wash Your

Hooves/Hands/Claws

When You're Done

Whatever mirth that the restaurant had intended the paintings to inspire was lost on me as Nicky closed and locked the door behind us. For a few tense, silent seconds, she regarded me with a contemplative expression on her face. It looked as if she was psyching herself up.

"Becca... Hun... I have a theory."

There wasn't much floor in the tiny stall, but Nicky began to pace the width of it, only getting a few steps before she had to turn around.

"I think that... How can I put this delicately? Heck with it. I think that the hornier you get... the stupider you get. No offense!"

"Uhhh..."

She seized on my hesitation. "See, right there! Being humiliated gets your engine going and then you'll pretty much do anything to keep on driving. Am I right? I mean, you were about to start uploading nudie pics of you to who knows where on the net. That's not reasonable, is it? Your thinking has gotta be impaired."

That couldn't possibly be true... Could it? Sure, I had given away most of my clothing, and, sure, I was running around in public without a top on, and, sure, I had just flashed a crowd full of people and...

Oh my God. Nicky was right. None of that was reasonable! Somehow, horniness had transformed me into some sort of a brainless... slut! If someone had told me twenty four, or even just four hours ago that I would be mostly naked at a restaurant flashing my labia at the phone cameras of strangers, I would have laughed in their face. Or, rather, I probably would have run away in fear; laughing in their face would probably require eye contact and I wasn't very good at that.

But now, half of my thoughts over the last several hours had been how shameful my behavior had been, and the other half had been how turned on I was by what I was doing and how much I couldn't wait to go diddle myself back in my dorm room. Uhn... I almost couldn't wait.

Snapping fingers in front of my face brought me abruptly out of my shameful contemplation.

"See, this is what I'm talking about. You just tuned out for like ten seconds. Were you thinking about horny stuff?"

Almost nothing but, I admitted to myself. "...maybe?," I admitted to Nicky.

"Uh huh, 'maybe' like 'maybe' Jason Momoa is hot, or 'maybe' the Pope is Catholic, or 'maybe' Professor Shamal gives us too much homework, or 'maybe' -"

"Okay, okay, I get it. Yes, I was thinking about...," I looked down at my hands and took a deep breath. Nicky was my oldest friend, and if I couldn't talk to her about this, then who could I talk to? Using the little nerve I had, I jumped off the cliff and admitted my thoughts. "I was thinking about how much being exposed this evening has turned me on and whether the fact that I really want to go touch myself every time I think about it makes me some kind of... some kind of... Slut," I said, applying the label to myself with the emphasis of all the shame I had felt over the entire evening.

Her fierce hug caught me by surprise. "Oh, Becca...," she whispered as she squeezed me. After a second, I hugged her back. It was probably half a minute before we separated.

"First of all: 'slut' is a label that other assholes might try to stick on you for a ton of different reasons to make you feel like crap, and all of those reasons are bullshit. You'll get called a slut just because you're a woman, and you'll get called a slut if you sleep with anyone, but you'll also get called a slut if you don't put out. You can ignore it, or you can embrace it, but never let that weapon of a word have power over you. If you think it's hot to think of yourself that way, then, by all means, proceed. BUT, if you want to beat yourself up with it on the world's behalf, then FUCK THAT. As women, there are billions of people in this world that would love nothing more than to keep us under their boot heels until the day that we die. Don't. Help. Them. Got it?"

In awe of Nicky's sudden impassioned speech, I just gulped and nodded, feeling half ready to cry for a variety of reasons.

"Good. Number two: I told you I wouldn't try to hold you back with whatever game you're playing with the group, but that doesn't mean I'm going to encourage you to set yourself on fire to get attention, either. I brought you in here and told you my theory for a reason; I think you've been winding yourself up tighter and tighter with all the flashing and teasing you've been doing today. It's fresh, it's new, and you're probably desperate for release right now and willing to do just about anything to get it. Am I right?"

"Oh GOD yes!," I blurted. It wasn't intentional, and I had no idea I was going to say it until the words were already out, and by then there was no putting them back. After, I just looked at my hands sheepishly

"Thought so. Well, you have privacy now. I suggest you use it to relieve yourself and turn back on that brain of yours."

Skewed as my mind was at the time, it took me a couple of heartbeats to understand her meaning. The idea of masturbating in a restaurant bathroom both terrified and thrilled me, and the unexpected excitement I felt at the proposition scared me even more, but the tiny flame of hope for release that sparked to light within me was soon snuffed out after a quick look around at my surroundings.

Though my body yearned for it, the grimy toilet seat stained with flecks of strange pee, the tiny overflowing wastebasket filled with used paper towels and snotty kleenexes, and the blackened grout between the off-white floor tiles did not constitute the building blocks of an environment in which my mind could let itself go easily, and so I froze up.

My actions up until now had been a little slutty, sure, I thought to myself, but getting myself off in this kind of a place would be a step too far... Wouldn't it?

"Um... I, uh, don't think-" I cleared my throat. "I think I'm good for now," I sputtered lamely.

Nicky's gaze went to all the places that mine had just been, as if mentally reviewing the thought process that brought me to my refusal, and then she sighed, as if in resignation before pursing her lips and nodding to herself as if answering some unknown question that I wasn't privy to. Then, she reached out and gently grabbed my arm, leading me to stand by the sink facing the mirror there whose edges had been carved with the initials of a dozen drunken patrons past.

"Look at yourself, Becca," she said, positioning herself right behind me. "You can see the desperation on your face. Look at your eyes."

Of course I could see it. So could Nicky. Hell, half the world probably could. I could also feel Nicky's breasts pushing against my back, and her warm breath in my ear and on my neck... These things weren't easing my need at all.

Nicky was whispering to me now, looking in my eyes in the mirror. "You need help, B. Let me help you. Can I help you?" Her right hand had wrapped around me to rest on the bare patch of skin left by the shawl, just below my belly button. I wanted to scream for her to stop. I wanted to beg for her to continue. More than anything, I wanted to explode!

As Nicky's hand creeped lower, I froze again. I had to stop her, right? But then a little voice in the back of my brain whispered to me, All you need to do is nothing, and Nicky will take care of the rest. Just do what you usually do and give in. Just give in.

I gave her the slightest of nods in the mirror, just barely a head tilt and back, but it was enough. The tenseness dropped from her face and her hand hastened on its journey.

There was no talking now, just motion. My breath caught in my throat, my eyes held on to her gaze for dear life, as if she was the only thing anchoring me to the planet. When her fingers made their way past the hem of the skirt and immediately hit flesh again, I realized that the whole front was still tucked up into the waistband. The realization that I had walked through the restaurant to the bathrooms with my damp, wedgied underwear on full display should have hit me like a gut punch, but I had no mental bandwidth to process it now as Nicky's finger tips pushed inside the elastic band of my panties and pulled their material out of my crotch. I had to clench my teeth to keep from calling out.

Finding my sloppy labia, Nicky's fingers ran up and down their length several times and I couldn't stop a moan from escaping directly from my throat out into the world. When her middle finger parted my lips and thrust slowly into my waiting hole, I completely lost it. Ten seconds of stimulation and I drenched her hand, my unicorn panties, my legs, and the floor beneath us in slippery liquid. The shaking of my entire body did not halt her determined finger from maintaining a manic rhythm pumping in and out of me and my sustained orgasm seemed to last a thousand times longer than the embarrassingly brief period of stimulation required to achieve it.

For a number of blissful seconds, it felt like every muscle in my body had spasmed all at once, before it finally ended and I went entirely limp in an instant. My friend tried her best to hold me up, but my limp and heavy form slid through her arms to land me on my knees on the dirty bathroom floor, gasping and wheezing for breath.

Now standing over me, Nicky was examining her soaked hand and the puddle on the floor under me with an odd mixture of marvel and disgust.

"Holy hell... What a mess! You really were on a hair trigger, B!"

How was I supposed to respond to that? I had no idea, so I just sat there, leaking. Above me, the sink turned on and Nicky spent several deliberate minutes soaping and scrubbing her hand, thoroughly cleaning herself off before pulling several paper towels from the dispenser. I just stared blankly up at her, feeling like I had just been run over by a semi truck full of dopamine.

After finishing drying herself off, Nicky looked down at me for a moment looking slightly guilty. "This... this was okay, right? We're good?"

"Yeah, we're good," I croaked for her sake, not having anywhere near the clarity of focus to make such a complicated determination. My reassurance seemed to take a major weight off her shoulders, however, and she breathed a literal sigh of relief when I gave it. Then, Nicky being Nicky, she went back into practical mode.

"This was a one time thing, okay? You're like a sister to me and I would never..." She trailed off and then had to pause again and take a deep breath. "We're going to treat what just happened like it was a medical emergency and we're never gonna talk about it again, capisce? In the future, I highly advise you to find opportunities to take care of yourself occasionally to keep your pressure low so you don't get stupid horny."

She had to grab my head and tilt it to the side to get me to look at her.

"I'm going to go back to the table now. Are you good to clean yourself up?"

I nodded dumbly up at her and she straightened her back and flicked a strand of hair out of her face.

"Okay, good. Pull yourself together and I'll see you back there in a few?"

Holding her hand out, she waited for me to grab it and then helped me get to my feet before once again catching my gaze.

"Remember. This never happened. What never happened? Nothing, that's what."

Then she was out the door and I was alone. Looking back at the mirror, the face I saw there looked somehow... changed from the one I had seen just a couple of moments before.

The girl in the mirror was glowing.

Soon after, however, reality began to set in and I began to think through what had just happened. My best friend, a woman I had known since I was tiny, a person for whom I had never had a single sexual thought in my entire life, had just fingered me off in the ladies restroom of a local bar. Inexplicably, I had even, in the heat of the moment, encouraged her to do it.

At no point in Nicky and my entire relationship together had there ever been any indication that she was attracted to me, or into women at all for that matter, and I'm pretty sure that was still the case. Nicky was a pragmatic person, and giving me an orgasm had likely been as sexual of an act in this case as helping me change a tire or unclog a sink. She saw a friend in need and buckled down, rolled up her proverbial sleeves, did the dirty work, and then moved on with her life. Whether we ever spoke of the matter in the future, I had no idea whether I would ever be able to look her in the eyes again without remembering the last five minutes and I shuddered at the thought.

Once I felt that my legs would hold me again, I stopped leaning on the sink and took inventory of myself. My panties were no longer just damp; now they were completely soaked to the point of transparency. Both of my legs had streaks, smears, and splatters of my greasy arousal juices sprayed down them and the floor beneath me looked like someone had spilled a glass of water on it. Cringing at the unsanitariness, I realized that it was even under my filthy feet and between my toes. My post orgasmic bliss was fading rapidly and the inevitable mental recriminations started closing in hot and fast, blame and humiliation pouring over me regarding the circumstances of my illicit orgasm.

"Oh my god, you're such a dumb slut", I chastised myself and felt my pelvis clench at the thought. Grabbing a handful of paper towels, I started wiping up the slime wherever I found it, mentally kicking myself at the necessity of the task As I worked, however, I remembered what Nicky had said: Slut wasn't a bad word, and sluts weren't bad people. This was a novel concept to me and everything in my conservative upbringing railed against the idea, telling me that I should hate the way I was acting. But... If I was supposed to hate all of my recent behavior, then why in the hell did I feel So Damn Good?

Taking Nicky's advice at face value, I decided that I probably shouldn't beat myself up over the idea that I might be acting in ways that I- no, scratch that -acting in ways that my parents wouldn't consider acceptable. Standing there, holding a sticky mess of soaked and dirty paper towels that were drenched in my squirt, coming down from my orgasmic high, I found myself wondering how I would go about internalizing that particular level of acceptance. Shoving the bundle down in the overflowing wastebasket, I buried the shameful evidence beneath a handful of other, more traditionally wetted paper products and then stood to wash my hands. While I did so, I examined myself in the mirror.

My face was flushed, my nipples were doing their best to poke through the thin shawl around my shoulders, and the small restroom stall STANK of my feminine arousal. Orgasming had taken the edge off of my now constant horniness for a brief period, but guilt and embarrassment over the orgasm had sharpened it again.

There were so many things about the situation that conflicted with how I thought my life should be right now, and it tore me up inside to admit to myself that I kind of liked... no... loved the way it made me feel. Shaking the remnants of the water off of my hands, I leaned on the sink and gave my reflection a hard stare and remembered Nicky's words: "If you think it's hot to think of yourself that way, then, by all means, proceed."

"You're a slut," I whispered to myself experimentally, feeling a surge of shame and arousal to say it out loud. A renewed throbbing in my sex drove me onward.

"You are a dumb slut," I repeated, more deliberately. "A dirty slut," I added. "You just seduced your straight friend and made her finger you in the bathroom. You're disgusting."

My hips moved themselves forward almost of their own accord and, with the front of my skirt pulled up, my crotch found the edge of the sink. Burning with renewed need, I subconsciously began to hump the smooth porcelain.

"You just want attention, don't you, slut? You took off and gave away all your clothes on purpose, didn't you? You must have wanted this. I must have wanted this."

The exposed skin of my chest and neck were reddened, and I wasn't sure whether it was due to the humiliation caused by my self-taunting, or caused by the new wave of arousal that was coming over me.

"I should be ashamed. I should want to be good. I shouldn't be able to wait for the night to end to get back to normal... And part of me does, but the rest of me knows the truth," I told myself, unsure of whether what I was saying had any grain of factualness to it. All I knew was that it was what I needed to hear at that moment. "I am a dumb slut. I have to be. There is no other explanation."

Grinding harder on the edge of the sink, I started whimpering between words. "That's right. I'm not worthy of respect. I'm not worthy of redemption. I'm a dumb *hahn* filthy *hahn* SLUT!"

And, just like that, I was cumming again. There was no squirting this time, just the sweet release of orgasm shadowed by a looming feeling of dread that something was broken inside of me. I hated what I was doing, but I loved doing it. I hated that I loved it, but that just made me love it even more.

Peeling myself off the sink, I studiously avoided my own eyes in the mirror, now fearful of the stern look of judgment that I would surely find there. Instead, I got busy straightening myself out: running my hands through my hair to get the lingering grass out, washing my face and hands, brushing the dirt and grass off my limited clothing, patting my panties and crotch with a dozen paper towels until they stopped coming away spotted with moisture, and then thoroughly washing and drying every surface that I had dirtied with my presence.

Eventually, once I couldn't come up with any other tasks that I could use as excuses to delay my ultimate exiting of my private sanctuary, I made a final set of adjustments to myself before I could think of one of the million reasons not to. Heart beating fast, I pulled the shawl wider to the sides of my chest, barely sparing an inch where it covered my nipples and providing a shameless amount of cleavage. After that, I pulled my panties taught against my slit with one hand and used the thumb and forefinger of the other to spread my lips wide around the gathered fabric.

With the front of my skirt still flipped up and tucked, I'm sure I was giving the world one hell of a show, but I kept my eyes straight ahead to avoid my brain having to visually acknowledge that fact. Given a thousand years, I'm not sure I could explain why I did these things; my animal brain just told me that this was how I was supposed to be.

Now physically prepared to face the world, I hoped I could find a mental equivalency of that preparedness somewhere and forced myself to open the door of the bathroom, striding out with as much counterfeit confidence as I could summon. After all, it was either that or lock myself in the tiny room so I could sit on the toilet and cry for the rest of the night.

I still couldn't tell you if I made the right choice.
