WITCH WASHING 

BY ANAL AL

New England, the Year of Our Lord 1690

" And by the trials of holy water shall ye be cleansed of
conspiring with the known witch Beatrice. For not admitting to
knowing of the witch Beatrice ye shall receive 20 lashes in the
stocks. Know ye young Molly that ye shall be watched carefully to
see if thee has the devil within thee then." The scribe read
aloud the fate to befall young Molly.

Many have been tried, convicted and punished. The witch Beatrice
herself had already been burned at the stake after admitting to
participating in worshipping the devil.

******

Later that day

Molly was strapped down to the table, devoid of any clothing and
watched by three of the towns elders. The mother Maguire came to
her with the cow bladder bag which was frothing over with the
soapy hot water that had been blessed by the father Damien.
Molly's legs were in leather manacles and held up by means of two
ropes from the ceiling. Her arms were tied to the table above her
head and a rope was about her neck and chest. She had quit crying
and protesting and awaited her fate.

Maguire made quick work of hanging the bag high and running the
sewn in sheep intestine which was attached firmly by way of tar
to the large stone nozzle. The nozzle was indeed some inch and a
half across at its widest point and nearly six inches long. Molly
had already had her neither hole greased with bear fat laced with
ground ginger root. It burned badly but not as badly as she would
feel when the water started.

The nozzle was brought up to Molly's backside and she began to
scream as the nozzle widened her narrow orifice. She screamed as
loud as she could and thrashed her head from side to side as the
nozzle went in. Finally it was in place and strapped on with
leather. Molly continued to scream as the nozzle did not narrow
down but only grew wider as it went. Finally beginning to
accommodate the width of it she began to settle someone and could
only sob pitifully.

"And now the holy water if you please." One of the elders said.

Molly began to scream as the hot, soapy water entered her,
burning all the way. As the cow bladder flattened Molly's young
fifteen year old stomach swelled. After nearly fifteen minutes
the bladder was empty and mother Maguire tied off the intestine
tube. Molly suffered miserably as the nearly three quarts of hot,
soapy water burned and churned inside of her.

"Please, please let it out. I did not help Beatrice." Molly
begged. Indeed she didn't really know the woman they called
Beatrice the witch. She had only stopped to ask Beatrice for
directions to the Elder Brown's home since he had recently built
a new house outside of town. Unknowingly the witch was being
watched.

"Silence child. You must be purged of the evil within you that
the witch has placed. You partook of the fruit she offered you.
It is the only way to cast out the evil spell she placed upon the
fruit."

Molly suffered more. She wriggled to and fro attempting to
relieve the incredible pressure in her gut. The weak lye and
lemon juice soap burned terribly. The ginger grease was now the
least of her problems.

The three elders watched as the naked young girl suffered. Each
of them had his hands in his pockets and was secretly stroking
himself. After the prescribed waiting period mother Maguire
removed the large nozzle slowly and carefully. "Now you must hold
the holy water within you young Molly lest the devil be allowed
back in."

Molly clenched her asscheeks tightly together and tried to bring
her knees together to help. It was impossible with the ropes
holding her manacled ankles in the air. She was moaning and
sobbing pitifully now. "Please, please it hurts!"

"Now you know what happens when you conspire with Satan." One of
the elders said.

Mother Maguire then lowered Molly's ankles and tied them tightly
together. She then retied the young girls hands together. Two of
the elders lifted the girl up and carried her to the stocks that
had been set up in the barn. Molly's head was placed into the
three piece stock and the board brought in place. Next her hands
were untied and placed in the other two positions. She was bent
over by the lowness of the stocks and her fine, shapely ass was
raised up by a post that was affixed horizontally for that
purpose. Her ankles were then tied to a ring in the floor of the
stocks.

One of the elders approached her with the whip. It was a whip
normally used for whipping cattle and served double duty at
whipping witches. Not that Molly was accused of being a witch but
she was being punished for talking to one. Such was pre-colonial
America.

As the first fall of the whip snapped Molly tensed up every
muscle in her young body to try and alleviate the pain. A long
howl escaped her throat that seemed to go on and on through the
second fall of the whip. She tensed her muscles tightly, knowing
that to let any of the hot, burning soapy water out would result
in much worse punishment. Such a fate had befallen young Sarah
Williams two days ago.

As the twentieth and last fall of the whip came to silence young
Molly was crying so loudly that one of the elders had his hands
over her ears. All three elders inspected her bloody rump to see
what the whip had done. They were also inspecting to make sure
she still held her water. Indeed a few drops had dribbled out
along with a good amount of blood from her torn asshole. The
tearing occurring from the poorly polished nozzle which had been
used on her and the fact that instead of relaxing to allow it in
she had tensed up as mother Maguire pushed in into place.

"There is some water here." One of the elders commented.

"Aye, there is. Might have been from the stone leaking though. I
didn't remember to wipe her clean first. Please forgive my error
sir." Mother Maguire said, failing to mention that she had forgot
on purpose. She knew full well that no one could hold the enema
without some leakage. Thankfully the blood mixed with the water
and it wasn't apparent just how much had leaked.

"She is clean." Another elder said and then hurried out of the
barn. He went directly to his favorite hiding place and brought
forth his seed in as fast of a manner as possible. Seeing the
witches punished did this to him and he too would be punished if
anyone found out.

Molly was taken down and taken out to the designated area to
release her water, still naked. When she returned to the barn
everyone was gone. She retrieved her dress and put it on, still
sobbing at the pain on and in her ass. Indeed she smarted when
she sat for some week and didn't get back to a normal soiling for
nearly as long.

******

Two days prior to the cleansing of Molly

Sarah was strapped down to the table, devoid of any clothing and
watched by three of the towns elders. The mother Maguire came to
her with the cow bladder bag which was frothing over with the
soapy hot water that had been blessed by the father Damien.
Sarah's legs were in leather manacles and held up by means of two
ropes from the ceiling.

Maguire thrust the large stone nozzle into Sarah's tender neither
hole. The nozzle was indeed some inch and a half across at its
widest point and nearly six inches long. Sarah's hole burned from
the ginger grease that Maguire had put on her earlier.

Once in place Sarah screamed as the string was loosened on the
cow intestine tube holding back the torrents of water. The water
was very hot and mixed with lemon juice and weak lye soap. It
would provide a good cleaning out for the young girl. Sarah
screamed as the nozzle did not narrow down but only grew wider as
it went.

"And now the holy water if you please." One of the elders said.

Sarah began to scream as the hot, soapy water entered her,
burning all the way. As the cow bladder flattened Sarah's young
sixteen year old stomach swelled. After nearly fifteen minutes
the bladder was empty and mother Maguire tied off the intestine
tube. Sarah whimpered as the hot, soapy water burned inside of
her. It was as bad as the first bag full.

"Please, please let it out." Sarah begged. "I promise I won't try
to get Molly in trouble again. Please."

Although she didn't know Beatrice that well she knew full well
that everyone in town thought Beatrice was a witch. She had
suggested that Molly stop and ask for directions and didn't
bother to tell Molly about Beatrice. Sarah knew exactly where
Elder Brown's home was but wasn't about to tell Molly as she
figured correctly that Molly wouldn't see it past the hill and
would assume she was lost. Sarah didn't really hate Molly but did
resent that fact that Molly had Charles's eye at the last picnic.

"Silence child. You must be purged of the evil within you that
the witch has placed. Although you may think that directing Molly
to Beatrice's home was a prank it was indeed part of the spell
that Beatrice had cast upon you. You must be purged of that
spell, and now!"

Sarah suffered more. The weak lye and lemon juice soap burned
terribly. The ginger grease was now the least of her problems.
And this was the second time in the hour.

Sarah clenched her ass tightly together and tried to bring her
knees together to help. She was moaning and sobbing pitifully
now. "It hurts!"

"Satan is within you, you must let him go!" One of the elders
said.

Mother Maguire then lowered Sarah's ankles and tied them tightly
together. She then retied the young girls hands together. Two of
the elders lifted the girl up and carried her to the stocks that
had been set up in the barn.

One of the elders approached her with the whip. Sarah wasn't
accused of being a witch but she was being punished for talking
to one.

******

As the first fall of the whip snapped Sarah's head slammed back
against the stock and she let out a room filling scream. She
tensed her muscles tightly, knowing that to let any of the hot,
burning soapy water out would result in much worse punishment.

As the twentieth and last fall of the whip came to silence young
Sarah was crying unstoppably. All three elders inspected her
bloody rump to see what the whip had done. They were also
inspecting to make sure she still held her water. Indeed a few
drops had dribbled out along with a good amount of blood from her
torn asshole.

"There is some water here." One of the elders commented.

"Aye, there is. We'll have to do it all over again."

"Mrs. Maguire, if you will prepare the bag again." Elder Jenkins
said as he began to undo the stocks holding Sarah.

"Please, please I am clean. I have no evil in me, please have
mercy on me." Sarah pleaded.

Once on the table the bag was quickly emptied into Sarah. This
time however Elder Jenkins had added some red pepper to the
mixture. Sarah's colon was spasming greatly causing very painful
cramps. When the nozzle was removed a wooden plug was inserted
into her rump and held in place with the same leather straps that
had held the plug. She had no way to release the burning mixture.
Crying the whole time the elders carried her back to the stocks
and proceeded to give her 20 more lashes with the whip on her
buttocks and upper thighs.

"We'll let her cool for a while." Elder Jenkins said as the
elders all walked out. Mrs. Maguire also left. Sarah hung
miserably in the stocks, naked her asshole smarting with the
large wooden plug held in place by the leather belt around her
waist. A total of now 60 stripes crossed her buttocks and thighs.
The there quarts of hot soapy water burning terribly in her.
A half an hour later Elder Jenkins entered through the far door
so that Sarah could only hear him and not see him. He tried to
disguise his voice. "Speak of this to no one!" he said as he
undid his raging erection from his pants and took poor Sarah from
behind, vaginally. She could only whimper as she was raped, still
in the stocks with three quarts of water burning inside of her.

An hour after Elder Jenkins had raped her all three of the Elders
returned and took her out of the stocks. The plug was removed and
she spewed the burning soap and pepper water out onto the barn
floor as the three men watched the naked sixteen year old girl in
the utmost embarrassment.

"Sarah ye had better behave from now on and stay away from evil
ones and make sure that ye honor the lord on the Sabbath." One of
the other elders said.

"Yes sir, your worship." She said as she dressed quickly while
they watched.

******

Revenge: Two weeks after the cleansing of Molly

Sarah waited with Elizabeth quietly as they watched Molly walking
down the path to the river. Elizabeth had overheard Molly's
mother telling one of the other mothers at a quilting party the
day before that Molly was going to pick up the wild berries
tomorrow. When she told Sarah a plan was quickly devised to get
even with Molly for the punishment that Sarah had received for
the Beatrice affair.

Sarah held some rope and Elizabeth had a large rag that would
serve as a gag. They were far enough from town that even if Molly
screamed loudly no one would hear. However the plan was to take
Molly somewhere quiet, several miles away. Sarah & Elizabeth had
stashed the horses a few hundred yards back. Elizabeth was
seventeen and a large and strapping girl. Sarah had told
Elizabeth every detail about her punishment and even the rape by
the town elder.

Molly got off of the path and the two older girls jumped her. The
three went down in the high grass where Sarah and Elizabeth
subdued her. Sarah tied the now helpless Molly up with the rope
and Elizabeth pushed the knot of the cloth into Molly's screaming
mouth. Elizabeth tied the rag in a tight knot behind Molly's
head. Molly struggled for a few moments before she realized she
was bound and would not be getting away.

Sarah & Elizabeth put Molly over a horse and tied her to it. They
then led the horse several miles through the woods to Beatrice's
cabin. Since Beatrice had been burned at the stake for witchcraft
no one went near her house. No one except Sarah. Sarah figured it
would be the perfect place to hold Molly. And if by some strange
chance anyone happened by and heard Molly screaming they wouldn't
stop to investigate alone. They would bring others and there
Molly would be, in Beatrice's house. So long as Sarah didn't get
caught it would be the perfect plan. She had in mind paying Molly
back for getting her involved in what had resulted in some
serious punishment and a secretive raping.

Sarah suspected that it was Elder Jenkins who had raped her and
what better way to get back at him than punishing his niece 
Molly.

After dragging the squirming Molly into the house Sarah &
Elizabeth set about removing her clothes with a knife. Then they
tied her to the large, heavy wooden kitchen table. They tied her
face up.

"So what do you want to do with her?" Elizabeth asked.

"Time to atone for what was done to me. First we will make her
miserable." Sarah went out back with a small crock and came back
a few minutes later. She inverted the crock over Molly's left
breast. Almost immediately Molly's eyes went wide and she started
to wince in pain. Sarah just continued to hold the crock upside
down over the breast. When the wincing slowed Sarah would jiggled
the crock some.

Elizabeth was wondering what was in there and saw an ant crawl
out from under the crock edge. Then she knew that Molly was
suffering from many, many ant bites on her tender breast. Sarah
grabbed a large flat wooden spoon and removed the crock. She then
brutally slapped at the reddening breast and killed the remaining
ants. After another trip outside the right breast received the
same treatment. Molly was moaning into the gag from the pain. Her
left breast had swollen up to nearly double in size. Still not
large as she wasn't a large breasted girl to begin with.

After removing the crock and killing the remaining ants with the
spoon slapping technique Sarah just watched as Molly continued to
squirm, trying to get away from the growing pain in her breasts.

Sarah then got some rope from the barn and jumped up on the
table, straddling the still squirming Molly. She threw a length
over a rafter just over one of the victims' legs and then another
over a rafter a few feet away. The ropes were long enough that
both ends reached the floor. Sarah then tied one securely to
Molly's left leg while Elizabeth tied the right one. Then Sarah
untied Molly's leg from the table and proceeded to hoist the
hapless girl's leg up in the air. She slacked off some when
Molly's butt was just a couple of inches off of the table.
Elizabeth did the same with the other leg. Both of the tormentors
tied off their ropes to the table legs. Poor Molly's legs were
spread apart at a 45 degree angle and she was left very exposed.

Sarah rummaged around the old witch's' house for a few minutes
and finally produced the dreaded razor strop. She then gave Molly
a thorough strapping on the buttocks and upper back thighs. Molly
could only scream into the gag, unable to stop her tormentors.
Eventually Sarah tired of this and went looking for something
else. Elizabeth sat and watched Molly suffering, the pain of the
ant bites on her breasts and fire in her ass keeping her moaning
almost continuously.

Sarah began rummaging around in the kitchen. She took various
things out of the cupboards. "Lets see if she likes this." Sarah
returned with a small 6 pint keg of whiskey. "Take her down
carefully. We need to take her outside in the barn where we won't
make a mess."

Elizabeth took Molly down carefully making sure the captive
remained that way. Poor Molly was still crying from the welts on
her ass. Then out to the barn and Molly was tied down over a
small wagon, face down. Sarah then put some bacon lard on the end
of the nozzle of the keg. "Only about half in here." She inserted
the nozzle end of the keg into Molly's asshole, the captive
letting out a screech as her anus stretched to accommodate the
inch wide nozzle. Sarah opened the valve and Molly started
squirming and screeching as the alcohol hit her colon.

"I would not think it would hurt that badly." Elizabeth
commented.

"Me either." Sarah answered. She heard the jug suck empty and
closed the valve. "Give me that hoe over there." Elizabeth handed
Sarah the hoe and Sarah smeared some of the grease onto the end
of the handle of the hoe. She then pulled the keg out of Molly's
asshole and Molly began to spew alcohol laden turds. Sarah
quickly plunged the greased hoe handle into the teenagers'
asshole. Molly let out a yelp realizing she was plugged and the
caustic liquid wasn't going to be leaving anytime soon. She
remembered all too well the clean out from several weeks ago.
Sarah wedged the hoe in the dirt so Molly couldn't squeeze it
out. Then Sarah & Elizabeth went back into the house.

Molly was so busy squirming and screeching she didn't realize
that the hoe was stuck in the dirt and that she was all alone.
Minute by minute the alcohol did its work and Molly became drunk.
Inside the house Sarah took a hammer and beat the bung out of the
keg by tapping it sideways.

"So now what are you going to do?" Elizabeth asked.

"Well since the cider seems to have some effect on her maybe we
need to try a bit of vinegar." Sarah said as she filled the small
cider keg with some vinegar from a flask.

"That's going to hurt!" Elizabeth said.

"Good."

"Really Sarah, my mum once put some of that on my front hole
after I had been swimming in the still lake and had a leech on
me. She wanted to make sure I didn't have any inside so she held
me open and poured some in. Burned for an hour it did."

"Great idea! Lets let her drain." Sarah said and set down the
vinegar and went to the barn. Poor Molly was still strapped to
the wagon moaning and Sarah just kicked the hoe out of the
ground. It jostled Molly who let out a scream and it came out of
her asshole rather quickly. Then a torrent of whiskey laden water
came pouring out of the poor girl.

Sarah just nodded then went back to the house. Elizabeth hadn't
followed and was sitting at the table looking outside. "What if
we get caught?"

"She won't tell. Besides which if we do then I tell about her
uncle raping me and he gets the big red letter since he has a
wife. She wouldn't do that to her family."

"Still though, what if she does?"

"Quit worrying." Sarah said and rummaged around some more.
Finally satisfied she took the cask and the vinegar out to the
barn. She topped the cask off with some water and pushed the bung
in as tight as she could with her hand. Elizabeth followed her
this time. Once back in the barn Molly was just laying on the
wagon. "Hold her apart for me."

Elizabeth reached down and pried Molly's cheeks apart. She kept
trying to resist but eventually tired and then Sarah pushed the
nozzle of the spout of the keg into the girls sore ass. Then
opening the valve she was rewarded with a scream that overcame
the gag. Elizabeth meanwhile picked up the hoe and was ready when
Sarah shut off the flow of burning vinegar and water. She quickly
wedged it into Molly's asshole and stuck it in the ground.

Then Sarah took a rag and rolled it up tight and tied it with
some twine. She then soaked the rag down with the vinegar and
reached over to Molly and spread Molly's tender labia apart and
inserted the rag. The result was instant, Molly tensed up her
body and screamed more and kept rocking back and forth trying to
squeeze the vinegar soaked rag out of her pussy which was on
fire.

"Wow, it does burn." Sarah said.

"Told you."

Sarah then took a drop of the vinegar on her finger and reached
up under her dress and put it into her own wet pussy.
"ooooowwwwwwieeee!" She danced around a bit. Then she took pity
on poor Molly and pulled the rag out. The pain was still there
however as the vinegar had already soaked into Molly and kept on
burning. The dragging of the twine on her tender vagina further
scraped and caused more pain.

Then Molly got real quiet. Sarah looked at Elizabeth and
Elizabeth looked at Sarah. "Why is she so quiet?"

Sarah then removed the hoe handle from poor Molly's ass and some
water and vinegar squirted out on the ground. The barn was
reeking of vinegar now. Molly however wasn't moving. She had
passed out from the effects of the alcohol and the painful enema
and finally the pain in her front hole. Sarah reached over and
wiggled Molly's head and the girl was out. She then felt for
Molly's breath and breathed a sigh of relief that she hadn't
killed the girl.

"We better stop now Sarah."

"Yes, she has had enough." Sarah said and just looked at the
unconscious form of Molly strapped naked to the wagon. She then
sat down on a stool.

After about half an hour Molly began to stir. She moaned and
Sarah took the rag gag out of the girl's mouth. "Molly?"

Molly only groaned. Then she tensed up her body and a long squirt
of water issued forth from her asshole. Sarah sat down and waited
for a few more minutes.

"Where am I?" Molly finally asked and turned her head towards
Sarah.

"Molly you were a bad, bad girl to tell the elders that I put you
up to coming here. You had to be punished for that. Now you are
going to be a good girl and go home and tell everyone that you
fell asleep in the woods and didn't get any berries. Do you hear
me Molly?"

Molly just stared at Sarah. She was furious with the girl for
what they had done to her. However she was still tied down. Maybe
if she agreed to what they wanted they would let her go she was
thinking. "Ok Sarah, I promise I won't tell anyone. Please let me
go."

"You sure you promise me?" Sarah asked then walked back to the
house and returned shortly with a bible. She put the bible under
Molly's hand and made her swear before God that she wouldn't tell
anyone that Sarah had punished her.





