Erica’s Tiny Bikini Bet
By Jappio

Part 1

Erica sighed when she finally donned her fated outfit. May stood beside her, snickering into the mirror. Erica now regretted agreeing to this before even knowing the exact details.

The two girls recently made a bet. Erica had been very shy her whole life and May took it upon herself to help her friend out in that matter. Her help took the form of challenges and bets, and Erica was now stuck in another. This was surely going to push her boundaries though!

Erica had on the smallest bikini she'd ever seen in real life. The bright pink triangles atop her breasts were small. She could make out plenty of smooth and round flesh peeking out of the sides. Although her nipples were secure, she'd have to worry about them staying that way. Even the white strings holding it together weren't the most firm, threatening to slip and undo.

The bottoms weren't much better. She understood why May insisted that she shave a bit more liberally that morning. The white trim of the bikini bottoms road low enough to show her pelvis. The white strings across her hips had a flimsy knot on each side as well. Erica had to run a hand across her backside to get a good feel for how the fabric covered her bottom. Although it wasn't a thong style, Erica still felt extra showings of her backend. The bottoms were cut in a way that left the lower corners of her cheeks out in the open and even a bit of the beginning of her butt crack. Any attempt to pull the garment up did little to hide her.

“May, this isn't going to work out!” Erica complained. She tried twisting in front of the mirror, but no matter what angle she saw herself from, she still felt overly exposed.

However May was enjoying herself, still looking Erica over. “You look good Erica. Every inch you feel is too much is an inch of extra cuteness,” May complimented. Erica's face turned a dark red from the embarrassment. May was always obnoxiously flirty with her, but she hated the extra attention she received from others. At least that had been her initial reaction. It was also true that ever since they had started these games, Erica was starting to feel better about herself.

“You say that as if this is how it's going to stay! You think I'm not smart enough to know what will happen when we do the rest of this?” Erica whined. But May lit up after the complaint and quickly scurried away. Erica watched as May opened the bag near their locker in the changing room. She dug around for a few seconds before removing a shiny pair of handcuffs!

“Stand still! We did forget the best accessory!” May ordered. She ran back up to Erica, grabbing both her wrists. Erica was swung around so May could hold Erica's hands behind her back. Erica allowed it to happen, having grown used to not fighting May's will. But she was worried that such kinky actions might be caught by someone else entering the locker room.

The cool steel on her wrists were an instant escalation of her predicament. This was the issue Erica had with the whole plan. Now she had no way to defend herself against May, who was hard enough to fend off even with the use of both her hands. Although this wasn't the first time May had placed her in cuffs, Erica still shook her wrists to try and free herself.

“These aren't an accessory May! They're freaking handcuffs! Someone is going to think I'm your prisoner!” Erica exclaimed. Erica glanced over to see her profile view in the mirror; her near naked form and the handcuffs. It definitely felt perverse to her.

“Oh? I didn't mean the handcuffs, Erica dear. The thing that completes this ensemble is that total look of helplessness on your face,” May declared bringing her hand up to Erica's rosy cheek. She softly stroked it, pushing a strand of Erica's raven-black locks from her face.

Erica's mouth hung open as May made this move. In truth, her self-esteem wasn't the only goal of these games they played. The first time the two of them tried this it became quickly apparent that each had their own sexual stake in it. Erica was a submissive at heart and May relished in the teasing of others. But the two rarely acknowledged it out loud. Erica was embarrassed to admit to her own deviant pleasure and it would seem May enjoyed that Erica tried to hide that.

“You need to stop,” Erica breathlessly retorted, trying her best to seem indignant of May's behavior. She stepped away from her blonde friend, trying to act is if she was going to end this game. After a few steps however, the cold steel of the small metal chain against her back reminded her she didn't have a choice anymore.

“Did you need the key?” May asked, knowing exactly why Erica had suddenly stopped her attempt to run away. She took this chance to walk up behind the handcuffed girl. She placed both hands on Erica's shoulders. She leaned her head in close and whispered in Erica's ear. “I could strip you naked and leave you here to venture out and find me.”

Erica's lungs expanded. Adrenaline shot through her. For some reason, even though it was her first time wearing the suit, it was not difficult for Erica to picture how easily it could slip from her body. She was now acutely aware of every inch of fabric that covered her bare skin. The suit now felt like it offered as much protection as full winter gear when compared to May's threat.

Erica felt nothing but the need to submit to May's desire in that moment. The woman was good at that. However Erica couldn't admit to it, and instead she tried to act angry. “Just get the key and undo these things. I can't go walking around with them on in front of everyone!”

May giggled as she let go of Erica. She bounced her way back to the bag, digging for the key. “You know, I could walk you around without the handcuffs! I could take off even more!”

“Then I'd kill you!” Erica fired back. Her frustration with herself fueled the harmless venom in her words.

May could sense her friend wasn't seriously upset. “You love me too much to do that. You also know you're going to go through with this. You already agreed. You aren't going back on your word, are you?” May asked.

Erica sighed, pleased that May was at least undoing the lock on the cuffs. “I'm not backing out, just you behave. I know there's almost no one out there, but you know this is embarrassing! And I don't want to get arrested for some type of public bondage play,” Erica warned.

“But then you'd get to wear real handcuffs, right? I wonder what the cops would say with these little bits pointing out the whole time,” Erica commented while using her fingers to rub Erica's hard nipples through the suit top.

Erica wasn't prepared for her touch and let out a gasp as the woven triangles slid against her nipples. If anything was going to make her feel more vulnerable it was the fact that her most sensitive spots weren't well guarded. It was one thing to have a lot of skin on show, but that May could easily tease her body only added another layer to her current issues.

“Behave!” Erica barked. She walked away from May, trying to cover her chest. Her now freed forearms rested against the top, feeling it bunch up on her chest. She had to fix the displacement of the fabric when she finally let her arms recoil away. She hadn't shown much in the move, nothing scandalous at least.

May herself wore a more basic bikini. Erica was sure she had purposefully chosen a dark blue as a way to not stand out against Erica's pink and white. The devious May always loved forcing the ideas of contrast.

Erica jumped when the door to the locker room opened. It slamming shut was a rude reminder they did not have total privacy. Two women walked in, not paying the girls in the corner much attention. They chatted with each other as they set their own things down.

May had a sly grin on her face as she spoke, “I could handcuff you to a shower and invite those girls to come and enjoy you. That is, if you don't start moving this second.”

Images of being bound with her hands over head, her suit easily pawed away, and three sets of hands on her body flashed through Erica's mind. She knew it was a silly fantasy imposed by May, as it would be unlikely two strangers would be so open to such a suggestion. Yet Erica knew not to chance things with May. It was an old trick, but once again May had convinced Erica to no longer hesitate.

“Fine, let's get this mess over with,” Erica conceded.

The two of them made their way through the locker room, Erica grabbing their bag along the way. But May still held on to the handcuffs.

“Put those away,” Erica nagged.

“So bossy! We'll see how this attitude works out for you later,” May threatened.

Erica flinched when they stepped out of the locker room. The sun had risen notable higher, and it was starting to feel warm. It was early morning at the beach and not many people had arrived. Of course, this was the intent of arriving so early. Even May knew she didn't have enough influence to get Erica on the beach in such a tiny suit if it were busy.

“Ready?” May asked, grabbing hold of one of Erica's hands.

They surveyed the beach. Only two other blankets were laid out nearby, people sunbathing on them. Erica still placed a hand in front of her bikini bottoms.

May spoke softly. “This time, I will walk with you. Next time though, don't be surprised if I leave you in the dust to walk on your own.” Even though it sounded a threat, Erica was happy to hear those words. She felt so exposed in her suit and making the walk alone would have been tough. Erica felt that, in her own way, May was being quite kind.

Hand in hand the two girls trekked down the beach. Sand slipped between their feet and sandals. Erica had of course worn bikinis before, but that day the purpose behind her suit made it feel different. The simple sensation of her thighs slipping past one another in their stride was enough to remind her of what was happening. She was toying with near nudity in public, and she felt she had so little choice in the matter!

May seemed to be in her own world, but her tight grip on Erica's hand was reassuring. It transmitted a message to Erica, one of strength and reassurance. Erica wanted to run back to the locker room and put her clothes back on, but the tug of May kept her going forward.

Already, and so early into their plans, Erica felt a pinging of pleasure going through her body. It was a light buzz across her skin. She could have blamed it on the warm rays of the sun, but she knew better. Her nipples were scratching the cups of her top and she was starting to develop an ‘itch' between her legs.

Although she always fought hard at the start, Erica eventually melted under May's control. Even though the embarrassment and fear could grow worse and worse as time went on, it seemed Erica was increasingly trapped by May's plans. Even being handcuffed before was now less of a binding than Erica's state of mind.

“Here!” May announced.

Erica looked around. She knew she should probably feel good about not being seated near anyone, the closest people being over 50 yards away. Yet she also knew such a distance only gave them a false sense of privacy.

Erica dropped the bag so May could dig their towel out. “Help me out silly,” May requested.

Erica had hoped to not have to work much in her suit. Yet May was sure to put up a fight against that. So instead, Erica just agreed to help. She knelt down to help dig their beach towel out of the bag.

When Erica lowered herself, a portion of her bare cheeks sticking out of the suit touched the warm sand. The feeling was so unexpected that Erica jerked up. “Oh! I see some jiggling!” May teased, staring right at the fidgeting Erica. The top wasn't stopping any of the momentum Erica's movement caused, allowing her breasts to bounce freely.

Erica just huffed, trying to ignore her friend's teasing. She pushed her end of the towel to the ground and watched as May finished the rest. Once completed, Erica turned around and sat her butt down. She brought her knees up to her chest and hugged them, hoping to go unnoticed should anyone come by.

“Hey now, no balling yourself up. You need to unwind. Lie back more. Like this,” May demonstrated by kicking her feet out and falling back onto her hands. “Just soak up some rays!”

May looked around. They weren't in immediate sight of anyone. She slowly uncurled herself to mimic May's pose. “Like this?”

“There we go! Very sexy,” May commented. Erica relaxed a little, although blushing from the compliment.

May snickered a bit. She couldn't help herself when she spied one of Erica's strings dangling teasingly from her neck. She pinched the string, and pulled it away from her back.

“May!” Erica shouted, her hands flying behind her only to find her top unraveling! In front of her she watched the top slide off her breasts, exposing her in public! As she tried to grab hold of her loose strings however, she felt the return of a handcuff on her wrist!

“NO!” Erica shouted. She tried to twist herself away from the sudden attempt on her freedom but found that her other wrist was held firm by May. She couldn't escape!


Part 2

“Now hold still,” May commanded. She was able to hook the second cuff over Erica's other wrist. When it clicked shut, Erica gasped. Her head was twirling back and forth wildly as she tried to see if the scene was being watched.

“Put my top back on,” Erica begged. She looked down and saw that it was almost a belt at this point. The cups were far from her pokey nipples!

“Why can't you?” May cruelly teased. She sat watching Erica squirm about.

Realizing she wasn't getting help from May, Erica flopped onto her stomach, pressing her bare breasts to the towel. “This isn't funny! Some warning next time!”

May leaned down and finished removing Erica's top pulling it out from under her. May got in close to whisper, “So, just a warning is all you care about? You like being stripped topless and handcuffed? So long as you know it's about to happen?”

Erica's red face started to feel like it was burning. May's assertion was embarrassing enough. Even through her burst of fear though, her nipples were very hard. Whenever she moved they rubbed on the coarse towel.

“I could take your bottoms! Then instead of flashing your sweet steel, people could also see your fully bare tush,” May offered.

“Please don't,” May begged.

May stroked Erica's hair. “Oh, the first please of the day. I wonder how many more I'll hear?” Erica didn't respond to May's comments. She just continued to try and hide her bare breasts from the world. “Oh, I think I see someone coming!”

Erica wanted to roll on her back to hide the handcuffs. Someone being restrained like this was surely an attention-grabbing sight. However her bared breasts were hardly an appropriate alternative. She stayed where she was with her face down, ensuring her hard nipples would only be shared with the blanket below her.

Erica was pleased to not hear any audible gasps of shock. At the same time, her averted gaze meant she knew nothing about the passerby. She could be in the process of being eyed up and she'd be none the wiser.

“They're gone,” May mercifully announced.

Erica hesitated to confirm for a few moments. If she was being gawked at, she'd rather seem to be unaware of it. When she did turn her head though, they were indeed alone again on their section of the beach.

“I wonder what got more looks. Those shiny bits of metal or that scantily covered bottom?” May asked aloud. She accompanied the question with a gentle swat of Erica's half exposed bottom.

Erica whimpered, “Please stop that.” Erica had wanted to sit up more, to look around, but that might be unwise in her state of dress. With only the small bottoms covering her, Erica had to be careful. “Can I have my top back?”

May took her time to consider the request. “Ask me in a way I might prefer,” May offered.

Erica softly groaned. She knew May's game well enough. This was the point where Erica would have to make things embarrassing on her own. “Please Miss May, I'd like to be able to hide my naked boobies,” Erica requested.

“Hehe, that's cute. You want me to hide them with my hands perhaps?” May inferred. Of course, May knew what Erica actually wanted.

Erica's embarrassment grew and grew. It was a teasing remark on its own, but she also knew that part of it was true. Were the two of them more private, Erica could see herself perhaps taking up that offer. Though if that were the case, she'd have to worry May would even deny it. “No Miss May. I'd like my top back,” Erica specified.

Again, May took her time to think it through. “I suppose I could be so kind. Yet if I'm going to put you in a cute, tiny, and very revealing top... we should perhaps reveal said top, yes?”

Erica knew where this was going. They weren't going to keep themselves hidden away in their own little spot any longer. It all seemed so soon but Erica worried that if she didn't get her top back now, she may not get it back at all.

“Yes, we should,” Erica agreed. She then watched May start to untangle the tiny top she had at her side.

“Sit up dear, time to get this back on,” May ordered as she dangled the top in the air. Erica hated how little it looked, even when not being warn.

Erica also was worried about sitting up on the beach. To her left she didn't see anyone close by, to her right she couldn't see because May was in the way, and it was too difficult to see far ahead of her or behind her. She was mostly blind to everything while having to stay stuck to the ground.

Knowing things wouldn't get better if she hesitated, Erica struggled her way onto her knees. It took a moment without the use of her hands. She was happy to see that no one was nearby. Her bare breasts felt very naked. She was hoping May would hurry and put the top back on.

May did move into position behind Erica. She took her time to really tease her. May moved a hand up one of Erica's bound arms, massaging her shoulder at the top. Her other hand moved down the other arm. It jingled the metal between Erica's wrists, another reminder of her situation.

Erica begged, “Please, just get on with- IT!” Erica's tone raised as one of May's hands cupped the nearest naked breast. May's fingers rolled around the bare mound, squeezing lightly. Her other hand had dipped to the back of the tiny bottoms, lightly rubbing Erica's butt.

“You're going to hate today,” May whispered. She then stopped her groping to finally put the top on. Erica's hard nipples were soon hidden once again under the small triangles of the suit. May was able to expertly tie the suit together quickly. Erica knew all too well that May was very precise and skilled with her digits. 

Knowing that she really was done a favor - considering how cruel May could be - Erica did thank her. “That was appreciated May.”

“You won't appreciate this. It's time we went to get a snack,” May announced, standing up.

Erica tried to stand, but stumbled halfway and fell to her knees again. “Ok, that's fine, but could you please unlock the cuffs?”

May just scoffed at the idea and started to walk. “Come along dear, we need to get moving,” she ordered.

Erica was shocked. She couldn't believe she was supposed to walk across the beach like this! Another attempt to get to her feet only caused her to stumble in her panic. “May!” she called out.

May didn't stop or turn. Erica knew this was so like her. May knew how to keep Erica on her toes. She knew how to keep a tempo that would make her feel like the whole situation was out of control. May knew when to rush things along or slow them down. And she knew when Erica wanted one or the other.

With just a tiny bikini on, Erica wasn't about to rush off down the sand. She had no way to explain the handcuffs to anyone. She had no way to hide her body either. Even though this was an improvement from when she was topless, she didn't feel dressed. The bikini was hardly there.

May wasn't slowing her pace. Erica could lose sight of her if she didn't hurry. For a third time she tried to stand up. She finally succeeded and looked around. A few more people had showed up on the beach since they first sat down, but all a distance away. Erica was surely heading somewhere more crowded though.

Erica made the mistake of looking down at herself. Her breasts were in no way fully covered. Only tiny triangles were held against her chest. If she had a normal bikini on, she'd surely cover more than twice that of what was covered now.

Erica started to walk though. The only thing that forced her to go was knowing that waiting would lead to worse consequences. She began to walk down the sand.

May looked back and caught sight of Erica now following a ways behind. She waved for Erica to hurry up then sped up to a jog.

Erica, increasingly frustrated, began to jog as well. She needed to cover a lot of space, but also wanted to avoid getting close to anyone else set up on the beach. Yet zigzagging to avoid people would only slow her down, so she figured it would be best just to streak past them. May clearly wanted that anyway. If she was lucky, the embarrassment of the suit and the handcuffs would be minimized if people couldn't clearly see she was wearing them.

After a moment Erica was finally starting to close the gap. May was nearing the end of the beach and slowing down. It wouldn't be long till Erica was back in May's care. Yet she nearly yelped out loud when she realized one of her breasts had slipped loose from her top!

It must have happened in one of her larger strides. As her foot came down, her breasts bounced up. The small triangle couldn't stay atop of her nipple and instead slid to the side. Now out in the bright sun the hard nub stood proudly. Meanwhile Erica nearly ducked for cover out of embarrassment, but tried to press on.

She tried to fix her top with her arms but nearly hurt her wrists doing so. Each hand remained securely behind her back. Her breathing grew heavy. She realized she couldn't cover herself! 

She looked up to see where May was. She was already starting to gain distance again! Erica didn't even know if May had seen what happened.

Erica next looked to see if anyone else had seen. Luckily she wasn't too close to anyone. From far away she hoped her exposed nipple wasn't obvious thanks to the bikini being white and pink, fairly light colors against her equally light colored skin.

The idea of stopping where she was and again lying on her stomach did occur to her. But May would possibly make her wait there all day. Someone would eventually come to question the cuffs. It would also look foolish to just suddenly dive for the sand.

With no way to free her hands, her only answer to covering her escaped breast would be to get help. A stranger would surely not do, but May was so far away! Of course May was the only answer.

The quickest path to May would lead Erica right past a man applying sunscreen. Besides him though, the path was mostly clear. Erica wondered how far she'd have to curve around him to avoid discovery. She wouldn't have much room thanks to a family a little farther down the beach in front of him.

Again, waiting wasn't an option. Erica decided action should be taken, even if haste was the cause of her new predicament.

Erica's feet began to carry her again across the sand. She tried to keep at a jog, but this time less recklessly for fear of her other breast slipping free.

She kept her eye on the man applying his sun screen. His head was down, and Erica was happy for that. She tried to get past him fast. Again, keeping her distance would hopefully hide the fact that her breast was out.

May had stopped up ahead, now watching Erica trot around the beachgoer. It was obvious to Erica that May was getting a kick out of this, so perhaps May had in fact noticed how Erica's top had betrayed her!

Out of the corner of her eye, Erica thought she noticed the man was now looking her way! She wasn't sure if it was the handcuffs or the nearly useless top that had caught his attention, but she looked forward trying to ignore him.

Her breathing was heavy again. She was now past him enough that her nipple probably couldn't be seen, but the cuffs would now be obvious. Not to mention that if he looked closely, perhaps he'd notice how tiny her suit was too. She could maybe only think of one time she had seen a woman on a public beach in such a tiny suit.

“Oh, dear, I believe you've had a wardrobe malfunction,” May taunted as Erica finally caught up to her.

Erica was very worried with May speaking so loud. The two weren't exactly anywhere private. The man behind her probably could still see her. May had stopped near some changing rooms, the parking lot, and a concession stand. No one else was in the immediate area, but Erica was still indecently exposed!

“May, this isn't funny, please help!” Erica begged.

“Oh, you mean you don't like the lopsided look?”

Erica grumbled. She was almost in a panic and May was making jokes. “Just fix it!”

May reached out and slipped the other triangle off the still covered breast! “There, just as you asked bossy,” May claimed, faking a tone of being hurt.

Erica was essentially topless again, but this time couldn't hide her top. Her hands were still bound. She was getting desperate. “May! Please cover me back up and set me free! I don't want people to see me like this. I'll do anything!”

Erica regretted the words when May's face lit up. “Anything? Well then I'll make you a deal. You keep one of those suckable bits out,” May commented as she slipped one of the triangles back on, “and order some ice cream with me. Then I'll fix your top.”


Part 3

“What about the cuffs?” Erica asked. She didn't like the first part of the deal, but she was getting desperate as she saw at least two more cars enter the parking lot. It wouldn't be long until those people would be walking onto the beach.

May had a devious smile appear. “Those stay on. Unless you want a different deal: If I take the cuffs off, I get to take something else off you too!”

Erica was shocked she'd even suggest something like that. Losing the cuffs was something Erica wanted badly, but she couldn't go without half of her suit! “May, that's not fair! I'm exposed with either deal!”

May explained, “Yes, but with the first one just for a bit and to the nice lady at the concession stand. She'll think it was just an accident and it'll be a little embarrassing. I'll then make sure both your breasts are covered again by the suit.”

Erica didn't like that she wouldn't be freed from the cuffs. A lot more people would see her in them if they weren't removed. Yet May wasn't giving her any good offers to remove them. Erica could see her stiff nipple out in the open. May was going to force her to expose herself to one person to avoid even more people seeing. She hated being made to do this, but her chest was still heaving, and from more than just physical exhaustion. May was getting her really worked up. And perhaps that's why Erica agreed to do it.

“Let's get this over with,” Erica muttered in defeat. She tried to straighten herself and relax. The idea was that she was unaware of her exposure. The girl at the counter would see it, but at least not think anything weird of her. Erica should even be able to keep her handcuffs hidden.

May was the one following for once, giddy with excitement at what she had made Erica agree to. But she pulled in front when Erica hesitated to approach the counter. They couldn't see the girl yet, and so she couldn't see them either.

“Showtime,” May announced. Erica had to fight back her urge to stay hidden. She had to act like nothing was wrong, but that would be nearly impossible with one of her breasts bared! She actually had to flash someone now thanks to May's game!

May was first to approach the counter. Erica didn't have time to think though, because as May was greeted by the woman at the desk May was also calling Erica over. “Come on, let's order!”

May huffed one last time before she stepped up next to May. The counter girl started to say “hello” but trailed off when her eyes focused on Erica's exposure.

Erica did her best to not look down. She didn't want to admit to knowing about it. She had to pretend it wasn't happening. Yet the woman at the desk just stared and things were turning awkward.

Not one to wait, May spoke up. “So, Erica, what would you like?”

Erica opened her mouth to speak, but couldn't find the words. She didn't really want anything, but she didn't know how to say that. She was too busy worrying what the woman staring at her was probably thinking.

“Nothing? Speak up!” May ordered. This shook Erica from her trance enough to finally say something. “Yes, nothing.”

The girl at the counter was also shaken from her stare. She looked up at both May and Erica. “Oh yes, so um nothing from... you,” she hastily commented. She forced herself to look at May. “And for you ma'am?”

“A single scoop of vanilla would be wonderful, thank you,” May requested. The counter girl then gave the total and turned away to prepare the ice cream for May. May leaned in next to Erica and whispered, “You think I should have asked for a hard little cherry to top my supple mound I just ordered?”

Erica finally looked down at herself. The useless triangle was still tangled to her side. Her pink nipple was still sticking out very hard. There was no excuse on a warm morning like that. Erica forced herself to look up again and glanced around her.

Just as she looked behind her, Erica saw a man and woman walking nearby, each eyeing the handcuffs! Erica tried to move her hands to hide them, but didn't do a very good job. She considered turning toward the couple, but that would only flash her uncovered nipple.

“May! Everyone is going to think I'm a freak,” Erica complained.

With a giggle May joked, “Well if you weren't into such kinky stuff, they wouldn't have reason to think that.”

Erica missed out on any chance to defend herself as the woman returned with May's ice cream.

“That'll be $2.50,” she said. May dug in their bag to find some money. During this time, the woman behind the counter leaned forward to whisper to Erica, “Ma'am... um your top has undone a little.”

Erica's heart began to beat rapidly beneath her chest. Her mouth got very dry. Her oblivious-act wasn't going to fly anymore. Her naked breast hanging in the open was now very known. But Erica couldn't fix her top. Her hands were still cuffed.

“Oh god!” Erica feigned surprise as she looked around. She was trying to act like she just found out, but didn't know what to do. May offered nothing more than an evil grin to her now panicking friend next to her.

Erica quickly crouched down under the counter, hoping that maybe the retreat option would look real. Maybe the woman would think she was too shy to show her face again, which was most definitely true.

May set the money on the table. “Thanks for the ice cream,” she said taking it. “Come along my exhibitionist pal. That'll show you for wearing such a skimpy swimsuit!” May said. She guided the crouching Erica away from the counter.

Erica's heart was still racing. Again she wanted to argue what May had said, but couldn't if she didn't want to let the girl at the counter know about the cuffs. So Erica just followed May to the side and out of sight.

“Quick, fix it already, before someone else sees!” Erica demanded.

May wasn't about to make things easy. “See what?” she asked, discarding her ice cream.

Erica couldn't believe that she was still tingling at a time like this. Even though she wanted to yell at May, she was also incredibly turned on. So instead of getting angry, she did as she thought May would like. “Please pull my tiny suit back over my nipple before someone sees it.”

“Stand up,” May ordered. Erica did so. May walked behind her. Erica's breathing sharpened when she felt a chest press against her back. An arm wrapped its way around Erica, with several fingers coming to rest around her taught nipple. “First, I would just like a second of your time. Is that okay?”

Erica gasped as the fingers rolled her sensitive peak. She looked around and made sure no one could see them. They were only a few steps away from the counter lady, but no one else was around. “Miss May, please, this is a bit public,” Erica warned.

May was quick to find an excuse. “I need to touch you to get it back on. Though I do need to make sure it fits snuggly where it belongs.” May did in fact bring the escaped triangle back over Erica's nipple. However even once it was in place, May's fingers did not leave. They continued to feel the nipple through the thin fabric of the suit.

“Miss... please...” Erica breathlessly begged. She hunched over when May's other hand suddenly slipped between her legs. It rubbed along her bare thighs. “May!”

May giggled, not stopping for a moment. The edge of her hand slid higher, running itself across the tiny strip of fabric covering between Erica's legs. The contact was barely firm enough for May to feel the slit of Erica's lips.

“Miss May, please!” Erica wanted May to stop. Anyone could come by and happen upon their very intimate interactions.

“Please, as in more?” May asked. Suddenly the hand between her legs ran up along her moistening mound. The suit did little to block the sensations from Erica. She softly moaned out at the touch.

“No, please stop before someone sees us,” Erica corrected.

May surprisingly did stop. “Good thing you said something,” May said, as then from the parking lot another group of people appeared. “Yet I'm not done with you. I'm going to go grab our stuff and move it. You come find me in like a minute or so,” May ordered. She then turned Erica around and kissed her on the forehead. “You be a good girl and you'll get what you want.” With that, May skipped away.

Erica realized she wasn't alone and quickly put her back to the wall of the concession stand. Thankfully it seemed no one else had spotted her embarrassing accessory.

Erica saw May's skipping had brought her to their stuff already. Somehow she was so far away, and it looked like she was going to walk even farther. A few more people had sat themselves along the beach or in the water. The morning was going to fully turn to day in less than an hour.

Erica could leave to chase May, but May wanted her to behave. Still being cuffed and in such a tiny suit meant that punishment would be an easy thing for May to deliver. Thoughts of May stripping her naked in the center of the beach entered Erica's mind.

Her recent groping wasn't far from her mind either. Erica shifted her legs so she could squeeze her thighs together. She thought of how she probably wouldn't able to stop herself from a quick rub, if not for the handcuffs. As long as no one was looking. She would only need a moment. But the cuffs stopped her. Being unable to attend to her arousal was actually making her even more aroused.

Erica considered that she'd beg May when she finally caught up to her. She'd beg her to go home and get up to a different type of fun. She knew May would like to see her beg, but wasn't sure if she'd actually give in.

When it seemed enough time had passed, Erica looked down the beach again for May. She managed to spot her but she had moved even farther down the beach. She was now on the far end, all by herself. This meant that Erica would have to walk right past the entire beach to get to her.

“Be a good girl and you'll get what you want,” Erica repeated. This was hopefully her final test before May would be done with the challenge.

Erica took a step away from the wall. She thought one last time about her cuffs. There wasn't a way to hide them, but with a bit of twisting Erica was able to grab some of the chain. She held it tightly in her hands. With some luck it would look like a weird bracelet to most people.

After a few more steps, Erica made sure to warn herself to not move too fast. This time if her nipple slipped out, she wouldn't get to May without passing at least a dozen people. She of course had no intentions of flashing that many people.

So Erica set off, at a gentle and slow pace. With her hands behind her back it looked as if Erica was a woman enjoying a simple stroll along the beach. She was a woman who appeared confident in her small, white and pink swimsuit. It hid so little of her, and yet she did nothing to cover herself. In fact her shoulders were pulled back and her chest thrust out projecting the path in front of her.

But Erica wanted to run. She wanted to keep hidden. The slow straight path was only to prevent her breasts from popping free and to make May proud of her. This suit choice was not her own, and she felt horrendously exposed in it. She was hardly confident and instead quite embarrassed, especially when she would notice someone's eyesight linger on her body longer than normal. Even her chest being out was because of the cuffs keeping her hands locked behind her.

When she was roughly half way, coming up on where their stuff had been before, Erica began to really crave May again. She had a better view of her now, laying out a blanket on the far corner of the beach. She looked over to Erica and even waved.

Luckily the number of people began to thin out as she walked. The straightest path would lead her past fewer and fewer people now. She had already displayed her nearly naked body to enough people. She wondered if she would be freed from her cuffs when she got to May. Maybe May was willing to go home soon too. From time to time, even May was unable to resist the temptation of the two of them going somewhere private.

Erica picked up speed, her strides becoming longer, when she neared the last length of her mission. She no longer had to pass anyone and May stood waiting at their new spot.

“Very good dear, you made it. I'm quite proud you didn't cover up!” May congratulated. Erica was made to stop and stand still as May kissed her forehead again.

“I didn't have a choice really,” Erica pointed out.

May put a hand on one of Erica's hips as she stayed closed to her bound victim. “Oh, I suppose that's right. You still did a very good job.”

The tension was building for Erica. She had wanted to beg for something, but now that May was right in front of her, it seemed even more embarrassing.

“Time for your reward,” reminded May. Erica felt May's hand search her hip, finding the tie at the side of her suit!

Erica's head quickly turned to the beach. She tried to make out if anyone was looking. “Miss, don't! I can't lose those now, there are too many people!”

“This is what you want though, right?” May asked, staring at Erica. When Erica turned back, their eyes locked together. Again she couldn't find an answer. “We're not done yet. I haven't had you cuffed and naked on this beach yet.” May then lowered her head so she could kiss Erica's neck.

Erica tried to object. “Miss May, no, not in front of every-“ but as May made her trip down, she pushed a triangle to the side and took a hard nipple into her mouth. Erica cut herself off with her own gasp.

May's other hand that was at Erica's hip moved inward to the front of the bikini bottoms. They slid between Erica's legs again. “You're wet dear, and I can feel it through the suit. Although it's so thin it's hardly there, so maybe that doesn't count.”


Part 4

Erica whimpered a bit. She'd wanted this, but she wasn't sure if she wanted it right there. May's fingers were so gentle though, they always made her yearn for more. She quieted and started to let May do as she pleased. May's hand returned to her hip.

“Now with one pluck of assistance,” May announced as she tugged at the bow on Erica's bikini bottoms. With only one side undone, the pink fabric dove to the ground, nothing resisting its fall to the sand.

Erica looked down. It hung only on her ankle now. Her small black triangle of fur sat out in public view!

“Eeep!” Erica squeaked as she froze. She brought her right foot up into the air, her legs crossing to try and shield her nakedness. Nothing could hide her bottomless state though with her hands cuffed behind her back still. “May, no!”

“Just sit down Erica. This will be over soon,” May explained. She placed a hand on Erica's shoulder as she eased the bottomless girl down. Erica's naked butt landed on the towel, her bottoms still on an ankle. She kept her legs shut tight.

“Do as I say and you'll be redressed,” May affirmed. May continued, “Now lie on your back. I'll release the handcuffs for a moment. I'm going to cuff you to that root.”

May took her key and undid the cuffs. Erica was too far gone to try and escape now. She rolled onto her back as May instructed. She let May guide her hands to the root. Her breaths were coming shakily. Her head rolled to the side to see May locking the cuffs again, her hands now bound to this root over her head.

Tilting her head a bit, Erica looked across the beach. It was thankfully still slow, and their new spot was far from anyone. Her knees were still raised and her thighs clenched.

“Move your knees up to your chest please,” May requested. The request sounded gentle and kind, but Erica still felt intimidated.

As she brought her knees up into the air, her feet lifting from the ground, Erica knew the view she was giving. Her entire naked butt was exposed to May, along with the pulsating lips peeking from between her legs.

Her body shook and shivered when the foreign touch of cloth grazed her naked skin. The dangling bottoms still hung from her ankle. As she brought her knees up she dragged a lone string across her backside. It eventually slipped to a point where it was running up the crease of her crack.

Even worse, when her legs were finally up in the air, her knees over her breasts, the string now rested against her eager folds. The unsteady accent only tickled and teased her wet mound. It reminded her far too much that she wanted something more firm than light fabric against them.

May didn't say anything as she took the bikini bottoms. She purposely let the string drag across Erica's sex when she stole it.

“Now, that's a cute expression,” May exclaimed. Erica's head was still tilted, nervously watching the beach. Her face was glowing red, her eyes large and open. Her lips were slightly parted, almost shaking. It was almost as if Erica was trying to say something. Those same large pleading eyes turned up to the watching May.

“May... please...” Erica managed to say.

“We know where this goes, Erica dear. You're sopping wet and horny and you want me to help, yes?”

Erica barely nodded her head in confirmation. Her legs shook a bit as she held them in the air.

“Legs apart,” May ordered. Even though Erica was willing to do so, May still assisted by grabbing each knee and opening Erica up. As Erica's legs opened, so did her glistening lips. Her pink skin touched the air directly, causing Erica to shake again. May brought Erica's feet to the ground, but with her knees still pointing up. May was actually able to kneel between each of Erica's knees; her legs were spread very wide.

“Now, let me help you out of that,” May said, crawling forwards. She rested down on her knees, one behind her and one shifted forward. Erica gasped when that forward moving knee rested right against her sensitive slit. May leaned over Erica, supporting herself on her elbows.

May's hands roamed behind Erica's back. They quickly found the tie that they had already undone multiple times that day. They did so again with just as much ease. Erica watched as she was helpless to only wiggle beneath Erica with no way to save her top now!

Erica's wiggling afforded her a rush of pleasure. Her slick juices were now coating May's knee. It was still pressed against her firmly, and the wiggling let May finally find some release. Without even realizing it, she began to seek her needed orgasm using May's body.

Tossing the top to the side, May had to remind Erica where she was. “You are bare ass naked on the beach Erica. You lost your tiny suit and now you're humping my leg.”

Erica was tempted to stop after the embarrassing realization. She again looked at her May towering over her, and then towards the beach goers. Yet even though she slowed her rotating hips to a near stop, May tauntingly started to move her knee against her. She kept the pleasure going and Erica let out a moan.

“Helpless, that's what you are Erica,” May narrated. “Wearing nothing but an expression of total need. Your need for cover, for freedom, and,” May stopped her sentence to lean in and lick a hardened nipple. After a few tongue strokes, she flicked it firmly and finished her sentence. “Orgasm!”

Erica's hips gyrated on their own again. She found a way to shift herself just enough to purposely rub her hardened bud against May's hard knee cap. Erica didn't even try to hide her panting anymore.

May gave Erica a kiss. “I'm not done torturing you yet Erica dear. You will get what you want, but only when I know you want it,” May cryptically informed Erica. She then drew her leg away. Standing, she looked around. The two were still mostly alone. Erica stared up pleadingly.

“When I know, you can have it,” May repeated. She then started to walk away!

Erica moaned. She didn't want to be left alone! She was naked and cuffed and she needed to cum!

“No!” Erica called out quietly.

May feigned ignorance to the call. She continued to walk away.

“May, please!” Erica raised her voice, surely loud enough for May to hear. May though kept walking.

Erica brought her legs back together, squeezing her thighs. She felt close, and she wanted it bad. At the same time she knew she couldn't just wait for things to happen on their own. May was stubborn and always got her way. She had to figure out what she wanted.

Looking across the beach, May knew that they were surely going to get caught if she waited too long! This was bad. She could be noticed. And May was just leaving her there!

Bringing up some courage, Erica started to speak louder. “Please May! Come back, I need you...” Erica trailed off at the end of the sentence, afraid to speak too loudly. Calling out her helplessness didn't seem smart with people around.

That's when it hit her. That's what May wanted!

“May, come back! I need you!” Erica repeated. This time May did look around, as if she could barely hear someone calling her.

Erica's body tingled. She worried she was getting too loud. Someone else could hear, look over, and find her helpless naked body! Yet her chance at freedom was heading away too! The farther she got, the louder she'd have to be!

Frustration was growing as Erica writhed against her binding. She wasn't able to do anything to get free to try and catch her. So she tried again. “May! I need you bad!”

Again Erica had to watch as she almost convinced May! She was desperate now, and she had to try the best she could!

For a moment, Erica had to stop herself. Uncertainty was washing over her. Her nakedness felt too extreme to draw attention. She was actually trying to get someone to come and look at her body! She wanted someone to acknowledge her sexual needs! She knew from prior experiences that May would only react to the most helpless of begging.

“May! Please, I need to cum!” Erica shouted. She almost thought she heard it echo back, the phrase ringing in her ears. Her body felt tense. The request was so honest. Her body yearned for the desired result. It prepared itself, causing Erica's whole body to tingle.

Erica shut her eyes, afraid to see countless people searching for her, the girl begging for an orgasm. She held out a few seconds before opening them, looking down the beach again.

She noticed no one looking besides May. She was quite some distance away, so knowing that the sound did travel that far was very embarrassing. May wasn't returning though. Instead she was making some type of gesture. She had her hands raised, one pointing to the other.

Erica didn't get it at first. She tried to struggle at her handcuffs again. That's when she felt it. Her hand butted against a different metal; a small key!

Quickly, Erica got a hold of the key and started to fidget with it. When it slipped inside the hole in the handcuffs, she was surprised! The whole time she was abandoned there she actually had her means of escape!

Once one cuff was undone, Erica wasted no time. Her hands flew away from the root it had been stuck to and went right between her thighs! Her fingers pressed into her expecting mound. Instantly she arched her back, hips lifting off the towel.

Erica's eyes shut again as she ran her fingers up and down along her slit. The pleasure was strong, and with her body expecting it, she was nearing orgasm fast.

Erica moaned loudly, having lost all sense of the concept of volume.

When her fingers started to circle her clit, sliding along its sensitive edges, her body began to convulse. Her mouth stayed open, one long note escaping as her body was rocked with pleasure. Her fingers kept moving, now pressing to her clit.

Erica felt totally relieved as her nerves were quaked with ecstasy! The orgasm that had evaded her for far too long was finally here, and her whole world was now centered around it.

Erica was so spent from the explosion of energy that she didn't remember much after that point until May was nudging her awake. May said it had only been a minute, but to Erica it could have been half an hour.

Her sense of modesty washed over her once she sat up. She was on a public beach, still naked, with a handcuff hanging from one wrist. She held her body tight, checking for other people for the first time since making her loud and embarrassing request.

“It's okay Erica dear, you're safe,” May assured her. She helped Erica to her feet and handed her a small amount of modesty in the form of her tiny swimsuit. Erica put it on as quickly as she could, tying her strings to the sounds of clinking metal, the handcuffs still dangling. She saw May retrieve the key from the sand only to slip it into her bag.

"You can take it off when we get home. A little reminder of our fun on the way back.”

Erica wanted to complain. She still had to cross a beach in front of people, still in just a tiny suit, and no way to hide the metal bondage. Yet she felt drained and knew that there was little point in arguing with May.

The two managed a mostly uneventful walk back to the car. But with the beach filling up Erica found she wasn't too drained when her blushing started to burn her cheeks again. Once at the car she couldn't believe just how many people had to have seen her in just her tiny suit.

Erica fell into the passenger seat of the car leaving May to pile a few things into the back seat. Erica slouched low, looking down at her tiny suit. So much of her bare body was touching the seat, reminding her all the more of her exposure.

“Gotcha,” May called out. Erica felt both her wrists pulled behind her and a familiar metal click of the cuffs shutting!

“MAY!” Erica shouted. She found her hands were bound together behind the seat. Again she was suddenly helpless. A few moments later May re-entered on the driver side, starting up the car.

“Here, this is much nicer to look at than a pair of fuzzy dice, or some other type of car ornament,” joked May when she reached over and pulled the cups of Erica's top to the side!

“May, please!” Erica begged. She looked out into the parking lot to make sure her bare breasts weren't being stared at by someone arriving to the beach.

“Please what?” May asked, leaning over and undoing both sides of Erica's bottoms! With Erica struggling, the fabric in front slipped down to the seat chair leaving Erica practically naked again!

“Please don't strip me! Dress me back up!”

May giggled. “You're so well behaved. You already know I'm not going to uncuff you. That's cute!”

May shifted the car into gear and drove out of their stall. “No, you're going to stay that way. Sit back and enjoy the music,” May ordered. She reached over and teased one of Erica's already hard nipples. Erica moaned at the touch, her body still responsive, arousal quickly rising again. “Silly me, I thought that was the knob for the radio. Still sounds good though!”

“Please Miss May,” Erica begged.

“Hehe, you think I was mean on the beach? Just wait 'til you see what I can do to you once we have some privacy at home. Or in the backyard! I expect a lot more pleases from you!”

The two girls drove off, Erica no longer burdened by her suit. Though it didn't sound like she would be free of her cuffs anytime soon...

The End
