THROUGH THE FENCE

By: Maquido

maquido@hotmail.com

	Alan Fielding hurried home from the airport.  
He had been on a job in Chicago, but it was going so 
smoothly that he was able to leave a day early.  His 
wife was not at home and he rushed up stairs to 
shower and change.  He wanted to get out of the house 
before she came home.  She wasn't expecting him and 
he planned to just leave her a note saying he had 
gone to the health club to unwind.  He was hoping 
that Barbara, a new member of the health club, would 
be at her usual Thursday afternoon workout.
	He didn't even know Barbara's last name, but he 
had learned to enjoy watching her work out.  Alan 
really enjoyed looking at women and Barbara worked 
out in skintight body suits that clung to her like a 
second skin.  And, she never wore tights.  Her legs 
were always bare to where the body suit clung to her 
curves.  He always tried to subtly position himself 
so that he could watch her as she worked out.  He 
often got so turned on he masturbated in the club's 
shower.
	He quickly showered and changed into a pair of 
loose fitting jogging shorts and a T-shirt.  He was 
putting workout clothes into his gym bag when he 
glanced out the back window and noticed Alice Cole 
sunbathing in her back yard.  He did a double take.  
Alice was wearing a black bikini.  He had never seen 
her in something that skimpy.

	Before that morning, Alice had never even owned 
a bathing suit as daring as the one she was wearing.  
The summer before she and her husband had taken a day 
cruise on a sailboat with the Fielders.  At one point 
Debra had removed her cover-up to disclose a very 
small bikini.  She had stretched out on the foredeck.  
Alice, in a one-piece bathing suit, noticed the 
attention that Debra received and had wished that she 
had been so daring.  She did not consider herself a 
prude; she liked to imagine herself as someone as 
daringly sexy as her friend Debra.
	All of that was brought to Alice's mind that 
morning.  She reviewed a design job.  A developer of 
a trendy shopping area in downtown Houston had 
recently purchased another block of buildings for 
development.  New shops and restaurants would soon 
displace the few current tenants.  Alice was doing 
some of the interior design work.
	One of the buildings was an old movie theatre 
that had lost out as movie houses converted to multi-
screen, mall based theatres.  The State Theatre had 
been a grand theatre in the fifties, but currently 
showed porno movies.  The developer intended to 
restore its nostalgic class and have it show first-
run, non-mainstream films.  Alice would be doing the 
interior design of the re-done theatre and had been 
given a tour of the lobby by a somewhat embarrassed 
representative of the developer.
	"We'll come back another time when there isn't 
a movie being shown," he told her.
	A couple of times the theatre doors open as men 
came out to leave or use the rest room.  When the 
doors opened she could hear the sound of the 
exaggerated sex being performed on the screen.  It 
intrigued her, she had never seen a porno film and 
was halfway sorry that she couldn't take a peek at 
the screen.  What did they actually show, she 
wondered?  What did the people look like?  Did the 
women enjoy all the sex?
	Those thoughts were on her mind as she walked 
through the nice shops just a block over.  Maybe 
that's why the bathing suit caught her eye.  She was 
thinking about how inexperienced she was about all 
the sexy things about life when she saw the rack of 
skimpy bikinis.  They made her remember Debra's 
unashamed exposure on the sailboat and she decided to 
buy one of the suits.  She could at least try it out 
in her back yard where nobody could see her.
	She bought one.  Back at home she tried it on 
and looked at herself in the mirror.  She had to 
admit that her body looked pretty good.  She turned 
and examined herself and the way the bathing suit 
emphasized her body in a tantalizing way.  Her 
breasts moved invitingly in the skimpy top and her 
nipples were clearly outlined.
	The thin black triangle of material between her 
legs could not be stretched enough to cover all her 
pubic hair.  She would have to shave more than she 
ever had if she was going to wear the suit in public.  
Boy, she thought, wouldn't it be something to wear it 
like this.  She moved her legs a little further 
apart.  Dark black curls were visible on either side 
of the crotch of the bathing suit.  She smiled at how 
daring she was being in the privacy of her bedroom.  
Yep, that would cause a double take or two on the 
beach.
	She turned and looked at her rear.  Her 
buttocks were exposed way up the sides.  She tugged 
the suit down until it just barely covered the top of 
the crack between her buttocks.  Or how about this, 
she thought, as she slid it down a little lower, 
revealing about an inch of the shadowed cleft between 
her cheeks.  They'd like that.  She moved it lower 
until the bottom of the bathing suit was about 
halfway down her rear.  Boy, wouldn't that be 
something, sunbathing or walking the beach exposed 
like that.  She felt the first stirring of arousal 
and pulled the suit back up, laughing at herself.
	Looking in the mirror she realized one thing 
for sure, she would need to even out her suntan.  
She'd do it.  She'd wear her new bathing suit to 
sunbathe in the back yard.  The Fielders were the 
only ones that could look down into the yard and they 
were both gone.

   Alan Fielder continued to look down at Alice.  
He'd always appreciated her beauty, her dark brunette 
hair and dark brown eyes.  He knew she had a nice 
looking body, but it was terrifically exciting to see 
shy Alice, who he knew so well, laying there in that 
skimpy bikini, exposing that body in ways he'd never 
seen.  It was an unexpected opportunity that carried 
with it the added excitement of being a previously 
forbidden experience.  He wondered if she had ever 
done this before and whether he'd just missed seeing 
her.  He absent-mindedly rubbed his growing erection.
	He wanted a closer look.
	She was on a lounge chair, on her stomach with 
her feet toward the fence and toward his storage 
shed.  His storage shed was built against the back 
fence.  He knew he could stand in the shed and look 
through a knothole into the Coles' back yard.  He'd 
done that before, just checking to see if he could 
catch a glimpse of Alice through the windows.  He 
never had.  He went downstairs and made his way 
quietly across the back yard and into his storage 
shed, very carefully closing the door behind him.
	Alice was daydreaming about sunning on the 
beach in a bikini with other people around.  It was 
an exciting thought.  Of course she'd seen other 
women that undid their tops to sunbathe, but it was 
something she'd never imagined having the courage to 
do.  But, hey, this was her back yard and she was at 
least pretending to be daring.
	She laughed a little at herself as she raised 
up, reached behind her back and undid the tiny strap 
that held the top.  
	Alan was watching.  He had only the briefest 
glimpse of the side of one breast as she undid her 
top, but it was more titillating to him than if he'd 
found her completely naked.  He pulled his shorts 
down and wrapped a hand around his stiff cock.  He 
moved his hand, sliding the skin of his penis back 
and forth against the rigid muscle underneath.
	She lay her head with her cheek on her folded 
arms.  Her breasts were pressed beneath her swelling 
from her sides in tantalizing curves.  The bottoms of 
the bikini were so high on her hips that Alan could 
enjoy the concave indention in each cheek that was 
defined by the obvious firmness of her buttocks.  He 
squeezed himself a little harder, heightening the 
sensation of his long, slow strokes.
	Alice had no idea that she was being watched, 
but she was thinking about it.  It was exciting to 
her, thinking about someone seeing her dressed in 
only the briefest of bikini bottoms.  She fantasized 
being on the beach being watched.  In her fantasy she 
slept and in her sleep, her legs parted slightly.  
She smiled to herself as she parted her legs 
slightly.  The fantasy she was engaged in caused her 
to slowly move her hips in a circular motion in 
response to the tingling pressure of arousal she felt 
in her groin.
	Alice had no idea that she was being watched, 
but she was thinking about it.  It was exciting to 
her, thinking about someone seeing her dressed in 
only the briefest of bikini bottoms.  She fantasized 
being on the beach being watched.  In her fantasy she 
slept and in her sleep, her legs parted slightly.  
She smiled to herself as she parted her legs 
slightly.  The fantasy she was engaged in caused her 
to slowly move her hips in a circular motion in 
response to the tingling pressure of arousal she felt 
in her groin.
	Alan breathed in sharply.  Geesh, he thought, 
it's almost looks like Alice knew he was there and 
was putting on a show.  That thought made him even 
hornier.  He slowed down the movement of his hand on 
his cock.  He wanted to savor the experience without 
coming too quick.
	Alice raised her head to look around.  He 
stopped stroking, afraid to make the slightest noise.  
But the sight her nipple made him start rubbing 
himself again.  The darker skin of her nipple was in 
sharp contrast to the lighter skin of her breast.  
The most exciting thing to Alan was that the nipple 
was swollen.  He started to think that maybe Alice 
was turned on.  He would have given anything to know 
what was going on in her mind.
	She was enjoying the free ranging fantasy in 
her mind.  She had raised up and glanced down.  There 
was no guessing on her part, she knew she was aroused 
and that the swollen hardness of her nipples were a 
direct result.  The slight breeze blowing across her 
nipple stimulated her even more. In her fantasy she 
was no longer innocent in her exposure to the eyes of 
strangers.  She was putting on a show.  She was 
teasing the men who watched her.  She spread her legs 
even further apart until her ankles were a couple of 
feet apart.  She thought about the hair she had seen 
in the mirror and wondered what it would look like to 
someone behind her.  She reached back and trailed a 
finger between her legs along the edge of the bathing 
suit.  She could feel the silky hair that crept from 
beneath the suit.  She smiled at the thought of what 
it must look like.
	When she spread her legs wider, Alan almost 
came.  He stared intently between her legs and could 
see the dark hair that the suit could not hide.  It 
curled from underneath in swirls that disappeared 
high up between her cheeks.  He wondered for a second 
if she had any idea what it looked like and then, 
Alice; sweet, shy, innocent, sexy Alice; reached back 
and felt herself.  It was all he could do to remove 
his hand from his twitching cock, but he had to in 
order to keep from coming.
	The only person more surprised at Alice's 
actions than Alan was Alice herself.  She was real 
excited by now.  She knew that if she were to touch 
herself, she would be wet.  How exciting it would be 
to be somewhere where she was a complete stranger to 
everybody and do this for real.  She wondered how 
women could wear such revealing bathing suits and not 
be in a constant state of arousal.  Especially those 
thongs that consisted of nothing more in the back 
than a strip of fabric so narrow it was lost in the 
cracks of the ladies that wore them.  Would she ever 
have the courage to wear such a garment?
	She looked around, and confidant that no one 
could see her, she pulled the bottom of her bathing 
suit between her cheeks.  She clenched her buttocks 
at the unusual way it felt, stimulating in a new and 
exciting way.
	Alan knew he wouldn't last for long.  He could 
sense an orgasm growing and knew that with only a 
minimal amount of manual stimulation he would be 
coming.
	Debra Fielder looked down with as much surprise 
as her husband had at the sight of Alice Cole almost 
naked in her back yard.  Debra had called her 
husband's hotel, found out he had checked out early 
and came home to see if he had made it back.  His car 
was in the driveway, but Alan was nowhere to be 
found.  She'd gone upstairs to look for him and, 
looking out the window noticed an Alice that she'd 
never seen before.  Alice was laying out in bright 
sunlight without a top on and with the bottom of her 
bathing suit pulled so tight into the crack of her 
rear that she looked naked.  Suddenly, Debra realized 
where to find her husband.
	Alice, lost in her fantasy of exhibitionism, 
spread her legs wider, dropping them over each side 
of her lounge.  There was no doubt in Alan's mind 
that this was more than sun bathing on the part of 
his neighbor.  He wasn't sure what it was exactly, 
but he liked it.  He liked it a lot.  With her legs 
that far apart he could see more hair at the sides of 
the bathing suit.  He could see her buttocks curve 
between her legs to where they flattened out, framing 
her sex.  
	He was so intent on the vision through the 
fence that he did not hear the door of the storage 
shed open. But he noticed the flash of light and spun 
around.  He stood there in maximum embarrassment, his 
shorts around his ankles; his turgid cock still 
grasped in one hand.  Debra held a finger to her lips 
to keep him from making any noise.  She had a gleeful 
smile.
	She moved to his side and looked through the 
knothole.  She understood that her husband liked 
seeing good-looking women.  She wondered whether Alan 
and Alice were playing a game with each other, but if 
so, at least a fence separated them.  
	Alan started to pull up his shorts, but she put 
a restraining hand on his arm.  Getting close she 
whispered in his ear, "Does she know you're here?"
	"No, of course not."
	She looked back through the fence.  Damn, what 
was up with Alice?  She'd never seen her friend like 
this.
	Debra put her mouth back close to her husband's 
ear.  "It's okay.  Enjoy yourself."  Debra and her 
husband had often enjoyed mutual masturbation.  At 
times, while traveling, she would masturbate while he 
drove, or she would masturbate him.  Debra enjoyed 
sex and was turned on by the situation with her 
husband and their neighbor into which she'd stumbled.  
"In fact," she whispered, "let me help while you look 
at her."
	Debra sat on the cool concrete floor, pulled 
off his shorts, and moved between her husband's legs. 
Alan blew her a kiss and moved to keep an eye on 
Alice.  His cock was harder than ever.
	He saw Alice raise her bottom, arching her 
back.  Debra took his cock in her hand.  The coolness 
of her hand as it wrapped around his heated cock 
almost made him moan out loud.
	Alice continued to fantasize about exposing 
herself to the appreciative view of others.  
Daringly, she reached underneath herself and pulled 
her bathing suit even tighter into the folds of her 
body.  It moved between the lips of her sex and she 
felt herself, imagining what it must look like.
	Alan could have told her.  Her labia were 
clearly visible on either side of the bathing suit.  
She clenched her buttocks and Alan could imagine that 
the bathing suit was not even there and that he was 
seeing her fully naked and exposed.
	He leaned against the wall, his knees weakened 
by the touch of his wife's tongue to the tip of his 
cock.  He looked down and, as always, took great 
pleasure at the sight of his wife's beautiful blonde 
hair and face as she held just the tip of his cock in 
her mouth, her hand gently stroking the length of 
him.  
	Debra was sitting back on her heels, her skirt 
riding up her legs.  She knew that her husband was 
close to coming.  She paused for a moment to remove 
her panties.  Returning her attention to her husband 
she could stroke herself.  Her finger moved between 
the lips of her sex.  With just two or three strokes, 
she felt the wetness between her legs increasing.  
Pushing a finger deeper into herself, she spread some 
of her slick, wetness to her clitoris, so that she 
could stimulate herself comfortably.
	Alan returned to watching Alice, allowing his 
wife to take care of his sexual pleasure.  Alice had 
a hand between her legs, gently tracing along the 
lips of her vagina.  She ran one finger along the 
fabric that was bunched and twisted between the folds 
of her body.  It seemed to vibrate against her and 
she rotated her hips and pressed harder against her 
hand. 
	Alan did not miss the movements she made.  His 
hips moved slightly to the same rhythm he was 
observing.  Debra felt him move and let him press 
deeper into her mouth, knowing that at this point he 
could control the timing of his orgasm better than 
she could.  She increased the pressure and movement 
between her legs, wanting to reach an orgasm more 
quickly than usual.  She could sense the coming 
orgasm of her husband and she did not want to be too 
far behind.  It was exciting to her to be between her 
husband's legs while he watched their sexy neighbor.  
Her wetness had spread under the ministrations of her 
hand.  It cooled her thighs.  She squeezed her 
buttocks trying to feel its slickness between them.
	Her mouth moved back and forth on Alan's cock.  
Her free hand cupped his balls.  She enjoyed the 
sensation of his hardness in her mouth and the soft 
weight of his testicles in her hand.
	Alice rubbed harder, pressing her bathing suit 
further into her body.  Her clitoris was pressed 
directly against the fabric.  She hunched her bottom 
higher, locking her ankles around the legs of the 
chair for leverage.  She moved her nipples across the 
course material of the lounge chair. She was no 
longer fantasizing, she was enjoying reality.
She pressed a finger inside herself.
	Alan watched Alice's finger disappear between 
her spread legs and he felt a tremor in his body that 
signaled he was about to come. 
	Debra felt her husband's cock swell in her 
mouth and the sensation and thought of what was going 
on caused hollowness in her belly that indicated she 
would soon be coming.
	Alice came as she pressed her finger into 
herself and moved in a way that caused her clit to 
rub the fabric of her bikini.  She trembled as the 
waves of her orgasm coursed from her groin to the 
tips of her fingers and toes.  She pressed down on 
her fingers, seeking to extend the orgasmic 
sensations.  As her orgasm receded she pulled her 
hand from between her legs.
	Alan did not miss her orgasm. He could tell 
that she was coming and his movements increased.  His 
wife's mouth and tongue had him on edge.  When Alice 
pulled her hand from between her legs, she rested it 
on the side of the chair.  He could see the shiny 
wetness from where her fingers had been inside her.  
That sight was all it took.  As he started to come 
his wife moved her hand to press flat against his 
buttocks, pulling him deeper into her mouth.  His 
cock swelled even more as his sperm burst into her 
mouth.
	Everything combined caused Debra to come, her 
fingers rubbing vigorously against her clit.  
	Her husband smiled at her, took her fingers in 
his hand and pressed them into his mouth to taste 
her.  
	By the time they looked back through the fence, 
Alice was just going into the house.  She had tugged 
the bikini bottoms back into place, but her breasts 
remained uncovered.
	"Wow," Debra said.
	Debra and Alan quietly went back into their 
house.  Later, each would replay the afternoon in 
their mind while making love in their bed.


