When she holds out her hand, he takes it. He follows her to the kitchen door and when she pauses in front of it, he reaches for the handle, tickles it, and the door obligingly opens. 

“I ’m afraid the knob doesn’t care for being Man Handled,” he explains and Alice giggles. 

“Well, as I’m not a man, perhaps it won’t mind my handling it!” 

Tarrant giggles with her. “My wife, the door knob would be a creation of poor taste indeed if it objects to your delightful touch.” 

“ These hands,” she replies, “are only meant to be delightful for one person.” 

“And who might that be?” 

“Who, indeed,” she muses, leading him down the flagstone path she had also requested. Tarrant waits for her to continue teasing him, perhaps with a hint or a riddle, but she does not do that. She leads him to what appears to be an arbor with grape vines climbing it. As they draw nearer, he notices that the vines are quite new – just stitched by the look of them – and as he glances through the arbor... 

He stumbles to a halt. “Alice...?” 

“My first not-random doorway. Arbor-way,” she introduces him. “I thought it might be convenient for visiting our garden.” 

“Yes, and not to discount the monumental accomplishment of convincing not one but two arbors to be so ambitious, but... that is not our garden...” No, indeed it is not for that is a pear tree, laden with purple-skinned fruit, nearly identical to the one he had offered Alice weeks ago, to the one he had watched her eat, to the one he had fallen in lust with her over, to the one that had provided the impetus for his heart to Open to her... A pear... very similar to the ones hanging from this tree had shown him Alice’s innocence and passion... and had made him Want her... 

“It is,” Alice argues. 

“No, there are no pear trees in our garden, Alice.” 

“I Sewed one,” she informs him and then he feels himself being pulled toward the arbor. Numb, he obeys his feet, which rather enthusiastically follow. 

“You...” he says, taking in the fact that here, on the other side of the arbor, Tarrant is in their garden. He chastises himself for not paying closer attention to it these last few days – he’d been so busy with Painting that is seems he’d somehow let an entire tree escape his notice! But he notices it now. 

Alice brushes her thumb over the back of his hand before disentangling hers and approaching the tree. Its leaves flutter when she places her hand on its trunk, recognizing its creator. No, there is no doubt in Tarrant’s mind: Alice had Sewn this tree. And suddenly, he understands how she had hidden it from him. 

She had always insisted on walking him through their garden to the edge of the woods (from that vantage point, this tree would have been hidden by the blueberry hedges and serviceberry trees that encircle it. In fact, the only way he could have spotted it would have been by glimpsing the arbor Alice had set up here which looks out onto the sundial and the four o’clocks. (The arbor through which they had passed merely separates the circle of tame serviceberry trees from the wild trees of the wood. Glancing over his should her confirms that Alice had created a true doorway – he sees the rear-side of their house with its flagstone path leading up to the kitchen door.) Of course, Alice had distracted him as they’d passed by this little thicket of berry trees, day after day. And she had always gone to find him to have lunch with him where he’d been Painting rather than allowing him to come here and find her ... 

“Philomena told me that it’s tradition for a Courting couple to share their feelings this way, through the Fruit of their Labors.” 

Tarrant looks away from the sundial, regards his wife’s wistful expression, and then stares at the pear tree. His mouth is suddenly dry. Surely, Alice does not mean to... 

She does. 

He watches as she reaches for a particularly succulent-looking fruit, cradles it in her hands closes her eyes and concentrates. He watches as her fingers move over the skin of the fruit, as she brings it to her mouth and nuzzles it... Tarrant feels a sudden shock of heat at the sight of his wife being... so very close with a mere piece of fruit. 

Dear Underland, but if she will attend to a pear this way... how would she nuzzle and caress him? 

Tarrant gives himself a shake. Reminds himself why he is here. Alice wishes to give him a Taste of her Feelings for him. 

A Taste... 

Does she love—? 

Tarrant slams that door to that thought shut. No, he will not think it, hope for it, expect it. He will not let her see his disappointment when he Tastes the same feelings she had Shown him through the Crown. 

He watches as she gently pulls the fruit from the branch of the tree. She holds it in both hands, her brows still beetled in focus as she steps toward him. With a final caress to the pear, she holds it out to him with an invitation. “Only if you wish to...” 

He is not sure he does. He is afraid of a lack of change even as he is curious enough to wish for a taste. Knowing Alice’s Heart had been an exquisite experience. Tasting her Feelings for him... he can only imagine how glorious that could be. He fears that despite the gloriousness of it, he will feel nothing different from her at all... It is enough to make him pause, but he does not hesitate visibly. He reaches for the pear. His fingertips brush over her palm as he takes it. He is shaking inside; so long as he does not Know or does not Taste he can imagine that Alice has grown to love him... 

He lifts the fruit to his lips, inhales, watches Alice over the curve of its skin. He opens his mouth and – holding onto it tightly lest it squirm away from him suddenly despite the fact that it shows no inclination to do so – sets his teeth against its fragrant purple skin... and bites. 

Juice explodes onto his tongue. Juice and pear flesh and he closes his eyes, chews once, twice... 

And he feels it. Alice’s regard for him infuses him with bright, blinding, brilliant intensity. 

He gasps, clamping his jaw shut and pressing the bite against the roof of his mouth with his tongue to hold it there, to keep it, to feel wave after wave of emotion rolling through him again and again and...! 

“Tarrant! Tarrant! Open your eyes! Are you all right?” 

He nods his head – a bit frantically perhaps, due to the overwhelming Muchness of Alice’s feelings – and obeys her request and looks at her. His wife leans over him – when had he fallen to his knees? – her hands on his face. He cannot see her clearly. He cannot see her expression through the fuzzy haze of heat burning his eyes. She swims in and out of focus with each pulse of light that overwhelms him. 

“No... Oh, no,” she frets. “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry. Forgive me. I must have misunderstood how to... Or I didn’t concentrate enough and... I’m so, so sorry!” 

Tarrant leans into her shoulder, inhales against her fragrant neck as she embraces him. Still, clutching the pear, he wraps his arms around her and pulls her close, sitting back on his rump and hauling her into his lap. 

“I just wanted to tell you... I love you,” she whispers. 

He shakes his head in the space between her neck and shoulder. 

“I do !” she insists. “Please, you must believe me! These last few weeks have been the happiest of my life and I love you!” 

“Nay,” he chokes out, swallowing the half-chewed bite of pear flesh. “Nay... Ye Love me, Alice,” he whispers, grasping her closer. “Ye Love me...” 

She relaxes against him, her softer body melting into his. “I do.” Her whisper stirs his hair ; How can she Love him with such frizzy, disordered, orange hair? – but she does! 

“I love you, Tarrant Hightopp, my husband.” 

He sobs then, for those words, all together and in that order have made it True. He presses his tear-wetted lips against her skin, her hair, her tunic... Alice Loves him. 

The pear from the tree that Alice had Sewn speaks for her, and it Speaks the truth. He still tastes it on his tongue! 

And when he realizes that his fingers are still locked around the bitten fruit, he sobs again. For he realizes that Alice had given him not just one Taste but many... and the tree! Why, if he ever desires to Taste her Feelings again... Is he a fool to think that all he would have to do is ask? 

Perhaps he is. He is an old, married Fool. And his wife is Alice and she Loves him... and if that is what it means to be a Fool, he will be one gladly. In fact, there is nothing and no one in all the worlds that he would rather be!