What Uncle Jack Did At Thanksgiving
By Ewong

Oh, man. Where do I even begin? Well I guess I should give an introduction. I’m Alice. That’s all you should know because everything I’m about to tell you is true and I don’t want you to figure out who I am, ok?

You see, my parents always invite our relatives over for Thanksgiving. As a kid, I’ve always felt the day was just like that Norman Rockwell painting. Now that I’m a senior in high school, it feels more like an excuse for people to gorge on food and sleep half the day away. Not me of course. I have a figure to maintain, so I normally eat just a slice of turkey (white meat) and a scoop of stuffing and mashed potatoes. I don’t even eat dessert.

Anyways, my relatives are all younger than me. My father is the oldest of his siblings so my cousins range from my age to ten years old. My aunts and uncles are older than me, but only by fifteen years at the most. This makes them think they can identify with me rather than my father for some reason. On my mother’s side, she only has a brother that never married. He is my Uncle Jack. He’s forty-five years old and gets along with my other aunts and uncles just fine.

Why am I telling you all this? Well, Uncle Jack single-handedly ruined my life forever. I’m not sure how it happened, but I’ll tell you what I can remember.

The night before Thanksgiving, Uncle Jack arrived as happy as ever, bearing gifts for everyone. I got a new mp3 player while my parents got a new blu ray player. We thanked him before showing him to the guest room that would be his until Sunday. The night passed without any abnormal activities. Those started the following morning.

He woke us all up at dawn, which none of us wanted to do, but since he was our guest, we managed to oblige. The rest of the family didn’t take it too well, but they figured it was in the spirit of the holiday to treat everyone like family. He sat us down in the living room and announced that he’d registered our family for the annual Thanksgiving parade in town. EVERYONE was shocked since the parade was today, and we’d have to be there in less than an hour. But that wasn’t the biggest shock.

We had to be in costume. At first I figured we’d all be pilgrims since we didn’t have a drop of native blood amongst us. As Uncle Jack handed my older relatives their pilgrim costumes, I thought I was safe, but then I saw the brown leather and feathers being handed to my young cousins. As everyone on either side of me changed, I wondered which side I’d be on. Uncle Jack walked up to me with a smile on his face and handed me an Indian costume!

He apologized, saying there had to be an equal amount of pilgrims and natives and the natives had to be younger than the pilgrims. I nearly died when he showed me what I’d be wearing. It was little more than a leather bikini like the girl in that old movie with the dinosaurs. I saw that it had no place to conceal any underwear, which I thought was odd, but had to go excuse myself to the restroom to put it on. My uncle warned me that we had to leave soon so I couldn’t take too long putting it on.

As I closed the door behind me, I couldn’t believe I was being made to wear this. I hoped that if I just waited long enough, they’d leave without me, but a part of me knew that the entire family was doing this so I should too, especially being the oldest of the kids, I had to set a good example. I first took off my pajama pants and panties to don the loincloth. Thankfully, the front and back panels were actually made of one long strip so I’d have something covering my bits. The front and back were able to drape thanks to the way the waistband tied around it. I had to pull the strip between my legs and hold the ends up above my waist before tying the waistband around my hips. Once secured, I let go of the strip and the ends fell to create the loincloth. To my embarrassment, the strip didn’t seem long enough to hide much since the loincloth came down to just under the vital areas, which were at least covered by the leather strip. Finishing my outfit from the waist down, I pulled on the moccasins and stood up.

I had to take off my pajama top and put on the leather vest. The darn thing came down to just under my breasts and it wasn’t even able to close completely! Thankfully, it had a leather lace to tie it instead of buttons or Velcro. However, the result was that my breasts were pushed up and together, creating a generous amount of cleavage that I wasn’t comfortable with. Since the vest didn’t close, a lot of my breasts were on show, but not enough to make anyone but me blush. At least the fringes along the bottom of the vest helped to cover part of my bare belly, but my midriff was still exposed. The outfit was complete with a leather headband with a few feathers sticking up. Sighing in disbelief, I walked out to show my family.

My parents couldn’t believe what they saw, but nobody said anything. I was hoping Uncle Jack would apologize for it being so revealing and let me sit the parade out, but no such comment was made and we were filing into the van before I could protest. I sat next to my younger cousins, Alex and April, who were twins and also the youngest of the lot at ten years old. They told me I looked pretty and I blushed, I’m sure. They had their hair braided tin pigtails to make them look more like the stereotypical native girls, and they offered to do the same for me. I didn’t have time to disagree before they got to work. My mom quickly gave us some face paint to sell the native look and before I knew it, we were at the parade.

The float we were to be sitting on was made to resemble the first Thanksgiving. A large table filled with (fake) food adorned with various flowers and such made it look positively breathtaking. The pilgrims sat on one side and the natives on the other. Since I was the oldest of the natives, I was chosen to be the native leader, who would sit in the center, opposite the pilgrim leader, who happened to be Uncle Jack. As the rest of the kids sat next to me, I realized they were wearing the same outfit as me. I mean, EXACTLY the same. Down to the size! Uncle Jack had given me the same costume as my ten-year-old cousins! No wonder it was small on me.

I was consoled by the fact that the table hid my lower half from view, but then realized that since the pilgrims were seated in the front of the float looking back, my backside would be visible to everyone as we rode past. I almost wanted to jump off the float and run all the way home. But with my family staring at me, I felt I had to just endure it.

As the parade started, we were told to wave to the crowd. I wasn’t sure if it was a good idea with my outfit, but I waved as cheerfully as I could to everyone we passed. I heard a few gasps as we passed by people, and I understood it must be because of my loincloth not really covering much. As time wore on, I realized my vest was becoming looser, so I looked down and saw the lace was coming loose! With every wave of my hand, I was getting closer to exposing myself. I brought my hand down so I could wave, but not as energetically as before. With my free hand, I held the vest to hopefully stop the inevitable from happening during the parade.

Once we got to the end of the route, I wanted to run as fast as I could to the nearest restroom and fix my top. However, as I got up, the leather strip must have gotten snagged on the bench and began to tug the strip free of the waistband. With my luck, it was snagged right on the gusset so the front and back began to pull free. I immediately sat down and tried to think of what to do. I could try to pull the strip free and risk my top failing, or I can save my top at the expense of the loincloth. While I was fretting about, a photographer from the local paper wanted to get a picture of the loving family that volunteered for the parade. As the pilgrims lined up behind me, the natives were instructed to stand as well. Of course, I couldn’t in my outfit’s condition. Uncle Jack, who was right behind me, wouldn’t have any of it. He figured I was just shy because of my costume and demanded I stand with the family.

Of course, I refused, but that didn’t go over well. The next few moments went by in slow motion. I was seated, and then I felt his hands on my wrists. He began to pull me up, which caused the leather strip to resume sliding away from the waistband. His arms pulled my hands away from my chest as I felt the loincloth fall away. I closed my eyes un horror until I heard a ripping sound and I looked down to see my bare breasts spring out of my broken top. As I looked up in surprise, I saw the flash of the camera, and knew I was doomed. I immediately broke free of my uncle’s hands and ran away. Of course, not knowing where to go while covering my breasts and privates, it took me a few minutes to find a port-o-john where I could lock myself inside. My parents found me and my dad gave me his coat to wear to the car.

Thinking the worst was over, I went home knowing the newspaper couldn’t print that photo. Of course, I was proven wrong when just this morning, a censored version of the photo was in the paper, along with a list of my family’s names and of course my own. They even had the gall to put “(naked girl)” next to my name in case anyone wanted to know. So, now I have to figure out what I’m going to do when school begins Monday. I’ve been toying with the idea of either running away or faking my death. Uncle Jack has offered to take me away to live with him the next county over, but I think I’m going to decline. At least when I’m here I know I’ll be able to stay dressed!

The End
