A Walk in the Park with Forgetful Lilly
Triple V


Lilly’s POV

Today is a great day for a walk. It has been raining for the past week. I really need to stretch my legs and get some fresh air. I’m standing in front of my closet trying to decide what to wear. This isn’t going to be too difficult because right now all I have is a t-shirt that says “Born Purrrfect” and two white summer dresses. I can eliminate the shirt because I don’t have any shorts, pants, or skirts to wear with it. We really need to do some laundry.

I’m about put the dress on when I hear Alex knock on my door. I tell her to come in. She’s wearing a tight pink shirt and short shorts. She asks me if I’m almost ready and if she can borrow some lotion. I throw the dress on my bed and head to the bathroom. Let’s see where did I put…Ah there it is! When I hand her the lotion she has this mischievous smile on her face. I wonder what that could mean. I slip on the dress, but something seems a bit off. I can’t quite put my finger on it.

I ask Claire if she would like to join me. She politely declines and says that she’s probably going to relax in the hot tub. We exit the house and start walking. Wow, what a nice breeze today. As Alex and I head toward the park we talk about different stuff like TV, movies, books, and so on so forth. About ten minutes later we enter the park. Surprisingly, there isn’t as many people as I thought there would be. Occasionally I stop to pick flowers that I see on the path. We come across a hotdog vender, so we decided to stop and have some lunch.

We got our hotdogs and right before I pay the vender Alex accidentally drops her sunglasses. Luckily they don’t break. They end up bouncing behind me so I bend down and pick them up. When I try and hand the money to the girl she said “That’s okay, it on the house.” That was really nice of her. We sit under a tree to eat our hotdogs. I can’t ever begin to tell you how peaceful it is out here. After we finish our hotdogs we continued our walk.

I look to the sky and see a plane skywriting. It doesn’t look like they’re trying to spell anything. They’re just flying around making different shapes. I asked Alex if she was seeing this, but when I turn around she gone. After a few seconds I spot her. She’s behind a bush and looking at some kind of clothe. I walk over to her and ask her if she’s okay. I must have startled her because she jumps slightly and drops whatever it was she was holding. She quickly says that she was fine. I point up into the sky to show her the skywriting. She seemed frigidly for some reason. Then she pointed up and says “Hey, look at that!” I quickly at see the plane making a smiley face. Wow, that person is really good. I look back at Alex who seems to be calmer now. What was up with her before?

I glance at my watch and it says 3:36pm. Wow, we’ve been here for two and a half hours. I guess we should start heading back now. It has been another fantastic day. I hope Claire is enjoying her day as much as Alex and I have.

Alex’s POV

I just wake up and I’m now standing naked in my room. Today Lilly and I are taking a walk in the park. I look in my closet and grab the only shirt available, pink. Next, I grab a pair of shorts. They’re actually short shorts, but there’s nothing I can do about it considering they are the only pair I have right now. I get dressed and head toward Lilly’s room.

I knock on her door and hear her say come in. I open the door and see Lilly in front of her bed naked. Awesome, she hasn’t had time to get dressed yet. Let’s see what she has pick out…a knee-length dress, oh that wouldn’t do at all. How I am suppose to have fun with Lilly if she wears a dress that goes to her knees. I see in her closet that she has another dress that’s identically to this one, except it’s much shorter. I need to swap them without Lilly seeing me do it. Thinking fast I ask Lilly if I can borrow some lotion. While she’s looking for it I swiftly replace the long dress for the short one. She hands me the lotion and I can’t help but smile.

We head outside and start our walk in the park. There’s a nice breeze today. So nice that it’s constantly flipping the back of Lilly’s skirt. This is going to be a fun day. We have a lovely little chat as we near the park entrance. Lilly sometimes stops to pick flowers. As she bents over the breeze blows her skirt completely over her ass, and when she straightens up it going back down. I have to stop myself from giggling.

After much walking we stop at a hotdog cart for lunch. The cart owner was a cute girl who looked like was around our age with shoulder-length blonde hair and bright blue eyes. I’m going to have some fun with her. After getting the hotdogs I take my sunglasses and drop them on the ground. Seeing I have my hands full Lilly offers to get them. She turns around and bends down to pick them up. When she does her skirt rides up over her ass again giving the girl a nice unobstructed view. She must have been pleased with the display because she gave us the hotdogs for free. We sit under a tree and enjoy our free lunch.

After relaxing for a little bit we start walking again. Lilly sees something in the sky. Looks like someone’s skywriting…All of a sudden I feel my shorts fall to my ankles. I immediately pull them back up, but as soon as I let go the fall back down again. Great, I’m bottomless at the park. I better get out of the open before someone sees me. I try running to the shrubbery, but trip because my shorts are still around my ankles. Man, am I an idiot. I scoop up my shorts and rush over to the shrubbery.

Feeling somewhat covered I take a closer examination of the short’s elastic waistband…these have been cut through!…Claire. Suddenly I hear Lilly call my name. I jump and accidentally drop my shorts. She asks me if I’m ok. It seems that she can’t tell I’m naked from the waist down. She starts pointing out the skywriting. I’m like “oh, wow, that’s amazing”, but I really want her to turn around so I can put my shorts back on. Couple of minutes and she is still talking. Don’t get me wrong I love Lilly and everything, but I need to think of something to distract her before someone sees my bare naked ass.

Finally I use the oldest trick in the book. I say “Hey, look at that!” and it worked. While Lilly was trying to figure out what she was looking for I slip my shorts back on. I have to keep a firm hand on them or they’ll slip down again. Then I hear more tearing sounds. I look at my shoulders and notice the shirt coming undone as well. I better not make any jerky movements, or I’ll end up naked. Claire’s good, but I’m better. I’ll get her back sooner than she thinks because I’ve arranged a little surprise of my own.

Claire’s POV

Lilly and Alex just left so now I have the whole house to myself for the next few hours. I’m about to head upstairs to get change into my bikini when I pass by the laundry room. There’s a huge pile of clothes. Maybe I should start the laundry before I relax. I separate the colors and put them in the washing machine. I look down at my outfit. Maybe I should throw these in as well especially since I’ve been wearing this shirt and shorts for two days. I’m going to have to strip to chance into my bikini anyway. Besides no one’s here to see me prancing around naked. Without hesitation I pull the shirt over my head, slipped down my shorts, and toss them in the machine. Hehehe, I’m naked in laundry room. 

Ah, it feels so freeing to walk around naked. I’m tempted to go skinny dipping, but I better not since our fence is down while we’re doing some landscaping. I take my time heading upstairs. I reach my room and put on my black bikini. I look for a towel but they’re all in the laundry. I don’t need one. I grab my sunglasses and exit the house. As I walk to the hot tub I start wondering if Alex’s clothes gave out yet. I crank the knobs for the jets all the way up, and I let myself sink into the water. This feels great.

After an hour I decide to get out. I turn the jet knobs to the off position. When the jets die down and as I’m about to walk away I see something in the corner of my eye. There are black pieces floating in the water. Funny, I don’t remember seeing these when I got in here. I fish out a piece and take a close look at it. This looks like part of a…bikini…OH MY GOSH! THIS IS MY BIKINI! I look down to confirm it. AAAH, I’M NAKED! HOW DID I NOT NOTICE I WAS NAKED! Ok, Claire calm down and keep your head on straight. How did this happen...wait a second I know what this is. This is one of those GET NAKED BIKINIS dissolving bikinis I saw on the internet once. Cool, it really works…What am I saying? I got to get inside before somebody sees me in all my naked glory.

I make a mad dash to the door, but it won’t budge. Locked…why are doors always locked when you don’t want them to be locked. I better go around front. I carefully make my way to the front door. I’m get to the door when I hear someone calling my name. I turn to see our twenty-one year old next door neighbor Sun walking her dog, Cuddles. She smiles as she asks me why I’m naked. While attempting to cover myself I tell her it was a prank. Then she says that it looks like fun and that we should feel free to prank her anytime we want and walks along. O…k. That was…weird.

With all the craziness done I finally I get inside. I lean against the door and breathe a sign of relief. Then I remember that I’m leaning on a glass door and my naked ass is still visible to the neighborhood. I hurry and close the main door. Even though I just love exposing myself I should get dressed before…my thought is interrupted as I see Lilly and Alex standing in front of me. Well, so much for getting dressed before they got home. I try to cover myself as I make my way to the laundry room. I can see that Alex’s own clothes are hanging on by mere threads so maybe I should help them out. As I walk by I grab a handful of the shirt and shorts, and give them a good hard yank. They come off with ease and Alex is left standing there naked like me. She screams and runs upstairs completely forgetting that she has no clothes left. She’s going to have to come down soon or later because I’m not bringing her any.


I hope you enjoy this as much as I did writing it. Please review. Again sorry if the grammar is off. My next story will be a little different. It’s going to only feature Alex, but Lilly and Claire will be mention. It will be short, but hopefully good.

Check out my next story about Alex’s first solo adventure: Alex’s Own Personal Experiment
