Susan's Firsts
by Kalavo

When September rolled around, I started classes at Cal State-Northridge. I hadn't decided on a major yet, but figured I had time since I needed to get through all of the basic prerequisites first. I had always enjoyed school and did really well getting A's on my exams and papers. I continued dancing at the club on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays, but hadn't shot a scene in quite a while. My DVD was selling very well and was bringing in some nice money for me.

As I figured would happen, my Mom came to my apartment on a Thursday evening. Before I opened my door, I braced myself for an awkward evening. When I opened my door, she swooped in and tried to hug me, but I pushed her away. She looked hurt but I didn't care. We stood and stared at each other for a while until I asked, "What do you want Joyce?" I could tell that my tone and using her name instead of Mom struck home with her.

I could see tears welling up in her eyes as she replied, "I just want to talk. Can we do that?"

I indicated that she should sit in the chair and then I sat on my bed as I asked, "What do you want to talk about?"

"Well, mostly I want to apologize to you. Your Dad and I talked for 5 hours after he came home when he saw you that night in August. He told me where he saw you and what you did there. He also told me in detail what the two of you talked about. He felt terrible that he didn't realize it was your birthday. After he finished telling me everything we both came to the conclusion that you were right, we have been the worst parents we could have possibly been.

"We should have never made you leave Chicago during your senior year, I'm really very, very sorry about that. We didn't think things through very well, obviously. I hope you'll be able to forgive us someday. So, what can we do to make things right? Frankly, I haven't a clue."

I was kind of shocked that she had apologized so forthrightly, but I was still harboring hard feelings and it was going to take a lot more than 'I'm sorry' to bridge the gulf between us. So, I said, "I don't know what it will take if anything. My anger with you two is so deeply rooted right now. Your apologizing was a good first step, but beyond that I don't know."

She had a grim sort of smile and then said, "Yeah, a very small step. I know the word sorry doesn't really mean too much, but you have to believe me when I say that the feelings behind it are heartfelt. I know I didn't show it very well, but I do love you and I hate that I caused you so much pain."

I made us a couple of salads for dinner as we talked for hours. At one point she said, "I watched your DVD's, well, the first two. It's kind of hard for a mother to watch her daughter have sex. I was wondering if what you said in the first one was true about your virginity."

"It was. I was a very good girl in Chicago and hadn't even kissed a boy let alone have sex with one. I was so lonely at school here because I just couldn't seem to break into any groups to have friends. When I read about porn houses here looking for actresses, I decided my good girl days were over figuring that would hurt you the most when you found out. I was all about revenge for my fucked up life here.

"I took some pictures of myself and told a bunch of porn houses I was willing to lose my virginity in a porn film if the price was right. I got several of them in a bidding war and ended up doing the first two scenes for $200,000. The first two were so popular, the studio wanted to do more revolving around firsts for me, so we negotiated until I signed a contract for 7 more scenes at $20,000 a pop plus 5% for every DVD sold.

"So, I've made over $300,000, less taxes, doing porn and stripping. I've discovered I'm a bit of an exhibitionist and love both jobs. I really love sex and have loved everything I've done in my DVD's."

"You know you can't do those things forever. What about the future?"

"I'm taking classes at Cal State Northridge though I haven't decided on a major yet."

"How about business management like your Dad?"

I scowled and said, "After what business has done to us, there is no way I'm doing that!"

My Mom hung out with me for 6 hours talking about all sorts of things. By the time she left I felt a lot better about my relationship with her. Just as she was walking out the door, she stopped abruptly, turned and said, "I almost forgot, I wanted to give this to you in lieu of missed birthdays and as a token of our love for you." I opened the box and was dazzled by a beautiful diamond pendant on a silver chain. I looked up at my Mom at a loss for words as she said, "This belonged to my mother and to her mother. Cherish it." I couldn't help myself as I grabbed my Mom and gave her a bear hug. She hugged me back and whispered in my ear, "I love you, honey. Never doubt that. I may do foolish things, but just remember I love you!"

I started crying and said, "I love you too, Mom. I'm sorry I've been such a brat."

She held me at arm's length, smiled at me with tears in her eyes and said, "You have nothing to apologize for, honey."

My relationship with my parents improved markedly over time and we began spending some time together. They never said another word about being in porn or stripping, which I figured they sidestepped to avoid alienating me again.

School went well and after my first year I decided on a double major of Psychology, focusing on human sexuality, and Cinema and Television Arts. All through school I continued dancing on the weekends and during the summer I would shoot 5 scenes with Porn Parade. I was making money hand over fist and had amassed a pretty tidy savings account and investment portfolio.

During my last semester at Northridge, I took an Eastern European literature course to complete a humanities elective. It was interesting with books by Gunter Grass, Milan Kundera, Alexander Solzhenitsyn and others. I was sitting next to a good looking guy who looked a bit older than the rest of us. We began greeting each other before class and after the third one he asked me to join him for coffee after class.

I found out that his name was Tim, that he was in the MBA program and that he always took literature classes to discover new authors to read. We talked for two hours straight with no lulls at all. When he asked about me, I was sketchy about my life and what I was up to for obvious reasons. I had a really good time with him which led us to having coffee after our remaining classes.

After about 6 classes he said, "I have a couple of tickets to the LA Philharmonic on Saturday night and was wondering if you'd like to go with me?"

Wow! I was being asked out on a date! "Uh, yeah, uh, I'd like that that. I'll have to get that night off work, but that should be no problem. What time?"

"If it's alright I'll pick you up at 5:30 and then take you to dinner before the concert."

"Yeah, that would, be, uh great. Let me give you my address. I've never been to a classical concert, so what should I wear?"

"An evening gown would be best."

"Okay. I'll look forward to it."

I walked to my car in a daze. As I drove home I decided I needed to talk to someone and get some advice, so I pulled over and called Robin. When she answered the phone I asked, "Are you at the studio because I really need to talk to you."

"There's nothing wrong is there?"

"No, I just need some advice on something that just came up."

"Okay, I'm in my office at the studio. Come on over."

I made a beeline for the Porn Parade studios and went directly to Robin's office. When I walked in she smiled up at me for a moment until she saw my face. "What's going on? You look like you just saw a ghost."

I sat in a chair and said, "It's worse than that. A guy I've become friends with at school just asked me out on a date to see the LA Philharmonic on Saturday."

"Okay...so you're going on a date."

I laughed and said, "I have never been on a date before! Plus, I really like this guy, so I'm afraid he'll find out what I do and, oh fuck, why did I say yes!"

Robin smiled at me and said, "Okay, take it easy. Is he taking you to dinner?"

"Yeah. He also said I should wear an evening gown. I've never owned an evening gown!"

"Alright, first things first. I'm going to call Robert and tell him you need the weekend off so we can get you a dress and shoes tomorrow and then Saturday I'll take you to salon and get your hair and nails done."

She picked up the phone and put it on speaker when Robert answered. The two of the chatted for a couple of moments and then Robin said, "So, Suzy needs to get the weekend off because she's been asked out on a date."

"Yeah, so?" Robert replied.

"Yeah, it's the first date she's ever been on, so we need to make it special. Alright?"

Robert chuckled and said, "Okay, fine. Tell her to have a good time."

Next Robin called the salon she uses and made an appointment for me to have my hair and nails done on Saturday at 10am. With that finished she said, "I'll come fetch you tomorrow around 1 and will take you dress and shoe shopping. I know the perfect stores for you. So, does this guy know about your jobs?"

"No, I've been pretty vague about what I do. He knows I work weekends, but he hasn't pressed me for details. Do you think I should tell him?"

Robin thought for a few seconds and then said, "You should eventually, but wait until you see if things will go further. No sense blowing things up right away. Enjoy yourself for now."

I thanked Robin for her help and being a friend and headed for home. Later I checked the LA Philharmonic website to see what pieces they were going to play. They were going to perform a Mozart symphony, a violin concerto by Bruch and Barber's Adagio for Strings. I wasn't familiar with either Bruch or Barber, but I had always liked the Mozart I had heard, so I was confident I'd like the performance.

Robin and I decided on a navy blue satin evening dress and matching heels. Robin said I looked really good and very sexy. I asked her if I looked trashy because I didn't want to come off that way. She smiled and said, you'll look elegant and very attractive. Your date will be panting with desire when he sees you."

On Saturday at the salon, Robin, the hairdresser and myself discussed how I should have my hair. When I moved to LA it was pretty short, but I had allowed it to grow over the years so it was down past my shoulders now. I didn't want it super short and I wanted to keep the ability to pull it into a pony tail, so we worked around those criteria. What we came up with was both elegant and practical. As far as my nails went, I wasn't a fan of the uber dark nail craze and traditional red and pinks wouldn't look good with my dress, so we went with a clear polish and a short trim.

When I got home, I had several hours before Tim was due to pick me up. I was extremely nervous, so I looked at some of my investments for a while. That didn't last long, so I decided to call my Mom. We had made up and talked together at least once a week. If there was ever a time for a mother's love this was it!

"Hey honey, what's up?"

"Hey Mom, I just needed to talk to you. I have a date tonight with a guy from school. You're not going to believe this, but this will be the first date I've ever been on and I'm nervous as hell."

"There's nothing to be nervous about. Dates are a means for people to get to know one another away from the day to day norm. Believe it or not, it's a chance to evaluate a future mate by observing their manners, tastes and feelings towards you and vice versa. Just relax and be yourself."

"Okay, I guess what you say makes sense."

"Does your date know your, um, vocation?"

I chuckled and replied, "No, not yet. No sense scaring the poor guy off right away. If things develop in a positive way, I'll have to tell him, but not right now."

"Well, when you do, be sure to tell him about how we treated you and how that influenced your decisions. That will help him understand your motivations. He may not like us after he hears your story, but we aren't the important ones here, you are."

"Oh god, Mom, I don't want to throw you and Dad under the bus anymore."

"Honey, we deserve it for being such fuck ups and for driving you to such an extreme reaction, so use it. I'm sure he will understand."

I had to laugh and asked, "So Mom, such a colorful metaphor! I've never heard you use 'fuck' before."

She laughed and said, "Sometimes you have to use words that fit the conversation. I learned that from you! Now relax and have fun tonight, okay?"

"Thanks Mom, I will. I love you."

"I love you too, honey."

My conversation with my Mom calmed me down a lot, so I relaxed took a shower and got dressed. There wasn't much to getting dressed because we had decided that wearing underwear wasn't an option with this particular dress. When I had the dress and shoes on, I put on the pendant that was handed down by the women in my family. It stopped just shy of the modest amount of cleavage I was showing.

Right at six my buzzer went off, so I buzzed Tim in and waited for him to knock on my door. When he knocked, I answered and was taken aback by the handsome visage in a tuxedo before me. I wasn't the only one staring as he looked at me with eyes wide. Finally, he broke the silence and said, "My god, Sue, you're beautiful. Er, I didn't mean that you aren't always beautiful because you are, but right now you are taking my breath away despite my rambling."

I laughed and said, "I could say the same thing because you look incredibly handsome."

We both laughed at ourselves for a moment and then he asked, "Are you ready?" I indicated I was and took the arm that was offered to me. I was led to a Rolls Royce limousine and as he helped me in he said that he hired it so that we could drink if we wanted to.

As we rode I couldn't believe how quiet it was in the car. We made chit chat for a few minutes until I said, "I have a confession to make, this is the first date I have ever been on."

"You're kidding! I would have thought that someone as pretty as you would have to beat men away with a stick. So, how did this happen?"

"Well, when I lived in Chicago, my parents kept a tight rein on me and told me that the only thing boys wanted was to get into my panties. The experience of some of my classmates reaffirmed what my parents said, so I never took any of the requests from boys up. When we moved to LA in my senior year, I didn't make any friends, so kept to myself and studied. After high school I worked a lot, so didn't have the time. Oh, and thank you for the nice complement."

Tim blushed a bit and said, "Well, you are very pretty and thank you for trusting me enough to go out with me. I promise to do nothing that will alter that trust."

The ride downtown went quickly and soon we were pulling up to La Maison du Goût. A doorman opened our door as we pulled up to the front of the restaurant. I took Tim's arm as we walked in. The Maître d' greeted Tim by name and the two had a conversation in French for a couple of minutes and then we were led to a table in a corner. As we sat, the Maître d' put my napkin on my lap and then presented me with a menu and then did the same for Tim. They spoke again for a few seconds and then Tim asked, "Would you like some champagne?" I nodded and then the Maître d' left.

Tim looked at me and said, "I apologize for talking with Maurice so much. It gives me a chance to use my French and he likes that I speak it."

"You have nothing to apologize for. I was impressed that you spoke so fluently. Where did you learn it?"

"We lived in France from the time I was two until I was eleven. Actually, French was my first language though my parents made sure I learned English as well."

"Wow, did you like living in France? Where were you?"

"We lived in Paris and I loved it. I had so many friends and the food was so good. Even the simplest thing like a ham and cheese sandwich there was so superior to anything we get here."

"Have you kept in touch with any of your friends?"

"There are three that I've stayed in touch with and visit whenever I'm there or when they come here."

At this time the wine steward approached out table with a bucket and a couple of flutes. He showed the bottle to Tim who nodded his approval and then popped the cork and poured two glasses for us. When the steward left, Tim held his glass up and said, "Here's to your first date, I hope it's memorable one." We touched glasses and then sipped the wine.

I had never had champagne before and had to say I loved my first experience. I looked at Tim and said, "If the evening keeps up like this, it will be very memorable. Thank you."

I looked at the menu and didn't really understand any of it and I think Tim saw my confusion, so he said, "Would you trust me to order for us?" I nodded so he then asked, "Is there anything you don't like food wise or are you open to anything?"

"I'll eat anything, so go ahead."

Tim and the waiter bantered back and forth for a while and then the waiter left with a smile. When he left a couple of men swooped down on our table and began removing plates, glasses and utensils.

We had a good time eating and talking. The food was marvelous with wonderful flavors I had never encountered. I wasn't much of a drinker and I didn't want to get drunk for the rest of the night, so I think we wasted quite a bit of wine because I only had the one glass of champagne and one glass of a Bordeaux that Tim ordered. I noticed that he didn't drink much either.

When we had finished we were whisked a few blocks over to the Walt Disney Concert Hall, a very striking building with large swooping panels of stainless steel. When we got inside I was struck by how different the interior was to the exterior. There was lots of wood and muted red lights illuminating the stage. An usher showed us to our row and then directed us to the middle where our seats were. We were seated behind a small partition between about 5 rows of seats in front of us. I was guessing that these were pretty prime seats.

The concert was fantastic and I especially like the Bruch violin concerto. The performer was a woman named Hilary Hahn who was, to my inexperienced ear, absolutely wonderful. When the concert had finished, I saw that she was signing autographs in the lobby, so I talked Tim into letting me get her signature. She was very personable and friendly and thanked me for the complement I paid her.

After the concert we went to a bar and talked about the concert over drinks. Tim chuckled when I ordered a Coke. Finally, we headed for my place and when we arrived, he walked me to my door and kissed me good night. I thanked him for a magical evening. He asked if he could ask me out again and I told him I'd love it, but he had to keep in mind that I worked on Friday and Saturday nights.

When I was in bed I thought about the whole night and had to admit to myself that it was the best time I had ever had and I looked forward to many more dates with Tim.

The next day Robin called and asked me how it went and I told her it was wonderful and described the whole night to her. When I mentioned where we ate, she said, "That is the most exclusive restaurant in LA!" Later on, my Mom called and I went through the same conversation with her.

As the year progressed I kept on dancing on weekends and would go on dates with Tim on Wednesday's, usually. During the last week of classes before I was going to graduate, Tim asked me out on a Wednesday evening. During the whole time we had been dating, he never once tried to have sex with me. I was more than willing, but I thought maybe he had some reasons not to. Anyway, after dinner we went for a walk on a beach and at one point he stopped, took both of my hands in his, looked me in the eye and said, "Sue, I have never felt about any woman like I feel about you. I've fallen in love with you and have to confess that I've kept a secret from you. You have probably figured out that I'm doing pretty well money wise, but the truth is I'm really rich, like billionaire rich. The reason I haven't said anything is because women either get scared by that or can't wait to get their fingers on the pot of gold.

"During our time together, I've concluded that you are neither type, so I would like to ask you..."

"Um, Tim before you go any further, I need to tell you that I've kept a secret from you as well and I'm afraid you won't like me too much when you hear it. The truth is, oh god." I began crying but continued, "The truth is that I'm a porn actress and my weekend job is dancing at the Pink Kitty strip club. My stage name is Suzy Sweet, if you want to see my work on line."

He stood and stared at me gape mouthed and tried to talk a couple of times but nothing came out. I was afraid of what he was going to say, so I turned around and ran for the parking lot. There weren't any cabs around so I just started walking as I pondered my ruined life. I had fallen in love with Tim as well and I couldn't give a hang about his money.

I walked and walked until it was quite late. I didn't want to go home so I called an Uber and had him take me to my parents place. It was around 11pm as I rang the doorbell. My Dad answered and when he saw my condition, he cried out, "Oh Sue, are you alright?"

I burst out in tears again as my Mom came down the stairs, she pulled me into the house, hugged me and said, "There, there. Let's go up to your room and talk about it."

She led me to my old bedroom that still looked the same as the day I left. We lay on the bed together as she continued to hold me while I cried. When my tears finally ebbed, she said, "Tell me what happened."

"Oh Mom, Tim and I had had dinner and were walking on a beach when he stopped and began telling me how he loved me and how he had kept a secret from me. He told me he was very rich and was about to ask me to marry him. So, I stopped him, told him I had kept a secret from him as well and told him about my jobs. He just stared at me, so I began crying and ran away. Why am I such a fuck up?" I began crying again. My Mom held me tight through the night, even when I had fallen asleep.

I called in sick to the club and spent the weekend at my parents place. My parents made up for all of their mistakes during that weekend as they helped me get past my trauma with Tim. By Sunday I was feeling better, plus I needed to get home so I could go to class on Monday. Once I got home I sat down to study because we had finals coming up.

I had been studying for a couple of hours when my door buzzer went off. When I answered the intercom, it was Tim, "Hi Sue, can I come up please?" I buzzed him in and waited by my open door. He gave me a wan smile and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek as he passed me coming in. After I closed the door, I turned around as Tim asked, "Can we talk?"

"Yeah, please have a seat. Would you like something to drink?"

"Thank you. But no," he said as he sat. "I just want to apologize for being an idiot. It took incredible courage for you to tell me what you did and I responded like a total moron. In my defense I was a bit shocked, but that's no excuse to behave the way I did. I hope you will forgive me.

"I ran after you after a few seconds, but you must run really fast because I couldn't find you anywhere. I came here, but you didn't answer the buzzer nor answer your phone. I hung out until 10 that night, but no lights came on in your apartment and you never showed up. I was really worried something may have happened to you and was going to contact the police if you didn't answer your door today.

I want you to know that I love you no matter what jobs you have had, or still have for that matter. The only thing that matters to me is that you are safe and that I want to spend the rest of my life with you. So, will you marry me?"

I sat on my bed stunned for a few seconds and mulled his proposal. I decided he needed to know exactly who he was marrying and how that may come back to bite him, so I said, "I love you too, Tim. I have never said those words to anyone but my parents. I think you are wonderful and I love being with you, but you have to consider how my past may come back to haunt you.

"I've been making porn films for four years and have made dozens of them. I have had sex with men and women in multiple ways and often with multiple partners in multiple holes. I stripped at the Pink Kitty for the same amount of time. Eventually, someone will put two and two together and figure out your wife was/is a slut. Do you think you could handle that notoriety?"

Tim stood up, walked over and sat down next to me on my bed and said, "Yes! As long as I'm with you I can handle anything, besides if things get too weird we can always go live somewhere else." He then reached into his pocket and grabbed a small box, got down on a knee at my feet, opened the box which held a beautiful diamond ring and said, "I ask again, will you marry me Susan Maguire?"

I stared at Tim and the ring for a second or two and thought, 'He must love me to ask me three times even knowing about my life, or at least part of it.' I got on my knees facing him and said, "I would love to be your wife!" I then kissed him with all of the passion I was feeling that moment. To date, it was the single best experience of my life.

We kissed for several minutes as we held each other tightly. Finally, when we broke the kiss, Tim pulled the ring from the box, took my left hand and placed it on my ring finger. "I have never been happier than I am at this moment."

I agreed, because I was overjoyed as well. Finally, he said, "Now that we have that squared away we need to talk. Having kept secrets from one another nearly derailed our future happiness, so I suggest we go over to my place, which has more furniture, have dinner and talk as long as necessary. Bring a change of clothes because you are spending the night. We can go to school from there, okay? Oh, another thing...we won't be having sex until our wedding night."

This last bit confused me and when Tim saw my confusion he said he would explain later. I grabbed some clothes to change into in the bathroom, threw some things in an overnight case and then went out to Tim's car.

Now, I was expecting something really sporty, but was surprised when I saw an older Chevy Malibu. Again, he said he would explain later. As we drove neither of us said much. I was trying to get my timeline correct in my head and to make sure I told him everything.

His place turned out to be the penthouse in a high rise condo downtown. When we entered we were greeted by a gentleman who Tim introduced as Nelson, his valet. "Nelson, this is my fiancé Susan Maguire." Nelson offered his congratulations to both of us and then took my bag from Tim and said it would be in the gray room. Tim ushered me into the living room and said, "Make yourself at home. The bathroom is down that hall and is the first door on the left," as he pointed.

Nelson returned a few moments later and asked, "Would either of you care for a beverage?" I told him a Coke or Pepsi would be nice and Tim said he'd like the same.

When we had our drinks, Tim said, "Nelson, Sue and I have a lot of sensitive things to discuss and I'm sure she would appreciate it if it was only the two of us. I hope you understand."

"I do sir. I will retire to my room and read. Call me if you need anything."

When Nelson had left, I took a sip of my drink and said, "May I go first? I have a lot to tell you." Tim said to go ahead, so I began:

"So, four and a half years ago I had just finished my junior year in high school. I was popular, got good grades and was a good girl. I was looking forward to my senior year with all of the fun attached to that time of our lives. However, my Dad took a promotion with his company which required us to move to LA. I was devastated by the timing and begged my parents to allow me to stay behind and finish school with my friends. My parents refused saying that they wanted me close to them not half a continent away.

"I now know I was a brat, but at the time I was very, very angry with my parents. To compound things, they both worked long hours so I never saw them, which pissed me off even more. They even missed my 18th birthday by two weeks! I thought going to school would improve my life because I could make some friends, but that was a bust as well, so I concentrated on studying and trying to plot out my revenge on my parents.

"I discovered how I would get my revenge in the pages of the LA Barb, the alternative newspaper. There were a number of ads for porn studios looking for actresses which gave me the idea of selling my virginity to the highest bidder. I sent my proposal to quite a few places and, in the end, made a deal with Porn Parade for $200,000 for 2 scenes. The first I would give my first blowjob and lose my virginity and the second I would lose my anal virginity. We started shooting after I graduated from high school, a date my parents missed again by two weeks. What better revenge on one's parents than to do X-rated porn?

"The scenes went very well. I did them both with the same actor who was very kind and made sure I had the best experience possible. I discovered I love having sex! I mean, I really, really like it! All of it! Once the pain went away I loved getting fucked for the first time, I loved sucking his cock and I really loved anal sex.

"That summer I went on to make 7 more videos doing things for the first time. I had my first double penetrations, sex with a black man, sex with a woman, gangbangs and an orgy. I have to tell you I loved it all! As a matter of fact, I want to give you the DVD of that first summer called Suzy Sweet's Firsts." I pulled the case out of my handbag and handed it to him. He thanked me and then invited me to continue.

"Since I was shooting only one day a week, I decided I needed to do something else with my time. One of the producers suggested working at the Pink Kitty Klub as a stripper in order to make extra money and to promote my work at Porn Parade. She said they didn't do lap dances and that sort of thing and that the clientele was more affluent lawyers and business men. By the end of the summer I had made nearly $300,000!

"Just before I started school that Fall, my father happened to be in the club. I shocked him by squatting in front of him totally naked saying 'Hi Dad'. We had coffee when the club closed and I told him what shitty parents he and my mother were. After school had started my Mom came to my apartment and apologized profusely for being a shitty parent, which started our healing process. I have to say that we are now as close as we ever were. When I told my Mom I had that first date with you, she told me to throw them under the bus when knowledge of my work came to light.

"Anyway, that's about it. I didn't mean to lead you on or freak you out, I just thought I would confess once I knew our relationship was developing into something special. Please forgive me."

Tim stood up, kneeled in front of me, pulled me into a hug and said, "There's nothing to forgive. I completely understand why you didn't say anything earlier because I was in the same boat. Why don't we take a break and then I will tell you my story."

I went to the toilet and smiled to myself knowing that Tim was the best of the best and that I loved him even more now. I grabbed another Coke and then settled back into the living room where Tim shared his story:

"As I told you the other night, I'm very wealthy. When I was younger I was very arrogant and full of myself. I used my position and power to have sex with many women never spending more than one night with any of them. I drove fast cars and partied all of the time. My life style was becoming destructive, but I ignored the signs and kept it up until I nearly died in a car accident while I was drunk. As I lay in the hospital I fretted about how I could have killed some poor innocent person while behaving so immaturely.

"When I had recovered, I went back to France for a year and got my head on straight with my friends. They were an enormous help and I can't wait for you to meet them. Anyway, when I returned to LA I started dating a movie star named Elizabeth Meyers. She was beautiful and charming and turned out to have my money in her sights. From day one when we began dating, she conducted a clandestine affair with one of her co-stars on a TV show. I found out she planned to marry me and then dump me for as much money as she could get.

"I was devastated when I found out what was going on. But this time, I decided to go back to school and submerge myself in my studies and working at my father's company. It worked and I got my head screwed on right. I dated a few women, but they were either scared of my money or liked the money more than me.

"And then I met you. God, the first time I sat next to you in class I was infatuated but decided to play it cool. When we started having coffee together after class, I just fell deeper and deeper in love. I wanted to take things nice and slowly because I didn't want to blow it. I thought I'd let you see that I was doing okay moneywise on that first date, but not enough to scare you off. I couldn't believe it was the first date you had ever been on. I assumed that you were a virgin and wanted to wait until you were married to have sex, so I decided I would respect that and put absolutely no pressure on you for sex.

"When I was in the middle of proposing to you on the beach and you told me of your work, I'll admit I was shocked. Not so much by knowing that you had sex for a job, but more that you didn't come close to appearing like my assumption of what pornstar was. My inability to talk probably sent you a signal that I was disgusted, but that wasn't the case. I was just surprised.

"There are two more things to tell you. First, I saw you perform at the Pink Kitty that first summer you danced. A guy in our office was getting married, so we had his bachelor party there. I think you wore a really skimpy bikini and a see-through shirt over it. I remember because you were the best of the lot as far as I could tell, but then again, I was pretty drunk. The second thing is that I want to wait until our wedding night to have sex for the first time so that you don't feel pressured."

It was my turn to walk over to Tim and hug him. "I'm sorry you had such rotten luck with the women in your life and I promise I won't be one of them if you still want to marry me after my story. To be honest, I don't really care about your money. I'm probably worth a little more than $750,000 with my investments and what not and you see how I live. The apartment I live in is the first one I took when I left my parent's place and the car I bought at the same time. I'm quite happy living a simple life.

"One thing I won't do is wait until we get married to make love. I have fucked many times, but I have never made love with a person I love and I don't want to wait. I love you Tim, let's go to bed!"

I pulled him up to his feet and told him to lead the way to his bedroom. His room was very large and had a large bed in it with the usual dressers and chairs. I noticed a bathroom so I said, "Why don't we take a shower first."

The shower was large with multiple spray heads and when Tim turned the water on it got instantly hot. As I stripped my clothes off, which consisted of just my shirt and shorts, Tim stared with obvious admiration. "My god, you are so beautiful." He said as I stood before him in my nakedness.

He stripped quickly as well. I admired his athletic build and muscle tone. When his shorts came off, his cock was erect and ready for action and I have to say it was a thing of beauty. I was never what they call a size queen because, frankly, the really large cocks I took in some of my scenes hurt because they were too big. But looking at Tim I had to smile because I was having a Goldilocks moment thinking, 'He's just right' about the size of Jake the guy I was with in my first scene.

As we got into the shower I pulled Tim into a hug and kissed him passionately, enjoying the feel of his wet skin against mine. I liked that he didn't have a lot of body hair as our bodies slid against each other. We lathered each other up and thoroughly scrubbed one another and rinsed off. Next Tim began shampooing my hair. I don't know why, but I loved the feeling of him massaging shampoo into my scalp.

When the shampoo had been rinsed away, I sank to my knees and took Tim's cock in my mouth and began to give, what I hoped would be, the best blowjob of his life. I took his circumcised member deep in my mouth working my tongue around the head of his cock as I sucked and worked him in and out. I would look up periodically to see his reaction and saw that his eyes were closed and his mouth was open as if he was saying 'ahhh'.

After a few minutes I could tell he was getting close, so being the good porn star that I am, I pulled on his ass and took all of him in my mouth and throat. I looked up at him and saw that he was looking at me with eyes wide in surprise. I pulled back and pulled him back in several times until he cried out, "OH GOD! I'M CUMMMING!" I pulled back just in time to feel his first pulse jettison his semen into my mouth. I swallowed his first shot easily and continued swallowing until I had every last drop.

When I stood up, Tim pulled me into a crushing hug and kissed me hard with lots of tongue. When he broke the kiss, he held me at arm's length, smiled and said, "My god, that was incredible! I'm going to love being married to a porn star and sex goddess!" I couldn't help it and started laughing. At that moment I knew that my porn days were not an issue to the man I loved.

When we got out of the shower I wrapped my hair in a towel and then dried my body off. As soon as Tim was mostly dry, he picked me up easily and carried me to his bed. He laid me down gently and told me to scoot to the middle. He followed me and when I stopped, he pulled my legs apart and buried his face into my pussy. He licked, lapped, nibbled, bit, sucked and generally made love to my pussy with his mouth. When he had brought me to my first climax, he sunk a couple of fingers in me and began stroking my G-spot causing me to cum a couple of more times. He looked up at me at one point and said, "I've never gone down on a shaved pussy before, but I have to say I love it! Will you always keep it bald please?"

I laughed and said, "I had laser treatments, so it will always be bald for you." He smiled and dove back in like a child with his favorite ice cream. After a while, I just wanted him in me, so I said, "Tim, my love, make love to me now. I want to feel you in me!"

When he sank into me, we both let out moans of pleasure. God, he felt just perfect! He was propped up on his arms like in porn films so the cameras can get good penetration shots. But I wanted him to lay on me so I could feel his entire body, kiss him and nuzzle into his neck. So, I pulled his head down to kiss me as I said, lay on me while we make love, please. He did as I asked and I had the most sublime experience of my life. He was indefatigable as he made love to me the way I had always dreamed of. I orgasmed several times before Tim let loose deep within me.

We were both breathing hard as I held him tight against me with him still impaling me with his slowly softening penis. When our breathing had moderated, I whispered in his ear, "I love you so much, Tim."

I could feel him smile as he said, "I love you too, Sue."

We cuddled in bed and talked for quite a while. I told Tim I didn't really want a big wedding and he said he didn't either, just our parents and a few select friends. I chuckled and said the only friends I have are porn stars and strippers. He laughed and said that they would bring a little color to the proceedings.

After a while Tim said, "What would you think about getting married in Paris? We could fly over with our parents in my jet and get married there with my friends in attendance."

I sat up, looked at him and asked, "You have a jet? One big enough to fly to Europe?"

He laughed and said, "Actually, I have two jets. A 767 and a Gulfstream. I think we'd take the 67 to Paris because it would be more comfortable. So, what do you think?"

I pondered for a bit, or at least looked like I was mulling things over, then smiled and said, "I would love to get married in Paris. It sounds really romantic. Now the only question that remains is when? For me the sooner the better, though I will need to get a passport. Oh, and another thing...we need a prenuptial agreement. I know we don't plan on getting divorced or anything, but it's the right thing for you to do and for me as well."

Tim looked at me gob smacked and then said, "I know my father would insist on one, but I didn't want to embarrass you by asking for one."

I laughed and said, "After hearing your story that was one of the first things I thought about. You can tease your Dad by saying that I insisted because I wanted to protect my assets!"

We made love a couple of more times that night and each time was better than the next. We got so little sleep that we decided to blow off classes that day. Tim called his French friends and told them of our engagement and our desire to married in Paris. They talked at length until Tim turned to me and asked, "Instead of getting married in Paris would you consider doing it in a chateau in the Loire Valley?" My confusion was apparent, so he told his friend he would call back in a few minutes.

Tim opened his notebook and pulled up a bunch of pictures of the chateau in question. It was not only incredible but humongous! It sat by itself with a forest behind a garden with an incredibly ornate set of hedges, in front of it was acres and acres of vineyards. I had to smile because it looked like something out of a fairy story, so I told Tim, "Yeah, that would be marvelous."

I called my Mom to tell her the good news and that we planned on having the ceremony in France at a chateau. I told her we hadn't set a date yet, but that it would be fairly soon once we got our ducks all in a row. She was crying as she told me how happy she was for me.

Next, I called Robin at the porn studio and told her of my engagement and how I was going to retire from porn. I also told her that she should expect and invitation to our wedding which would be in France, so if she didn't have a passport she should get one sooner rather than later.

Lastly, I called Robert at the Pink Kitty and told him I could no longer dance and why. He was very gracious, congratulated me and told me that if I ever got the bug to dance that I was always welcome in his place.

When Tim and I sat down after making all of our calls, we sat down together and discussed what we had been doing. He said, "Okay, my friends and I have decided on the 15th of July for a wedding date, if that works for you. It happens to be a national holiday in France being Bastille Day. They said they would take care of all of the arrangements and any guests will be welcome to stay as long as they would like at the chateau."

"Yeah, that would be great," I replied. "I think I will ask my friend Robin from Porn Parade to be my maid of honor, if you don't mind. She was very kind to me and helped me through several crises."

Tim, being the sweet man that he is said, "I have no problems with anything you want. It sounds as though she was a good friend and good friends should be rewarded." I kissed him and told him I loved him.



The next month was a whirlwind of activity. I applied for an expedited passport, took my final exams and graduated with honors and worked on wedding arrangements. I had notified Robin that she was my choice as maid of honor, which she was thrilled about and doubly so when she heard she would get a free trip to France.

We had decided that we would arrive in France a week before our nuptials in order to feel acclimated. We had everything arranged, so with two weeks to go Tim and I were finally able to relax. One evening we went to see a baseball game with the dodgers playing the Cubs. I had always been a Cubs fan and Tim a Dodgers fan so we made a bet on the game with the loser having to do anything the winner wanted the next day for all 24 hours. The Cubs won 10-3!

I had, by this time, moved in with Tim and had established an excellent rapport with Nelson. I told him about our bet that night and how I had won and that he should take the entire next day off unless he wanted to be embarrassed by our actions. He took the hint and said he would visit his mother in San Diego.

The next morning, I got up first and made preparations for breakfast. When Tim got up he asked why I was making breakfast and I told him how I had given Nelson the day off. I then told him I wanted him naked all day when we were at home. He stripped himself with a smile and then we ate the breakfast I had made. I think he was expecting to have sex all day, but I quashed those thoughts when I told him we were going to Disneyland.

Despite having lived in LA for close to 5 years, I had never been to Disneyland, so we made a day of it. We both had a great time on the rides and walking around taking everything in. On our way home, I told him we should pickup some Chinese carryout. We each ordered a couple of our favorites and then headed for home when we got our order. When we walked in the door, I told Tim to strip again and then we ate our dinner.

After dinner, I told Tim to take a shower in the master bath and that I would take a shower in the guest bath and that we would meet in the living room when we had finished. When Tim had left to shower, I remained behind for a few minutes in order to cue up a DVD for us to watch. I then retired to my assigned bathroom and cleaned up for the rest of our evening.

When I got to the living room, Tim was waiting for me as I entered naked as well, which caused him to smile. I stood in the middle of the room and said, "We're going to watch a movie, so how about we make some popcorn and open a nice bottle of white wine?" He thought that would be a good idea, so he fetch a bottle of wine while I made the popcorn. When we had everything ready, we sat down and I said, "I hope you like my choice of movie tonight. I know most guys don't like romantic movies, so I chose one that's more appealing to men."

"I'm sure I will like anything you chose." He then reached his wine glass over, touched it to mine and took a healthy sip.

I smiled and sipped then said, I'm pretty sure you'll like it."

I started the DVD which instantly got Tim's attention when he saw me standing there naked answering Robin's questions. Tim looked at me for a second with wide eyes, which made me smile and then back to the screen as he drained his wine glass. When he saw me go down on Jake, he looked at me again before watching the screen again. I could see that he was quite hard which caused me to smile. When Jake had pulled me up, I asked Tim, "So, what do you think of my movie selection?"

Tim's mouth moved but didn't make any sounds and then he turned his attention back to the screen. By this time Jake was plowing into my pussy. I had never watched my DVD's before now. It wasn't because I was ashamed or anything, it was because I didn't have a TV and DVD player. I guess I could have watched them on my laptop, but the thought never crossed my mind. While watching with Tim, I thought the scene looked pretty hot. I was remembering how I felt at the time and how much I enjoyed what we were doing. It then dawned on me that this may be disturbing to Tim, watching his fiancé having sex with another man.

He was watching with rapt attention, so I whispered, "If this upsets you we can turn it off."

He looked at me quickly and said, "No, it's okay." He then turned his attention back to the TV.

I thought to myself, 'I hope this means he's okay watching this.' I then turned my attention back to the screen. At this time, I was on my hands and knees while Jake was lubing his cock just before he put it in my ass. Again, I remembered what I was going through and how great the whole experience was. When Jake penetrated me on the screen, my hand dove into my pussy as I watched. I looked over at Tim and saw that he was now stroking himself. That was a pretty good sign that he was liking what he saw, so I decided I would help him out. I pulled his hand away and then took his cock in my mouth and began giving him the best blowjob I knew how to give.

Tim had put his hands on my head but was pushing on me. I decided I wanted him to so I lifted off his cock and said, "Tim, make me do what you want! Push my head so I take you all the way!" He did as he was told and buried his cock in my throat. I decided I kind of missed being used like I often was in porn scenes, so as I fucked my face on Tim I rubbed my clit until I came just moments before he did. I swallowed all of his spunk and then sat up and looked at him to see how he was doing.

I didn't have to worry because the first thing out of his mouth was, "Fuck! That was awesome! Can I, you know, uh, well, have anal sex with you?"

I smiled and said, "I was hoping the video would inspire you! God yes! I want you to fuck my ass until I'm screaming for mercy!"

I guess the idea inspired him, because he was hard again (or maybe he never went soft?). Anyway, I had cleaned myself out while I took my shower and had planted a bottle of lube behind a pillow on the couch. I grabbed the bottle, turned around and faced the back of the couch while on my knees, poured some lube in my hand, handed the bottle to Tim and said, "Lube up your beautiful cock and then fuck my ass!"

I lubed myself up while he got his dick slick and then he got behind me and began working himself into my derriere. It had been a while since I had had anal sex and was thinking how much I missed it as Tim impaled me. I was getting impatient, so I began moving forward and backwards fucking myself on him. "FUCK ME HARDER, TIM! FUCK ME HARDER!" I begged my lover. God, it felt good!

Tim did as I asked and began pounding into me bringing a smile to my face. I dropped my right hand to my dripping pussy and began roughly rubbing my clit and within moments had a huge orgasm. Tim was still going strong as he battered my behind like a madman. I was pleasantly surprised that he hadn't cum yet as he pounded away. All of a sudden, however, he cried out, "I'M CUMMING SUZY!" pulled me hard onto his cock as stream after stream of his seminal fluid gushed forth into my colon. This pushed me over the edge once again as I buried four fingers deep into my vagina and came hard once again.

I collapsed on the back of the couch while still on my knees with Tim draped on top of me. We were both panting hard as we gasped for air with Tim still buried in my rectum for a couple of minutes until Tim pulled out of me. He scooped me up in his arms and carried me to our bedroom and the attached bathroom while kissing me the whole time. He set me down as he started the water and when it was the temperature he wanted, he pulled me in with him and then pulled me into a hug and kissed me deeply. When he broke the kiss, he looked into my eyes and said, "I had been afraid to watch your DVD because I was afraid I would get insanely jealous, but the opposite was true. You looked so hot while that guy was fucking you and then it dawned on me I was the guy that would get to do that with you forever! I love you so much and am so happy you are in my life."

"I'm glad you're in my life as well! I hope I didn't freak you out. I love it when we make love, but I had missed just getting a good old fashioned hard fucking and I really like anal sex."

Tim chuckled and said, "I had never had anal sex before now, but now I can say that anytime you want it, I'll give it to you!"

The days and weeks sped by until it was time to head to France for our wedding. My parents, Tim's parents and Robin joined us on the flight over the water and I have to say we all had a good time. We arrived in Paris first and spent several days there and then a few days before our wedding drove south to the chateau. Pictures didn't do the place justice once I saw it with my own eyes! The place was incredible! Additionally, Tim's childhood friends were the warmest, most accepting people I had ever met and I looked forward to a lifelong friendship with all of them.

The wedding went off without a hitch and now Tim and I were on our honeymoon. A couple of days into our post-wedding trip, Tim suggested that I tell my interesting story. So, here we are, full circle. What started out as an adolescent trauma has turned into a fairy tale for me. I love my husband, my parents and my life!
