It started out as a pretty ordinary Friday night. My wife was off visiting her sister so I was getting ready to enjoy a nice quiet evening at home. I popped open an ice cold Miller Draft and turned on the big screen television to Comcast SportsNet to watch the game. I was debating whether to order some pizza or Chinese when the doorbell rang. I figured I was about to come face to face with someone selling something or worse yet, a Hare Krishna telling me that I needed to be saved. I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the door to see our neighbor Ashley standing on the front porch smiling.
Ashley had just turned eighteen and was often the subject of my glances any time she was lying out back tanning by their in-ground pool. She had an amazing body; she was 5'9" with slender long legs that just seemed to go on forever. Her long blonde hair framed her beautiful face and I was pretty sure that her bright blue eyes could melt any man that they gazed upon. To me, she looked like a cuter version of Taylor Swift and as such she was pretty much perfection. Now, here she was at my door, wearing a sexy little green and white striped sundress and heeled sandals that accentuated her amazing legs.
"Hello Ashley, is there something I can do for you?" I asked, as the little voice inside me said "Oh, there are so many things you could do for this girl!"
"Hey Mr. Jones, I just wanted to talk to you about something, may I come inside?" I opened the screen door and watched her walk into the foyer, her perfect young ass swaying with purpose as she walked to the kitchen and I followed her.
"So what is it that you want to talk about?" I asked as she popped her young body up onto the kitchen counter, her legs dangling in front of her.
"Your wife," was her reply.
I was pretty sure this had something to do with my wife putting her nose where it did not belong. A couple weeks ago my wife saw Ashley and a few of her friends out back by the pool having a few beers and smoking a joint and she took it upon herself to make sure that Ashley's parents heard all about it.
"I'm sorry Ashley, I told her to mind her own business and to just stay out of it. But, as you can see, she doesn't always listen to me."
Ashley cracked a smile, "Yeah, so you heard about what happened then. I am SO pissed, I was supposed to be getting a new Mustang for my 18th birthday and thanks to little miss narc my parents have decided I'm not 'mature' enough for a new car yet."
"Ouch, that is horrible!"
"Yep, so now I guess I get to be the girl that needs her friends or her parents to drive her everywhere she needs to go senior year, I hate it!"
"Like I said, I tried to get her to just mind her own business and really wish she would have. We were all young once, doing the same types of things." I leaned on the counter across from Ashley, my eyes unable to keep from stealing glances of her body in that sexy little sundress as my mind tried to piece together what she was doing here on my kitchen counter complaining about my wife. Was she just blowing off steam, or was there more to it?
"Yeah, I know, it's not your fault," she said smiling. "You're a good guy; it's just too bad that you married a complete and utter bitch!" I could tell she felt awkward the minute that she said it and she immediately tried to backtrack saying, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean..."
"Oh, you meant it," I said, cutting her off, "and in this case you'd be correct. She stuck her nose where it didn't belong and you paid the price for it. I wish there was something I could do," I said, looking into her blue eyes.
"Really?" she said, her eyes sparkling even more than usual.
"Of course, but what can I do?"
Ashley thought about it for a moment and a grin came across her face. She bit her bottom lip for what seemed like an eternity before she spoke. "You could help me get back at her," she said in a matter-of-fact voice.
"Yeah, well I'm not sure what I could do, it's not like I can tell HER mom she was being a total bitch or anything!" I laughed and Ashley laughed too, nodding her head.
"I was thinking of something a little different than that Mr. Jones," she said taking a deep breath. "I just think that her meddling made me pay a price so I thought maybe I could meddle in her life a bit, you know what I mean?"
"I'm not sure I do, Ash." I said, but that little voice in my head was getting ideas of its own. "Maybe you should just talk to her face to face and have it out with her, but she won't be back until tomorrow."
"Oh, I know, I heard her tell my mom that she was visiting her sister tonight. That's why I came to see you." Ashley slid off the counter and took a couple steps closer to me. "I have seen the way you look at me when I'm out back tanning Mr. Jones."
"I'm not sure what you mean," I said in a very non-convincing fashion as she closed the distance between us.
"It's ok, I have to admit I'm flattered that a man like you even notices me at all."
"Yeah right, you are a beautiful girl Ashley and you have to know that. Any guy in the world would be crazy not to notice you." I was overcompensating now and she knew it.
"So, you admit that you DO look at me," she smiled a sweet, innocent smile that said "gotcha."
I stuttered trying to find the right words to say. "I'm not sure what this has to do with helping you, Ashley."
"It's pretty simple Mr. Jones," she said, now standing right in front of me. Her blue eyes were staring up into my eyes as she bit her bottom lip and choose her words carefully. "She took something from me, I want something of hers."
"What do you want, Ash?"
"I want you," she said with a little trepidation in her voice. She quickly rallied and added with an amazing amount of confidence "but, the first time has to be on her side of your bed."
There was no denying what this teenage beauty had just said, she wanted me to take her upstairs and fuck her on my wife's side of the bed. I'm pretty sure whatever look I had on my face at the time was somewhat amusing because even though the words were simple they were somehow just not computing in my mind.
"You've never thought about fucking me Mr. Jones?" she asked, her eyes sparkling as she realized she had gotten over the hard part of broaching the subject and was going to do whatever it took now to complete her mission.
"Ashley, you literally JUST turned eighteen, how could I have?" I muttered and started blushing.
"Ooh, you were imagining fucking me when I was still jailbait, weren't you Mr. Jones? That is SO naughty." I tried to answer, but couldn't, not sure what to say. "How old was I when you first thought about fucking me? Seventeen? Sixteen? Younger?"
I stood there speechless, and she didn't wait for an answer this time; she was already making her way out of the kitchen and up the staircase. "Don't make me wait too long," she yelled as she made her way down the hallway and into the master bedroom.
My head was spinning; sure, I had wanted to fuck this hot little piece of ass for more time than I'd care to admit but I was still a married man who had never crossed that line before. I did my best to avoid temptation and to keep myself out of situations I knew I wouldn't know how to properly navigate, like having an amazingly sexy eighteen year old girl waiting for me in my bedroom to launch some crazy plan to get back at my wife for being a bitch.
I walked up the stairs, telling myself with each step I took that I just needed to let her down easy and tell her that I could not do what she wanted me to do. But, my resolve disappeared when I hit the doorway to my bedroom. Ashley was lying across my bed, smiling up at me. Her arm was propping her head up and her blonde hair flowed down. "Come here," she said as she got on her knees on the bed, "I want you now."
I walked to her, unable to speak. She reached out and grabbed my belt, undoing it as she looked up at me with a very wicked grin on her very pretty face. My cock was now straining to be free of my jeans and boxer shorts. She unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and slid her hand inside, smiling wide as her hand found my eight inch throbbing cock waiting for her. "Fuck," she moaned, "this is going to be more fun than I thought."
"I don't know, Ashley, this is wrong," I spoke the words with no conviction at all in my voice and Ashley knew it.
"I know it's wrong Mr. Jones, that's why it's going to be so much fun!" she giggled.
With that she got on her knees on the floor in front of me and slipped my cock free of my boxers. She admired it for a moment, kissed it playfully and then slid the throbbing head into her waiting mouth. I felt her soft lips and her tongue starting to work me over and I knew at that point I had crossed any and every line and there was no going back.
I reached down, instinctively grabbing a handful of her soft blonde hair as she looked up at me, our eyes locked as she slid her lips slowly up and down the shaft of my rock hard cock. "Tell me the truth," she smiled, taking a breath, "when was the last time that that stupid bitch gave you a good blow- job?"
"It's been years," I groaned, playfully pulling her hair back and guiding my cock back to her soft, sweet lips. She opened wide and rolled her tongue around the head before she once again made my cock disappear deep in her pretty, young mouth.
She moaned low as she guided my meat further back into her throat. Her long, slim fingers slid my jeans and boxers all the way to the floor. I stepped out of them as her perfectly manicured nails slid slowly back up my legs to my ass where she made a point to dig them into my flesh as she sucked harder on my rock hard cock.
Her hot, wet mouth and her soft tongue felt like heaven as she worked my cock like it had never been worked before. I smiled as a Springsteen lyric came flooding into my brain, "The only lover I'm ever gonna need's your soft, sweet, little girl's tongue." Damn Boss, you sure nailed that one.
I was surprised that my brain was functioning at all. There I was, in my bedroom, with the sexy high school girl from next door and she was working my cock over like a dirty little slut. Her hands were cupping my balls as she slowly worked her tongue around the tip of my cock. Her eyes staring into my soul as she flicked my cock playfully with her tongue like it was her favorite new toy. I wanted to explode right then and there, but I also wanted this to last as long as it possibly could.
Ashley slid my cock from her mouth and sweetly kissed the head, looking up at me as she rose from her knees. Her arms moved up around my neck and I leaned down to her and our lips met. My hands grabbed her hips and pulled her slim body to mine as we kissed. Every ounce of my body was on fire and Ashley was stoking the flames as her tongue darted into my mouth. Our tongues wrestled as we kissed, my hand slid slowly up and down her body exploring this new frontier.
I reached down and found the hem of her little sundress and lifted it slowly as we kissed. When it rose above her chest Ashley broke the kiss and let me take it off of her. My eyes took in her perfect body as I tossed the dress onto the dresser. Her breasts were perfection, firm 32Bs with puffy soft pink nipples and her pussy was shaved perfectly smooth and glistening with her juices.
"Such a naughty girl, going out without panties on," I chuckled as I removed my shirt and tossed it to the floor.
"If I'm such a naughty girl, what is the married man that is undressing me?"
"Fair point," I grinned.
"Have you ever fucked anyone but her on this bed?" she asked, smiling up at me.
"No, I never have."
She took my hand and took a couple steps backwards until we were both falling onto the big, king sized bed. Ashley's head landed on my wife's pillow as we kissed, her long slender legs wrapped around me. The passion of the kisses growing by the second as Ashley sucked and nibbled on my lower lip and dug her heels into my back.
I reached down, my hand finding its way between her thighs. My fingertips glided across her bare skin until they found her steaming hot pussy. She was already dripping wet and she moaned as I teased her clit with soft little circles.
I kissed her neck, intoxicated by her perfume that smelled like sweet, luscious fruit with a hint of vanilla. Her moans grew louder and her breaths became shorter as I continued to tease her clit with my fingertips.
"Fuck me," she groaned. "Oh, please, fuck me."
"With pleasure," I whispered in her ear.
I knelt in front of her and ran my hands down her legs. I held them by her ankles as I lifted them up over my shoulders. Her eyes sparkled as she watched me, my hands sliding back down her soft, warm skin to her waiting pussy.
"Is this the little pussy that needs to be fucked?" I asked as I let my fingertips softly circle her clit once more.
"Yes," she replied barely audibly.
I moved closer, guiding my hard cock to replace my fingertips. I teased her clit with the big throbbing head of my cock and she groaned louder.
"Fuck me, Mr. Jones," she said with more volume this time.
"I think you can call me Brian now."
She looked up at me, the wicked grin returned to her face as she moaned louder, "Fuck me Mr. Jones. Fuck your naughty little girl."
I watched her face as I slid my raging hard-on between her soft pink lips. They were soaked with her juices as I slid inside her slowly. Her eyes closed and her head pressed back into my wife's pillow as she took each and every inch.
"Why are you teasing me?" she whimpered.
"Because you love it," I said, my cock now buried inside her pussy. I could feel her muscles contracting, gripping my cock like a vise. I had my share of women in my day but never felt anything quite like this.
She moaned and bit her lower lip hard as I started fucking her. Slowly, but with deep strokes my cock took her. Still kneeling in front of her with her legs up over my shoulders, I watched her face and knew by her reaction that she was loving each and every minute of it.
My hands slid up her body as my cock continued its slow but steady rhythm. Her skin was so soft. Her chest was rising and falling with each of her deep breaths. My hands cupped her breasts and I let my fingertips surround her hard nipples. As my cock hit its deepest point inside of her, I squeezed her nipples between my fingertips and she screamed with ecstasy.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," she moaned. "Fuck me harder baby!"
I gave in and started fucking her tight little teen pussy harder and faster. My fingertips playing her nipples like a concert pianist plays Bach, bringing her to the edge and back again at my whim.
My cock was splitting her in two, pounding her pussy with each deep thrust. I could feel my jizz welling up deep inside me, like rocket fuel getting ready to ignite for lift-off.
I leaned forward and kissed her neck as her legs pulled me down to her. Her body was nearly convulsing with each short breath she took. The sexiest moans I'd ever heard in my life escaping her lips with each deep fuckstroke. My cock was ready to give this naughty school girl exactly what she desired.
"Cum inside me baby," she moaned. "I need it so bad."
I was just about there, knowing any little touch or sensation would send me over the edge. Living in a moment of ecstasy where every fiber of my being just felt alive.
Ashley wrapped her arms around me and I felt her nails running down my back as she whimpered, "Oh god yes! Give it to me! Give it to your naughty little girl."
I exploded like I had never exploded before. My cock filled her waiting pussy with wave after wave of my white hot cum. She screamed with delight as her pussy contracted hard around my cock, milking each and every ounce of my jizz into her dripping hole.
After what seemed like forever, I collapsed into her arms. Her legs wrapped around my ass with my cock still buried deeply inside of her with her pussy gripping me tightly.
"That was amazing," I whispered in her ear.
"You're amazing, wow, I've never cum like that in my life."
I smiled to myself as I softly kissed her neck, hoping that I'd passed the audition enough that this hot young thing would make it a habit of winding up in my bed.