Heather and Robert
by TigerKitten28

Part 7
----------------------------------------------------------------
--- The End of My First Year at College ---
----------------------------------------------------------------

The party turned out to be an extremely pivotal moment for you and I, and Denny too. It paradoxically changed everything and nothing at the same time. I guess I expected things would evolve to a throuple or something similar, but the dynamics stayed essentially the same. You were my boyfriend and the love of my life, and Denny stayed a close friend to both of us. The biggest change was the feeling around our situation. All three of us became more comfortable experimenting within the unspoken boundaries we'd created. Somehow we had developed a metaphorical curb and filled the area with sand and we now could happily play in the proverbial sandbox we built.

It was actually wonderful going through those old tattered magazines with Denny. He'd watched a lot of BDSM porn, but reading about it used a different part of the anatomy than watching it, namely the brain if you know what I mean. He also had never meted out discipline in real life to a naughty girl like myself. He became a quick study in Recreational Misogyny. You told him everything about the rubber bands, the oreo cookies, etc. He already knew about the knotted rope, but we went back a tried things you and I hadn't done since the shed.

You and Denny both loved finding something on the more intense side to do Thursday nights, since that is typically the last day of classes for the week except for those poor saps with Friday classes. For instance, now instead of kneeling naked on uncooked rice, Denny added the twist of having my mousetraps on my labia and nipples. You two also seemed to have a competition to see who could find the strangest object to spank my bare bottom with. The RA's borrowed ID lanyard that he habitually leaves by the soda machine was interesting but not painful. The Introduction to Advanced Calculus textbook hurt like hell but wasn't very strange. In my opinion I kind of won, but in the interest of Recreational Misogyny any good idea I have belongs to you. So you won that little contest and Denny wasn't too upset by the loss.

The best item was the extendable metal radio antenna I snapped off the university's parking enforcement golf cart. Those guys are always jerks and I didn't feel the slightest bit of remorse about damaging school property and stealing it. I know you and Denny felt no sympathy for parking enforcement either, but you felt obligated to punish me anyway. You made me strip and tied me bent over the end of the bed. Denny shoved my dirty panties in my mouth. Then you extended the antenna and swung it. It made a 'thwap-snap' each time it whooshed through the air and made contact with my bare ass.

The antenna stung like hell and left the thinnest red welt on my pale bottom. It reminded me of our old friend the wire hanger, but with an even sharper bite. You gave me a dozen stripes then Denny took a turn and gave me a dozen more. Since I couldn't speak or take my choker necklace off you stopped and came to check on me. You whispered "still OK Heather?" as you took the panties out of my mouth. Denny comforted me by rubbing my back.

"Yes. That antenna kills. Worst spanking implement ever."

"Call it a night? I can make us nachos."

"Would it be OK if.....if.....if you two kept going. I feel like I need a good cry tonight."

I remember you looked in my eyes. You were debating whether to keep going. You always worried about going too far. My eyes must have put you at ease. You put the panties back in my mouth.

You said to Denny, "she's at 24 stripes. She is going to take a full 100. That's 38 more each. You go first."

"OK. But if she pisses herself I'm stopping."

I thought to myself that it was a fair deal and clenched my bladder closed. Denny whipped my ass hard for his 38 swings. I didn't pee myself, but my natural lubricant dripped down my inner thigh. This was Recreational Misogyny at its core, a naked girl getting her ass absolutely shredded by superior boys. Then you took over. No part of my bottom was unwelted so you added new ones on old ones. I held my pee and managed to only whimper until my 85th stroke. I lost it after that and bawled inconsolably the last 15.

You two untied me and cuddled me. You knew my crying was the equivalent of an emotional orgasm. It was something I needed sometimes that a typical orgasm wouldn't solve. When I got calmed down I got on my knees, with tears and snot still dripping down my face. I started by sucking Danny's cock. He wouldn't fuck me still, but after the party he let me move on from handjobs. It was more in line with misogyny and was less mess to clean up. I felt like I had properly thanked him as his hot semen shot down my throat. Then immediately I moved on to your cock. You added your cum to my tummy too.

That antenna became a staple the remainder of the school year. We had to say goodbye to Denny for the summer, but we all promised to make up for lost time in the fall.

-----------------------------
--- The Summer ---
-----------------------------

I think you and I both expected a slow paced summer with no homework or tests in sights filled with the three S's: sunning, spanking, and sex. Once we got back to our families it became apparent that would not be true. You had to go with your family on a three week trip out west in an RV. I was going to Maine with my family to visit my grandma for 10 days. Later in the summer I was getting volunteer hours as a counsellor at a kid's camp. None of the dates aligned. We would barely see each other this summer. We were both distraught by the realization.

I think my sadness took away my creativity and left me in a slump. You showed again that you were the best boyfriend I could ever hope for, even if it was still a secret from our families. As you relayed the story to me you told me your idea came when you bit your tongue while chomping an apple and you looked in your medicine cabinet. There was a big tube of prescription oral numbing cream you'd gotten last year when you had a tooth issue, something with a wisdom tooth. It worked like a charm on the pain but you couldn't feel your tongue for 12 hours.

From experience you knew that hot sauce could be felt on the lips between my legs as much as the lips on my face. You wondered if the numbing cream would be the same way. When we finally had a chance to go to our old shed, you explained that you wanted us to each to have a secure digital folder on each other's phones to keep nudes in. After I was naked you explained the experiment. You carefully pulled my clit hood back and put a tiny drop of the numbing cream on my little nub. Then I posed for you as you took pictures of me displaying myself in all your favourite positions. Then you got undressed too and I took some pictures of you. I could practically draw your cock from memory, but it made me less anxious about the summer apart if I knew I could see my favourite parts of you when I wanted.

After we'll over and hour, you checked on my clit. You touched it and I felt nothing. You licked it and I felt nothing. I could feel general sensations, but it's like the sexually pleasure of it was removed. It was like the bad diet version of sexual contact. I could feel it all happening, but it didn't tickle that part of my brain that creates orgasms. We were both amazed. Of course you had to try fucking me. I could feel you inside me and it was great, but it didn't even move the needle on getting me towards a climax. You were quite amused and told me "this is how Recreational Misogyny should really be. My pleasure only." Then you came inside me feeling the relief I craved.

That was the thing, I still got horny. I felt pent up. Even more so when you used my pussy and it peaked when you told me it's how Recreational Misogyny should be. You weren't wrong. I left that day very hot and bothered. You went home and had a post-nut nap. In the morning I reported that the cream lasted just over 13 hours until I started to get sensation back. We met up in the afternoon after you made me pinky swear not to masturbate. In the shed you made me pull the hood of my clitoris back for another drop of cream. Then we watched YouTube videos on your tablet while you played with my pussy. I got wet, but nothing you did could help me cum.

You eventually said, "OK Heather, here is what you need to do. You leave tomorrow to go to Maine. I am leaving the numbing cream with you. You have to put it on twice a day. It's the honour system but I trust you. You will not be having any orgasms while we are apart. It's only 6 and a half weeks. It will go by quickly."

Of course I pinky swore to apply the cream. I was so in love with both you and the Recreational Misogyny lifestyle that anything I could do to prove my sexuality was yours to own, I would do. This was perfect. It was terrible, but it was perfect. You fucked me again and I was actually sad I wouldn't have your semen in me again for weeks.

We said goodbye and went about our business. First thing in the morning I would apply a dab of cream. Near bedtime, another dab of cream. I handled it well for the most part. I was up to three panty changes a day because I was constantly wet between my legs. I would never disobey and try to cum, but I did go so far as to squeeze my thighs or rub against the sofa arm. The cream worked amazingly. I was so sexually frustrated that I was snippy with my family on occasion. They surely attributed it to hormones, and in a roundabout way it was true.

I had fruitless sex dreams nightly that left me sweaty but still unfulfilled. I talked to you as often as possible and updated you on my progress. You'd rub it in by telling me you just jerked off to the picture of me stretching my labia. I was genuinely glad you were still keeping your balls empty even while simultaneously being unmanageable jealous. You sext me puddles of cum and I would sext you pictures of my soaked panties among other exchanges.

Eventually near the end of summer we were back together in person. You allowed me to discontinue the use of the cream. Then, on a night we were home alone, you temporarily put misogyny to the side and you licked my pussy. I had orgasm #1 immediately. Orgasms #2 through #4 came within ten minutes after that. It was an evening uncharacteristically spent solely on cunilingus. You'd go down on me, we'd take a break for Gatorade and trail mix then you'd put your face between my legs again. I lost track of how many orgasms I had that night after #14. My whole body was drained and exhausted when we finally stopped. Your face, hair, chest, and more were covered in my juices. I actually don't even think you came that night. I cuddled you so close afterwards we were at risk of our skin fusing together.

The last week of summer was allocated to the three S's and we both looked forward to getting back to school.
