Title: The Ice Cream Social
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Keith meets the new preacher in town and lets him know why
all the local women are so well-endowed.
Keywords: MF FF ORGY MOD MC MD

The Ice Cream Social
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's Note: This is a sequel to "It's Not Nice To Hit Keith," and
although you don't have to read it to enjoy this story, you should--
the beginning of this story will make more sense if you do. Send
feedback if you like it, and as always, enjoy! Special thanks go to
William Pratt for his excellent proofing and suggestions.

                          * * * * * * * * * * *

"So, any other daughters besides Tera?" the man asked me. When I
indicated that she was my only child, he laughed a little and added,
"It's funny--all you preachers have pretty daughters. It's like a
stereotype or something. She's absolutely gorgeous, even at seventeen.
She'll break some hearts, won't she?" He slapped me on the shoulder
and went away, mingling with the rest of the people at the ice cream
social Kackenburg Baptist had thrown together for my introduction to
the town. It was, upon reflection, the most fateful conversation I
would have that day. Well, let me back up a little bit.

I'm Rev. Samuel Johnson. My wife, daughter, and I moved to Kackenburg
several months ago. While the details of why the Rev. Kevin Smith had
to leave town so suddenly were... well, absent as nobody would talk
about what happened on his last day in front of the congregation, I
knew it had something to do with a man named Keith. A man, I should
mention, who had just commented on my daughter.

I caught up with him later, while everybody was eating some barbecue.
He smiled when he saw me approaching, and the gaggle of women--all of
them wives of some of the men also at the party--suddenly left, silly
smiles on their beautiful faces.

And that's another thing I need to explain: even though they were
dressed in conservative dresses that did not show much flesh, any fool
could see that the women--and the women older than 16 or so I'd seen
in the town--were well-endowed. Impossibly so. The only females in the
town who had small breasts were the little girls. And, I did not see a
single fat woman anywhere. I saw some that appeared to be losing some
extra pounds--their clothes were loose and having been a preacher for
so many years, I know what a woman who is losing pounds looks like.
But no obese women. Heck, there were no unattractive women at all in
the town.

Anyway, I was still new to this kind of beauty in such abundance when
I went to talk to Keith, and when we were alone, I made a comment on
it. I can't remember my exact words, but I was concerned that the
women had spent a lot of money on implants that could have gone to
better uses.

I only made the comment because the women and men in the town had told
me that's why every woman's chest looked the same. I hadn't asked
anyone about it, but my suspicion was apparently obvious when I first
arrived. My wife, a nurse, had even told me that the town was an hour
out from a city that had a prominent plastic surgery facility.

"Well, what's wrong with big tits?" he asked me, eying my wife up and
down as she came over to give me a hug and introduced herself to the
man I was talking to. The women in this town were drawn to this man,
and it annoyed me a little that my wife was not immune to his...
*charm*.

My wife gasped at the sound of the word, and then blushed. I laughed
nervously, admiring the man's gall; I hadn't heard talk like that
since I'd been at seminary school. 'This guy is pretty ir-*reverent*,'
I thought to myself, forcing another giggle.

As I snickered, a woman in my field of view bent over to pick
something up off the ground, giving me a view down her dress. In that
position, I saw that the loose material that was so covering before
just hung off her perfect frame now and I could actually see her
breast hanging down... even the dark nipple was visible. Quickly I
turned my eyes. And that made Keith snicker.

"Heh! Rev, I gotta tell ya, I like my titties nice and big. I see you
like yours regular-sized, and that's OK. To each his own!" he said.

I looked at my wife. I'd been married long enough to know such a
comment would be taken as an insult by almost any woman. But, she just
blushed and looked at her own chest. Finally, she said, "Well, these
are my husband's as much as mine. He's happy with 'em and so am I."

Keith was apparently as surprised with her words as I was. We all
laughed spontaneously at the incredibly awkward situation. Finally, I
said, "It's just weird, you know? I mean, most of the women here are
married..."

"And now they're faithful, I can assure you," Keith added, somewhat
cryptically.

'What does he mean by 'now?'' I thought before continuing. "Anyway," I
said, "what reason do they have to get these implants? If they're so
faithful, why try to draw other men's attentions?"

Keith shook his head, almost laughing at a joke only he could hear. He
came up to my wife and I and put an arm around each of us. My wife
blushed some more and even flinched at the contact, but she sighed
slowly to indicate she was fine.

"I like you two. I really do. Invite me over for dinner--hell, maybe
I'll consider going to church regularly," he told us.

I never pass the opportunity to get new sheep for my flock, so I was
about to ask him when would be a good day when my wife blurted, "Is
Saturday OK? What do you like to eat?"

He said, "Oh, I'm partial to salmon. It's the other pink meat, you
know." He winked at me when he said that. I am famous for my smoked
salmon, so I was taken aback when he suggested it... and the double
entendre wasn't lost on me. Then, he shook my hand and gave my wife a
kiss on the cheek. She'd been holding my hand and when he kissed her,
I felt her tremble and squeeze my hand. I think I heard her stifle a
small moan.

And with that, he left. No goodbye, no nothing. When he was gone, my
wife stepped around to face me, grabbed my other hand, and gave me a
kiss. With tongue. Now *that* was a surprise, seeing as how we were in
a large crowd. But it was what she said next that had me so hard that
I had trouble walking for the rest of the event.

"When we get home, I'm going to fuck your brains out," she whispered
into my ear. Adding a playful squeeze to my suddenly rigid manhood,
she hugged me tight and gave me another brief but wet kiss.

Now, my wife is about as conservative as you'd expect a preacher's
wife to be. But she is a hellcat in bed, and in bed is where she lets
loose with that lovely mouth of hers. To say that she talks dirty in
bed is an understatement. And when we got home that night, we counted
the minutes to when we figured our daughter Tera would be asleep. Once
we were pretty sure she was snoozing (or maybe it was that we couldn't
wait another second), we quietly ran to our room and undressed so
quickly you'd think our clothes were on fire.

They weren't, but she was. There was no need for foreplay. She drew me
down to the bed and guided me into her; I slid in easily. She wrapped
her legs around my back, and her pussy clamped down on my dick so hard
I was almost afraid she might squeeze it off. But it felt so good that
I just started pounding into her with all my might.

And quickly, I was rewarded with a shocked scream from her--and I say
"shocked" because it seemed to surprise her that she'd cum so quickly.
But cum she did. All over my dick, and on the bed.

That scene repeated itself for what seemed like an hour--she literally
came every minute or so, each time a little harder than the last. When
I was too tired to go on and only halfway to my own climax, I rolled
onto my back and she mounted me. For a few minutes, she faced me while
she hammered herself down on my prick. After one or two orgasms, she
turned around and rode me even harder, encouraging me to slap her ass
as it bounced up and down on my crotch.

I complied. And after too many screams and growls to count, my wife
finally extracted the seed from my throbbing member into her velvety
grip. She came again, thrashing on me and thoroughly soaking me and
the sheets below us. We passed out later... on the couch. We were too
tired to change the bed and barely made it downstairs.

That was on a Wednesday night. I checked the clock right before I
finally dozed off, and according to my calculations, we'd had a two-
hour sex marathon. We'd never done that before.

As the rest of the week passed, I noticed my wife acting a lot more
playful than I had ever seen her. Behavior that she normally only did
when nobody was around (to keep up appearances) was manifesting itself
anywhere we went--kissing, brief gropes when nobody was looking, and
even some filthy whispering into my ear when people were talking to
me. And each night, we explored each other in ways that only a married
couple should. (Hell, even married couples shouldn't do all the things
we did!)

And when Saturday came around, so did Keith. My daughter and wife were
dressed nicely; maybe overdressed for a simple dinner with one guest
but I did want to impress. I even wore a tie. Keith, however, was
wearing blue jeans and a T-shirt. I shrugged it off, though; some
people don't take these little dinners very seriously. And besides, he
was wearing nice jeans and a clean T-shirt, so it wasn't like he'd
just come in from mowing the lawn.

After the dinner (smoked salmon, a specialty of mine), my wife and
daughter got busy cleaning up the mess (even donning aprons) and Keith
and I retired to the living room. He sat on the couch and I on my
recliner, and each of us was enjoying a nice, cold beer. After the
expected small talk, I turned the conversation to the matter of his
soul and if he was busy Sunday morning.

"Well," he said, "I very well might be busy Sunday morning. But I
wanted to talk about something that's been on my mind since the church
party. Do you think that the women in this town are vying for the
attentions of other men?"

I wasn't planning on letting him drive the conversation to where I
didn't want it to go, but I felt compelled to answer his questions.
"Well, yes. Why else would they all do it? My wife wouldn't get larger
breasts even if I could afford them because she's faithful to me."

"So, your wife is *totally* faithful? Never cheated on you? Never
will?" he asked.

"No," I answered. I knew it for a fact. With a love like my wife and I
had shared for the past fifteen years, there are some things you just
know.

"Well, I put it to you that your wife is such a slut that not only
will she fuck the first man who asks her for a piece of ass, but she
can't even keep her clothes on in another man's presence." He had a
smug look on his face when he said that, and I decided that the
conversation had gone on long enough.

So, I stood up, walked over to him, shook his hand, and guided him out
of the door. Well, that's what I meant to do. It turns out I was
suddenly unable to stand. Or talk. When that realization hit me, the
look of shock on my face made Keith laugh.

"Look, you can't move or talk unless I let you. I'm in control here.
You obviously love your wife and would defend her honor--I find that
sweet. Unimportant, but sweet. Let's test my theory, though, just for
laughs, OK?"

I found myself saying yes before I could even stop my mouth from
forming the word. Then, I called for my wife--loudly.

"Cathy? Can you come in here for a minute?"

She appeared at the door to the living room wearing the apron... and
nothing else. My wife has a nice body but she never shows it off
outside the bedroom, especially in front of our little girl and never
in the presence of another man. She wiped the suds from her hands and,
apparently unaware of the fact that she'd shed most of her clothing,
asked me, "What do you need, hon? I'm kinda busy in there."

Again, I was talking. "Keith here says that you'll fuck any other man
who asks you. I told him you're faithful. Who is right?"

She reddened at my language, but answered anyway. "You know I only
have eyes for you. No other man will ever lay hands on me." The look
on her pretty face told me she was a little insulted by Keith's
comment, even though she hadn't heard it herself. She knows I wouldn't
lie about something like that. Like I said, 15 years of marriage and
you just *know* things.

Keith spoke up then. "Well, we haven't exactly put you to the test.
Let me try, and if I'm wrong, I'll apologize, leave, and be in church
Sunday. If I'm right, then I'll be busy Sunday morning, like I said.
But, what I'll be busy with is your daughter."

I was fuming where I sat, but I could not move or even talk. My wife
was clearly furious and went around to where Keith was sitting, raised
a hand to slap him, but froze when she heard him speak.

"Cathy, would you please pull my cock out and suck on it?" he said.

She stopped her motions, turned around so she was facing me, cocked
her head to the side, and apparently mulled the suggestion over in her
head. After a few seconds, though, she shrugged and said, "Well, since
you asked. Hmph. Funny," she continued as she took his penis out of
the confines of his jeans and lowered her head to it, "nobody's ever
just asked me before. Who knew I was so fucking easy?"

And then she took him in her mouth. That alone was amazing, not
because she didn't normally blow me--she did, and she was good--but
his size was amazing. Easily nine inches long, and she took it all on
the seventh or eighth plunge.

"Oh, and Cathy? When you take me in your mouth--well, any man, I
guess--you'll feel perfectly shaped dicks fucking your pussy and
ass... starting... *now*!"

I saw my wife's ass cheeks clench when he said that last word, and her
hips began to grind against... well, against the phantom cocks, I
guess. Nothing else was there, but she was moaning and speeding up her
oral actions, and obviously approaching an orgasm.

Then, Keith grabbed her head and forced it up and down more rapidly
than she was capable of. She grabbed the couch on either side of him
for support and the sounds of moaning and slobbering became
intermingled as he fucked her face. With amazing control of his voice,
he said, "Cathy, if you play with your clit, I'll shoot a load of cum
in you and let you cum, too."

One hand instantly reached down and began rubbing her love button
furiously, and when he grunted with his orgasm, she shuddered and
screamed with hers. Fluid leaked onto the floor and the hand she'd
been using was very wet with her own juices.

She stood up and swallowed his load, still playing with herself a
little. She was about to go back to the kitchen when Keith told her to
stop and look at his now deflated dick.

She did. And when he snapped his fingers, it sprang back to life...
larger than before.

'It has to be ten inches long!' I thought in amazement... and with a
little jealousy.

"It is ten inches long, Rev. You see, there are a lot of things I can
control here. But you're distracting me." He turned to Cathy and said,
"Now, get over here and plant your pretty pussy on this. Don't worry,
I'm sure you'll be able to take it all and believe me, you'll love
it."

She came over to him, faced me, and lowered herself onto his dick.

"Tell him what it's like, honey," Keith said as she impaled herself on
his huge member and started to pump up and down on it.

"Oh god, honey! Mmmmm... it's so... so big... but it fits... mmmm,
damn, honey, you're almost too big for me sometimes but Keith is huge
and... oooooh, it fits, it's... perfect...."

She couldn't even talk after that. My dick is larger than seven
inches--my wife measured once. And in some positions, I go too far for
her comfort. But she was taking this huge thing in her with no
straining, no grimacing, and no apparent discomfort whatsoever. I
watched as Keith's hands went up to her chest, and that's when I
started to understand what this town was all about.

As he caressed them, they began to swell. She had medium-sized breasts
before--not really big but not really small, either. And, as with most
mothers, they sagged somewhat after her pregnancy and the
breastfeeding of Tera. But, they perked right up under his hands and
clearly began to grow, right in front of me.

"Cathy, listen. I'm making your tits bigger because I'm fucking you
and I like big tits. But, when I do a boob job, I add this as a
bonus." As he said that, he pinched her nipples and twisted them a
little, and she screamed--but not in pain. It looked like the harder
he pinched them, the louder her cries of passion and lust became.

He kept this up while she bounced on his pole, the newly expanded
flesh jiggling obscenely (well, as it could, considering he had a
tight hold on her nips). Every now and then she'd stop her up and down
movements and slide her hips back and forth, apparently savoring the
slightly different sensations for a few moments before starting up
again. The whole time, he just kept a tight hold on her tits, and she
was cumming just from his torture of her nipples. As mad as I was, I
had to admit that seeing that made me get hard.

Probably sensing my thoughts, he slapped her ass and she got up. Then,
she came to me, fished out my hard-on, and began to suck me as Keith
came up behind her and took her, doggy-style. He slammed into her but
she never lost control of her mouth or head, bringing me to the brink
of orgasm quickly and never even coming close to accidentally biting
or rubbing her teeth on me. When Keith announced his second climax
with a loud grunt and powerful thrust, I too went over the edge and
came in my wife's mouth. I'm pretty sure Cathy came, too--she was too
tired to scream about it, though. That, and her mouth was full of my
cum.

I actually smiled when I saw her swallow it.

I reached up and felt my wife's new assets, suddenly able to move
again. Keith went back to the couch and carefully put away his
"package." His smile was too smug for my comfort, but the wonderful
fullness of my wife's breasts was too much of a distraction to allow
me to get too angry. In fact, I discovered that I wasn't mad at all
anymore.

"No, you're not angry, Rev. I took that out of you for the moment.
But, I'll tell ya what. Yes, I was right about your wife--she'll fuck
anyone who asks. And, those new tits will certainly help her get more
propositions. But, you undoubtedly don't want me fucking your daughter
all day tomorrow... and, well, until I get bored with her."

"What are you saying?" I asked. My cock suddenly sprang to life in my
wife's hands--she'd rested her head on my lap and had been idly
playing with it while her breathing calmed down. I looked down, and it
grew to the size Keith's was a moment ago.

"Tell ya what," he continued. "If you want, I'll take away your huge
dick and her huge titties and leave you all alone. I'll even go to
church. But, if you want to keep your new toys--and it is a toy,
'cause it'll get hard anytime you want it to and those nipples are
always 'on'--just let me have your daughter for Sunday. She's cute."

It was a horrible thing to say, and a horrible thing to put to a
married couple with a child. Give my daughter to this... this... this
sexual demon? With just a pair of tits and a superdick for trade?

I sighed. Forcing my mind to rationalize the fact that he would take
her anyway if he wanted, I decided to go with option B. I kept telling
myself, 'He'll do whatever he wants anyway, might as well get some
benefit out of this.' And that thought made me sick... and somehow,
horny.

I was ashamed for even considering his proposition. It's not the right
thing to do by any stretch of the imagination. So, I repeated that
phrase in my head over and over again. 'He'll do it anyway, he'll take
her, just agree or who knows what he'll do....'

"You're right, Rev. I will do what I want. But I tell ya what: I'll
leave you with your improvements and I'll even make it so Cathy will
never cheat on you, ever. Does that help?" Keith asked.

I nodded, finally *accepting the inevitable*. At least, that's what I
told myself I was doing: accepting the inevitable. But... there was no
way I was going to survive as a preacher when my wife fucked anyone
who asked.

"Good. Enjoy your tool and her hot buttons. Hell, tittyfuck her--she
likes it... now, anyway. Oh Tera? Come on, dear. Let's go."

Tera came out of the kitchen, completely naked under her apron. I had
actually forgotten she was in the kitchen with Cathy when she--well,
apparently when both of them--got undressed! Keith stood and went to
her, undoing her apron and dropping it to the floor. He turned her to
face us and got behind her, his hands on her shoulders.

"Mom? Dad? Where's my dress? Why can't I move? Why are you letting
Keith to touch me? What... oh my God, you're naked! Mom, your tits! I
mean, knockers! Fuck, I mean hooters!" Tera yelled, unable to cover
her mouth or even speak properly in front of her parents.

Keith slipped a hand in front of my girl's pubic mound, and all the
hair there fell away.

"The hair removal is permanent and an added bonus, ladies. Neither of
you will ever have to shave again," Keith said as he slipped a finger
into my daughters snatch--but only a little. "Oh, a virgin. You will
be a delight, Tera. Let's go." Tera walked to the door and my wife
stood up, probably to stop her. But she froze in her tracks and looked
down--her tits got a little bigger and all her body hair fell off.

Keith smiled. "Hey, a deal's a deal. She's mine till tomorrow evening.
Oh, and I almost forgot. Tera, be honest: do you want bigger breasts,
to make the girls at school jealous?"

It was a crazy question. The other girls at school had large breasts
for their age; Tera's would have to be huge to make any girl jealous.
But, she nodded her head and said, "Of course. What girl doesn't want
a nice chest?"

And she looked down just in time to see her breasts swell into plump
globes of bouncy flesh. She reached up to feel them to see if they
were real, and then she pinched her nipples. Judging by her squeal, I
guessed that Keith had granted her two orgasm knobs--just like he'd
given my wife. Her boobs looked exactly like my wife's, in fact. Cathy
even tells me that they both wear DD bras when they go out of town.
(No female in town wears a bra, but you probably guessed that.)

I know now that Keith made us forget about our daughter as soon as he
was out the door with her. Cathy and I fucked like crazed animals in
heat for the rest of the evening and all night long. Hell, it was a
struggle to stop long enough to get dressed so I could get in front of
the congregation and give my first sermon. The deacon who had been
filling in was happy that I was on time, although he was a little
dismayed at the fact that my wife couldn't attend. I told him she was
sick, but in truth, she had no clothes to wear that would fit and be
appropriate for church.

After the service that Sunday, only a few people asked about my
daughter and wife's absence. That scared me a little at the time, but
not because of the town's apparent indifference to the fact that the
new preacher's wife and daughter weren't at church on his first day at
work. After all, Keith had put his finger into almost every pie in
town. Even mine. *And my daughter's*. No, what really scared me was
the fact that, during the service, Tara *was* there.

Nobody saw her. Like I said, a few even asked about her--but she was
there. She sat, naked as a jaybird, at the end of the front left pew.
As the first part of the service went on, I noticed several teenagers
exchanging seats with people who had been in that pew. It was weird to
see seven teenagers sitting up front for church, but I kept on with
the sermon and was about to have the choir start a song when Keith
walked up to me.

"I know I said I'd be busy with her. But, we had so much fun that I
thought I'd let you see how talented your little girl is... now. Don't
worry, though. Unlike that asshole you replaced, I like you. I really
do. So, nobody will notice what she's doing. Or, maybe they will and
just won't talk about it or do anything about it. I'll let you worry
about that. It's show time!"

When he said that, I was less worried about the fact that he'd
seemingly appeared out of nowhere to talk to me than I was about my
daughter's sudden squeal. I looked around and nobody appeared to have
heard it. Looking back at my daughter, I caught her masturbating and
looking to her right.

The boy who had been sitting next to her was getting a blowjob from
the girl next to him! From what I saw, she was pretty good, too; her
tongue would slip out every now and then and tease his shaft while she
sucked on his head. The boy sure looked like he appreciated her
efforts, anyway. By the time the mystery girl had gotten her blouse
and skirt off (not easy when your lips are wrapped around cock, I'd
imagine), my little Tera had three fingers in her own dripping, wet
sex and was twisting her nipple with a free hand to elicit a loud
orgasm. (It seemed to go unheard, too.)

The girl who was giving the boy some oral satisfaction was a knockout,
perfect ass and tits (to be expected, I know now) and very agile. She
shifted from her original position at his side and was between his
legs in no time, pointing her glistening folds in my direction.
Somehow, after the choir was done, I found myself giving the next part
of the sermon on autopilot as my attention was focused on the scene in
front of me. And when Tera got up and approached the girl's ass, I got
a little worried... and curious.

Tera looked briefly at me, and the look on her face was one that you'd
expect to see on a skinny girl who had just been told she could eat
all the chocolate she wanted and would never gain an ounce. She even
licked her lips, winked at me, and then turned around to kneel behind
the girl, bringing her face to the other's pussy and ass.

After what I imagine were a few tentative licks, I guess she found the
taste appealing because she plastered her face into the girl's behind,
licking and slurping and making the girl in front of her moan into the
dick she was sucking. I saw Tera snake a hand down to her pussy to
enter it with as many fingers as she could manage. She draped her
other arm over the small of the back of the girl whose bottom she was
cleaning. I think I even saw the girl in front reach down to play with
her own clit, but my view was obstructed.

Before I was far into the sermon, I called for another song. After the
first verse, I heard the mingled screams and grunts of the threesome
in front of me, and by the looks of them, they'd all just cum. The
girl who blew that guy turned around and kissed my daughter, and I can
only imagine what was in her mouth at the time. They fondled each
other a little as the kiss went on, pinching each other's nipples to
see who would cum first. The girl did, so I guess Tera won. In a weird
way, I was proud.

Then, I noticed some movement over to the left of that scene. While
the freshly blown kid idly stroked his softening penis ('It's much
smaller than mine,' I thought with a guilty twinge of pride), the
remaining three boys in the row all got naked. And hard.

Tera walked over to them, swaying her hips seductively and running her
hands all over her now perfect body. She teased them with light
touches and quick gropes, and they were begging to be the first in
line for what she was obviously going to offer. Surprising all three
of them, she stood on the pew, putting her pussy right in front of the
middle boy's face. He didn't need to be told what to do and leaned
forward, tongue already out, and began eating (with gusto) the
hairless snatch presented to him.

The other guys watched and stroked themselves, enjoying the scene. The
girl on the very end of the pew even got up and undressed. Not only
were her tits pretty big (but not as big as my girl's were), but her
nipples were pierced and a short stud ran through each one. She
curtseyed facing me, and promptly turned around to grab the boy's
dick. The boy who was eating my daughter out, that is. Still standing,
she started to pump it slowly and leaned forward to lick my girl's
asshole.

By the time the song was over, I had stepped back up to the pulpit to
continue the sermon. Again, I was seemingly on autopilot. As I talked
about... well, whatever was written on my sermon note sheet, my girl
was grinding her hips onto the faces beneath her, and probably
pinching her nipples. I say this because even though her back was to
me, she kept her arms in one spot near her chest--and she would yell
or scream (or sometimes grunt or moan) every so often.

Then, the pierced girl walked away from the scene and Tera slid down
the boy's body. She kissed him deeply and guided his hard-on into her
more-than-ready cunt. The boy who had gotten the blowjob earlier was
now pretty busy fucking the girl who'd blown him, and the girl he was
fucking reached down to her purse and pulled out a small bottle of
something.

The guy sitting between the copulating kids took the bottle and
smeared the liquid from it all over his still-hard and probably aching
dick. While he did this, the boy on the other side (who had been
sitting next to the girl with pierced nipples before she... well, I
couldn't see where she had run off to, not that I was about to turn
away from the debauchery) stood up on the pew, pointing his member at
my girl's face. And she inhaled it like nothing I've ever seen.

I have to admit, Tera has always been good at everything she's done
and this was no exception. She could bounce on the man below her and
suck the guy to her side with an efficiency and allure that most porn
stars probably never know. And when the only guy who hadn't gotten any
finally came up behind my daughter and eased himself into her ass, I
heard her moan loudly and saw her speed up, not waiting for the boys
below her to do anything. *She* was fucking *them*, not the other way
around.

Right about then, I realized that I should not be admiring the scene
in front of me. This wasn't right; I was actually feeling pride by
watching my daughter please three guys at once! My mind whirled,
trying to figure out my sudden complacency, but before I figured it
out I felt a tug at my pants. Remember that girl with the pierced
nipples? Well, she was now on her knees in the hollow of the podium,
unzipping my pants... and fishing out my enhanced manhood.

I then discovered that I was on autopilot. I tried to object or even
move away, but I just stood there and allowed this pretty girl to give
me the best blowjob I'd had to that point. As I continued to talk, I
realized my sermon was about adultery. And when I began thrusting my
hips into the girl's face, I suddenly understood that Keith had really
fucked with my head. This adultery sermon, complete with a public orgy
for my eyes only, was probably his idea of a joke.

I looked around and saw that everybody was still oblivious to what was
going on. My daughter, pressed between two sweaty guys, continued to
fuck them with every bit of strength and speed she could muster. The
guy she was blowing was literally fucking her face, just like I was
doing to the girl on her knees at my feet.

I sensed that the end of the sermon was nigh, so I sped up my actions.
I shot out a spurt of cum that my little cocksucker swallowed whole.
When I opened my eyes, I saw that my girl hung limp over the boy
beneath her, and the one who had been fucking her ass pulled out and
flopped down on the pew, right where the guy Tera had been blowing was
standing. He stumbled a little but managed to get his balance and sat
down, bending over to sort out the discarded clothing in front of the
pew.

I seemed to gain control after that, and I started the prayer to end
the service. As I did, I looked around discretely and found that the
kids in the front row were getting dressed--except for my daughter.
She weakly picked herself up and approached me.

I extended the prayer, suddenly afraid that Keith would let everybody
see her. She whispered to me, "See you tonight, Daddy. I have a lot to
do!" and walked out the front door. I still don't know where Keith was
this whole time, but that's probably what he wanted.

Oh, we got Tera back late Sunday night. She was naked and appeared to
be freshly-fucked. She did have a message for us, though.

"Keith wanted me to tell you that he's not going to fuck with us
anymore since we were so nice and didn't hit him. But, he wants me to
warn you that I'm going to work hard and hopefully turn into a slut. A
super-slut, that is. I'll fuck anybody I can, even girls, if they show
enough interest and can get me alone where nobody can see."

I was about to say something about that, but she interrupted me with a
burst of high-pitched giggles before I could do more than open my
mouth.

"You know," she said when she stopped laughing, "I mean like a quickie
in a car on a country road, a blowjob in tent on a campout, some nasty
float trip fun, an orgy in a field, or something. Oh, and he said he
did that to me because, like, every preacher's daughter he's ever
known was a slut deep down inside. He likes you and stuff, so he
thought he'd make me tell you. He also said not to try to stop it
'cause I'll only get worse if you do."

She laughed again and added, "I can't wait to be a slut! I had so much
fun in church... haha this is going to be great! Thanks for having
Keith over for dinner, dad!!"

Then, she kissed and hugged me and my wife and ran upstairs.

Well, it's been months since that Sunday and Keith was right. Tera
sneaks out of the house and has been caught fucking guys two times by
the police. Thankfully, they just drop her off here. We all go to
church and everything else in our lives is pretty much normal, all
things considered. We're up to three bottles of anal lube per month,
and we've learned to control the screaming enough to stop waking up
our little girl (when she is home, that is).

To be honest, I don't know if I like Kackenburg or not. Well, that's
not entirely true. It's just what I say to myself so I can sleep at
night... after fucking the wife's brains out.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2005, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.

