Naked Wild Camping With Katya
by AlessandraC

My first nude adventure of the year camping and exploring.

To give you some context, I'm a 25 year old girl, originally from the UK. I've always hated wearing clothes, I'm naked whenever possible. This wasn't always feasible back in the UK, but several years ago my parents moved to the south of Spain where I've been able to be largely clothes free (nudity isn't illegal in Spain). We live in a remote community in the foothills of mountains, near national parks. The result is that except during the coldest 2-3 months I am now continuously and happily nude.

This is my first story so please be kind with my mistakes. I've just had the most fab weekend so wanted to share. Some highlights; my friend Katya helped me pack the night before. As always I was naked. Katya won't strip off when my parents are around so she was in a baby blue t shirt and small white cotton knickers. My Mum had picked out some of the few clothes I actually own and had filled my backpack with socks, knickers, jeans, t shirts and a fleecy top. Jeans and knickers! Yeah right, not worn those for years. So out they went leaving my baggage much lighter. We spent the rest of the evening watching TV, Katya and me cuddled up on the sofa. Mum & Dad are fine with that as long as there is no between the legs touching in front of them.

Next morning Katya picked me up from outside the house in her little car. I pretended to be thumbing a lift as a naked hitchhiker! We drove for a couple of hours into the hills, a national park in the mountains here in south of Spain. We parked in the furthest possible car park and then walked half way round a lake with our gear to pitch tent in quietest spot. Bit of fun together in the tent then went off for a quick explore, both still naked.

When we got back about an hour later a couple of guys had pitched their tent about 500 metres along the lakeside. Bit annoyed at invasion of our space but not worth moving tent. They would have been able to see we weren't wearing anything it was but too far away to get a clear photo. We then did a trail for a few hours up into the hills. Katya wore a white t shirt & red bikini bottoms. I just wore sunscreen initially, but then a crop top as the rucksack straps were rubbing my shoulders. The trail was fairly quiet but we did meet some others. Some stopped to chat. Different reactions to bottomless me- I've seen every reaction over the years from disgust to lust- most didn't refer to it or pretended not to notice. One group of women said "hey, I wish I had your courage, go for it girl!!".

Got back to our camp and went into the lake to wash off the dust which sticks when you're covered in sunscreen, and get some soothing cool water in my hot and sticky bits. It was mega cold water as it's early in the year. We cooked up some dinner on a portable stove and shared a bottle of wine. It did start to get cold. We both put on the fleecy jackets we'd brought. Then we noticed the guys down the lake had lit a fire by their tent, and we said we wished we'd brought fire lighting stuff. I stood up, and unravelling my tangled pussy lips I said to Katya "these flaps can get us a favour" and walked off towards the boy's camp, in my fleecy top but naked below the waist.

At this stage I'd better describe my body; it's a strange one in a couple of respects, which sometimes makes permanent nudity more challenging. My breasts are tiny, almost non-existent. I have two bright pink nipples which stick out about half an inch or so depending on temperature and arousal, and that's it. But what I lack in tits is more than offset by my freaky pussy. My inner lips are just mad, protruding by around 3 inches into the gap between my legs, but can be stretched and pulled out literally 6 inches, or can shrink back to an inch if it's cold. Moving up towards my hairless pubic mound, my slit extends a long way up, forming a deep pink groove before it meets my clit which is usually peeking out from under a fleshy hood. By then we are most of the way up my mound so everything is upfront and spectacularly on display. I was once called a 'walking vagina' which is probably a fair description. I did see a specialist about it a few years ago, as horse riding and cycling can be painful. It turns out the medical term is 'hypertropic labia' and the breast thing is just genetics. Mum said I could have surgery for both and Dad said he would pay but then I wouldn't be 'me' anymore, plus the thought of having my lips actually cut off scares me.

The two lads literally had their mouths hanging open when they saw me up close, but talked normally enough when I said "Hola!" and asked them if they could lend us any matches to light our own fire. Pussy power works, they couldn't have been more helpful and even came over to our camp to help us find dry driftwood and bits of moss etc to start the fire. Katya made a quick retreat into the tent to put some knickers on when she saw us coming!

We soon had a great fire going and the lads stayed with us chatting for a couple of hours after going back to their tent to bring some beers. The mix of wine & beer was hitting me and I was soon sitting astride a fallen tree log with my legs spread wide. I realised we had to show the boys there was nothing sexual in it for them so no-one got false hopes. I explained we are an item and I moved next to Katya, kissed her and put an arm round each other, sideways on the log this time. I had drunk more than I usually would by then and had to go for a wee. I thought I'd gone off miles in the dark but apparently I was a short distance away and in full view. I sat down again behind Katya and cuddled her from behind, slipping my hand in her fleecy top and fondling her breasts while we chatted to the guys. She told me later I had been 'like an octopus', unzipping her top and with my hand down her knickers at one point but I don't remember doing that, not sure if she was joking me. We had to make heavy hints for them to go in the end, I think they were expecting a lesbian sex show. Had a good night, kept warm by zipping the two sleeping bags together and naked spooning.

Next morning (Sunday) I woke with a sore head and had to fight Katya off me but I gave in in the end and we made quite a bit of noise that the boys might have heard at their camp. When we unzipped the tent it was dazzlingly bright. There were some beers the boys left behind last night, so I thought I'd take them back to them to clear my head with some fresh air, and just for the LOLs of seeing their reaction to seeing me fully naked (except sunglasses) for the first time and not just bottomless. Again a 'mouths open' moment when they saw the full picture of not only my freaky flapping pussy lips, still extra swollen and wet from Katya's recent attentions, but also my little pink nips on my flat chest. I do like to shock, and felt that pussy tingle and more wetness returning after Katya's recent attentions. They had re-lit their fire and had some coffee going and they offered us some. I shouted over for Katya to join us, she went back in the tent and re-emerged just in a pair of white cotton knickers. So the boys got to see her boobs for the first time too. They wanted to join us on our walk but I persuaded them we'd be too slow. Had to remind them 'no photos' a couple of times and to put their phones down. They were scheduled to leave when they got back from their trek so we said "adios" and they both hugged Katya and me. Hand on my bum from one of them and his fingers just touched the edge of my labia.

Back at our tent, t shirts on and set off with our rucksacks. We skirted the edge of the lake and then turned upwards. It was colder higher up so we had to put our fleecy tops on. Katya said I'd get frostbitten pussy flaps, but it wasn't quite that cold, but they did noticeably pucker up and shrink. After a couple of hours climb we reached the summit. On the spur of the moment I stripped everything off and climbed to the top of the pile of rocks at the highest point. I did a quick Tarzan impression- beating my chest and doing the yodel as loudly as I possibly could. The sound seemed to travel and echo for miles and it felt wonderful to be stood up there in the sunshine totally naked and free.

The climb back down was uneventful except for a guy wanting to have his photo taken with me. He was a bit of a nerd and I felt sorry for him, he'd maybe never seen a pussy in the flesh before (and mine has acres of flesh). In the end I let his friend take a picture of him standing between Katya and me, but I concealed my ID by pulling my t shirt up over my face. Katya didn't cover her face but she did at least have knickers & a top on.

When we got back to the tent the boys were just packing up. I was fully naked again when they came over to our camp and gave us the spare beers from the night before, plus matches and some bits of food. They were in swimming shorts and I was up for having a skinny dip with them but they seemed to be in a hurry to leave. Their loss. One of the weird things I like to do is get guys naked in situations like this and try to get them hard, just for the laugh. Odd because I wouldn't want them inside me. Been there, done that at uni and it's not for me now. We said "adios" again, more hugs, more hands grabbing my bum again but missed touching my labia this time.

We got cleaned up and refreshed in the lake, re-lit the fire, had tea, watched a fabulous sunset over the mountains, drank the beers and got into our tent. Next morning (Monday) we got up super early- I successfully kept Katya off my clit and out of my pussy this time as I needed to be back at work by lunchtime. Katya dropped me back home, quick shower, ready for a brisk walk across the fields to stables where I work. The owner is kind and broad minded enough to let me work clothes free at the stables which is wonderfully amazing, but I'll save all that for another time. I was back to my regular nudie life but feeling really refreshed and buzzing.
