It really all began when I got drunk with my roommates one night. They were about to be married and I was their live-in third wheel. We were up late that night watching movies and drinking glass after glass of wine.
Katie and Phillip were a beautiful couple in a cute little house with two cute little dogs. Katie had long dark hair that fell perfectly down her back and over her caramel-colored shoulders. Her body was fit, but still soft and rounded. Phillip was very tall and lanky with hipster glasses and a big smile. He was my friend first - we met in college our freshman year and were instant friends. When Katie came into the picture, she was my instant friend as well, and the three of us remained close, even after their engagement.
Our drunken night kept evolving until we were eventually just talking and laughing tipsily on our couch while the dogs slept at our feet. Finally, I tapped out and went to bed, which usually just meant lying down and playing on my phone until I fell asleep.
I could hear them talking and moving but didn't pay much attention to them until I heard a very loud moan of pleasure from Katie. I suddenly paid a lot of attention, and could hear Phillip get up and put their dogs outside quickly. I followed his footsteps back to his room and then the moaning started again.
The bathroom in our house is in between our bedrooms; that is, our rooms are connected by the bathroom. Sometimes their door pops open when our heating/cooling system kicks on and off, and that must have happened because I could hear Katie moan and sigh so clearly. Usually, they play music and are conscious of the noise they make, but it seemed as though the alcohol had lowered their usual walls and I could hear Katie moan and cry out beautifully with pleasure.
A tightness grew below my belly button and my hips bucked up involuntarily when I heard Katie whimper loudly. I don't know why, but I wanted to get closer. I walked slowly and quietly to the door and with every step, their fucking was louder and I could hear more detail of their rendezvous.
I leaned against my wall and reached my hand down into my panties. As Katie's noises rose and fell, I in turn rubbed my clit faster or slower, harder or faster. I shoved a corner of my towel into my mouth so I wouldn't cry out when Katie and I seemed to come at the same time.
In my sleep that night, I dreamt of Katie and Phillip fucking in front of me, no holds barred.
A few weeks later, we were getting drunk again and found ourselves talking about sex and kinks.
"I'm a bit of a voyeur, I think," I confessed, brave from the tequila.
"Really? I wouldn't have guessed that," Katie said, surprised.
"Yeah, I mean, I think. You know how you just know you'd like something and you don't need to have done it to be sure?"
"Yeah, definitely," Phillip said.
"I think we're probably a little exhibitionist," Katie confessed with a shy smile at Phillip.
"Oh yeah, I agree," Phillip said. "I mean, I'm into a lot of stuff but that's one that sounds so hot to me."
We began to discuss other things, but I couldn't help but notice Phillip's hand resting on Katie's inner thigh inch closer and closer to her clothed pussy. In turn, I noticed Katie's hand brush against Phillip's cock more than once, seemingly innocently.
Phillip looked at Katie and smiled. "You're so cute, babe," he said before leaning down to kiss her. Katie grinned as their lips pressed together.
Usually they would pull apart, but this time they didn't. Katie let out breathy sighs and Phillip moaned softly into her mouth. Their hands moved all over each other's bodies and Phillip's thumb slipped into Katie's mouth as he moved his lips to her neck.
I stood up to leave, but Phillip suddenly grabbed my hand and pulled me back down.
"Stay," he said between kisses, and Katie nodded enthusiastically.
"You're so hot, babe," Phillip said as he reached his hand down and rubbed his palm over Katie's tight black shorts. She sighed happily and pushed her crotch into his hand. His other hand reached under her soft tank top and squeezed her tit before adjusting her so he could close his mouth over her nipple through the fabric of her shirt. Her other nipple hardened and peaked under her top and she reached a hand up to pinch it.
"Fuck me, baby," she whined. He groaned and pulled her shorts down, revealing her hairy pussy glistening with her wetness. Instead of pulling out his cock, he sank down to his knees in front of the couch and dove his face in between her legs. Her thighs closed around his head as she cried out. She reached out and took hold of his hair.
"Oh god, yes, yes," she sighed out. My pussy throbbed at the sight of her hands tangled in his hair and his head moving and shaking as he ate her pussy. He finally slid two fingers inside of her and I felt my wetness reaching my panties.
"You like that?" he asked and Katie nodded, her eyes closed and mouth open. He went up to kiss her and she wrapped her arms around him while they kissed. Suddenly, she pulled him to her and maneuvered him under her.
She pulled down his pants and boxers and revealed his hard cock. Without preamble, she sunk her mouth over it and bobbed up and own.
"Oh fuck, oh god," he said as her pretty head went up and down, up and down over his glistening cock.
"Stop, I don't wanna come yet," he said, and she smiled as she wiped her mouth and sat up.
"Let's move to the bedroom," she said, and he nodded. I figured this was my cue to go, but as a stood and moved toward my bedroom, Katie laughed and grabbed my hand and pulled me with them.
Katie motioned me to lie down and she pushed my skirt up slightly so she could see my underwear. She then made Phillip lie next to me, his cock sticking straight up. She climbed onto him and sank onto him slowly, her eyes fluttering open and closed with every inch of her he filled. She began to move.
"Oh, fuck, fuck, FUCK," she groaned, scratching Phillip's chest lightly. She looked over at me and my clit throbbed at the look in her eyes.
"Touch yourself," she commanded between moans.
I obeyed, lifting my skirt and sliding my hand under my panties. Katie watched my hand move under my panties for a few seconds before just making eye contact with me, her mouth a little agape, her eyes sometimes forced closed with pleasure.
Phillip had one hand on Katie's waist and reached the other one over and slid it underneath my underwear, joining mine. I pulled my hand out, moaning at the sensation of his warm, foreign fingers rubbing my clit. When one thick finger pushed inside me, I cried out and bucked my hips up. His strong hand pushed me back down and mine and Katie's noises mingled together in the air, filling the room.
"Fuck her," Katie moaned before getting off of him and letting him roll on top of me. She laid down where he had been and began to touch herself, one hand pumping in and out of herself while the other squeezed her nipples.
Phillip leaned down and kissed me messily as he slowly pushed inside of my pussy. I yelped and then sighed at the sensation of him filling me up, one I had never experienced.
"Fuck, she's so tight," he said to Katie.
"Fuck her good," Katie replied.
He began to pump in and out of me slowly, and I could see why Katie was so loud that night I overheard them. The pleasure wasn't just in my pussy; it was mental and physical and felt throughout all of me.
"Sit on her face," Phillip said to Katie, and I throbbed at the thought.
Katie dutifully climbed up until her pussy hovered above my mouth. I reached up, eager to taste, and licked her clit hard. She cried out and let her pussy fall onto me.
I squeezed her soft, perfectly round ass while I licked and sucked and fucked Katie's delicious hot pussy. As Katie's moans grew, Phillip began to fuck me harder and rougher and faster, making me scream out. Every scream vibrated against Katie's clit, making her cry out in turn, eventually having her screaming and writhing on top of me, her hands tangled in my hair and pulling it, pushing me closer to climax.
I took some of Katie's juices and used them to stick a finger into her ass hole. She screamed and bent forward, her fingers finding my clit above Phillip's cock and beginning to rub furiously. Phillip pumped in and out of me faster, and the combined sensations of Katie's pussy on my face, her fingers on my clit, and Phillip's hard cock pumping in and out of me finally sent me over the edge, crying and screaming and moaning wildly in unison with Katie. Phillip pumped a few more times before pulling out and shooting his hot load over me and Katie's intertwined bodies. Katie finally collapsed on top of me, her head resting near my pussy.
I reached down and swiped a finger through the cum that Phillip had ejaculated onto Katie's thigh and stuck the finger in my mouth. I moaned at the taste of him and he ran his fingers through my sweaty hair. Katie looked up to see what we were doing and smiled at us. She stuck out her tongue and licked my clit, making me shudder and writhe away. She laughed and did it again.
"Knock it off," I said with a laugh. We giggled together and she moved up and kissed me.
"We've been wanting to do that for so long," Katie said as she rubbed her hand over my body.
"I've been wanting it, too," I replied, reaching over and rubbing Phillip's thigh.
"So what does this mean?" Phillip asked. "Do you want to do this again? We'll understand if you just want to do it once."
Instead of replying, I leaned over and kissed him while fondling one of Katie's tits. "I go wherever you two go."