Chapter 7: "Sit on my face"

Deirdre and Thomas helped Giles, Phillip and Ethan pack. They were all exhausted. Thomas's arm was broken. Eyghon had been sent back to where he belonged and with a lot of illusions they covered the broken window and disguised the dead bodies.

Despite fearing to, Giles had contacted his father and told him of a vampire attack at his flat. The Watchers Council helped move the disguised corpses and the place was scrubbed clean with magic. Telyn's body had turned into a purple mass that smelled of rotten eggs, cabbage and dead skunk.

The youths forced their fatigued bodies to their limits to pack and move out of the flat. They would skip out on the damaged doors, wall and windows but at least no one would know murders had taken place inside.

"I can't believe Telyn was a succubus," Ethan ventured his first words since the attack.

"I can't believe you tried to turn me into a woman then cast a love spell on me!" Giles snarled, shutting up the last box from his room.

"I was trying to cast it on Telyn," Ethan replied unapologetically. "Rather glad it didn't work in retrospect."

"I kissed you, you wanker! If it wasn't for Deirdre we'd have..." Giles let the thought trail off with a full body shudder.

"Get over it, Ripper," Ethan said with a little shudder of his own. "No one got hurt, well, not until Telyn started duking it out with vampires."

"Where to now?" Thomas asked, trying to redirect the conversation.

"Deirdre already got us a flat in her building. We can get this all in there by tomorrow," Giles said. "My father thinks were moving into a place near Oxford."

"Not going where the Watchers can watch us," Ethan said, making a face.

"None of us do but I needed to say I would to get the Watchers help with the bodies," Giles replied. "And then I'm going to kick your ass again, Ethan."

Ethan snorted. "You can try."

"Forget him, Ripper. I say you and I just go away for a long dirty weekend in Wales," Deirdre said, kissing Giles' cheek.

He smiled. "Sounds wonderful."

"Yeah, whoopee. What’s in Wales?" Ethan jeered.

Giles leaned over and gave Deirdre a more proper kiss. "Morfa Dyffryn."

"Huh?"

"Golden sand, clear water," Deirdre purred, running a hand up Giles thigh.

"And the best nude beach in all of Great Britain." Giles shot Ethan a superior smile.

XXX

Spike picked splinters from Dru's hair as they showered together. The wood was the remains of the kitchen table. They had broken it after making love in the bed, on the couch and floor had been tried. Dru still had rug burns on her knees and he was sure she had nearly scratched furrows in his back all the way to the bone.

Their lips met as warm water trickled over them removing the sticky remains of their exertions. Gavin had been wrong. Spike was still female when they collected the newly risen vampire John Cleese. Gavin was so star stuck he insisted Cleese go home with him. Dru had been disappointed but Spike reminded of her of the spell's expiration date. She decided having her boy back as a boy was more exciting than playing with her new son. 
Spike was more than glad to see Gavin and Cleese go. And he hadn't ever been happier in his life than when the bells tolled midnight and pain tore through his chest and groin. That was nothing to him. It meant the spell was reversing. He couldn't describe the joy of reaching down and feeling the two familiar globes of flesh between his legs.

He and Dru had been making almost constant use of his returned equipment ever since. Dru reached around him and turned off the water. She dried off and danced back toward the bed. He gently pushed her down on the mattress and she languidly stroked him.

"Dru, pet."

She smiled up at him. "Yes, my sweet star?"

"Sit on my face and tell me that you love me."