I pulled into the driveway and sat, pondering in the car, for a few moments. She was different, and The Corporation didn't like different. We would both be incarcerated or worse if anyone ever discovered her true nature. I ran my fingers through my sweaty hair. It's ok. Everything will be fine. She's just different, not stupid. Haven't been caught in the three weeks since the incident, and never will. She's just a friend from overseas. Got it on paper. Luckily, that story was more believable coming from a government scientist in as high standing as myself.
I caught a few patrolling Upholders in the corner of my vision. Trying to act casual, I gathered my jacket and suitcase, exited the car and swung the door closed as though nothing was bothering me. I mistakenly made eye contact with one of them. I couldn't tell if the sweat on my brow was old or new anymore. I almost raised a hand to wave. Idiot.
One of the Upholders simply nodded in my direction. "Citizen."
I choked a little. "Uh, yeah." I turned and walked up the driveway, jogged up the steps and quickly unlocked my door.
The door closed loudly, and after hyperventilating like a quivering pussy for a moment, a heard something I didn't expect. Rather, didn't hear. Silence.
I adjusted my glasses and looked around cautiously, expecting a surprise attack at any moment, though I wasn't sure who I was expecting to attack.
"Hanji?"
There was no response. I immediately panicked, dropping my jacket and case on the floor. Where was she? Did they take her? Did she run off? Was she ok? "Hanji?" As I crossed past the stairs toward the kitchen, I began to hear the sound of running water coming from above.
I caught my breath and let out an immense sigh of relief, leaning on the banister of the stairwell, my hand clutching my chest. "Ok." I picked up my things and put them in their proper places, and was about to go into the kitchen to prepare dinner, but stopped. There was something, deep in the back of my mind, that was nagging at me. What if she left the water running and THEN got kidnapped, man? What if she's hurt up there? You at least have to check on her, asshole.
"Shit." I turned around and slid my hand across the soft white wood railing as I began to ascend the staircase. As I approached the bathroom, directly to the left off the stairs, the air became warmer and extremely humid. I stepped off the last stair and into the upstairs hall. There was light coming from the bathroom; the door was ajar and there was steam almost billowing from the opening. I moved a little closer to the door and peaked in. At the other end of the large bathroom was the shower. The curtain was drawn, and I could see the shape of Hanji behind it, enjoying herself and humming something.
"Hmm, hmmhmm hmm hmm, meow, I'm a wet kitty cat. Wet, wet, kitty cat, getting nice and clean, hmm hmm hhhhhmmmmmm hmm hmm meow meow meow..."
Good lord. Well, she was fine, no need to intrude... but I should at least announce myself, right? I quietly pushed the door open and moved around it, leaving it ajar behind me. My glasses quickly fogged up in the intense humidity, and just as I removed them to wipe them down, I heard a squeak as the shower turned off, and the metallic scratch of the shower curtain being pulled aside.
Even though I couldn't see, I tried to avert my eyes. "Terribly sorry, just wanted to let you know I'm..."
"MASTER!" Her bright, adorable voice cried from across the room, and I had barely replaced my now de-fogged glasses when I saw a blur of peachy skin and purple fur leap from the tub and come barreling toward me.
"Oh shit!" I choked as I was tackled against the door, which slammed shut with a loud thud.
My glasses had been displaced, nearly sideways on my head, and I felt a warm, wet tongue dragging across my face, and the poke of a chin lightly touching my own. My arms were pinned, and I couldn't see much through the warped perspective of my glasses. My face went hot as I tried to struggle free.
"Master, Master, master!" Hanji sang, now rubbing her head against my shoulder. She stopped for a moment and looked up to me. A soft giggle bubbled from her mouth.
"Oh, oops!" She laughed, removing my lopsided glasses and placing them correctly.
I caught a faint glimpse, but averted my eyes quickly. "Ooookay!" I could tell my face was bright red.
"That's better! Purr..." She went back to her affectionate rubbing, curled up against me. Now that she wasn't exposed, I looked back. Her large purple cat ears stood straight up and twitched back and forth, and her long tail, punctuated with a tuft of white fluff at the end, tapped at the ground happily. My eyes followed her tail from its end to its start, until they met the curves of her slender figure, her butt rocking subtly back and forth as her tail tapped.
I inhaled sharply and tried to look away. Three weeks ago, she was a cat. An actual cat. My pet. I did not want to think of her that way. But, would it still be bestiality if... no. No amount of government chemicals could change that fact that she was my darling kitty. Just my pet.
Despite this, I felt something welling up in my crotch, the groin of my pants beginning to stretch and press against Hanji's stomach. She stopped rubbing and pushed herself up from me, looking down to my now obviously full-of-erect- penis pants. Her eyes went wide and her ears perked up. I closed my eyes and turned my head away in utter embarrassment.
"Mrow? I didn't know you liked rubs that much, master..." She snickered in my ear. "This is new..." I could feel her hand dragging down my chest, across my stomach... I turned back toward her and cracked one eye, then the other as my eyes met hers, those piercing, bright yellow eyes. Her gaze was enchanting and sensual, almost devious. In my peripheral vision I could see her sizable breasts squeezed against my chest, her torso almost bouncing on top of them as she moved.
She leaned in, and I twitched as she ran the tip of her nose up my neck and over my chin, past my ear—she quietly giggled as she nibbled gently on my earlobe. Her hand continued downward until it finally reached my erection, and she glided a finger back and forth across the crotch of my pants, making me even harder with the strange sensation of my underwear across my shaft. I was dumbfounded. She had never acted like this before, not once.
Wait, what was I doing? No!
I gave Hanji a light push, which elicited a surprised "mrow!" from her, and scrambled to my feet, my heart pounding. I panted, leaning against the wall. Hanji remained on the floor, now looking up to me on her knees. "Meeoow?"
I glanced down at her, and let out a lustful, angry sigh. She was perfect.
Her tits were the perfect size, C-cups, and her midriff was tight and fit. I loved her hair, naturally purple and just above shoulder-length. Her tail swayed and flicked restlessly beside her head. Her thighs squeezed together in front of her, hiding her privates, but the way everything squished and slid, wet skin on wet skin, as she gazed at me quizzically with her adorable feline eyes, was driving me insane.
"I just, no, I can't..." I reached over to the sink and grabbed her pile of clothes, including her thick rimmed glasses, presenting them to her. She took the clothes, but showed no intention of adorning them.
"Please, just get dressed. I'm about to make dinner, okay?" I turned to the door and reached for the knob, when a voice sang from behind me.
"Maaaasteeeerrrrrr..."
I slowly turned back, and was met with the irresistible sight of Hanji with glasses now donned. She was purposefully posing on her hands and knees, chest out, her still-wet tits squished between her arms, and licking her teeth deviously. Her round ass swayed behind her, and her tail flicked from left to right in a wide rhythm.
"Master, I just wanna play with you... pleeeeeease?"
Who was this? This wasn't my Hanji, an innocent housecat. Had she always had these feelings towards me? Had she always wanted to share her sexual desires with me, halted by a difference in compatibilities between our species?
Surely enough, something in me began to change. She was here, she was relatively human, and she was dropping more than hints...what did I have to lose? No. I cleared my throat and reached toward the bathroom door.
"Mrow?"
My hand stopped one last time and I glanced back to my kitty; her head was cocked and her eyes were glowing with expectation and almost disappointment. She looked so betrayed. So cute...
My fingers closed around the lock, and turned it. The door locked with a snap. "What...what did you have in mind, Hanji?"
She lit up immediately, mewling and swaying her ass and tail in pure joy. "Well, master," she laughed, pulling me away from the door. "I saw something in your computer browser history that looked like a lot of fun!"
My face went as hot as lava. "Oh, I...umm..." My heart was beating even harder than before as Hanji knelt down in front of me. My dick was still hard as a rock, and Hanji grinned as she skillyfully removed my belt with her teeth and tossed it behind her. Giggling, she again used her mouth to grab onto the zipper of my pants and pull it down. Without hesitation, she pulled my pants down to my knees and licked her lips as she gazed at the bulge in my underpants.
"Master, how could you possibly say no when this guy is so obviously saying yes?"
My breathing was growing faster in anticipation, and I stood completely still and just let her do what she wanted. What could it hurt?
She pulled down on my underpants, which pulled my erection down with them until it slid out and bounced up, raging in the still-humid bathroom air. I kicked my pants and underwear out of the way.
"Mrow," Hanji cooed, taking a finger and prodding the head playfully. I winced. It was the first time in a long time that someone other than myself had touched me. There were strict laws against unlicensed sex, and even then most impregnation was artificial. This was so far beyond illegal, even with a human. With a xeno, a person who was considered "too different", like Hanji, this was a death sentence. But I wanted it. No, I needed it.
I could tell my dick was throbbing now, and I could barely stand the teasing. Not wasting any time, Hanji spat on my shaft and wrapped the fingers of both her hands around it. My fingers clenched so tightly my knuckles turned white.
She began stroking slowly. As the bumps that were her little fingers nudged the edge of my glans, ticks of pleasure began to shoot through me. She was good at this. I shut my eyes tightly and enjoyed the sensation for a moment.
Suddenly, something warm and wet dragged from the base to the head, and my eyes shot open. There was Hanji, staring intently at my face, her tongue cupping my dick. She flicked that sensitive patch under the front of my glans with the tip of her tongue, then began rolling it around the ridge of the glans in a circle that sent my head spinning. She was TOO good at this. She reached down and began playing with her clit simultaneously. The tip of her tail petted and tickled at my leg.
"Aohm!"
I nearly yelped as pleasure shuddered through me, my dick buried deep in Hanji's slippery, hot throat, her tongue again cupping me in her mouth. Her fingers slid into her pussy, and I felt her throat tense up. She rocked her head back and forth, slowly at first, letting out cute little moans, still keeping eye contact. Her ears began to twitch and her eyes started to squint. With her free hand she cupped my balls, gently rolling them in her palm. Her saliva smacked and squished, music to my ears, as she began to suck faster. And faster.
Something was coming. I groaned as she went harder and harder, no mercy. I could feel the ecstasy building as I approached orgasm. My vision was going hazy...incredible. Amazing... oh my god...
Pop! Suddenly, it all stopped. Hanji looked up at me, my dick throbbing painfully, just barely reaching an inch from cumming, and dripping with saliva. She snickered and licked her lips.
"Hanji, I didn't..." I felt embarrassed to say it. "Why did you stop?"
"Hehe. Your turn." She closed her eyes and gave me a toothy grin.
"What?"
Hanji stood up and lifted herself, sitting on the sink counter, and spread her legs. Her juice dribbled and stuck, a rope of it stretching between her thighs as they separated, before drooling onto the counter and slithering off the edge. She playfully pulled her glasses down below her eyes and cast me an expectant gaze.
I couldn't help but stare at her perfect pink pussy, those perfectly symmetrical lips oozing with her cream. She reached down and used two fingers to spread herself, her walls at first clamped together, then separating with a satisfying wet sound. Her tight hole expanded and contracted with apprehension.
"Your turn." Her ears seemed to throb, settling and then perking back up in rhythm; her tail hung off the counter and tapped at the door of the cabinet below.
I looked up and into those devilish, bespectacled eyes, and she made a licking motion at the air. "Well, big boy?"
Yes, ma'am. I knelt in front of her, a sweet aroma enveloping my senses as my head approached her tight slit. I was all in now, there was nothing that could stop me. I reached up and played with her clit at first, going in little circles. Hanji squeaked and shuddered. "Mrow..."
I opened my mouth and gave her pussy one good drag along its whole length, my tongue wide. Her juices were sweet and smooth, like a thin raspberry syrup. She whined and sighed, her fingers tapping along the counter.
I grinned and continued. Using the tip of my tongue, I fiddled through all of the creases and folds of her pussy lips, then sucked on her clit, circling it with my tongue. Her knees began to shake.
"M-m-m...mrow...ah..."
As I continued to torture her clit, I prodded her sticky entrance with my index finger, then slowly pushed in. Her legs shot inward, my head now squeezed between her beautiful thighs.
My finger explored all the little ridges and crevices of her insides, teasing her, until finally I focused on her front wall. I wondered if she had a g-spot.
She did. I dragged my finger across that sensitive patch, and she squealed with pleasure and started to pur, her tail flicking above her head.
I circled her clit faster and sucked harder, inserting another finger and pressing as hard as I could on her g spot as I pushed and pulled, her pussy sucking back on my fingers, wanting more.
Hanji's back began to arch and the walls of her pussy started to clamp. Her tail flicked randomly through the air, the tuft of fur petting my face every so often. White creamy lubricant began seeping out of her and squishing between my fingers.
"Meow! Meow! Ah!"
I stopped using my mouth and stood up, standing over her, fingering fast and hard, my free hand along her back. She tensed up and started to mumble between fatigued moans.
"You're...so...mmm...good, master...Ah!"
Just as she neared climax, I stopped, and removed pressure from her g-spot, and slowly pulled my fingers out of her pussy's grip.
Her back settled, her thighs slowly released my neck, and she looked at me almost angrily.
"Master! Why did you stop?"
I didn't say anything, but she knew soon enough as the head of my dick began to prod her. Her eyes widened and a bright smile played across her sweating face. She gripped the edge of the counter in anticipation.
I slid the head along her slit, coating it with her natural lube. Her eyes squinted and she sank down a bit, purring.
"Are you ready, kitten?" I grinned.
"Yes, master!" Hanji moaned. "Please give it to me!"
I pushed halfway into her and groaned as my dick was squeezed by the hot, sticky walls of her pussy. Hanji began to shake and let out a labored moan as her back arched and her toes curled, her legs nearly straight out to the sides. Her elbow nudged something off of the counter and it fell to the floor and shattered.
"Please master..." Hanji whispered. "Please fuck me..."
I started to move in and out slowly, hearing the lewd squish of her creamy pussy as it sucked and caressed my dick. I couldn't last long like this. Hanji began to shake again, and her walls tightened to an almost painful level. She started to sink down and teeter, unable to keep her balance on the counter. We would have to relocate to somewhere more stable.
I stopped, reached under her ass and lifted her up, still inside her. Holding her up with one arm, I opened the door and stepped into the hallway.
"Meow...ahh.." Hanji moaned, her eyes closed, moving her hips uncontrollably as I carried her into my bedroom, closing the door behind me. She didn't seem to notice where we were until I carefully laid her on her back atop the bed.
Hanji shivered. She was still wet, and the air conditioned room must have been cold. Her nipples were getting hard as she opened her eyes. She looked around for a moment, realizing we had left the bathroom.
"In your room, master? Really?" Her eyes were still mostly squinted, only barely open, she was so consumed with pleasure.
I nodded and repositioned myself. Hanji sighed with ecstasy and wrapped her legs around me, locking her fingers on the back of my neck.
I leaned forward and gently kissed her sweet neck, eliciting a long purr and a lick on the cheek in return.
Our eyes met again, and I saw something different in them. I didn't see a sexual deviant, but a loyal pet. I saw genuine love in Hanji's piercing, glowing eyes. I knew what she wanted, and I gave it to her.
I raised myself above her and pushed all the way in. I was enveloped instantly and pulled into her, all the way to the base, pleasure rocking through my body. I felt the head of my dick slam against her cervix. Hanji let out a long, high moan, her back slightly arching, her legs clamping tighter around me.
"More, master!"
I pulled out and pushed again. And again. All the little ridges of Hanji's insides tickled and struck across me. I extended my legs, pushed my hands into the bed on either side of her, and went faster. I began to bounce in and out of her rather than push, and our bodies slapped together with each bounce, her juice dripping from us both. The springs of my bed began to screech in rhythm. Her tits followed my thrusts in an enchanting circle. I leaned into her, my head beside hers, and her teeth clamped on my neck. Faster. I felt her clamp around me even tighter. I fucked her even harder, the wet slapping of our coitus echoing through the room. She began to moan louder, muffled by the tissue of my neck in her mouth, mewling and shaking and shuddering. She stopped biting my neck, gasping for air, and her head bucked back.
"Me-meow! AAH! M-master! Harder!" Her hands released my neck and her arms shot back, elbows by her head. She grabbed two fistfuls of blanket. Her ears folded in toward the back of her head and her eyes were squeezed tight. Her mouth hung open, taking in air in gulps between uncontrollable cries.
My mind was going numb as I went as hard and as fast as I could. Hanji began to scream in pure pleasure, her back arching as high as it was able, and the walls of her pussy squeezing me so tightly it hurt. Her smiling eyes opened wide and met mine. We didn't say anything, but we both knew. We kept eye contact, reading each other, wanting each other, knowing each other. Suddenly Hanji's eyes began to roll back and she closed them tighter than ever.
"M-m-master, I'm going t-to..."
I felt the climax rising in the base of my dick, and it glided across my body, pleasure flooding into my brain, tingling the tips of my fingers and filling me with an intense heat that traveled up through me, kissing me with ecstasy, until...
"Master! Master! AAAH!"  
She clamped down, milking every last drop out of me. We locked together in a state of utter ecstasy; I was deep in her still, thrusting against her cervix with each wave of pleasure. I started to black out, and we each let out a final shuddering sigh. I couldn't move, I couldn't think. I slowly sunk down, my dick slipping out of her, and fell onto the bed beside her as she descended from her own euphoria.
"M...meow...meow...aaahh...mmmmm..." Her knees touched and she rocked to one side, her arms limp. Even her tail ceased its tapping, lazily flopping over her.
Panting, I rolled onto my back and stared at the ceiling for what seemed like forever, until I heard something from beside me.
"Mrow." Hanji crawled over to me and curled up against me, nibbling my ear. Then, as I drifted off to sleep, she whispered into my ear, soft as silk and calm as a rainy day, "Am I a good kitty, master?"