It took some wasted internet time and eventually a lot of very carefully phrased questions to the researchers to find out something Arthur could have known if he'd been a bit less hasty in leaving that bathroom, but he did find out. Merlin's band. They call themselves 'Old Religion', like some hippie-punk joke, and apparently they even used to do 'Infected' as an encore. Merlin's stupid razorblade of a face stares out at him from a poster, along with that of a frankly consumptive-looking woman in a red dress and a scarily reptilian guy with no shirt on.

They're playing Indigo on Thursday, it turns out. Arthur can't stop thinking about it.

He just can't stop, can't stop thinking and planning, wondering, clicking on MySpace page after MySpace page hoping to find them, leg jiggling under the table. Can't stop lying awake in bed, tossing and turning and wondering why in Hell's name he said stop then, letting his own hands wander and pretending they're Merlin's.

When Thursday rolls around, Arthur gets himself absolutely shredded on the barrier, willing Merlin to look down and see him, but all that happens is he gets flash after flash of golden stage light gleaming on Merlin's hair and Merlin's eyes, lighting a stripe along Merlin's profile.

He doesn't hear them. His father wants to know what the hell is the matter with him. He goes home and showers, pressing fingers into bruises that mark arpeggios along his ribs, wondering what the tune is, wondering why he feels played by something bigger than himself.

They play Morrison's on Saturday, and Arthur meant to go to some other bar and listen to some other, any other band, but he can't. In order to try and claw back some kind of professionalism, Arthur tries so hard, ends up signing the openers up for a meeting with his father, stands back at the bar with a glass of Coke and endures the reflected heat of the floor without being in it. But the only band member who catches his eyes is the drummer, weird guy tattooed with scales, and he smirks all the way across the room at Arthur while the woman's red Telecaster whines and she wails about how that is not my destiny and Merlin chants 'two sides, two sides' into his microphone, fingers walking, walking constantly up and down the frets of his bass.

***

'Nice suit.'

It's the first thing Merlin's said to him in two months, despite the fact that Arthur knows Merlin knows he's been chasing them up and down the coast on their little pub tour, despite the fact that Arthur's gone to the stage door three times and been met with nothing but hurt and heated glances. Eventually Arthur had to come to the conclusion that actually, what Merlin had wanted from him that night wasn't his fountain pen.

Eventually he had to come to the conclusion that maybe he'd been kind of stupid.

But Merlin wouldn't talk to him and he wasn't going to just blurt out an apology apropos of nothing. He might be kind of stupid but he's got his pride, dammit.

And now he's standing in front of a guy he still, badly, wants to take to bed, for absolutely no reason he can think of except that he can't stop thinking of him, he's like that tune you can't get out of your head, some sweet little riff Arthur wants to play til his fingers bleed, and he's about to offer him something he said he never would. Arthur feels like a fraud and a liar, because he's not here because he wants to be. Or rather, this isn't why he wants to be here. He's here, officially, because his father found out about Old Religion's underground popularity. He wants them, without bothering to learn anything about them except their name and their crowd-capacity. And Arthur's been sent to get them.

'Looks like that little outfit you've been stalking has some potential,' Uther said with an approving smile for Arthur's apparent talent for sniffing out talent, which Arthur is not going to tell him has been apparently shoved in a cupboard for the past two months whilst his addiction to their bass-player took over all its space. 'You can tell them I'll see them Wednesday afternoon,' Uther goes on to say. 'Standard deal, alright?'

He comes back to the present and realises he should probably respond to Merlin. After all, it was technically a compliment, despite the tone.

'Thanks,' Arthur replies, a little offhandedly, stroking a lapel as provocatively as he knows how. 'They make me dress up for special occasions.'

'Why, is it your birthday?' Merlin asks sardonically. Out of the corner of his eye Arthur can see Typhoid Mary and Reptile Boy, as he privately calls them, approaching. He deems it good timing.

'No,' he says, even more offhandedly. 'But it's yours.'

Merlin squints at him, puzzled.

'What's he doing here?' asks Typhoid Mary, sounding less than best-pleased, as she draws near.

'Nim, this is-' Merlin starts, gesturing towards Arthur.

'Arthur Pendragon,' says Arthur, cutting in and handing the drummer his card. 'I'm with Albion-'

'I know who you're with,' says Nim. Close up she's older than he would have thought from seeing her on stage. Her hair is still dark and her skin pale, but there are creases at her eyes and the corners of her mouth. 'I want to know why you're here. Does your father know?'

This is getting weird. 'Actually, yes, he does.' Arthur tries again. 'He's sent me to ask you-'

'Tell him no,' Nim says, crossing her arms.

'- if you'd be interested in meeting -'

'The answer is no.'

Arthur ploughs on '- potentially lucrative -'

'Tell Uther Pendragon he can keep his stinking money,' she hisses, and turns on her heel. 'He should have learnt years ago he can't buy me.'

The dresssing room echoes to the sound of her heels striking the floor as she leaves. Merlin looks a little stunned - Arthur is fairly sure his own face is making a similar expression. Lizard Boy is laughing at both of them.

'What was that all about?' Arthur asks eventually. Merlin shakes his head and shrugs.

'She always walks away. She's been doing it for years,' Scaly says. 'She walked away from Uther too,' he adds.

'Excuse me?'

'He doesn't know what he asked you for, and you shouldn't give it to him anyway,' is the drummer's parting shot as he follows Nim out of the dressing room door, leaving Merlin and Arthur alone. Alone, all alone.

Oh, this is such a bad, bad idea, because Arthur is rapidly learning what it means to have no self-control.

'Before you ask, no, I have no idea what freaky shit Drake is on,' Merlin says in a rush. 'He's always been like that, as far as I can find out.'

'And that ... stuff about Nim and my father?'

'Also no idea,' says Merlin, shaking his head. 'I only joined the band six months ago.' He laughs a bit bitterly. 'Yep, living the dream alright.'

Arthur swears he can smell the stage-noise rising off Merlin's skin in the tight space. He wishes he wasn't in the suit. Merlin starts to potter around the dressing room, which is doubling as storage, apparently either deciding to ignore Arthur's presence or comfortable with it.

Arthur wishes it were the latter, suspects the former. Merlin is coiling straps and leads, putting things methodically into gigbag pockets and slotting pedals into the open backs of amplifiers - Nim appears to be the veritable High Priestess of effects; Arthur briefly notes phase, chorus and the obligatory Big Muff and DS2 as well as a couple he can't name before they're stacked away and Merlin turns his attention to what Arthur assumes is his own gear.

'I'm sorry, was there something else you wanted?' the bass player asks. Arthur blinks and tries to pretend he wasn't staring.

'What?'

Merlin finishes zipping the gigbag shut around his bass and gets up, slowly. He comes over to Arthur, licking his lips nervously. 'I said, was there something else you ... wanted?' he asks, and he's close. He's so, so close. Arthur can see the way his hair falls into spikes and waves where his sweat has damped it, can see the worried-red place on his lip where he was biting it during the set, the crease on his shirt where the bass-strap hung. He can see the gig all over Merlin, the gig he didn't get to enjoy, not properly. He wants it now, wants to throw himself into it, into Merlin's space, into Merlin. Arthur's breath catches in his throat, his hand catches on Merlin's hip where he didn't even know he'd put it.

Merlin swallows. Hard.

'So, now that you know I'm not after you for your signature,' he starts, and Arthur kisses him. Merlin startles, a tiny noise escaping him, then relaxes into it.

Before he knows it Arthur finds himself against the wall again, with Merlin's hands in dark and secret places. Neither of them hears the click of heels like talons on the stained brown lino - the sound of breathing fuzzing too loud like feedback in their ears.

'Merlin, come on, we've got to get this stuff out of here by-' There's an angry shriek, and the next thing Arthur knows, he's trying to bolt out of a pub with his fly at half-mast and an impressive red patch that's going to bruise for sure high on his cheekbone.

***

He doesn't remember getting home, but within the space of three hours he gets two phone calls. The first wakes him up from peaceful if slightly uncomfortable slumber on the couch, which is where he'd fallen after getting home. The side of his face hurts like he's been kicked by a mule.

'I'm tearing up your card,' says a woman's voice. 'Just so you know. We're not going to be bought by Pendragon's weanling son.'

It's too early in the morning for words like weanling, which Arthur isn't even sure is a word. 'Nim?' he asks groggily.

'That's Nimueh to you,' she snaps. 'I've been in this business longer than you've been on the planet, and don't you forget it.'

'I wouldn't dream of-'

'And leave him alone,' she says. 'He's not for you. He's too good for you. Touch him again and I'll kill you.'

She hangs up. Arthur mutters something incoherent and decides the bedroom is too far away, but at least this time he can take his shoes off before curling up again. He's halfway through doing that when the phone rings again.

'Hello?' He manages a proper greeting this time, thank God.

'Every good boy deserves favours.'

'Pardon?'

'He needs someone to listen, or what does he play for?'

'Who is this-'

'Indigo. Next Thursday,' the voice says, suddenly sharp. 'Oh, and. Don't wear a suit.'

'... Drake?' Arthur tries, groggily.

'Don't let us lose the best bass-player we've ever had. Ignore Nim. Save this number, you're going to want it.'

'I'm sorry, is this Drake?'

There's a brief pause and the sound of a cellphone changing hands, and some swearing, and then Merlin comes on the line.

'I'm sorry,' he says tiredly. 'Whatever they've been saying, I'm sorry. I've been trying to get them to stop drinking for hours.'

'Merlin?'

'Arthur?' There's a gusty sigh. 'Oh fuck.'

'Hello to you too.'

'That's not exactly how I meant it.'

'How did you mean it?'

'I meant - this is a bad idea. I'm going to hang up now.'

'No, wait!-

Click.

Arthur saves the number, just in case, and then turns the phone off. He never does make it as far as taking off his other shoe, let alone leaving the couch.

***

'And will I be seeing Old Religion at three o'clock on Wednesday?' Uther asks at his most jovial when Arthur hauls himself into the office the next morning, not caring about the stunning purple bruise on his cheekbone or the fact that he definitely looks like he slept on the couch.

'No,' Arthur says distractedly, putting his briefcase down and foraging for his coffee mug underneath the paperwork on his desk.

'No?' Uther says. His tone says 'I am waiting for an explanation of why the world is not as I had expected,' and that it had better be a good explanation.

'No.' Arthur runs his hands through his hair. 'Do you know a woman called Nimueh?' he asks. 'Sings, plays a red Tele?'

Arthur looks up when his father says nothing; Uther's scowling. 'Why?' he asks, all hint of joviality gone.

'She's lead and vocals for Old Religion,' Arthur says. 'She turned me down last night, said you ought to know you can't buy her, or something.' He shrugs, looks to Uther for an answer, but gets none. The older man strides into his own office and slams the door. Behind the strips of frosted glass Arthur can see him pick up his phone.