Vacation at the Beach
by astuffedshirt_perv

Karen gets pushed into doing something she'll regret.

Five minutes after her arrival at the beach house, Karen stepped through the patio doors onto the deck and took a long moment to savor the salty air. The bay spread out beyond the short beach; the ocean was a brief trip away on the other side of the peninsula. Two weeks, she sighed. Two weeks to relax and enjoy life. A scrape from the adjoining deck drew her attention, and she turned to see a young man pulling a cooler onto his deck. He positioned the cooler and then looked up, catching her eye.

"Hello, new neighbor." He smiled and waved. "I'm Kyle."

"Hi, I'm Karen."

Ten minutes of small talk later, he invited to a barbeque that evening at his house.

***

Karen was usually quiet and reserved in large social gatherings, but dinner was surprisingly relaxing and not at all intimidating. There were around fifteen people. Everyone was nice and breezy, most of them meeting for the first time. She talked to Kyle quite a bit. He was a few years younger than her, still in college, renting the house with friends for the summer while he worked at the beach. With his sandy hair, cute smile, easygoing and funny nature, he seemed every bit the stereotype of a beach bum. She couldn't shake the feeling that he was flirting with her, if only slightly. She tried to flirt back, but her skills in that arena, such as they were, had atrophied after years of disuse.

***

Karen sat on her deck, sipping a glass of wine, reading, daydreaming, and watching the waves roll in. The beach on the bay side was largely deserted, since most of the tourists were on the ocean side. She watched Kyle swim in from the bay, emerging like a sculptured Greek warrior. I bet he makes the girls swoon. She allowed herself an idle thought of making out with him. She jerked out of her fantasy when he noticed her and ambled over to say hello. Karen rose from her chair and smiled a greeting. His eyes sparkled as he talked, and soon he joined her on the deck.

"So did you do anything fun today?" he asked.

"Oh, you know, a little shopping."

"Did you get to go in the ocean?"

"No, not today."

"No? Come on, the water's fabulous. You got a hot little bikini in there waiting to get shown off?"

Karen blushed immediately, looking away as she shook her head.

"No? You should buy one. Show off that..." He casually leaned back to look at her bottom. "Tight body."

Karen gasped at his audacity. "Excuse me!" she protested with a grin.

"Yeah," he chuckled.

Something about the way he laughed bothered her. "What's that supposed to mean?"

He turned to her, leaning lightly on the rail.

"It's cool and all; it's just that you don't seem like the hot bikini type. Shame, really."

Karen sputtered in response. It wasn't that he was wrong, but it wasn't that obvious, was it?

"You're on vacation. You should take risks, be a little adventurous."

"I'm adventurous," she protested. "Single girl, all alone in a strange house..."

Kyle's eyes held hers for a moment.

"Sitting on the deck in a big floppy hat, reading a book. Like I said." He shrugged. "It's cool. Not everyone has a wild side."

"I do to have a wild side!"

He looked at her again.

"Tell me the wildest thing you've ever done."

Karen stuttered. "I've done plenty of wild things..."

She stopped as she looked at him. Her mind reeled to come up with just one outrageous story. She had put Suzy's bra in the freezer during a slumber party. She had gotten drunk in college and made out with an equally drunk boy. Was that it?

"It's okay Karen. Not everyone has a wild side. It's just a shame that..." His eyes drifted deliberately down her body. "You've never done anything you're ashamed of."

"Yes I have!" she lied. "I just don't know you well enough to tell you."

Suddenly, he leaned into her private space, pausing for just a moment. She froze and stared at him in surprise, her mind suddenly realizing he was going to kiss her. He closed the final distance between them and her eyes slammed shut as his lips touched hers. His lips slowly parted, and his tongue reached out to find hers as his hand nestled in her back and pulled her close. He tasted salty and alive, his body firm, his kiss hot and passionate. Karen's hand turned between them and pressed lightly on his bare chest. He finally pulled away, leaving her slightly breathless and light headed.

"Do you regret that?"

"No," she whispered.

She glanced into his eyes before blushing and looking away. French kissing a guy before even a date, well that was kind of wild. Her eyes drifted longingly back to his lips, his sensual lips, still just inches away. She knew this was wrong. He was way out of her league, but it had been months and months since anyone had touched her like that. As her brain slowly tried to figure out what to do, he took control again and leaned in to kiss her. Her lips parted eagerly. She stiffened as his hand drifted down to cup her bottom. Reason tried to force its way into her head. She was making out with a guy on a sunlit deck! But, his kiss seemed to reach right to the places where she was most a woman. She lost herself in the sinful pleasure of kissing a man. When he finally broke their kiss, her knees were so wobbly his firm grip on her butt was all that was holding her up.

His other hand drifted up to pinch her chin between his thumb and forefinger and pulled her face to his. They caught their breath for a moment as they stared into each other's eyes, the unmistakable look of lust on his face. She was ready, ready to do something wild.

The hand that was on her ass slid down and found her thigh, pulling it up and hooking her knee over his elbow. Her thighs spread indecently, and he pressed his crotch directly into hers. Her hips jerked involuntarily. Flashes of pleasure shot through her body. He stared firmly into her eyes as he methodically ground his hardening member against her. A pathetic moan of need escaped from her lips.

"Let's go inside," she whispered.

"I can't," he whispered. "I have to go to work."

"Not even a quicky? You can't leave me like this."

"I don't like rushing things; that's how mistakes get made. I like to take my time and savor the peach." He thrust his hips again. "And your peach feels extra juicy."

"Oh God," she groaned anew.

"I'm sorry, I gotta run. Meet me on my deck tonight at three AM. I'll be back by then."

"Kyle, please..."

He slowly released her and stepped back, adjusting himself in his swim shorts.

"I look forward savoring you later." He smiled. He leaned in and kissed her again. "Maybe, if you want, we can do something you'll regret."

He backed away, eyes still on hers, until he turned and jogged up onto his deck. He smiled at her one last time before ducking into his house. Sanity slowly came back to her as she realized where she was. Her head snapped around to see if anyone was watching, but the beach was as empty as it had been before. Her shorts were soaked both from the outside where his wet swim trunks had pressed against her as well as from the inside. She staggered into her house, her body wild with need, desperate to get off. She glanced at the clock. Three AM was over nine hours away, how could she last that long? She bent over her sofa and took deep breaths, trying to calm herself. Every time she closed her eyes, she could feel his lips and his hands on her.

Karen finally composed herself and tried to come to grips with what just happened. She had been ready to jump into bed with a guy after just one kiss! She had even been the one proposing they go inside. She shook her head at her audacity and checked the clock again. Three AM...the offer was out there. The good girl in her still protested, urged the cautious route. But he had aroused a demon in her, had awoken dormant longings that she had suppressed for far too long. Besides, she was on vacation, no one knew her, no one was going to lord her dalliance over her. Still conflicted, she sat down and made a list.

Reasons to hook up with Kyle:

He's hot

I'm horny

I'm on vacation

I'm not getting any younger

Reasons not to hook up with Kyle:

1. He might be a rapist.

She thought about it for a moment. If he was a rapist, he would have taken her already, right? And she certainly wasn't going to say no, which meant it wasn't going to be rape anyway. She crossed it off the list. She stared at the list for awhile, trying to come up with a good reason not to meet Kyle that night. Finally, she added one.

1. I'll regret it in the morning.

Kyle's words echoed in her head, mocking her that she had never done anything she regretted. She stood and made up her mind, she was going to do it. It was time to doing something she'd regret later.

As three AM approached, Karen checked herself in the mirror one last time. She had spent the last hour primping. A beautiful young woman smiled back from the looking glass, her brown eyes brimming with lust. Her auburn hair fell in waves to her shoulder. Her green cami top hugged her waist and a push-up bra displayed her assets nicely. She had worked hard to build her body over the past nine months since that prick of a boyfriend had left her. Nine months since anyone had touched her, and now her body was on fire. She had showered and shaved everywhere, barely suppressing the urge to masturbate. She had even taken the embarrassing step of buying a pack of condoms, if it was going to come to that, and she hoped it would. She had spent the last few hours in a lust-induced haze filled with images of her and Kyle, of giving blowjobs, of him running his hands all over her, of them making love. The minutes ticked by and finally, she was going to meet her lover. This is crazy, she muttered to herself for the thousandth time. She was going let a guy she just met have his way with her.

"Hey," he said from the darkness as she walked up the steps to the deck.

"Hey," she replied, a flock of butterflies in her stomach adding to her agitation.

She stopped in front of him, illuminated only by the moon. He reached out with both hands and took hers.

"I was worried you'd change your mind."

"No..."

"It was tough at work, trying to concentrate, waiting to get home. Man, if you didn't show up, I'd be beating down your door."

"Yeah," she agreed. Just kiss me already!

"So did you give it any more thought?"

"What?"

"What's the wildest thing you've ever done?"

"I...um, no."

Even in the darkness, she could see the lascivious smirk on his face. He dropped her hands.

"Take off your shorts."

Karen's heart flipped. She glanced over her shoulder and swallowed. This is crazy. She unbuttoned her shorts, pulled the zipper down, let them fall to the deck, and stepped out them with her knees shaking. She looked at him for approval.

"Don't leave them there," he said. "Fold them up."

She bent down, retrieved them, folded them neatly, and handed them to him. He placed them on the shelf of the grill.

"Panties too."

She swallowed again. It took all of her mental energy to will her hands to take hold waistband of the cute little panties she was wearing and pull them off. She folded the tiny scrap of fabric and handed it to him.

He took them, his eyes holding hers, and raised them to his face. He inhaled deeply, smelling her arousal in them. He placed them on top of her shorts.

This is craziest thing I have ever done! She was now standing completely bare from the waist down. Part of her mind was screaming, You're naked! Outside, on someone else's deck! But, it was drowned out the excitement of the moment. He reached over and took her hand. Then, in a flash, gripped her wrist tightly, turned and dragged her off the deck and toward the beach.

"Woah!"

She tried to pull away but was off balance. He was way bigger than her, and his grip was unyielding. She tried to dig her feet in, but she was too light, and the sand was too loose to let her get a grip. She tried to pry his hand off as he pulled her further from the house and her shorts. He reached the water's edge and stopped, spun her roughly around so that her back was against his chest, and grabbed her other wrist. He pulled them both up to her shoulders.

"Please stop!" she begged, her thighs pressed tightly together in a futile bid to cover herself.

"Quiet or you'll attract attention," he growled into her ear.

She whimpered and twisted, helpless in his grasp, half-naked and defenseless.

"Take a deep breath," he ordered.

She was getting lightheaded from the panic.

"Karen, take a deep breath."

She tried to obey, but the fear was overwhelming. He continued to order her, and finally, she got her breathing under control.

"Please," she begged.

"Take a deep breath and hold it."

She inhaled and held it until he told her to release it. A few tries later, she was almost coherent.

"Please let me go," she whispered.

"No. What's the wildest thing you have ever done?"

"Nothing! I'm a good girl! Please let me go!"

"Then what is the craziest thing you have ever done?"

"This! This is the craziest thing I've ever done."

"This? What is this?"

She looked over her shoulder to him and stopped struggling.

"I'm...on a public beach with no...bottom." The final word came out as a squeak.

She shook as a spike of arousal hit her. She saw him smile. Then he leaned over her shoulder to kiss her. He released one wrist to cup her face. Their tongues battled, and suddenly need replaced her panic, an animalistic desire that washed over her mind and drowned out all reason. He broke their kiss and stroked her face.

"Tell me the craziest thing you have ever done."

"This."

"Tell me what you mean."

"Oh God. I'm on a public beach with no bottom."

The yawning hole in her stomach grew even deeper, her body twitched from her admission. Suddenly, she became aware that her butt, her bare ass, was pressed against his groin. She felt his member hardening and pressing against her. She wiggled her hips, eliciting a satisfying grunt from him. He kissed her again, this time releasing her other hand. She was no longer being held, but there was no way she was going to leave him. Her fingers intertwined with his hair while she ground her bottom against him. Her other hand found his wrist as his hands fell to her waist. He slowly slid his hands down her cami to the bare skin of her hips. His hands glided gently along her bare skin, delicately stroking the area above her freshly shaven mons. She moaned into his kiss as waves of pleasure rippled through her.

"Karen, where are your shorts?"

"Oh God, on the deck."

"Do you have a wild side, Karen?"

"Yeah! Oh God, yes."

He turned her and kissed her while he wrapped his arms around her, taking a firm grip of her bare bottom. She twisted a hand between them to find his hardening cock, still hidden beneath his shorts. He felt big, not that she had much experience. His other hand snaked beneath her cami and released the fastener of her bra, pulling it open. Karen felt her breasts spring free and didn't even bother to protest. He finally broke their kiss, his hand still on her butt.

"Do you have a wild side, Karen?"

"Yeah."

"Let's go for a walk."

"Oh my God," she said, panic welling up anew as she balled up and tried to cover herself as best she could.

He paid her no mind, instead taking her hand in his, turning up the beach, and leading her further away from her shorts. Her thighs clamped together, making it hard to keep up with him. Her heart was absolutely racing, and she felt light headed. She kept throwing glances over her shoulder at the retreating outline of the deck behind them. They reached a 'No Fishing' sign and Kyle casually draped her bra over it. He then turned her to face him and brought two fingers up to her mouth. Karen leaned forward and greedily sucked them into her mouth, demonstrating to him how good her blowjob would be. He pulled his fingers from her mouth with a slurp and lowered his hand.

"Open."

Karen whimpered and willed herself to spread her legs for him. In a moment, the air left her body as his two fingers slid effortlessly into her soaking pussy. Her legs gave way, and she sagged on his fingers with a tortured moan. His other hand gripped the back of her neck, helping to support her as he started to finger fuck her.

"Do you have a wild side, Karen?"

Her moaned response was incoherent, but the meaning was clear.

"Where are we, Karen?"

"On a beach."

"On a public beach?"

"Yeah, oh God."

"And what am I doing?"

"Fingering me, oh my God..."

His fingers left her just moments before she could climax, leaving her gasping in need. She sagged in his embrace as he led her up the beach. He found a bench and sat on it, positioning her so that she straddled his lap. Her mouth met his and their tongues battled as his fingers eased their way to her throbbing pussy again. His other hand slipped under her cami and he fondled her breasts.

"Do you have a wild side, Karen?"

It was too much for her, and the tidal wave of her orgasm crashed through her body. She saw stars as she moaned into his neck while cumming on his fingers, and his other hand pinched her nipple. Her orgasm roared on and on, more powerful than any she had ever had before. Just as the contractions were subsiding, he whispered to her again.

"Where are we, Karen?"

The simple question triggered another wave of spasms to rock her body and mind. Her body went limp, spent, and she slid off the bench and onto the ground between his legs. Kyle wasted no time opening his shorts and putting his rock hard cock into her mouth. Her initial assessment had been correct; he was big, way bigger than her previous boyfriends. She instinctively started sucking on him as she slowly came back to earth, his hands on either side of her head. Her hand fell to her jewel, still eager for more stimulation even after all they had done.

"Where are we, Karen?"

She looked up at him with dazed eyes and fingered herself as another orgasm shook her. She was half naked, on a public beach, fingering herself while giving him a blowjob.

"Does my Karen have a wild side?" She groaned her agreement. "Is slutty Karen going to swallow all of my hot cum?" She whimpered her agreement. "On a public beach?"

She nodded helplessly, feeling him harden even more.

"You...God...Karen!" he groaned as he came, pumping thick ropes of his seed into her mouth. She swallowed as best she could, but there was so much that some leaked out from around her lips. He finally pulled her off his softening dick and leaned back with a satisfied groan.

She scooped the excess cum off her chin and put it back in her mouth where it belonged as she caught her breath.

He seemed to recover first and looked around to check if they were still alone as he closed his shorts. He pulled her to her feet with a smirk.

"I knew it. Quiet girls are the biggest freaks," he grinned and kissed her.

Her legs were still wobbling as he led her back up the beach. Karen leaned heavily on him, feeling spent and woozy, the cool night area caressing the wetness between her thighs. They finally reached the deck, and he helped her up the steps. He shoved her panties into his pocket and then handed her shorts to her.

Karen stumbled groggily into her shorts and Kyle led them to her cottage and then her bedroom. Her head was starting to ache from all the excitement. He pulled off her cami and pushed down her shorts before pushing her exhausted body onto her bed.

"Don't go anywhere," he said, "I'll be right back."

Karen watched him duck into the bathroom, sighing as she lay on her soft pillow and brushed her hair back.

The room was bright. It took a moment for it to register in her sleepy mind, but she suddenly sat bolt upright, clutching the sheet to her bare chest. It was bright in her room. The sun was up. Her head snapped around. Kyle was gone. She clamped a hand over her mouth in embarrassment as she struggled to recall the night: had she fallen asleep on him? She held her forehead in despair, how could she just fall asleep? What kind of loser just falls asleep half way through the most erotic night of her life? God, talk about something to regret. She slumped to her side, and in doing so her eyes fell on a piece of stationary on her nightstand. She jumped up and opened it.

"Looks like you over did it last night! You looked so peaceful; I couldn't wake you. Rain check on savoring your peach? -Kyle"

Yes, oh God yes, please let me make it up you. I'll do anything you want.
