Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 17)

We watched cartoons while waiting for my sister to finish making lunch. Well, I watched cartoons. Joseph spent most of his time watching the doorway like a hawk.

I, having seen her incredible nude body so many times by that point, was not so easily distracted by the prospect of her return. Furthermore, I had mastered my libido and was able to keep control over myself at all times... most of the time... sometimes? Ok, give me a break! Yes, her new boob shimmy had caught me off guard and made me lose control. But I recovered...eventually.

But poor Joseph stood no chance. I'm not sure if Lucy noticed earlier because she had been coping with a lot of personal embarrassment, but the whole time she was taking our order, Joseph had an erection. In fact, he still had a situation brewing down there as we watched tv. I tried to ignore it, but I couldn't help but notice him pawing at the uncomfortable lump in his shorts.

It was kind of rude how he seemed to be practically playing with himself right in front of me. Not, like, whipping it out and jacking off. But whenever he squeezed the lump in his crotch, it was pretty obvious what he was reaching for.

About the sixth time I caught him doing it, I was about to call him out on his crude behavior, until the most unusual thing happened. He looked down at his own hand pressed into the middle of his legs. The look on his face was one of utter bewilderment mixed with a little bit of concern. Could it be?...oh my God.

I remember learning in health class how everyone develops at a different pace and that boys usually enter puberty later than girls. By the time I was his age, I had been masturbating for a good while. But it occurred to me that Joseph, being a little younger and perhaps more sheltered, might not have discovered that particular pubescent activity.

In fact, other than his previous session helping his grandfather with Lucy's dress fitting almost a year ago, it was possible he had never even encountered a naked girl before.

Joseph had plenty of experience interacting with kids his age, both boys and girls. When it came to women, he was just a baby; naive and innocent. A young buck. And this maturing young doe comes along with her incredible heat and is unknowingly coaxing his body to take its first, tentative steps toward manhood.

I couldn't help but take sympathy on the kid. But I also couldn't stop my brain from conjuring up interesting ways to incorporate this new knowledge into her dare.

Just then, Lucy, or should I say "Barb", returned carrying our drinks. I smiled as I caught Joseph pulling his tee shirt down over his lap before she recognized his body's awkward arousal situation brewing.

I saw she had made an adjustment to her apron while in the kitchen. Shortening the belt tie to make the loop around her neck bigger, she was able to lower the whole thing by several inches so that the front ruffle did a much better job covering her private place.

The adjustment emboldened her. She stood and walked with more confidence. But she still had to be extra careful to keep her naked backside hidden.

Navigating a successful backward exit, she soon returned with our food. She rattled off our order while deftly carrying the full serving tray. "Turkey sandwich on white, mustard and mayo, side salad, and one PB&J, side salad hold the tomatoes, and potato chips. Did I get all that right, darlin's?" she asked with all the confidence of a seasoned waitress.

But, drawing too much comfort from the apron adjustment and thinking her clothing situation more secure than it was, she let her guard down. Her face beaming with pride at her culinary skills, she leaned over and held out the tray so we could grab our plates. Starving, I quickly grabbed mine and picked up my sandwich. I was about to take a bite when I realized Joseph hadn't moved to take his plate yet and paused.

I was quick to realize the reason for his delay. It hadn't been an issue before because Lucy had been standing upright the whole time to that point. But with her apron's neckline lowered significantly, by leaning over, she was now flashing way too much of her cleavage. In fact, I could see the whole top half of her adorable mounds almost to her pink nipples! Joseph had naturally fixated on that newly showing part of her body.

Confused why Joseph wasn't picking up his food, she looked directly at him. Then, only after following his gaze, did she look down at herself and discover that he was staring at her nearly uncovered breasts. Immediately, she dropped the tray onto the couch with a clang and bolted upright. Clutching her hand to her chest to end her accidental exhibition, she made a hasty exit.

I found it cute how hard she fought against every inch of exposure inflicted on her poor under-clothed body. It was fun watching her come up with creative ways to delay her humiliation. That she would eventually end up completely naked in front of him was a foregone conclusion in my mind. Her desperate struggle to keep her intimate bits covered from his sight only fed my motivation to make it happen.

She did manage to avoid any more embarrassing exposure for the rest of lunch. But that was only because she kept her plate in the kitchen and avoided us altogether. Deciding she had kept herself hidden away long enough, I intentionally knocked over my water glass as a pretext and went to find her.

"We had a little spill, Barb." I said, derisively emphasizing her pseudonym, "You need to get a towel and wipe it up, and quickly. Otherwise, it's going to leave a water stain on the carpet."

I stood expectantly and waited for her to get moving. She found a couple of larger kitchen towels and walked over to the doorway before losing her nerve and pausing. I watched her hesitate, shifting her weight anxiously back and forth between her left and right leg. The cute little display her flexing butt muscles put on gave me an idea for a future activity. Watching her wrestle with herself, I couldn't fault her for dreading to enter his presence again. Every encounter with him so far had resulted in some greater humiliation. The odds were high that this encounter would end no differently.

From my spot in the kitchen, I did have a good view of her outfit and body from behind. Her wide apron strings had been tied into a big bow just above her waist. It adorned the top of her naked bottom as if to make her ripe ass into an unwrapped present. The backs of her legs were bare down to the crooks of her knees where her white stockings began. The right one had slipped down a little and sat slightly below her knee and a little askew. But I'm sure, with so much else going on with her outfit that required constant attention, fixing her crooked socks got a low priority.

Mentally psyching herself up to re-enter the embarrassing fray, I watched her take a nervous breath then straighten her back, transforming back into her waitress character. Since she didn't have enough clothing on to face Joseph as herself, it's like playing someone else added another layer to her attire - a psychological cushion without which the poor, underdressed girl would not have been able to function otherwise. Once again enveloped in the cloak of "Barb", she resumed walking.

I entered the living room to find my waitress sister sitting on her knees. With one hand over her chest to ensure the top panel of her apron stayed in place this time, she leaned over and spread one of the towels over the spill. She had to rise up off her haunches and get right over the spot before there was enough pressure to extract the water from the soaked carpet.

Joseph's jaw dropped open as his dream girl assumed a tantalizing new position. What brief glimpses of her plump little bottom he had caught thus far were nothing compared to the lewd display now in front of him. Her apron, which had done a mostly admirable job covering her front side was rendered completely useless now that she was kneeling on all fours with her butt shoved toward the sky. He didn't really react or make a sound, but just stared in awe at her spectacular curvaceous flesh as she worked feverishly to quickly complete her humiliating task. As soon as she felt the place was dry enough, she gathered up her towels and stood up.

"Y'all should really be more keerful, in tha future, y’here?" she admonished.

Then, turning her naked backside to him she sauntered out of the room while Joseph looked on in disbelief.

When she returned to bring us desert, I noticed she wasn't as careful about ensuring her bottom stayed out of his sight lines any longer. Whenever he got the chance, Joseph was not shy about checking out her assets, either. Maybe she figured it was a pointless exercise to hide something he had already seen so much of. But I thought it was funny how she still made sure to clutch her hand to her chest whenever she bent over to pick something up.

It was adorable to watch her continued fight to preserve her dwindling modesty. And after observing how self-conscious she was being about those growing glands on her chest and the lengths to which she was going to keep him from seeing them, I knew exactly what I was going to target next!


Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 18)

While my sister went about her assigned task of cleaning up the kitchen and doing the dishes, I dragged out our crappy board games and attempted to keep Joseph occupied. Having lost so many pieces over the years, we had to improvise. He was a good sport, but I could tell he was getting bored. His heart just wasn't in it. From the way he kept looking wistfully at the doorway, I knew exactly what toy he really wanted to play with.

Finally, after making him wait an agonizing hour, I casually suggested we take a break go find out what my sister was up to. He heartily agreed and jumped to his feet a little too eagerly. When he said he needed to pee, I pointed him to the guest bathroom then went looking for Lucy. I found her hiding out in the kitchen washing a plate that looked like it had been clean for at least thirty minutes.

"Where's Joseph?" she asked, anxiously.

"In the bathroom. He'll be here in a second. You did a good job being a waitress, by the way. But I think you're ready for a new task. So, you can take off that ridiculous outfit," I announced, making it more of an order than a request.

When she didn't move right away to comply, I had to add, "do you really want to test me?"

She reached behind her and slowly pulled the strings of her apron loose. Her trembling hands lifted it over her head leaving her once again essentially naked. Shedding both her apron and the "Barb" persona made her feel acutely exposed. She literally let out a whimper of discomfort as she regretfully left the apron behind on the counter then turned and looked to me with pleading eyes.

"Please, Mikey, just tell me what I have to do next," she said.

She kept looking over at the doorway where, any second now, Joseph would make his entrance and catch her standing totally naked in the kitchen. I made her squirm for several long seconds before she couldn't take it anymore and began to whimper.

"All right, settle down," I replied, "for your next task, I want you to invite Joseph to walk around and look at your garden. I'm sure he would love to get a better look at what all you've been growing."

"Ok," she replied, "but do I get some time to get ready like last time? To turn myself into a farmer first?"

I saw right through her request. She was trying to figure out if there was a way to minimize her exposure like she had done with her waitress outfit. I didn't mind. Her sexy waitress costume had been a home run. Why not give her a chance to do it again, but this time as a sexy farm girl?

"Fine, you can have some time to get ready," I conceded, "but you better make it good!"

I saw the wheels turning in her mind as she began mentally assembling her outfit. How many accessories could she add without breaking the "no clothes" rule?

I was starting to doubt myself. Had I given her too much leeway with this task? At the last second, I decided to crank up the degree of difficulty.

"Once you have taken off the rest of your old costume, you may go get ready outside. I guess I can keep Joseph occupied for ten minutes," I said, looking at my watch. "I haven't given him a tour of the house yet. I'm sure he will be real interested in seeing all your pictures on the walls."

With the clock now ticking, she threw off her shiny shoes in a panic and, jumping in place, dragged the stockings down and off her legs. She yanked the band of cloth off her head scattering her hair wildly in every direction. Once she was completely naked again, she handed the remnants of her outfit over to me and started toward the door. But I blocked her path.

"Who said you could go this way?" I asked teasingly. Her face twisted into a look of confusion.

"I need to go to my room to get ready," she replied.

"No, I said you're going to get ready outside, remember? You can only use whatever you can find out there."

Her eyes went wide as my devastating new requirement threw her newly forming outfit plans into disarray. She couldn't possibly make a modest outfit out of gardening tools! I didn't blame her for standing her ground and holding out hope for another way. But I wasn't about to back down. When I checked my watch and added, "now you only have nine minutes. Did I just hear the toilet flush?" the naked girl's flight instinct kicked in. Spinning in place, she darted across the kitchen and fled out the sliding glass door into the backyard.

While she desperately scavenged the backyard for anything she could use to make into a farmer girl outfit, I gave Joseph a tour of our house. He was particularly interested in the family vacation photo on the mantle as well as the remote-control caddy; both of which featured a girl of particular interest to him in various stages of undress. Once the allotted time had passed, I led him out to the back patio to meet his personal garden tour guide.

Lucy came clomping around the corner in her big gardening boots when I called. She had done an admirable job coming up with a new character to transform into in such a short amount of time. Of course, she had put lots of thought into her hairstyle. Keeping with the theme, she had formed her golden strands into twin braids, practical and neat. She looked like an adorable farmer's daughter under her floppy yellow sun hat.

Luckily for her, she had found the planting apron she kept hanging on one of the side yard fence posts. All the tools she had hanging from it made a clatter as she walked. Unfortunately, it was not a full apron. It only encircled her waist like a belt with pockets hanging down to provide some front modesty. It did not extend to cover her back side at all, neither did it provide any coverage whatsoever above her waist. I guess she had run out of time to figure out what to do about her naked chest. Instead, she had to resort to holding her hands over her boobs for modesty. Didn't she know by now that acting embarrassed about showing her body parts to Joseph would only make it more humiliating when those parts did inevitably get exposed?

"Howdy, folks! I'm Nellie. Welcome to my little patch of Earth," she said with a bright smile. As with Barb earlier, she was using an over-the-top farm girl affectation she had probably heard in a movie or tv show. I understood her desire for conjuring that extra psychological layer of separation between herself and Joseph. Anything to distract herself from the constant reminder that she was now topless and one hand slip away from flashing him her naked boobies.

"Hello...Nellie," I said, making sure to emphasize her absurd new pseudonym, "my friend Joseph would like a tour of your garden. I'm sure he would love to learn all about how you make it look so good. Perhaps you can give us a little planting and harvesting demonstration?"

Her farmgirl act faltered briefly. It would be impossible to provide a demonstration without removing her hands and baring her breasts. Exposure was a foregone conclusion. Her only consolation was that I was letting her decide when to make it happen.

"Uh, sure thing," she said, recovering enough well enough to flash a toothy smile, "come right this way and I'll show you folks around."

Joseph was more than happy to follow her around the garden since it afforded him constant spectacular views of her naked bottom. I marveled at how quickly she had adjusted her standards after working so hard to keep her back side hidden earlier. But I guess she now had bigger exposure issues to wrestle with. She took us row by row through her vegetable garden, telling all about the nutritious plants growing. When we reached the end, she walked us around the side of the house and through her flower gardens. The whole time, she made sure to keep her hands firmly over her breasts.

She walked slower and slower, stalling as her flower garden tour was wrapping up. At the end of the last row, she knew she had run out of time. But even then, she dallied. The three of us stood awkwardly in the hot sun waiting for someone else to make a move. Every time Lucy looked to me, I shot back an expectant look. She already knew what she had to do.

"So....", she said, her midwestern voice quivering, "would…you good folks like to watch me harvest some vegetables?"

Joseph nodded eagerly and I just smiled. We followed her over to one corner of the yard where a small shed held some of the bigger gardening supplies and excess soil. A roof extended from one side of the shed to form a shaded area. With a deep, fateful breath, she stepped under the roof. Joseph peered intently after her, willing his eyes to adjust to the shaded darkness so he could figure out what the half-naked farmer girl was up to.


Dare Me - Chapter 13 - Hardship Study Buddy (Part 19)

She emerged from the shadows pushing a wheelbarrow in front of her. With both hands occupied lifting the handles, her breasts were fully bared for the first time in his presence. She pretended like nothing had changed even though she had just spent the entire garden tour with her hands conspicuously latched onto her otherwise unprotected boobs.

"The Lord respects no dawdlers, and neither do I," she called out, another odd phrase she must have picked up somewhere, "clear a path!"

She marched directly at us, the rubber tire of the empty barrow bounding wildly over the rough path. Intending to travel back up the row between vegetation we had just come down, she aimed it right for us. I leapt out of the way, but Joseph failed to react to the girl and cart heading his way. Lucy dug in her rubber heels and came skidding to a stop just in time to avoid a collision with the boy.

The reason for his stupefaction was two-fold. Rather, there were two, very distracting reasons sitting proudly on the girl's naked chest. He stared agape at Lucy's two pink nipples shining proudly in the bright sunlight. In the time since he last saw them, her boobs had grown more impressive and more beautiful by leaps and bounds. They had been jiggling impressively as she barreled toward him, and, due to their recently grown extra mass, took a little longer than she did to come to a complete stop.

Even in the blinding sunlight, I detected a reddish blush on her cheeks as Joseph stared unabashedly at the set of real live girl boobies looking proudly up at him from upon her chest. Finally, when she couldn't take the attention anymore, she tilted the wheelbarrow and sent it off in another direction. The wheel trampled over a row of vegetables, leaving behind crushed lettuce and carrot stalks in its wake. For her, it was a small price to pay to stop Joseph from staring lewdly at her growing chest.

There was only one problem. It didn't stop Joseph; not in the least. As soon as we caught up to her, he gleefully went right back to staring at Lucy's cute jiggling display. Whenever she turned her back to him, he happily took in the impressive curves of her gorgeous bottom. She felt his eyes on her the entire time she worked. No angle was safe from his lecherous gaze.

By the time she finished, we were all ready to get out of the sweltering sun. Joseph and I were sweating, but not nearly as much as Lucy was since she was doing all the hard work harvesting the plants. She had gone to put the wheelbarrow away. When she returned, she had conspicuously resumed holding her breasts in her hands. Looking her up and down, I noticed that her normally pure white skin was now covered in dirt. When she saw me walk over and start to uncoil the water hose, her face went white.

"Hey, Nellie, it looks like you could use a hose-down. Can't have you tracking in dirt all over our freshly cleaned floors. Go hang up your gardening tools and take off your boots."

Reluctantly, with her shoulders slumped, she turned and headed off around the corner of the house. When she returned, she was no longer wearing her work apron or hat. Reaching the patio, she stepped out of her giant rubber boots, leaving her completely naked with no covering remaining except her own two hands. She had one firmly clamped over her pussy, while the other, she tasked with somehow trying to cover both boobs. Having seen her take this exact type of outdoor shower before, I knew what a treat Joseph had in store.

Without the protection of her boots, her feet immediately felt the full heat of the concrete which had been baking in the sun all afternoon. She lifted one into the air to get some relief. But soon the heat became too much, and she had to put it down so she could lift the other one. A sexy, uncontrollable sun dance soon developed where she was constantly jumping from one foot to the other to keep her soles from getting seared. Her whole body jiggled adorably from the effort.

"I've got to go turn the water on," I explained, handing the business end of the hose to Joseph, "I'm sure you can figure out what to do with this."

With a nervous glance at the naked tween jumping erotically from foot to foot in front of him, he gulped, but accepted the hose. I turned the spigot on and watched in amusement as Joseph proceeded to hose the dirty girl down. She gasped in shock when the water first contacted her tender white legs before traveling up her buck-naked body.

Joseph quickly settled into his enjoyable task. Washing a real, live naked girl was way more fun than hosing down your bicycle. He soon learned which parts of her body elicited the greatest reaction when the spray landed there. He didn't even have to give her instructions. When he wanted her to turn around to appreciate her from another angle, he simply pointed the stream at certain sensitive spots, and she would twist her body to his whims.

After her skin had been returned to its usual flawless Lucy porcelain, I turned the water off. The concrete was thoroughly soaked, and she no longer needed to dance in place to stay cool. She stood still while rivulets of water streamed erotically down her perfect shape. I snickered when I noticed she had managed to get through her hose shower with her pussy still covered by her hand.

I thought it was cute how, even with her entire shiny body utterly exposed, including her young, maturing breasts and now stiffened pink nipples, she was still fighting to keep her young womanhood hidden from Joseph's hungry eyes. Of course, that only motivated me to take even that last little vestige of privacy away from her.

I had already decided on what I was going to make her do next. The only remaining question was whether to give her another break or keep things moving right along. I saw the late afternoon sun beginning to cast long shadows in the yard. Lunch time had come late and taken longer than expected due to her dalliance tactics. After a fun, but sweaty, time spent watching the nearly nude farm girl tend to her garden, a cool, relaxing evening indoors sounded nice. I saw no real reason not to move right ahead and give my naked sister her next task immediately.

Leaving Lucy to drip her nude body dry on the patio, I instructed Joseph to take his own dusty shoes off and gave him a place to store them in our mud room. Then I took him to the living room to await the evening's activities before returning to the back door.

"Well done, Nellie," I commended the naked farm girl, "you gave our guest a very educational and informative presentation."

She blushed at my insinuation. Forget farming! If he got any sort of education that afternoon, it was a female anatomy lesson!

"I think you've earned a break," I announced.

"Really?!" she gasped, an excited smile breaking out on her beleaguered face. It never even occurred to her to wonder why I would suddenly be so generous.

"Sure," I smiled back, "you've been such a good sport that I'm going to make your next task an easy one. It's something you've done so many times in the past few days, you won't even have to think about it. In fact, you were on your way to doing it anyway before old Joey showed up."

Her smile faded. "No, Mikey, I can't!" she cried.

"Oh, come on," I scoffed, "we won't bother you. You just have to watch and follow the cheer practice video once all the way through. I'll even keep Joseph entertained while you're practicing. You won't even know we're in the room."

Before she could form another protest, I held up my hand. "Don't bother arguing. Either do it, or don't. I don't care. But you better decide quickly. Because if you have not started cheering in the living room in five minutes, you have failed your dare."

I left her, eyes fluttering, and returned to the living room where Joseph was disappointed to see me without my cute, nude sister in tow. I pulled our old checkerboard out of the game closet and got him to reluctantly accept my challenge of a contest. We had to substitute random pieces from other games because so many checkers were missing by that point.

Right on schedule, a few minutes later, Lucy shyly peeked her head into the room, keeping the rest of herself hidden around the corner. Both of Joseph's heads jumped to attention when he saw her. She had put her hair up into a high ponytail with her cheer ribbon tied into a neat bow and was obviously holding her pom-poms behind the door frame.

"Oh, hey Joseph," I began, giving Lucy a knowing wink, "remember how I said Lucy wants to be a cheerleader? And how she was dressed earlier?"

His eyes went wide as he recalled what she had been wearing when he first encountered her in the hallway. Then a grin formed on his lips.

"Well, she's been using the living room for her workouts. You don't mind if she practices in here while we play, do you?" I asked innocently.

"I don't mind at all!" Joseph replied a little too eagerly while covertly trying to adjust his shirt down over his lap.

"Great!" I replied, "go ahead Lucy."

She gave me a wistful look. When she saw she would not receive a last second reprieve, she closed her eyes and took a deep breath and held it. It must have felt like an impossible task to override her screaming preservation instinct and bring her exposed body into view. Fortunately, she had a secret weapon.

I watched in fascination as her plump lips slowly formed into a smile. But it wasn't a normal Lucy smile. It was much, much more perky. Then her head started bobbing and I figured out what she was doing. Nikki. Without any actual clothes, the poor girl was clothing herself in the only thing she had left: another character.

It was Lucy's body that finally stepped around the corner, but her mannerisms were all Nikki. She bounced into the room dressed in only her cheer shoes and socks, shaking her pom-poms excitedly. Pressing "Play" on the VCR, she bounded to the center of the living room to watch the gymnasium scene play out and the real Nikki give her introductory speech.

Joseph's jaw dropped for the second time that day as he stared at the sexiest sight of his young life. The naked budding cheerleader stood at parade rest but couldn't stop her bare leg muscles from flexing impatiently. Unable to keep herself still during the girls' introductions, her head started bobbing to the tune of a silent cheer in her head. Then her hips joined in and his jaw somehow managed to drop even lower.

I had to snap repeatedly to draw his attention back from the spectacular curves of her naked ass flexing in time as she shifted her weight side to side. As soon as he had moved his checker, his eyes snapped right back to the naked cheerleader.

His checkers game suffered immensely from the distraction, and I easily dominated him. But at least I did manage to keep half of his attention. That is, until the introductions were completed, and Lucy started doing her stretches. Discarding her pom-poms, she began contorting her naked body along with the girls on the screen. At that point, I could have stolen his wallet and shaved his head, and he wouldn't have noticed. So, I gave up trying to play games and just enjoyed Lucy's erotic performance along with him.

I noticed him pawing at his crotch again, and, before long, he was obviously squirming in his seat. Clearly, his little situation had returned with a vengeance.

Really, it had never left. It was just simmering beneath his shorts all through the garden tour. But like a water balloon being slowly filled from a tap, his body was filling with hormones. His balloon must have already been incredibly full by now, but the poor kid didn't know how to operate the release valve and could only squirm uncomfortably as the naked cheer girl poured more and more water into his balloon.

Since her workout prevented her from keeping her pussy concealed, I was happy to confirm that Joseph wasn't the only one dealing with an arousal situation. Her mind may have been comforted to have the cloaks of Barb, Nellie, and Nikki enveloping her all day. But her body was not so easily fooled. As her humiliating exposure gradually increased, her arousal appeared to have increased at approximately the same pace.

Her body had completely air dried on the back patio before coming inside. But her bald pussy was still glistening with moisture. Every time she attempted another stretch or technique maneuver, her glittering flower twinkled in the light. I knew without a doubt that, after nine days of no relief, her body was primed and ready to make the most spectacular diamonds!

But, having seen how weak her self-control got once her diamond factory got this hot, my biggest concern shifted to making sure she didn't give into her bodily urges before it was time. I would have to watch her closely for any warning signs and resort to extreme tactics if necessary.

She went back to parade rest during my favorite part of the video, and I got to enjoy Nikki and the other girls take their showers in the locker room and get ready afterward. When the video cut to the football field for chants and cheers, I excused myself and went to order a pizza for dinner.

It was dark out by the time she finished the entire video. Our time together was almost at an end. I had accomplished everything I had set out to do with Lucy and Joseph, but don't think for a minute that I just coasted out the rest of her dare. I owed it to her to give it my best effort. Besides, I was just having so much damn fun!

Since the pizza had arrived, I went ahead and let Joseph start eating while I sent Lucy, who had gotten sweaty again from cheer practice, up to take a shower – a normal, indoor one, this time. Not trusting her to behave herself in her current state of arousal, I followed her upstairs and stood watch in the bathroom while she rinsed off for the second time that day.

"Not bad, Nikki," I teased, once again emphasizing the fact that she had adopted a persona to help her through her humiliating ordeal, "you gave Joey a performance he will remember forever! Although, between Barb, Nellie, and Nikki, I'm not sure he even got to spend any time with the real Lucy today," I added, regretfully.

Her face went white when I exclaimed, "Hey, that gives me an idea!"


