Megan's ENF At Adult Store
by psullivan22222

Day 01

Megan was standing nude in front of the mirror. Little drips of water after the shower still visible on her skin. She ran a finger along her skin... gently cupping her breast... and continuing down along her stomach. Her nipples immediately hardening. She ran the other hand along her smooth mound.

"What do you wear at an adult store" Megan said to herself. "Classy or Sassy". She gave her body a final critical look... and then turned to the closet. Megan wasn't like those other girls flaunting their sexuality. Her parents taught her to be conservative and to save herself for marriage. "Money is money - and this store was hiring. It's not like she this is using any of those toys - I am just selling them." Megan justified to herself.

The closest thing to sexy that Megan could find was a white tennis skirt. It was the shortest skirt she owned - and went a few inches past her ass. So as long as she was careful and not twirling or bending down - she will be covered. To go with the skirt, she decided on a white cotton panties. For the top, she chose a white buttoned shirt - and a comfortable white bra underneath. The white shirt was a little transparent - but only in sunlight. So that won't be a problem inside a store.

She arrived at the store on time and met her manager Lauren.

"Megan... right? Great to finally meet you"... Lauren said extending her hand for a shake.

"We just have a few preliminary items we need to discuss first. I think you will do wonderfully here. We promote a sex positive image. What that means is that we, as representatives of the brand, need to exude confidence in our sexuality. Can you do that Megan?"

"I think so. ok. yeah. I guess so" said Megan

Lauren watched Megan for a moment - taking a long look and sizing her up before continuing. "All new hires need to go through a probation period to ensure they actually have that confidence. I will be responsible for you during this period but also judging you. The way we like to train new hires is to give them the flexibility to discover themselves. You just need to complete 50 tasks. You decide on what they are but I will need to judge whether you are being true to yourself and our brand. Unfortunately, if a task is not sufficient, I will need to issue you a warning, and if you get more than 5 warnings - we will need to end the training and terminate your job here. Does all this make sense Megan?"

Megan could only node. "50 tasks - how bad can it be. And I get to decide what they are - so that's not bad" Megan though to herself.

"Your first task is now. What would you like to do to push a little bit on that sexual comfort boundary. " Lauren asked.

Megan was a little dumbstruck thinking about what she can do. "How about I unbutton a few top buttons on my shirt?" asked Megan.

"That works. See - that was so easy. " Lauren agreed.

Megan slowly unbuttoned the top 3 buttons on her shirt. With that many buttons undone, people can now see the tops of her boobs and a little of her white bra underneath.

"Great. 49 tasks left. This will be fast. Lets do a few tasks now - just to get your a little loose and comfortable - before the store opens and clients start coming in. What do you want to do for your next task?"

"Can I unbutton another button?" asked Megan.

"So this is actually a great example where I would give you a warning. This time I won't because you are just learning the rules. Each task needs to be unique - and needs to be more than what you did for the prior ones. So no copy cats, and no incremental baby tasks. "

Megan looked around at the aisles of sex toys... and then looked down at her outfit - "I don't know what else I can do. Maybe you can give me some idea of what would qualify?" asked Megan sheepishly.

"I would love to... I think for your second task. You need to push that boundary of your comfort zone. What can it be - lets see - you can take your top off - and just work in your bra or you can take your bra off - and risk someone seeing your nipples? Do your nipples get hard? "..... "hmm.... another option... you can take your panties off. Your skirt is pretty long - so no one would know except me and you. It will be our little secret. " said Lauren smiling.

Megan could feel her juices starting to flow. She couldn't believe her body betraying her like that. "No one would know" she started rationalizing. She has never done anything like this before. She has always worn panties - and comfortable, conservative panties at that. She was at the store for 5 minutes - and already she is being asked to take her panties off. This is another level of crazy. But, her body had other ideas. This moment was so crazy but so exciting at the same time. She could feel her body reacting... her face flushing. Lauren smiled watching Megan's reaction... seeing her body fidgeting... her face flushing.. clearly becoming aroused.

Megan lowered her eyes to the floor... her hands moving to the sides of her skirt... lifting it just enough to get to the panties band... then slowly, she started lowering her panties, being careful not to show anything... and keeping her skirt down. When her panties were half way down... she let them drop... and then carefully stepped out of them. She picked them up - and stood there a little dumbfounded - not sure what to do next.

Lauren took the chance to step in and take the panties from Megan. "That was really great - and really powerful and strong of you. Great job. " Megan said... while playfully twirling the panties... "one thing..." Lauren continued... while sort of rubbing the panties between her fingers... "your panties are wet"

Megan was mortified... her face turning bright red. "I am sorry" whispered Megan.

"Hon - why are you sorry. This is wonderful. You are turned on and that's the point - to discover your sexuality - to embrace it. I am proud of you. " said Lauren - and gave Megan a hug... "ok - now we need to open the store and get to work. First - I need you to move all those big black dildos from that top shelf - to the very bottom shelf. You'll need to use that little stepping ladder to get to the top shelf. " and with that Lauren walked away leaving Megan standing there.

"This is a problem. If I get up on the ladder and reach for the dildos - I would definitely be showing my ass. ok. I just need to do this fast, and get it done." There was just no way to do that without mooning the customers. She got up on the ladder but had to stretch out to get to the black dildos... forcing her to bend her back and push her ass further out. She heard a woman clearing her throat behind her - and almost dropped the dildo, she was holding. She quickly turned and came back to the ground.

"Hi - I am Megan. Can I help you with anything" "Ah -... yes... did you know... that when you're on that ladder... people can see up your skirt. " said the lady.

Megan tried to keep from blushing... "we promote a sex positive environment" she said. When the lady left, she saw Lauren walking her way. "That was a great job. Way to get the customer to feel safe and sexy by showing off how you feel safe and sexy"

"it felt really good to help her" responded Megan.

"You are really rocking this - lets do the next task now - this way we can just finish all of this fast - and be done with the probation. What would you like to do next?" asked Lauren.

Megan face immediately flushed...and she could literally feel her juices running down her leg. "Can you suggest something"... Megan responded in a hoarse voice.

"You can take the bra off or the shirt or even the skirt. Although, my opinion is that you should keep the skirt - as you're not wearing any panties. What maybe an easy option is to just keep everything on - and try one of the keggle balls. This way you also get to learn a bit about the products we sell at the same time. "

Megan could only nod her head.

"Great" said Lauren in an excited voice - and proceeded to look for the keggle box. Finding the one she was looking for... she just took it off the shelf - and opened it - pulling out the toy. "I am sure you are super wet - so we don't need any lubricant. This toy goes all the way in, and the way it works is as you move around... this little weighted ball inside the toy shifts around... it will feel amazing. I promise. " said Lauren... handing the toy to Megan.

"go ahead and just slide it in" Lauren continued.

Megan took the toy... she was in some kind of horny autopilot. Her pussy literally leaking, her face flushed. She never felt like this before - feeling so horny. The toy went in too easily... sliding in... leaving her fingers visibly glistening. Megan still tried to retain a semblance of decency - by trying to keep her skirt down as she put her hand underneath and slide the toy inside.

"ok... try walking around - see how you feel. " continued Lauren.

Megan took a few cautious steps... feeling the ball inside roll and shift its weight... she had to steady herself holding on to nearby table for support. "fuck... this feels amazing" Megan grunted. The sensations weren't enough to orgasm... but keep her on constant horny edge. It was difficult to focus on anything except the pleasure.

"horny girl... it's still work time. What I need you to do is walk around every aisle and check that all the products are in the right location. When you're done - come back and see me - and we will do the next task."

It took Megan sometime to walk around - as she had to take small careful steps. If she moved too fast - she was certain she might orgasm. The other problem was that her pussy was so wet and leaking... she was afraid that the toy would just slide out. So she kept her legs close together - and moved slowly - trying to reduce the amount of stimulation she was getting. After finally completing her task - she slowly returned to Lauren and in a hoarse voice "I finished the inventory."

"Good job. Did you think about your next task that you want to do?"

"Maybe you could suggest something like last time." answered Megan.

"You know I am starting to think that you might be a submissive Meg. " Lauren answered playfully - which made Megan blush even more than possible.

At this point, Megan was so horny - she just wanted more.

"Right now - you're feeling sexy and horny - but you don't look sexy and horny. So, I suggest for your next task - we make your appearance match how you're feeling. We carry a selection of outfits - its like our stripper line. I think it would be really great if customers saw how these outfits actually look. I'll pick one out for you to put on. " and without waiting for an answer Lauren started looking for what she had in mind.

Lauren returned in a few minutes holding a few small packages.

"Could I maybe just take off my bra instead of changing everything" asked Megan in a pleading voice.

Lauren immediately got very serious "Look Megan... you are not wearing any panties, you have a toy inside your pussy, and I can see your juices literally leaking down your leg. Taking off the bra with that thick shirt - just doesn't push your sexuality forward. I am afraid if you insist - I will need to issue you a warning. It's your choice. "

"No... you are right. I need this job. I will wear what you got for me. thank you for helping me by the way. " Megan answered quickly - hoping to divert the conversation away from warnings.

Lauren smiled... "of course... right, so, this is the skirt" and she handed a small plastic package to Megan. "... and these are the panties"... she handed a tiny plastic package with what looked like a white string inside. Megan could believe it was a dental floss but not panties. "... the top is where I think you will push your sexuality a little, for sure."... and she handed another little transparent plastic bag. The bag seemed to contain a stockings type mesh material - not something that Megan would classify as a top. "...and finally shoes.".. Lauren dangled a pair of fuck me stripper 7 inch heels.

"Can I dress in the dressing rooms please" Megan asked not certain what she would do if told to strip here in the middle of the store.

"of course - Meg... straight in the back are the changing rooms"

Megan took her little plastic bags and shoes... and headed back... finding one of the little rooms empty... she stepped inside, and closed the curtain.

Looking at herself in the mirror... Megan whispered to herself... "pull yourself together Meg. You need this job. You need the money. It's just probation. And this is good - gets you out of that protective shell. ok - lets do this. "

Megan stripped her remaining cloths - standing nude - and admiring her body in the mirror. She had a toned body from all the years of gymnastics but with nice perky breasts.

"ok lets see what this outfit is"... Megan opened the skirt first. You could mistake it for a belt or maybe a wrap - but definitely not a skirt. It was this pleated thing - probably attempting to look like a school girl skirt - "a whore schoolgirl" - thought Megan. It had a velcro connector designed for easy on and off - obviously meant for strippers. She wrapped the skirt around her and fastened the velcro. The skirt didn't really cover anything. Her pussy was still visible and the skirt barely covered half her ass. Next for the panties. Megan's initial suspicion was right. The panties - calling them panties is a big stretch of the word - was just a set of strings... with a tiny triangle patch - that covered nothing. Megan slipped on the g-string... and found that it was not only tiny - but also a few sizes too small. The string disappeared between her ass cheeks - so from the back it looked like she wasn't wearing anything, and in the front, the little triangle got wedged between her lips. The skirt wasn't long enough - so everything was on display. She looked obscene. The top was next. She slowly opened the little plastic bag - afraid of what she would find. The worst fears confirmed. The top was just a piece of pink fishnet style stocking. It was like a tube top - but made from fishnet stocking material - so had these large holes through out. She might as well be topless. The top covered nothing - just made it seem more obscene. She put on the stripper shoes - wobbling a little from the extra height. She looked at herself in the mirror. Tits completed exposed, hanging out in the fishnet mesh, rock hard nipples, tiny wrap school girl skirt, and her pussy lips sticking out from the g-string. She looked like some kind of horny whore.

Before Megan had a chance to chicken out, Lauren opened the curtain and stepped inside - leaving the curtain open. "Oh my god - you look so great. so hot. very sexy. Let me see from all sides. "... and she just placed her hands on Megan's waist and moved her to different directions to get a good luck from front and back.

"you look so sexy - and everything fits great. I am not seeing the keggle balls - so looks like you've decided to keep it inside - i told you you'd love it. "

Megan realized that she forgot about the keggle balls inside her - she got so focused on this whore outfit - and it felt so nice to be full. it completely slipped out of her mind to take them out.

"I know the perfect job for you in this outfit" Laurent took Megan by the hand, and led her out of the changing room - heading for the front of the store.

"Your job will be to great customers as they walk in. So you stand right here - and you will be the first thing that customers see as they walk in. You should great them happily - and direct them to whatever sections they are looking for. Don't forget to smile and act bubbly and happy. Maybe jumping a little or jiggling your top would be great to - just to show how exciting you are that they have come into the store. "

Megan could only nod her head. Her mind was in some kind of cloudy horny daze. She just wanted some privacy so she can touch her needy clit and give some attention to her hard nipples.

It was a steady stream of customers coming in. Some of the girls would openly laugh and smile, while others gave a weird wanton look. The guys were more uniform - all of them openly staring at her tits and pussy. She tried her best happy bubbly greetings - bouncing her tits a little. The little fishnet didn't really give any support - so every movement made her tits bounce.

After about an hour, Lauren returned to check on Megan... "so how is our horny girl doing. All the customers are talking about you. You've made quite an impression on everyone. I think business is definitely up. great job. "

"Thank you. Could I take a little break maybe?" asked Megan.

Lauren just smiled "let me guess - you pussy and tits need some attention."

Megan just blushed. "was it that obvious was her plan was" she thought.

"I have an idea - horny girl. Lets do another task. That will give you something else to think about. What would you like to do for your next task?" asked Lauren.

"short of going naked, I am not sure what else I can do" responded Megan.

"well - if my math is right - this will be only 6th task - so we still need to get through quite a few. I have an idea for the next task - and we can combine it into two tasks actually - so we can knock off two tasks at the same time. "

Lauren pulled one of the boxes.. and took out a set of nipple clamps connected by a metal wire. Without waiting for Megan to respond, she grabbed a nipple - pinching and pulling at the same time, making Megan yelp in surprise and sensation. Then Lauren unceremoniously attached the clamp right to the nipple - and repeated with the other breasts.

"This is part one. To get credit for the second part. You will need to offer this chain to customers coming in - and ask them to pull on it. You need at least 5 customers for it to count. Have fun. " and without waiting for Megan to respond, Lauren just turned around and left her standing here, breasts out, nipples clamped, pussy lips hanging out from an obscene thong - standing there in her 7 inch stripper heels.

The next customer to walk in was a boy about her age. She tried to act all bubbly - but her face was flush with humiliation. "Hi - welcome to the store. My name is Megan. Please let me know if I can help you with anything. Today we have a sale on nipple clamps... "... she held up the chain... "maybe you can buy it for your girlfriend - she will love it. You can hold this chain - and just pull on it - and that will stimulate her nipples. Please try if you like"... Megan extended the chain a little offering it to the boy.

"You want me to pull on this chain - how do I know how far to pull?" asked the boy.

"ah.. I think until maybe you get a reaction" it was the only thing Megan could say in a husky voice - her hands still extended offering the chain.

He took the chain, and pulled it a little - watching Megan for her reaction. Megan involuntarily closed her eyes a little. He pulled a little more - and then a little more... extending the nipples... threatening the chain to slide off... Megan gasped... "fuck".... the boy smiled... "i think I am supposed to keep pulling until you squeal"... and he pulled on the chain a little more... causing Megan to squeal from combination of pain and pleasure. He let go - leaving Megan gasping.

"thanks - that was fun" said the boy - and continued into the store.

The next few customers just pulled a little and let go, but the last one was a girl of similar age - wearing jeans and t-shirt. She pulled hard and didn't let go after initial sequel.

"does the little slut get off on humiliation - and getting her fat tits abused" she asked Megan - while pulling on the chain... Megan gasping between pain and pleasure - her pussy in control of her head... "fuck...yes..... I am a horny slut" gasped Megan in between moans.

Before things could escalate further... Lauren stepped in... "ah - I see you found our new resident horny girl. Her name is Megan.... and Megan meet Molly. Molly owns a dominatrix dungeon in the city - and is a regular customer here. I am so glad you got to meet each other. Probably best if you refer to her as Mistress Molly before she pulls any further on your nipples. Why don't you thank Mistress Molly for being such a great customer and helping you with your nipples."

"Thank you for being our customer and for helping me Mistress Molly. " said Megan

Molly still holding to the chain... yanked it a little further "helping you with what slut?"

Megan yelped and quickly followed up "helping me.... eh... by humiliating me... to satisfy my needy pussy"

Molly laughed at the response and let go of the chain.

Laurent continued... "Megan you're making great progress. I am very proud of you, but its time for the next task. Do you have any ideas - or I should pick again?"

Megan has never been this horny before. Her pussy already decided on the answer. She needed more. "please pick for me again" Megan said quietly and looking down -- to embarrassed to make eye contact with either Lauren or Mistress Molly.

"You know Megan"... Lauren continued... " you are really lucky that Mistress Molly is here today. Her profession is literally in expanding peoples sexual horizons. She is actually here to do a presentation in the store for our customers. She will talk about what BDSM is and how couples can apply some techniques in private in their bedrooms. For your next task, I will give you over to Mistress Molly to help with her presentation. She is in charge and you will do what she says. You understand Megan?"

"Yes. I understand. I am to do as Mistress Molly says" replied Megan - still looking at the floor - too humiliated.

"Ok - I will leave you girls now. Molly dear - so good to see you again. Everything is ready outback - and everyone is waiting. So, please join us when ready. " said Lauren, gave another wide smile to Megan.... and walked to the back of the store - where a small crowd of people was forming...waiting for the presentation to start.

