An Exhibitionist Is Born
by boredwifeuk
Copyright© 2022 by boredwifeuk

Michelle was bored. Lock down was a pain, she had no need to work and so didn’t. This meant she had little excuse to go out for more than shopping, even if she could have done it online. She was bored.

Idle hands found the devil’s work of course. Lusting was an online naughty stories site, Michelle had a slow sex life and was easily drawn in to the online stories, in particular ones where the woman was taken under control by some wicked, nasty man, and made to do things they would have liked to do if they had the nerve, or the excuse, like being tricked or forced or convinced.

After a short time Michelle joined the site and found lots more fun. With her online persona the forty three year old dyed blonde could flirt and be ‘bad’ with complete anonymity and safety. As “Softgirly”, she had the ability to chat up and be chatted up, and take part in sexy adventures, and in her profile she had put how she thought being a bit of a ‘sub’ would be fun.

One member, “SirDick”, was a particular friend. He wrote good stories that turned her on and was fun in the site, rude, naughty and very flirty. Gradually, along with other site pals, they had the running joke that Softgirly was sub to SirDick. Readers could see such entries as;

“Hey, SirDick, coming to the big bar (pretend site pub) for a beer and maybe some loose women?”

“Good idea, I’ll tell SG to cum too, in case there aren’t any already there.”

“O.K.”

“Hey SG, you there?” She was showing as online.

“Yep?”

“Get on down to the bar, we may need someone to grope and fondle.”

“Cheeky, will do, I’ll be in a very short black skirt and a white vest, low cut.”

“No panties or bra you little hussy.”

“Would I Sir!”

And so they would meet in the pretend bar and flirt and “just sliding my hand up your right thigh SG.” Where others members could join in, just read the lines, or ask things like, “Is she for hire mister?”

In real life Michelle could never behave like this, much as the thought excited her, she did not have the nerve.

In private messages Michelle would act the same way, and got very tight with Dick.

“Do you wish your old man would share you with others M?” Dick asked one day.

“What, for real you mean?”

“Yes, you know, like dogging or in a friend’s house, whatever?”

“Um, well, yes, sort of, but he never would, and I would need a real push. Total fantasy.”

“What about putting a picture in your gallery showing off your body, I bet it’s hot

And would make lots of cocks hard. You could do that.”

“God no, someone could know me, and I’m not that hot anyway.”

“Leave off the head, and I’ll be the judge of that thank you.”

Well you can guess how it went from there. After some persuading, both in and out of online character, M sent a headless picture to Dick, with her in a skirt and vest similar to what she described earlier, but a longer skirt, with ‘fuck me’ boots.

Dick was impressed. Michelle was maybe five foot nine, no sign of the two kids, and a nice slim figure. A bit like Cate Blanchet, very sexy.

Michelle argued that even without the head in view, anyone knowing her would recognise her as that was her normal dress style.

“Then dress less, surely they won’t know you in your underwear!”

“No way!”

“Are you sure I was asking SG?”

“What?”

“Now come on, do as I tell you, same shot, undies only. Oh, and the boots, stay on.”

After a little dithering Michelle felt the tingle of excitement that Dick was playing on. After all he told her, it was her body to show off, no laws broken. Do it. She did.

Matching mauve bra and pants, dark brown boots to the knee, she really was appealing. She looked her age, but it was good on her. A few poses followed and eventually four were in her gallery. “Now” sent, Dick said” sit back and soak up the praise.” Praise indeed. From friendly stuff like “NICE” and “Wow, I really fancy that” to complimentary statements for the site, “God I would have that bent over and stuff it” and “Why is no one fucking that whore, she should be dripping with cum!” Michelle even had to bring herself off after reading some of them; she was so turned on to discover her affect on men. Dick pushed the advantage. Next, lose the bra and show the goodies. On a high, she did three shots, one with arms crossed, one side view and then the full frontal. The comments went wild, including begging for face views, meet ups or at least online cyber sex.

One night in the site bar, someone asked Dick if his girl would blow him. Dick said of course she would and told her too. She shyly pointed out she only did that for her husband and him. On Lusting that is. “Right, so do it for me on him!” “Oh SirDick, I love it when you get bossy.” “SO, on your knees Softgirl, blow the man.”

“What, here in the bar?” “YES” “Not if anyone objects” she posted. No one did. “O.K. On my knees, opening his fly, oh my, quite big this one. Here we go nom nom nom slurp.” M found it hard to describe actions sometimes.

Soon someone posted; “Just going to slide a couple of fingers in SG, don’t talk with your mouth full.” “Mmmff bomm huff mmf mmmff” “Mind if I suck a nipple SirDick?”

“Help yourself mate.”

An imaginary orgy followed, with Softgirl being taken by lots of site members, often very descriptively, and in private message Dick urged M to finger herself. He encouraged others to call her a whore, slut and cum bucket, and this all brought Michelle, in the comfort of her own home, to an incredible orgasm.

“Show me, SG take a pic of your whore cunt and send me it, NOW.” Dick messaged her. Still high, she did. “Raise the angle; show me full length, NOW.”

She did, she showed him from her knees to her head by putting her phone on the coffee table and lying back with her legs open.

“Fantastic, oh yes, now, put that last one on the gallery, think of how hard all those cocks will be looking at you, Cumming for you, do it!” It would be as close to ever she’d get to fuck a stranger, she thought loosely, and how the guys would be under her spell even more. But who was under whose spell here? And even as she hit enter for the upload, she then realised what she had done.

“Leave it SG, leave it there or I will have to post my copy instead. Leave it up and watch the comments come in. You know you want to!” And in her loins, she really did.

M was now in crisis. So very turned on, and so scared. She froze, and then the comments came in. “Fuck, wish I’d done that to you.” “Wow what a beauty, and you’re face too.” “Love to pump that, do you do meets?” “My cock would be great in your mouth sweetie.”

Dick had commented on a few streams on the site that everyone should check out SG s gallery now, something that all 107 followers could do.

In spite of all her common sense, Michelle began to finger herself again. The comments were ranging from nice to disgusting, and she loved them all.

“Are you with us SG?” Dick asked. “Yes,” she wrote after a long moment. “WTF, what have you made me do.”

“Now be honest, you love it. Toast of the chat rooms and more followers than ever. Bet you’d love it in the real world, all those men lusting after you.”

Michelle was so surprised at herself she missed how it was really Dick in charge here. She reinforced to herself how it was all safe make believe and she could wipe her account anytime. Even forgetting she had given Dick certain copies. She duped herself subconsciously to avoid the guilt and concern she felt. Hiding it under excitement.

Comments flowed into her account, in a couple of weeks Michelle had cyber sexed with nine other members, one a woman (so the account said). She was feeling on top of the world. Then she got yet another request for new photos, it gave her pause.

If she wanted to remain so popular it would no doubt need more pics. And anyway, if any member knew her, she would know it by now. That was Dicks view, and it made sense. He was unaware of how many others M was playing with privately although he knew there were some. All to the good.

So more photos. Laying, bending over, legs open. Then A couple of requests for one of her sucking a dildo, fucking herself with one and even with a man. Lusting had limits. She just about got away with what she had posted, but this was more than was allowed. “Wifetaker” had an idea, another site, Rude pic. On there she could publish full on sex pics if she wanted. The idea appealed, it soaked her girly parts.

With coaxing from several followers on Lusting, Michelle went for it. Dick of course was at the fore in this, and made helpful suggestions. Over two hundred Lusting members promised to follow her on Rude pic. If at least two hundred joined the site she could make money from her membership. Then the more the merrier.

So many offered to partner Michelle in pictures. Of course this was not on, she only pretended to be a slut, and she wasn’t actually one. But Dick had been pushing her to go dogging, on her own if the old man wasn’t up to it. Of course, the old man knew nothing of any of it, heaven help M if he ever found out. But the idea thrilled her...

Pictures of Michelle with dildos in assorted poses made her a real star at Rude pic. She got bigger and longer dildos, did more with them, and wrote fictitious adventures with the help of Dick. A couple of stories were criticised as unrealistic. This was a real downer somehow. Naturally, Dick and Wifetaker and a few others had the answer.

“No way, Shit that would be, well, just NO!” M replied to the suggestions she really go dogging. For research.

It was explained that all she had to do was fondle herself in the car, not even open a window, just show herself playing, fully dressed if she wanted, and she’d have an audience. Oh how thrilling the idea was. And she could even show some flesh too, if she wanted. She could see for real the effect on men she could have. If only she had the nerve. But Covid meant restrictions that she could hide behind. Until it didn’t. Lock down lifted.

The men coerced her, in sexy ways.

Michelle very much wished Dick or someone was with her. No way would her husband go for this, but then Dick and the others were online and never met her in the real world. Thank god. Oh fuck this is complicated, she thought. She turned on the courtesy light like Wifetaker had told her. Sat back and caressed her right breast with her eyes closed. Thinking of her online persona, M was soon enjoying herself. “Craftycock” had told her how to set her iPad to take pictures of her from the dash board. She refused to do a live feed. Something made her open her eyes a little.

“Oh fuck, fuck fuck fuck.” There was a gnarly cock banging on her window. It was at this point she realised she had her top pulled down to show both her breasts. Excitement kept her going, and releasing her right breast she lowered the window before her action registered.

The older guy in a scruffy grey track suit told her she was really hot and asked very nicely if she would stroke him. Almost trance like, Michelle gently grasped the five inch cock and slowly stroked it. She felt electrified.

Gradually M sped up and grasped more firmly. She imagined what her online community would be saying. Telling her to suck it, to open the door, let him feel her. She felt his hand grab her right breast and as she jumped she grabbed his hand with her free one, and held it there.

The cock began to twitch in her hand; she could “hear” her followers telling her what to do. It was of course the right thing. It should be done. Just before the cock erupted Michelle took the whole helmet into her mouth and caught the whole first string at the back of her throat. She heard the man grunt as he shot two more strings and then dribbled a little more cum into her now new slut mouth. She sucked him clean and swallowed. She felt deliciously dirty. The moment he zipped up, M started the car and hurtled off to a nearby all night supermarket car park, she was to wound up to drive far. She stopped and looked at the pictures on the pad. So damn excited she logged to Rude pic to tell Dick and others what she had done. They of course wanted proof. In sending her loyal team the stills, she also sent them to her Rude pic account which was set to post them immediately. Unable to calm down for a while, M chatted online with several followers. Friendly insults came and made her buzz stronger. Craftycock sent instructions on how to video rather than photo, and they all said she ought to go and do more. Strike while the iron is hot etc. Oh the excitement.

Overexcited and on a high from all the praise online, M returned to the earlier car park, and set up again. In private site messages on her phone, Dick was encouraging Softgirl to go further, she may never have the courage again, this was her one chance and she must take it. Her top removed completely, M soon had a viewer, two in fact but one was in shadow, unseen. Stroking his seven inches with his left hand, the twenty something gestured to M’s breast and she nodded, now working her clit with two fingers of her left hand.

Her left nipple was well fondled when she let out a high groan to announce she had cum. That is she had an orgasm, She barely heard the words, “My turn?” From outside the window. With a perfect storm running in her stomach, Michelle sucked in all the cock she could and soon had another mouth full of semen, which followed the earlier one. She nearly burst with emotion, her head spinning. Her young man was still walking away when M saw the figure emerge from the shadows. He had about seven inches of hard cock over the top of his jogging shorts. M was now lost inside Softgirl and did as she heard herself being told. She opened the door and placed her feet on the ground, and welcomed the cock into her lips without a thought. Her breasts were teased and played with, suddenly her feet were grabbed and the shadow man had her legs up and his face in her crotch. As soon as the tongue licked her clit through her panties, she came again, groaning and shaking through a massive orgasm.

Dazed from the cum, Michelle, or more likely, Softgirl, felt herself raised to her feet and led to the front of the car. Her panties were swiftly removed altogether, and she was bent over the bonnet as seven inches of hot cock slid very easily into her sodden snatch. “Oh my God, I’m doing it!” She thought to herself excitedly. Her previous cock owner had returned, unknown to M. He had seen the iPad earlier and had an idea of what it was there for. As M gave herself to the pleasures of being fucked by someone whose face she had never seen, the ipad was turned and pointed toward the action. Out of frame above the chest, the anonymous cock continued to give the no longer bored housewife a damn good shagging. Michelle, or Softgirl, moaned and moaned as she took the shagging she had been unaware she desperately wanted, she didn’t know the ipad was turned and was often looking straight at it as she was fucked.

The ipad recorded M having another orgasm just before her snatch was filled with semen from the stranger, and she sucked a finger belonging to the man she had blown earlier. As soon as her rear was cleared she was filled again by the only slightly less familiar meaty cock. M was on such an emotional high she came twice as she was humped over her bonnet, and very nearly managed a third when she felt the warm deposit made in her unprotected hole. In her excitement Michelle couldn’t wait to show her Rude pic followers what had happened and silence her critics. She uploaded even before leaving the scene.

In the days that followed Michelle went from flying high to very low. Snippets of her activities hit other sites. Headlines claimed her as a man’s wife, girlfriend, lover and even neighbour or teacher. Now she was in the open, no cover. Anyone could see Michelle being fucked by perfect strangers in a dull car park, and taking it like a pro. Geoff her husband was online when Michelle got in from the shops. “Hi dear, watcha doing?” She asked. “We need to talk.” Said her husband in his deep voice. “Come see this.”

There on the screen was herself, some man humping her from behind over the car, and another guy with a finger in her mouth. She looked to be enjoying herself. She tried to explain but Geoff stopped her.

“I am Wifetaker, I run Rudepic, SirDick is Marcus, my work friend?” She stood, flushed and with her mouth open. “I aim to retire soon, I can afford it, but if you want to carry on spending like you do, you have to earn money. I will be arranging paid meets for you, with your followers and others, and there will be more dogging for the site.”

Michelle was totally stunned, she barely realised she was being stripped naked.

“Marcus and I are going to fuck you now darling. Then he will take you out dogging, we will have new footage for Rudepic by midnight tonight.”

M shivered as Marcus pushed two fingers inside her dampening hole, was it fear or excitement? Or maybe, a little of both.
