February 3rd, 2018
Had Master Dick and Master Jason over today on business. Served cucumber slices and some soup I had in the crockpot, as I had little time to prepare. Nonetheless, the meal met with their approval. Jason, in his zeal for uncouth behavior, raised an interesting point when he inquired as to why I persisted in my current employment. He reasoned that I could've reported Master Wayne to the authorities ages ago, had him committed, and continued as the executor of the estate with my ward safely ensconced. My duties would be far less dangerous, taxing, and unconventional, while I would've acted not at all ignobly by societal standards.
Dick somewhat conceded the point, and asked why indeed I had chosen to support Master Wayne rather than put a stop to the vigilante activities to which at many points I have vigorously objected. The question brought to mind an occurrence far earlier in Master Dick's career, while he was still the child Robin rather than the man Nightwing. Master Bruce, though constant as the North Star in many and often negative respects, was less experienced, more cocksure, and even, it must be said, somewhat more fit than age and depreciation will allow him to be today.
Barbara Gordon was then Batgirl, Master Dick's fellow assistant under Batman's leadership, but also—if you'll pardon the colloquial expression—something of a 'third wheel'. Master Wayne had decided that she was too inexperienced to accompany Robin and himself against the more dangerous criminals such as the Joker. Thus, Ms. Gordon was 'benched,' as it were. I came upon her in the Batcave. Master Wayne had given her her own special entrance to it, miles away from the manor, as his true identity was still hidden from her. For that reason, I was obliged to wear a rather silly domino mask as I attended her. As the man said, hi-ho Silver, away.

When Alfred brought down refreshments for Batgirl, he found her working the punching bag. She'd taken her cape and cowl off, which Bruce might disapprove of—what was the point of training if you were without all the conditions you'd have in the field?—but Alfred doubted honing her skills was strictly speaking what Barbara had in mind.
She was dancing around the heavy bag, punching it savagely, muttering disparaging comments toward his masters. Alfred's gaze roved up and down the girl's body. What he saw was very pleasing to the eye. She was five feet four inches, and a little over one hundred pounds. Innocent and young, with adorable freckles fully revealed with her mask off, as well as frizzy red hair, disheveled from her cowl. She was petite, slender, and fine-boned, while the yellow bat on her chest drew attention to her curving breasts and the authentic way they jiggled as she bounced around. Paradoxically, her trim ass barely so much as rippled as she danced, so taut with muscle was it.
Alfred cleared his throat. "I take it you disagree with the master's command decisions."
"No," Barbara replied. "Yes! I mean, I know the Joker is dangerous and all, but doesn't that just mean they could use my help anymore? I wouldn't get in the way—at least, I don't think I would get in the way." Groaning, she delivered a rapid-fire combo to the punching bag. "Ugh! I guess I'm just steamed that they don't think I'm ready, so I'm steamed that I'm not ready and I have to just sit here while they go off and have all the fun."
"Take it from someone who both 'sits here' and cleans up after 'all the fun'—there's a great deal of hard work to be done right here, long before and after the fisticuffs. And it is every bit as important as your thrilling heroics... with respect, Ms. Gordon."
"Sorry, Jeeves," she said, not knowing his name. "I didn't mean to imply what you do isn't important."
"Of course not. You're merely overwrought. I find that sometimes, the more one tries to vent their anger, the more anger is then produced."
Barbara looked at her hands. "And I'd so like to be ready, but all I'm doing is wearing out my gloves, aren't I?"
"I fear that to be the case, Ms. Gordon. Might I suggest a less energetic way of releasing your stress? A drink, perhaps?"
"I don't think you have a drink strong enough for me. All of this has me wishing the Joker was here right now so I could show all three of you that I can knock his teeth in."
"I don't believe that disagreeable gentlemen's teeth are what you need worry about. But you have a point—strenuous exercise might suffice at dispelling the tension you feel."
"But no hitting, right. I suppose I could run the obstacle course. How about it, Jeeves? What do you people do for fun around here?"
"Well, I can't speak for my charges, but when an enchanting young lady such as yourself is about, I endeavor to find an activity both guest and host might find stimulating."
And with that, Alfred reached down to the fly and lowered his zipper. Barbara could only watched, shocked, as it dropped to its lowest extension. Now she could see the bulge his prick made, even slack, against his boxers. And then Alfred reached into his undergarments and drew out its full length and width, revealing himself to be thirteen inches long and rapidly hardening, even growing!
"Oh my God... is that... that cannot be real... you're like a... shit... I never thought you'd be the one who..."
Alfred only smiled genteelly. He'd noticed that young Miss Gordon had nursed a crush on both Master Dick, who returned her affection, and even the unattainable Dark Knight. The mystery and excitement they represented to her could not be overstated. But it applied to him as well, as soon as he made her see him in a sexual light.
Grasping the collar of her costume, he pulled her to him. Her lips came up to his, parting against his mouth, and her tongue yielded to his determined suction in a long, domineering kiss. When it was done, Barbara ducked her head, and saw that his manhood was indeed reaching a full size it had not been at before.
"That thing has to be fifteen inches," she breathed.
"I would prefer the metric," Alfred said, "but yes, that would be the standard measurement. I imagine it'll take some doing to fit to your tiny cunt, but where there's a will, Miss Gordon, where there is a will!"
Moving the hand hooked on her neckline only slightly, he located the zipper at her clavicle and pulled it down all the way to her belly. Barbara could only shuffle about and moan gently as he stripped her, tearing her utility belt away and then opening up the crotch of her costume. He left her mostly inside its skintight confines. Alfred was under no illusion he was making love to Barbara Gordon at the moment. No, he was fucking Batgirl.
He pulled her to him again, and this time her crotch was bare, there was nothing to keep her from feeling the hardness of his manhood against her naked flesh. His breath hitched with excitement as his cockhead slipped slowly into her slick warmth. Holding Barbara steady and pushing evenly, he forced his engorged cockhead into her sex, tight and little though it may have been.
"Wait, wait, Jeeves!" she whimpered, clinging tightly to him even as she urged separation. "Please, take it easy, take it... your cock's so fucking big..." She was half fearful and half impressed.
Ignoring the girlish whinging of her plea, Alfred continued until he'd stuffed almost half of his brutal length into her little pussy. Admittedly, she was cruelly stretched by the effort, but the feeling was sensational. He imagined she was feeling it quite intensely as well, and he'd learned that a bird valued intensity no matter what she might spew.
"No, stop!" she cried out. "You're too big! It's too big!"
"Too big for your little cunt?" Alfred asked solicitously, getting a big nod in agreement from her. "Don't worry, Miss Gordon. We'll soon have that fixed."
He kept driving and twisting his massive prick until the entire length of it was deeply buried in Barbara. She was so widely stretched, he could feel her walls clinging to his shaft like cellophane.
"God, oh God!" Barbara shrieked. "Take it out! It hurts! IT HURTS!"
"Don't worry," Alfred assured her. "It's coming out."
He slowly began withdrawing his cock until only the tip remained inside her, Barbara sobbing with relief. Then, with a wild lunge, he drove all of his length up into her tight little hole again. Barbara screamed at the top of her lungs, the sound echoing through the cave, cajoling a swarm of bats into flight. They swirled about the cavern as Alfred drew himself out and thrust back in again and again.
Pinned against the punching bag by his heavy body, Alfred's huge cock deeply stabbed into her cunt, Barbara could do nothing but accept the brutal punishment her pussy was taking. As Alfred continued fucking his oversized prick into Barbara, her inner muscles began to relax. She was soon feeling sparks of pleasure. With the initial pain slowly disappearing into the pleasant friction, her sex began to tingle with excitement.
Yet still she persisted. "Stop, stop," Barbara moaned with pleasure.
Alfred almost laughed out loud at her silly plea. She no more wanted him to stop than she wanted her head shaved. She wanted to be fucked and she wanted to come. He'd never seen a body more desperate for it. Just to prove his point, he released her. He even took a step back and reached down to redo his zipper.
Barbara's eyes were glassy, her words confused. "Why are you... what'd you stop for?"
"As the saying goes, I do take requests."
"No, no, keep going!"
Alfred's eyes gleamed wickedly from behind his mask as he regarded her, giving the knife one last twist. "But you asked for me to stop?"
"Why start listening to me now?" Barbara insisted.
Alfred smiled, even chuckling good-naturedly. Women. And American women, at that. And most especially redheads.
"Down on all fours," he said, and Barbara was surprised to hear how controlled his voice was even with fifteen inches of hard cock jutting out from his groin. His authoritative tone made her even more eager to obey than her hot cunt already had her.
He knows what he's doing, she thought, lowering himself down as he'd instructed. He must have fucked dozens of women in his day, the dog. The suave English act must've had them lining up in droves.
She got down all the way, pressing her chest down until her hot, hard nipples were brushing the cave floor. Inversely, her ass raised. At first, she held her thighs locked together. Then—with Alfred's gaze burning on her trembling flesh—she felt compelled to spread her legs. She felt wicked as she did it, the knowledge that his lecherous eyes were feasting on her bare cunt making her wild with excitement.
"I can't believe what I'm doing," she groaned. "You can't tell anyone about this..."
"Your ass—higher, please."
Again she obeyed, thrusting her ass up and folded her knees under her. Her shoulders were braced against the ground.
He positioned himself behind her, his knees inside her. Gripping her waist, Alfred pulled her hips higher. As they moved, his stiff and throbbing cock rubbed between her thighs. Barbara gasped, expecting him to penetrate her at any moment, but instead he leaned over and kissed her shoulder. She squirmed and moaned, wishing he were still fucking her standing up. Alfred made several jabs forward with his pelvis, but while he touched her pussy, he never quite entered her.
"Don't tease!" Barbara pleaded. "I'll do anything, just don't tease!"
And just then, Alfred drove himself in to the hilt. Barbara's eyes widened at the depth of the penetration, but in a split-second she was smiling and rotating her hips to grind him in deeper. Again and again he took her, drawing back until only his glans remained inside her, then giving her all of himself. For minutes, Barbara played host to his strong, lunging strokes. When she orgasmed, she was barely able to separate her apocalypses of ecstasy from the simple pleasure of his cock completely filling her.
Soon she was squirting, her juices running down her splayed thighs. Alfred could smell her sultry hot arousal with every breath he took. It was time. He gasped loudly and let his cock fire. "Take it, you little cunt!" he growled, feeling the bubbling globs of cum spurting out of him. "Take my cum until it's spilling out of your cocksucking lips!"
And Barbara felt the first of his scalding cum splatter deeply into her sex. "Mmmmmmm!" she gasped, sensing another of her own climaxes about to explode. "That's... good... so good... keep fucking me like that... hard... I, I..."
As her orgasm engulfed her, sending shivers of raw release throughout her body, Alfred sat back on her haunches and pulled Barbara with him. She was now sitting in his lap as he hammered up into her wildly.
"Take it, bitch! Oh, shit yes, you whore, take this cock!"
As more of his seed plowed ahead of his cock into the depths of her womanhood, Barbara felt a new, even more intense burst of pleasure. The rippling ecstasy burned wildly around her opening, but didn't stop there, inflaming every cell of her body.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" she cried, throwing her head back and gasping for air. "God, fuck me full, you bastard! Yes... give me... all of it!"
Alfred gave a final hump into her as he jerked her down on his manhood. As the last of his boiling cum flew up between her pussy lips, he stopped moving altogether, panting against the back of her neck.
"God, Jeeves!" Barbara gasped, watching in disbelief as a seemingly endless supply of his cum ran down her wide-open pussy lips and down onto Alfred's balls, which looked big as baseballs even now. "Where did that come from? I don't think I can fucking walk!"
"I wasn't always a butler, my young dear," Alfred replied, his voice once more calm and dignified. "Although I have been servicing young women such as yourself for a very long time."
"Well, you haven't lost a step... let's keep this to ourselves, huh? That was fun, but shit, you're old enough to be my dad."
"It will be our little secret," Alfred assured her. "As will any other occasions when you might need to 'blow off some steam'."
"Good," Barbara said. "Because I think I still have a little tension left in my ass."
Alfred smiled warmly at her. "You know the position, Miss Gordon."