Abi's Amateur Hour Strip
by Camos1000

Abi does her first amateur hour strip in a city club.

This story is based on events that happened a few months ago that we thought we would share, a few changes have been made to make it read better, we hope you enjoy it.

Abi stood in front of the full-length mirror in the bedroom she shared with Steve her partner and looked at herself.

She had dressed in the lingerie he had bought her for her first ever amateur hour at a strip club near his work in the City of London, not too close but just close enough that there was a chance some of his colleagues would be there when she was on stage.

She knew Steve was really into this and that possibility was what he was especially looking forwards to as he loved to show her off and so far this had only been flirting in bars with strangers dressed in outfits he chose for her.

Abi loved the attention, both from the strangers and from her partner as she always had a new set of underwear or a new dress to wear for these nights out so it was something she really enjoyed too and loved as well how it made Steve feel about her, he was so proud that other men found her attractive and always wanted to know what they had said to her and what they especially liked about her so he could choose new outfits that would get her even more attention.

Usually for these nights out she would wear a bra and a thong or a g string, heels and in the winter stockings and heels usually with a little black dress as they liked to go to classy places in the city, often where business men might stay so there were lots of single guys in the bar.

Today however she was looking at herself in a tiny lace bra, a g string and four inch heels all chosen to show off her 34 DD enhanced boobs and slim figure as much as possible and only just covering her and just about keeping her decent. The heels made her look taller than her 5 foot 5 height and her legs looked longer too, a good choice she thought to herself especially as they had a little strap around the ankle so they cant fall off, another good choice she thought and laughed to herself.

She has spent a fair amount of time this morning getting ready, a nice long soak in the bath where she shaved her legs and pussy making sure everything was perfectly smooth, she resisted the temptation to play with herself wanting to save everything for later.

She had done her shoulder length blonde hair in a wavy style and had put her makeup on to make her look quite sophisticated, the look that Steve had chosen for her today, a sexy secretary and the underwear really did achieve that she thought as it hardly covered her at all especially her boobs as Steve had as usual bought a bra slightly too small for her meaning that her little nipples were only just covered by it, but she secretly liked that, it felt so exciting to know that she will be on stage in just an hour or two and that she will be seen by all those men dressed like this, maybe even undressed. Her nipples hardened as she thought about this, it really was very exciting.

They had discussed how far she would go, they both wanted it to be a thrill but also to be at least a little bit sensible, Abi had agreed to strip to her underwear for the first dance and then if she was invited back to do a second one maybe to go topless, she loved her boobs since she has them enhanced and so she was very excited but still very nervous too as she had never done anything like this before but she longed to show off her tits, the feeling of the guys all watching her topless dancing for them was a huge turn on for her.

The club Steve had chosen ran the amateur hour in the afternoons, mainly to get city workers in at a time when it was quiet and also so that the girls wouldn't be too intimidated and could have some fun without a huge audience so Abi felt confident it wouldn't be too scary, she continued to dress in a tight white blouse, a short black skirt, both chosen as they are easy to remove but also give the perfect secretary look.

Steve had bought her underwear from an on line strip club and club wear place so the bra fastened at the front and was a very thin lace so her nipples could be seen through it, she had practiced teasing, pulling the straps down and showing herself in front of the mirror for a few days now and could easily undo and take off the bra with one hand meaning that she could take it off and cover herself if she wasn't confident to go fully topless at the end, just the thought of that made her feel so horny, she slid her hand into the bra and teased her nipple and wondered if she had time to get her vibrator out to satisfy the feelings she had.

She stopped herself again, knowing there wasn't time and also that by saving it the end result would be all the better!

Her g string was the same, stretchy and see through and very small, it also came undone at the sides so it could be ripped off. Abi wondered how it would feel to do that but put the idea out of her head quickly!

The club that Steve had chosen has said that amateurs usually stripped to lingerie and some topless, usually it was wives and girlfriends wanting a thrill, so this was more than exciting enough. The club dancers all stripped to nude so if the amateurs wanted that was an option, but Steve had said it rarely happened.

Abi took a final look at herself in the mirror, grabbed her bag and put on her coat to cover the outfit and booked a cab to take her to the pub where she was to meet Steve before and have a vodka to calm her nerves!

The cab hooted its horn to let her know it had arrived and she locked the front door heading out for her first adventure as a stripper! She said the word to herself 'stripper' and she felt an incredible thrill as the cab set off on the short journey to the pub.

Abi arrived at the pub in the cab and paid the driver, she walked to the front door of the pub and realised that she hadn't thought this through too well as she didn't really think she could take off her coat with the outfit she had on underneath. Although it wasn't too revealing it was very sexy for a London pub in the early afternoon but too late now, so she entered the pub and looked around for Steve.

He was sitting at a table in the corner, thankfully away from the main area of the pub and so it was pretty quiet, he also had what looked like a double vodka and tonic sitting on the table next to the empty chair, so she quickly sat down and took a big gulp of the cold drink immediately feeling better as the vodka kicked in almost instantly.

Steve had planned it well it seemed as she didn't feel too worried about taking off her coat as it was not too well lit and the place wasn't busy, she self-consciously tried to close her blouse but it being a bit too small for her meant that the front was open showing off a lot of cleavage and she new that the shape of her nipples could be seen through the thin fabric, especially after the teasing she had given them before she left the apartment.

It wasn't a problem for long though as Steve encouraged her to drink up as it was time to go to the club that was a short walk away, the amateur hour started in a few minutes and Steve wanted Abi to be one of the first on, assuming there are others Abi thought to her-self.

They arrived at the club and it wasn't what Abi had expected, it was just a black door in a totally black building with all the windows blanked off, once inside though it was a lot more classy, the door man was nice and the décor made Abi feel more relaxed, it wasn't the seedy place she expected, it seemed well run and quite up market.

Steve spoke to the doorman and paid an entry fee for himself then took Abi by the arm and led her into the club and towards the back around the side of the stage where another girl was already dancing, a professional stripper by the look of things as she was very good with some great moves thought Abi, I will never be like that and she felt a little down beat at the thought of going on after someone that was clearly an expert.

Steve sensed this and told her that she will be fantastic and also told her that he has a little surprise for her so she had to go into the back quickly as he had invited some friends from work, and they would be here in less than 10 minutes so she had to go and get ready as he didn't want them to know she was there.

Now Abi was worried! She knew Steve loved this idea but she hadn't thought he would actually invite his friends from work, she might know some of them!

Again, too late to worry now so she almost ran into the back and introduced herself to the lady there who showed her where to put her bag and coat and gave her a piece of paper to sign saying that she was happy to proceed and that she understood the club rules.

Abi had a quick look and signed, most of the rules seemed to be about what the guys in the bar were allowed and not allowed to do so this all seemed OK to her, again it seemed well run and they have rules in place for a reason she thought so this made her a bit happier again.

The lady ran through what she wanted to do, two songs or three, slow or fast and advice on how to dance and what to take off when, basically don't give it all up in the first 10 seconds Abi laughed to herself.

Abi decided to do two tracks so she would be on stage for about 6 minutes she was told, if she was going to stick to underwear she should take off the skirt half way into the first song then her blouse at the start of the second one giving the guys plenty of time to see her in the lingerie and also time for her to do a little show for them if she wanted.

It all seemed like a good plan so she was feeling more confident again, but she hadn't realised how long this had all taken and then it was her turn on stage in just a few seconds as the pervious girl was just coming off the stage carrying her clothes but still dressed in lingerie Abi was quite pleased to see. The girl gave her a smile and the lady gave her a gentle push in the direction of the stage just as the announcer called her name out over the speakers and there was a sound of clapping and cheering welcoming her to the stage.

She walked on just as the first track started, a quite a sexy style with saxophone and she started to dance to the music she looked into the club, a lot fuller now with almost every table occupied and an audience of maybe 40 guys all watching her including Steve and three of what Abi now knew to be his friends all drinking beers and cheering as she danced.

She started to enjoy how it felt, to be the centre of attention and for everyone to want to look at her, probably a minute into the song she undid one of the buttons on her blouse so her bra could be seen and then danced showing off the now greatly more visible cleavage that was on show and she bent over to show the guys on Steve's table a better view.

After what she estimated to be another minute she turned around and slowly started to unzip the back of her skirt wiggling her bottom to the crowd as she did, with the zipper fully undone she turned around again and let the skirt fall to the floor and she stepped out of it showing the guys her toned legs and tiny g string to a lot of cheering.

Abi was loving this and danced around the stage giving the guys a good look at her ass and legs and bending over more to show them her tits barely contained in her blouse now, still paying special attention to the table of Steve's friends of course.

The second song started, a bit slower than the first one and she slowed the pace down a little bit and undid the buttons on her blouse very slowly, taking her time and letting the guys all enjoy the view as more and more of her was exposed.

She was really enjoying it all now and she slowly dropped the blouse off her shoulders and let if fall to the floor to join her skirt.

She knew that the guys would now be able to get a pretty good view of her nipples through her bra and the thought of that was really thrilling, she went over to Steve's table again and gave them a really good show, holding her tits together and pushing them up before swinging round and showing them her sexy ass and then dancing away again.

She was loving this, the guys cheering and the attention was fantastic, she decided to tease the guys as the second song must be close to ending so she pulled her bra straps down her arms very slowly so that her tits were exposed and her little nipples could be seen by all the guys making her feel very excited, she gave the whole room a good look at them especially Steve's friends who got a lovely long look of her holding them again now showing all of her tits for them to see before the song stopped and she pulled up her bra and slowly left the stage collecting her skirt and blouse as she passed.

What a rush! She thought as she walked through the curtain to the backstage area to be greeted by the lady again who was full of praise for her act.

She suggested that Abi got dressed and had a drink on the house from the bar and to decide if she wanted to do the second dance a little later on, they had a few outfits she could borrow to go over the same lingerie and Abi had brought a pair of hold up stockings as well just in case she wanted to do another, the lady ran through the outfits and told her to think about which one she might like to wear if she did another dance.

Abi quickly dressed and went back into the bar area and met with Steve and his friends who couldn't believe that he knew her, never mind them being together!

The guys all wanted to buy her a drink but she told them she already had one for her behind the bar and one of the guys went to get it for her, when it arrived she quickly took a mouthful, it helping to calm her nerves again.

The conversation was mainly about how amazing the guys thought her act had been and if she was going to do another dance for them, she had already decided that she wanted to do another, and their persuasion helped to make her a little more confident

The guys started to discuss outfits and what they would like to see, quickly it turned that they wanted to see more of her, lots more and they were trying to find out ways to get her to lose the lingerie also!

One of the guys offered to tip her £ 50 for her to take off her bra at the end of her act, another guy offered £ 100 for her to strip totally naked for them at the end of the second song!

Steve knew how much Abi loved this kind of thing but didn't want the guys to get too excited or carried away so he made a suggestion, if each of the three guys put in £ 100 each Abi would strip naked at the start of the second dance and would dance for the rest of the set like that wearing just stockings and heels, they could also choose the outfit for her also.

He never thought that they would have any chance of agreeing to this but firstly one then another and finally the third all reached for their wallets and put down £ 100 in cash in the middle of the table calling his bluff very effectively, the guys also wanted to take her out afterwards as part of the deal, back in her original outfit and Steve readily agreed knowing she would love that.

Steve collected the cash for safe keeping and told Abi she has better go and get ready for her next dance, this time dressed in their chosen outfit a naughty librarian in a short, pleated skirt and a tight cardigan buttoned down the front.

Abi returned to the back of the stage and collected the outfit from the lady there including a set of black glasses that would make her look like a real book worm!

She got dressed, re did her hair and makeup and it was time again to step out onto the stage, she heard her name announced and she stepped through the curtain again....

As she walked onto the stage the music started and all the guys cheered, especially Steve and his group of friends, of course they knew what was in store for them.

She walked to the middle of the stage and danced for a few seconds, taking her time, and letting the guys all see her new outfit, posing and letting them see her looking all proper and yet with the promise of more to come.

She walked around the stage so they could all see her, the drinks she had had giving her more confidence than she really felt inside as she slowly unbuttoned her top and gently slid it to the floor showing off her lace bra for the second time that day.

She walked over to where Steve was with his friends and bent over in front of them, giving them a view of her tits first then of her ass as she turned around as she unzipped the back of the skirt and let it fall, gracefully stepping out of it and showing off her tiny g string and lace topped stockings.

The guys were at the front of the stage now, they knew what had been promised...

As if on cue the first song ended and the second one was quite skilfully faded in, the guys waited impatiently for her.

Abi felt scared and very excited, she knew what she had to do but at the last moment she was having second thoughts but fought through the fear and reached up to her bra and started to undo the catch on the front, it unclipped far too easily she thought as it slipped off her and she exposed her tits fully for the first time.

The crowd cheered, it seems that the amateurs got the biggest cheers and appreciation from the guys, some must come in just for this Abi thought, the nervousness of the girls must add to the thrill for the guys as well.

She tossed the bra to the front of the stage towards Steve's table, and it was grabbed by one of the guys and stuffed quickly into his pocket, probably never to be seen again she thought.

She danced, growing in confidence now, she loved her tits and how her nipples looked and she danced touching them and holding her tits in her hands and showing the guys just like a proper stripper she thought, she was finally able to start enjoying it now due to a bit of confidence, the reaction of the crowd and a few vodkas!

After a minute or so she saw that Steve was pointing to his watch, it was time for the big finish and she had almost forgotten, she reached to the side of her g string and unclipped one side, again it came apart far too easily she thought and it basically fell away from her with the other side undoing also as soon as the first side was undone.

The g string hit the floor and she was naked on the stage just wearing very sexy heels and hold up stockings, oh and still the nerdy glasses that she had forgotten about!

She took the glasses off and dropped them carefully the floor then danced around the stage slowly as the crowd went crazy, they loved it every step of the way as she has become braver and braver and now, she felt so scared still but also a huge thrill from the experience.

She looked over at Steve and he was clapping and cheering her, she did a little dance towards the guys and gave them a bit of a closer view with a little pirouette to show her ass, pussy and tits to them especially, they all held notes in their hands, £ 50 notes! She encouraged them put the notes into the top of her hold ups, giving them a closer view of her smooth pussy and tits with each note taking longer than it should to be slid under the lace so they had a moment longer to see her so exposed.

A few other guys had money in their hands so she did the same for them, they all took their time to slide the notes into her stockings but she was loving it, the attention from the other guys was amazing and they all commented about how sexy she looked and how they loved her tits and her pussy.

She wasn't expecting the tips or the attention so she missed that now the music had stopped, she gathered the last of the guys notes and thanked them for their compliments and retreated swiftly to the back of the stage again, pausing for a little bow and to collect the loaned clothes and her g string, she wasn't quite sure what to do and regretted the bow immediately!

When she got to the back room the lady there was so complimentary, she said that very few girls get that reception when they are amateurs and that Abi had done an amazing job, she sat her down, gave her yet another drink (a recurring theme here!) and said that she can keep all the tips but suggested she gets dressed!

All in all there were more than £ 300 in tips plus the £ 300 from the guys earlier so from something that was just for fun it was an amazingly profitable day out as well!

She downed the drink and thanked the lady for her support and got dressed again into her secretary outfit, less the bra this time as it still hadn't been returned and keeping the hold ups on to save time and joined the guys back in the bar where they all cheered as she came over.

They all couldn't tell her enough how much they had enjoyed her dances and suggested that they all went on back into the city to celebrate, Steve helped by collecting the tips from her and keeping them safe again.

Abi wasn't happy to go out dressed as she was as the blouse was far too small, OK for a strip club but not really good for going out to somewhere nice, the skirt and heels were fine as they were some that she had already, the blouse has been bought especially for the stripping.

One of the guys said that they would all chip in and buy her a new top if she would come out with them all, she agreed and pointed them towards the shop a street away that she knew that sold nice but not crazy priced clothes and instructed them to get her something in black and not like a stripper would wear!

Two of the guys left to go shopping and the other, Steve and Abi all enjoyed another drink as they waited, Abi slightly nervous about what two horny guys would buy her to wear!

The others kept her company in the bar and chatted about how amazing they thought her show was and that they couldn't believe this was her first time.

The guys returned with a bag, they gave it to her and said that she should go into the back and change and leave the white blouse for the club as part of their outfits.

She thanked them and took the bag into the back to change.

Inside the bag was a black satin blouse, it was beautiful and went perfectly with the rest of the outfit, it was even ( just about! ) the right size but it was quite thin and with no bra you could clearly see her now very perky nipples through it as well as the fact that there were no buttons on the front, there was a slit that went well below her boobs so that it was possible to see the sides of both of them as well as her nipples through the blouse.

She really had no choice though so she got dressed in it and looked in the mirror, actually she thought it was classy but it was very sexy, she will have to be careful as her tits were only just covered and the slit at the front went well below them so it was going to be easy to show a lot more than was normal in a London bar!

She walked back into the bar to a number of whistles and cheers from the guys, Steve said they had called a cab and that they were going to The Ned, a nice bar back in the city where Steve was a member so they could go into the more private area.

Steve called for a cab on his phone and saw it was a few moments away so they all walked to the front of the club, said goodbye to the doorman and waited for the cab to arrive and the next part of this adventure to start Abi thought to herself!

