It was Bobby’s voice, and it was Bobby’s body standing over them, but those weren’t Bobby’s words, and it was most certainly not Bobby leering out at them from indigo eyes. Sam pulled clumsily out of Dean and scrambled toward the loose floorboard where Bobby kept his emergency stores of holy water. His brother’s pained grunt hadn’t yet faded from the air when Sam found himself lifted and hurled against the far wall.

Twisting in midair, he caught the brunt of the collision with his shoulder rather than his head, and then crashed to the floor. Toppled stacks of books dug into his back and he winced as he sat up.

“Oh, yes. Very naughty,” the demon wearing Bobby’s body chortled as it paced toward him. Invisible tendrils of power snaked around Sam’s neck and drew him back into the air. He could just feel the floorboards brushing his toes, but he was too far up to put any weight on them. He was choking, darkness was descending, and then the pressure at his throat loosened grudgingly.

“No fair fainting on me,” the demon scolded.

Dangling in the air like a gutted side of beef, Sam looked past the demon to his brother. Dean, lying naked and exposed on the floor, looked horribly still. For an endless moment, Sam thought that his brother was dead, and then he noticed the slight rise and fall of Dean's chest.

Oh thank God.

“Lovely like that, isn’t he?” the demon taunted, pulling Sam’s attention back to it. “Well fucked and docile.” It giggled: a sound absurdly incongruous with Bobby’s stoic face. “I knew you wouldn’t be able to keep your hands off him.”

The demon was talking as though it knew them, and the only two demons who were both capable of human possession and also harbored a serious grudge against them were Meg and the crossroads demon with whom Dean had made his deal. And Meg showed herself as an oily black stain in her victim’s eyes, not as this purple fog.

“You’re that … that crossroads demon …” Sam gasped past the pressure on his throat.

But the demon shook its head, indigo-smoked eyes glinting with humor. “Close, but no cigar. Here’s a hint, though.”

It winked and arousal flooded Sam’s body. Fear drowned in violet need, and his hips rolled once before the surge ebbed away. And that … that wasn’t possible. Succubae were strictly corporeal demons: it was one of the things that made them slightly easier to hunt than other demonic breeds.

“But … you can’t …”

“Possess someone? I know.” The demon’s smile melted into a mischievous leer. “Amazing what a few extra meals will do for a girl, isn’t it? I mean, I knew it was going to be a rush, but I had no idea just how much Dean’s little contributions would do for me.” She leaned in closer and dropped her voice to a whisper. “Be a dear and don’t let the cat out of the bag, though, or everyone will want one.”

Oh hell, that was all they needed: an army of super powered succubae. “You’re … getting what … what you want,” Sam wheezed. “Let him … go.”

“Oh, don’t worry about Dean, Sam: he’s fine. He’s just having a little time out while you and I chat. Demon to demon.”

“I’m not … a … demon.”

“Fine. Demon to human infused with demon essence, if you want to be technical.” The succubus tilted her head. “It’s sort of funny, isn’t it? Now you and your brother have even more in common. No wonder you two are fucking like bunnies.”

It wasn’t as though Sam hadn’t heard that expression before, but the way the succubus seemed to caress the words made it sound vile and low. His stomach rolled and he insisted, “It’s not … not like that.”

“No, I suppose it isn’t. This is more of a one-sided affair, isn’t it, Sam?”

He frowned at her in confusion but didn’t try to speak.

“Didn’t you know? Couldn’t you feel him pulling away when you—now, how can I say this delicately?—when you ‘plowed in’? Or did you just delude yourself that your brother is as sick as you?” The succubus edged even closer, Bobby’s face twisted into a corrupt joy. “How’d you get him to give in, Sam? You make those puppy dog eyes at big brother and say ‘pretty please’? Or did you just take what you wanted until that delicious hunger woke up and he couldn’t say no anymore?”

Everything tumbled into place suddenly, and Sam thought, She doesn’t know that I saw inside his head. And Jesus, if that connection hadn’t occurred, then her words would be all too plausible. This, he realized, was the trap that Dean had been warning him about all along.

She’d set the wheels in motion, knowing how they felt—knowing how insecure they each were in those feelings—and then, when they finally found each other, she’d planned on breaking them apart with lies. She must have a similar speech planned out for Dean, only his would be full of how ‘grateful’ Sam was for everything his big brother had done: of how the siren song had dragged Sam in against his will.

How richly ironic it all would have been.

He started to laugh.

The succubus’ face darkened with suspicion and Sam felt her fumbling touch at his mind, trying to see what was so amusing. He was more than happy to let her in on the joke.

“I saw insi … inside him,” he panted. “He … he wants me.” The noose of power around his neck loosened more as the succubus stared at him in surprise. “He loves me,” Sam continued more strongly. “And he saw inside me too, so he knows that I love him back. You can try to spin this any way you want, but Dean’s mine and I’m his and there’s not a damned thing you can do about it.”

Rage and hate warred on her face, and her power constricted again, cutting off all but a thin flow of air that he had to fight for. “Maybe not,” she hissed, “But I still know something you don’t. I may not be able to touch you, but I can still break Dean—I can shatter him to pieces.”

No, Sam thought. She can’t—she won’t. The succubus needed Dean to keep feeding her so that this power trip of hers didn’t come to an abrupt end.

Either she read the thought off his face or had made her way into his mind despite his efforts to keep her out, because the succubus chuckled nastily and said, “Oh, honey. Dean wants you to live. He’d feed for me if he had to crawl on his hands and knees through a field of barbed wire to do it.”

No, Sam thought again, but he couldn’t speak—he could barely breathe—and his eyes burned with unshed tears as the succubus turned away from him and stalked toward his brother.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Dean’s body felt as though it had been encased in lead. He knew that Sam was still somewhere in the room because he could hear his brother’s voice, but he couldn’t understand what he was saying. Everything came through garbled, as though Sam’s words had been shredded and then shoved back together with no particular care. It was probably the demon’s doing: Dean was reasonably sure that Sam, no matter how surprised or angry he was, would say ‘nda eh aws diseni em oto, os eh skown taht I velo mhi kabc.’

The demon’s voice turned nasty after that, but Dean couldn’t make out what it was saying either. Could only hear Bobby’s familiar tones mutilated into something feminine and mocking. It seemed impossible, but he had a pretty good idea who had stopped in to pay them a little visit.

When Sam didn’t respond to the demon’s words, Dean wasn’t too startled to find Bobby’s face edging into his vision. He noticed without much surprise, as Bobby crouched down beside him, that the man’s eyes were filmed over with indigo.

The flows of power keeping his mouth shut unwove and Dean immediately demanded, “What did you do to my brother, bitch?”

“Now, Dean. Is that any way to talk to your savior?”

‘Savior.’ Yeah, right.

“If you hurt him,” Dean growled, “I’ll rip you apart, so help me God. We had a deal, damn it!”

“Simmer down,” the succubus said, and it was almost like Bobby had surfaced for a moment; Dean must have heard the man use those exact words in that exact tone of voice about a hundred times. Then the succubus continued, “I haven’t harmed so much as a hair on his precious head,” and the illusion passed.

“See?” she added, and the power that was encasing Dean shifted to lift his head. He had a few seconds to take in his brother, hanging in midair with his eyes wide and locked on Dean, and then the succubus’ power slammed Dean back into the floor hard enough that he tasted copper at the back of his mouth.

Blinking to clear his blurred vision, he said, “Let him go. You’re getting your pound of flesh.”

“Mmm,” she agreed, “And in such a fascinating way.” She propped her head on one hand and grinned down at him. “You and Sam … brothers … how deliciously sinful.”

“Blow me,” Dean muttered, and then quickly added, “Um, not literally.”

“As enjoyable as that might be, I’ve got places to go. You know how it is, Dean: so many willing bodies, so little time.”

Murdering bitch. “Yeah, I get that a lot. Surprised you do, though.” He smiled at her sweetly. “You’re a lousy lay.”

She hissed and the pressure of her power increased as though she was trying to shove him through the floor. Dean struggled for breath, his fingers scrambling for purchase on worn wood, and then, just as he was about to pass out, the weight lifted. He gasped in fresh air, choked on it, and went into a harsh coughing jag.

“How does it feel to be a murderer, Dean?” the succubus hissed, leaning close. “You had a pretty good run your first time out of the gate, didn’t you? Poor Helen and her little bundle of joy.”

Dean felt like she was speaking in tongues. He was aware that her words would make sense if he let them, but for some reason he was resisting comprehension. Was staving it off with something close to desperation.

Bobby’s face swam in his vision, lips curled in an unfamiliar sneer. “You did know that Helen was pregnant, didn’t you?”

The world short-circuited for a few seconds.

When it came back online, blood was roaring in Dean’s ears, but it wasn’t nearly loud enough to drown out the succubus’ voice: “ … just six weeks along, but still … it was going to be a little baby girl, Dean. Helen was going to name her Mary Claire, after her grandmother. Sort of ironic, isn’t it?”

Dean’s throat worked. Pushed out a splintered, “No.”

“Don’t believe me? The coroner’s report is on file, if you want to see it. You’ll have to take my word about the gender and the name, but still … a baby is a baby, isn’t it? Or, well, in this case it’s just a used up cluster of dead cells.”

No. Oh God, no. Dean couldn’t seem to get his lungs to work properly: it felt like something had broken inside of his chest. He shut his eyes to block out the succubus’ hateful smile and was assaulted by the image of a little girl with pigtails and a sunburned nose.

“So you go ahead,” the succubus hissed in his ear. “Fuck your little brother’s brains out. But you’ll always remember, won’t you, that you traded little Mary Claire’s life—her chance—for Sammy’s.”

Dean made a small, hurt noise as his chest clenched and that shattered place grated inside of him. He didn’t regret it. He didn’t regret trading that little girl’s future—her entire existence—for his brother, and that was the sickest, most unforgivable thing about this whole mess.

“Have a nice, long life, Dean,” the succubus purred, and then an oily, indigo mist spilled across Dean’s face. Her power vanished from around his body and he used his freedom to roll onto his side and bring his knees up to his chest. He was shuddering. Felt so cold, and dirty, and wrong.

Sam was shouting his name. Sam’s hands were on his shoulders, trying to get him to uncurl, but Dean ignored his brother. He kept his eyes tightly shut and stared at the little girl who twirled and laughed against the darkness there.