     HAPPINESS
     by Zebulon


This is a work of fiction.  No reference to real persons is 
intended.  It contains strong, non-traditional sexual imagery 
and language.  If you don't like this kind of thing, don't read it.

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted. 
        
     Feedback is welcome.  Zebulon@fastmail.ca

     (MF, FF, NC, Bond)

*   *   *   *   *   Start of Story   *   *   *   *   *

I was tied up - literally.  I was naked and kneeling and
locked into some kind of strange construction.  My
hands were bound behind me and my mouth was
gagged.  I'm sure I looked a sight.  But Kyra told me
this is what Bill liked, so there I was.  And I didn't
know whether to feel humiliated, or scared, or excited. 
Maybe a little of all three.  I know part of me was
thinking this was amazingly bizarre.  But the rest of
me was hoping against hope that this was the answer
I'd been praying for.  Everything was ready.  Kyra
was going to meet Bill when he got home and bring
him to me.  And oh yeah, my name is Allie.

All I really wanted was to make Bill happy.  We had
been married almost a year and I knew that something
was very wrong.  But until I talked with Kyra, I had
no idea what it might be. . . .  I suppose I'd better start
at the beginning.

I first met Bill at a party.  It wasn't a great 'love-at-
first-sight' moment, but I did find him attractive.  And
it wasn't just physical.  Oh, Bill was handsome
enough but he wasn't particularly tall.  That is to say
we're almost exactly the same height.  But I was very
attracted to his personality.  And the more we talked
the more I liked him.  He was smart and attentive and
funny.  He made me laugh and I liked that a lot.  And
there was something else about him.  Something I
wasn't able to put my finger on at the time.  But I
think there was a kind of lost puppy-dog quality about
him.  It made me want to take care of him.  Three
weeks after the party Bill proposed and I didn't have
to think twice before saying 'yes.'

I suppose you'd call that a whirlwind romance.  So I
didn't really know that much about him.  But I did
know about Kyra.  She'd been his long time girlfriend
before me.  In fact, they'd broken up shortly before
the party.  It had been an amiable split and they had
stayed good friends.  But there was nothing more
between them.  Really!  I mean I have never, ever
been bothered by Kyra.  Bill never gave me any
reason to be and neither did she.  He didn't talk about
her unless I asked.  And when I did ask he answered
all of my questions without looking the least bit
evasive.  The only thing he wouldn't talk about was
their sex life.  At first I thought he was just being
considerate of Kyra's privacy.

Bill didn't even invite Kyra to our wedding but I
figured they'd been together for such a long time she
deserved the courtesy.  So I found her address and
sent her an invitation.  Bill was a little surprised when
she came to the wedding.  I guess so was I.  But it was
no problem.  That was the first time I met her.  She
was half a head shorter then me and quite pretty.  But
there was also something powerful and intimidating
about her.

Almost surprisingly, Kyra and I became friends.  Not
close friends, but we'd talk from time to time.  And
she never imposed on our marriage.  She was never a
threat.  She never acted like she objected to me or that
she had any designs on Bill.  I really respected her for
that.  And that might have been all there was to it if
there hadn't been something wrong between Bill and
me.

Our first year of marriage was good.  In fact it was
wonderful in most ways.  But there was definitely
something missing as far as sex was concerned.  I
could never seem to please him.  Oh, he was good
about it.  He never complained or asked me for
anything.  But I felt like a miserable failure.  In fact I
really wished he would have asked for something. 
Maybe that way I would have been able to figure out
what was wrong.  But Bill just wouldn't talk about it. 
He'd discuss anything else, but not that.

And I knew the problem wasn't me.  At least I was
pretty sure it wasn't me.  I'm not bad looking.  But
looks aside, I really love sex.  Oh, I know women
aren't supposed to.  At least not women who have
been properly brought up.  But I do.  I love it and I'm
responsive, and I'm appreciative.  I moan and cry out
when making love and I almost always have an
orgasm.  I never have to fake anything.  Men are
supposed to like that and I'm sure Bill did.  But I just
couldn't do the same for him.  And it was driving me
crazy.  I finally got the idea of asking Kyra.  Bill had
once said that sex had been the best part of his
relationship with her.  

So I called Kyra and we met for lunch.  At first I did
most of the talking.  And I kept talking without
getting to the point.  She didn't interrupt and she
didn't try to hurry me.  She just listened.  But I didn't
want to leave without an answer.  So I finally screwed
up the courage and asked her point blank, "Did you
and Bill have good sex?"

Kyra gave me the strangest smile like she knew this
was why I'd wanted to meet.  "Why do you ask?" she
said innocently.

I don't think she was trying to make me squirm.  I
think she just wanted to be sure of my reasons for
asking before she answered.  But I couldn't seem to
find the words.  I guess I looked pathetic.  Anyway,
she finally volunteered an answer.  "Great.  Our sex
was always great."  Then she paused thoughtfully and
went on, "But sex wasn't enough.  He wanted
something which I couldn't give him, and you
obviously could."  And as if to deflect any wounded
feelings she added, "I'm not unhappy about the way
things turned out.  All I ever wanted was for William
to be happy.  And if he's happy with you, I'm
satisfied."

I stalled.  "What did I have that you didn't have?  I
mean what was he looking for that I gave him?"

She gave me another funny, knowing look.  "Oh I
don't know, respectability maybe.  Or conventionality. 
But that's not why you wanted to talk to me.  So tell
me, why are we here?"

I couldn't bring myself to put it into words and must
have just looked miserable again.

"He's not happy, is he?" Kyra asked.  "I mean he may
be happy with you, but there's something missing
when it comes to romance, isn't there?"

I just nodded.

"He pleases you, but you can't please him.  Is that
about it?"

"Yes," I admitted with considerable relief.  I was
embarrassed but glad to have it out in the open.  And
I was very encouraged.  Kyra had guessed what was
wrong.  That would also mean she knew how to make
things right.  Wouldn't it?

"You want to please him," Kyra said, "don't you?"

"Yes I do."

"How much?" she asked.

"I beg your pardon?"

"How much do you want to please him?  How far are
you willing to go?

What was this?  I had no idea what she was talking
about.  But I knew Bill's happiness was my only
concern.  "I'll do whatever it takes," I said firmly. 
"As long has he's happy, I'll be happy."

"And you'd do anything to make him happy?" she
asked with that amused expression.

"Anything!"

She thought about that for a few silent moments. 
Then she looked at me with a totally new expression. 
It was like a combination of seriousness and
compassion.  "Don't answer too quickly.  Think about
it.  I'll think it over as well.  We'll talk again.  And if
you're still this serious, I'll help you with what you
need."

And that was the end of lunch.  I went home baffled
but hopeful.  Bill and I made love that night but it was
worse than ever.  Sweet, romantic, and with
absolutely nothing to suggest he was enjoying himself
at all.

Two weeks passed.  Bill was at work when the phone
rang.  It was Kyra.  "You still want to know how to
turn William on?

"Yes," I said, "are you going to tell me?"

By way of answer she said, "He's going out of town
on business soon, isn't he?"

How did she know that?  "Yes he is."

"How'd you like to surprise him when he gets back
with something that will make him hotter than you've
ever seen him before?"

"You know I would."

There was a long, thoughtful pause.  "And you'll do
whatever it takes?"

"Anything."

"You've given this careful thought?"

"Yes, I have.  Why do you keep asking me that?  This
isn't going to involve anything dangerous, is it?"

She laughed.  "That depends on what you mean by
dangerous.  William and I had great sex and I'm still
here and in more or less one piece."

More mystery.  "Are you going to tell me?"

"No, but I'll show you."

"I beg your pardon?"

"It's not something I can 'tell' someone with no
experience.  But I'll come over and help you prepare
a surprise for him on the day he gets back.  I can
guarantee you'll really turn him on.  Would that be
acceptable?"

"Yes."

"You answered too quickly.  I'm not convinced. . . . 
Would you do exactly what I tell you?  No questions. 
No arguments.  Just do whatever I say for the
evening?

This was definitely strange, but the whole situation
was strange.  And maybe it was some kind of test on
her part.  So I said OK.

Afterwards I wondered what she'd meant by
'someone with no experience.'

I didn't hear another word from Kyra until the
morning Bill was scheduled to return.  She called
early and told me to pamper myself.  She said to go
out and get my hair done, have a manicure, whatever. 
Then I was to take a long hot bath in the evening and
to not get dressed afterwards.  Just throw on a robe
and be dry and ready for her at 8:00 pm sharp.  That
was only an hour or so before Bill was supposed to
get home.

"Should I eat first?"

"Please yourself."  And the phone went dead.

I went through the entire day in a kind of trance
wondering what was going to happen that evening. 
And when the doorbell rang, precisely at 8:00, I was
in quite a state of excitement.  I hadn't even touched
myself the whole week Bill was away.  I wanted to be
really ready for him.  And like I said before, I'm
somewhat oversexed.  I generally bring myself off at
least once or twice a day when Bill is gone.  So
between my horniness and the mystery I was primed
and ready for anything.  Well, I thought I was ready
for anything.

When I opened the door there was a young man with
Kyra.  She called him Rick.  He was tall and blond. 
And he must have been very strong because he was
carrying a large rectangular contraption like it
weighed nothing.  It looked like a conductor's podium
with a padded top and straps.  Kyra just smiled at me. 
I pulled my robe tighter and let them in.  She went
directly to the den with the man following.  She
closed blinds, rearranged furniture, and had the man
set the platform down in the middle of the room. 
Then she thanked him, kissed him on the cheek, and
sent him away.

I breathed a sigh of relief.  I thought the big secret was
going to involve some kind of three-way sex with the
young stranger.  I wasn't ready for that.  So maybe I
should have taken Kyra's warnings more seriously. 
What *was* I getting myself into?

"Let's have a look at you," she said, after Rick left.

I was suddenly reluctant, but I removed my robe and
let Kyra appraise me with a critical eye.

"I can see one of the reasons why William finds you
so desirable.  You've got a much better body than
mine."

That may have been something of an exaggeration, or
perhaps just flattery.  I'm sure men found her at least
as attractive as they found me.

"OK," she said, "we don't have a lot of time so let's
get started."  She carefully positioned the podium
thingy and opened up the hinged board at the back. 
The platform was a padded square and the hinged
business on the back was a stock kind of arrangement. 
You know the stocks you see in woodcuts of old time
American punishments.  Pictures where some guy is
penned up for public humiliation with his head and
hands trapped between two planks of wood with
notches in them?  Well it was kind of like that, but the
wood was bolted to one side of the platform.

I swallowed hard and then got down and into position. 
I knelt on the platform and put my ankles in the
notches.  Kyra lowered the top board and my ankles
were suddenly fixed in place.  I heard a lock snap
shut.  But the holes were padded just like the top of
the podium so it wasn't uncomfortable.  Well, not too
uncomfortable.  

I swallowed again and waited to see what came next. 
She cuffed my hands behind my back.  The cuffs were
padded too.  Then she positioned my knees so they
were well apart and she strapped each one down to the
platform.  I was totally exposed and helpless and had
never felt so vulnerable in my life.  I wanted to ask
what this was all about, but I already had half a
notion.  And besides, I'd promised, no questions.  A
moment later I couldn't have asked any questions if
I'd wanted to.  She came up behind me and pinched
my nose closed.  My mouth almost automatically
opened and with her other hand she pushed some kind
of gag into it.  She buckled the gag in place behind my
head and then moved around in front of me to have a
look.

"Beautiful," She said.  Then she leaned forward and
kissed me on the forehead.  "William is going to love
it."

That gave me encouragement.  During the whole time
we'd known each other I had no idea Bill was into this
kind of kinkiness.  But if this is what it took to really
turn him on, then so be it.  I just wanted him to be
happy.  He was wonderful and deserved it.  Besides,
in a very strange way all this was kind of turning me
on as well.

Kyra rearranged a few other things in the room; she
adjusted the lights.  Then she glanced at the clock and
walked off to the bathroom.  I heard her tinkering for
a long time.  A toilet flushed.  Water ran.  Then
nothing.

Just as I was starting to get uncomfortable, I heard a
car pull up.  Bill's voice paying off the taxi driver. 
Footsteps and a key in the front door.

"Hello, William."

"Kyra!  What are you doing here? . . . Like that?"

"Don't blame me.  It was your darling wife's idea."

"Allie?"

"Allie.  You think she hasn't noticed something
missing in your sex life?

Silence.

"Kyra, listen . . ."

"No William, you listen.  When you decided to break
things off, I didn't whine and I didn't complain.  I
knew it was a mistake, but I knew you weren't going
to learn until you found out for yourself.  Well it's
been a year now.  Are you happy?

Silence.

"Do you think she's happy?

More silence.

"Well she contacted me and just about demanded to
know what it takes to get you excited."

"And you told her?"

"Better than that."

"Better?"

"Come."

I heard the sound of footsteps approaching.  Kyra
entered first.  I was startled.  She was wearing some
kind of black leather outfit that left very little to the
imagination.  And there was something about it that
was almost frightening.  She looked like the guy in an
old roman movie who flogged slaves.  And she was
carrying one of those small whips that jockeys use on
horses.

Bill came in right behind her and didn't seem
surprised at all.  But Kyra was right.  He looked
hornier than I'd ever seen him.

Kyra let him look at me for a few moments and then
said, "OK then.  What's it gonna be?  It's your call
William.  This is Allie's idea, but it's your decision. 
Do you want me to leave and you can work this out
between yourselves?  Or do you want me to follow
through?"

I had no idea what she meant by this, but Bill
obviously did.  He seemed torn.  He looked into my
eyes.  "You're doing this for me?"

I nodded.

"To make me happy?"

I nodded again.

"And you know what you're getting into?"

I really thought I did so I nodded once more.

Bill shrugged.  I could see an enormous bulge in his
pants.  "Well then . . . OK, Kyra.  You're in charge."

That surprised me.  I thought he was going to tell her
to leave.

"Strip!"  Kyra said in a firm tone.  And Bill quickly
removed his clothes.  Who would have guessed he'd
be turned on this way?  But he looked great.  His
member was standing harder and firmer than I'd ever
seen it.

Once he was naked Kyra moved over to him and
grabbed his penis with one hand.  That made me a
little jealous.  And for the first time, too.  She began
stroking him and was looking at me.  "Nice isn't it?"

I gulped and nodded.

"You're going to suck this for him, aren't you?"

I nodded enthusiastically and with relief.  So she was
just there to order us both around.  I guess Bill was
turned on by strong women.  Well I was going to be
his strong woman after Kyra was gone.

She moved toward me pulling Bill along by his penis. 
She put her little whip under my chin and tilted my
head back so that I was looking directly into her eyes. 
"You're going to suck him real good until he cums,
right?"

I had to swallow hard on that one before I nodded.  I
hated the idea of Bill coming in my mouth.  But if I
needed to do it to satisfy him. . .  I guess that's why
Kyra was so insistent that I agree to follow all her
directions before she'd help me.

She released his penis and squatted down by my side. 
She grabbed by chin with one hand and swatted me
very hard on the thigh with her whip.  I yelped
through my nose with pain and surprise.  "You're
going to let him cum in your mouth and you're going
to swallow it all down, aren't you?"

I gulped again and didn't know what to say.  The idea
sickened me.

She swatted me again with her whip.  "Aren't you?"

And I nodded quickly and emphatically.  I didn't want
to get whipped anymore.

Kyra held the whip in front of my face.  "When I take
your gag out all you're going to say is 'please let me
suck your dick Master William.'  Got it?"

I quickly nodded.

If you say anything else, I'm going to be very
unhappy.  And if I become unhappy I'm going to start
whipping your tits."

I was trembling as she undid the gag.

"Please let me suck your dick, Master Bill."

Kyra swatted my leg again.  "William!"

"Master William," I corrected.  "Please let me suck
your dick Master William."

And Bill stepped forward and put his penis in my
mouth.  His penis isn't that long, but it's very thick. 
I like it, especially when he's inside of me.  He held
my ears almost like handles and literally started
having intercourse with my mouth.  I'd always sucked
his penis before.  This was different.  But he was
definitely hotter than I'd ever seen him.  And
somehow this didn't surprise me.  What did surprise
me was that while Bill was doing this, Kyra reached
down between my legs and started massaging my
private area.  My first instinct was to protest, but my
mouth was full.  And besides, I'd agreed to anything
without question.

So I continued to lubricate my mouth as best I could
and tried to help as Bill plunged more and more quickly
into me.  And very quickly Kyra started getting results
from her manipulations.  She was very good at this. 
I found that I was getting as hot as Bill seemed to be. 
I was thinking that maybe it had been a mistake not to
play with myself for a whole week.  There was
something about the situation.  It was weird, but I
couldn't deny my reactions.  I could feel my cuffed
hands against the base of my spine.  My armpits were
starting to perspire.  The sounds of Bill's passion were
thrilling to me.  The feel of his leg hair against my
breasts was an incredible turn-on.  I was on the verge
of cumming.

But Kyra seemed to sense this and stopped what she
was doing.  She pinched one of my nipples hard.  My
orgasm died before it erupted.  I was still hot, but I
wasn't about to cum.  But Bill did.  He exploded in
my mouth.  And it wasn't as bad as I thought it would
be.  I gulped as quickly as I could and tried not
thinking about what it was I was swallowing. 
Besides, Kyra had me so horny, I wasn't that bothered
by it.

After a minute or so, Bill was finished.  His semi-
flaccid penis slipped out from between my lips and he
backed off on trembling legs and fell into a big chair.

He was happy.  And so was I.  I wasn't sure how all of
this was supposed to work once Kyra was out of the
picture.  But I knew we'd think of something.

Kyra had stopped fingering me when Bill had cum. 
But I still hadn't cum and could feel drops of my own
moisture running down the insides of my legs.  Kyra's
hand came up, drenched in my own fluids, and
grasped me with slippery fingers by the chin again.  I
was panting with exertion and lust.  She held the whip
up in front of my face and then extended one finger
and held it to her lips in a shushing gesture.  "Not a
word.  Understand?"

I almost said, 'Yes' but instead nodded.

"Good girl."

"Well William?"  Kyra said.  "It's your call.  Allie
wants you to be happy."

Bill looked over at me with more love and
contentment than I'd ever seen in him before.  "Are
you sure?" he asked.

'Sure about what?' I wondered.  But I had to make an
answer and I wasn't supposed to talk.  So I just
nodded again.

William shrugged and said, "OK, Kyra.  You were
right and I was wrong.  You win."

'Win what?' I wondered.  What exactly had just
happened?

Kyra stood up.  "OK . . . ."  She looked down at me
and holding her whip for me to see said, "Not a
word."  Then she looked at Bill and ordered him to,
"Get cleaned up.  It's been well over a year for you so
I know one little blow job isn't enough."  They both
laughed.  "Wait for me in the bedroom and I'll be in
soon and take good care of you."

What the hell was this?!  "But, Bill . . .," I blurted out.

A blinding pain came over me as the hot lash of her
whip slashed across my chest.  I started to scream and
a moment later I felt the gag rammed back in place. 
I tried to fight, but I was helpless.  But I kept
protesting as best I could.  Kyra held up the whip
again.  But I didn't stop yelling behind the gag.  That
is I didn't stop yelling until she started whipping me
some more.  It was horrible.  But I quickly learned and
was silent.  Well, I was crying and sobbing, but no
longer screaming.

"Better," said Kyra.

Bill was standing at the door and looking back at me. 
Why hadn't he come to my rescue?

"Get," said Kyra.  Bill, looked troubled and undecided
for a moment, but then turned and left.

I groaned but didn't otherwise protest.

Kyra got up and looked thoughtfully into my face. 
Then she found her bag and pulled out a cell phone. 
She punched some buttons.  "OK, Rick" she said.  "It
looks like we're going to need the van after all. . . . 
Uh huh, same address. . . ."  She looked back at 
me and then at the clock.  "Oh, say about half an 
hour. . . .  Right.  I'll let you know where to take her 
when you make the pick-up. . . .  Bye."  She pushed 
another button and put the phone away.

Kyra pulled a small chair over and sat right in front of
me.  "Well, Allie," she said, "you wanted William to
be happy and he's happy.  And he's going to stay that
way."  I was weeping over and around my gag.  I
looked down.  Kara swatted me on the top of my head
with the whip.  "Look at me."  I looked into her eyes. 
They were amused, but cold.

"Now *you* have a decision to make.  And it will be
the last decision you will ever have to make."  A cold
chill ran through me.  "You can go one of two ways. 
I can have you sent to work in a brothel in some third
world country.  You'll probably end up hooked on
drugs and will definitely find the work taxing."  She
paused for me to think about that.  "Or I can have you
trained as a sex slave and placed with a good owner. 
Your training will bind you more thoroughly than
drugs, but you'll have a cleaner, nicer environment,
and the work will be more . . ." she paused to think of
the right word and then said with amusement, ". . .
interesting."

"If you chose the brothel, all you have to do is sit
there.  Sit and wait quietly or sit and fight.  It won't
make any difference.  But if you want to become a sex
slave nod your head.  I'll remove your gag and you
can practice your new career by licking me until I
cum."  Then she said with menace in her voice, "But
if you nod your head and then give me any shit at all,
the gag goes back, I'll whip you silly, and the brothel
it will be.  So what would you like?"

How did this happen?  What had I done wrong?  What
was I supposed to do?  The seconds crawled by.  I
lowered my eyes and nodded once.

I felt Kyra pat my head.  "Good girl."  She reached
down and removed my gag.  I was careful to remain
silent.  I heard something snap and looking up saw her
panties were off.  I could see her pubic area right in
front of my face as I kneeled before her.  Her hair was
thick and silky and slick with her own juices.  I could
smell her scent.  She rubbed her clitoris for a few
moments and then carefully spread her pubic hair
away to the sides so that I would have good access.

I'd never done this before.  Never.  What choice did
I have?  I carefully leaned forward and brought my
mouth down to her wet flesh.  My mind was racing
furiously but going nowhere.  My tongue was moving
slowly.  I felt Kyra reach down and give my earlobe a
hard pinch.  "Come on, Allie, you can do better than
that."  So I closed my eyes and tried to do with my
tongue what I usually do to myself with my fingers. 
Kyra sat back and sighed.

As I got into a rhythm, I could hear water running in
the bathroom.  William was taking a shower.  Kyra
hadn't lied.  I knew he would be happy.

*   *   *   *   *   End of Story   *   *   *   *   *

     HAPPINESS
     by Zebulon

This story may be reposted anywhere as long as (1) proper 
credit is given, (2) I am informed of where it is being posted, 
and (3) I am allowed free access to the web site where it is 
being posted. 
