Jamaica Baby - a Slutty Anita Story
  by Delta Venus


My wife Anita is a slut. She was a slut before we got married,
and she remained a slut after we got married, only she wasn't
being slutty with me once we tied the knot. I changed that with a
little blackmail (see "Tricked Wife"), and now she is a slut
full-time, and I love her for it.


I got a deal on a week in Jamaica, same price as a weekend
getaway, but this special ran Tuesday to Tuesday, the weekend
plus some extra days. The resort wasn't the most swinging, you
can give your travel agent a few hints or keywords and they'll
set you up for one of those places, but I figured just about
anywhere we wound up would be swinging, Anita has that sort of an
effect, and the deal I got was too good to pass up.


After our renewal of vows ceremony (see "Wedded Bliss"), I
figured we could afford to take things slow and easy for the time
being. We arrived at the resort in the mid afternoon a little
weary from travelling, had nice early supper, and retired to our
room. We made slow, easy love until we both drifted off. We both
woke up early, and began right back where we left off, and didn't
leave the room until nearly noon. The next few days were much the
same and quite wonderful, full of easy romance, beautiful views,
excellent food, and lots of tender but joyous lovemaking.
Everything a second honeymoon is supposed to be.


The weekend arrived, and I decided it was time to kick things up
a notch. We had had our fun being the happy couple, better to
move on to the next epsiode before it got boring. Not being a
swinger's resort, I knew I would have to troll a bit before
finding the right entertainment, but it wouldn't be too
difficult. For what I had in mind, I decided hitting the bars in
the early afternoon would be best. I was sure I could find a few
fellows who were either bored or in the doghouse. Some poor soul
was bound to have had chemistry problems, or done or said the
wrong thing and pissed off his partner. They'd be quite open to a
little fun, Anita style.


It is a sad testament to love in the Carribean that I didn't have
to work very hard to find exactly what I was looking for. In fact
I had a buffet to pick and choose from. I made sure to vary the
menu, and went after all the exotic types, just about anyone who
wasn't plain whitebread. The guys I picked were all in the right
frame of mind, ready for some no-strings sexual encounters, and a
little resentful of women, the perfect mindset to encourage rough
handling of the goods. Anita was going to love what these men
would do to her.


I kept a steady stream of them coming and going from our room the
whole weekend. First was Max, a hard, black African. Tall, with a
tight build, he was the black that is almost blue. His wife
wasn't speaking to him that day for some reason I never quite got
a handle on. I intoduced him to Anita, and he was smitten. He had
already picked up on the hints I was dropping, so he went for it
right away.


"So, you need a good fucking, no? A hard black dick in your
pussy? Yes, I can see it is so!"


He practically ripped Anita's light sundress from her body, and
dropped trou to reveal a quite magnificent rod sticking straight
out from his body. It had to be ten inches if it was anything. I
was impressed from my angle on the couch, and Anita seemed doubly
so. She dropped to her knees and had that cock in her mouth
before Max could step out of his pants. She bobbed on it with
intensity, but it wasn't enough for Max. His big hands went to
the back of her neck, and forced her down on his dick until it
was banging the back of her throat. He didn't care about her
gagging, just letting her up enough to catch a quick breath
before jamming his fuck stick back down into her gullet.


Streams of saliva coated his cock, and were dripping down Anita's
cheeks and lips, the runoff wetting his ballsack and her heaving
tits. He kept plunging to the back of her throat, holding her as
she gagged, then backing off to short rapid thrusts. Finally he
pulled his glistening black cock all the way out of her mouth,
and it looked huge! I couldn't believe Anita had been taking the
whole thing. He slapped her face with it, making a loud splatty
sound, then practically threw her to the ground, legs spread
wide, and thrust that African spear straight into her slot.


The rough treatment had been just what Anita wanted, and her
pussy was sloppy wet and ready to take him. Good thing, too,
because I don't think anything would have stopped that steely
missle from hitting its target, and if she hadn't been ready he
would have split her open anyways. The noises the two of them
were making were animal, grunts and squeals and groans that
didn't sound human, not to mention the sticky, sloppy sounds of
their coupling. Max was good to his word, and after fucking the
lining out of Anita, he pressed that weapon of his deep down
right into her womb and shot a flood of semen into her. She would
be leaking for a week!


Max seemed a little subdued once he had spent his seed. He
grabbed his trousers, thanked us both in a mumbling weak voice,
and made a quick exit. I took advantage of my now well lubed
wife, and pumped my own load of cum into her ravaged pussy, while
she gave me a play by play of the recent action in a whispery,
husky, lust-filled voice.


"God, I haven't had a dicking like that in ages! He was so
fucking big. I'm stretched beyond belief, he hit spots in my puss
I don't think a cock ever has been. What a load of cum, too! I
think it almost came out my mouth."


That started things off, and we didn't slow down until Sunday. I
kept picking up the woeful in the bars, and either introduced
them or sent them over solo, depending on how shy they seemed.
Anita never left the apartment, but she wasn't bored, she was far
too busy. She got a steady stream of lovers, even getting double
teamed twice. I was there to watch for some of them, and I took
advantage of the aftermath more than a few times. Most of what I
saw was rough trade, and the stories Anita told me of the times I
didn't see were harder than the action I'd seen, but she wasn't
complaining at all, she loved every rough and tumble minute of
the action. Her descriptions of hard dicks slamming into her, the
spankings, the gagging blowjobs, rimjobs, and the deep plunging
of her ass kept my dick hard as granite, no matter how many times
I came.


Eventually, by mutual unspoken agreement, we slacked off on the
action, and mellowed back to our former, more romanticly
inclined, solo sexual satisfaction. The only difference now was
that Anita bore all the markings of her adventures, she looked
like a hooker might after being the only piece of ass at a
Shriner's convention. She had bruises everywhere, finger marks on
her tits and thighs, hickies on her neck and chest, her ass
bright red from slaps and spankings, her pussy was quite swollen
and puffy, and the pucker of her asshole was stretched and
gaping. From Sunday until the day we left, I soaked her in hot
tubs, smeared her with lotions and creams, massaged her aching
muscles, and made slow love to her. I whispered sweet nothings in
her ear, and she told me tales of what had happened to her, and
how much she had loved it. Slut!


Finally it was time to go home. The plane trip was anti-climatic,
and rather boring, but by then boring seemed just fine to us. We
had had an adventure. From the looks the flight attendant gave
me, I think she noticed the finger marks on Anita's cleavage, and
surely she saw the hickies. I couldn't tell if she was amused, or
thought I was an animal, or a bit of both, but I know she knew
Anita had been ridden hard and put away wet. Even after a couple
days of recovery, Anita looked exhausted. Exhausted but
contented, with a sly Mona Lisa smile on her face, or maybe cat
that ate the canary.


I was more than mildly amused, too, as I looked back at the
events of the weekend, and idly wondered which of the foreign men
might be the father of her baby. Would it be the blue-black Max?
The older Japanese gentleman with the perchant for breast
bondage? The Mexican construction worker? Or perhaps one of the
wedding guests Anita had sucked off, whose semen I had pumped
into her pussy with a baster before we left? I was sure she was
knocked up by now, and the father could be any of them, as I had
been replacing Anita's birth control pills with fakes for several
months.


Won't she be surprised by my special Anniversary gift!


         &#9650;&#9792;


http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
 
