The Ronson Procedure

By

NyteMyst


Although the Chilcote Academy was not particularly noted for
academic excellence, it did enjoy a certain reputation for
achieving results with students who had proved difficult or even
unmanageable at other institutions. Originally established as a
boys' school in the late nineteenth century, the school had
thrown open its doors to females in the nineteen-fifties and it
now housed a small girls' campus that was kept carefully separate
from the male half of the school. The Academy grounds were
nestled in a wooded valley some five miles from the nearest town
and a high brick wall both encircled the property as well as
dividing it into the male and female campuses. Only a large
imposing Administrative building, which had once comprised the
entire school itself, joined the two separate halves into a
single institution.

When Todd Halprin was enrolled in the Academy during his
fourteenth year, the institution was run by Ms. Honoria
Blackwell, a stern, no-nonsense educator who took pride in the
discipline she was able to maintain within the student body. She
had impressive credentials as well as a formidable reputation
amongst her peers and she assured Todd's parents that he would
shortly settle down under the strict and demanding routine that
governed daily life at the school.

Todd, who had recently been expelled from his last Boarding
school after a pot- smoking incident in the dormitory, was less
than enthusiastic about his change of surroundings. However,
after his first two-weeks at the Academy, he found that the place
was not all that bad and he began to make some friends amongst
the other students. The classes were no more difficult than at
his previous school and, though there were rules and regulations
to observe, he had no real problem with the place.

One afternoon during his third week at the school, he happened to
notice the long, two-story structure behind the Administration
building. He had seen it before but hadn't really given it much
thought at the time and he asked a friend what it was.

"The special unit," his friend responded without further
explanation.

"What's that?" asked Todd curiously, staring at the building.

"Just another part of the school," shrugged the boy. "It's where
they teach the special students."

"The bad ones?" Todd queried. His friend shook his head.

"Oh no the really good ones I think."

"So what do they do there?" Todd wanted to know.

"Hell I don't know," came the reply. "Once you go there, nobody
ever sees you again 'til you graduate"

This somewhat cryptic response might have provided some food for
speculation in Todd's mind but the issue was quickly dismissed
when the bell rang for class and he promptly forgot about it
thereafter. It wasn't until a week or so later that the subject
of the special unit came up once again.

"Report to the Head Mistress's office, Mr. Halprin," the
Dormitory supervisor said to Todd one afternoon. Todd felt a
sudden stab of anxiety. In past experience, such meetings
invariably resulted from incidents of bad behavior and, though he
could think of nothing he had done wrong, he was still nervously
apprehensive at the prospect of the interview. He tried to ask
what it was all about but was dismissed with a curt warning not
to keep the head mistress waiting.

About twenty minutes later, Todd found himself in Ms. Blackwell's
plushly furnished office in the Administrative building. A
secretary told him to wait and he sat in a wooden chair in front
of her imposing desk, trying to imagine what he must have done to
warrant this meeting. He was in a state of near nervous
prostration when the head mistress finally swept into the room.

"Ah Mr. Halprin," Ms. Blackwell smiled as Todd climbed to his
feet. At forty she was still an attractive woman with a trim
figure and a mane of luxurious black hair that was pulled back
tightly into a bun. She strode past him, waving him back into his
chair, and sat down behind her desk. "And how are you settling
in young man?" she asked him pleasantly.

"Uh uh, fine," Todd managed to reply, his mouth dry with
anxiety. Ms. Blackwell smiled in response and then began to
question him about his work at the school and his previous
educational experiences. This continued for about ten minutes and
then a knock came at the door, interrupting the interview. Ms.
Blackwell bade the caller enter and a young lady wearing a school
uniform came in carrying a bundle of file folders.

"Here are the files you requested," said the girl as she
approached the desk. She was quite tall, approximately seventeen
years old and she had long blonde hair spilling over her
shoulders. Her figure was delectably trim beneath the tight
fitting black uniform dress and Todd stared at what was clearly
the most beautiful girl he had ever seen in his life. She set the
files down on the headmistress' desk.

"Thank you, Tanya," said Ms. Blackwell.

The girl nodded in response and then, without so much as a glance
at Todd, she turned and left the room. Todd, unable to help
himself, turned to stare after her and the headmistress smiled at
the effect the young girl had had upon him. She cleared her
throat pointedly.

"And now to the purpose of this meeting," she began briskly.
"After the last few weeks of observation, we have decided to
transfer you to the special unit," she told Todd, pausing to let
the announcement sink in. Todd swallowed.

"The the special unit?" he faltered. "What will I do there?"

"It's an adjunct to the normal curriculum," Ms. Blackwell
explained. "I want you to move into the unit today. Once you are
settled in, the program will be explained to you." She arose from
her desk and pushed the button on her intercom. "Send Ms. Davies
in, please," she said.

Todd wanted to ask for further details but before he could even
formulate a question the door opened and a very pretty woman in a
white lab coat entered. She had long copper colored hair and a
pair of small-framed glasses that emphasized rather than
detracted from her finely chiseled features.

"This is Todd Halprin," Ms. Blackwell said to the woman. "He's
transferred to the special unit as of this moment."

"Academic wing or the clinic?" the woman asked.

"Clinic" replied Ms. Blackwell, sitting back down behind her
desk. This piece of information seemed to please Ms. Davies.

"Excellent," she beamed. She nodded to Todd. "Come on then, young
man," she commanded. Todd rose uncertainly, feeling even more
nervous than before, and was chivied out of the room by the
pretty young woman.

"Did did Ms. Blackwell say the clinic?" he asked as he was led
down a corridor toward the back of the building. Ms. Davies
nodded. "But I'm not sick," he protested.

"That's good," answered Ms. Davies as they reached the rear exit.
"We need you healthy." She pushed open and they began to cross a
short walkway leading to the special unit building.

"What about my stuff?" asked Todd. Ms. Davies shook her head. You
won't need anything," she informed him in a tone of finality that
precluded any further conversation. They had reached the special
unit and Ms. Davies pulled open the door and waved the nervous
boy inside. He entered and saw a stairway leading up and one
leading down. "This way" commanded Ms. Davies, taking the
latter.

A few moments later, Todd found himself in a long corridor
completely finished in white tile. Doorways led off to either
side of the hallway and Todd was instructed to enter the first of
these on his left. Inside there was a desk and several filing
cabinets and a row of hooks on which reposed the type of short
smocks given to patients in hospitals. Ms. Davies nodded toward
them.

"Get undressed and put on a gown," she instructed him. "I'll be
back in a moment." She turned and left Todd then, leaving him
standing confused and uncertain in the little room. He hesitated
for several minutes, wondering if he should try and escape but
then, realizing the hopelessness of this course of action, he
gave in and began to disrobe.

Even the largest of the gowns he tried on extended no more than
two inches below his crotch and he felt helplessly exposed as he
tied the strings behind him. His bottom was almost totally open
to view no matter how tightly he pulled the garment about him and
he was afraid that any uncalculated movement would allow his
genitals to swing free. He stood with his back to the wall as Ms.
Davies returned.

"Excellent," the woman smiled as she entered the room. She sat at
the desk for a moment and wrote in a ledger and then she stood up
and beckoned to Todd. "Come on then let's get you to your room,"
she said.

Todd was led out of the room and down the corridor. The doorways
to the right, he noticed, were all double doors with windows set
into each half. He tried to see what was inside but in each case
the lights were either off or else turned down very low. To the
left, the doors were all single and without windows. The first
half dozen or so were all closed but the seventh was open and, as
he and his escort drew near, he managed to look inside, the sight
within causing him to gasp out loud.

There was a narrow bed just inside the door and strapped to it,
fully naked, was a boy of about his own age. He was blindfolded,
with straps over his arms and lower legs and there was a curious
gleaming steel cylinder completely enclosing his cock. Two rubber
tubes extended from the top of the cylinder, one snaking down
into a glass receptacle on the floor and the other going across
his body into a strange humming device on a small table beside
the bed. There was a woman in front of the table, her back to the
door, and, as she manipulated some controls on the device the boy
suddenly arched his back, thrusting his hips upward toward the
ceiling. His fingers gripped the sheet beneath him and his
features contorted into a tight rictus, though of pleasure or
pain Todd could not tell. In horrified fascination, Todd faltered
in his step as he peered through the doorway and he felt Ms.
Davies push lightly against the small of his back.

"Come along, Mr. Halprin," she said briskly.

Todd was taken down the corridor past a few more closed doors and
then ushered into a room almost exactly like the one he had just
seen. Ms. Davies instructed him to wait there for him and then,
without providing him with any further information, she closed
the door and left him. Todd, his pulse still racing, sat down
heavily on the little bed and clasped his hands together tightly
in his lap. He could not get the strange image of the naked boy
out of his mind and, as he sat there, very much alone, he
wondered what on earth he had gotten himself into.

***

Almost an hour passed before Ms. Davies returned. When she
returned, she beckoned to Todd and led him across the hall to one
of double sets of doors. She pushed it open and stood aside to
let Todd enter and he found himself in a white tiled room that
looked alarmingly like the operating room of a hospital. It was
quite large, divided down the middle by a low screen, and he
could see that there were other people in the far half of the
room.

For a moment, Todd could make out very little and then he saw,
with a little leap of his heart, that one of the figures was
Tanya, the pretty girl he had seen in the Headmistress' office
earlier that day. She was now wearing a white clinical gown like
Ms. Davies and she didn't look up when Todd entered. Beside her
was another white-coated figure with her back to Todd and, though
he could not see her face, he knew from the glossy black hair
that it was Ms. Blackwell. Both females seemed engrossed by
something on the table between them and, looking down, Todd could
just make out a pair of naked legs stretched flat and strapped to
the white-sheeted tabletop.

"Mr. Halprin is here," Ms. Davies announced.

"Very well have him prepped," the headmistress replied without
looking up.

Todd was led toward a small doorway at the rear of the operating
room and, as he was taken, he saw another table against the back
wall. It was of a distinctly medical design, with foot stirrups
at one end, and the upper half of the table was inclined to form
a backrest. He goggled at it nervously as he passed, wondering if
it might have something to do with his presence in this curious
place.

The little room through the doorway contained a toilet against
one wall and, beside it, a low platform with a sink at the foot
end. There were three taps over the sink and the middle faucet
had a long rubber tube attached to it. Ms. Davies lifted the tube
to examine it and, when she did so, Todd saw the black rubber
nozzle at the far end. It was similar to a device he'd seen some
years ago and he felt his heart sink at the sight of it.

"Oh ohplease," he began to protest. "I really don't think I
needI don't think I need that." Ms. Davies clucked almost
impatiently.

"Come on, Todd," she said firmly. "It's part of the procedure."
She patted the top of the platform indicating where she wanted
him.

Some three years earlier, Todd had been hospitalized with an
intestinal complaint and he had been given an enema as part of
his treatment. He could not remember much of the procedure having
been to sick to care a great deal, but he did recall that it was
rather uncomfortable. He was in no rush to repeat the experience
but he knew that resistance could only lead to unpleasantness
and, reluctantly, he climbed to his knees on the platform.

"Have you had an enema before?" Ms. Davies asked. She pressed
against the small of Todd's back, pushing him down onto all
fours.

"Once" responded Todd miserably. He heard a snapping sound as
Ms. Davies pulled on rubber gloves and then there was a brief
silence as she busied herself at the sink.

"Well this won't be too bad," she said soothingly. She
approached Todd and pulled his gown up over his hips, making him
squirm in embarrassment as his entire nether region was exposed
to her. There was a slight pause and then he felt Ms. Davies'
fingers slide between the cheeks of his bottom and begin to apply
a thick greasy ointment to his anus, rubbing it in with slow
circular motions. The sensation was not at all unpleasant and,
despite his discomfiture, he felt a familiar stirring in his
groin.

Ms. Davies massaged for a moment or two, working the cream inside
with the tip of one finger and then she withdrew her hand. A
moment later, Todd felt the nozzle he had seen a few minutes
before pressing up against his anus and he let out a short gasp
as the woman slid it inside him with practiced ease. There was a
brief feeling of discomfort as the bulbous tip stretched his
sphincter and then the whole implement was slipping easily inside
his rectum. It was not at all as painful as he remembered it to
be from his first experience and, to his surprise and
humiliation, he discovered he was now fully and stiffly erect. He
heard Ms. Davies give a low chuckle.

"Don't worry about that, Todd," she laughed softly. "That happens
with all the boys."

Ms. Davies stepped back from the platform and turned on the tap.
A moment later, Todd felt a surge of cool water flooding him and
he gasped again. The flow was steady but not too intense and it
produced a curious but pleasurable sensation deep inside him
causing his cock to throb heavily between his legs. It continued
for about a minute and a half and then a fullness seemed to
develop in Todd's stomach making him grunt at the pressure.

"Just a bit more," Ms. Davies said. She allowed the water to flow
for a few more seconds until the pressure became almost too
intense and then she quickly switched off the tap. She waited for
a moment and then she grasped the nozzle. "I'll need you to roll
quickly over to the toilet when I remove this," she said. "Can
you manage that?"

"Yes yes, I think so," Todd whispered, gritting his teeth at the
distention he was feeling.

Swiftly, Ms. Davies withdrew the implement from Todd's rectum and
he quickly rolled off the platform and sank down gratefully on
the nearby commode. Almost immediately, the contents of his bowel
began to Texpel in a splattering rush of fluid and he experienced
a deep sense of relief. It was embarrassing doing this in front
of a stranger but Ms. Davies seemed unconcerned by the procedure
and she busied herself at a counter at the far side of the room
as Todd continued his expulsion. He was just draining himself of
the last bit of liquid when she turned to him again and he saw,
with a little stab of alarm, that she was holding a razor and a
can of shaving cream.

"We have to get you all clean and neat," she smiled as she
approached him. She knelt down on the floor in front of the boy
and pushed him back against the tank of the toilet so that his
still erect cock bobbed into view over the seat. Todd blushed.

"Do do you have to?" he inquired tremulously.

"'Fraid so," Ms. Davies responded. She squirted a generous dollop
of the cream into her hand and then applied it to his pubic bush,
massaging it in. As she did so, her hand brushed against Todd's
erection and he jumped at the sensation. It was the first time
that anyone had touched him there since he was an infant and he
felt his face turn redder still. "Okay, let's get this done,"
said Ms. Davies.

With deft speed, the woman quickly maneuvered the razor over
Todd's genital region, denuding him of his sparse growth of hair.
She used her free hand to move his cock this way and that and,
though it was all rather alarming to Todd, the gentle, almost
casual way she manipulated him was curiously exciting. He could
feel his cock head throb inside the sheath of his foreskin as he
looked down and he experienced an odd rush of arousal when he saw
the strangely compelling sight of his bald, shiny smooth pubis.

"There we go," Ms. Davies announced as she climbed to her feet.
She moved to the door and called out. "Finished" she said. There
was silence for a moment and then the headmistress replied.

"Okay let's get him measured."

Todd was led back into the main room and, as he stood by the back
wall, he was able to see around the screen into the other half of
the chamber. Tanya, standing at the opposite side of the table
looked up to see him and, as though automatically, her eyes
dropped to Todd's groin. His erection had flagged a little,
leaving him only semi-erect, and he blushed again when he fancied
he saw a smirk of amusement flit across her pretty features. She
turned away, as though dismissing him, and busied herself at a
counter against the far wall.

"Okay up on the stool," Ms. Davies said to him. She pointed to a
small footstool on the floor near the dividing screen and he
approached it, stepping up onto the nine-inch high platform. As
he did this, he was now able to see right over the top of the
screen and for a moment he was able to see another boy on his
hands and knees on the operating table beyond. The boy, who
looked very much like the one Todd had seen in the little room
earlier was sporting an impressive erection that pointed down
stiffly toward a glass receptacle on the table top beneath him.
It was curious sight indeed and, although Todd had never had a
remotely sexual though involving another male, the sight of this
boy's obvious arousal produced a sympathetic throb of arousal in
Todd's own cock, bringing him fully hard once again. He stared
for a moment longer and then Ms. Blackwell strode up to him from
around the far end of the screen.

"Alright, let's get a look at you," she said. She nodded
approvingly when she saw his state of tumescence and pulled a
tape measure from the pocket of her coat. "Twelve centimeters,"
she intoned to herself as she stretched the tape alongside the
shaft of Todd's erection. She reached out and gripped the end of
his organ, making the boy shiver at the sensation. "Nice thick
foreskin, too," she observed. She turned to Ms. Davies. "Have you
cleaned inside the prepuce?" she asked.

"Not yet, headmistress" Ms. Davies replied.

"Never mind, I'll do it," smiled Ms. Blackwell. She motioned Todd
to climb down from the stool and, as he did so, he saw Tanya
approach the other boy, her hands sheathed in clear plastic
gloves. She caught his eye for a moment and smiled before turning
to whatever task she was about to undertake. "Up here, please,"
Ms. Blackwell said to Todd, patting the table beside the wall.

Nervously, Todd climbed up on the table, turning to lie with his
back propped up against the reclining rear section. Nothing too
terrible had happened to him yet but he trembled in anticipation
when Ms. Blackwell grasped the shaft of his cock in one hand and
deftly rolled back the foreskin with her other. She seemed
pleased by what she saw, and she gently slipped the thick hood
back and forth several times, exposing and re-exposing the shiny
head beneath in rapid succession as though performing some sort
of test. She released him then and fumbled in the pocket of her
clinician's coat.

A moment later, Ms. Blackwell withdrew several small metallic
objects and, eyeing the dimensions of Todd's cock, she selected
one and returned the remainder to her pocket. The object
consisted of a cylindrical metal cage approximately an inch and a
half long and a little more than an inch in diameter and it had a
thick metal ring at one end. Grasping Todd's cock again, she
slipped back the foreskin a final time and then slid the metal
ring over the shiny head, pushing it down until it was seated
beneath the corona, with the cage completely enclosing the head.
She paused for a moment and then, too Todd's amazement, she began
to work the thick sleeve of foreskin back up around the sides of
the cage.

The stretching sensation was very intense and a band of sweat
broke upon Todd's brow as Ms. Blackwell manipulated his foreskin,
sliding the narrow hood up, millimeter by millimeter, around the
metal device. It took several minutes and then Todd was
confronted with the novel sight of his foreskin completely
extended, yet held open by the strange appliance. Normally
curving around his cock head, the foreskin now rose vertically,
as wide as the shaft of his cock along its entire length, and the
hole nearly a centimeter in diameter where it closed about the
top of the cage.

"There" said Ms. Blackwell to herself. She reached beneath the
table and retrieved a hose with a very thin nozzle attachment and
a trigger extending from the base. It looked to Todd like the
water pic his parents used for dental care and when Ms. Blackwell
activated the trigger, sending a powerful yet narrow stream of
water into the air, he saw that its function was exactly the
same. She made an adjustment to the nozzle so that the stream
began to pulse and then she turned to Todd.

"This will sting a little for the first few seconds," she
informed him. "But you'll quickly get used to it." She placed a
curved kidney basin between his legs, sliding it beneath his
scrotum, and then she grasped Todd's cock firmly about the base
with her left hand and brought the tip of the spray nozzle up to
the opening to Todd's cock. She paused for a moment, examining
the interior, and then she activated the spray.

"Oh Oh gosh!" exclaimed Todd in some alarm. The thin jet of
water burst across the surface of his sensitive cock head like a
tattoo of tiny needles, drumming against the flesh unmercifully.
In moments the cup created by Todd's foreskin filled with water
and the overflow ran down his shaft into the waiting kidney
basin. Several times, Ms. Blackwell bent his cock forward to
empty the water and then she continued scouring the interior,
playing the narrow jet around and over the shiny surface. It did
indeed sting at first, almost painfully in fact, but then, as the
operation continued the sensation became quite pleasurable and
Todd began to fear that if it went on much longer he might
embarrass himself by ejaculating. He felt a building pressure
deep with in his loins and then, just as he felt himself reaching
the point of no return, the headmistress abruptly switched off
the jet and returned the nozzle to its holder beneath the table.

"Excellent" concluded the headmistress with a smile. "Now we
need to proceed to the volume test." She saw a look of
consternation pass across Todd's face and she patted his thigh
reassuringly. "Don't worry," she told him. "Nobody dislikes this
part"

Turning away from Todd, Ms. Blackwell went over to a cabinet at
the far wall and took out a strange device consisting of a long
glass cylinder graduated with markings along the length. It was
bottle shaped at one end, terminating in a narrower nozzle-type
opening, and the other end had a heavy metal base. From a nipple
along the middle of the cylinder, there was a short rubber hose
with a bulb attachment. Ms. Blackwell examined the device and
then, with a nod, approached her nervous patient. "Okay," she
said. "Let's get you attached"

Taking hold of Todd's still erect cock once again, the head
mistress inserted the narrow end of the glass cylinder into the
opening created by the foreskin cage. She pushed it flush against
the head of Todd's cock and then, giving a few short pumps to the
bulb attachment, she caused the cylinder to suck hard against the
firm penis flesh, creating a vacuum that held the device firmly
in place. Testing the suction and nodding with approval, she then
unsnapped the rubber hose and directed Todd to get up from the
table.

As soon as Todd stepped down to the floor, the cylinder, with its
heavy metal base, pulled his cock straight down toward the floor
and swung back and forth. It was a strangely exciting sensation
and Todd felt himself throb with arousal as the fullness of the
weight tugged at him. At Ms. Blackwell's direction he crossed the
floor to the dividing screen and stepped up onto the little stool
once again. "Feet far apart, please," she instructed him.

From atop the stool, Todd could see into the other half of the
room again. The other boy was still on the table on all fours and
his eyes were closed in obvious pleasure as Tanya ministered to
his midsection. The girl had her back to Todd, obscuring exactly
what she was doing, but he could see that her left arm was
reaching beneath the boy and moving back and forth rhythmically
while the other seemed to be manipulating something in his
bottom. Todd stared in fascination until Ms. Blackwell pushed him
forward making him bend all the way over.

Bracing himself against the divider with both hands, Todd leaned
forward until his trunk was nearly parallel to the floor. His
cock was pulled down straight between his legs and his bottom, in
this position, was thrust back in complete exposure. He waited in
anticipation and then, emitting a little gasp, he shivered as he
felt the headmistress reach a gloved hand between his legs from
the rear and begin to gently massage the tight little sac of his
scrotum. She rubbed him softly for a moment or two and then, with
her free hand she grasped the shaft of his cock between the thumb
and forefinger and started to milk the turgid length of his
organ.

Having endured the pleasurable torment of the cleansing spray
almost to the point of coming, Todd came very quickly to the
brink of orgasm. Ms. Blackwell employed a delicious technique of
manipulation in that she gripped the outer skin of his cock quite
tightly and slid it back and forth rapidly over the firm erectile
tissue beneath. In only a few seconds, Todd gave a sudden moan of
pleasure and felt himself ejaculate into the vacuum created by
the cylinder. His hips jerked back three times in a row with each
surge of sperm and a moment or so later, with Ms. Blackwell
milking him to the finish, he shot his entire load into the
container.

When it was over, Ms. Blackwell released the vacuum by squeezing
the nipple attachment and she carefully pulled the end free from
Todd's cock. She removed the foreskin cage and then directed him
to step down from the little stool as she held the cylinder up to
the light.

"Hmm thirty Cc's," she mused. "Not bad" She smiled at Todd and
then added, somewhat cryptically. "I'm sure we can build you up
though, my boy"

No sooner had the headmistress uttered these words than a sudden
commotion erupted from behind the screen. There was a loud gasp
followed by a series of sharp, guttural grunts and then an
exclamation of surprise by Tanya. Ms. Blackwell went immediately
to see what the fuss was about as Todd listened with considerable
interest.

"Almost 200 milliliters, Ms. Blackwell," said Tanya, her voice
strained with excitement.

"Two hundred?" replied the headmistress. "That's excellent. One
of our best results yet" There was a long pause and then a
conversation followed that Todd could not quite hear. He stood
there, his erection now wilted, wondering what on earth had just
happened.

Did they mean two hundred milliliters of semen? Todd's mind
boggled as he struggled with the concept. He knew that this
volume of fluid amounted to almost a full cup in culinary terms
and it astounded him to think that anyone, let a lone a boy of
his age, could produce such a copious discharge of come. He
suddenly thought of the headmistress's suggestion that his
ejaculate could be built up further and he felt a sudden twitch
of interest in his cock as the thought went home. He was still
pondering this very interesting possibility when Ms. Davies
returned and led him back to his room.

***

There was a tray of food waiting for Todd in his room and when he
saw it he suddenly realized he was ravenous. Ms. Davies left him
as he ate and when she returned he asked her for a glass of
water.

"I'm afraid we have to restrict your fluid intake for the time
being," she replied, shaking her head. She produced something
from her pocket and held it out to Todd. "Here put these on,"
she instructed him.

Taking the proffered object, Todd saw that it was a pair of clear
plastic underpants. He stared at Ms. Davies for a second and then
did as he was told, pulling the thin plastic garment up over his
thighs to encase his now wilted organ. Ms. Davies then waved him
on to the bed.

"I am afraid we cannot risk the possibility that you may resort
to manual self- stimulation," she announced. She took two black
elastic straps from he pocket and deftly made Todd's wrists fast
to the frame of the bed, pulling them efficiently tight. Todd
swallowed.

"But but I won't do anything," he promised.

"Standard practice, I'm afraid," Ms. Davies replied. "The
temptation to masturbate can become quite intense during the next
exercise." Rising, she left the room for several minutes and then
returned with a clipboard and a small paper folder. "One last
test before the exercise begins," she told him.

Ms. Davies sat down on the bed beside Todd and when she opened
the paper folder he saw that it contained a large bundle of
photographs. She began to display these one by one to Todd,
watching his reaction as each was displayed and recording the
result on her clipboard. At first the pictures were completely
uninteresting but, as the subject matter become increasingly more
erotic, Todd found his cock growing once again until it pressed
against the tight material of his panties. Several images showed
females of various ages undressing for the camera but one,
showing a young adolescent girl squatting to urinate, was very
sexy indeed and Ms. Davies nodded to herself as she scribbled her
notes on the clipboard. Again, when the same girl was featured
bending over in front of the camera so that her bottom was open
and exposed, Todd felt his cock throb with excitement and he was
conscious of Ms. Davies writing even more than usual. He wanted
to touch himself at that moment and he felt an almost
overwhelming urge to release the tension in his loins when Ms.
Davies gathered up the photographs and left him alone in the
room.

***

After an hour had passed, Todd was quite thirsty and an itch on
his forehead had driven him crazy in his inability to scratch
himself because of the restraints. He lay miserably on the little
bed, growing more frustrated in his discomfort, and he was very
closed to shouting for someone to come help him when the door to
his room opened sftly. In an instant, all feelings of anger and
discomfort evaporated like smoke in a wind when he saw that it
was the delectable young Tanya who was coming to visit him.

"Hello, Todd," she smiled. As in the clinic, she was wearing an
abbreviated lab coat and when she sat down on the bed beside him
the hem rode up alluringly across her pretty thighs, causing a
fresh surge of interest in Todd's loins. She let her hand rest
negligently on his upper thigh for a moment. "Did you like the
picture's earlier?" she asked.

Todd felt his face flush for a moment and then his heart suddenly
missed a beat as Tanya reached out with both hands and began to
pull down his plastic panties. His cock had begun to swell as
soon as the gorgeous young girl sat down on the bed and as she
pulled the elastic waistband across the stiffening organ he was
suddenly fully erect. Tanya smiled again.

"Such a pretty cock," she murmured. She looked into his eyes,
holding his gaze for a moment and then she gripped the base of
pulsing erection between the thumb and ring finger of her right
hand, squeezing ever so gently and making Todd exhale sharply. "I
know which pictures you enjoyed the most," she whispered juicily.

Slowly, Tanya began to stroke his rigid tool, sliding her hand up
and down in an agonizingly delicious rhythm. She asked him if he
had ever seen a real naked girl before and when he shook his head
dumbly she cooed in sympathy and, to the boy's sudden amazement
and pleasure, deftly undid the top few buttons of her coat,
allowing the garment to open. Todd could not help but gasp.

"Do you like my breasts?" asked Tanya coyly.

Nestled inside the white material of her lab coat, unfettered by
a bra or any other covering, the twin orbs of her beautiful
teenage breasts stared back at him from the shadows of her
lapels. They were not large, each being the size of a small
grapefruit, and the pale, alabaster mounds were both capped with
a dark, conical nipple. The sight was entrancing, almost
maddening to the boy, and he gazed hungrily at the twin peaks of
flesh as Tanya continued her delightful ministrations to his
throbbing cock.

"What would you like to do to that young girl in the pictures?"
the temptress asked, her voice barely above a throaty whisper.
"Dirty things, Todd?" She stroked the length of him, gripping and
releasing his shaft as she did so, and he soon began to feel a
familiar sensation building deep inside. He also became dimly
aware, as she stroked him, that she seemed to be keeping a mental
count of each pump of her hand but the thought was fleeting and
he soon was lost in the delightful sensations.

"Maybe you'd like to do those dirty things with me?" Tanya said
coyly, squeezing him deliciously just beneath the head of his
aching organ. Todd moaned loudly, his eyes half closing, and felt
a wave of excitement pass over him as he envisioned the lovely
Tanya completely nude. His cock suddenly swelled as he reached
the point of no return but, as he arched his hips upward, ready
for the girl to bring him to merciful release, she suddenly
released him and drew his pants back over his cock with a
business-like snap. He gaped at her in surprise as she rose from
the bed.

"Oh noplease don't stop," he gasped. Tanya shook her head at
him with a sad smile.

"I must I'm afraid," she replied softly. She drew a notebook from
the pocket of her lab coat and made a quick entry into it before
doing up her buttons and leaving him alone in the room. Todd's
erection began to flag almost immediately, but he was conscious
of a dull ache in his loins as he lay there in anguished
frustration, and he gripped the sheet beneath him as he listened
to Tanya's footsteps departing down the hall. Silently, he prayed
for her to return.

Tanya did return, of course, and she did so five times that
night; each visit separated by a period of about an hour. The
successive episodes grew shorter and shorter in duration as Todd
reached the verge of coming with greater speed, and, on each
occasion, Tanya subtly raised the level of erotic teasing to a
greater height. On her second visit, she completely removed her
lab coat and sat in just her abbreviated white cotton panties as
she stroked Todd's cock with the same maddening slowness as
before. Later, she stood before him after pulling down his
plastic panties and slowly removed her own; teasing him as she
gradually exposed the lovely treasures within. Like the girl in
the picture that had excited Todd so much, the twin pubes of her
delectable vulva were completely smooth and bald and the sight of
the ridge of her clitoral hood peeking coyly from within made the
lad almost weak with lust and desire.

As Tanya manipulated Todd, she kept up a steady monologue,
suggesting, with increasing explicitness, all the things that he
might wish to do to the girl in the picture or to Tanya herself.
On her last visit, she removed his panties as before and then
neatly climbed over him, straddling his face with her naked
thighs and lowering herself down to him so that the exposed folds
of her lovely sex lay scant inches above his face. Beneath the
girl, Todd could smell the enticing salty musk of her cunt and
his cock swelled to near bursting point before she even touched
him. She sat above him for a second or two and then climbed off.

"Won't be long now, Todd," she promised him gently as she pulled
her lab coat back on. As before, she recorded the results of the
transaction in her little notebook and then left him once again,
leaving the poor boy almost weeping with frustration and pent-up
lust.

***

When Ms. Davies came to collect Todd he was just awakening from a
fitful doze and he had no idea what time it might be. He was
somewhat conscious of an empty hungry feeling in the pit of his
stomach, but the dull ache in that region was far overshadowed by
the heavy fullness and pressure in his groin. Ms. Davies undid
the bonds holding him to the bed and then she led him back down
the hall to another examining room where he blinked his eyes to
the unaccustomed glare of the harsh white lights.

They were alone in the room when they first arrived and Ms.
Davies led Todd over to a low seat that looked rather like a
weight lifter's bench with a sloping backrest. Another, similar
seat was positioned across from it and, before positioning Todd
on the first one, she directed him to remove the plastic panties
he still wore. Almost immediately, perhaps from the association
of ideas in connection with this maneuver, Todd became erect once
again and he was shivering with excited anticipation as Ms.
Davies lowered him down on the bench. She pushed him against the
backrest and then used a chest strap to hold him in place before
she walked off to a cabinet at the rear of the room.

When she returned, Ms. Davies was holding the tube and weighted
suction bottle device that had been used on him Todd the day
before. She attached it to his cock as the headmistress had done
and then she allowed the weighted end to hang over the end of the
bench so that it pulled Todd's cock straight out from his body.
She had just completed this operation when the doors swung open
and Ms. Blackwell entered followed by Tanya.

"Ah all prepared I see," boomed Ms. Blackwell. "Is he ready for
spontaneous emission, do you think?" she asked, turning to Tanya.
The girl handed her a clipboard.

"Oh yes, I'd say so," replied Tanya. "We came very close during
the last series, Headmistress" Ms. Blackwell flipped through the
pages on the clipboard, rubbing her chin absent- mindedly as she
did so.

"Hmmm definite interest in images 17 and 24," she mused.
"Perhaps we should work with that" She placed the clipboard down
on a table beside her and smiled at her pretty young assistant.
"Would you be so good as to assist, Tanya?"

"Certainly, Headmistress," answered Tanya. Todd, who had remained
silently through the exchange, suddenly felt his pulse race with
excitement as Tanya deftly slipped off her lab coat and laid it
on the table. She was topless underneath, the nipples of her
lovely breasts standing stiffly erect in the cool air of the
room, and a delicate pair of pink panties clung to her slender
hips. Without any self-consciousness at all she slid these off,
allowing Todd to view her smooth, hairless pudendum once again.

"Over here, if you will," beckoned the headmistress. She had
Tanya step over the bench so that she straddled Todd while facing
away and, for the first time, the boy was treated to the
delectable vision of the teenager's exquisite bottom. At the
height he was sitting the firm, flawless globes were directly in
front of his face and he caught an intoxicating breath of the
delicate soap she used. Lightheaded with arousal, he felt his
cock throb heavily between his legs.

"She has a lovely bottom, doesn't she?" said Ms. Blackwell to
Todd. "Much nicer even than the girl in the picture, don't you
think?" Todd, excited beyond anything he had ever experienced
before, was barely able to nod in reply. He stared hungrily at
the lovely globes before him as the headmistress had Tanya lean
forward slightly and then reached around the girl's waist with
both hands to gently separate the twin pillows of soft flesh.
Slowly, she opened Tanya's gorgeous bottom, spreading the crevice
wide beneath Todd's lustful gaze.

Sweet Heaven, it was a beautiful sight!

Nestled between the two hillocks, Tanya's delectable asshole
winked at the boy enticingly. It was small and the delicate tan
crenellations were just a bare shade darker than the surrounding
smooth skin. It was like a sweet little rosebud, still tightly
twisted shut, but full of the promise of a delightful blossoming.
Todd heard a low moan escape his lips. "Lovely isn't it?"
breathed the Headmistress. "Would you like to kiss her down
there, Todd?" she asked. "Would you like to slide your tongue
between these beautiful cheeks?"

The incredible eroticism and excitement of the moment was too
much for Todd. With an animal grunt he jerked his hips viciously
upward and he felt himself explode into the device attached to
him, gushing forth in a tremendous surge that seemed to draw the
very essence of himself through his loins. Even in the delicious
agony of the moment, he resisted the impulse to screw his eyes
shut and he kept his gaze fixed on the sweet vision of Tanya's
anus as he drained himself in successive waves of unbelievable
pleasure. His hips jerked again and again as the torrent spewed
forth and it seemed an eternity until the last of his semen was
expelled into the waiting vessel.

"Excellent," beamed Ms. Blackwell as the spasms finally subsided.
She directed Tanya to stand aside and then, as the girl pulled
her panties back on, she removed the collection equipment and
held it up. "Well, well" she murmured. "A fourteen percent
increase. That is impressive" She handed the device to Ms.
Davies and appeared to mull something over before speaking again.
"I wonder if we might try some retrograde pressure" she mused.

"The Ronson procedure?" queried Tanya.

"Yes, that's my thinking," the Headmistress replied. Tanya seemed
curiously pleased the prospect.

"I'll get started immediately," she said as she buttoned up her
lab coat. Ms. Blackwell chuckled.

"I think we ought to give this lad a brief rest," she smiled.
"And perhaps get some protein in him as well"

***

Todd was taken back to his room for an hour or so and treated to
a substantial breakfast of eggs and toast washed down with nearly
a quart of fresh orange juice. He was able to rest on his bed for
a little while and he felt quite refreshed when Ms. Davies came
to escort him back to the examination room once again. As he
entered the room, a sense of excited anticipation came over him
and he saw, with a little surge of interest, that preparations
for the new procedure had already began.

Strapped to the same bench that Todd had occupied only an hour
earlier was the boy who had been masturbated with such incredible
results the first time Todd had been in the examination chambers.
He appeared to be a little older than Todd, maybe by a year or
so, and his hair, damp with perspiration, was plastered wetly to
his forehead. Behind him, the lovely Tanya, once again
deliciously naked, bent over him, apparently whispering into his
ear. Todd could not hear whatever it was she was saying but it
clearly was having an effect on the boy for his eyes were
half-closed and his impressive, uncircumcised cock stood up
proudly from the smoothness of his shaven groin. Behind this
tableau, her back to the room, stood Ms. Blackwell, apparently
busy with something at the table against the wall.

The eroticism of the moment was immediately communicated to Todd
and, as Ms. Davies maneuvered him over to the bench facing the
other boy, his own cock began to swell and stiffen. He was
lowered down into the seat, his scrotum just hanging over the
edge, and the backrest was slid forward to support him. He sat
there, shivering in anticipation and Ms. Blackwell turned to face
them.

"Alright," she began briskly. "Let's begin" In her hand she held
a small clear plastic device consisting of a tube approximately
four inches in length and about a quarter inch in diameter.
Midway along the tube, and separated by a quarter inch or so,
were two curved concave flanges, the open ends of the curved
plastic facing toward either end of the tube. Ms. Blackwell, her
hands encased in rubber gloves, rubbed a thick lubricant
liberally over the ends of the device and approached the boy
across from Todd.

As the headmistress knelt beside the boy, Tanya, clearly familiar
with the procedure, stepped lightly over the bench, straddling
the boy as she had done with Todd earlier. This time, however,
instead of standing several inches away, she backed up and bent
over slightly, thrusting her hips back toward the young boy's
face. Almost immediately, his unfettered hands slid up the
teenager's pretty thighs, gripping them as he bent his head
toward her, and he thrust his tongue deep inside the cheeks of
her bottom. A flush spread over Tanya's face and chest as she
clearly enjoyed the erotic sensation and Todd felt his cock throb
insistently as he looked on in lustful envy.

Ms. Blackwell reached out with one gloved hand and gripped the
head of the boy's cock, making him shiver at the touch, and then
she neatly rolled back the foreskin, exposing the shiny, swollen
head beneath. She took the plastic device and held one end of the
tube against the tip of the head, positioning it over the
peehole, and then, to Todd's amazement, she inserted the tube
deeply into the boy's cock, twisting it as it slid inward. She
pushed it down into the pulsing shaft until the cup of the
plastic flange encased the gleaming head and then she rolled the
foreskin back over it, holding the device in place. Todd, looking
at the lubricated surface of the other end of the tube, felt a
sudden stab of nervousness as he realized what was about to
occur.

"Okay," intoned the headmistress a moment later. She grasped
Todd's cock and slid back the foreskin in a single fluid motion,
holding the roll of skin between her thumb and forefinger. Then,
directing Ms. Davies assist, she had the boy slid forward until
the slightly tapered tip of the tube rested against the tiny
entrance to his urethra. There was a brief pause as the tip was
positioned correctly and then Todd gasped loudly as she was slid
forward once again, causing the clear plastic tubing to slide
deeply within him.

The sensation of the device entering his cock was incredible.
There was a stinging sensation of pain as his urethra was
stretched by the unaccustomed width of the tube but it was
intensely exciting and pleasurable at the same time. He could
feel the tapered tip probing deep inside his cock and then the
curved surface of the flange was closing about the slick, shiny
surface of his cock head. He gasped again as Ms. Blackwell rolled
the sleeve of his foreskin over the device, holding it firmly in
place. "Let's begin," she said.

Tanya's eyes were now closed in ecstasy as the boy's tongue
probed and thrust inside her, and she seemed oblivious to what
was happening to Todd. Smiling to herself, the headmistress
reached across to encircle the root of the boy's cock with her
hand and she began to milk the turgid shaft, squeezing it as she
slid her fingers up the stiffened length. She manipulated him
slowly at first, teasing him gently, and then the strokes of her
hand became faster, building to a quick steady rhythm.

For several minutes the stroking continued, growing faster still,
and then, as Todd looked on, the boy's thighs tensed and his cock
seemed to swell to an almost impossible fullness. Ms. Blackwell
gave one last pump with her hand and then the quarter inch of
clear plastic separating the two throbbing organs went opaquely
white as it was filled with come. There was a curious sensation
of pressure transmitted through the length of tubing and then
Todd cried out in surprise as the thick, heavy discharge surged
inside his cock with incredible force. It raced inside him,
stretching his urethra with the first wave of orgasm and then, as
the spasms continued, he felt the creamy hot fluid forcing its
way deep inside him in a series of gushing injections.

The sensation was like an orgasm in reverse and Todd moaned
loudly with each successive wave. Dimly, he recalled the
tremendous volume the boy had produced before and his mind
boggled at the thought as the boy's cock squirted again and again
with tremendous power. As the fifth surge burst into him, the
incredibly erotic sensations caused his own orgasm to be
triggered and he almost raised his hips clear of the bench as his
semen struggled against the opposing force. His cock, swollen to
bursting, pulsed visibly as he strained to ejaculate, but each
spasm of his release was forced back again by the onrushing flood
of come, prolonging the agonizing ecstasy and making him shudder
with each mind-blowing jolt of unbelievable pleasure.

An eternity seemed to pass before the flood was stemmed and, in
the last few seconds, Todd was vaguely aware of a cry of pleasure
from Tanya as she climaxed in response to the anal pleasure she
had been given. Several final shudders wracked his frame and then
he collapsed gasping against the backrest, his chest heaving in
sharp, heavy pants. He lay there, his eyes closed as he regained
his composure, and then he became aware of Ms. Blackwell
disengaging him from the device inserted in his cock.

"There," she announced. She directed Todd to stand and he did so,
his legs still shaky from weakness. He looked across to see that
Tanya was still flushed with her exertions and he again felt a
sensation of envy at the intimate caress the boy on the bench had
been allowed to experience. Ms. Blackwell beckoned to Ms. Davies.
"We'll continue at four o'clock" she said briskly.

"Shall we repeat the Ronson procedure again?" asked Tanya, a note
of hope apparent in her voice. The headmistress considered the
question.

"No we need to check his volume again," she replied slowly. "We
can do it again tomorrow, though," she added. "And there are
plenty of other procedures we'll need to try in the coming
weeks"

The End

