Beach Cop's Predicament
Mon Dec 11, 2006 05:1967.72.98.84

I think the reason I enjoy this fantasy so much is that I know it's just 
Fantasy and could never actually happen -- because if anything like it did, I 
know I'd be terribly embarrassed! 

I'm female, in my mid-20s,,and attractive enough to get lots of offers from 
nice-looking guys and even an occasional female. I work as a Security Officer 
on a semiprivate beach, but I'm not one of those BayWatch bimbos; I wear a 
snappy uniform, and the rich folks who own the property pay me well to make 
sure that only Approved Visitors swim here, and follow Dress and Conduct 
codes. 

Anyway, in my Fantasy, I'm at work one day when I see a crowd around a bunch 
of Naked Women on the Beach! I stride up and demand to know what's going on, 
only to discover that they're shooting some kind of porn Video that features a 
bunch of women making love to each other! For just a second, I stare, 
fascinated at the sight of all those bare, bouncy tits, round tushes, and coy 
little pussies. But then I collect myself and order them to cease and desist. 
That's when the gal directing the thing shows me written permission from the 
owners to shoot her movie there. And she has the gall to ask me to keep the 
crowds away! 

I huffily reply that I'm just starting my Lunch Hour and storm off, hot and 
bothered.

Well, I just have to cool off and relieve my emotions somehow, so I change 
into my swimsuit (lock my uniform in a locker and carry the key pinned to my 
suit) and go for a swim. By the time I swim out to my favorite spot -- a secluded crop of rocks 
where no one ever goes -- I'm feeling better: And incredibly horny! Somehow, 
the sight of all those shapely gals running around nude in public really 
turned me on! I'm sort of shy myself, and just the thought of being out in 
front of strangers – completely naked, with no clothes on at all! -- makes me 
blush furiously ... even as it turns me on! 

Making sure I won't be seen, I take off my swimsuit, lay it carefully on the 
rocks, then swim out to neck-deep water and begin stroking myself. 

Unfortunately, I hadn't noticed one of the aspiring starlets watching me at 
the beach, reading the look in my eye. 

I hadn't heard her go to the Director and say, "Boss, if I can control this 
crowd, will you sign me to a long-term contract?" 

I didn’t see her carefully following me as I went for my swim. 

And I most certainly didn't see the delicate hand dart around the rock and 
snatch away my swimsuit! 

No, I'm just blissfully prolonging the pleasure, almost there, when the noises 
from the beach get my attention. Startled, I interrupt myself (Damn! I was SO 
close!) and swim back to shore, safely hidden behind the rocks, I climb to the 
top of the outcrop, feeling the arm, smooth rock on my bare feet, peer 
cautiously over the top, and see a uniformed policewoman herding the crowd 
away from the film-makers. 

But that's my uniform! 

I look around the rock and discover my clothes are gone. What a predicament! 
Stuck out here naked while that snip lords it around in my clothes! And she's 
sending the crowd out this way! I've got to hide! 

I quickly swim back to shore, further up the beach where I think no one will 
see me, but I'm discovered by the Porn Star -- in my uniform! -- who heads me 
back to the film-makers, ordering me to “stay with my own kind". 

Terrified of being recognized, I jump into a line of naked girls crouched down 
on all fours, orally pleasuring lovely, regal women who recline in Beach 
Chairs. 

And that's how I spend the rest of my day -- "acting" in this porno film! 
Finally, day over, the gals retrieve their clothes and start to drift away. 
But I don't have any! Then the starlet in my Uniform smilingly offers to help 
me "on one condition ...”

She cuffs my hands behind me, puts a collar around my neck, and leads me on a 
leash stark naked, out to... 



  
