Getting Started {Titmouse} (mf,teen,1st)
----------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                  Getting Started

                    by Titmouse
           (C)1997, All Rights Reserved



	I am 16; Julie is 15.  The year is 1959.
	We have been "dating" for more than six months, although in 
that time in that small town in Indiana, our dates consist of 
meeting surreptitiously and spending an hour or two together walking 
around the three square blocks that constitute "downtown."  Only 
rarely can we manage to meet at the show and sit next to each other 
after paying our way in separately.

	We kissed for the first time only about two months ago.  On 
the way home from a show, holding hands as we had started to do, we 
passed a park.  Like magic, we seemed to have the same thought at 
the same time.  Cutting through the park, we finally found a place 
where bushes created a u-shaped alcove, shielding us from view 
except from the front.  And there was nothing in front but open 
park.
	We sat for a while, talking, waiting.  Hesitantly, I put an 
arm around Julie's shoulders.  She leaned against me.  Even more 
hesitantly, I moved my face near hers, and she didn't move away.  I 
turned to face her.  She looked in my eyes for a moment and then 
closed hers and tilted up her face.
	It wasn't a great kiss.  As inexperienced as I was, I knew 
that.  Our teeth clicked as we pressed our mouths together.  Neither 
of us knew quite what to do once we had joined lips.  We held our 
bodies awkwardly apart, jutting our faces out to kiss.  But we got 
better with practice.
	And we've gotten a lot better, thanks to practicing every 
chance we get.  We walk home together after school (most of the way, 
at least), passing through the park on the way.  Last Saturday, and 
the one before that, we managed to meet at the park just at twilight 
and spend an hour in our secret place.
	And last Saturday marked a new turn in our relationship.  As 
we grew increasingly comfortable with being close to each other, 
Julie has allowed me more liberties.  Gradually, we have let our 
bodies touch.  I remember the thrill I felt the first time Julie 
leaned against me and touched my arm with her breast.  Always 
before, we had quickly moved apart, embarrassed.  But that time, she 
stayed put, pressing it against my arm.
	Not long after that, during one of our sessions, Julie calmly 
spun around from our side-by-side seated position and leaned across 
my lap.  I held her in my arms and pressed her to me.  Her young, 
firm breasts bored into my chest like hot pillows.  Before long, we 
were lying side by side, and soon after that we were taking turns 
rolling on top of one another.  Eventually, with much trepidation, I 
slowly slid a leg between Julie's.  She curled around it, capturing 
my leg between her thighs.
	A few weeks ago, I touched her breast with my hand for the 
first time.  She moved away at my first attempt but, after more 
kisses and body hugs, she let me leave my hand there.  And she let 
me knead her breast, awkwardly but voluptuously.  The next week, she 
let me slide my hand up under her sweater and cup her bra-clad 
breast.
	Two weeks ago, we went even further.  Darkness had fallen 
quickly after a cloudy sunset.  In our retreat, we moved quickly, 
both eager I suspect to resume where we had left off.  I had my hand 
under her shirt early in the session.  I begged her to let me touch 
her naked breast.  After several refusals, Julie reached behind her 
back and released the bra clasp.  I cupped her bare breast in my 
hand.
	We rolled together, our legs entwined, and Julie pressed 
herself against my leg.  As we rocked back and forth, I could tell 
that she was at least as excited as I was.  Eyes closed, she panted 
through half-open lips in the intervals between our kisses.  When I 
held her close to me, she ground her pelvis against my leg.  I 
rolled on top of her, off center, and pressed my leg against her 
crotch.  Julie wrapped both her legs around mine and clutched me 
against her, rocking her hips to rub herself on me.
	Almost without thinking, I shifted to one side and moved both 
of my legs between hers.  My penis was rock-hard.  I pressed it into 
her crotch and moved my hips, pushing it boldly against the center 
of her vee.  Julie hesitated briefly, then drew her legs up, 
planting her feet on the ground, and pushed back against me.
	Last week, things almost got out of hand.  It wasn't long 
before I had Julie's blouse open and her bra pushed up above her 
breasts.  I pulled my own shirt up and, lying on top of her, pressed 
our bare chests together.  After grinding our hips together for a 
while, I rolled to one side and slid my hand down to her thigh.  
When she didn't stop me, I slowly slid it up to cup and rub her 
crotch through her thick jeans.
	Julie was flushed and her face was damp with a light sheen of 
perspiration.  After letting me massage her passively for a while, 
she began to respond, moving her hips in time to my rubbing.  She 
buried her face in the crook of my neck and sighed repeatedly.  She 
was warm, almost hot, under my hand, and faintly damp.
	She had one hand on my chest, stroking it.  Then, with 
agonizing slowness, she moved it downward across my stomach and 
below.  I gasped when her fingers touched my raging hard-on.  She 
stroked it, lightly at first, then more firmly.  Finally, she 
gripped me through my cotton pants and jacked me off.  Her hand 
moved up and down insistently, and the result was inevitable.  I 
came all over the inside of my underwear and pants.
	I was horribly embarrassed, but Julie made it all right.  
Before long, she had us both laughing at my predicament.  Then, 
while we waited for my pants to dry at least a little, she took my 
hand and led it back to her crotch.  And, after I had stroked her 
for a while, she took my hand again and let it to her waist.  When I 
couldn't get my hand down past the tight waistband of her jeans, she 
unfastened the top button herself and slid the zipper down.
	Like the first touch of her breast, it was a magic moment.  I 
slowly slid my hand down over her panties to cup her mound.  I ran 
my fingers over her and pressed the cloth between the lips of her 
vagina.  Her panties got very damp.  Then, slowly, expecting to be 
repulsed at any moment, I slid a finger under the elastic around one 
leg and touch her slick female lips for the first time.  Julie 
shuddered at my touch and whimpered.  She spread her legs to give me 
more room.
	This sideways leg entry was awkward, though.  I pulled my hand 
back, moved it to the top of her panties and slid my fingers under 
them.  I felt the fur that marked the start of her genitals and 
pushed down farther.  I felt the slippery lips again and slid a 
finger between them.  I bent my middle finger downward and slid it 
into her hole.
	Julie made a faint cry.  At first I thought I had hurt her.  
She squeezed my hand with her thighs and then spread them wider, 
inviting me to continue.  I stroked her for several minutes, sliding 
my finger between the lips and pushing my finger down into her.  Her 
breath came faster and faster, turning into little whimpering cries. 
Then, to my surprise and delight, she came, too, bucking and 
shuddering and moaning loud enough that I was afraid we might be 
heard.
	After that, everything changed.  It took a long time to get 
around to admitting what it was we wanted to do.  For one thing, it 
wasn't a subject we were used to talking about.  But finally I said 
something about "doing it," and Julie said it back, and pretty soon 
we were talking about how we'd probably "do it" someday.  And then I 
said that "not doing it" was painful and Julie was properly 
sympathetic and said that she'd consider doing something about that 
except that she was afraid of getting pregnant.  And I said I could 
get some rubbers from a service station vending machine.  And she 
said okay, then, maybe we could.
	From that moment, it was no longer a question of whether but 
when.  And when turns out to be this Saturday; her parents will be 
away overnight.

	I tell my folks that I'm going to the show with Billy and 
Mark, but I head for Julie's house.  Cutting down the alley, I enter 
her yard through the rear gate.  Julie's watching from the kitchen, 
and lets me in through the back door.  She closes the door and 
immediately comes into my arms for a kiss.
	"Do you want something to drink, Joey?" Julie asks, when we 
finally break from the kiss.  She's still in my arms.  Leaning back 
to look up at me, her hips press against me.
	"No," I say.
	"Want something to eat?"
	"No," I say.
	"Wanna watch TV?" she asks, grinning.
	"No," I say.
	"Well, then," Julie says, "what do you want?"
	I look at her.  She's just being impish.  She knows very well 
what I want.  But I can't say it, so I just take her hand and lead 
her through the kitchen and into the living room.  I have the sofa 
in mind, but it's too exposed.  Drawing the blinds seems too obvious 
a signal to the outside world that something secret is going on.  I 
look around for alternatives, but I don't know the house.  I've only 
been there once before.
	Feeling me hesitate, Julie takes the lead.  Pulling me by the 
hand, she heads up the stairs and takes me to her bedroom, closing 
the door behind us.  She puts on some tunes while I stand there 
awkwardly, looking around.  Her bed cover is frilly and pink, the 
top piled with a menagerie of stuffed animals.
	After turning on the radio, Julie goes to the bed and starts 
tossing the stuffed animals into a pile in the corner.  Then she 
pulls down the quilt.  Then she sits down on the side of the bed.  I 
walk over and sit next to her.  I take her in my arms and kiss her. 
We sink backward onto the bed.
	We snuggle together for a while, kissing and hugging.  I touch 
Julie's breast through her t-shirt, then move my hand down to her 
waist and slide my hand up under it to cup her breast through her 
bra.  After a bit, I slip my hand behind her back and fumble at the 
clasp.
	"Here," Julie says, "let me do it."  She pulls away from me 
and sits up, reaches behind her back and quickly releases the bra 
clasp.  Her firm young breasts scarcely sag.  Julie lays back down 
beside me and allows me to slip my hand under her t-shirt again.  I 
slide my fingers under the loose bra and cup a naked breast in my 
palm.
	"Ummmm," she murmurs, "that feels so nice.  Squeeze it like 
that.  Not too hard."
	I do as she tells me, thrilling to the feel of her soft, warm 
tit in my hand.  I can feel her pert nipple pressing against my 
palm.  I take it between my thumb and forefinger and pinch it 
lightly.  It swells in response, and Julie moans again.
	"Oh, Joey," she says, "kiss it for me.  I want to feel your 
lips on my boobie."
	I push her t-shirt up over her flat stomach and ribs, lifting 
the bra with it until her breast is revealed.  It rises proudly from 
her chest, topped with a deep rose-colored areola and the slightly 
darker nipple, which is erect, almost throbbing.
	Slowly, reverently, I lower my lips to her nipple.  I suck it 
between my lips, pulling on it, flicking it with my tongue, rolling 
it around.  Julie puts a hand behind my neck and pulls me to her, 
pressing her breast up against my mouth.  I open wider and suck as 
much of it into my mouth as I can, pulling on it strongly.  Julie 
squirms beneath me, rolling her hips.
	My top leg is between hers, pressed all the way up between her 
thighs against her crotch.  She is wearing denim shorts.  I can feel 
the warmth of her through the layers of cloth between.  Julie is 
pushing herself against my leg, rocking her hips up to press against 
my leg.  
	We shift position slightly, moving even closer together, and
now Julie is rubbing herself against my hip.  I put one hand behind
her fanny, pulling her to me while pressing my hip and thigh against
her crotch.
	I push up the other side of her t-shirt, exposing her other 
breast, and move my mouth to it, repeating the same games I played 
with the first.  I move my head from one to the other, and Julie 
helps me, rolling upward first one shoulder and then the other to 
lift her tits to my mouth.
	I let go of her fanny and slide my hand onto her hip, then 
farther forward to press against the top of her thigh.  Julie moves 
away from me slightly to allow me room, knowing that I want to put 
my hand on her pussy.  I slip my hand between us, between her 
thighs, and onto her crotch.  My fingers slide up and back over her 
shorts, moving along her pussy, although I can feel very little 
through the material.
	But Julie can feel it and seems to like it.  She burrows her 
face into the crook of my neck, her breath deeper now.  She murmurs 
against my neck and lifts her pussy against my pressing fingers, 
rocking her hips up and down in response.
	Her hand moves from my shoulder to my chest, then slowly 
slides downward.  She slides her hand under my wrist and lays her 
fingers on my prick, which is hard as a rock inside my pants.  I 
groan in pleasure as she wraps her fingers over me and moves her 
hand back and forth along its length.  My erection is stretching the 
fabric tight, pulling it in against my nuts.  It hurts a little, but 
I am so excited by the situation that I ignore it.
	I move my hand to the button of her shorts and manage it 
unfasten it without much trouble.  I tug her zipper down awkwardly, 
then slide my fingers into her shorts but outside her panties.  They 
are of some smooth material like rayon, not cotton like my 
underwear, almost slick under my touch.
	I push my fingers downward past the somewhat lumpy, springy 
patch of pubic hair until I can just touch the top of her notch.  
Her shorts are tight and pressed up into her crotch, so I can go no 
farther easily.  I work my middle finger back and forth, pressing 
into the beginning of her slot.
	Julie moans against my neck.  She raises her upper leg away 
from mine to give me more room.  I push my fingers further until 
they are over her mound.  My middle finger presses inward along the 
shallow depression that I find there.  Julie's panties are damp 
under my hand.  She spreads her legs wide, and rocks her hips 
against my pressing fingers, lifting her butt up when I press 
downward along her slot, then thrusting her hips forward when I pull 
my fingers back, pushing the top of her pussy against them.
	Her hand is jerking up and down on my prick, gripping it 
tightly.  When she pulls up, it forces my pants against my balls, 
and I grunt in pain.
	"Did I hurt you?" Julie asks, alarmed.
	"Not there," I quickly reassure her.  "That feels great.  But 
it's too tight in there for... for other things."
	I can feel her smile.  Julie raises her head and looks down at 
my waist.  She lets go of my prick and moves her hand to my belt.  
She's almost as awkward as I am with her bra, but she finally gets 
my belt loose and begins to unbutton my jeans.  There are six 
buttons, and she slowly works each one free.  I could help, but I'm 
enjoying the feel of her fingers and hand against my prick.
	Finally , Julie has my pants open.  I wriggle and tug on them 
a little to gain some room down there.  She wraps her fingers around 
me again, this time with only my cotton underpants separating her 
fingers from my stiff rod.  She fumbles for a moment at the front, 
finds the front slit, and slides her hot, damp fingers inside and 
onto the bare flesh of my prick.  My breath hisses in between my 
teeth involuntarily.  It is the first time anyone but me has touched 
me there since before I can remember.
	"Like that?" she asks, smiling again.
	"Oh, jeez, yes," I say.
	I return the favor, raising my hand to the waistband of her 
panties and push my fingers under it, slipping them down across her 
pubic hair.  My middle finger finds the top of her notch and then 
slides down along her pussy.  This time it is Julie's breath that 
hisses in.  I move my hand back and forth, rubbing my finger through 
her slit.  It is dry at first, but then the lips part slightly, and 
I feel the slick inner lips.
	I probe with my fingertip and find the entrance to her pussy 
channel.  I roll my middle finger around and around the outer area, 
getting my finger wet with her juices, then I push inward, 
penetrating to the first knuckle.  Gradually, I work my finger 
deeper and deeper.
	Julie has shifted onto her back and spread her legs as wide as 
her shorts will permit to give me maximum access.  I slide my finger 
in and out of her, going a little farther in each time.  Based on my 
limited understanding of female anatomy, I keep expecting to run 
into the flesh wall of her maidenhead, but I never feel a barrier.  
Gradually, my finger probes all the way into her.
	"Oh, golly, Joey," she pants.  "I never thought... I mean... 
oh, jeez, that feels good."
	Julie had let go of me when she changed position.  Now, she 
rolls back onto her side, keeping her upper leg cocked upright so 
that I still have room to fondle her, and slips her hand inside my 
underwear again.  She slides her hand along me, then grips my prick 
in her hot palm, and jacks up and down on it.  It feels a hundred 
times better than when I do it.
	In fact, if she does much more of it, I'm going to cum in my 
pants again.  My breath is ragged and shallow, and so is hers.  
Julie has her head buried against my neck again.  I wonder 
desperately how to tell her that she's going to make me cum if she 
keeps this up.  I don't want to cum like this, but I don't want her 
to stop either.
	Julie solves my problem by raising her head and pulling back 
slightly.  She looks up at me.  It is the first time I have seen a 
woman caught up in passion.  Her eyes are bright but almost closed, 
her mouth slightly open.
	"Let's get undressed and get in bed," she says.  She pulls her 
hand out of my underwear and sits up.  With a little smile, Julie 
crosses her arms and grabs the bottom of her t-shirt, which has slid 
back down over her breasts, and skins it up and over her head.  She 
shrugs her shoulders forward and the bra straps slide off over them. 
She strips it off and tosses it onto the floor with her t-shirt.  
Her firm, young breasts, riding high on her chest and tipped with 
rosy erect nipples, are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen, 
at least in person.
	Julie lies back on the bed, takes hold of her shorts on either 
side, and works them down over her hips, raising her fanny off the 
bed to get them off.  With a quick move, she pushes them down her 
legs and off.  She keeps her thighs together, too shy at this age to 
display her most secret parts to me.  Julie rolls over onto her 
knees, pulls down the bed covers, slips in and pulls up the blanket.
	"Come on," she says.  "Aren't you going to join me?"
	I rip my own t-shirt over my head and toss it.  Putting my 
feet onto the floor and turning my back to Julie, I quickly strip my 
shorts off.  I reach behind me, lift the covers and quickly slide 
under them with her.
	We turn toward each and wrap our arms and legs around each 
other again.  But this time it is different.  We are both naked 
under the sheets.  Her bare breasts press against my chest, her 
smooth thighs wrap around my leg.  My own thigh presses up between 
them against the dampness of her notch.
	"Did you bring it?" Julie asks, meaning the rubber.
	"Yeah," I say, "it's in my wallet."
	"I think you'd better get it," Julie says.  "I think we're 
going to need it pretty soon."
	I turn my back to her to reach down beside the bed, find my 
shorts and the wallet in the hip pocket, then fumble to extract from 
one of the inner pockets the rubber I bought last week and have 
checked several times each day since then.  I pull it into the bed 
and under the sheet.
	"Can I see it?" Julie asks.  Embarrassed, I pull my hand out 
from under the sheet and turn it over, opening my fingers and 
revealing the foil square that covers the circular shape within.  
Julie takes it from my hand and inspects it, turning it over to 
check both sides.  "Can I put it on you?"
	I'm embarrassed by the very idea, but I sure don't want to 
tell her no.  And, to tell the truth, I haven't thought very much 
about this part of the deed.  "I guess," I say.
	Julie tears open the packet and pulls out the rubber.  She 
puts the piece of foil onto her nightstand.  With her other hand, 
she pushes back the sheet, dragging it down my body and up over the 
tent pole at my middle.
	"Ow, wow," Julie says.  "You look really big.  Will it really 
fit inside me?"
	"How would I know," I say helplessly.  "I've never done this 
before.  All I know is what I've read and what people say."
	"Well," says Julie, continuing to look at my prick, which is 
swelling even more, "I've never heard of someone not being able to do
it, so I guess it'll be okay."  She reaches out with her other hand
and wraps her fingers around me.  My cock surges, swelling against
her grip.
	With her other hand, Julie puts the rubber on the end of my 
prick, and reaches up with the other to hold it in place.  She 
starts to roll it down, then laughs.
	"Oops," she says, "I've got it upside down.  Won't work that 
way!"  She flips the rubber over, centers it on the head of my prick 
again, and begins to roll it down over the head.  Her hand feels 
wonderful.  I don't care if we don't do anything else.  This is 
certainly enough, far better than anything else I've ever seen or 
done.
	Although awkward and inexperienced, Julie does a better job 
than I would have, rolling the rubber down along the length of my 
prick despite the way it jerks and twitches under her fingers.
	"There," she says.  She lays back and looks at me.
	"Are you ready?" I ask stupidly.  "Do you want me to..."
	"Yes," she smiles.  "I'm ready.  I want you to do it to me 
now, Joey.  I want you to... to fuck me.  Now, please."
	I rise up onto my hands and knees, keeping the sheet across my 
back, and wobble my way between her legs.  Julie drops the nearest 
knee toward the bed to help me.  I get my knees between hers and 
position myself as best I can.  I lower myself onto her and kiss her 
passionately.
	"Oh, god, Julie," I say, "I can't tell you how much I've 
wanted to do this to you.  I dream about it every night."
	"Me, too," she says.  "And it's better than I imagined.  I 
never thought I'd feel so... horny.  Come on, Joey.  Do it."
	I fumble between us, grip my rubber-clad prick in my hand and 
press forward.
	"Not there," Julie says.  "Lower."
	It's hard to tell what I'm feeling through the rubber.  I seem 
to be between the lips of her pussy, but the end of my prick is 
pressing against solid flesh with no hint of a hole.  I push my 
prick downward, sliding it through her wet pussy lips.  Just when I 
begin to think I've missed the entrance and am ready to pull back 
and try again, I feel the head slip into a shallow depression.
	"Yes," says Julie.  "There."
	Knowing the first time can be painful, I press forward very 
slowly.  The feeling is incredible, indescribable.  The head of my 
prick burrows slowly into a tight, warm, slick passage that grips me 
and yields reluctantly.  Julie is making little cries from deep in 
her throat.  Her arms are thrown around my neck, her eyes squeezed 
tight, her lips open and pulled into a silent oh.  My prick is about 
an inch inside her.
	"Does it hurt?" I ask.
	"Oh, god, no," Julie says.  "I mean, a little, but not bad.  
Don't stop.  Put it in me, Joey.  Go slow, but keep going.  It hurts 
a little, but it feels so good at the same time.  I want it.  
Please."
	I want it, too.  The feel of her tight flesh envelope slowly 
sliding up around my prick is impossibly good.  Nothing has ever 
felt like this.  I press forward gradually, but it's very tight and 
getting harder to penetrate.  Instinctively, I pull back slightly 
and then press forward again, finding it easier.  I rock back and 
forth, slipping a little deeper with each forward move.
	"Ohhhhh," Julie moans, "oh, Joey!"  I am about half way in 
her.  I want to shove forward and bury myself in her in one 
convulsive move, but I know I shouldn't.  And Julie seems to be 
enjoying what I'm doing.  I push forward a little bit more and feel 
Julie wince beneath me.
	"What's the matter?" I ask, alarmed.  "Is it okay?"
	"Yes," Julie says, "just wait a second.  It's okay, but I 
think you just found my cherry."
	I wait above her on trembling arms, my prick buried halfway in 
her tight channel, afraid to press on and desperate not to pull 
back.  I am just barely in command of myself enough to hang there, 
waiting.
	"What should I do?" I ask, praying inside that Julie won't 
change her mind and ask me to pull out of her.  I'm slowly rocking 
back and forth, going no deeper, but moving in and out slightly.
	"Go ahead," Julie says.  "Do it.  It'll hurt a little they 
say, but it's soon over, and it's better if you do it quick."
	I've read that, too.  I rock back and forth a few more times, 
making sure my dick is well coated in her juices.  Then I snap my 
hips forward, plunging most of the way into Julie's tight channel.
	"Ahhhh!" she cries, and I freeze, afraid I've hurt her badly. 
But Julie takes a deep breath, lets it out slowly, and then smiles 
up at my worried face.  "It didn't hurt as much as I expected," she 
says, "or at least not how I expected.  I think it's okay now.  
Please.  I want you all the way in me.  Go ahead.  Please."
	I'm already almost all the way in, and the rest is easy.  I 
feel my prick slide deep into her, feel her pussy lips as they slide 
up my prick, feel her mound touch and then press against mine.  I'm 
in, all the way in.  We hug each other tightly and kiss deeply and 
passionately, Julie wrapped tightly around me, my pelvis thrust 
forward to bury myself in her as deeply as possible.
	Slowly, I pull back and slide part way out, then push back in 
again.  After a few times, Julie begins to match my moves, pressing 
her hips into the bed when I pull back, which makes my prick slide 
faster and farther out, then lifting her hips and spreading her legs 
to welcome me into her when I push forward again.
	Gradually, we pick up speed and soon we are flying, shoving in 
and out rapidly.  After a few moments of this, I know I'm going to 
cum soon.
	"Oh, jeez, Julie, that feels so good!" I cry.  "I'm gonna... 
I'm gonna do it... oh, god, baby... I'm gonna..."
	"Yes," she hisses in my ear.  "Yes!  Do it, Joey.  Come on, 
honey.  Shoot it in me.  Come on!  I want it, baby.  I want you to 
cum in me.  Shoot it!  Do it!"
	The fact that Julie is eager for it, wants me to cum inside 
her tight, clinging pussy only adds to my excitement.  She is 
gripping at me with her thighs.  She raises her legs high and 
crosses them behind my back, using her heels to goad me, urge me 
into her.  I slam my prick in and out of her pussy, feeling my cum 
start deep in my balls, rising, rising, almost there, rising, and 
then bursting open.
	"Ahhhhhhh!" I cry.  "I'm cumming!  Ahhhh!  Ahhhh!"
	"Yes, baby," Julie cries with me.  "Yes!  Cum, baby.  Come on! 
Give it to me.  Give me my first cum, baby.  Shoot it!"
	 My cum explodes out of me, bursting out of my body and into 
hers, jetting into something other than open air for the first time 
in my life.  Julie is very excited, thrusting her hips up against me 
to take me as deeply into her as possible, grinding her pelvis 
against mine.
	"Yes, yes, baby!" she cries.  "That's it!  Cum in me!  Oh, 
yes!"


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Getting Started' by Titmouse.
Story 17

Author's Note:

Wonder of wonders -- a straight sex story!  I did actually make love to
a virgin once, but that was in college.  I came close once in high
but (Thank God!) was unable to because neither of us had any concept
of preparation.  She was dry as a desert, and we quit after several
fumbling, mutually painful attempts at penetration.  I did have a
rubber.  I'm sure it would have shredded to pieces if we'd succeeded.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
