Jay felt Amy's bare legs up to her short skirt. They were both reading the college economics textbook assignment. Jay's mind, of course, was making little sense of the words on the page. He was reveling in the sensuous feel of Amy's incredible legs. His erection was working overtime, since he hoped, as he had hoped on other study sessions, to get lucky that night.

Amy's roommate Trish had been engrossed in reading from her laptop on her makeshift desk. She suddenly gasped audibly. Amy calmly turned toward her roommate and said, "What is it, Trish? More history reading than you thought?"

Trish giggled and said, "No, I was reading something else." Then, almost under her breath, whispered, "Oh my gosh!"

"Hey Amy," Trish called out, "Do you know that some guys eat a girl's pussy after they screw?"

Jay's heart suddenly raced. He felt Amy's leg muscles momentarily tighten. Trish continued, "Does Jay ever do that with you?"

"Trish, for heaven's sake! What is it with these questions?"

"I think it would be cool to know if he did," Trish said. "I'd love to see a guy lap up his own cum and swallow! That would be so sexy!"

Jay's cock stirred, and he didn't know why. On one hand, there was Amy's roommate, openly discussing kinky sex, and he and Amy had not gotten to having intercourse. Every time he was with her, he wished for an opportunity. On the other hand, Trish was talking about something that was disturbing - or, he thought, should be. The idea had a strange, primal mystique.

Amy noticed Jay's fidgeting, and his stiff boner in his pants. She had to admit that her own pussy felt creamy, and she felt a strange curiosity. In an almost shaky voice, she asked, "Trish, what else does it say?"

"Let's see... the guy is usually more willing to do that before he cums rather than after, and that the woman has to make sure he'll follow through. That is, if it's his own cum. Tee-hee! If it's someone else's cum, it's easier. Oh, Amy!"

The atmosphere was sexually charged, and Amy and Jay were breathing hard. She didn't know how to respond to Trish's suggestive conversation. "Trish, I've got to talk to you in the other room. Jay, can you stay here and let me have a few minutes with her?"

The two girls went to Amy's bedroom and closed the door. They talked in whispers.

"Trish, I haven't let Jay screw me yet. What's with the kinky talk?"

"Come on, Amy. I know guys. Did you see how turned on he was? And I know it excites you too. I can see it in your eyes." Trish pressed her knees together and said, "I have an idea how we can have some fun getting Jay to do that. He'll need training before he'll suck your snatch after he sperms in it."

Amy had to admit to herself that she was immensely aroused. "Okay, what's your plan?" she asked skeptically.

Ten minutes later the two girls emerged and sat on either side of Jay, who was nervous by that time.

"Jay," Trish began, "Have you ever done what I was talking about earlier?"

"Oh no, I haven't!"

"Is that something you'd want to do?"

Jay's cock stirred. "No. Yes. I don't know. Maybe."

Then Amy spoke. "Jay - I want you to take all your clothes off and stand in front of me."

"What? Now? Right here?"

"Yes. It's all right. I've seen naked guys before."

Flustered, Jay did as he was asked. Although his erection pointed straight out, he felt all the more insecure since Amy and Trish stayed dressed.

"How long has it been since you spurted?" Trish inquired. When he hesitated, she teased, "You can tell the truth. I know what guys do."

He looked anxiously at Amy, saw her smile, and said, "Uhmm, two days."

Then Trish reached over and lightly palpated his cock with her slender feminine fingers. Jay looked away as his breathing became deeper. Amy joined in and lightly touched his ball sac, adding to the stimulation.

After a few moments, when Jay began to seep pre-cum, Amy removed the cloth belt from her skirt and handed it to Trish.

"Put your hands behind you," Trish directed. Then, with her characteristic alacrity, she quickly tied Jay's hands together with the cloth belt. He was more compliant since his arousal was so high. Amy hiked up her short skirt as high as it would go, showing off her firm, smooth legs.

"Jay," Trish whispered as she began to stroke his cock with her hand, "You're going to cum on her legs. Then you're going to get on your knees and lick up every drop. Will you do that for Amy?"

His cock was doing all his thinking, and he said, "Yes!"

As Trish kept stroking, it was obvious that Jay was quickly approaching the point of no return. Trish slowed the pace to keep him on the edge for a bit.

"You want to spurt on Amy's gorgeous legs, don't you!"

"Oh, yes."

"You'd better ask her for permission."

"Ahh - Amy, may I please, uhm, cum on your legs?"

Amy smiled brightly. "Will you commit to licking up your mess?"

"Oh, yes, Amy!"

"Then you may release."

"Oh God!" he exclaimed as his knees weakened and he began spurting. Trish took care to aim his cock so that every spurt landed on Amy's legs. His ejaculation went on and on while he panted and gasped.

"Wow, that's a good sized load!"

"Tee-hee! He just kept cumming and cumming!" Trish giggled.

Jay looked at the streaks and globs of semen on Amy's legs. Suddenly he didn't feel as ardent about licking up his mess. "Okay," Trish said, "Get on your knees now and lick up the mess you spurted on her beautiful legs." Now he knew why Trish tied his hands. They anticipated his post-ejaculation blues and he was not going to be untied until he followed through. He really didn't feel like licking up his spent seed, but if he wanted a chance to take things further with Amy, he reasoned, he had to do it.

Jay's mind registered the confusion that usually confronts a male whose ejaculation dampens his desire to lick up his spent lust. He slowly knelt in front of Amy's feet and stared at the streaks of cum. When he looked up at Amy and saw her excited eyes, he knew he absolutely had to overcome his reluctance.

"Go ahead, Jay, you can do it," encouraged Trish. "Girls eat cum all the time. Some of them even like it, and are cum-crazy."

He bent down and put his face close to her legs. He had often fantasized about licking her legs, though not with his own (or anyone's) spent semen. He swiped his tongue on one of the splatters of cum. He made a distasteful face.

Amy and Trish both giggled. "All of it, Jay," Amy ordered. "Trish, isn't this sexy?!"

They really think this is sexy, he mused to himself. He attacked the other spurts and streaks, and in a matter of a couple of minutes, he had ingested and swallowed his complete emission.

"Oh my gosh, Jay, that was good!" Trish exclaimed. "My pussy is so hot from that!"

Amy goggled, "You're going to have to take care of that yourself, Trish. Jay and I are going to my bedroom."

Amy led Jay, naked and with his hands still bound behind him, to her bedroom and closed the door. "Listen, Jay," she began, "When you licked up your cum, that was the most erotic thing I've seen. I never thought I'd say this, but the idea of a guy licking my cunt after he's cum inside me - I can't get it out of my mind. I want to have sex with you - long, sweet, and passionate. And then, after I tell you I'm ready for you to empty your balls inside me, I want you to lick me clean. Every time you cum."

Jay's erection quickly returned with Amy's sensuous words, something she definitely noticed. She continued, "But right now, I'm not convinced that you'll follow through and eat the pie. So tonight, I'm going to release your hands and make you cum on my legs again. When I tell you to lick up your mess, I want you to do it without hesitating, and without question. If I'm convinced that you'll do that with my pussy, I want you to spend the night on Friday - that's three days from now. What's your answer?"

Jay's cock sprang forth. Finally, a chance to get lucky, he told himself.

"Yes, Amy. I really want to experience you. And - and I'll do what you say, as best I can."

She smiled, and removed her short skirt. She cast off her panties and untied his hands, tossing her belt on the floor. "Keep your hands out of the way. I'll do the stimulating."

Then, with an expertise that Jay didn't know existed, Amy used her hands on his shaft and his ball sac in such a way that he ejaculated within a minute. Jay panted, "Amy! Amy!" as his cock spurted with an intensity borne of a woman's sensual touch.

Amy spread her legs, giving Jay a glimpse of what was in store for him in a few days if he performed well. "Get on your knees, Jay, and lick up every drop of your sperm," she commanded.

When he began to lick, she became louder. "Oh yes, Jay, lick it up! See my hot pussy? Lick up all your cum from my legs! It feels so good!"

Muffled gasps of feminine orgasm came from the next room, and Amy smiled. "That was good, Jay. Come over after classes on Friday. And, no release before that!" She gave him a lengthy kiss, and told him to get dressed.

After Jay left, Amy removed her top and got on her bed. Trish, her hips bare from having discarded her shorts, walked in. "Oh my God, Amy, listening to that was hot!" She removed the rest of her clothes and lay on top of Amy. They exchanged a few tender kisses, and Amy said, "I need some attention down there."

Trish firmly planted her mouth on Amy's hot pussy, and licked up her profuse nectar. "Mmmm," she said, "sometime I wouldn't mind licking up your creampie." Amy surrendered to a bed-shaking orgasm.

Friday came slowly for Jay, who anticipated the evening with an almost constant boner. He went to Amy's and Trish's place, and they ordered a pizza. During dinner none of them said much. The forthcoming event was on everyone's mind. After some small talk, Amy took Jay by the hand and led him to her room.

"Are you prepared to spend the night?" she asked.

"Yes, Amy," he said as he lightly kissed her.

"Remember what I said the other day? We're going to fuck - long, slow, and sweet. I want to feel you inside me for a while before you spurt. When I tell you I'm ready, then you'll spill it inside me and then lick me clean."

He looked at her bright smile. "Yes," he whispered, "I want to give you pleasure." His boner was about to split his pants.

"Do you commit to licking up your sperm after you fuck my pussy?"

"Yes!" came a throaty whisper.

She looked at his obvious discomfort and giggled. "Let's get undressed."

Jay's clothes were off in under a minute, while Amy slowly and teasingly removed her clothing. They fell to the bed and kissed passionately. He finally broke away and moved down to inhale her pussy scent. She knew that he liked her scent.

"Jay - I want you to enter me now. It's okay if you have to keep still to avoid cumming."

Amy's pussy was fully lubricating then, and he easily penetrated her. He went in all the way, and they lay front to front. "Oh, God, Amy, that feels good!"

"I like the feeling too, Jay. Fuck me - make it last, and try to hold off until I tell you."

Several times over the next ten minutes, Jay was agonizingly close to ejaculating. He stopped thrusting, and Amy obviously enjoyed the feeling of Jay's cock inside her.

"Jay... You may cum inside me now," she whispered. He immediately began to pump vigorously. It didn't take one minute for him to begin to spurt wildly inside Amy's sweet pussy. She twisted and squirmed under him as his hardened member sent jets of sticky cream inside her.

As soon as he finished spurting, Amy instructed, "Quick, Jay. Get down there and get started!"

Still hungry for the intimate connection with her, he pulled out and approached her messy pussy. The blues hadn't completely overtaken, which made it easier for him. He licked several times on the outside of her cunt, and was pleased at the way she moved her hips. He held on, and probed his tongue inside her. Amy moaned aloud, and a moment later, climaxed. Jay kept going, alternating probing licks with ardent kisses squarely on her pussy. He was surprised at the amount of sperm his throbbing and pulsing member had ejected inside her. He swallowed several times, and Amy let herself surrender to more orgasms. Jay loved the way she twisted and wiggled her hips during orgasm.

They cuddled, and soon their arousal took over. Jay entered Amy again and told her how good it felt. They had long, passionate intercourse before Jay's cock could stand it no more and erupted inside Amy's welcoming pussy.

She had him lie back and she straddled his mouth. More profuse sperm mixed with Amy's nectar flowed forth, and Jay had swallowed twice before Amy crested. She had him keep going through another of her body-shaking orgasms, and then they slept.

After a couple of hours, Amy got on top of Jay and stimulated him until he was erect. Then she rode his cock, slowly and steadily, until he thrashed about in orgasmic convulsions.

"Jay," Amy whispered, "Go get Trish and bring her here. Go as you are."

He hesitated for a moment, but when a guy is asked to bring another girl into the game, the hesitation vanishes quickly. When Trish and Jay came back, Amy was on the bed with her legs spread. "Trish, do you want some of this?"

While Jay stood by and watched, Trish immediately got between Amy's legs and licked her freshly spermed pussy. Amy twisted and moaned as Trish became a more aggressive oral extractress, and surrendered to two raucous orgasms.

Jay had never seen two women engage each other before, and his cock hungrily stood out.

Trish was almost crazy with arousal and said, "It's my turn to cum, Amy." She got ready to settle her aroused pussy on Amy's mouth, when Amy said, "Wait. I want to know what it's like. Jay, would you mind giving Trish some cream so I can lick her pussy?"

Jay's fourth ejaculation of the night was the most intense one he had experienced, and his cock pulsed and throbbed inside Trish as he ejected every last drop of sperm into her. Then he watched Amy apply her mouth to Trish's pussy. When Trish crested, the way she moved had an immediate effect on Jay's cock, even though he was drained.

The three of them got in Amy's bed. As the girls slept, one on each side of him, Jay's cock pointed skyward. How am I going to get any sleep now, he asked himself.

-----
This story is copyright 2012 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
