Kara's so helpful
by littl1p

Part 1:

Even though she missed her friends, Kara was excited to meet some brand-new ones at her new school. In her first 4 days she had already met so many potential friends, maybe even new Best friends. That was one her favorite things in life, having good friends, making them happy, and just hanging out. She had been told a few times, that she often goes to far to ensure her friends are pleased. In her mind there was no such thing. A friend is there to bring you joy, so you do what you can to bring them even more joy.

Yesterday was Kara's second day of swim practice and she had made a new connection. Stacy was another senior on the team who she met on the first day and seemed really sweet and funny. Kara could tell they were going to be great friends before long. She even had been given the chance to help her Carry some equipment from the girls locker room to the coach's office. Being helpful is the first step to being a good friend, Kara thought. Though she did wish helping her didn't have to be so embarrassing.

Practice had just ended and Kara was getting changed. She had just removed her bathing suit, dried off and put on her bra, thongs and t shirt. As she was about to reach for her pants, she heard her new friend yell for her, "hey! new girl". Kara ran to find her in her shirt and panties to see what she needed. She didn't see her in the main locker room, she had to go to the end of the lockers where there was another door leading to a small room, She still didn't see her. Kara yelled "where are you?" She heard another yell from the opposite door, "I'm in the storage area" Stacy was holding some equipment and nodded her head toward some more things sitting on a bench. "Help me carry this stuff to Coach's office", she said not really looking at Kara. Kara tried to hide her excitement at the opportunity to help. She said, "can I finish getting dressed first or are you in a hurry". Stacy said sarcastically, " no I need it done now, no time for clothes". Then she walked out chuckling to herself.

She was going to wait outside the door so she could show Kara where to go, expecting her to be out in a couple of minutes after getting dressed. She was surprised, as the door opened just a few seconds after it closed. She was shocked, as out of that door walked the new girl carrying the equipment...wearing only a tight fitting baby blue t-shirt and a light yellow thong with a little sunflower on the front. Oh, and a pretty red face. This was totally unexpected but it lit a flame in Stacy that hadn't been there since she and her friends had pantsed that guy Jake with the tiny dick. She had felt so alive watching as all the girls pointed and laughed at Jake. She thought it may be a once in a lifetime event to feel that type of thrill. After all it wasn't like she just went out looking for people to embarrass, Jake deserved what he got for being a jerk, his tiny button was icing on the cake. Here was a girl so eager to be her friend that she completely ignored the fact she was showing her cheeks to anyone looking. The thong outlined and hugged her up front so well you could see the slight indent of the slit going down the middle. Stacy held back her smile and turned around saying, "this way"

Kara just knew she wanted Stacy to know she could count on her to be there anytime. When she heard her say,"no time for clothes" she was surprised but thought this must be important and assumed the Coach's office was attached to the locker room . Without really thinking she picked up the stuff and walked out the door so she didn't get left behind. When the door closed behind her it really sunk in what she had just done. That door led straight into the gym. It wasn't embarrassing to be in the locker room in a thong, but now she was in the gym, where she saw at least 5 or 6 guys and some other girls walking around.

She saw Stacy staring at her, then saw her turn and start walking. She tried to think only about how she was helping her new friend and this could lead to Stacy asking her to hang out, but it was hard to focus on that when she could feel the cold air from the ac blowing on her backside and legs. She heard the talking in the gym stop and heard some people saying things like "whoa" and even heard a guy say, "check out that ass". She was too embarrassed by now to look in their direction. She started walking a little faster and got in front of Stacy even though she didn't know for sure where they were going. The more she walked, the more she felt the embarrassment building.

Stacy up til this point had only seen the front view, but now had a great view from behind. She thought, " Wow, if there was a vote for best ass on the team, she wins by a landslide". Kara's butt was the perfect bubbly butt, 2 perfectly round cheeks sitting at the top of her muscular legs. It was the kind of butt where the thong disappeared. Watching it jiggle as she walked only intensified the desire to see how far she could get this girl to go. She could tell by how red her face was she was very embarrassed and probably was regretting her decision.

They delivered the equipment and headed back to the locker room, but Stacy wanted to test the waters. With quick thinking, she stopped and said, "OH NO!, I think my contact lens fell out when I rubbed my eye". She said, "Kara can you help me look for it". Kara just wanted to get back and get some pants on but, she couldn't leave Stacy unable to see. Stacy was already on her hands and knees crawling around. Kara kind of bent over slightly and was looking around. Stacy looked up at her with her best pleading please help face and said, " come down her you wont be able to see from up there.

So reluctantly Kara got down on her hands and knees painfully aware that in that position her butt was on display in a more embarrassing way. Stacy took it one step further. "I'm afraid it went under those bleachers, can you see if its under there since I'm half blind". Kara without thinking again bent over further pressing her cheek to the floor and looked under the bleachers. She looked like she was presenting her amazing bubble butt to what she had not realized til now was a small crowd all staring in awe. The way she was bent over made her butt cheeks spread apart enough that you could see the underside of her thong covered vagina. She didn't see a contact, but she could feel her entire body blushing as she turned around and saw the onlookers gawking at her. In spite of that she was about to tell Stacy the bad news that she couldn't find it, when Stacy said, "oh it was stuck to my finger, got it back in, thanks for looking though".
Kara got back up and forced a smile because smiles win friends, and said, " no problem" and quickly walked back into the locker room to put on her pants.

Stacy was waiting for her when she walked out and they walked together out to the parking lot. As they parted ways, Stacy said, "see ya tomorrow, you're a good friend". Kara's eyes lit up! Those were magical words to her. The thought of what had just happened completely left her mind as she walked away in glee over making a new friend.
Stacy walked away in glee as well, but for a different reason. She had already started thinking of a plan and would spend the night getting it together. As sweet and cute as Kara was, she couldn't pass up this opportunity. If her plan worked, this would be even better than what happened with Jake. He had only been seen pants down for about 10 seconds. If all went well Kara would be fully nude and it would look like her own decision.

Time to plan.


Part 2

One week had past since the incident. Kara was now friends with Stacy and through her had become friends with Elly and Beth. She hung out with them a few times and was excited that she was building what she just knew would be a best friend group. She had almost completely put the embarrassing "Booty show" as Stacy had called it, out of her memory.

They were wrapping up swim practice when she over heard Stacy talking about hanging a banner from the walk way in the main entrance of the cafeteria. The cafeteria was on the first floor and you could look down into it from the walk way that surrounded it on the second floor. At the end of the cafeteria a bridge crossed over, connecting the walkways, which is where Stacy was hanging the banner.

*****

As they hit the showers, Stacy made sure to continue talking loudly to Elly and Beth about how much she would love them if they could help her. Of course Kara jumped at the chance to be helpful and almost yelled, "I can help!". She was giddy and started bouncing up and down waiting for Stacy to reply. Being that she was in the shower, her perfectly shaped perky B cups were bobbing up and down as Stacy turned to answer her.

*****

Stacy was smiling as she talked to her friends knowing what it was doing to Kara. When she heard the expected overly excited offer from Kara she turned around to answer. She was not really into girls at all but she couldn't deny seeing Kara's toned naked body as she bounced like a cute puppy, made her feel a slight tingle. She said, "nah Kara I think us 3 can get it". Then she turned back to rinse off the soap from her also naked body and let the grin spread across her face.
The bait was set, now all she had to do was get dressed while Kara was still in the shower. She quickly pulled her wet hair into a bun and threw on her bra, panties and a cute sundress. Elly and Beth came out at the same time as her but only Elly got dressed. Beth stayed in her towel and slid on her swim suit under it but left the straps off her shoulders just incase her towel fell off.

Stacy ran and grabbed the banner which was fairly heavy but could be carried by one person. She had Beth grab the ropes and they waited by the edge of the showers for Kara to come out. When she came around the corner in only her towel with her short blonde hair still wet, Elly went into her part of the script. She stated she wasn't going to be able to help because she had to study some before the next class. That just left Stacy and Beth to try and hang this banner by themselves. Stacy saw the look before anything was said. Kara's cute pouty face brightened up as her smile returned. Stacy started to speak, "Kar.." but was cut off by an abrupt, "YES!!" from Kara. She said, "Ok lets go do this" and turned toward the exit. She rounded the corner and paused to listen to the conversation between Beth and Kara.

Kara was starting to say she would get dressed but Beth threw her one of the ropes and said, "dont worry about it we're both covered by our towels which actually covers more than our swimsuits". Then before she had time to react she looped her arm in Kara's and said, "lets get just get this done" and started walking toward the door.

*****

Kara's body slightly tensed as they walked toward the door in their towels. She said, " shouldn't we get dressed, people will know we are naked under these towels". Beth just smiled and said, "well that makes this more fun and risky doesn't it". Kara didn't know what to say. Was she really about to walk out into her school hallway in only a towel? It seemed very embarrassing but Beth seemed so cool about it. So maybe she should try and be cool too. Kara relaxed her body a bit and started walking more freely with Beth.

They walked through the door into the gym where only last week she had shown off some of her assets. She immediately felt the cool breeze hit her legs and shoulders, then right up between her legs. She could definitely feel her nakedness under the towel. She felt every part of the towel touching her, she was super aware as if her skin was suddenly hyper sensitive. Her wet body starting to get slightly colder by the minute she felt her nipples rubbing against the towel and could tell they were hard as they could be from the chill and nervousness. Goosebumps covered her body as she walked. She glanced around and was glad to see only a few people, who weren't even paying attention to her walking by.

As they walked she noticed for the first time just how short her towel was in the reflection of a window. Her eyes widened as she saw just the slightest glimpse of the bottom of what she referred to as her "lips". They were walking head on toward the window so she was seeing what anyone would if they were directly in front of her. She quickly reached back to see how much of her back side was visible and her fingers touch about an inch of the underside of her bubble butt cheeks before they reached towel. Only one arm was free since Beth had the other locked in her own. She quickly gave a slight tug without thinking and accomplished what she wanted...well partially. She was able to cover her crotch and the little bit of her butt, but 2 other things happened as a result. She was now showing about 2 inches of cleavage up top. The other unintended and unfortunate thing was her towel loosened a little. It wasn't falling off or anything but it definitely wasn't as snug as it had been.

They were about to round the corner where she wouldn't be able to see her reflection anymore so she was looking herself up and down making sure she was still covered as much as possible. That's when she the 2 boys standing off to her right pointing at her and laughing. How much had they seen?

They turned at the end of the hall into the cafeteria. An instant rush of heat covered her body as she changed from her pale white skin to a cute shade of pink all over. Where she had seen only a few people in the gym, she wasn't so lucky in the cafeteria. She glanced around and saw at least 10-15 guys and girls spread about in there own little cliché's. The bell would be ringing soon and more and more students would be pouring into the hallways. Her thoughts of regret were halted when Beth stopped walking and looked up as Stacy went up the steps. She disappeared at the top then Kara heard her yelling from the bridge above them,"Ok Beth you bring the rope up and drop it down to Kara".

Beth went up to join her on the bridge leaving Kara on the main floor by herself...in nothing but a towel! Kara's eyes were darting around as she started noticing groups of students pointing and whispering about her. Her fear of them immediately knowing she was nude under there was true. It looked like some were even getting closer. The blushing started to intensify as once again she became super aware of the towel on her erect nipples and the breeze from the ac chilling her freshly shaven princess(her own little nickname). Just then Beth called out, "here it comes" and one end of the rope dropped down in front of her right above head level.

She couldn't see them up there but Stacy yelled the plan down to her. It seemed incredibly stupid and dangerous. She would hold that end of the rope while Stacy tied the other around her waist to hang over the outside of the banister and tie the bottom edge of the sign. Beth would hold the sign in place. Kara yelled up her concerns about the safety of this, but was ignored. She saw the rope wiggling which she assumed was Stacy tying it around her waist then was told to grab on and hold on tight. She grabbed the rope were it was at head level and was immediately aware that her first reaching motion had lifted her towel slightly. Luckily she had pulled it down some earlier or she may have shown her princess.

All of a sudden she felt the rope get tight and started to feel it pulling up. Stacy must have went over the side and was lowering down. The problem was, now as it got harder to hold she had to raise her arms. The rope continued up until Kara was on tip toe and was scared the if it went much higher she would drop her friend. She was now fully extended arms above her head standing on her tippy toes and luckily the rope seemed to stop rising. the unlucky part was now she couldn't tell but she definitely felt as though the very bottom of her lips and butt may be visible. She wanted to cover so bad but felt a new need to hold on tighter as Stacy yelled, "ok I'm in place, just hold what ya got".

A small crowd was starting to gather around as guys and girls alike started realizing just how much skin this new girl was showing. Her long muscular legs were completely exposed, all the way up to...wait was that...no way...wait if you bend down just a little...you could definitely see something under the towel, if only she wasn't squeezing her knees together so hard. Then she was surprised to see Beth come walking down the steps. Kara screamed, "you cant leave her up there hanging by herself!!" Beth said, "she sent me down to help you hold the rope. Just then before Beth even made it all the way down the steps Kara felt something that sent shivers down her spine. Her towel started to loosen. Her eyes wide in panic she yelled, "Beth! grab my towel!". Then Beth wanting to be a "helpful friend" did just what she was asked to do. She reached out and grabbed the towel...off of Kara's trembling naked body.

Kara didn't even know how to react. She wanted to scream. She wanted to let go of the rope and cover up, but she was still aware enough to know Stacy's safety was at stake. With deer in the headlights eyes and mouth wide open her scream came out as more of this cute little sqeak. She looked around, then down at her nudity as much as she could then back at the now sea of faces all in shock, pointing, laughing, covering their mouths.

She was standing completely naked, with arms overhead causing her magnificently perky boobs to lift up even higher. She was so shocked she had forgotten to even clamp her knees together. Her absolutely beautiful pussy was on full display, especially since she had shaved it completely bald just last night. From behind her adorable bubble but was holding the crowd in awe while also making them laugh as she struggled to hold her balance on her toes. She stood completely exposed in shock for literally a minute and a half, hearing the laughs, the whistles, the compliments, and everything else that helped drive home that she was nude in the middle of school.

She finally snapped out of it and looked over at Beth and pleaded for her to give her towel back. Beth was standing enjoying the show, but slowly walked over to her. "I thought you told me to grab your towel" Beth said. Kara looked at her with her big puppy dog eyes and said, "I meant to help hold it on". Beth played her part of "oh I misunderstood what you said" so well Kara was having trouble being mad.

The fact still remained Kara was showing her entire naked body to her peers. Beth started "trying" to wrap the towel back around Kara. It was just so hard to get it to stay on. After another minute of exposure she had the towel around her but it was still split at the bottom. When Beth pulled it closed it opened the top exposing her boobs again, then fell off once more. Just then Kara heard something amongst the laughter that confused her. Stacy's voice and laughter but it sounded close. She looked to her right and saw her standing where Beth had been seconds before.

*****

Fully naked and exposed Kara looked at Stacy, and said "wait..how..why are you?!". Stacy while still laughing said, " I was able to tie off the middle of the rope up there and still have enough for me to hang over the side. I yelled down but I guess you were to busy flashing everyone to pay attention." Stacy had not yelled anything but knew the laughter was loud enough that her lie would stick. Just like, Beth she hadn't expected it to work out this well. She assumed when Beth came down the steps, Kara would have made her take over holding the rope and kept herself covered. Kara's gullible, loveable, desire to keep her friend safe had taken this plan into hyper drive, resulting in this incredibly gorgeous, fit, swimmer body to be fully shown with no cover at all. Stacy also realized Kara was not thinking straight and was still holding the rope letting everyone get fully unblocked view of her perfectly shaped tits, pussy and gloriously round back side.

Stacy was evil, but only mostly evil. She started feeling bad even though she was enjoying the show. She walked over the wrapped the towel around Kara's body, saying "you know you can put your arms down now". Kara put her arms down and immediately started walking toward the locker room. Stacy had to jog to catch up to her. She said "wow that must have been embarrassing with everyone seeing your...well everything" Kara nodded and said, "I cant' believe that just happened"

As they got back into the locker room Stacy stopped Kara and hugged her, saying I'm sorry you didn't hear me tell you to let go of the rope" , but look at it this way, your body is literally a perfect 10 and I'm sure you will have no problems getting a date after this" That surprisingly got a small smile out of Kara, who said " you really think my body is ok?" Stacy hugged her tighter and said "girl almost every guy we past on the way down here had a tent in his pants." That produce a small chuckle out of Kara.

The event was talked about for weeks and Stacy, Beth and Elly were all quick to pounce on anyone that tried to make fun of her in anyway. What started as a mean prank ended in an actual friendship as Kara luckily was quick to get over the embarrassment.

Stacy just hoped she never found out they exposed her on purpose.

