Nobody Home
by anonenffan

Her hand trembled as she reached for the doorknob of her room.  She could feel her heart race as she pushed it open.

“Nobody’s home,” she reminded herself.

Her leg shook a little as she stepped out of her room.  The brunette was wearing nothing but a blush on her face.

She had a simple goal.  To be outside of her room, completely naked.  It was entirely normal to be naked in the bathroom, or her own bedroom.  But the thought of her being out of either room, without even holding a towel, sent a little tingle through her body.

Soon she was passed her own doorway, and let go of the knob.  It was official, she was out of the room.

“I… I did it.”  She said with a small smile.

She couldn’t tell herself exactly why she was doing this.  But she also couldn’t explain why she was nervous.  Her roommate was away, likely out shopping.  She had the house to herself.  Her eyes found a set of stairs by her room.

This was further than the original plan.  Everything was meant to be brief.  But there was a little thumping in the brunette’s chest and a small, but noticeable tingle between the legs.  Instead of thinking to sprint back into the privacy of her room and grabbing the nearest pair of panties, she continued looking at the stairs.

“M-maybe just a little further.  To the living room and back.”  She said to herself.

The naked woman took a deep breath and approached the set of stairs.  One arm covered her breasts, as the other handled the rail on the way down.  Her breasts had a subtle bounce, as did her behind as she went down.

Whether it was some crazy idea from her friends or her own curiosity, soon the meek woman found her way at the bottom of the stairs.  She was acutely aware of every inch of her exposed body.

Finally, her bare feet made contact with the living room floor of the house.  She was now quite a bit further from her clothes than she was before.  That thought alone gave her a tingle.

She was about ready to run back up the stairs, but she thought more and more about this experience.  How often did she have the house to herself?  How often would she be able to do this?

“I… I can explore… a little bit more.”  She said as she took a lower stance as she was sneaking around.  The brunette crouched, and got close to the wall, hiding under the window.  While she didn’t know if anyone was outside, it was better safe than sorry.  She tried her best not to cover herself, but resisting that urge was difficult with the window to the outside world only inches above her.

Once she was clear of the window, she walked upright and quickly made her way towards the kitchen.  She walked on the cold tile floor, and put her hands behind her back, leaving her exposed to the room.

This was a little more dangerous now.  If her roommate came home, there’d be no quick path back up the stairs.  But she convinced herself that this was fine.  Her roommate was never a very fast shopper, preferring to browse a lot.

So she took a few steps forward, thinking to explore her kitchen.  She was now even further from easily accessible clothing.  She didn’t even know if they had an apron.

The brunette made her way towards the fridge and pulled the door open.  She gasped as the chilling air washed over her naked body.  Her blush never quite calmed down, and now the cold air was stimulating her nipples.  She was quite aroused now.

Shutting the refrigerator door, she felt the need to sit for a moment and walked towards the kitchen table.  Pulling the chair out, she sat down and gasped.

It was a simple wooden chair.  But she had never sat on it without anything covering her before.  The wood was cold, and that by itself sent a tingle up her spine.  She smiled, as she looked at her breasts.

“This… is kind of fun,” she admitted out loud.

Now her little game had gotten her excited.  The arousal was dulling her fear, as she stood up.  She smiled, and shook her naked body, making her breasts and butt jiggle freely.  It was time to step things up.

She walked out of the kitchen and passed the front door.  If that front door opened now, she could only imagine the reaction of her roommates.  Would they laugh?  Would they be shocked?  What was she thinking?

The brunette slowly approached the window, and grabbed the curtain, holding it in front of her breasts.  The smooth fabric brushed against her rigid nipples, tingling her a little bit more.  She looked out the window cautiously.

There was only one car in the driveway, and that was her own.  There also didn’t seem to be anyone walking by either.

The brunette blushed profoundly and put her hands over her breasts, and felt them.  She was very aroused now.

She closed her eyes and started to run.  As she darted past the window, she smiled.

“I did it!  I did it!  I can’t believe I’m doing this!”  She said with a playful giggle.  Her breasts were allowed to bounce freely when she cleared the window.

Her indoor streak was very thrilling to her, as she felt a little bit of moisture between her legs.  She stopped when she realized she was in the main living room now.

To her right, was a small, bright red couch.  In front of the couch was a table, and in front of that, was the T.V.

“I gotta try this…”  She said as she took a seat on the soft couch.

The brunette sank into the cushions some.  The material brushed and made contact with her skin, touching only the edge of a sensitive area.

“Ohh….” She moaned quietly.  It was tempting to merely rock her hips against the cushion, but she didn’t.  Instead, she laid back and put her feet up on the table, legs spread open.

Her body was open and exposed to the room.  This was some of the most fun she ever had, and even though her blush never faded, she was wearing a smile now.

The brunette and laid back, starting to think.  What would her friends say?  What if that door opened right now?  She could only manage to cringe at the thought, but couldn’t will herself to close her legs.

“That won’t happen.”  She said.  Her smile returned as she stood up.  “Because nobody’s home!  I can be naked all I want!”

She stepped clear of the table and began to happily dance.  The brunette never knew such freedom before.  Being home alone was so much more enjoyable without a single thread clinging to her body.

Her breasts jiggled, her butt bounced.  She made no effort to cover herself.  It was a fantastic feeling, making her feel warm between the legs.

Outside, her neighbor was hard at work trimming some hedges, when she glanced up at the window.  Her eyes froze in surprise as she saw her neighbor dancing, completely naked.

The brunette was still happily dancing.  And she was starting to think it was about time to give that warm feeling an answer.  But that all changed when her eyes noticed the living room window.

There stood her neighbor, smiling at her.

The brunette’s heart skipped a beat.  The house wasn’t as private as she thought.

The neighbor began to slowly wave at her, causing a bit of panic for the brunette.

“Oh my god!”  She said, as her hands suddenly found their way to her breasts and between her legs.  She turned and started to run for the stairs.  “I’ve been seen!  I’ve been seen!  I can’t believe it!  Oh my god!”  She closed her eyes as she ran up the stairs.
