Best Laid Plans (Chapter Six)

The next thing Willow remembered was wondering why she was lying down. Oh yeah - the whole “passing out during the soul anchoring spell thing.” Okay. This must be Angel’s bed and he’d probably laid her on it after...oh gosh! Did it work? It must have. She’d be dead if it hadn’t. Or turned. Either way, she wouldn’t be awake right now. Or if she were, she would be wearing leather and licking him. Oh no. Don’t go there, Willow. It would be much better to think about more important, less naughty things...like: why was her cheek wet?

She opened her eyes. “Mmff...uhh...Angel?

The next thing she knew, she was caught up in a vamp-strength embrace and she figured out why her cheek had been wet: Angel was crying.

“Don’t ever scare me like that again...” He paused. “Thank you.”

“I guess it worked then, huh,” Willow managed to gasp out as all the air was squeezed out of her by Angel’s rather comforting but too strong arms. She could feel him nod against her head, but he made no move to let her go. As much as she hated to rain on the affection parade, she simply had to...kind of a physiological imperative. “Uh, Angel...oxygen?”

As soon as he heard her choke out her plea for breath, Angel let her go and Willow put down her strange, bereft feeling to lightheadedness from her restricted breathing. She decided to ignore the fact that he seemed a bit lost as well.

“Sorry.”

“No, don’t be, really. It’s okay. I mean, hey, I’d be pretty excited too if my soul had just been anchored. Not that mine needs to be, ‘cause I’m not a vampire, but if I were - and I had a soul - I’d be ecstatic to have it anchored.”

He wasn’t crying anymore; he was smiling. She didn’t think she’d ever seen him smile like that, so relaxed and un-broody. It was...neat. Even neater was that this smile was directed at her.

“So, does it feel different? The whole 'anchored' soul as opposed to 'it can go bye-bye any time I have a really good day' soul?”

This time he laughed. Not just the quiet chuckle she’d heard from him in the past, but a full-blown, honest-to-goodness laugh. It was neat, too.

“I forgot how much I missed you and the way you say things, Willow.”

Okay, now she was going to cry.

“You missed me?”

He looked surprised at her question, but then seemed to consider it. His expression grew more thoughtful. “Yeah, I did.”

“Gosh, Angel, that’s so...it’s nice to know that.”

They sat there for a moment, just awkwardly looking at each other. Willow tried desperately to think of what to say next, something to lighten the mood. Something ...anything...

“But to answer your question, my soul, yeah, it feels different.”

Yay, Angel. Thanks for saving the day. Willow was so grateful to him right now. She decided to return the favour.

“How? How is it different? How does it feel to know the difference between having a soul and not having a soul and then having it anchored? I mean, I’ve never thought about what having my soul feels like. I’ve always had a soul and as far as I know, it’s permanent, although maybe not...hmmm...I wonder if that’s why...but this is about you and your soul, so...what makes it feel anchored now? Is the demon gone? Is it blended with you more? Can you still feel it? What’s it like?”

And once again, babbling had left her slightly short of breath. This was getting worrying. Were there exercises she could do? Vitamins she could take? How could you be too out of shape to babble?

There was more laughter and then there was that smile again. Willow was really starting to like that smile. Really, really starting to like that smile. He reached out and ruffled her hair. That was nice. He glanced away for a moment and got that contemplative look.

“It’s hard to explain. It’s just...it doesn’t feel as...maybe once it’s been like this a little longer, I’ll be able to put it into words, but...it’s...more there. But at the same time, it’s less...I don’t know...” He chuckled, a bit embarrassed. “I think you’re starting to rub off on me. I’m babbling here.”

Despite his slight discomfiture, Angel looked...happy. Willow felt so good about that. It meant that, even though he didn’t fully understand his soul, he knew it was there, he knew it was there...and he knew it would stay. She had done that, she had given him that. It was an amazing feeling. It didn’t give her a sense of arrogance, though - it gave her pride, the good kind of pride. The kind of pride you get from doing something truly worthwhile, like helping build a house for a needy family or something. She’d given Angel the chance for a real life, the kind of life he deserved. A life he could share with the woman he loved. Who was Buffy, of course.

In fact, she was about to say something to Angel about leaving for Sunnydale the moment the sun set again when she heard a strange sound.

“Angel, is this place haunted?”

He looked like a deer caught in the headlights and Willow didn’t quite understand. Then she heard the same noise.

“That sounded an awful lot like...”

“It’s my son,” Angel blurted out.

“Your what? Huh?” Willow could not have heard him correctly. Angel was a vampire, even with a soul they couldn’t have children...could they?

“My son.”

O-kay, she had heard him correctly, but it made a lot less sense than the theory she’d hastily cobbled together about Angel having an alarm that sounded exactly like a squalling infant built to alert him to the sun’s imminent rising or something. How had this happened? Angel had a son? Who was the mother? How had he had s - e - x without losing that soul she’d just anchored? Unless of course, vampires had some other way of making babies. Oh yeah, they did. Only those babies were usually grown-ups themselves and...had Angel turned an infant for some reason?

Willow was so, so confused. Apparently it showed. Without her even asking a single one of her questions, Angel began to answer them.

While the story that emerged was fantastic, to say the least, it was also pretty believable fare for a witch who had dated a werewolf and whose high school was destroyed while she, along with the Slayer and the souled vampire she was sitting here with right now, battled a giant demon snake who also happened to be the town mayor. In short, there was a prophecy (wasn’t there always?), an evil law firm (paging the department of redundancy department), Angel’s resurrected-from-the-dust sire (sheesh, was everyone raising the dead nowadays?), and a spell or two. Put them all together and “hey presto” - you’ve got an absolutely human child with two vampires for parents. Once again: O-kay. At least his name was something normal. Connor wasn’t likely to get teased nearly as much as a kid with a gothic, vampy name like Gervais or Angel Junior or something like that.

“Would you like to see him?”

That last question was spoken so softly that Willow almost didn’t hear it through the noise of the wheels turning in her head as she struggled to get a grip on all she’d been told and figure out how she was going to help Angel break the news to Buffy. But when it registered, she felt awfully honoured. He wanted her to see his son.

“Sure, I would love to meet Connor.”

Angel got up from the bed before her and then helped her to her feet. Neither of them spoke as they made their way to Willow’s first meeting with Angel’s son. Angel’s son. Wow, what a shock. A good shock, but still... No wonder she was so uncharacteristically quiet. What, if anything, should she say to Angel anyway? She just hoped he didn’t think she was disapproving or judgmental about Connor or anything like that. Because, oddly, she wasn’t. After all, it wasn’t like Buffy hadn’t had another boyfriend since she and Angel had been forced to part. Heck, she’d even had a one-night stand with Parker the Poophead. So really, what was so wrong with Angel having found a little solace? Yeah, a son was a little bit surprising, but unintended pregnancies happened all the time. Maybe not to vampires, but still... Buffy would just have to deal with this. If she really loved Angel, she’d love his son, too.

Before she knew it, they were in the nursery, the silence still unbroken. Which was good, because right now Willow would have lost her ability to speak anyway. There he was - Connor - cradled in Lorne’s arms while he sang to the baby, and at that very moment Willow knew that she’d be begging Buffy to let her babysit...every night...without pay.

What was going on? She had never really been that fond of babies before. Oh sure, she’d had vague, hypothetical conversations about having children “someday” with Oz, and even with Tara, but it was always a very fictional and unreal concept, at least to her. But now...now...it was all she could do to keep from snatching Connor right out of Lorne’s arms as he stood and beamed at them.

“There you are, Angel food. Congratulations, you two. Looks like...,” Lorne paused - just like in the lobby - and got the strangest look, even for a demon with his taste in clothes, on his face before finishing his sentence. “Someone has a spiffy, permanent soul courtesy of one very good witch.”

Willow was never going to understand Lorne. She got the feeling he had been about to say something else, but she could not for the life of her figure out what it might have been. Demons. Sheesh.

For a moment, she and Angel stood, looking at Lorne, who was holding the now quiet Connor. He seemed to notice that things had gotten a little uncomfortable.

“Where are my manners? Here, sweet thing, why don’t you hold him? I’m sure he’d love to meet the girl who has done so much for his Daddy.”

Willow looked at Angel, practically begging for permission with her eyes, and was nearly ecstatic when he smiled and said, “I agree. I think he’d love to meet you, too.”

Willow sighed at that and held out her arms. She took the baby from Lorne, gingerly at first, almost afraid she might do him injury with her inexperience. Yet, even though she hadn’t held hardly any babies ever, somehow holding little Connor felt right, natural even. She wondered if he really was all human after all. There had to be some sort of mojo to make her love a baby like this...wait a minute...love?!?! Well, that was okay, she should love him...because...she was his Tante Willow. And hey, if Tante Willow loved him this much at first sight, just think how Mama Buffy was going to feel.

If she squinted her mind’s eye very hard and painted everything in its line of sight a nice, rosy pink, she could almost see Buffy handling this as well as she should and loving Connor with all her being. And since she was, at heart, always and forever an optimist, Willow refused to believe that it would be any other way.

Moments passed in happy silence, perhaps the first silence Willow had ever found contentment in during her entire life. She noticed Angel gazing fondly at...Connor (not her, definitely not her) and she smiled at him. Connor was lucky to have a Dad who loved him so much. She tried very hard not to feel like Connor’s mom when Angel put his arm around her as she began to coo at the little boy.

Unfortunately, or perhaps, for Willow’s peace of mind, fortunately...but no, actually unfortunately, another moment was broken by a strange noise: the sound of Cordelia’s, Wesley’s, and Gunn’s voices in the lobby below.

“Sheesh, don’t they worry about waking the baby?” Great - now Cordelia makes an appearance? Just what Willow wanted most in the world. The goddess sure had a strange sense of humour.

Angel chuckled, though slightly grimly, more like the old Angel. “I guess they had quite a time of it. They’re probably also anxious for me to get down there and tell them what was such a big deal that they had to stay out all night.”

“I’ll send Fred down and hold the fort with Connor, Angel cakes. You and the little woman better get down there with the good news before Cordelia raises the roof. Connor needs his rest.”

Willow handed the baby over - rather reluctantly, she had to admit to herself - and pondered Lorne’s choice of words. Did Angel think it was as weird as she did that Lorne was now calling her “the little woman”? If he did, it didn’t show, so maybe that was just Lorne’s way. He did have a rather exotic conversational style. So caught up was she in considering the riddle of semantics that she didn’t pay much notice as Angel took her hand when they were halfway to the lobby. She just stayed mired in unwelcome confusion while they made the trek downstairs to tell the others what had happened tonight.

Tbc...