"I can't believe you!" Sirius fumed, after the next meeting. "Talking to that greasy turd as if you were mates!"

Robert frowned at him. "As if we were allies, Padfoot -- which we are. You'd do well to remember that."

Remus was off at an Order rendezvous, and Robert was keyed up at being alone with Sirius. It wasn't that he didn't like the man; he did. He didn't think that Sirius was out to get him for bedding Remus -- three times, now! -- to the contrary, Sirius seemed far too supportive of their amorous ventures. It was more that he didn't trust Sirius to understand anything.

"You like him," Sirius accused.

"I can't stand him," Robert retorted. "I had him as a professor, Sirius! Every bloody thing that you and James did to him, he took out on me, you arse."

Sirius caught his breath. "It's not my fault that he's a petty, malicious git!" he shouted back.

"No, but it's a good measure your fault that he's so fucking messed up! Let me handle him, Sirius. I know what he did. Unlike you, I know what his analog did to pay for it. It might be worth our while for me to treat him with a little respect."

Sirius scowled. "What if it's not like your timeline?"

"You think I haven't worried about that?" Robert's voice fell, and his hands dropped to his sides. "I'm being careful, Sirius. Really. I don't tell him anything critical."

Sirius stepped closer. "Don't you dare endanger Remus."

"I won't." Robert though it was unfair that Sirius never looked sexier than when he mentioned Remus. His usually careless energy was all focused now, intent in a way that Robert didn't know if Remus ever saw.

"You better not." Sirius grabbed his chin, as if in threat, and time slowed down. Slowly, Sirius moved, tilting forward. Their lips met, more in contest than in union, and Robert heard one of them moan.

"Remus...."

"Doesn't care."

It wasn't true -- Robert knew it wasn't -- but he couldn't stop. His arms went around Sirius because the other man's had closed around him -- or maybe it was the other way around -- and they were pressing tight together.

"Yeah. Want to try you." The words went straight to Robert's cock as Sirius ground against him. "Such a pretty little fuck, Harry."

"Don't call me that."

"Just remember, I know."

The words were threatening, and Robert reacted instinctively, throwing his weight to the side to take Sirius off balance, and then pushing against him to bear him down. They fell against the foot of the couch. "You won't betray me." He bit at Sirius's open mouth as he twisted to work his knee between Sirius's legs. "You won't betray James."

"Robbie." No threat, now, only breathless submission as Sirius dropped his head back. Robert felt the rising rush of power, for once outside of battle.

"Sirius. There's a good boy."

Sirius whined. With a snap of his wrist, Robert dropped his wand into his hand and caught Sirius in a shackle hex that bound his wrists together and pulled them above his head.

"Going to fuck you." Some corner of his mind was astounded at his daring. He'd never said such a thing to anyone, much less to a beautiful, self-assured, willful man like young Sirius. "You want that, don't you?"

"Gods, yes. Come on, Robbie...."

"Oh, I will."

Did people think he was like James? Well, then, he was like James, overwhelming and welcome as James had been to him, wilder because Sirius was wilder and needed more. He remembered Remus's story of the collar and conjured one. For a moment, he dangled it in front of Sirius and watched his eyes track it. "You know, Dog-star. You know when you've met your match."

For answer, Sirius closed his eyes -- his lashes were so dark and long! -- and stretched his head up and slightly back, to make it easy for Robert to buckle the strap of leather around his neck.

"So good," Robert soothed. He looked down his wand at the shackles, extending their binding to the far end of the couch in one direction and joining it to the collar in the other, just tight enough that Sirius would feel tension if he brought his head forward. "Stand up, Padfoot. And up on the arm of the couch ... for now."

He hadn't fucked anyone -- well buggered anyone -- before, and he didn't care to tell Sirius that, but Sirius was making it easy. He rocked back and set his feet on Robert's shoulders, and when Robert imitated the finger pushes that James had done to him, he told him, in no uncertain terms, when he was ready for more -- needed more. Robert had learned the angle by the time he switched to cock, and his uncertainty fell to lust.

"Sirius. God, you're gorgeous this way. So hot."

No hesitation, he thought. No uncertainty. No regret.

"Harder!" Sirius demanded, pulling at his restraints. "Damn it, move!"

"Spoiled," Robert taunted, but he snapped his hips forward hard. "That what you want? That what you need?"

"Yeah, Robbie. Yeah, please, give it to me...." The babble of words turned into a long whining noise as Robert set up a driving rhythm. Legs wrapped around his back and Sirius pulled himself closer, head back, lips parted, eyes nearly closed. It was more than Robert could take. His own voice rose over the sounds Sirius was making as his thrusts became involuntary and faster still. There were no words, only noises, growing and rising until he was screaming at the sight of Sirius pumping out white spurts of come as he squeezed tight around Robert's ratcheting cock.

Everything was quiet. Robert croaked out a Finite Incantantum, and muzzily helped Sirius rub blood back into his arms. Sirius crab-walked back onto the couch and Robert crawled after.

"Just catching my breath," Sirius murmured, as his arms settled around Robert. "Can't stop at one round, you know."

"Mmm."

Robert woke suddenly, with a sense of danger. He was in a strange place. Part of his mind was busy noting Sirius moving groggily beside him and connecting the dimly lit parlor to memory, while the better part of it scanned attentively for the threat.

Remus was standing in the doorway. Robert couldn't see his face against the light, and he was turning anyway. In a quick motion, he disappeared down the hallway, and his door shut with a hard clack.

"Shit."

"Wha'?"

"Remus. He saw us."

Robert was on his feet in a flash, but Sirius caught at his arm. "Not now." He yawned, though his grip remained tight. "He hates anyone seeing him upset."

"So I'm supposed to just let him be upset?"

Sirius regarded him quizzically. "Could you say anything to make it better? He'll be over it by morning, anyway. It's not like he wants me to himself." He grinned. "And as for you ... he's been telling me I should do you all week."

Robert wasn't sure. He showered before going to bed, so he would go into the room without Sirius's scent on him. When he got there, though, Remus was already gone. With Sirius, he thought, and curled up miserably in the empty bed.

Remus woke him in the morning.

"Hey. Sorry I was huffy, last night. It had just been a rather miserable evening, and the two of you had obviously been having fun."

"I'd rather have been with you, you know."

Smiling, Remus shook his head. "Really, Robbie! It's not like I haven't been with him." His bright cheer faded. "Don't flatter. It isn't becoming."

"I mean it. He'd rather have you too."

Scowling, Remus pushed back from the bed, and was on his feet in an instant. "You think you're reassuring, but you're not. It's just-- just taunting me. Stop it."

"Sorry," Robert said quickly, sitting up. "I still think it's true, but --"

"Shut up about it!"

"I promise." He reached out a hand. "Come to bed?"

Remus rolled his eyes. "Greedy boy! No. Sirius sent me to tell you there's breakfast -- eggs and mushrooms and kippers -- quite the spread. He must have enjoyed you."

Robert clamped his mouth shut for the brief seconds it took Remus to wave cheerily and exit the room. He wasn't entirely sure he could eat.

As it turned out, the food was good, but the company excruciating. Sirius was cheerful, and trying to look unconcerned while evenly distributing his attentions. His poise was somewhat hampered by Remus, who was cheerfully chattering about various things that he planned to be busy with, and suggesting that the Robert and Sirius might go out clubbing, unless they preferred to stay in. Robert could see Sirius tensing with each suggestion, although Remus never seemed to notice. He was too busy reading the paper, arranging the plates, and pretending to do the crossword to ever look up while he was speaking. Robert eventually pushed back his plate, muttered something about a stomach ache, and fled.

He went to Sirius's room, because Sirius had whisky. He had downed a shot and poured a second to take with him -- though where he was going was still in question -- when the soft creak of the door hinges alerted him to another's presence.

"Hey." Sirius walked casually over. He took the shot glass, sniffed it, and handed it back. "Not the best thing for stomach ache."

"Depends on what's causing it." Robert downed the shot before Sirius thought better of letting him. "Sorry."

Sirius shrugged. "Told you he didn't want to keep me."

Robert had really meant about raiding his good whisky, and it took him a moment to reorient himself. "Yeah, but he does. Never looked at you the whole time."

With a snort, Sirius swung the door shut behind him. "I don't really see how that's a sign of anything, except, perhaps, complete disinterest."

"He's hates it. He's trying not to break down."

"You," Sirius said, tipping his chin up, "are barmy." He kissed Robert lightly. "And possibly drunk, but I don't care. Gives me a shot at getting it in you." His next kiss was longer and deeper. Robert didn't even care that he tasted of fish, but the way his hands were already roaming brought his mind back to the night before.

"Remus--"

"Took off for the morning. Something about a special offer at some Muggle second-hand shop."

"Fuck."

"Might as well." A dark undertone made the joke fall flat. Robert couldn't think of words -- not the right ones, not for this. He let Sirius lead him to the bed and joined in the mutual undressing. Sirius bit at his skin, prepped him quickly, and fucked him hard and fast. Robert let everything fade into the vulgar slap of skin on skin, as his lover's heavy bollocks swung against him at each quick thrust. It wasn't until Sirius had come that he touched Robert's cock. His grip was rough and dry, and it was half pain that made Robert climax, gritting his teeth to hold in any cry.

Afterwards, they lay together, wrung out into exhausted gentleness. Sirius stroked softly down Robert's side, and occasionally kissed his hair. "Maybe he has a point," he offered abstractly. "We could be pretty good together."

"You mean I'll do?" Robert answered. He'd burned off too much whisky to feel comfortable, but he was too tired for real anger. He curled miserably closer to Sirius, vaguely thinking that this was Sirius, and he was the one who should smell of liquor and despair.

"It's not like that," Sirius protested. "I can't keep him. I know that. It isn't why I want you."

"He'd rather have you." He could be angry after all, Robert found, at least angry enough to press a hand against the protest that Sirius tried to speak. Teeth scraped in warning against his palm. "Listen, will you? He talks to me. Talked to me before you got back. You lie to each other all the time, but neither of you bother with me."

He let Sirius twist free.

"You're just hearing what you want to hear -- what you think you'll hear."

"If you were me--" You'd know better, Robert had been going to say, but he stopped. "How about trading places?"

Sirius raised his eyebrows. "What 'trade' could we make? We're both lovers he'd rather push on each other." He grinned. "Maybe he'd rather watch."

Robert didn't smile. "Polyjuice. Go to him as me, some night, and get him to talk about you. You'll see I'm not making it up."

"Not really fair to him, is it?"

"Well, the current situation isn't fair to anybody!" Robert snapped. Reason caught up with him. This was no way to convince Sirius. He forced his tone to go lighter. "Ah, come on! It should be interesting, at least. Wonder how he's different with me, in bed?"

Sirius was curious, at that. "Gentler, I expect," he said speculatively. His eyes returned to Robert. "Of course, there's the problem of getting out."

Robert shrugged. "Duck out to use the loo, and we can switch back. If you don't mind me listening in, it won't show. Of course, you may want to own up, instead."

Sirius laughed. "Not likely." Raising himself up on one elbow, he grinned at Robert. "All right. Shall we seal it with a wager?"

"I don't have much money."

"Eh. Doesn't need to be money." Sirius grinned. "If he sounds just the same...."

"Yeah?"

"You do come out clubbing with me. And we fuck afterwards. Loudly. With the door open."

"Sure," Robert agreed.

"And if I agree that you're right?"

Robert ducked his head. "I don't owe you for the whisky?"

"You don't anyway, you know."

Sighing, Robert slid back into Sirius's embrace. "Okay. I get to feel like I don't owe you for the whisky."

"Heh. Don't take this wrong, but...."

"Mn?"

"Think I rather like you, you pathetic tosser."

"Yeah? Sounds about right on this end, too."

Two nights later, Robert lingered outside of the second bedroom, listening and watching through a spy-eye he had left unobtrusively on the bookshelf. Sirius had his body, which was strange to watch. He hadn't realized his ribs showed like that when he twisted, or that his hair stuck up in back as much as it did in front, and his voice sounded high and reedy, coming from another's mouth.

"Want you till dinner, Robbie," Remus said, lifting reddened lips from the end of a long kiss. His hips rocked forward and Robert knew how that would feel. I'm hard. Are you hard?

"And Sirius?"

"Barely notices, does he?" Remus challenged, but he stopped pressing against the false Robert's body.

"Oh, I think he does."

"Only because he wants you."

"Oh, of course," Robert's mouth said dryly. "Are you mad?"

Remus glared at him, lips set in a thin line and eyes narrowed. "So you keep saying, but I know him -- much better than you do."

"Yeah?" Evidently realizing that the belligerent challenge was not how Robbie spoke, Sirius looked down. "All right," he said, more softly. After jerking his head to the side to toss back hair that wasn't that long, he lay back on the bed. Robert noted that Remus, looking away, had missed the telling gesture. "So use me."

"I'm sorry." Remus sat on the bed, and tenderly brushed the false Robert's fringe back. "I know it's not fair, but you keep coming here. You should go to him, instead; if two of the three of us were happy, that would be good enough."

Sirius yanked him down, and that, at least, was not far off what Robert would have done. "Don't tell me how I'd be happy," he snarled, and then blocked any further words with his mouth.

Robert didn't watch, after that. The conversation was his business; the sex wasn't. He padded back across the hall, poured himself a firewhiskey, and tried to drink it slowly. He didn't notice how much time had passed until the screaming started.

"You BASTARD!"

Like so often before, he was on his feet and to the source of the trouble before he had time for a thought. He stopped just inside the door he had thrown open. Remus was standing a short jump from the bed, his stiff cock angled up and glistening wet. Sirius, equally hard, was rising from the floor on the far side of the bed, moving with the twitches of the newly bruised.

"Get OUT!" Remus shouted, pointing at the door. He saw Robert. "He was pretending to be you," he said wildly.

Robert took a step forward. "Yeah," he said. "I know."

The color dropped from Remus's face. Robert somehow managed to keep from looking to see if his cock had wilted, as well. "He told you?"

"I talked him into it."

Robert stepped forward, interrupting the rage dawning on Remus's face. "Look. I'm tired of the both of you being miserable for NO REASON. Why the fuck should you pretend you DON'T love each other? You could both be happy; there's no incompatibility in what he wants and what you want. But even without me involved, you've mucked it all up, trying to play it so casual."

"You stay OUT OF IT!" Remus shouted.

"Moony?" Sirius sounded plaintive, but he was standing close now, almost at Robert's side. He took another step forward.

"I don't know what the hell you think you can say for yourself--"

"I love you."

The room was suddenly silent, except for the sound of breathing.

"But--" Remus tried, and stopped.

"Don't have any intention of leaving until you tell me to get lost." Sirius reached tenderly out to Remus, first resting a hand at his side, and then, when there was no objection, sliding it back in a loose embrace. "No one I'd ever rather have than you. I thought you knew that."

Remus shook his head. Robert thought he might be crying.

"Shh," Sirius soothed.

Robert slipped out of the room and returned across the hall, where he lay silently in the cold bed, surrounded by all the scents that meant Sirius. He had accomplished exactly what he had hoped to, but he couldn't help feeling as much misery as happiness. Come morning, he was going to be very much a third wheel.

He was warm. He was warm, and something warm and moist was moving slowly along his neck. Robert murmured sleepily and shifted, which brushed his engorged cock against more warmth. Who had come to bed with him?

As it slowly penetrated that no one had, and that the touches behind him were lips and a tongue-tip, he realized that he needed to open his eyes. Sirius couldn't be such an idiot as to come back to him after that, could he? If Remus had thrown him out after all, he should be sleeping in the living room, showing that he meant it.

A mouth touched his own, and his eyes shot open.

"Took you long enough," Remus teased. Robert could just see the flash of his smile in the dim grey light that leaked from the dawn through the northern window.

"What're you--" Robert froze. A warm body was pressed up very close against his back.

"We talked it over," Sirius whispered, his hot breath going from Robert's ear straight to his groin.

"Miraculous as that may be," Remus interjected.

"And as much as we love each other--" Sirius drew the word "love" out with an almost decadent pleasure. " --we still both want you."

"For real, though," Remus said quickly. "I mean, we don't know that it will work, but not just as a pet."

"Stay with us," Sirius said, adding tongue, this time, and Robert was beyond words. He arched back, mewling with need. A chuckle from Remus descended, bouncing, onto his left nipple.

"I think that might be a yes, Moony," Sirius joked. His hips twisted, settling his cock between the cheeks of Robert's arse. Lube had gone on one of them, or possibly both, while Robert was still asleep. "What d'y'say, Robbie, shall we seal it with a fuck? Remus tells me he loves the way you fuck him. I couldn't agree more, but I think you should be in the middle, this morning." He was pumping against Robert, now, his cock sliding enticingly past wakened nerves. They touched over him, and then Remus brought a hand to his cock, coating it with lube in two quick slides before twisting eagerly to push back against him.

"God," Robert managed, which was apparently enough of an agreement.

"In me," Remus whispered. "Please, baby?" His hand was already behind him, pulling the head of Robert's cock down to press against his hole.

"Do it," Sirius whispered. "I got him so ready for you. Easy as pussy, Robert, after all we've done." He reached between them to try Robert's entrance with a finger. "Then there's you."

Robert forced his body back from Remus, but had to bite his neck to make up for the loss of his arse. "Get me ready first. Want it all together."

Remus laughed. "Ah! He can speak."

"Bossy prick, too," Sirius said, without malice, fingers already pushing inside. "Good thing I like his ideas."

Robert wanted it, and it didn't take long to be ready enough to demand cock. Sirius positioned himself, but held obstinately still. "In Remus first, baby. Feel how hot and good he is."

Robert did, and when he rocked back, pushed himself slightly onto the steady cock behind him.

"That's it. Just move back like that every time....."

Robert thrust harder and pulled out further, taking more. Sirius was steadfastly not moving, and as Remus warmed to the motion, Robert hauled him back to get Sirius fully inside him. Sirius cried out, and Robbie panted for a moment, letting his body absorb the stretch. Still, Sirius stayed still, even when he rocked back again.

"Robbie...."

"Move, damn it! Stop saying you're going to fuck me and do it."

"With pleasure."

Sirius slammed forward, pushing him deep into Remus, who cried out, and then reached back to grip Robert's hip. "God, yes. Both of you."

"Want you so much," Robert muttered. He was prepared for the next push and passed it on, sliding deep into heat. "Both so hot." He was shoved forward again, and pulled Remus back to take it in full. "Love you."

They whispered to him in turns, not love, but other precious things. Love took time, he thought, but he wouldn't mind waiting, not like this, tossed in their confident pleasure.

He came first, having had no previous rounds to slow him, and collapsed in boneless exhaustion, content to let Sirius climb over him and take his place. He watched them as he hadn't in weeks, as younger versions of the men he had known when they were melancholy and war-weary. Unrestrained joy lit both of them now, more clearly than the indirect morning light, and reflected back on him.

"So right," he whispered.