Myrtle always held back until the moment she thought Lionel would be most vulnerable. He'd been a new man ever since the new visitor he'd never named, but recently the change had been even more pronounced. He no longer moped about drama troupes that wouldn't give him roles, he no longer fretted about stammering children who couldn't afford to pay. No matter how late, he came home every evening with a smile on his face, and he often couldn't even wait until the boys had gone to sleep to let his hands wander.

Lionel knew that she wouldn't give up until she had her answers, but Lionel also loved games and loved teasing and loved Myrtle, which was how they had ended up in the lav this evening with her skirt hiked up around her waist and her bum crushed uncomfortably on the edge of the sink. She was going to have a bruise, but she didn't care.

"Who is he?" she panted in his ear.

"You know I can't tell you." She couldn't see his face, pressed against her own as he moved in and out of her with his fingers clutching her hips.

"I've seen the car. I have a good idea."

"That's fine, but I. Can't. Tell. You." Lionel's thrusts punctuated the syllables.

"Mrs Mason saw him going in. She knew it was one of the Princes."

"Myrtle..."

He tried to kiss her to silence her. It never worked. "Everyone knows about the stammer. Even Laurie knows, he was with you at Wembley."

"Stop it, stop it --"

"You don't have to say his name." Lionel's hand maneuvered between them, found the spot just above where he was moving in and out of her, thumb moving steadily. Myrtle's breath hitched. "I'll say it."

"Shush. You won't. Don't you dare." His eyes had closed, muscles in his neck straining, he was close. She loved having him in her thrall like this, moving so urgently. And she knew just how to make him come apart.

"Prince Albert. The Duke --"

"Myrtle!"

"-- of York." Lionel was already convulsing, shuddering against her, using her shoulder to muffle the sounds he was making. She hoped the boys were too busy to hear the pipes creak as she and Lionel rattled the sink. "Just say yes, just say yes!" A toothbrush clattered to the floor.

Of course, he couldn't speak at all, at first, gulping for breath as he was. Then he sighed softly, slipping out of her, tugging her from her perch on the sink as he dropped to his knees to find a new excuse to keep himself silent.

"Lionel..."

"Can't." He pulled her legs apart, supporting her weight with his hands on the backs of her thighs as his tongue went seeking through the wet hair between them.

"But you want to." Oh God, he'd always been good at this and lately he was even more enthusiastic -- when they'd first married, he'd never have done it so soon after finishing. "You write notes about him on your napkins, you save your appointment diaries." He made a noncommittal noise, moving his tongue, turning a thumb inward to rub her with that, too. "You think his name, I know it, even when we do this..."

Somehow Lionel got his finger inside her without dropping her, and she had to stop speaking before she cried out and alerted the children. She knew she was right. And he'd admit it; it was only a matter of time.