Title: To Have And To Hold
Author: bobwhite
Summary: A couple of married telepaths start yet another argument at
a local bar and grill.  guess who gets in the middle!
Keywords: MF FF inter mc

To Have And To Hold By bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Autor's note: Not too many stories feature telepaths who are married,
unless the marriage is in the story for the humiliation of the
telepath's spouse. So, I'm going to do my little part to help remedy
this omission in mind control erotica. Besides, marriage isn't all
peaches & cream, but it can be mostly fun & games, as you'll find out
in the story. If you like it, email me!

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"So, what do you want for dinner tonight?" Darren asked his wife,
Anne. They were about done at Kwick's Bar and Grill, taking advantage
of the bar but not the grill. They did have standards.

"It's your turn to pick," she said. At that, he scanned the room for
an appropriate "meal." It was the last Thursday of the month, the day
they allowed one or the other to choose a playmate for both to enjoy
for the night. Being married telepaths, they figured, meant that you
just had to indulge every now and then, but with the other's consent
and always as a couple, together--because, despite what some people
might think, cheating is cheating. That is especially when you can't
hide it from your mate because she's as good at reading minds as you
are.

"I choose..." he began, quickly scanning the minds of the more
attractive patrons and employees of the bar, "... uh... um... how
about... her. Yes, her. Amie." His wife rolled her eyes and looked in
the direction his mind was pointing.

He had picked out a pretty brunette with a healthy rack. Quickly
confirming her guess with her powers, she knew the bra size was a D.
That only made her roll her eyes again, and she turned to her husband.

"Gee, what a surprise. Couldn't find one with bigger tits, huh? What
is it with you men and D cups? Like a C is soooo much smaller" she
began, holding her chest for dramatic effect.

This time, it was his turn to roll his eyes. He followed that with an
audible sigh. "Look, don't start with me. I waited for an hour for you
to choose, and then you dump it off on me. If you don't like my pick,
just pick one yourself." Picking up on her thoughts, he added, "Just
because her chest is big doesn't mean I want her more than I want you.
You know that. I don't know why you're being so bitchy about this..."

She cut him off, and raising her voice, retorted, "Don't call me a
bitch, asshole. I'm just saying..."

"I didn't call you a bitch! But you are being VERY BITCHY!!" he
responded, his anger growing. 'Why did it always have to be a big
production?' he wondered to himself.

"What the fuck ever. All we ever do is pick up some big-chested girl,
take her home, and fuck her. And, I know I don't have the biggest
knockers in the world; you don't have to constantly remind me by
picking women like that!" she yelled, pointing at Amie, who seemed
oblivious to the attention she was garnering. "Besides, I thought we
were going to pick up a man on this trip! It's been a few months since
you let me pick a man. Why is it you always get two women, and I never
get two men? Afraid his dick will feel better in me than yours?" By
now, she was standing. He put his elbow on the bar and grabbed his
forehead, his embarrassment growing by leaps and bounds.

She was going to make a scene. 'God damn, here we go. It's like this
every fucking time,' he thought.

"You like bit tits? There. There are your big titties. Why don't you
go and marry them."

Amie and Sofia were just having drinks after work, talking about work,
husbands, the cute guy who fixes the copy machine--you know, the usual
stuff. When the commotion at the bar started, they both glanced over
but lost interest. It was just another married couple bitching at each
other in public. They were both married, so they knew the routine--and
that was the primary reason they didn't go out with their husbands to
bars very often.

"So, what were ya sayin' before Mr. and Mrs. Jackass over there
decided to pitch a fit?" Sofia asked. She was only half-listening;
Amie had a much bigger chest than she did and dressed to show it off,
much to her chagrin. Even though they weren't there to pick up guys,
they did enjoy the attention they got from men--and Sofia, while a
pretty blonde with hair a bit longer than Amie's, didn't compare on
top. And "A" might beat a "D" in school, but not in the world of men.

'I bet I'm a better lay than she is, but she'll always get more, just
because of her tits. I bet I cum harder and louder on my worst day
than she ever has... and it doesn't matter because of those tits,' she
pined in her mind. 'More's the pity,' Sofia absently thought as she
and Amie made small talk while drinking their whiskey sours. Suddenly,
the fight got loud, and Amie shook her head a bit, as if some insect
were crawling on her hair and she had to shake it off. "Amie? What's
wrong, girl?"

"Oh, nothing's wrong. I just gotta play with my titties," she
mentioned almost nonchalantly as she stood up, and in one swift
motion, took off her tank top. Now her breasts were concealed only by
a plain, white bra. But, that didn't last for long--she reached around
and unhooked the garment, letting it drop, as soon as her tank was
gone. She started to knead her breasts and pinch her nipples. "Mmmmm,
that feels nice. I've needed this all day... mmmmmmm..."

Sofia looked with mild envy at her friend as she played with her
chest. 'Why should she have so much while I have so little?' she
wondered, but let it pass. As she took another drink and started to
talk about the new guy in I.T., she idly wondered if Amie would mind
if she kissed her nipples. 'Ooooh, you'd better stop, girl; you'll get
yourself in trouble again,' she reasoned with herself.

"OK, they're nice, but that's not why I chose her!" Darren yelled. "I
think she needs a night out. She's never even eaten pussy," he said,
pointing at them, "unlike her blonde friend, there, who at least got
to experiment in college. I just wanted you to introduce her to the
world of..."

"Don't even fucking say it, asshole. If I hear that "introduction to
the beauty of bisexuality" bullshit one more time I swear I'll snap!
So, what, it's OK if you have me and another woman, even though I'm
more into guys than girls--but it's only once in a blue moon you'll
let me bring home another man? What the fuck is that about? Are you
afraid you'll accidentally touch a scrotum? For a guy who loves women
going at each other, you're sure homopho..."

Now he interrupted her--loudly. "Oh, I get it. Very fucking nice.
First, you say you'll choose a target. Then, you make ME choose the
target. Then, you call me homophobic because I choose a fucking girl.
Well pardon fucking me! You so interested in a man? How about that one
over there? I bet he's got a big dick. That's what you want, right? A
big dick?"

As he said that, the bouncer--a muscular, tall, black man, approached
them. He stood behind Anne and said into her ear, "Here ya go, bitch."

She hated that word more than almost anything else, and was going to
do something horrible to the mother fucker had dared to call her a
bitch. She turned to look at this soon-to-be sorry man, and her eyes
followed his tall form from head to ... belt. His pants were gone. 'Oh
my. That is a big dick,' she thought. And then she caught herself--he
was distracting her, and changing the subject--like he always did.

"Oh, nice try, asswipe. Like I'm supposed to say 'Sorry, honey, I was
wrong, let's take the big-chested bimbo..."

"SHE ISN'T A BIMBO! YOU'RE MAKING HER PLAY WITH HERSELF!!" he
screamed.

"Well, sooooory! I mean, 'the big-chested SLUT.'" When she said that,
Amie began rubbing her pussy through her dress slacks--hard. Changing
her standing position so that her feet were about three feet apart,
she now openly messaged her crotch with one hand while the other,
freed from its nipple duty, fond its way into her mouth. A moan
escaped her lips. When she was satisfied with the show she was
creating, she continued the shouting match.

"You just get off on two women going at it, and you can't even admit
it! Well, you wanna see a top heavy whore get it on with a small-
chested girl tonight? Then leave me out of it. There's your show. Why
don't you pull up a seat!"

Sofia was wondering if they should leave--but the thought passed. She
wanted to have a few more drinks before she went home and had her
husband go down on her. 'I hope he shaved tonight,' she mused, knowing
she'd think of Amie while he was busy on her pussy. Watching her
friend maul herself up top before moving on to her pussy, started to
suddenly realize just how much she wanted to do the mauling.

Not wanting to wait any longer, and taking Amie's actions as an
invitation, she got up and put her arms around her friend's lower
back. She drew her friend in for a kiss. Amie took her finger out of
her mouth to accept the advance, and their tongues met in a frenzy of
urgency.

They had to fuck. NOW.

Reaching down, Sofia unbelted and unfastened her co-workers pants. She
dug her thumbs into the waistband and drug Amie's pants--with her
underwear--to the floor. While Amie was stepping out of her pants and
shoes, Sofia quickly got naked, slipping out of her skirt, panties,
top, and bra. She laid down on the table of the booth they'd been
sitting at and started playing with her smallish breasts.

She thought, 'My tits may be smaller, but I bet my nipples are bigger
and... mmmmmm... more responss sssssssiiiiiiiive mmmmmmmm' -she
finished the last part out loud as her friend's pouty, full lips
engulfed her right nipple. Her focus was regained, though, when she
opened her fluttering eyes wide and saw Amie's wet sex quickly
descending towards her face and begging for attention.

Amie's pussy had some bush around it--it was trimmed but definitely
not clean-shaven. 'Just like a pussy should be,' Sofia thought as her
friend's slit found its place on her mouth. Her tongue sneaked out and
began to tickle Amie's clit. Using one hand to repeatedly smack Amie's
ass (each swat made Amie audibly grunt and was followed by a slow
grind into Sofia's face), she reached around her hips with the other,
used her finger to trace down her ass crack, and finally plunged two
fingers--intertwined--deep into Amie's snatch.

"Unnnnnnnnngghh! Yeah, bitch, suck that clitty.... Mmmmmmmm..." was
about the last intelligible thing Amie got out before a particularly
hard swat made her yelp out--and cum. Dropping her head, she used her
hands to spread open Sofia's pussy and began to lick it like a piece
of hot, pink rock candy.

And, it tasted almost as good. She was sucking on Amie's clit while
using three fingers to fuck her flat-chested friend, and that
combination had Sofia's hips lifting off the table after several
minutes--and it also made Sofia work extra hard and fast. After a few
more minutes of this increased activity, Amie quickly had another,
even stronger orgasm. Coming up for air and screaming in lustful
delight, Amie began to use two of the fingers on her non-pussy-fucking
hand to rub Sofia's clit up, down, sideways--any way she could, as
fast as she could.

Amie had to get Sofia off. She'd cum twice, and Sofia was still en
route to her first orgasm. Amie would make her cum, no matter what it
took.

Amie's efforts, though, only made Sofia fuck her harder than she had
been. A third finger was added to Amie's snatch, and the spanking got
harder. But, Amie was determined to make Sofia cum before she had her
third climax--it was like a contest now, and she was no loser. Using
her fingers to alternate between rubbing and slapping Sofia's clit,
she began to time her attack to build a crescendo in Sofia's body with
a climax she would not forget.

And, after what seemed like an erotic eternity, Sofia lost all
control.

"Oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god OH GOD OH GOD OF FUUUUUUCK OH FUCK
ME FUUUUUUCK ME ... EEEE... AAAAAAAH....UUUUUUUUUNGH! OH GOD OH FUCK
OH YEAH OOOOOOH OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!" Sofia screamed. She'd
probably blown her vocal folds with that screaming rant, and it
wouldn't have mattered to her if she had. She'd just cum with more
power than she had in years. Her hips had began to shake violently in
reaction to Amie's increased attack, and it was clear that she had cum
to anyone within earshot.

The orgasm temporarily stopped Sofia's pussy licking efforts, and
while she panted and tried to come back to reality, Amie, knowing
she'd won some kind of contest, rubbed her friend's pussy with the
palm of her hand and smugly smiled as if victorious in a contest she
only half-knew she had entered.

Darren hadn't waited for the end of the show, though; he knew this
game well. If he let his wife have her way--and he suspected she
didn't even want another man tonight, she just wanted to ride his
ass--
he'd never hear the end of it. So, taking advantage of Anne's
concentration on the pair of ladies, he began to increase her
arousal--
by using Tyrone's body.

When Anne finally knew just how horny she had become, she looked down
and was surprised to see a bulge under her flowing skirt--a bulge
caused by the head and body of the bouncer! He was under her skirt,
eating her for all he was worth. She felt a finger--larger than her
husband's--snake up her leg and start fingering her innermost folds.
Her knees bent and her legs spread a bit to allow the kneeling man
easier access to her pussy--she knew how tough it could be eating out
a woman while she was standing. It wasn't until she put her hand on
the back of his shaven, dark-skinned head, though, that she realized
what her husband was doing. And, that he was winning.

So, now genuinely interested both in the attention she was getting and
the side show (Amie had just had her first orgasm and was dropping her
head down to taste pussy for the first time in her life), she decided
to fire back as quickly as she could. That way, she could continue
enjoying everything that was going on. And, she'd be able to get the
upper hand--not that she was exactly sure how that could help her, or
if she even wanted help. This was the most fun they'd had since the
last argument they'd had--but she wasn't about to tell Darren that.
Timing her twin mental blasts with her orgasm for an extra burst of
power, she waited for Ty to make her cum.

And cum she did. This guy was good with his hands and mouth. The two
bolts of power hit Darren and a waitress (named Shelly) squarely in
the mind... and genitals.

Shelly dropped her tray and ripped open her blouse. Buttons flew
everywhere, and she undid the front clasp that held her B-cup bra in
place. Tugging on her nipple hoops (she'd had them pierced the year
before), she quickly got to her knees and freed Darren's quickening
manhood from the confines of his blue jeans--and her mouth enveloped
it as soon as it was exposed.

Darren's eyes would have bulged out of his skull, if they could have.
There was a hot little girl with black hair, very fair (almost pale)
skin, and nice sized tits (not too big, not too small -perfect, he
absently thought) going to town on his cock as if it were the only one
on earth. One hand was tugging on her nipple ring, the other was
massaging his balls--then his shaft--then, when it was wet and
slippery enough, the head of his penis. When her mouth was free, she
licked her fingers and, reaching down, slid her panties aside to get
at her hairless snatch.

Darren was in heaven, but he very quickly realized what was going on,
and finally brought some control to the quickly degrading scene.
Putting his hand on Shelly's head to regulate her timing, he said, a
bit more softly, "Look, uh, if you just want to go home, we'll just go
home. We're getting nowhere here, and I'm... mmm... getting tired of
f..f...fighting. Maybe the same day evvvv... mmmmm... every month
isn't the best way to have "family time." He was fucking Shelly's face
in earnest by that point. But, he wasn't near having an orgasm -he was
in control of himself--so he tapped her on the head. It was her signal
to stop.

She got up and finished disrobing. Getting back on her hands and
knees, she crawled to where Tyrone was on his knees, and positioning
herself as best she could, she took his monstrously large, black cock
into her mouth.

Shelly was quickly learning to be an expert cocksucker--especially
considering the fact that before this night, she'd never gone down on
a man before. She thought it was disgusting. Tyrone, though, noticed -
and immediately appreciated--her efforts. Reaching between Shelly's
legs, he began to alternate between finger-fucking her and stroking
her clit. Of course, this took his attention away from Anne, who,
without the oral and digital attention from Tyrone, suddenly noticed
what was going on.

Rubbing her chest through her blouse, she began to finally relent.
"Look, I'm sorry, but it's like every time you want to fuck someone,
it's some bitch with bigger titmmmmph. Mmmmmmm." Darren had used her
apology as an invitation to kiss her. While his tongue danced in her
mouth, he laid her on her back on the surprisingly clean floor of the
bar as softly as he could. Then, he hiked her skirt up and moved her
thong over to the side of her steaming-hot twat.

Shelly had stopped her oral actions and assumed the doggie position,
facing the married couple. Following some unsaid command, she grabbed
Anne's hands when they were stretched out behind her head, and pinned
them down. Then, she put her head down on the floor as her vagina
accepted Tyrone's rod. She was so wet, though, that it went in as
smoothly as it could have--and after a few short, slow strokes, he was
able to sink his meat into her almost all the way. When he got in as
far as he knew he could, he began to pump away with a passion he'd
never felt beore.

At the same time, Darren had moved up and, while kissing and necking
with his wife, slid his dick into her. They were both so close because
of all the action they'd been engaging in that the actual sex part of
the adventure lasted only three of four minutes.

Darren shot a load of cum into his wife that was so hot she thought it
might burn her. His member remained inside her, throbbing in small,
after-orgasmic pulses. He kissed his wife again, and then sat up
enough to look into her blue eyes. Looking into each other's eyes,
they were simultaneously reminded of the one thing they shared,
besides telepathic ability: unconditional love.

Cracking a smile when Sofia started her full-minute, long-delayed
orgasm, they realized that, even after 10 years of marriage, they
still knew how to have fun. And, it didn't have to involve stealing
some man or woman for a night of hanky-panky. Realizing, also, that
they had to clean the mess up before someone else came in, they forced
an orgasm on Shelly while Tyrone was still fucking her from behind.

When it hit, she bucked her ass around so hard that Tyrone almost
slipped out--although his determination to stay in her won that
battle. However, after she finally had the biggest orgasm of her life,
she lost consciousness and fell forward--putting her flat on the
floor. That finally caused Tyrone to slip out of her, and that's when
Anne gave Tyrone his release. He came for what seemed like forever,
his jizz landing in blobs on Shelly's back. Her skin was so fair that
it almost blended in.

'Thankfully,' Darren thought, 'we had the foresight to make sure
everybody here thought anything that was happening was normal.'
Sending out various commands, the naked people got cleaned up (as well
as they could with nothing but napkins and water) and put their
clothes back on. Despite the fact that 30 minutes or so of total
sexual abandon had just taken place between 6 people, memories were
smudged efficiently to think that it was just another night at
Kwick's.

After straightening her clothes, Anne came up behind her husband and,
wrapping her arms around his toned abs, she hugged him from behind.

"I love makeup sex," she said to him. He laughed, turned around, and
hugged her back--backing off only so that he could position himself
for a kiss.

Having had their fun for the night, and making sure that nobody else
would remember what had gone on--and making sure the actions hadn't
affected anyone's personalities; that's how the TEDS got you--they
went home, hand in hand. As they drove home and Anne fell asleep,
Darren looked at her with the most tenderness he could remember
feeling. He wondered how single telepaths could enjoy this level of
passion, this level of emotion--this level of pure love--with a non-
telepath.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Author's second note: you may have noticed the reference to the TEDS.
They're a group of government-employed mind controllers who go around
chasing rogue telepaths. They will make more appearances in other
stories, I promise. They are mentioned, briefly, in ORF as well.
Anyway, thanks for reading!

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.