Brooke Blackmailed 2 - A Signature Event
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2010


Brooke tossed and turned all that night. She never woke all the
way up, but she never really settled into a solid sleep state
either. She was tired when the alarm went off, but struggled out
of bed instead of hitting the snooze button, knowing an extra few
minutes just weren't going to do anything for her. She dropped
the oversize t-shirt she wore as a nightie, and ducked into the
shower. The hot pulsing water helped get the blood flowing, and
she felt almost human when she got out to towel off, and started
to work on her hair.

It was then that Brooke had a sudden realization! She had
replaced one of the models for the art class, that was why they
had let her do the job, they had been expecting her. That girl,
the one whose place she took, must know the blackmailer! All she
had to do was find her and drag it out of her. Maybe she could
talk to whoever was doing this, and come up with some other
arrangements. Maybe she could find those fake-ass filthy
photographs herself and destroy them. Maybe trying to find out
anything would get her into more trouble if she was discovered.
Fuck it, she had to try!

She went to the art department later that day, right after
statistics class. She still wondered if one of her fellow
students in statistics was the blackmailer. Maybe she would find
out! The cute girl was still playing receptionist, and smiled at
her when she approached the desk.

"Want to apply to model again? It is easy money, a lot of girls
come back when they need a few bucks. You sure seemed nervous
last time, though, I didn't expect to see you in here again."

"No, I just wanted to thank the girl whose place I took, but I
seem to have lost her phone number..."

"Well, normally I'm not supposed to give out personal
information, but since you did her a favor, I don't see the harm
in it. You're not a stalker, are you?" She laughed, wrinkling her
button nose when she did. It made her look even cuter.

"No. Not a stalker," Brooke chuckled along with her, humoring the
girl, even though she didn't think it was at all funny. Nor did
she think the girl should be giving out anyone's personal
information, but she wasn't going to bitch about that now since
she was the one asking for it. The girl looked in her files, and
scribbled the information on a scrap of paper.

Mary Beech
555-4062

She handed it to Brooke. Brooke felt lighter than air. She knew
who the girl was now, and she was that much closer to finding out
who the blackmailer was, and maybe ending this nightmare. She
would call her tomorrow, and find out what the girl knew if she
had to beat it out of her. For now she would play it cool, hang
out with some friends at the coffee shop, just like any other
Wednesday, and then do her homework. If someone was watching her,
it was bad enough she had gone back to the art department, she
wanted to leave no other clues that she might be trying to find
out who the blackmailer was.

She was distracted the rest of the day, but her shallow minded
coffee buddies never noticed, they just chatted on and on about
the same meaningless stuff they always did. Clothes. Boys.
Teachers they hated. /Did I ever find this entertaining?/ Brooke
thought, in between thoughts about who the blackmailer might be,
and what the art class girl, Mary, might be able to tell her.
/What a bunch of mindless, boring, useless garbage./

After school, she arrived home, changed into some lounge around
the house sweats, and did homework until it was time for bed. For
the first night in many, she fell asleep fairly easily,
untroubled by the events that had swept her up like a raging
current against which stuggling did no good. She would find out
who was doing all this to her, and make it stop. With that
comforting thought, she drifted off into a dreamless sleep.

Brooke awoke fairly refreshed, but a little apprehensive. What if
Mary wouldn't talk? /Fuck that! She'll talk, or I'll rip her
tongue out!/ What if she couldn't get hold of Mary until after
Saturday? That thought troubled her more. She was nervous dialing
the number, and almost hung up when she got an answering machine.

"Hello. You've reached Mary's place. I'm out in the world, so
you'll have to leave a message. You know what to do....  BEEP."

"Ah, uh, Mary? This is Brooke. The girl who replaced you as a
model for the art class? Uh, ah, I need to talk to you... its
sort of important. Please call me back."
She left her number, and hung up. Now she had to wait. /This
sucks! What will I do if she doesn't call me back? I'll find out
where she lives, somehow. I need to know who is doing this to me!
But how? Fuck. I'll give her a chance to call, but if she doesn't
call soon, I'm going to go out of my mind!/

Time slowed. Brooke fretted all that day, waiting for her phone
to ring. Every minute was torture, as she thought about having to
do some other task soon, and God only knew what that task might
be. Finally, around dinner time, her phone rang! She hoped it was
Mary, and sure enough the screen listed Mary's number.

"Hello!" she answered in breathless excitement.

Her heart sank when she heard what Mary could tell her, which
wasn't much.

"I know why you called. The note said you would. I'm supposed to
tell you that calling me shows you aren't doing what you should
be doing, and if you keep it up it won't be good. I'm also
supposed to tell you how you took my place. I got a note telling
me to call in sick, tell them I had a replacement lined up, and
give your name. The note came with two left halves of hundred
dollar bills, and said I'd get the other halves if I did this.
I'm sorry, but I really needed the money. The note also said you
would call, like you did, and that I was to tell you all this,
and nothing else. I did get the other halves, so you really did
me a big favor. Again, I'm sorry, but I have to go now."

Click.

/FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!/ Brooke slammed her phone on the table, and
threw her books across the room in utter frustration. /The
blackmailer knew!/ Not only was it all planned out so well, but
her moves had been anticipated, and arranged for, like a chess
game you've lost but haven't finished, with no options but to go
through the motions or topple your king and surrender. "FUCK!"
she screamed out loud, instead of just in her head. It didn't
make her feel any better, but she had to let off some steam or
explode.

Finally she calmed down. /Maybe I won't get another task, it has
been a few days.../

No such luck.

After another night of tossing and turning, filled with horrible
dreams she couldn't quite remember that left her sweating and
anxious all the same, Brooke woke to find an envelope shoved
under the front door. A Valentine's Heart card /That sick
fucker!/, with a neatly folded note inside:


Lovely Brooke,

Your next task is at hand! Nothing difficult.
You are to collect a few autographs is all,
Saturday, in the park. Of course, to make
things interesting you won't be using an
autograph book, or a notepad, or any paper
at all. You will be what the guys will sign!
One signature on each of your breasts, one
signature on each of your inner thighs, and
one signature on the panties you will wear
that day. You must take the panties off in
front of the person that signs them, keeping
your skirt up until they are done, then you can
put them back on. When you have all five
signatures, go to the photo booth at the North
end of the park, and pose for a self portrait.
All the signatures must be visible in the
picture, and you have to be holding up the
panties, not wearing them. Someone will use
my name to collect the photo afterwards.
You have until 2PM, or you know what! Here's
a list of vendors who are expecting you, or
you can collect autographs from anyone else
in the park if you wish... but all five have
to be different people, no repeats.

Kisses!

Omega [Omega Symbol]


There was a list of ten names, three women and seven guys, along
with their locations in the park, like the Banana On A Stick
place in front of the Aviation Museum. The park wasn't just a
little patch of dirt with a swingset or two, it was acres of
gardens and musuems and other cultural sites, a major showplace
and destination for locals and tourists alike. Being so popular,
it was usually very crowded, which meant that Brooke would be
collecting her autographs very much in public. No small classroom
with twenty or thirty bored students mostly used to naked women,
even the less crowded spots were likely to have hundreds of
people milling around. The feminine names were a tease, she was
sure. A trade off - expose herself only to another woman, but the
locations given for these women were of course the most crowded
spots in the park, one was right next to the signature fountain
that everyone and their uncle wanted to have their picture taken
in front of, there wasn't a place in the park with more people
night or day.

/Oh, fuck ME! This is bad, very bad... how can I do this? I
*have* to. I'll just go early, and get the autographs as quickly
as possible. There will be a shitload of people, but if I'm quick
about it, not too many will see me. It won't be as bad as letting
those art class assholes stare right at me for an hour.../

Brooke tried to psych herself up, convince herself this very
public outing wouldn't be so bad, but it was a hard sell. She'd
been in the park, even on bad days, and it was always packed.
Always. There was no way she wasn't going to be seen by loads and
loads of people, even if she was quick. And who were these people
who were expecting her? They'd be in on the blackmailer's plans
to humiliate her, they weren't going to let her do things quickly
and cover back up, they'd surely make her stay exposed and show
her off as much as possible. If she had looked in the mirror
right then, she'd have seen that her fair, pretty face was
already blushing fiercely.

/Fuck!/

She had all that day to think about it, and was very distracted
in her classes, dreading her day in the park. One of her teachers
really reamed her out for not being prepared when she couldn't
correctly answer some questions about that days assignment, even
though she had done the work and had it right there in front of
her. She wound up bailing on her last class of the day, because
she just couldn't deal with it. Instead, she went home, and broke
out the now familiar bad-habit bottle, and got stinking drunk.
Not the smartest move. It did allow her to sleep, or at least
pass out, without having any horrid dreams, but she woke up late,
and hung over.

/Oh, great! So much for my early start... dumb! Dumb! Dumb! I
deserve this headache.../

Already past ten, she hurried through a quick shower, and got
dressed as quickly as her aching body would let her. She picked
out a loose blouse, that would let her expose a single breast at
a time if she was careful about it, and cover back up quickly. A
plain pair of panties that would come off easily, and a skirt
that came down just short of her knees. It could be pulled up in
front while still hanging down in the back, keeping her ass
covered, and her exposure to a minimum, while still obeying the
rules she'd been given. She added a pair of flat sandals, and
figured that would do for the day.

She scurried out to the kitchen, to prepare something quick and
easy to take with her, but her stomach roiled and protested at
the thought of food. /Fuck it, I need to get going anyways!/ She
grabbed her keys, and headed out the door, head still pounding,
and in such a hurry she almost forgot the list of names. She was
getting in her car when she thought about who she would get to
sign first, and where she should park, when she realized she
didn't have the list. /Damn! That would have been fucked up. Get
it together, girl!/ She hurried back inside and snatched the
list, and practically ran back to her car. Seconds later she was
flying towards the park, driving much too fast.

Luck was with her, and she avoided any run-ins with the law, and
didn't crash into anyone else, although she had a few close
calls. She never noticed. The parking lots were fairly full, but
she found a spot not too far from the North end of the park,
where she would have to finish her task at the self shot photo
booth. /Lot of people here today... duh, it is the weekend. Don't
think about it, just do it!/

She attracted more than a few looks as she strolled rapidly
through the park towards her first destination. In spite of
taking no time to do up her hair, and wearing almost no make up,
she was still quite a looker in her loose, casual outfit. Her
long legs were shown off to great effect by the above the knee
skirt, her muscles working smoothly as she kept up a quick pace,
her ass carrying a sexy wiggle back and forth from her momentum.
Her tits bounced freely as she moved, obviously unrestrained,
showing off nice glimpses of dark cleavage and promising swells
as they shifted under the relaxed fit of her blouse. Even the
hair was working for her, the tousled just out of the shower look
coming off as a little wild but carefully styled, an effect many
pay big money at top salons to achieve.

Brooke was aware of the looks. Normally she cultivated them,
liking very much to be noticed. Today, though, she really wished
she were invisible. Old habits die hard, though, and she
unconsciously added a little more swing to her hips, and she
flushed a little with pride, and just a touch of excitement at
being attractive enough to cause roaming eyes to focus her way.
Being found sexy by others made her feel sexy, even when she was
dressed like shit, nervous to near panic, and hung over as hell.
The conscious part of her very much wished they'd stop noticing
her, though. She knew she had things to do she didn't want to be
seen doing, and having all the male heads swivel as she went by
was not helping her nerves at all.

The hot dog stand she picked for her first signature gathering
wasn't the most secluded spot on the list. Her thinking was that
early in the day, before the crowds swelled, it would be better
to get a more populated area out of the way, saving the places
likely to have fewer people for later in the day. It was situated
at the lesser used side entrance to children's zoo, an
inconvenient way in, only used by people forced to park in the
overflow parking lot when the main lot was full.

There were a few cars in the lot, but it looked like she had made
a good choice, as it was only a few, and there didn't seem to be
many more piling in. She slowed her pace as she approached the
stand, getting more nervous the closer she got. The pimply
teenager manning the stand had a big grin on his face. With
stringy red hair, and a complexion combining the worst of acne
and freckles resembling a bad case of chicken pox, he looked like
Howdy Doody in the throes of puberty. Brooke hoped for his sake
that he had guessed who she was, and that the stupid grin wasn't
his usual expression, because it really made him look like the
50's wooden puppet, except stupider.

Brooke took a deep breath. /Get it over with girl. No one is
here!/

"Hi. I hope you are expecting me. I'm supposed to get an
autograph..."

"Sure! I was hoping you'd show up here. I have a pen right here,
as a matter of fact!"

Brooke didn't think it possible, but his grin got even wider. She
quickly pulled her blouse aside, baring her right tit, and leaned
in towards the hot dog dork so he could sign. To her surprise, he
only ogled her for a moment before signing her tit in magic
marker with a flourish. The whole thing had taken less than a
minute, and she hadn't been exposed for half that time, and then
only to the teenage vendor - there wasn't anyone else around. It
had been easy! The relief of getting it done was a rush, and she
felt a little dirty for showing off to this young guy, she
normally didn't tease teenagers, and the combination left her
feeling tingly.

"Damn! You have nice tits, Brooke. I'm glad you picked me. I wish
I could stare at you all day. Thanks for the show!"

The praise was a little embarassing, but also flattering, and
added to that tingly feeling. Wanting to run off, and get the
rest of this day over with, she still felt a little obliged to
the guy for being so cool about it. He could have been a real
ass, and he hadn't.

"I'm glad it was you. I'm sure you'll land a sexy girlfriend to
look at all the time, you are such a nice guy. I appreciate you
not making this awkward for me, you're a sweetie."

With that said, Brooke trotted off before the situation got too
weird. She felt kindly towards the guy for not being a jerk, but
didn't want to encourage him too much, or give him a chance to
change into an asshole. Even nice guys can make that switch given
the right stimulus. No reason to push her luck, and the clock was
ticking anyways.

The next destination she had decided on was the balloon stand,
almost all the way on the other side of the park. Again she
attracted many roving eyes as she hurried across the lush
acreage, her fine figure and easy athletic motion just drew
eyeballs the way a flame draws moths. It was enough attention
that the tingly feeling she had leaving the hot dog stand did not
go away. It didn't grow, but it stayed constant, a warmness and
excitement that was familiar, normally quite enjoyable, but today
a little disturbing. /I don't need these distractions! Get a
grip, Brooke, and get this shit over and done with.../

The balloon stand was the complete opposite of the hot dog stand.
Normally a fairly empty part of the park, there were a few people
wandering around when Brooke arrived, and while they mostly left
with hanging around long, new faces replaced them at a fairly
constant rate. This autograph session wasn't going to be witness
free. The guy running the stand was probably around 25, and quite
good looking, in a GQ sort of way. Wavy black hair with greasy
pomade, a lantern jaw with just a touch of shadow, and a very
athletic build. He was slick, with a sly smile. He also turned
out to be an asshole, or at least Brooke thought so.

"Ah, Brooke. So glad to see you. Of course I haven't seen as much
of you as I might, now, have I?" he chuckled at his own humor.

Brooke was nervous. She didn't like having anyone around, but
there didn't seem to be anything to do about that. She'd waited a
few moments, scoping out the scene, before approaching, and had
seen that the crowd was fairly steady. Waiting longer might only
make the numbers go up. She also didn't like the way this guy was
acting, he seemed a little too smooth, the type of guy she would
brush off at a party, sure he was just acting the Playa.

"So you are expecting me? Good. Let's get this done with, OK?"

"Fine, fine, girl. No problem. Always eager to please," he said,
his smile looking as greasy as his slicked back hair as he waved
a Magic Marker.

Brooke pulled her blouse aside, baring her left tit. As she did,
one of the passing strollers noticed, looked shocked then
pleased, and stopped to watch. /Fucking great! Now I've got an
audience. I hope no one else notices... hurry up, asshole!/

But hurrying up was not on the asshole's agenda. He just sat
there waving the Magic Marker, and admiring her bare breast.

"Come on, come on," pleaded Brooke. "People are noticing, and I
need to move on!"

"Relax, babe. Just admiring the view. No big deal if a few people
get a view, you're a lovely sight." He paused, drawing things out
some more, before continuing. "Besides, you didn't ask me nicely,
and I think I'd rather sign your thigh than your tits. Better put
that away and raise your skirt, before I change my mind, and
don't sign at all."

/Fucker!/

Brooke covered herself back up, and seriously considered just
leaving and getting a signature from somewhere else, but time was
slipping by at an amazing rate, racing towards her deadline. When
she noticed the guy who had stopped was now moving on, figuring
the show was over, she decided to go ahead and get the thigh
signature from the balloon selling jackass, and at least get
something for her troubles.

"OK, OK, please, just sign, OK? Will you sign my thigh?"

The GQ jerk acted like he was thinking about it for a moment
before saying yes.

Brooke pulled up her skirt, and raised her right leg some, so he
had a clear shot at her thigh. She was relieved when he actually
signed with the Magic Marker, although she could have done
without him rubbing the back of his hand across her mound when he
got to the end. She quickly dropped her skirt, and ran. She
noticed several people had been watching, and heard a wolf
whistle as she fled. What would they think had been going on? She
felt so embarrassed! She was flushed, blushing, and hated to
admit that the brief touching of her pussy the jerk had done felt
good, but it had, and both the rush of blood from blushing and
the touch had heightened the tingling that had started at the hot
dog stand. She was turned on, although not exactly happy about
it. She felt a little like her body was betraying her.

She finally stopped running, and sat on a bench to catch her
breath. No one seemed to have followed her at least. She had no
idea what she would do if someone did. After she calmed down a
little bit, and her pounding heart had slowed some, she looked at
her watch. /Fuck! It's one O'clock. I've only got about an hour
left!/

Brooke quickly decided to hit another balloon stand, this one
near to the Modern Art Museum, because that area was usually a
little less attended than other more popular spots in the park.
She dog trotted off that direction, afraid to just walk because
time was running out to get this task done, plus she really
wanted it to be done and over with. Failing to meet the deadline
would have such bad consequences, but she was also really nearing
the edge of freaking out. The public exposure, combined with the
time pressure, was giving her the worst case of nerves she had
ever had, and the teasing by that last prick really hadn't helped
matters.

Her gut felt like it was about to explode when she saw who was
manning the balloon stand. She hadn't known the name from the
list, but she sure recognized him. It was one of the guys who had
been in the art class! /Fuck!/ A quick look at her watch, and
Brooke knew she had no time to go pick someone else, she needed
another signature right away! Almost trembling, she quickly
approached the balloon vendor and wanna be art student.

"Uh, hey, uh..."

"Ah, Brooke! I was told you might be in the park today. What
luck! I assume you need my autograph, right?" he chuckled.

"Yes, yes that is right. Would you please sign my breast? I hate
to cut things short, but I'm sort of on a deadline, so could you
make it quick? Please!?"

"Anything for a lovely lady. Where should I sign?"

Brooke steeled herself to not look around. She knew there were
people watching, but she was trying very hard to pretend they
weren't there. She opened her blouse, and popped out her breast
to be signed. She heard a gasp and a couple of chuckles, which
made it really hard to pretend she was unobserved, but she kept
her head locked straight ahead, and tried her best.

This prick had seemed like he might just sign and be done with
it, but it wasn't to be. He started making a little doodle first,
and with every stroke of the pen his hand kept brushing against
her nipple ring, giving it little tugs and flicks. After he had
drawn a small cat at the inside of her cleavage, and labeled it
"sweet pussy", he signed his name with a flourish. Then he gave a
quick, sharp breath right at her nipple, already throbbing and
erect from his earlier tweeking. The breath shot a shock right up
Brooke's spine, an instant flashback to her bare pussy getting
the same treatment in front of the art class. Her body pulsed,
her nipples grew even taughter, and her pussy actually began to
drip.

"There! A real work of art! And the drawing ain't bad, either!"
he sniggered at his crude joke, but by the time he had started
laughing, Brooke had her breast tucked away, and was making rapid
time away from the stand. She flushed so fully with embarrassment
she got light headed, for as she turned away, she saw that at
least twenty people had been doing nothing but watching her get a
drawing on her bare tit, some a little shocked, but most of them
giggling and laughing about it.

/God! They must think I'm such a slut.../ Brooke moaned almost
out loud, even giving out a little squeak as she once again ran
away.

/I've got to get through this, and fast, or I'll never finish.
Where to next? It's all going to be crowded now. I'm so
*FUCKED!*/

As she hurried off, she saw a frozen banana stand that was tucked
out of the way of the main thoroughfares. /Bingo! That one is on
the list, and there is hardly anyone around!/

She threaded through a hedge and a set of benches to the stand
quickly.

"Hi! You've been expecting me, right? I need your autograph!"

Her skirt was up, and her thigh stood exposed, ready for a
signature, before she had even caught her breath, or the
semi-stunned guy behind the stand could even answer. He was quick
on the uptake, though, and whipped out a marker.

"Now, come over here where I can do a good job."

He proceeded to move her this way, then that way, obviously
delaying and prolonging her exposure. What had seemed like a good
location quickly proved otherwise, as she hadn't gone far away
fast enough to keep many of the people who had seen her get her
tit signed by the balloon man from catching up to enjoy another
show and tell session. Mostly guys, but a few girls too. Her
audience had grown! Now there had to be fifty people looking at
her raised skirt and exposed thigh, and with considerable
embarassment Brooke realized that there was an obvious damp spot
on her panties! Nothing to do but grin and bear it, she patiently
waited for the bannana vendor to sign her thigh, with her heart
pounding so hard and fast it felt like it was about to explode
out of her mouth.

When he finally did sign, Brooke immediately exploded into a
sprint, and ran away from the crowd as fast as she could. She was
so full of adrenaline it had been hard to hold still long enough
for the signature. A couple guys tried to jog along with her,
sure that something else was bound to happen with this hot girl,
but they gave up as she really left them in the dust. A final
comment she heard just before she ducked around a bathroom was
"Must be some kind of Sorority prank or something. She sure
seemed to be enjoying it, though!"

/One last signature!/ Of course it was the worst one, her
panties. She wouldn't just be exposing a tit, or showing off her
legs this time. Everyone around was going to see her bare snatch
as she had to remove the panties to be signed, and hold up her
skirt, staying completely exposed to one and all, until they were
signed and she put them back on. She had been saving one of the
girls on the list for this one, thinking that another girl would
feel bad for her, and not make a huge scene or embarass her
further. Unfortunately she didn't know that the girl she had
picked was a lesbian, and quite fond of humiliating other girls
for fun and excitement.

Brooke made her way to the West end of the park, where the girl
on the list sold sunglasses. This was also not too far from the
photo booth at the north end she had to finish this event in.
/Damn! I know what to do in the booth!/ Her sudden insight of
what she was going to do about the final picture eased her mind a
bit, but her heart was still pounding in her chest, and she felt
flushed, almost woozy. Turned on, nervous, flushed from exertion,
and embarrassed all at the same time had her entire nervous
system sizzling. She approached the sunglass hut darn near a
complete wreck, and if she had known what the cute redhead
working there was about to do, she would have said "Fuck It!" and
run away.

The redhead was cute, too, the kind of girl Brooke would normally
have quite a bit of fun flirting with.

"I need your autograph!"

"What exactly am I supposed to sign?"

"My panties."

"Ohh. I don't know...  we could get in a lot of trouble!"

"Come on, you've been waiting for me. Please help me, I don't
have much time left!"

"OK. Take 'em off. You do know the rules, right?"

Brooke nodded, bit her lip, raised her skirt and tucked it so it
would stay up, then peeled her panties down and gave them to the
girl. She was naked from the waist down, and a sharp, loud wolf
whistle made her jump and almost faint. She had at least as much
of a crowd as she had at the banana stand, and the comments were
flying.

"Look at her!" "What is she doing?" "What a slut!" "Look, she is
shaved clean!" and many more lewd, insulting, and humiliating
things were being said, some right to her - "Turn around so we
can get the whole view!"

The redhead made a show of waving the panties around for all to
see.

"I need to dry these out before I can sign them, they are too wet
to take any ink. What exactly have you been doing today?" she
winked. "Must have been some fun! Oh, I don't have a pen, wait
right here..." and before Brooke could say or do anything, she
had disappeared with the panties through a door right behind the
sunglass hut, and was gone!

/Oh, *SHIT!* What can I do? I can't put my skirt down, I can't
just run away, but I can't just stand her half naked and wait!
*FUCK!*/

Brooke was a trembling wreck, standing with her skirt up, her wet
pussy totally exposed for a large crowd of strangers to stare at,
not knowing what to do with herself. Someone started to clap, and
it caught on, and Brooke was now being assaulted by loud applause
and whistles. "When is the next show, babe?" "Take the rest off!"

Brooke was about to run lest she faint when the girl finally took
mercy on her, and emerged from the back room with the panties
signed. It looked like the whole thing was over, until it became
obvious that the girl wasn't going to just hand them over, she
wanted to put them on Brooke herself. Brooke couldn't do anything
but step into them, and let the girl pull them up until they were
snug tightly against her mound, shifting them around and rubbing
her pussy in front of the applauding crowd. She pulled her hand
back, showing off the obvious moisture there, and then made a
show of smelling and then tasting her fingers.

"God damn, that's some tasty pussy!"

The crowd roared!

As soon as the girls hands were off her, Brooke had her skirt
down, and this sprint made her earlier runs look quite amateur.
The photo booth was all she could think about now, even as she
ran she could feel her juices soaking her panties, her heaving
chest made her throbbing nipples ache, and the nipple rings were
no help as they caught on her blouse, tugging and teasing them
even more. But there was the photo booth! Brooke dived inside,
and it seemed she had gotten away from her admirers. /5 minutes
to spare! I did it!/

Now Brooke put her hastily conceived plan into effect. She really
had been dreading having to take this picture, with her breasts
and pussy exposed, but the worst of it was her face. She didn't
need any more blackmail material out there, although it was
obvious that her tormentor could create much worse. But why
provide fuel for the fire? Brooke undid her blouse, exposing the
two signatures and the little drawing on her chest, took her
panties off, and making sure the signature side was showing,
prepared to take the picture she was required to take. Legs
spread wide, showing off both of the signatures on her thighs,
and her now very sloppy slit, she held the panties up as the
camera flashed, catching everything in its winking lens - except
her face! She kept that little secret hidden behind the panties.
She might have to show off everything else, but there wasn't
going to be any way they could tell for sure who was doing the
showing!

She felt almost victorious over her blackmailer. She had followed
the rules, but kept a little something of herself back. She had a
tinge of fear that the blackmailer might get pissed, and do
something in retaliation, but she had followed the rules... /Fuck
it! I had to do something.../

Brooke quickly put her panties back on, and covered up. The
printed picture, with its typical four frames, was ready in the
pickup slot, and it was perfect. All four shots clearly showed
all the signatures, and all of Brooke for that matter, except her
face. The panties covered it almost perfectly. Her pussy was
prominently on display, pouty and puffy; her nipples, adorned by
the rings, were obviously swollen and tender; but you could not
see her face behind the wet panties with their slightly smeared
signature.

Brooke had hardly emerged from the booth when the girl from the
sunglass hut strolled up.

"Omega sent me. He thought you might pick me, so he did too. I
need the picture, it is time."

Brooke reluctantly handed over the picture.

"Nice! I see you covered your face without technically breaking
the rules. Clever. I'm sure Omega will let you get away with
that, but he'll probably also make you regret doing it. I'm
impressed, though. Keep up the good work, you get through this
soon."

The girl gave Brooke a quick peck on the cheek, turned away, and
was gone in the crowd. Brooke turned as well, and practically
limped out to the parking lot. She felt like she had run a
marathon, and the let down was intense. She napped in the car for
half an hour before she felt like she had enough strength to
drive home. She moped around the house the rest of the day, and
tried to go to bed early. Sleep wouldn't come, though, as a few
thoughts ran through her head again and again.

/What are they going to do with that picture? And what will I
have to do next...?/

And

/Why did that girl seem to know so much? She has to know Omega,
or be in on the whole thing. Maybe *SHE* is Omega! Fuck, it
doesn't matter, does it? I almost wound up fucked when I tried to
find out anything from that art model. It isn't worth it. Like
she said, it is almost over...

But is it?/


        DV
http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com
