Author: russianguy26 (sluttish_88@yahoo.com)
Title: Making a plaything
Part: chapter 1
Summary: A guy dropped by at his friend's place, but the friend was away. He was glad that his older sister was in. She was so excited that she tried to get his cock out of his pants, but she didn't know how much it would change her life.
Keywords: mf, vaginal sex, teens, slut, blowjob
Contact: sluttish_88@yahoo.com

Chapter 1

It was a strange that Andrew, the naughty guy of 18 guy, had a friend of 16. His friend's name was Oleg and they both went to the same school. Oleg and Andrew were very close friends for a long time and there was nothing they didn't share. The only secret Andrew had never revealed to him was that he had a a huge rush on Oleg's 19 years-old sister.
     
  One day when Andrew was not very far from his close friend's place he made up his mind to visit him. It didn't take too long for him to reach his apartment's door and ring the doorbell. He wasn't sure whether Oleg was home or not. He could hear light steps behind the door and the guy guessed that it was Oleg's stunning sister. Oh boy, how right he was. 

  The girl opened the door and stood there leaning back against the doorjamb. Her nice smile could enslave every guy forever. Andrew adored her so much and he was sure that the girl liked him, because Lena was always very friendly to him. There were some flirt on several occasions, but nothing serious. She dated with a college prosperous boy and she was going to marry him.

  That day wasn't an exception and grinning, he just asked, "Hi, is Oleg in?"
     
  "No, he went shopping, but he'll be back soon. You can wait him inside. Come in.," she replied simply like she always did.
     
  At first Andrew thought that he should refuse like any well-mannered guy, but then he decided to stay. Not every day he could spend some time, talking with Oleg's stunning sister. Especially her appearance had given him a boner. Lena wore a short nightie-gown that hardly went to her knees and her hair was dripping wet after taking a shower. Andrew considered that Lena was a nice girl for every guy to have and he envied her boyfriend.

  Lena was smart enough to understand that Andrew was her secret admirer and she was in the mood for some teasing. The girl closed the front door and led the way. She understood that the guy didn't listen to what she was saying, because his eyes were focused on her swaying hips. How much he wanted to pull the hem of her nightie-gown up and fuck the shit of her ass.

  After having shown him to Oleg's room, Lena left him alone there. As soon as she had closed the door behind her, the guy put his hand on his crotch and rubbed it. Trying to relax, Andrew thought how great it would be to fuck around with her.

  Lena liked to tease and she was going to see how far it could go. Making sandwiches for him like any good hostess, she considered that she would have to tease him carelessly or her boyfriend could get to know all about that and there would be problems for Andrew and for her. Absorbed with her nasty thoughts, Lena was on the way to the room with a plate full of sandwiches for Andrew to snack on. 

  "Help yourself, stud!" Lena said with a broad smile on her face.
 
  "Thanks, girl!" Andrew replied in his polite manner.

  He was really hungry by that time and he took one. After he had bit it, he said, smiling, "Yummy!"

  Lena liked it, even if it was flattery. The girl felt her pussy getting wet and she considered it wasn't right. The dirty ideas struck her and she became afraid of them, but she couldn't do anything. Before his ringing the door, she laid masturbating in her bed and she became interrupted in the midway.

  "Let me have it," Lena said.

  Without hesitation, he stretched out his hand with the sandwich in it. Teasingly, the girl bit a piece of it, savouring the snack. When he pulled the sandwich back, she took his hand in hers. The sandwich fell down, scattering on the floor. Andrew was about to clean up the mess, but he stopped in his tracks. 

  Lena pulled his finger to her mouth and sucked it in slowly, staring at his eyes. Andrew didn't expect it at all and lost his gift of speech from her unusual behaviour. All that gave his cock a stir and he didn't want her to stop sucking on his finger. Lena liked that Andrew wasn't resisting, although she was sure that no one could resist it. The girl tried to do it very tenderly and sensuously, taking his fingers to the knuckles. Andrew always considered her a real lewd girl, but he had never thought that he would witness it. Her sucking on his fingers and slurping moans were driving crazy and he felt his cock leaking pre-cum in the pants.

  Lena knew that it was abnormal, but she was out of control now. The girl was over the edge, but she wanted more, much more. Like in a trance, Lena got his finger out of her mouth and moved his relaxed hand down her lust-filled body. Andrew was ready for anything, but he couldn't expect what was coming. The girl moved his trembling hand under the material of the gown towards her breasts. The guy couldn't believe how lucky he was and the sensation of her naked flesh under the nightie was too much for him.

  Andrew wasn't a fool and he understood what she wanted. He himself wanted the same. As soon as his hand had turned out on her naked tit, he squeezed it gently. What else could he do? They both wanted it. 

  Like in a trance, Andrew planted his lips on hers. Her mouth was opened a bit and his intentions were immediately rewarded with her wet agile tongue that slid inside his mouth. Lena couldn't wait any longer and pressed herself against his body. The girl put her arms around his neck and kept on french-kissing. Although she was always faithful, Lena absolutely forgot that she was cheating on her boyfriend now. She even could feel the tent in Andrew's pants and it was the only thing that occupied her mind. Things like these had never happened with her before.

  With every passing moment, Lena's kisses became wetter and wetter and she was sure that her brother's friend liked it. He squeezed her breast harder and harder, twisting her swollen nipple between his fingers and his breath was more gasping. Their tongues fiercely struggled in their mouth and Andrew wanted to go to another level. Of course, he was having the time of his life, but he wanted more. 

  His hand left her breast and Lena didn't even notice it. She was living in her own world now and nothing could have her awaken. The girl kissed him and thought that she had to know how good he could manage with his young cock. Imaging it, Lena didn't even notice how Andrew's hand appeared on her slim waist. He was very good at untying the belt on her nightie. She was surprised how fast her nightie-gown left her body and it ended up on the floor. 

  Lena could imagine the way Andrew felt now, because she stood in all glory in front of him. It gave her new wave of pleasure and her kisses became more slurping. He was afraid of her interrupting their making-out and he started kissing her back more passionately in return. The guy was sure that he could get everything from this girl if he made her hot a little more. In her turn, Lena was pretty sure that his cock was ready for action.

  Andrew got his attention back to her naked breasts. His hand landed on her perky tit. Lena felt hot waves of pleasure spreading in her body as the guy's hand squeezed her sensuous breast tight. It was exciting the girl beyond the belief. Keeping on kissing her, Andrew's hands were playing with her swollen nipples so that they were getting harder with every passing moment. Through her breaths, the guy felt her moans during kisses and it drove him crazy. 

  Having such a stunning naked beauty in his hand, Andrew broke the kiss and planted his lips on her left breast. The girl threw her head back in pleasure as she felt her nipple getting sucked in. Lena couldn't conceal her enotions any more and she just moaned loudly without a shadow of shame. Lena already forgot that she was a faithful girl and the only thing she wanted was to put her hands on his cock. Her mind was blurred from excitement as Andrew's tongue swirled around her hard nipples, covering it with saliva and then he kept on sucking on them again. While he was doing it, Andrew never forgot about paying attention to the other breast. His hand was squeezing and the nipple danced between his experienced fingers. After he had been through with one nipple, he went to the other. 

  Lena was in the seventh heaven and her mind was out of control. Her both pink nipples became red and shiny with his spit. Andrew glanced at her and the girl's look excited him terribly. He knew that he could go further with the girl. 

  His hand left her breast and it slowly moved down her body, trailing every curve of her slim body, but his mouth never stopped playing with her hard nipples. It didn't much time for the guy's hand to reach her pubis and Lena didn't stop it. Andrew just couldn't believe that it was happening with him. 

  In a moment he felt a thin strip of hair that was well-trimmed. He couldn't resist the temptation of touching her pussy lips. They were so slippery and inviting that he stuck his finger inside her vagina without giving it a second thought. As soon as the half of the finger had entered, Lena breathed out heavily. It was like a signal for Andrew to carry on finger-fucking her love-box, because Lena didn't try to stop him.. Her gasps became heavier, but Andrew knew that he was doing right. 

  Lena felt so good and she needed the release. Like a cock-addict, the girl stretched out her hand to his crotch and squeezed. Andrew immediately froze and he couldn't believe that it was happening, he thought it would be only his fantasy, but he was mistaken. The girl he had been wanting for a long time was squeezing his hard cock through the material. Lena could literally feel his cock getting swollen under her touch. 

  Andrew wasn't a stupid fool and understood that he had to do. The guy got his fingers out of her slurping pussy and sweet juices of hers poured out, staining her thighs. He brought the fingers towards his dry mouth and licked them, savouring the taste of her juice as Lena was busy getting his hard-on out of his jeans. 

  As soon as the girl had managed to do it, she squatted in front of Andrew and her head was close to his hard-on. The girl and the guy knew what was going to happen and they was eager for it. 

  At first Lena just took it in her hand and started jerking it off, up and down very slowly. The bigger the cock grew, the faster she did it. The girl saw that the entire dickhead was wet with pre-cum and a huge glob of it formed on the piss-hole. The girl guessed that it was high time for having fun. Like a good slut, she kissed the head of his cock, staining her sensuous lips in the pre-cum. 

  The guy had been looking forward to her taking his throbbing cock in her mouth for a long time and it had finally happened. Although Andrew slept with several girls, no one gave him a blowjob and he rolled his eyes back into the head with pleasure. Lena was eager to do it herself without being asked. 

  Her tongue circled around his cock's piss-hole and every time more and more pre-cum was collected with her agile mouth. She could feel his balls tightening and the girl certainly knew that he was about to cum. So the girl increased the tempo of stroking for getting her reward as fast as possible. She stuck her tongue out and waited his cum in anticipation. Lena didn't have to wait too long. 

  Since it was his first time he couldn't bear it long enough and hot stream of his jizz spurted out straight in her warm mouth. Although the girl had never let her boyfriend do so, she now didn't think it was dirty and Lena didn't waste a drop of Andrew's delicious cum. It surprised Andrew very much, because he always thought that girls didn't like tasting cum, but Lena was eager to swallow every drop of it like something delicious. She was different kind of girl and Andrew liked it very much.

  Tasting the guy's cum, Lena looked up and saw him having the time of his life. She liked this look on a guy's face although it was the first time she had been cheating on her boyfriend.

  Gasping, Andrew flopped down on the bed and tried to restore his breath after the outrageous orgasm with that cover girl. It didn't take much time for him to come to himself after the first blowjob in his life and it felt so good. He glanced at her and understood that it was only the beginning of their fun. It was so unbelievable to see by his side a girl in all glory. Her legs were spread wide and her fingers flicked on her swollen clit. Her wet pussy lips looked so inviting and the guy was smart enough to understand that it was his turn to give pleasure.

  Andrew bent down to her pussy and its aroma enslaved his mind. It was very much to him and the guy gave it a lick. He understood that he did it right, because Lena removed her hand from her clit and let him take care of it. His tongue slowly slid between its lips into the girl's wet pussy. As the guy started licking her dripping wet pussy, his nose rubbed against her swollen bean, the clit. It brought warm waves of pleasure that began filling up her slim body. 

  It was clear that the girl was enjoying it. She grabbed Andrew by hair and pressed his head tightly against her juicy pussy like a bitch in the heat.  The guy liked her reaction and he began licking faster. He could feel her pussy clenching around his tongue. Andrew led her closer to an orgasm and he could hear her loud moans of pleasure coming from her cum-stained lips. The guy knew that it was a perfect time for fucking this girl. 

  Andrew guessed that if he kept on lapping her pussy, Lena would have an orgasm, but it didn't mean that she'd agree to have sex with him after that. The guy understood that the girl could refuse, because oral sex was one thing but an intercourse was absolutely another stuff. He couldn't miss his chance.

  Lena didn't change the position after her lover had risen up and taken a position between her legs. The girl couldn't believe that she was cheating on her boyfriend, but there was nothing she could do about it. She just laid there in anticipation of his hard cock.

  Andrew looked down and saw his cock all wet and hard over her pink slippery pussy that was ready for action. Then the guy stared at her bedroom eyes and understood that Lena was eager to be screwed. Keeping their eye-contact, Andrew grabbed his cock and started slowly driving it inside her hot pussy. The position wasn't comfortable for him and he had to raise up a bit. As soon as he was in the appropriate position, the guy thrust his entire cock in one move. Her pussy clenched tightly around his cock and Andrew threw his head back and rolled his eyes back into the head in pleasure.

  Lena breathed out when she felt that hard meat inside her. The girl hadn't seen her boyfriend for a month and she missed a good fucking very much. She didn't have the will to protest and she finally got stuffed. Although Andrew's cock was less than her boyfriend, but it felt good too.

  Her legs obediently hugged his muscled hips and Lena began moving with her brother's friend in rhythm. Andrew liked that the girl didn't resist him and he laid flat on the top of her. He was kind of romantic and planted his lips on hers. Lena loved it and kissed him in return. If they could be seen, they could be considered to be a loving couple. They kisses became slurping and their tongues were struggling with each other, swapping some spit as her pussy was making squishing sounds. Andrew had been a shy guy before, but there was no shyness left in him now. Lena was glad to take his tongue deep in her warm mouth and his cock deep in her snatch. When their kisses were broken, the girl only managed to moan, gasping, "Yes, baby! Like this! Yeah baby, just a bit harder!" Those moans for a pounding gave him more strength to hammer her pussy harder.

  Despite of his recent orgasm, Andrew felt his cum boiling in the balls again and he sped up. He didn't give a care that she could get pregnant, but Lena was smart and she was on the pills. Although the guy was over the edge, he made up his mind to delay his orgasm, because he had more things in his mind to try.

  That pounding made him very tired and he wanted to change the position. Without getting out the cock, the teenager grabbed her tight ass cheeks with both hands and rolled her in one move so that the girl turned out on the top. Lena was happy that Andrew thought about her and she liked riding a cock very much. She was quite happy that she was allowed to be in charge. 

  The girl started sliding up and down his cock faster and faster and her firm tits bounced in the rhythm with her pace, up and down. It was surely the guy's luckiest day. Alike a zombie, Andrew grabbed her tits that were bouncing in front of his fog-filled eyes. It felt so good to squeeze firm tits and have his cock clenched in her wet pussy. Andrew knew that he couldn't last to long. His balls were tightening already and it wouldn't take much time for him to cum.

  "Fucking A!" the guy breathed out heavily. He realized that Lena was cumming. She screamed out loud at the top of her lungs, arched her back and froze. Her pussy clenched around his cock tightly, covering it with her juice. Seeing the girl in that condition and that position made Anderw more excited. Her sweat ran down her curves and dropped on his heaving chest. 

  Andrew was at the point of no-return and could wait any longer. He put his hands on her ass and statrted pumping in and out of her milking pussy. It took about several moments when he felt that his cock was going to spurt. The guy rodded out his swollen cock out of her teen pussy as fast as he could and hot streams of his baby-making cum landed on her ass crack.
     
  The teenagers lay there on the sofa, having the time of their lives. They tried to come to themselves after a toe-curving orgasm. Andrew;s cock got softened and rested on her cum-stained ass. The guy was very happy that he dropped by when his friend was away. Thinking it over, a shocking idea suddenly struck him.

  "Fuck girlie, Oleg might be here at any moment," Andrew whispered.
     
  The guy paled at that idea and he wanted to leave as soon as possible. He was eager to get up, get dressed and bolt away. Andrew even forgot that it was his special day, it was his first time and his friend's stunning sister was the first girl who had ever sucked his cock..

  Seeing how confused her brother's friend was, Lena giggled, "Ah funny. I was just kidding earlier, my stud. He's at training now and then he goes to some Internet club to play that stupid Counter-Strike computer game with friends. I think I can get more cum out of your balls."
     
  She sounded like she was a natural-born slut who was eager to fuck endlessly. The words of this cum-addict gave Andrew's cock a stir and he had already come twice. That day he had known that Lena wasn't just a stupid girl who only liked talking. She was a girl of action.

  After those words the girl dipped her fingers in the pools of sticky cum that were on her ass. Lena didn't know what was overtaking her, but she wanted Andrew badly. The girl just couldn't resist it at all like it was some kind of a magic. She was fast enough to lay on her back and she immediately moved her well-trained legs behind her ears demonstrating her wet pussy to the guy. Staring at Andrew's eyes the girl moved her cum-covered fingers over to her inviting pussy and two fingers of hers easily entered it. Without blinking Lena began sawing the fingers in and out of her stretched pussy, lubricating it with the guy's sticky thick cum.

  Andrew liked what he saw and he couldn't say that he didn't like it. The situation seemed so unbelievable, but he wanted to fuck more and more. He didn't know for sure if it was his only opportunity to screw around with her, but he was eager to have the time of his life. 

  The guy felt that his cock was ready for more and he took the position between her stretched legs again. His swollen cock, full of desire again, was entering her pussy so slowly and it was still clenching tightly around the guy's cock, although he had already fucked her. As his cock went deeper, its tightness was turning into pleasure.

  When he was balls deep, Andrew started pumping the girl up. He felt more sensations in that position and the girl was in the seventh heaven. She felt her toes curling and Lena couldn't resist her secret dream. 

  "Oh my God! daddy... daddy... fuck, it feels so good!" Lena cried out loud.

  To be fucked by her father was her secret dream, but Andrew considered it the truth. It was hard for him to guess it a dream after her being slutty. He could believe in everything now, but he was wrong. Lena was always a very shy girl and she had never acted like this before. Just something had overtaken her.

  As they were fucking at the full throttle, the guys heard keys' clicking in the lock of the front door. It made them frightened as hell. Notwithstanding her excitement, Lena threw the guy from herself in the twinkle of an eye.

  Getting dressed, she begged, "Andrew, get dressed! Fast!"

  Confused, the guy slowly came to himself and the reality struck him. They were about to get busted. Like crazy, he rushed to his stuff and got dressed. Andrew knew that it would be the end of the world if they got busted. 

  After a couple of minutes, the door of the room swept open and there was Oleg, Lena's brother and Andrew's friend. Oleg was surprised to see them, but he was glad to see his close friend. Andrew and Lena just sat on the sofa and snacked on the sandwiches.

  In his friendly manner, Oleg said, "Hiya man, whuzzup?"
     
  Andrew came to himself and said in a nice tone, "Heh Oleg, I just dropped by to check out if you were home, but your ass was out!"

  The three of them laughed at it.
     
  "Yeah, I was away playing Doom on the Internet with some friends. I won first place!" Oleg replied and Lena could see that her brother was happy.
     
  "You are a lucky man like me, dude!" Andrew said and Lena got the point of it.
     
  "What are you gonna do now?" Oleg asked and he was sure that his friend would suggest something cool as usual.

  "Oh boy, I'd be happy to hang out but I gotta bounce. Some another day, ok?" his friend replied with a mourning look on his face.
     
  "Right," Oleg said. Then see ya!"
     
  "Later man!"
     
  Saying good-bye to each other they struck fives and Lena made her way to walk Andrew the front door. Staying at the doorjamb, the girl said in a whisper, "Don't tell anybody about it or you'll be sorry. Maybe, One day I'll treat you really good like I have done it today."

  The girl smiled and blew him a kiss. Andrew was sure that it would happen. It'd certainly happen.

Your comments and feedbacks are highly appreciated at sluttish_88@yahoo.com
