Christine Chapel had come to the conclusion that she had nothing to lose by making a play for Spock. After all, she was a woman with needs and Spock was a man, well half a man, and that half was bound to have needs as well, right? She always came to that part and worried a little. No, she told herself, this plan would work. No man could resist it, not even half a man. She had come to this decision after watching countless couples pair off over the last 6 months of the Enterprises mission. The captain and yeoman Rand, McCoy and that little brunette from engineering, Chekov and that redhead from communications, the captain and the leader of the Indian tribe on the last planet, the captain and that blond from engineering, the captain and...the list went on and on. Oh, sure, she had paired up with the Doctor once; it was what everyone expected them to do, working so close to each other. She knew that McCoy was head over heals for her but she had her eye on Spock, and nothing could get in the way of that. When she and the doctor had coupled for the first time, it was all she could do not to cry Spocks name into the Doctors shoulder as his pounding cock brought her to climax.
Remembering the image as she came, of Spock looking down on her instead of the Doctor, of Spock panting her name over and over, made her hand tremble and the hypo spray she was loading dropped from it onto the table. She quickly picked it up and
glanced towards where McCoy sat, doing computations on the sickbay computer. He was engrossed in what he was doing and Christine decided now was the time. She nonchalantly picked up another hypo spray and walked over to the large cabinet beside
McCoy, keeping an eye on him as she did so. His eyes never left the screen as she picked up a spray of vendrimine and phalamine and loaded both of them into the empty hypo. Walking back to the desk where she had been working, she palmed the hypo into the belt at her waist and returned to what she had been working on. She couldn't help but smile at what she had planned for later that evening.
At 1900 hours, she was waiting around the corner from Spock's cabin, gathering her courage for what she was about to do. It had taken her a few days of careful planning to get everything ready and to make sure she knew where Spock would be. She knew
that at that very moment he was on deck 6, walking down the hallway to his cabin. When she first thought things through, she had thought that the plan would have worked better if she was already in his cabin, but that would have meant breaking in, and with Spocks telepathic capabilities, she figured he might sense her waiting inside and call security. No, if she went in afterwards and the plan failed and he rejected her, she would turn, admit defeat and slink back to her quarters alone. She knew Spock was too much of a gentleman to ever say anything to anyone else about what she had done, that was one of the reasons she had decide to try in the first place. She really had nothing to lose by trying. She heard his footsteps approach from down the hall and she had a panicked thought that he might be able to sense she was there. No, she was too far away for
him to pick up on her thoughts, she knew. She had calculated everything out to the t. She heard the door to his cabin swoosh open and then swoosh closed. Give him a minute to relax and change out of his uniform and then she would act. The minutes ticked by, more then she meant to wait, but she was stalling.... she finally shook herself and resolutely walked to the door, and pressed the intercom.
"Come in" she heard Spock's voice, and the door opened. He was sitting on the edge of a chair with his Vulcan musical instrument in hand. She never could remember the name of the thing; she only wished that Spock would someday touch her as he caressed the strings of it. He looked up as she entered and waited patiently for her to explain her presence.
"Spock. Hi. Um...I wanted to talk to you about something." Hell, where was her courage now?
"Yes, nurse? What is it?" A tiny spark lit in her head. She had asked him a thousand times to call her Christine and she told him so, a little peeved. His eyebrow rose in response, but she continued with her speech.
"Well, Spock, the Doctor was reading up on Vulcan diseases and he discovered a few that we should inoculate you for. He sent me to give you the injections before you retire tonight." Now his eyebrow was raised and his head tilted in a questioning gesture. She saw that he was about to argue and she stumbled ahead.
"Yes...yes, you could have come down to sickbay to do it, but he wasn't sure how you would be feeling, and if you would be alright to make it back to your cabin." When she had rehearsed it in her mind, it had sounded totally convincing, but now it just sounded like an excuse to be in his cabin. Well, she didn't care. She looked at him closely for the first time upon entering and she allowed her heart a small leap of joy. He had changed into traditional Vulcan attire, and the deep shiny purple of the material looked amazingly good next to his skin. His cabin smelled of him, it was a clean, sharp smell and she
wished she could bury her face in his neck and take in the full scent. His words broke her out of her reverie.
"Alright, Christine. I am ready for the injection." He stated as he watched her closely.
She gulped and moved closer, positioning the hypo spray near his neck. She thought she would feel triumphant at this moment, but all she could think about was how she was tricking the man she loved and how much of a horrible person she was, but she couldn't stop now. Her hand was in place and her thumb was on the release button, about to push down and inject Spock with the drug inside when suddenly his hand was gripping her arm and she jumped.
"Christine." He breathed. She looked at him and saw something strange in his eyes. "Christine" he said again. "Why are you doing this?"
She knew she was caught. Don't panic, she thought, as she tried to bullshit her way out. "I told you, McCoy thought you needed a shot. If you don't want it, I could just tell him that you decided against it." and she tried to pull her arm out of his grasp.
"I'll go now." There, she couldn't go through with it, she was a coward. Her eyes couldn't meet his, she was ashamed of herself. But his grip was tight on her arm.
"No." He said. "Please. Stay." She was confused. Her eyes flicked up to his face and posed a silent question. What was he doing? He finally let go of her arm and stood up, facing her. He was so close that she could feel his breath on her face as he spoke.
"Christine, I have known what you were planning days ago. I did not think you would actually go through with it, given that I have not shown anything other than professional interest."
Her eyes narrowed. "You KNEW? You KNEW? Then why let me go through all this? Why not just confront me and tell me I'm being a child?" She tried to turn but he held her arms in a vice grip.
"Spock, let me go, you're hurting me."
"You are a fascinating creature, Christine. I knew what you had planned and I was not altogether against it." He looked down at her perfectly beautiful face and let his words sink in.
"Not...against it?" She was even more confused. "Spock, what do you mean?" Suddenly it dawned on her.
"Spock, you mean, you wanted me to come on to you?"
Now it was his turn to convey confusion. "Come on to me?"
She was not growing excited. "Yes Spock, did you want me to come on to you, to make a play for you? To...to...try to seduce you?"
"Ah, yes." He said. "Yes, the fact that you wanted to seduce me was interesting. You are a beautiful woman, Christine. I didn't not see it logical that a woman of your beauty would have feelings of a sexual nature towards one not of her race."
"But Spock, you're half human! You're like human men! Don't you want and need and have desires? For god's sake you have a..." Christine trailed off and looked embarrassed.
"A penis, Christine?" He asked, again raising his brow.
She looked down at the floor and nodded. "Well, yes." She looked up and searched his face. "Is it so hard to believe that I could be attracted to you? Spock, you are the most interesting man I have ever met! I wish I didn't have the feelings I have for you, but I do, I can't help them. I'm a human woman; I'm not completely logical. That's why I knew that you would never have the same feelings for me. I'm no Vulcan princess, I'm just this plain, illogical, human woman, who is love with an unfeeling halfman/halfvulcan."
His grip on her arms had loosened as she made her speech and he stood with one hand caressing her temple and the other sliding down to hold her hip.
"Spock? What are you.." but he interrupted her.
"shhhhhh. Shhhhh." he shushed her as if he was calming a child. His hands went on caressing her body and he went on. "Christine, I said that I did not think that a human woman could have feelings for a Vulcan. You proved that one could. I am glad. Christine, since before my failed Pon Pharr with T'pring, I have had strange feelings towards you." His hands were now on her stomach and moving up to lightly caress her breasts over the fabric of her uniform. He looked down at his hands as if he couldn't believe he was actually touching her and she heard his breathing grow loader.
"Christine, I realized that I no longer wanted to join with T'pring. I realized that I wanted to join with you."
Christine's eyes had fluttered closed as his hands moved over her body, but they now flew open and widened at his last statement. His eyes were on her mouth and she knew he was about to kiss her.
"Spock, why didn't you tell me? Why didn't you join with me then?" She asked.
His head began to lower as he whispered,
"I regret...not..doing...so.." And he was kissing her full on the mouth. Softly as first, as if he was afraid of hurting her. Her arms went around his neck and she kissed him back, harder, which caused him to increase his passion. His tongue darted into her mouth, playing with her own, teasing her and exciting her further. She moved her arms down to caress his back as their tongues intertwined and their breathing quickened. His hands found the clasp at the back of her uniform and he expertly undid it, causing the short dress to fall open at the neck. He broke the kiss and stepped back, pulling hr dress down and off her small frame as he did so. She stood, in a tiny black bra and panties set,
shivering with anticipation before him. It was all she could do not to rip his clothes off and ride his Vulcan cock like a crazed woman. Spock sensed her thoughts and he grew excited at knowing how much she desired him. His gaze took in her full form; his eyes traveling down her long legs and up again to her generous breasts.
"Take that off," He commanded. His authoritive voice only served to excite her further and she quickly reached back and undid the clasp, letting her breasts hang freely. Spock stepped closer, hands reaching out to caress her bare chest. He kissed her hard again, and squeezed her tits as he did so. Christine moaned into his mouth at the almost pleasurable pain as he pinched both her nipples before finally moving his head down to take one into his mouth. His one hand stayed on her breast as he tongued her erect nipple,
with the other snaked down between her thighs and flicked her clit through the flimsy material of her panties. Her head lolled back and she gasped at his touch, reaching out to hold his shoulders to steady herself as his hand strummed her clit as she always dreamed he would. Her legs began to wobble as he slipped his hand under the fabric and pulled it down her legs. He knelt before her and spread her legs apart, positioning his head between her thighs.
"Oh, God..." she managed to murmur as she realized what he was doing. A tremor ran through her thighs as she felt his tongue flick against her clit in an impossible rhythm. "Oh oh oh...oh...ahhhh...ahhh..Spock...ahh...Spock..." she cried in sync with his deep licks. He sensed that she was close to climax and he withdrew himself, moving up her body with his lips and hands. When he was on his feet again he was pressed against her and she could feel the bulge of him against her thigh.
"Spock..." She panted, hands around his neck for balance. "Take off your clothes. Please. Now" She couldn't help grinding her still tingling groin against his and his eyes fluttered for a brief second. He quickly removed his clothes and scooped her up, depositing her onto his bed. He knelt beside her for a second, hesitating, but she reached out and took his massive erection in her hand, gripping it tightly and beginning to pump her hand up and down it.
"Spoooooock!" Christine moaned. "I need you in me nooooow!" That was all he needed as encouragement and he pushed her hand away. Her other hand was frantically
moving over her own breast, squeezing it and cupping it in wild abandon and she rolled her head back and forth. She gasped out loud as he roughly pushed his cock into her throbbing wet pussy. He was HUGE! His penis was stretching her pussy so much
that it was the most pleasure she had ever experienced at once. He pulled out of her and quickly pushed back inside, in and out, in and out. Each time she couldn't suppress a gasp, the pleasure was so intense. The feeling grew and grew and the image of Spock above her started to grow blurry. His eyes were closed and his mouth was tightly closed as if he was fighting crying out. His skin was beaded with sweat that glistened as he pumped into her. Finally he couldn't hold back and his mouth opened, releasing a torrent of moaned Vulcan words. Christine couldn't hold back any longer, her breasts jiggled in time to the pounding of Spock's penis and she cried out over the roar in her ears.
"Spock! OH SPOCK! I'M COMING! SPOCK! OH SPOCK! OH SPOCK!" Her climax ripped through her body and she thrashed underneath Spock, who quickened his pace to meet her. Now Spock was cumming in her, his cum filling her and pouring out, as he cried out
"Christine! UGHHHH CHRISTINE UGH UGH UGH AHHHHHHHHHHH CHRISTINE!" He was still pounding into her, both of them with heads thrown back, and crying out as their orgasms exploded through them. They were as one being, joined, each feeling the others pleasure and giving their own. Christine's orgasm was the most intense she had ever had and she almost didn't hear the words, spoken directly into her brain...
"Christine...I love you. I love you."
She gave one final shudder as the tingling tore through her and lay still beneath Spock. Spock looked down into her beautiful face, panting, and his face gleaming from the
sweat and his body still rocking back and forth as his orgasm subsided. His eyes held the meaning of the unspoken words, and she knew he meant what he said. She understood why he couldn't say them out loud. She reached up to brush her fingers against
his cheek and smiled. She thought, "I love you too, Spock." And she knew he heard by the way his eyes closed and his face took on a look she had never seen before, a look not unlike that of peace. They fell asleep in each other's arms and knew that this was the beginning of what was meant to be, and both felt whole for the first time in their lives.