This is a work of fiction.  All characters are fictional.

Border Town Reform School (F/M)

The assistants at the reform school just across the Rio Grande  brought Dan to the punishment room.  This was Dan's second day at the school, where he had been sent as part of a plea agreement.  It appears that Dan and some accomplices liked to raise hell in their neighborhood.  They thought it was fun to watch their neighbors frantically work to remove the spray-painted slogans and slurs.  Those who didn't know how to immediately remove the paint had to pay a professional to perform the task.  Dan and his cohorts also got a big thrill from barreling down the neighborhood streets all hours of the night with their car stereos blaring and thumping.  Some of the neighbors, in their attempt to restore the area to a semi-peaceful state, diligently gathered evidence, and the hell-raisers were eventually caught.

In order to avoid being sued by the many victims, Dan agreed to a stay at the reform school where, it was emphasized, he would learn about discipline.  Dan was sentenced to six months, which could be extended if his cooperation was not judged to be acceptable.

The two assistants at the school, Sylvia Verdugo and Ilona Blanca, led Dan, with his hands cuffed behind his back, over to the punishment table.  Dan's only item of clothing was his briefs, which was the rule for all the "students" there.  Miss Verdugo spent a few moments adjusting the height of the structure for the new arrival, and made notes of the settings in Dan's file.  They bent Dan over the structure and fastened a strap around his waist so that he was bound to the table.  Then his hands were released and fastened to the front of the structure.  Finally, Miss Verdugo fastened a strap just above Dan's knees, so that from that point up, he was relatively immobile.

Miss Blanca picked up the phone, pressed a few numbers on the keypad and spoke to her boss.  "Miss Fonseca, we have Dan here.  Yes, that's the one.  Okay."

Miss Blanca and Miss Verdugo then seated themselves and waited for Anna Fonseca.  A few moments later Dan heard the door open and the sound of high heels slowly clip-clopping.  Miss Fonseca stopped when she was immediately behind him.

"So, smarty pants here thinks it's funny to deface other peoples' property, huh?  Maybe you're gettin' too big for your britches, mister.  Let's see how you look without your smarty pants," she scolded.  Then his briefs were suddenly and expertly pulled down by this person he had not yet seen.

"I bet your neighbors didn't think it was funny to have to clean up your messes, did they?  We'll have to see how funny you think it is to be here for a while," she continued.  Then she gave him a hard, twisting pinch on his exposed left bottom cheek.  Dan yelped when he felt the intensity of the pain.

Miss Fonseca continued the lecture.  "Did you think that was funny?  Your pretty little bottom is very tender.  That means you weren't spanked enough at home.  I doubt that you were spanked at all.  Ay, Dios, save us from the baby boomers and their permissive feel-good society!  I'll tell you one thing, mister smarty pants, we're goin' to make up for it here.  You're gonna get all the spanking you shoulda got when you were growing up, and then some.  Verdugo, bring me the cane!"

Sylvia Verdugo sprang up and fetched the yellow, whippy cane from the instruments hanging on the wall, and presented it to Miss Fonseca, who proceeded to walk around to where she could see her new arrival face to face.  For the first time, Dan saw the woman whose voice had lectured him.  She appeared to be in her thirties, slightly bow-legged, and wore a red blouse and a blue denim skirt.  Her hair was black and straight, gracefully flowing down below her shoulders.  Flexing the cane back and forth, she resumed her lecture.

"I'm gonna give you a whippin' now, mister smarty pants, for two reasons.  First, so you know what a whippin' feels like at this school, and second, to start paying your debt, so to speak.  I notice your file says that one of the houses you spray-painted was where a schoolteacher lives.  You and your compadres sprayed 'fuck' this and 'fuck' that all over her walls.  Today you're gonna be sorry for that one.  One more thing, mister.  Your parents are paying a lotta money for your stay here, and I'm gonna give them their money's worth."

Miss Fonseca slowly and deliberately walked over to take her position as punisher.  "Mister cane, I want you to meet mister smarty pants!" she exclaimed as she drew the cane far back and brought it toward her target, flicking her wrist at the perfect moment in order to get the desired effect.

The hapless student immediately stiffened when the instrument of his fustigation made contact.  He exclaimed "OWWW!", clenched his jaw, and whispered "Jeeeezus!" 

"Jesus ain't gonna help you now, mister," said Miss Fonseca.  "He helps those who help themselves, and the best way for you to help yourself is to learn some self-control and some manners."  She drew the cane back and imparted another red-hot streak of pain across Dan's bare bottom.

"Aauuuugh!"

Anna Fonseca continued the young man's initiation to the reform school with several more expertly placed strokes.  Dan, never having felt that kind of punishment before, was astounded that something could hurt that much.  He reacted by shouting, frantically struggling, shaking his head from side to side, and begging for relief.  Miss Fonseca, of course, ignored his pleading.  When she had given him ten strokes, she paused.

Miss Fonseca resumed her lecturing.  "Don't get too comfortable now, mister smarty pants, you're only halfway through today's 'lesson'.  I wish that your schoolteacher neighbor could be here right now, knowing that the little vandal that led the defacing of her property is now here with his pants down getting a well-deserved whippin'."

Miss Fonseca showed no mercy as she administered the next ten cane strokes.  She then handed the cane to Miss Verdugo and calmly left the room.  Sylvia and Ilona, after a wait of about ten minutes, undid Dan's restraints, and secured his hands behind him.  They then escorted him, with his briefs still down, back to his room for confinement before releasing his hands.

A few days later, Dan was being escorted back to the punishment room by Sylvia Verdugo and Ilona Blanca.  They bound the obviously nervous young man the the punishment structure as before, and checked all the bindings to make sure that they would not loosen.

Anna Fonseca entered the room and stood a few feet in front of Dan, with her hands on her hips.  "For weeks on end, young man, after your late-night carousing and partying, you drove your car through the neighborhood with the stereo playing loud, waking up people who have to work for a living.  According to the court papers, some o' the neighbors talked with your parents about this and they politely asked you to stop it.  Instead of having consideration for other people, you were defiant and decided to show them a thing or two by making more noise.  Let me ask you, mister, if you got into a big wreck and needed spinal surgery so that you'd be able to walk again, would you want a doctor who lost a lot of sleep the previous night by inconsiderate people who don't want to do anything but party?  I think you must have more money than brains.  One of your neighbors gathered proof of your noisemaking by forsaking many hours of sleep to catch you on film.  Well, I think you're gonn
a make some more noise today, but they ain't gonna hear you.  Verdugo, I want you to give him his paddling.  Get the oak paddle and get ready."

Sylvia smiled slightly, retrieved the hardwood paddle, walked over behind the captive young man, and pulled down his briefs.  Then she stood to one side in the spanker's position and waited for direction from Miss Fonseca.

Anna Fonseca had considerable experience, and knew exactly what she was doing.  She knew that, with her standing in front of him,  Dan would defiantly try to show that he could take what was dished out, especially by the 'girls', without breaking down and crying or begging.

"Give him ten, Verdugo," Anna directed.

Sylvia took careful aim, brought the paddle far back, and with her eyes on her target, placed a shocking blow onto Dan's tensed bottom.  A scarce few seconds later Sylvia, with lips parted and teeth clenched, delivered the second stroke.  Dan gritted his teeth in silent determination.  Just as the pain crested to its peak, Sylvia delivered the third strong stroke.  The painful heat building up cumulatively on Dan's bared bottom was far worse than he thought it would be.  When Sylvia gave him the fourth stroke, he couldn't help vocalizing a sharp "Oh!".  With each successive stroke, it was immensely more difficult for Dan to restrain his urge to cry out and plead.  By the eighth stroke, he was frantically struggling at his restraints and trying to choke back his expressions of anguish.  On the last two strokes, he couldn't help emitting a strained "Aaaaugh!".  Sylvia paused and waited.  Dan sighed with relief, although he was angry and resentful at Miss Fonseca for ordering t
he latest punishment, and glared at her.

"Well, I see that you don't like this do you?" Anna asked rhetorically.  "You don't like me telling the girl to paddle your ass, and she does it very well," she continued.  "Did you ever stop to think that other people don't like what you were doing to them?  And when you were asked not to do it, you did it even more out of spite.  Verdugo, ten more!"

Dan shot an angry look at Miss Fonseca, knowing the inevitability of his continued punishment.  Sylvia was skilled at using the paddle, and timed the strokes so that when the fiery sensation of a stroke was at its highest, she gave the next stroke.  She commenced the remainder of the paddling.  After three of the strokes, Dan let loose with a string of profanities addressed at Miss Fonseca, the young woman wielding the paddle, the school, and the world in general.  His tears were those born of frustration, humiliation and rage rather than the pain of the paddling, which had merely stimulated them.

Anna Fonseca showed no shock or emotion as Dan was venting, having heard it all before.  She knew it would need to come to this, and beyond, in order to reach the bound and angry inmate.

"That was very good, Verdugo.  Please put the paddle away," directed Anna.  Turning to Dan, she said, "You feel helpless, don't you?  Think of the helplessness of the people you deliberately annoyed during the night with your car stereo full blast, and turning on your car alarm too.  Don't you know that they felt helpless and angry, just like you do now?"

Miss Fonseca then asked Sylvia Verdugo to massage the captive inmate's well punished buns to help circulation.  In spite of the pain, Dan thought that the massage felt pretty good, and welcomed Sylvia's ministrations.  After a few minutes of this, Sylvia stopped and sat down, knowing the routine.  Her ministrations were to have the effect of preparing him for the next step of that day's punishment.

A few moments of silence followed, then Anna Fonseca instructed Ilona, "Blanca, get the cane and prepare to administer."

Dan couldn't believe what he had just heard.  After the ferocious paddling of twenty strokes, he was going to be caned!  He started to protest.  "No.  Not again!  No, not the cane!  She paddled me!  No, not now!  No!"

Miss Fonseca said nothing as Ilona Blanca fetched the long, whippy cane, whisked it through the air a few times, and took her position.  She calmly looked toward Miss Fonseca for direction.

"Eighteen strokes, Blanca.  You may begin."

With the precision and expertise of a true canemistress, Ilona's dispassionate wielding of the whippy instrument evoked piteous sounds of anguish from the male whose bottom was being striated under her masterful attention.  The distraught male interspersed his expressions of distress with entreaties to stop, while the caning inexorably continued.  At the end, he was weeping copiously, not from rage, not from helplessness, but from the fiery pain of the caning.

Anna spoke to him.  "She doesn't stop when you want her to.  She stops when I want her to.  It is no lie, when you boom through your neighborhood at night, your victims feel the same way you did.  They are saying, 'no, not again,' wondering when it will stop."  Then she got up and left the room.

Several weeks and many punishment room sessions later, Dan was surprised to see Miss Fonseca being let into his room.  He was in his briefs because of the rule at the reform school that restricted the students to being constantly at that stage of undress.  In a way he was glad to see her because he was very lonely, not having much contact with other people at the institution.  Also he feared her, because of his past experiences in the punishment room.  Miss Fonseca seated herself and appeared to be in a fair mood.  She asked him to tell her how his values clarification classes were progressing, and they talked a little about that.  Suddenly, Anna got up and sat immediately next to him.  He was becoming quite nervous.  She sat there without saying anything for a few moments, and then said something that shocked him.

In a very kind voice, she said, "Tell me about Lisa.  All the details.  Don't leave anything out."

"Damn," he thought to himself.  "How the hell does she know?"  He figured that it wasn't a secret.  He had bragged enough to his friends about the sexual conquest and the power trip that went with it.  A flood of memories came back to him, reminding him of the time he met an attractive young lady at a bar.  He had arranged a few details beforehand in case he got a chance to score.  After feeding her a line of bull about himself, they left the bar together, planning to go to a motel for a sexual liaison.  Having an almost empty gas tank, which was part of his plan, he stopped at a gas station and filled up the pickup truck's tank with a considerable amount of gasoline, paid for it, and drove to the motel.  Just before they went to check in, he mentioned that the gasoline had required all of his money, and could she spring for the room, saying that he'll pay her back in a few days.  He wrote his name (a fictitious one) and a phone number (also fictitious) on a scrap of paper a
nd gave it to her in a ploy to win her trust.  He also asked her for a way to reach her.  Lisa agreed to pay for the room after saying that she would in fact desperately need to be reimbursed.  He "fucked her brains out" (as he later bragged to his friends), while wondering to himself if the genital warts that he had were contagious.  Later, as they lay together, he said he heard a noise, reached for his pager, and said that he had to call in to work and see if there was a problem.  Dialing his work number, which would get his own voicemail, he faked a converstion with a nonexistent colleague, inventing an urgent "problem".  They left the motel.  He drove Lisa back to her car at the bar, said some endearing things to her, and drove away, never intending to see her again.  "Too bad," he had thought to himself, "she was a really good piece.  Oh well, there's a lot of fish in the sea."  He had to admit to himself on occasion that he felt crummy about it.

"Well?" prodded Miss Fonseca.

"Uh, ummmm, well, Lisa and I we met one night at this bar, and I guess we were uhmm, attracted to each other.  We, uh, we decided to go uh, somewhere else to be alone, and uh, and we ummm, we ended up at, she rented a room at a motel, you know.  And we kinda, you know, well, we uh, had a good time."

A pause.  Dan was feeling guilty about what he'd done to Lisa, and didn't know how to continue.  He didn't want to say any more about the subject.

Anna put one hand on Dan's head, ran her fingers through his hair, and asked, "Now what really happened?"

The guilt, the remorse, the loneliness, Anna's penetrating eyes and concerned demeanor were too much for his resistance.  He dissolved in tears, clutching onto Anna and burying his head in her chest.  "Oh, goddamm, I'm a real jerk!  I dumped her!" he cried, and Anna knew that she'd finally gotten through.

More probing questions about the affair from Anna.  More remorseful tears and admissions from Dan.  "I want to make it up to her," Dan cried.

"What would you do to make it up to her?" asked Anna, knowing exactly where she was leading.

"I don't know, maybe treat her nice, tell her I'm sorry, take her out to dinner."

"Well, you can't make it up to her," Miss Fonseca flatly stated.

Dan looked questioningly at Anna.  "She killed herself a couple of weeks ago.  It appears that she got some kind of disease around the time of your fling with her, and felt that she could never have another sexual relationship."

The image of Lisa's sweet smile and the memory of her sincere endearing words appeared in his mind as he crumpled to the floor, his face in his hands, wailing with a mixture of remorse and grief.  Anna quietly got up and left the room.

A few days later Ilona and Sylvia retrieved Dan and led him to the punishment room.  He did not resist at all when they bound him to the punishment table.  Miss Fonseca went over to him and very quietly whispered, "You know what this is for, don't you?"

Dan nodded, a look of understanding in his eyes.

"Verdugo, give him the strap.  And stand directly behind him." Miss Verdugo retrieved the medium sized tawse, took her position behind the bound miscreant, and proceeded to deliver a series of steadily paced, very powerful strokes.  When a strapping is administered in this fashion, it is especially painful since the punisher is using alternate forehand and backhand strokes, causing the contact to be on the area of the bottom on each side which are very tender.  It did not take many strokes before he was struggling and vocalizing his predicament.  It did not take many more before he was openly crying.  After close to fifty strokes had been imparted, Anna told Miss Verdugo to stop.

After a rest of about ten minutes, Anna addressed Ilona.  "Blanca, the cane."  The expert canemistress fetched the thin whippy cane and took her position.  "Proceed," commanded Miss Fonseca.  Ilona slightly raised her eyebrows, then nodded assent.  This was to be open-ended, stopping only when told to by Miss Fonseca, who stood calmly with her arms folded, several feet in front of Dan.  Ilona Blanca commenced what was to be an extended caning, all the while dispassionately administering her strokes while her charge wept, groaned, cried and pleaded for mercy.  After a few moments Anna walked around to obtain a view of the results of Ilona's methodical handiwork.  The fustigation continued for a while longer, and then Anna signaled Ilona to stop.

When Dan's six months were completed, and he was about to be released, Anna mentioned to him that his friends who he used to hang around with, were all in prison (except for one of them, who was totally paralyzed from the waist down as a result of a one-car drunk driving wreck following a party).  The other friends were apparently not given any serious judicial sanction because of the neighborhood rowdiness that had gotten Dan into the reform school.  Dan soberly reflected on his stay at the school, acknowledging to himslf that he wasn't so unfortunate after all.  "You better find some people to hang around with who you can look up to," Anna had told him.

As Dan was being led out to the waiting area where he would be taken home, Anna handed him a note on a folded piece of paper.  "You can keep this or throw it away, but I want you to at least think of what is written here occasionally," she said.

As he was being driven home, he opened up the note and saw, in Anna's handwriting:

   "Pay attention to actions and the things they cause."

Then her signature: Anna Fonseca


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
