The Bezistan Chronicles
Chapter 16: Andrias; Return to the Stables
  
This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris): July, 2012
Read my stories at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 

"The characters and ideas in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without his permission. Please respect the integrity of the story and don't do any rewrites, make any alterations or add pictures."

Chapter 16: Aindrias; Return to the Stables

Daoud, the major domo steps forward to greet Faris, the stable-master.  

"Good evening, Faris. Thank you for coming so promptly and I do apologise for the lateness of the hour". 

"More like good morning." Grumbles Faris. "What is so urgent that I had to leave my bed and the tight-assed, young slave I had sucking my cock to help me sleep?"

"Once again I apologise for disturbing your pleasure. Like you, I have a young, pleasure slave tucked-up in my bed awaiting my return. I'm as anxious as you to return to the delights of his body. He is a twenty-two years old French slave and he has been one of my favourites for sometime now. Sadly, this is to be my last night when I can partake of his pleasures.  As you can imagine, at that age he has had plenty of use and his hole has become too slack for him to provide an enjoyable fuck to his Master's guests. Because of this, the decision has been made to replace him with a younger, newer animal and tomorrow he is to be taken to work in the quarries. 

Carefully, Daoud avoids giving the true reason for his slave's banishment to the distant quarries. He doesn't bother to tell Faris that the slave is innocent of any wrong doing and this is part of his punishment for displeasing Prince Rashid earlier. After all, he doesn't want to be the centre of gossip among his fellow overseers and the slaves in their charge. He wishes to spare himself the humiliation of them laughing as they hear that Prince Rashid is punishing him and that for the foreseeable future he is to live a celibate life denied the use of the palace slaves. No, there are some things best left unsaid! 

"Ha! Then he will surely know what it means to be a proper slave after the pampered life he has led as a pleasure slave. Does he know what awaits him tomorrow?" 

"No, Faris. He is oblivious to his fate. If time permits I intend to follow him to the quarries and watch as he is fitted with his heavy work chains.  Once he realises what is happening his dismay and panic will be amusing to observe. I shall then wait and watch as his back receives its first cut from the overseer's bullwhip and listen to his cries of pain. Before then, however, I will use him unmercifully. That should give him something pleasing to remember of his old life as he toils ceaselessly under the lash in the interests of his Master. Still it is a shame to think of his beautiful, young body being turned into one of the ugly, filthy, whip-scarred brutes that one sees working in the quarries. "  

"But tell me, Daoud, why am I here? Has it to do with that slave?" Faris asks pointing to the young slave standing to one side with bowed head as the two men converse with each other. "First thing this morning, I instructed him to deliver His Highness' ponies and trap to the front of the palace. He failed to return as instructed and I haven't seen him since and for that he will be soundly thrashed in the morning."   

"I must apologise to you, Faris, for my discourtesy in not advising you that the slave was with me all day. It's a long story and I'll try to make it brief. The slave did obey your instructions and delivered the ponies as you ordered and then took up the `display' position at the top of the palace steps. There he attracted the prince's attention and His Highness spent some considerable time examining the slave. During that inspection the slave displeased His Highness and was rewarded with two cuts of the whip across his ass. Then as the prince was about to enter his trap he noticed that the two Nubian ponies had urinated and defecated on the driveway. I have never seen Prince Rashid as angry as he was when he saw their foulness soiling the approach to his palace.  Immediately, he ordered this slave to clean up the mess and for both ponies to be flogged and sent into the fields as draft slaves. This miserable slave," Daoud points to the young slave, "also incurred the prince's wrath and I was ordered to take him to the whipping yard where he received ten strokes of the cane." 

"That's very interesting." Faris observes, "And I accept your apology." 

Then, turning to the waiting slave, he commands. 

"Slave, come into the light so that I may see you better; present your back and assume the display position." 

Once the young slave, Aindrias is in the required position, Faris bends to look carefully at the cane marks on his ass and traces over them with his index finger. This sudden contact causes the slave to flinch. Faris cuffs the slave's head and angrily shouts.

"STAND STILL! YOU KNOW SLAVES DO NOT MOVE whilst being inspected by the Master or his agents."  

Then, without warning, he viciously smacks both of the slave's buttocks with his open hand causing the slave to yelp with pain. Laughing at the slave's discomfort, Faris adds.

"OUCH! Obviously that hurt."

Finally satisfied with his inspection, Faris straightens up and asks.

"Tell me, Daoud, did Mustapha cane this slave? If so then he is to be commended on the quality of his workmanship. It is obvious that this slave will have a sore ass for some days." 

Grinning at the slave's discomfort, Daoud replies. 

"Yes you are correct in assuming it was Mustapha who wielded the cane. I'm amazed at his stamina, as before caning this slave, he had to whip two of the pleasure slaves who also displeased Prince Rashid. To my inexperienced eyes it seemed quite taxing having to punish three slaves one after the other."

Then as an afterthought, Faris adds.

"Slave, bend over, move your legs apart and spread your buttocks." 

As the slave hastily complies with this new command, Faris asks Daoud.

"I suppose His Highness also took time to enjoy his ass?"

"Indeed he did." Daoud laughs. "But look for yourself."

Faris bends eagerly to this task and begins fingering the unfortunate slave's battered asshole. Whilst shedding tears of shame, the slave is subjected to a painful poking of his swollen and tender anus. Then almost as though he is thinking aloud, Faris comments,

"Hmm, his asshole is very puffy and quite red. I would think the slave is quite sore. It looks as though Prince Rashid has subjected the slave to a vigorous raping."

"I must correct you, Faris," Daoud sniffily offers, "the slave wasn't raped. He was fucked; even brutally fucked but he wasn't raped. To say that he was confers on the slave a status he doesn't enjoy. Only free people can suffer rape. Slaves are neither people nor free; therefore they can't suffer rape.  Unlike people, slaves aren't protected by the law as it relates to rape; for that matter slaves haven't any protection at all in law. Slaves are only lowly animals subject to the whims and desires of their masters or mistresses. The only purpose for a slave's existence is to provide for his master's needs and if an owner wants to fuck him, then so be it. That is the immutable law of slavery and slaves must humbly submit themselves obediently and willingly to the whims of their masters."

"I stand corrected and thank you for your timely lesson in semantics." Faris replies sarcastically. "But tell me, why am I here at this unseemly hour?"

"His Highness has decided that the slave is now ready to begin service as a pony slave.  Next month, His Highness' favourite nephew, Prince Achmed begins the long summer vacation from his school in the UK and is to spend it here on the estate. The prince wants this slave to be fully trained as both a harness pony and as a pleasure slave to serve Prince Achmed whilst he is here. He has arranged with the estate manager to begin this training tomorrow morning by teaming him with his own pony and harnessed to his trap. Therefore it became necessary to have you pick up the slave as soon as His Highness had finished with him and return him to the stables in time for him to begin his new life as a pony in the morning."

"It's about time too! Left to me the slave would have been in harness well before this. However, for some reason that escapes me, the estate manager wouldn't agree to this happening." 

"Tell me, Faris, how experienced then is this slave sexually? From my observations during the day he seems to be sadly lacking in that regard."

"You are quite right, Daoud. He is totally inexperienced and I blame Geoff, the estate manager, for that. However, after tonight, I imagine that Prince Rashid has changed that situation. I would think that the slave is now well aware of the uses a slave's body can be subjected to."

"Indeed, Faris, I think he's now well aware of what uses a slave's mouth and ass can be put to." 

"For some reason Geoff is determined to protect the slave from the sexual depredations of the older slaves in the stables." Faris continues.  "To that end, each night, he is locked in an isolation cage with his wrists fastened behind his back so that there isn't any opportunity for playing with his cock. In fact, the only release the slave receives is a periodic `milking' by one of the young, stable slaves. On rare occasions, when Geoff isn't around, I take pity on him and allow one of these slaves to suck him off. Watching his reaction, it is obvious he enjoys this release. One has to feel sorry for the slave as he can't help but overhear the ponies and draft slaves enjoying themselves in their stalls every night. He must feel frustrated listening to all that grunting, groaning and sucking going on around him and not being able to join in. It isn't natural to exclude such a healthy, young animal from participating in these activities. Still as the new pony in the stables, he will soon be offering up his mouth and asshole to the other ponies' cocks. He'll soon learn to enjoy his own and the other slaves' bodies."

"Faris, it occurs to me that the restraints placed on this slave by the estate manager could be an indication that he is saving him for some special purpose; perhaps as a breeding stallion. What do you think?" 

"Occasionally, the same thought had occurred to me, Daoud. But, if this is so, then Geoff has never given any indication of it. Ahh, I've just remembered something. Geoff's pony is the sire of this slave. I remember them coming here as a father and son pair. It should be interesting to see them running and pulling together in tandem. Perhaps the estate manager was keeping him for this purpose."

"Indeed it will be interesting to see a sire and his colt in harness together. I mentioned earlier that the prince's Nubian ponies are being sent into the fields. Have you any idea of the team that is to replace them?"

"Yes, they are to be replaced with two, new, Australian stallions. They are a perfectly matched pair with the most impressive musculature and both have the most exquisite asses. His Highness will have a most delightful view of their buttocks working in unison as they pull him around the estate. Both have blond colouring and their hides are now deeply tanned. I received word this evening to have them in harness and tethered at the palace entrance early tomorrow. I'm sure His Highness will be keen to try them out as soon as he sees them. They are a noble replacement for the two Nubians. And now it seems I'm also to have this new pony slave fitted out for his new role."

"I'll have to make sure I see these two Australian ponies in the morning. From your description they should be worth the effort on my part to see them. But now the hour is late and I still have my bed slave waiting for me. I want to make his last night as my pleasure slave most memorable by fucking him vigorously. No doubt, Faris you are keen to return to your bed and have your slave take your cock back in to his mouth. I wish you well in the training of this new pony."

"Good night and thank you, Daoud. Rest assured that this slave will be well trained in his duties as both a pony and pleasure slave well before the arrival of His Highness' nephew. Come slave, follow me, it's time we returned you to the stables."  

     
                        >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 

Once back at the stables, Faris soon has the young slave's wrists fastened behind his back and securely locked in his cage. 

"Well slave, fortunately for you, this is your last night in this cage. Tomorrow night your sleeping arrangements will be very different. Having lost your virginity to your Master, you will be placed in a stall like all the other ponies. Whether you get to share a stall with another slave depends on what your driver decides to do with you. I suggest, however, that you try to sleep as tomorrow will be a very strenuous day for you and the night to follow could be even harder.  There are only three or hours left before we need to get you fitted out with your new harness." 

As the stable-master leaves the stables, the only sounds to disturb the night's stillness are the snoring and farting of the sleeping ponies and drafts securely chained in their stalls. The events of the day overwhelm Aindrias and as he curls up into a ball on the straw strewn floor of his cage, he thinks back over this momentous day's events. Painfully he recalls his caning and what followed.  

                                                                                                          >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

After leaving the whipping-yard, the major domo took Aindrias to the service area of the palace and handed him over to two, naked, slaves. Their task was to prepare him for his Master's pleasure that evening. 

First, however, as he hadn't eaten since early morning, the major domo, not unkindly, gave him food and water. The slave was grateful for this and humbly thanked Daoud for his consideration. 

Then he was taken into a large, austere room of grey concrete. He noticed there were overhead shower heads set into the ceiling and a number of faucets with hoses and nozzles attached, protruding from one wall. Under each tap was a hole set into the floor. Along another wall were a series of wooden tables and trestles.  The slave could only wonder at the purpose of this room. In fact, he was in the main ablution and lavatory area where the palace slaves piss, shit, shave, and shower and oil their bodies each morning before commencing their duties.  

Yielding himself to the ministrations of the two slaves, he was forced to lie lengthwise on one of the tables. Then, with his body stretched out, they ran hair-clippers over his head and shaved his entire body. All this seemed unnecessary to the slave as it had already been done that morning.

The two slaves were aware that the Andria's smooth body would be closely examined by their Master for any stray hairs or other signs of laxity on their part. They knew any dereliction of duty could see them sent to the whip-master for a flogging. Next they attended to his finger and toe nails ensuring that they were cut and manicured. Once this was done it was time for the major domo to inspect their work. He methodically inspected the slave's body and arbitrarily ordered the slaves to remove one or two imaginary hairs in the asscrack. Fearfully, the slaves begged his indulgence and proceeded to comply with his order. Once again the major domo inspected Aindrias's body and, satisfied that he had exerted his authority over his slaves, he gave his approval to proceed. 

Aindrias was then forced to bend at the waist over one of the trestles and held down at the shoulders by one of the slaves. He turned his head and watched apprehensively as the other slave retrieved one of the hoses from the wall and walked behind him. He grunted as the nozzle was pressed against his resisting anus and then groaned as it was pushed into his rectum. He yelped and struggled as he felt his guts cramp and his belly distend as water slowly filled his innards. This earned him a sharp rebuke from the major domo.

"Lie still, slave or I`ll have you strapped down to the trestle. Slaves going to His Highness's bed need to be clean both inside and on the outside. We need to clean out your bowels as your Master will be fucking you tonight and it is essential that you are properly cleansed out to receive his royal member. There is no way that Prince Rashid would want to poke his cock into your ass-hole unless it's clean. Now listen and do exactly as I say. Tightly clench the cheeks of your buttocks together and stand up. Good!  Now, still keep them clenched together and go and squat over one of the latrine holes." Daoud indicated one of the holes set in the floor. "Keep your ass closed and don't let any of the water leak out of your hole until I give you permission to expel. That's right. Position yourself over the hole. NOW LET GO!"

Unclenching his buttocks Aindrias had no control as he expelled the water from his bowel.  Then he was commanded to return to the trestle so that the procedure could be repeated. 

This procedure was repeated three times before the major domo was satisfied that `he is running clean'. To the slave's relief, he heard Daoud giving further orders to the two slaves.

"You two get him under a shower now and clean him up. And as reward you can `play' with him for ten minutes but make sure he doesn't cum."

Both the slaves began to giggle at this prospect and, with their huge cocks rampantly erect, they enthusiastically dragged Aindrias under a shower. As the cold water cascaded over the bodies of the three slaves, one of the two slaves placed himself in front of the young slave whilst the other took up a position behind him. Suddenly Andrias' body was sandwiched between the hard, muscular bodies of the slave attendants. He felt the cock of the slave behind him probing the crack between his buttocks whilst the cock of the slave in front pressed itself into his groin and began to massage his own cock to a full erection. Next he felt the head of a cock pressing against his ass-hole and involuntarily, his body began to respond to this new and strange stimulation. 

As Daoud watched the three slaves under the shower he felt his own cock grow rock hard. He always enjoyed watching his two slave helpers working to prepare a slave for fucking. He loved the way they enthusiastically went about this task. Of course, the fact that the young slave was responding to their ministrations was a bonus. The slave's body began to quiver as two pairs of soap-slicked hands roamed freely over his chest and back and soon he was moaning softly as his nipples were manipulated. This seemed to increase the two slaves' pleasure and they were now giggling uncontrollably. Daoud had a policy of `rewarding' his helpers by allowing them restricted access to the bodies of the slaves they were working on. This helped to keep them in good humour and ensured their workmanship was of the highest standard. 

Now both slaves were on their knees; one vigorously sucking the slave's cock whilst the other had pried the slave's buttocks apart and was hungrily thrusting his tongue into the exposed ass-hole. The inexperienced, young slave buckled at the knees and began a loud moaning noise. He responded by alternatively thrusting his hips forward in an effort to force his cock further down the open throat and then pushing backwards seeking to draw the invading tongue further into his body. Daoud laughed at the slave's new found enthusiasm for sexual pleasure. This response augured well for Prince Rashid's taking of the slave's virginity.

However, Daoud decided it was time to stop and return to the task at hand. 

"STOP!  THAT'S ENOUGH! Now soap him up and wash him down - and make sure you do a thorough job." 

Immediately, both slaves began to lovingly wash the young slave's body; once his hair had been shampooed, one slave slowly moved the soap down over his chest and belly whilst the other used his soap to caress his shoulders and back. Aindrias' rampant cock, poking out obscenely from his flat belly, was evidence of his enjoyment of the attention he was receiving. Soon both slaves were on their knees and Daoud watched as the slave's genitals and ass were lovingly washed. Daoud smiled indulgently as he noticed one of his helpers, using the soap as a lubricant, slyly inserted his finger into the slave's asshole. The slave squirmed at this sudden intrusion and thrust backwards. 

"STOP THAT! Get your finger out of his hole and finish washing him and then dry him off unless you want my cane across you asses." 

The chastened slaves hastened to obey Daoud's command and soon they were able to submit the young slave's body for the major domo's inspection. 

Now it was Daoud's turn to inspect the young slave's body and Aindrias, aware of the new, exhilarating sensations sweeping through his body, willingly submitted to the major domo's suggestive stimulations. He moaned softly as Daoud weighed and hefted his balls and teased the piss-slit of his rampantly erect cock. As his buttocks were prised apart, Aindrias widened his stance to allow Daoud easier access and at the touch of an exploratory finger on his sphincter, the slave thrust back in an eager invitation for it to enter into him. 

Daoud, spent several minutes exploring the delights of this beautiful slave's untested, youthful body. He truly envied his royal employer and thought that somehow one day he too would sample what this slave has to offer. 

Daoud still chaffed at Prince Rashid's decision to deny him sexual use of the palace slaves for the foreseeable future. But His Highness never mentioned stable slaves or ponies - did he?  This might have been an oversight on Rashid's part but it is one that Daoud can slyly exploit. Yes, he could sneak away to the stables and ask Faris's indulgence to illicitly fuck this or any other of the slaves in his charge. The wily major domo wasn't beaten and wouldn't be denied the use of a slave for his pleasure.  

One final thing remained for Daoud to do. He had still to deliver this young slave to Prince Rashid's private apartments and place him on his knees to await his royal Master's return from the airstrip where he is taking delivery of a shipment of new slaves.

                                                                                                  >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> 

   
With his buttocks still throbbing from his caning and the sharp pain and discomfort he feels in his ass from his Master's overly enthusiastic fucking, the slave thinks back over on the night's happenings. 

When he last awoke he hadn't any idea of what was in store for him. He is, after all, a slave and hasn't any control over his fate. All his actions are as a result of another's decision and all orders must be obeyed without question or delay. As evidence of this is the decision by his owner that tomorrow he is to be trained as a pony slave and then loaned to the visiting nephew. He accepts that this decision has been made and that there is no other choice for him but to obey. 

His mind is in a state of confusion and he isn't able to make sense of his emotions. On one level, he is acutely aware of the agony that he has suffered today.  The pain he feels in his ass is evidence of the extreme torment that he has been subjected to. He shudders as he recalls watching as the two pleasure slaves were flogged and then at the painful memory of the cane biting into the tender flesh of his young buttocks. 

He recalls the preparation his body was subjected to in making him ready for his Master with a mixture of disgust and pleasure. On the one hand he is repelled by the attendant slaves handling of his body and yet, on the other, he is aware that he enjoyed the experience of having naked men play with his body. As he thinks of this his cock erects and he begins to tremble.

It was the same when he was presented to his Master for fucking. His initial reluctance to take his Master's large cock into his mouth was soon overcome after the cane was savagely applied to his already sore buttocks. Aindrias was aware of Prince Rashid's impatience and his grudging acceptance of his sexual inexperience.  He was also aware that this was to be the first time a cock entered into his young body and he waited apprehensively to be penetrated.  

Impatiently, his Master instructed him on how to breathe and swallow his cock without gagging. Instinctively, he knew he must use his tongue to massage and his throat to swallow. He was aware that the prince was arching his body and moaning as his mouth and tongue did their work. Strangely, he felt a sense of pride at his Master's obvious pleasure. 

All too soon the prince withdrew his cock from Aindrias mouth and ordered him onto his hands and knees. Now there was the agonising, initial pain as the prince's cock speared through his resisting sphincter into his rectum. This pain persisted as his master mercilessly worked his hole; the vigorous thrusting in and out of his ass at first caused him to cry out in pain and as his Master fucked him, white lights and starbursts danced before his eyes. Eventually, however, this pain lessened and he was conscious of a previously unknown pleasure. Before long, he was moaning ecstatically and began moving his ass in unison with his Master's thrusts. 

With new enthusiasm, he began to use his anal muscles to grip and work the invading cock all the time begging his Master to.

"Fuck me, Master, fuck me hard."

This seemed to please Rashid and he increased the tempo of his thrusting into the compliant slave. After what seemed an eternity, Aindrias became aware of a new and wondrous sensation as the cock buried deep within his slave's body began to ejaculate. Ecstatically, he cried out with each spasm and felt the spurts of his Master's hot spunk scorching its way further into his guts.

The prince, finally spent, collapsed onto his slave's sweaty back and rested there as his breathing returned to normal. No words were spoken and finally, Rashid ordered him to his knees and had him suck his cock clean. As he did so, Aindrias was aware of the erotic smell and sweet taste of his master's cum. 

Rashid's insatiable sexual needs had been temporarily satisfied - well at least until dawn when he'd use one or both of his two personal body slaves - and he summoned his major domo and instructed him to return the slave to the stables in time to commence his pony duties in the morning.

Back in the stables, an overwrought Aindrias, finally overcome from sheer exhaustion, drifted into a fitful sleep as the first dawn light pierced the gloom of the interior. New sounds broke the early morning silence as the shackled occupants of the stalls stirred and awoke to a new day of toil. 


To be continued..................

You can access the Jean-Christophe stories by joining the archive group at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 








     

  




