
My husbands friends 

Hi Jeevan 

After a long time I am writing to you. Some time back I had done exhibitionism with your help to vegetable vendor, servant and my father in law. After that my husband and me thought let us slow down a bit and my father In law has fucked me and now he has gone to his other son who is in U.S.A. we both missed the excitement for a long time and our sex life too became boring. So we thought why not start the fun again with some fresh excitement. 

As per your advice we thought why not try my husband's friends. So I started attending my husband's friends parties, which before only my husband used to go. This gave me a lot of opportunity to expose my body to other men. 

Some time back we were invited for a party of a friend of my husband, Rahul, who is a 
widower and living alone. I dressed up in semi transparent black silk sari with semi transparent silk black blouse with a red bra which is of lace type. Then I wore a maroon lipstick and big earrings that hung sexily. And I wore the sari low hip, revealing my deep navel and exposing my belly button. I wore high heels that made my hips sway as I walked and went along with my husband. On the way I wrapped my saree so my navel and low cut blouse is not visible to others. This made me a decent housewife. 

We entered Rahul's farmhouse and we were welcomed by Rahul who is 5.10,wheatish complexion and medium built body. He was really handsome and I really wanted to seduce him. My husband said that I can have fun with anybody but he told me to be careful with guys who have come along with wives because first I need to build a rapport with their wives before starting to flirt with their husbands. 

That is the reason I have covered myself not to show off much. Then I got introduced to the people in the party. There was one more couple and one guy. They were all my husband's friends only. The guy who had come alone was Santosh and he told us that his wife could not come as she was at her parent's place. The other couple was Dhananjay and Ragheswari and they both said hello to us too. Ragheswari was wearing a neat decent not exposing salwar. So I thought I should not do anything now. Then the servant of Rahul came and he was introduced to us as Rajeev. My husband and his friends know about him. Only Ragheswari and me did not know him. He served drinks to all the people. I went for a small gin with lemon and Ragheswari went for a beer. We were 
chatting about various things and drinking and having bit of snacks. 

We all were talking on some general issues. After some time Dhananjay and 
Ragheswari said they need to go since they need to look at their parents. Rahul insisted on they have food and go but they said we will have to go and went off. Then my husband started talking to Santosh on some of the company matter since they have worked in the past too. It was getting chilly by the air conditioning and I told Rahul it is bit cold and Rahul then looked at my empty glass and said why not fill it up to warm 
you up. I smiled and agreed. 

Then Rahul said to me this is your first visit to my house so why not I show you the house. I agreed and before going told my husband and he gave a meaningful look. I smiled and went with him. 

Now from the hall he took me inside to the bedroom and while going I just loosened myself a little and after seeing the bedroom i asked him I need to go to the toilet and he showed me the toilet and then in the toilet I made my sari loose and put it on below navel and I just touched my makeup and then I came out and I found Rahul in the kitchen checking up what Rajeev is cooking. He saw that I have tied my sari below navel and looked at my navel for a moment and smiled at me. He asked me whether I would like to go up and see the rooms there and the terrace. It was raining outside which I could see from the kitchen window. He said it is not much of rain it is drizzling and then we were discussing about rain. 

Then we went up and he was saying I heard a lot about you from your husband. Rahul said your husband says you are an excellent cook. One day I should eat what you cooked. We were going up on the stairs and I as if accidental just slipped on one of the steps and he got hold of me from back. I felt his strong hands on my waist. He was holding my waist until I wore my high heels again. He did not say anything. Then we went up and he switched on the dim lights and was showing the place and telling about it. While moving around he said my husband is lucky to have a wife like me, good looking and sexy. I smiled at him. He was looking at my breasts in the dim lights. While moving, his hands as if accidental touched my ass. 

Then we went to the terrace where he had a small nursery type garden. I was looking at the flowers in the night and it was raining too and since I was wearing a semi transparent sari and blouse I was becoming wetter. He asked me to take an umbrella and I told him that I like to get drenched in rain like that. He said he would call Santosh and Rajesh also up if I liked it. I said sure. He went down and called the guys and after some time my husband came up and said that Santosh wants to go home and it seems Rahul had picked him up while coming from city and he said he will go and drop him and come and told me to enjoy. Then I told Rahul I will go down and he gave me some more gin to drink and I was becoming light headed. 

Rahul said he will make a phone call and come and he went inside and told Rajeev to fill my glass and get some snacks. Rajeev is also a dark guy, good decent natured and was very polite. Now I told Rajeev I will come to kitchen and pick up the snacks i need and I went there and I was showing my wet navel to him. While cooking he was looking at my deep navel and licking his lips. Then I dropped my glass as if accidentally and then said oh it has slipped and bent down to pick up the glass and I was showing my wet cleavage a lot to Rajeev. I let my paloo also down and Rajeev was looking at my milky white tits that were peeking out of my low cut blouse. 
Rahul came and saw that my paloo was down and he also had quite a look at my milky white big cleavage and he saw that Rajeev also looking and he just smiled at Rajeev. Then I said I will go to the terrace again and Rahul told Rajeev to bring the glass and snacks there to the terrace. Rahul was also taking drinks. Now while going he rubbed my ass again as if purposefully, and I did not say anything. He said after my wife you are 
the other female I saw who is sexiest. If Rajesh had not married you, I would have loved to marry you. I smiled and licked my lips noisily. We were standing near the railing in on the terrace and put a small table and watched the view and having a nice air. It was dark and Rahul was standing close to me and we were just drinking. The rain was very little so we both were standing there and enjoying the wet air. I could see that both Rahul and Rajeev were visibly excited by my show of my milky white cleavage and deep Naval. Rahul and Rajeevs relationship seemed to be of friends rather than servant and master. I felt Rahuls hand coming near my thighs and I was getting excited too. He touched my thighs and I did not say anything and he started going for my ass globes. He got bold and since we both had been drinking the initial inhibitions were not there. He was saying that 
your husband will take some time to come. Then he slowly started rubbing my ass and now squeezing it. I did not say anything. He was fully aroused and he came behind me and asked how is your husband. is he good. I understood what sense he was asking and said he is good. 

He was now very close to me and squeezing my ass with one hand and asked me whether I like it. I said I like it. He said do you like me to do more than this. I looked at him and smiled. While he was rubbing my ass Rajeev came up and put the snacks on the table near by and he smiled at me and went down. It was a new experience of being rubbed in the terrace and in open air. He then came behind me and hugged me and I could feel his thick erect cock on my ass. He cupped my tits from behind and squeezed them. he was licking my earlobes and saying you are sexy female. He now unbuttoned my blouse but did not remove it and put his hand inside my bra and scooped my tits out and started rubbing my nipples. It was an exciting experience of waiting for my husband and being fingered by my husband's friend that too on the terrace. I started moaning. 

My nipples were rock hard from the arousal and the wet wind blowing. He 
said we will go down if your husband comes it would be embarrassing. I said sure. While going down he was mauling my tits a lot and he kissed me heavily on the steps and squeezed my ass. We went down and I covered my opened blouse by the paloo and did not button the blouse. He then called Rajeev and since there was no reply we both went to the kitchen but did not see Rajeev there so we poured more drinks there and Rahul was very excited and he started kissing me again there in the kitchen itself. He was rubbing my ass and I was enjoying his foreplay. He was teasing my nipples through the sari, which covered my tits and started licking my nipples. I was moaning heavily and I felt his cock. He then unzipped his trouser and got his cock out and I got hold of his thick and large cock of 8 inches. It was dark thick and red veins were bursting in the top of the cock. I was rubbing it and he said why dont u suck it. I went down on my knees and he started teasing his cock on my nipples. He was slapping his cock on my nipples and I was moaning. Then I slowly took his cock on my mouth and he groaned heavily. I was sucking the undersides and slurping it. He said it is good to watch a fair complexioned 
lipstick covered mouth to suck on his cock. When I was sucking his cock Rajeev came and was stunned by what was going on. He looked at Rahul and asked what boss you want to lay this wife of Rajesh. Rahul said see her lovely tits Rajeev you would love that. I was sucking and wondering whether they have been waiting for me to make a move. Now Rajeev came behind me and cupped my tits and started squeezing it while I was sucking Rahul. It was the first time I was being handled by two guys and I was dripping a lot. 

When I was sucking Rahul heavily we heard the sound of the car and Rahul said your husband is coming Rashmi. Dont tell him what we did to you otherwise our friendship may break and it may not be good for both of us and we cannot continue anything later. I said dont worry next time we will have more fun and they zipped their pants and I started dressing up in proper manner. 

When I got dressed up i could hear the bell on the door and I went and sat near the TV while my husband walked in. He could see that my lipstick was not proper and my sindoor was all not proper and understood guys have fiddled with her. We have decided before itself that not to show off that we both are will for sex in the first place itself and then we sat in the kitchen table and we were having dinner while Rahul was rubbing my legs below the table. 

Now both guys finished the dinner and went to the front hall and i was last to finish and i went to the toilet to wash my hands and while washing my hands Rajeev came behind and squeezed my ass and tits and said we would love to fuck you. I smiled at him and said we will now come frequently and went to the hall. 

Then we said goodbye to Rahul and went out. On the way my husband asked me and he was visibly erect after hearing what I did with both the guys. He told me that my fetish for servants will also be fulfilled with Rajeev and he said next time we will try more and we made a stop in the middle and had a quick fuck and proceeded to our house. 

Jeevan, you can publish it. I will write more to you latter. You can also put my email id so i can receive response from your 
fans. 

Bye for now 

Rashmi< rashmi29123@rediffmail.com>  
