



  =====================================================================
       T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E
  All stories in this archive are the property of the author.  They may
  be downloaded and read by private citizens.   They are not to be used
  by commercial web sites.    Persons using this material on commercial
  sites will be vigorously pursued by the hounds from hell, or my legal
  team, whichever is deemed necessary.  (These stories were written for
  adult entertainment and should not be accessed by children.)
  =====================================================================









			  Scroll down to view text



Archive name: upside.txt
Authors name: Homer Vargas (vargas111@yahoo.com)
Story title : A World Turned Upside Down!

------------------------------------------------------------------
This work is copyrighted to Homer Vargas (c) 2001. Please do not 
remove the author information or make any changes to this story.
You may post freely to non-commercial "free" sites, or in the 
"free" area of commercial sites. Thank you for your consideration.
------------------------------------------------------------------

I would love to get comments on this:

A World Turned Upside Down!
Homer Vargas
Vargas111@yahoo.com

Some of you may remember my story of a while ago "Wonder Woman's
Most Fulfilling Adventure."  As it ended, our favorite Amazonian
Princess was definitely out of the crime-fighting business.  The
busty ex-super-heroine had just borne a daughter for the tribe's
ancient enemy, Pan, and was facing a life of slavery, making more
babies for the horny god.  More to the point of Pan's plot,
without a strong feminine role model and unprotected against Pan
and Althea his witch Queen, the world was vulnerable to their
Pan's schemes to reestablish traditional male dominance over
women.

Word of the disappearance of her elder daughter, Diana has reached
Queen Hypolite who is about to send her younger daughter, Drucilla
to replace Wonder Woman.  Before she sends her off, however she
REALLY reads her the riot act about "fooling around."  We take up
the story at this point.

A World Turned Upside Down

Homer Vargas

Vargas111@yahoo.com


"Geez, I know all that, Mom!  I'll be OK, really," the excited
Drucilla exclaimed.  "You've told me all that before."

"Drucilla darling, it's not that I don't trust you, but it's just
so important, now that Diana has disappeared.  You are the only
other Amazon that has ever visited the World of Men and only you
may be able to find her or at least to replace her.  Things are
going from bad to worse there for women.  And it's all so
mysterious.  We think some Evil Power may have been involved in
what happened to Diana."

"Gee, Mom, I don't see what's so mysterious.  You know Diana has
always been oversexed.  You haven't seen her orgasming like crazy
every time some two-bit evil genius ties her up and tries to
orgasm her into submission or the way she grinds her hips back
onto the member of one of those plantamals that capture her and
tries to plant it's seed in her.  She just got tired of being a
technical virgin and shacked up with that Steve Trevor who had
been trying to get into her pants for all these years.  I old Di
was getting it so good from Stevie, she got a little careless and
let him put a little bun in her oven.  Then, when the opprobrium
of being a pregnant Wonder Woman got too bad, she fled into
hiding.  But don't worry, Mom, I'll find her."

"You may be right, my dear!  Why at least didn't she come back
here?  We would have accepted her."

"Gosh, Mom, from the lectures you've given me all my life, I'll
bet she didn't feel that an Amazon girl showing up on Paradise
Island with a big belly would exactly be welcomed with open arms."

"Oh, dear!  Perhaps some of the blame does fall on me.  But it IS
more complicated than you think, darling.  We've made inquires,
even talked to Diana's OB/GYN.  She was three or more months
pregnant BEFORE she started sleeping with that <shudder> military
person.  Yet she had not lost her superpowers.  Apparently she had
been impregnated earlier, but without her having "given herself."
Her powers only started to fade when she began letting Col. Trevor
fuck her."

"Wow!" Dru let out, momentarily sobered.

"Besides, you don't have much time.  If you don't find her or take
Diana's place, Paradise Island is doomed."

"Huh?  How could my failure in the World of Men -- not that I'm
going to fail -- harm Paradise Island?" Dru asked.

"I've never told you or the others, but you have to know.  The
gods only extend our lease on Paradise Island in return for the
services of an Amazon.  She has to handle all the dirty little
chores in the World of Men that the Gods would have to take care
of otherwise.  But now there is some guy who's rich as Croesius
that has offered Zeus billions for the place, wants to develop it
as a Club Eros or something.  It took everything I could do to
persuade him to let us stay long enough to give you a chance.  And
I do mean everything!"

"Mom!  You don't mean you let him ...?"

"For a week!  Or should I say for a weak.  Humph!  The erstwhile
Father of the Gods and Men is definitely over the hill as far as
being a lover goes.  Could hardly get it up twice a day and only
fucks for an hour or so before he looses it."

"Mother!"  Dru could hardly believe her ears.

"Of course Hephaestus was even worse.  A few friendly fucks
weren't enough to get him to make you a new golden lasso and magic
girdle.  He insisted I take out my magic diaphragm so he could get
me --"

"Mother, you don't mean --"

"Yes, Dru.  There is going to be a new little Amazon on Paradise
Island for the first time since your were born," Hypolite
explained, patting her tummy and not looking all that unhappy
about the divine extortion.  "At least Aphrodite had taught HIM a
thing or two about how to please a woman.  And with you going
away, well, I guess it'll be nice to have another little girl
around the palace."

'Just a minute, Mom!  I was born just after Diana was sent to the
World of Men.  Does that mean that I --"

"Well, how else do you think I got him to make DIANA's lasso and
girdle?"

*****

Now that was quite a revelation, no?  Perhaps before we get down
to following Dru's exciting adventures, we should take a look at
just what little Dru will face in the World of Men.  Without our
star-spangled superheroine things have gotten pretty bad.

Item:

 - All the summer movies all have pregnancy themes: they have to.
Few actresses younger than 60 can be found that are not pregnant,
or nursing a newborn, or both.

 - CNBC women newscasters all are proudly toting bellies of
different sizes.  Debora Marchini, always the pioneer, nurses her
six-month old on camera and invites viewers to guess the sex of
the one she expecting now

 - The summer Olympics have special categories for pregnant pole-
vaulters, mommy-to-be marathoners, etc.

 - The Miss America Beauty Pageant is forced to go all-preggo with
special bonus points given for a "firm-contoured-well integrated
baby mound".

 - Production on teen soap operas on the WB and Fox become erratic
owing to dozens of attractive nubile actresses in their ultra-
fertile 20's getting knocked up.

 - Ellen Degeneres and Melissa Etheridge announce they are
splitting because they are both preggers!

 - Madonna does a lovingly depicted barefoot-pregnant-and-chained-
to-a-stove photo shoot for Rolling Stone.

 - Major retailers have maternity brands: The Mommy Republic, The
Bulge, Bloomin' Dale's,

 - "Fitness" magazine has a "Fit Pregnancy" offspring.

- -The faux-affectionate "air kiss" on the cheek of two women who
meet has been replaced by a giggly mutual tummy
bump/pat/inspection.

Among the most shocking examples of all these goings on was the
virtual collapse of NPR when the girls of the "fallopian jungle."
Cindy Robins, Nita Thompson, Lydia Worthstein, all decide to stay
home with "this one."  Of course idle hands ..., but that's
another story.  The wags started to call it National Pregnant
Radio.  How did this happen?

Well, it seems the first to fall was Lydia, whose husband had run
off with a cutie that had let him get her pregnant.  After weeks
of depression (and getting tired of her vibrator every night)
Lydia heard about Dr. Althea's public television talk show.  After
hearing Althea advise getting on with one's life, Lydia thought
about it and realized this meant she should be getting her brains
fucked out as often as possible.  She thought about it some more
and realized that she deserved a stud muffin of her very one.  Not
long afterwards Lydia found herself frequenting sports bars and
taking up with Ricky from ESPN, a hunky ex-shot putter.  Ricky had
only to put a few shots into Lydia, and grandmother Worthstein was
headed for the maternity ward.

Even before her friends found out THAT little fact, Cindy and Nita
noticed that Lydia had not only gotten over her husband's split
amazingly fast, but she was suddenly glowingly happy.  They also
noticed disturbing changes in Lydia's behavior, -- difficulty in
maintaining proper NPR gravitas, a tendency to break out in
giggles.  Fortunately it was radio, so listeners were unaware of
the shocking change in Lydia's wardrobe, daring miniskirts in
bright shocking colors, big loopy earrings, high-heel, open-toed
sandals.  When Cindy or Nita finally confronted her and asked if
this had anything to do with a new boyfriend, Lydia just smiled
and invited them and their husbands to her SC beach house for a
week "to meet him."

To their wives' disgust, Steve and Charles were not as upset at
what they heard about Lydia's behavior, but were also eager to
meet her new beau.  Lydia opened the door to the cottage wearing
hot pants and a bra-less blouse tied just below her new
magnificent set of tits (thanks to a healthy dose of vitamin
Silicone taken at Ricky's suggestions).  Cindy and Nina almost had
to break elbows in their husbands' ribs to keep them from ogling.
Knowing how to diffuse a situation, Lydia ushered everyone into
the sitting room and had everyone high on wine coolers by the time
Ricky came in from jogging on the beach.

Though they would never have admitted it, especially with their
husbands right there, both Cindy and Nita were rather jealous when
they got a look at their friend's lover.  He was Latino and built
and it was obvious what Lydia saw in him.  The excited host just
tuned out her guests for several minutes as she greeted Ricky with
a sizzling kiss.  Eyes closed, she fondled the prominent erection
through his Speedos, while letting him toy with her tits and make
her moan from some naughtiness his hand had found to do between
her legs.  Steve and Charles grinned at each other and scooted
closer to their wives who pretended not to look.  Eventually Lydia
calmed down enough to introduce her "friend."

Cindy and Nita were slightly put off when Ricky sent Lydia to
fetch beers for "me and my new buddies," but the breathless woman
gladly jumped up and soon re-appeared with three tall ones,
bending over to give her "friend" and the other two men an eye-
popping peek at her surgically-enhanced cleavage.  "Cindy, Nita,
why don't we go into the kitchen and fix lunch so the guys can
talk," Lydia beamed.

The two women rolled their eyes at each other, since neither Cindy
or Nita had cooked a meal in years and so far and they knew, Lydia
couldn't boil water either.  Wrong!  Turns out Lydia had been
taking crash gourmet cooking classes because "the way to a man's
heart -- and you know his 'what else' <giggle-giggle>-- is through
his stomach."  That explained why Lydia had been turning down
afternoon reporting assignments recently.  Though as far as Cindy
and Nita could tell, Lydia had no trouble getting to Ricky's "what
else."

Once in the kitchen, Lydia was dying to know what her friends
thought of Ricky, and didn't he have the most gorgeous abs -- and
that's not all -- <giggle> and, <blush> does he ever know how to
fuck a woman, and she'd never know how sexy it was to give a guy
blow jobs, and she loved the way his come tasted ("and just five
calories, what a great diet drink"), but he certainly made it
worthwhile because he could eat her to so many orgasms she passed
out, and she'd never had sex even twice a day before with her ex,
but Ricky did her four or five times, and she was totally in love,
and she had just been dying to tell them sooner, but he promised
he was going to get her PREGNANT! <breathe>

Nita was totally taken aback by Lydia's non-stop gush.  Of course
she was flabbergasted that her friend of fif...[oops, it isn't
nice to tell a lady's age] would think about letting a man twe
...[watch it!] so much younger than she, knock her up and off her
career track.  But she was surprised that Lydia would go down on
her new lover, but she was also a little envious that a prune-face
like Lydia had a sexy guy eating her out regularly.  She had blown
Charles a few times when they were first married.  Like most women
who had been around the block a few times before tying the knot
(she had lost her virginity -- better said, cast it aside like a
used tampon -- at thirteen when she seduced the Sr. High
quarterback) she didn't mind the taste.  Charles's was better than
most.  But when she tried to get him to give HER some nice tongue
action and he made a face as if she had asked him to drink from
the Anacostia, she stopped giving head.  It just convinced her
what a selfish lover he was and rather cooled her ardor for him.
She still fucked him when she needed it, but frankly she was
coming to prefer her vibrator.  IT always got her off and didn't
snore when ITS batteries ran down.

Cindy, on the other hand, was completely scandalized.  She hardly
focused on Lydia the thought of someone like Ricky putting her
friend back in maternity clothes, shocking as that was in a woman
of fif...[tch tch].  Rather she was shocked and horrified at the
disgusting and immoral acts Lydia was admitting to, indeed
boasting of!  The thought of allowing a man to place his penis in
her mouth was revolting as well as indecent.  Steve knew better
than to ask!  But even more was the idea of allowing a man to
touch her private parts with his hands or -- worse -- his mouth.
Cindy knew from experience with Steve what that led to.  It was
not only sinful, but also dangerous.  Their second and third
children (of the planned one) had resulted when, in a moment of
weakness, she allowed Steve to touch her down there.  In no time
she was screaming in orgasm and Steve was in her, making her a
mommy again.

Cindy realized she was prone to sin in that way and she struggled
daily to resist the urges to pleasure herself.  Before they
married, she had thought Steve was a nice boy who understood that
sex was only for having babies.  Instead, he went along with those
Post-Counciliar priests who said that sex could be a means of
expressing love or even just having fun!  Cindy didn't buy it.
The nuns had been very specific on that point.  She even felt
guilty about allowing Steve to fuck her on day twenty-seven.  The
Pope had said it was OK, but pleasure without procreation felt
like cheating.  Still, she did love Steve and knew how he suffered
on account of her virtue.  She had long ago resigned herself to
finding evidences of Steve almost nightly sin with his had.  Now
here was Lydia, whom she had always thought to be an upright
woman, glorying in giving and receiving pleasure not only from
out-of-wedlock intercourse, but also from the most perverse acts
Cindy could imagine.

Lydia was so wound up from her close encounter with Ricky she
wouldn't shut up as she flung together ham, cheese, bread and
chips.  Fixing an elaborate lunch was obviously never in her
plans, or if it was, getting her titties fondled and her pussy
felt had knocked them right out of her head.

Had they never seen one of Dr. Althea's programs, Lydia rattled
on.  Of course they were on public TELEVISION, (Lydia uttered the
word as if naming a lower phylum in the Linnean classification of
media, somewhere beneath the segmented worms), but the Doctor made
such sense and had helped her so much and her noon-time program
was on in just a few minutes they just HAD to see it.

There was no opportunity for Nita and Cindy to object as Lydia
carefully arranged three sandwiches for the men on a try with more
beer, pushed wine coolers into the hands of her friends whom she
left to make their own sandwiches and wiggled off to give the boys
lunch (and another peek at her boobs).

Hilarious laughter from the sitting room drew Nita and Cindy there
double-time.  The two women were pretty sure Ricky had made some
crude remark about his new girlfriend's new endowments and, far
from chastising him for his sexist attitude, their husbands were
lapping it up.  Lapping it up, in fact, was a pretty good
description of what Ricky was doing to Lydia's honkers, when her
friends walked in.  Ricky he had popped Lydia's boobies out of the
pesky blouse, and was using his amazingly long tongue to make the
older woman squirm and giggle delightedly.

Their spouses, however, had fallen stone silent.  It wasn't hard
to tell what had shut them up, though their mouths hung open.  The
television program that Lydia had wanted them all to see had
begun.  Their husbands' eyes were riveted to the brilliant
oversized screen where a voluptuous woman of indefinite age was
talking and flirting with the camera.  Both Nita and Cindy began
guessing which Miss Clairol bottle her hair had come from, though
they supposed that was not what held their spouses' attention.
More likely was the skirt that stopped at least five inches up her
thigh or the slit that continued up another two or three.  On the
other hand, it might also be the set of knockers that seemed to be
fairly screaming to be released from a push-up bra and out for
manual inspection.  But in their heart of hearts both women knew
what it really was: the beach-ball belly of the television
hostess.

'Men,' thought Nita, as she turned her attention to the
television.  As she suspected this Dr. Althea was just an upscale
version of the silly psychobabble found on AM talk radio.  Good
communication was important between partners: what a cliche.
Wait, did she hear that right?  Women were always eager to please
their men but needed to be told clearly exactly what to do?
"Loving but firm instruction is what we need," she said.  "A woman
who has been trained to do as she's told around the house will
<sly smile> be the kind of sex kitten you want her to be in bed."

There was something wrong about that, but Nita couldn't figure out
just what.  As she continued listening, it started making more
sense.  Of course if a man wanted a woman who was hot for him day
and night, he had to make it worth her while.  Althea realized
that some men had never learned that knowing how to eat a woman
properly could make her your slave, so she had arranged for a
demonstration.  Then, right in front of Nita and millions of other
viewers, Althea lifted her maternity dress and motioned off
camera.  'My God,' Nita thought, 'the slut isn't wearing panties
and she is DRIPPING.'  Nina hadn't seen the two men, who were
nodding silently, so rapt by a TV program since the Super Bowl.

Promptly a burly, hairy man appeared and without saying a word,
buried his face in between Althea's legs.  For the next forty-five
minutes, until Althea became incoherent during her umpteenth
orgasm, the nation was treated to the first narrated cunilingus
ever shown on national television.  It was so intense that Nita
had to get a little relieve from her own fingers.  When she
recovered, the program was over and the scene had shifted to banks
of telephones.  It was pledge week and "the kind of quality
programming you have just seen cannot survive without your
generous support."  Steve and Charles had their checkbooks out,
scribbling furiously.

'Men,' thought Cindy, as she turned her attention to the
television.  As she suspected this Dr. Althea was just an upscale
version of the silly psychobabble found on AM talk radio.  Of
course good communication was important between partners.  Wait,
did she hear that right?  Women needed constantly to ask their
partners what they could do to please them better, how they could
be sexier and more accommodating in bed?  That was bullshit!  It
was perfectly obvious how to please a man.  They were all just
overgrown fourteen-year-old boys.  After all, a bombshell like
Cindy Robins didn't need advice from this blond bimbo.  A little
red leather miniskirt would knock Steve's sock off!  Some high
heels would put a wiggle in her walk that would get her fucked as
often as he could get it up.  She didn't have to ask Steve
anything.  The erection he'd get when she met him a the door
wearing nothing but heels and a bow around her neck would tell her
all she needed to know.  Of course she already knew what the
really wanted, for her to start on a second crop of babies.  Well
he could get started tonight, Hell, this afternoon.

When Cindy looked around she saw Nina with a flushed expression on
her face and the boys with what can only be described as a shit-
eating grin.  Apparently Ricky and Lydia didn't need to watch a
program about improving communication.  Rickey had Lydia her back
on a couch and was communicating about a third of his large cock
into the pussy of the spasaming woman who was crying out for more.
"Ricky, darling, don't tease me like that.  I need it all in me!
Fuck me baby, fuck me!

"Are you sure, Liddy-Widdy?" the athletic young man replied,
grinning and keeping up a tantalizingly slow sawing motion in and
out of his girlfriend's weeping cunt.  "Don't you remember what
happened the night we met?"

"How can I forget, you bastard!  You felt me up me until I
couldn't think straight and then you fucked me stupid."

"And what happens to girls who let boys fuck them stupid without
protection?"

"They get knocked up like I did, you bastard maker.  Now shut up
and put it to me!"

"You want me to do it again, to get you even more pregnant?  To
have a big bellyful of my baby?"

"Yes, yes, damnit!  I don't care if I get too big to fit in my
parking space, just FUCK ME!

Nita had been a little worried about how docile and submissive
Lydia had been around Ricky.  Now she was relieved to see that
when Lydia told Ricky clearly what she wanted done, he did it.  As
the young man lengthened and deepened his strokes and Lydia's
moans turned to shrieks of ecstasy, Nita looked at Cindy and then
at Charles and smiled.  "I think I need a good long <pause> nap,"
she said and headed down the hall toward the bedrooms.

Cindy gave Steve a similarly seductive look and replied, "Me too.
I'm feeling very <pause> sleepy," and sauntered toward the hall.
Charles and Steve high fived and followed their wives swaying
assess.

*****

The first days following the vacation Lydia saw a marked
improvement in both her friends, in Nita's attitude and in Cindy's
attire.  Nita's bored indifference to her husband, apparent to her
friends underwent a U turn.  She wouldn't shut up about how
affectionate Steve was, how good looking, how intelligent, how
successful, how attentive and how he fucked her brains out night
and morning.  Cindy, it turned out had knees after all, though few
noticed them when she started showing so much flesh to the north.
Three, then four, and finally five inch heels replaced the drab
flats she wore and suddenly her arms grew bracelets and bangles
and her fingers and toes were painted in a dazzling sequence of
colors.  The topper was when she bent over one day to reveal a
small heart tattooed just inches below her ass-cheeks.

A few weeks later Cindy and Nita burst into Lydia's cubical,
laughing excitedly.  "We've just come from Dr. Vargas, our OB/GYN
and..." Cindy almost shrieked.

"Since he's got almost eight months to plan, he's going to get us
adjoining rooms in Sibley Maternity," Nita added with a smirk.

"I'm so happy for you!" Lydia gushed a little insincerely, hugging
the two women against her own now very noticeable tummy.  "I guess
that makes us even.  Ricky has given me twins!"

To be continued? :

Comments, please to
Homer Vargas
Vargas111@Yahoo.com

--
You can read Homer Vargas stories at
http://www.storiesonline.net (Thanks, Lazeez.)
http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/ (Thanks, Kristen)
and http://www.eroticstories.com/main
