                                    No Diaphragm
                                    By Lust4Life

After breaking up with her boy friend, Sara reluctantly agrees to a night out after work 
with her wild friend Ellen. Things get out of hand and soon Sara is on her back with a 
young stud pounding away. Just as he is about to cum, she remembers she doesnt have 
her diaphragm in.
MF preg


Sara had thrown herself into her work since she had broken up with her boyfriend. Her 
social life had ground to a halt as she devoted herself to her new project, working long 
hours and weekends. Friday was to be the day of her big presentation, the culmination of 
her hard work, and with luck, recognition for her hard work. That morning, her good 
friend, Ellen caught her shortly before her big presentation and suggested, Sara, youve 
been working like a mad woman. You need to relax, unwind a bit. We should go out 
tonight, just you and I, live it up a bit, unwind, do something different.

Lets see how much of me is left after the presentation said Sara, as she wondered just 
what her friend meant by that. Ellen had always been a bit on the wild side. But she had 
to concentrate on her up-coming presentation and soon put Ellen out of her mind. The 
audience of important customers and high level management was rather intimidating, but 
Sara had done her homework well and delivered her presentation with flair and 
confidence. The questions were tough, but again Sara was prepared and fielded them 
well. By the end she could sense the shift from guarded and skeptical to relaxed and 
comfortable on the part of the customers. At the end, the head of the customer delegation 
announced that hers was one of the best presentations he had heard. Of course there were 
follow-up action items, but those could wait, Sara could relax.

Word traveled fast and a steady stream of co-workers stopped by to congratulate Sara on 
a job well done. Later in the afternoon, Ellen stopped by and congratulated her as well. 
So, how bout it my rising star? Time to relax and celebrate? Yeah, that sounds like a 
nice idea said Sara. Let me go home and change. What time do you want to meet? 
Lets just go now said Ellen, Maybe hit happy hour at the bar and then a nice dinner, 
and then maybe  well see. The little question of what Ellen meant crossed Saras 
mind again, but she thought, What the heck, I can always beg off after dinner. Alright, 
youre on she said to Ellen, Lets go.

As they sat at a table in the bar, Sara told Ellen how pissed she was with that jerk, her 
former boyfriend. She knew that Ellen didnt have a steady boy friend, but listened as 
Ellen told her how she often found a good looking hunk who could get her going. Then 
Ellen began pointing out different men in the bar to Sara, and saying things like, 
Wouldnt you like to have him between your legs?, or I wonder how well hung that 
one is? At first, Sara was a bit shocked at her friends bluntness, but she soon got into 
the mood, pointing out men and making her own comments. The thought crossed her 
mind that maybe she should have stopped by her house after all, and picked up her 
diaphragm, just in case, but she soon forgot about it  she didnt really think she was 
ready to deal with men again anyway. Besides, it was her fertile time of the month and 
she tried to avoid sex then anyway, even with the diaphragm, just to be safe. By the third 
beer, Sara was thinking she really shouldnt have drunk that much on an empty stomach 
as she was feeling pretty light headed.

Ellen suggested a nice restaurant where they had a cocktail, a good meal and a bottle of 
wine. After desert, Sara started to tell Ellen that she had had a good time and really 
appreciated getting out, but Ellen was having none of that. The nights still young! 
Weve got to get you out to  see the sights, maybe get a little wild Just how wild is 
she thinking? wondered Sara. Ellen easily overcame Saras feeble protests and they 
piled into Ellens car. Where are we going? asked Sara. Youll see responded Ellen 
cryptically. Im not sure this is a good idea said Sara, I think Ive had a bit too much 
too drink. Dont worry, Ill take care of you. Were gonna have a good time tonight. 
Here, this will make you feel better she said handing Sara a little pill. Whats this? 
asked Sara. Just a little something I picked up  itll help, trust me. See, Ive got one 
too said Ellen as she popped a similar looking little pill in her mouth. They were now 
driving through a section of town that Sara wasnt familiar with, but they soon pulled into 
a crowded parking lot.

The sign outside read, All nude male review in bold letters. A male strip club? asked 
Sara incredulously. You need some good entertainment said Ellen, Come on. Inside 
they found seats around the stage and Ellen got them drinks from the bar. Sara started to 
protest, but Ellen told her to quit worrying and relax, enjoy herself. And as she thought 
about it, Sara was beginning to feel more relaxed, a warm glow had started inside her, 
and she had a funny feeling she couldnt quite put her finger on  maybe a little feeling of 
wildness, abandon.

Soon the music started and the first dancer appeared. At first Sara was a bit embarrassed, 
but she had to admit he was handsome. Soon he started to shed his clothes, teasing the 
audience a bit, and getting lots of cat calls from the women. Sara thought he had nice 
upper body musculature. The background music had a strong bass beat which seemed to 
travel through the floor, up the chair, right into Saras crotch. Soon the mans pants 
disappeared to more cheers, and he was dressed only in a bulging g-string. As he danced 
around he was chatting up the women, sometimes joking with them, as they were slipping 
bills into his g-string. Most just slipped a bill in, but some reached out and ran their hands 
up his legs. A few were slipping bills into his crotch and eliciting either a mischievous 
smile from the man, or a mock look of shock.

As he neared Sara and Ellen, Ellen handed Sara a bill and said Next one is on you. 
Soon the man ground his way over to Ellen where he thrust his bulging crotch at her. 
Ellen ran a hand up the inside of his thigh and tucked a bill into the fabric of his g-string. 
Oh baby! the man said as Ellens hand lingered a little longer than necessary in his g-
string. Then it was Saras turn. She felt her face reddening a bit as he wiggled his ass in 
her face, but then the wild thing that had been growing inside her started to bloom and 
she found herself imagining her legs wrapped around those buns. She found herself 
reaching out and running her hand up the back of his leg as she called out, Hot Buns! 
and slipped her bill into his g-string. As she did this, she felt a twinge in her pussy and a 
sudden dampness.

More dancers came out, entertaining the women who proceeded to get wilder and 
raunchier as the night wore on. Sara didnt feel herself anymore, she felt as if she had let 
go of her inhibitions and was free to do whatever she liked. She often found herself with 
one hand in her crotch rubbing herself, but she noticed many of the women were doing 
the same. She also found she was talking much more lewdly with the dancers, 
complimenting them on their bulges, telling them she bet they had a lot of stamina.

Finally the show came to an end. Sara was disappointed, she had been getting really 
worked up watching the men, flirting with them. She was gathering her things to leave, 
when Ellen said, Come on, lets go meet the dancers! Grabbing Saras hand she led the 
way back stage where the men were sitting around having a beer. Several other women 
were there already. A couple of the dancers came over to Sara and Ellen. One of the men 
introduced himself to Sara as Lance. After a little small talk and sexy banter, one of the 
dancers commented, Hey this isnt fair, were almost naked and youre all fully dressed. 
You girls should do a show for us now. A chorus of cheers from the men signaled their 
agreement. One of the women got up and started to do a bump and grind, while she 
peeled first her top, then her skirt, and finally her panties, leaving her completely naked. 
As she moved back next to one of the men another woman stood up and proceeded to 
strip as well. Sara rested her hand on Lances thigh as she watched. As the woman 
finished, Lance said, Hey! Your turn! and pushed Sara out into the middle. Sara 
couldnt quite believe she was doing this. She had never done anything like this before in 
her life. She had always been a modest, almost shy girl, but at the moment she couldnt 
understand why. It seemed perfectly normal to do a sensual strip in front of these 
gorgeous, almost naked hunks. She was feeling hot anyway and needed to get rid of these 
clothes. So she began to grind her hips as she unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it to the 
side. Next she undid her skirt and let it fall, leaving her in just her panties and bra. Sara 
knew she had a good figure, slim waist, wide hips, full breasts, and a pretty face. She 
could feel the dampness growing between her legs as she danced, knowing the men were 
enjoying seeing her lush body. Now she undid her bra and let her breasts spring free. 
Finally, rolling her hips, she pushed her panties down and pirouetted naked for the men, 
before rejoining Lance.

As the next woman began to dance, she leaned over and kissed Lance deeply, sliding her 
tongue into his mouth as her hand dropped to his crotch, rubbed his straining cock 
through the fabric of his g-string. She felt Lances hands on her breasts and gasped. Then 
she felt his hand sliding down her belly, through her pubic hair, and along the moist slit 
of her pussy, before a finger started to slip inside her, making her gasp. She looked 
around and suddenly everyone was clawing at each other. Ellen was laying back moaning 
with a mans head between her legs. Sara started to lick her way down Lances chest, 
down his well muscled abdomen, and finally reaching his g-string, she pulled it down, 
revealing a rapidly swelling cock. She put her head down, taking him into her mouth. His 
scent enveloped her, making her pussy spasm around his finger and flood with more 
moisture. She bobbed her head up and down and reached down with one hand, rolling his 
balls in her hand. Oh, Im so hot. Ive got to have you. Please she begged, lifting her 
head, and rolling over on her back, pulling him with her. She could feel his cock laying 
between them, pulsing, as they ground against each other. Now he lifted up and placing 
the head at the entrance to her vagina, began to push into her.

The sensation was incredible. She had never been this turned on before. She pushed up 
eagerly to meet the invading cock, to wrap herself around it. She felt the head sliding 
deep into her pussy, spreading her as it went, while her pussy wrapped tightly around the 
shaft. With a final lurch, he was all the way in, his balls pressed against her ass. Now he 
began to move, thrusting into her as she fucked back against her lover, the two of them 
lost in each other and yearning for the final bliss of orgasm. As they continued to drive 
against each other, his cock pounding relentlessly into her pussy, her pussy contracting 
around his cock, massaging it, their groans, their desperate clawing at each other, served 
to build their mutual passion. His hands were on her breasts, now on her ass, pulling her 
up against him for deeper penetration. Her hands massaged his balls, urging him on, then 
pulled his ass into her, her legs raised high and spread, as open as she could make herself 
for her lover.

He could hear her breath getting shorter, her hips moving more frantically as she neared 
orgasm, turning him on even more. She could feel his body tightening preparing for his 
explosive release deep inside her, his strokes getting shorter and faster, and knowing that 
her body was rapidly pushing him over the edge, urging him to blast his load deep inside 
her, increased her own passion, pushing her closer to the edge. She was almost there now, 
wave cresting wave, she was eager to feel herself clench around her lover in orgasm and 
feel him respond, shooting deep inside her. His cock was flying in and out of her pussy 
now, his breath coming in pants. He was clearly at the edge, moments from exploding 
inside her. Now she felt his cock begin to swell for the final few strokes before 
ejaculation  ejaculation?!? She remembered she did not have her diaphragm in! And 
she was ovulating, she was at her most fertile time of the month! She had to stop, had to 
get him out before he came, filling her fertile womb with his millions of sperm! St  Ah-
h-h she started to cry, and then her orgasm hit, her body took over, doing what it had 
been bred for millions of years to do. She felt her body bucking frantically against her 
lover, trying to drive him as deeply into her eager pussy as it could, her pussy was 
convulsing frantically around his thrusting cock, milking it, begging it to explode and fill 
her with his cum. She grabbed his ass and pulled him into her, the intensity of her orgasm 
was overwhelming. Then she felt him lunge hard into her as his cock swelled, he groaned 
loudly as he felt her lush body frantically trying to make him shoot. N- Don she tried 
to cry out, but couldnt get the words out. And then she felt the first blast of his semen 
against her cervix as he started to cum deep inside her. She felt him swell a second time, 
and another blast of hot cum filled her pussy. Her body was clenched so tightly around 
her lover he could not have pulled out if he wanted, they lay entwined, feeling his cock 
pumping into her, filling her, until finally they began to relax. You are one hot lady. I 
dont think Ive ever come as hard in my life he grinned as she felt his warmth spreading 
through her womb.

