I am a fan of this wonderful HumanDigest site. It gives you pleasure to read and fantasise. Certain stories may not be true, but still it gives pleasure to read. I am Suresh (not real name) aged 44 years and residing at Kollam in Kerala.

I would like to narrate my story to the readers of this site. I went to my aunt's house at Kozhikode as she was not feeling well and hospitalised. Uncle was staying with her at the Hospital.

Her neighbour and family used to assist them for all requirements and even used to spare a few hours at Hospital for my Uncle to go home and change. One of the days when I was at Hospital, her neighbour's wife came to the Hospital to relieve my Uncle to go home.

She didnt know that I was available at Hospital and my Uncle had already gone home. My aunt was sleeping when she came and I started talking to her about their family etc. During the conversation,

I could feel that Manjula (Aunt's neighbours wife aged around 50 - not real name) is interested in Sex as she is not getting full satisfaction from her husband who is aged above 60years. We had covered almost every subject from domestic affairs

to politics etc and it was really a wonderful talking. She asked me how long I will be available at Kozhikode and I told her that I will be returning only after my aunt is discharged from the hospital.

She came again next day by then I had already relieved my uncle. She had some conversation with my aunt for about 2 minutes as she was asked to take complete rest. We then started chatting and I had invited her for a cup of tea in the Canteen.

She readily accepted it and we went to the Canteen and she sat just next to me. I asked her to have some snacks but she politely refused and ordered coffee for her and tea for me. While talking at the canteen, I deliberately touched her hand.

I was surprised to see that she immediately responded by catching my hand. I cleared my doubt and I started talking about sex. It looked as if she was interested and we discussed about sex only after that for about 30 minutes.

She told me that she is not leading a happy sex life and wanted me to satisfy her. Next day morning, I got a call from her on my mobile and invited me to see her at her home about 12 noon. She told me that she is on leave that day.

I was very happy and I reached her house 10 minutes before 12 noon. She was waiting for me and she was alone at home. Her husband has gone to Kasargode from where he belongs to and her children (2 children - one girl and a boy) had gone to college.

As soon as I entered the house, she has closed the main door. She immediately hugged me and started kissing my lips and simultaneouly rubbing my cock. She was wearing a nighty with no brassiers and under garments.

It looked like she was waiting prepared. After 2 minutes of kissing, she went to the kitchen to prepare tea for me. I also went to kitchen and started kissing her from behind and catching her big boobs.

After tea, we went to her bed room which was kept ready by her. I took her on my arms and starred kissing all over her cheeks/lips/boobs. I slowly lied her on the bed and removed her nighty. Then I started sucking her big boobs.

She was rubbing and catching my cock. She did unbuttom my dress and it was really wonderful. After 5 minutes my cock was ready for a show. We had a doogie and a 69 and it was really wonderful.

Though she was little older, she was very much experienced in sex actions. I envy her husband as he is a lucky fellow. She told me that she really enjoyed the actions and wish to have it again.

We still keep in touch and talk a lot about sex - She is really wonderful. I could get some good experience from her which was lacking from my wife. Hope you all readers must have enjoyed the experience narrated by me.

