Hi, this is about me deflowering a lovely girl Pragya. Talking about me I am Neel and before this incident sexually I was well experienced but for Pragya it was loss of her virginity and I can easily say that she really enjoyed losing her virginity to me.

Truly speaking friends I don't know how it happened, I just followed my instinct and it happened and it was beautiful and here I am trying writing down everything as it happened and I hope wonderful readers of this wonderful blog will appreciate my efforts of trying writing down my best fuck ever.

Anyway being a male I do not have to give much reasons that why I was keen to fuck her; it's a natural phenomena of most males like me and while talking about Pragya's mind set, seriously I don't know how she got indulged with me sexually so easily. I did not compelled her hard to have sex with me, I just tried getting friendly with her and after bit of efforts she agreed to have sex with me.

I think deep inside she was curious to try something, if not proper sex then at least kissing and other modes of oral sex, probably because one of her friend use to tell her about the pleasure of getting intimate with an opposite sex and when I came in her life she found me safe;

who she thought will not blackmail her or something like that and in addition to that certainly my appearance and my casual nature attracted her as I am good looking guy with good health and witty nature. While starting from the very beginning I would say Pragya is actually my distant cousin, my father's cousin brother's daughter.

Earlier I have met Chacha Ji and Chachi Ji (Pragya's father and mother) in couple of marriages held in our town but because they brought their daughter along I never met Pragya earlier and when I met her she was too sexy to be considered as a sister.

Actually I was sent by my company one a particular project to a small but renowned business city of UP where while perusing her masters in arts Pragya was living with her parents. For me it was more or less three month project and after staying in guest house for 2-3 days when I formally met Chacha Ji Chachi Ji and Pragya on a weekend at their house Chacha Ji made me to get my luggage at his place and somewhat ordered me to live here only.

Certainly the moment I saw Pragya I was attracted to her and wanted to live around her but still when I was made to live there with a family I was feeling that my privacy is getting conked and I did not wanted to live with them. But as Chacha Ji ordered and my father also accompanied him over this I got shifted to their house and I can say in next 2-3 days I was adjusted in the family.

I was having a separate room and it was just that I could not have bear but against that I was enjoying staring my sexy cousin throughout the time I am at home. Talking about Pragya I would say beneath her middle-class exterior, with her shyness and unconsciousness about her appearance for me she has managed to exude an enormous sex-appeal.

Physically she is not tall may be bit more than five with firm and flat belly. Her face is round, with large and innocent eyes. Fair; not extremely beautiful but she is good looking in a slightly fleshy sort of way with softly molded features. As compared to the girls of same age and also with her body's proportion Pragya's breasts were quiet heavy and big.

She has long hairs, ending few inches above her fleshy ass mounds; her thighs are nicely fleshed and while talking about her ass I would say It is so round and so plump that whenever I see her wearing jeans and she is facing away from me I get tempted to touch her ass with my crotch.

Anyway like I said in 2-3 days I was adjusted in the family and because of my casual and humorous nature in week's time I was so friendly with Pragya that after dinner while pretending that she is studying in the living room she started waiting for her parents to go to sleep; so that she can talk to me about casual incidents happened in her collage.

I can easily say the way Pragya use sit with me and talk to me she was mildly attracted to me but like I said from her gesture Pragya was innocent looking; initially I did tried talking to her about sex and all, with a fear that she might share all this with her mother but like we all know eternal desire make their way on its own and on one fine moment she herself asked me when I will marry and in continuation spoke that I will certainly do a love marriage

"Bhaiya aap shaadi kab kar rahe ho....I am sure aap love marriage hi karoge" "how come you are so sure about it?" I asked her back with a smile and she said "Delhi mein to mostly sab love marriage hi karte hain...." And I asked her back "You mean yahan koi love marriage nahi karta?" "karte hain but very few....at least main nahi karne waali"

and I replied to her words with a smile "how can you be so sure...kya patta tumhen bhi kisi se sacha pyar ho jaaye..." "Papa se bahut maar padegi" she replied and giggled over her own reply, I too smiled and then asked her "you mean tumhara koi boy friend nahi hai...?" and she moved her head in no with a pleasant smile.

"Collage mein Kisi na kisi ladke ne kabhi propose to kiya hoga...." And she moved head in yes "and you said no to him....?" "Obviously...haan bol ke Papa se maar nahi khaani thi maine" and once again she giggled over her own words.

I was thinking what to speak next when Pragya spoke; somewhat told me that her best friend has boy friend and next I asked her few things about her friend and her boy friend and ultimately reached to the question which I wanted to ask her very first instant that up to what extent her friend and her have gone,

I mean they have already have sex and Pragya did not replied to that and blushed with a smile and I spoke "Tum Sharma kyun rahi ho...now you are big enough to talk about it" and with that she blushed even more intensely. I asked her again about her friend and her boy friend, that up to what extent they have gone and Pragya said that she doesn't know.

After that anyhow our conversation over that ended and while watching trailer of a typical romantic and bit bold movie Pragya said that she would like to watch this movie but her father might not allow her to go such movie with friends.

Things were looking positive and I asked her if I can take her for the movie and initially she said no to it because her father will allow her and like it can be expected I told her not to tell anything to anybody about this and she looked into my eyes with a doubt. "Papa ko patta chal gaya to bahut daatenge..." she was scared of her father and I comforted her by saying that her father will never come to know.

I could see that deep inside Pragya desired to see that movie but she was hesitating so I just perused her couple of times and she agreed. Next day I left my work place little early and bought two tickets of the movie from Pragya's desired cinema hall and showed her in the night while watching TV.

She was happy and I was excited, my dirty mind was planning ultimately get her on bed and in that concern I was little positive about getting alone wither in the dark. Anyway next day as it was fixed we met around 11 on decided place and went along to see the movie and once while crossing the road I held her soft hand in my hand; as such I was ok with it but Pragya was little uneasy with that and I liked her shying and timid gesture.

Finally we entered in the mall and while waiting to enter in the auditorium I spoke to her about that and casually gave her compliment that her hands are really very soft and I feel like always holding it. "Tumhare haath bahut soft hain...achha lag raha tha pakad ke....man kar raha tha inko pakde hi rahun" and Pragya blushed with a smile.

"jab maine tumhara haath pakda hua tha...why you were so uneasy?" I asked her next and she smiled a bit and said "I don't know" and I asked her "Strange si feeling thi na...?" and she moved her head in yes and continue I spoke again "this shows ki tumhara koi boy friend nahi hai" and she smiled back casually.

After that more or less we went into dark and while watching movie once again I thought about trying holding her hand and I placed my palm over her hand she withdrew her hand instantly. In running movie I went close to her ear to speak and asked her "What happened haath mein haath tumhen achha nahi laga tha kya?"

and uttering a word she looked into my eyes and in dark I failed to understand her mind and did not tried holding her hand again. Finally after movie we came out and after sitting at a place to eat once again I asked her didn't she liked me holding hand she said "I don't know...strange lagta hai" and replied to her b saying

"if you are feeling good then there is nothing wrong in this...hum ek dusre ka haath hi to touch kar rahe hain" and with that once again I took her hand in my hand kept on holding her for a while. Uneasiness was significant over her face, her heart was beating high but this is also she was liking my touch over her hand but ultimately after a minute or bit more she withdrew her hand in shyness and soon after that our food got served.

After that we chit chatted about the movie and she that she really liked the movie and asked me did I liked and in reply I said I liked just one scene in which hero and heroine were having sex "poori movie mein mujhe to ek hi scene achha lagga...jis mein dono sex karte hain...." And then with a naughty smile added "thoda aur dikhana chahiye tha....hai na?" and my words made Pragya blush and smile like never before.

After that more or less we came back home, obviously separately and enjoyed watching television casually in presence of her mom. Like everyday once again Pragya started studying just before her father was about to come and after dinner she continued studying.

Just to behave casual and to sense about Pragya's mindset that up to what extent she is attracted to me that day I thought going to my room early, even before Chacha Ji. Truly speaking apparently I was busy over my laptop but deep inside I could not take my mind off from Pragya,

I was recalling the conversation I had with her throughout the day and took out the conclusion and that she is attracted to me and to confirm me that after around half an hour from her father and mother's exit Pragya knocked my door and asked me do I want to watch television and I agreed and came out to the living room again.

We sat down to watch television and when I failed to find anything interesting to see I casually spoke to her in complaining fashion that she called me unnecessarily and I was watching something far better than this on my laptop. "tune mujhe faaltu mein bula liya tv dekhne ke liye....iss se better movie to main apne laptop pe hi dekh raha tha".

Truly speaking friends from my side it was purely my reflex and when I was in my room I not at all watching any movie or anything like that over my laptop, I was just going through my FB account because since morning I was not in my office did not log in into the account but my instant my freaky statement turned into a blessing for me and Pragya asked me what was I watching on my laptop.

It shook my head I found a way to move ahead and to prepare the platform I just smiled naughtily while looking into her eyes and the way Pragya smiled back I got sure she has understood. Even though I spoke and instead of saying directly that I was watching porn movie I took an indirect way and said "I was watching my favorite scene with all the details...obviously with different hero heroine" and I statement made Pragya giggle beautifully.

"If you want...you can also see" that's what I spoke next and then added "sab kuch khulam-khulla ho raha hai usmein" and Pragya giggled more over that and for a instant denied to see the movie and for a moment we sat quite while searching something better to watch.

"Tu ye sab kahin apni mummy ko to nahi batta degi" I asked her next if she will tell all this to her mom and she denied and replied by saying "nahi Bhaiya...kaisi baat kar rahe ho..." and next I asked her if she has asked her friend about her relation with her boy friend; till now did she had sex with him or not and Pragya smiled back nicely and spoke "No I have not asked her...."

and replied back instantly by saying "why...? pooch leti is mein kya hai..." and Pragya continued her statement "because I know...wo sex kar chukki hai" and this time her statement brought smile over my face and I teased her "see...that what I call brave girl...tum to darpoke(coward) ho...." And my words agitated her a bit and she replied back in dominating voice

"Bhaiya main darpoke nahi hun... it's just that I am not in hurry...shaadi ke baad sex karungi... apne husband ke saath" and her words made me smile naughtily and my naughty smile realized her that she has overstepped a bit in argument and that realization made her blush wonderfully and she went silent.

By now I was well into it and wanted continue this temperament of mature talk and I casually spoke "Shaadi ke baad to sabhi sex karte hain...sex karne ka asli mazza to Shaadi ke pahle hi aata hai...you know chup chup ke" and my reflex statement made Pragya more rapturous and she asked me back "aap sex kar chuke ho kya?" and I instantly revealed the truth by accepting

"Obviously...thoda time pahle meri bhi ek girl friend thi..." and that made Pragya speechless for a minute she just continued looking into my eyes with a smile. "Where is she now...Delhi mein?" next Pragya asked me about my girl friend and I said yes and added that we had a break up around 6 months back and when she asked for the reason of the break up I gave her few lousy

reasons and ended the conversation about my past and asked her about her friend's sex life, that where they meet to have sex and she said that her friend's both the parents are working and they easily manage to have sex in the house only. As far as thought of fucking Pragya was concerned my mind was running fast somehow I wanted to take this conversation up to that extent where I

could asked her about trying mild things like kissing and all casually and once again I spoke to her about porn movies and asked her if she has ever seen that kind of movies. Pragya accepted that she has seen fucking on the screen at her friend's place, the one who is sexually involved with her boy friend and next I asked if she has xxx movies in her PC too and saying that she

cannot dare to save movies in her PC she denied, she said her mother often check the PC. Next I asked her if she wants to watch Porn movie right now and like last time she denied this time too. Assuming she does not want to watch porn with me I asked her if she wants to watch it alone then she can take my laptop in her bedroom and like last couple of times I was once again expecting

a no from her but to my surprise she said yes to it and I went in and brought my laptop to give it to her for the night and showed her the folder where all porn movies were kept. After that we decided to go to sleep and she formally asked me if I have work to do over my laptop and I showed her my big screen Mobile while saying "maine bhi porn movie hi dekhni hai...main iss pe dekh lunga...."

And like I was expecting Pragya was pleasantly surprised with a fact that I have saved porn movies in my mobile too and ultimately after confirming that passed a note that I am very naughty "Bhaiya Aap bahut naughty ho" and this time I banged on her while saying "yes I accept....I am naughty and I behave naughty....but you don't behave what you are...tum naughty ho but you behave innocent"

and my words made Pragya blush a bit and she looked at me with arbitrary anger. She was holding my laptop to take along with her and finally uttered "Ok...Good night" and once again my reflex paid me well and I replied with "Good night...ab tum apne room mein jaakar masturbate karo...main apne room mein jaakar masturbate karta hun"

and my words turned Pragya's face red and she instantly walked to her room while smiling facing away from me. Like it can be assumed I came back to my room and immediately started jerking my monster to shag my load and after a minute or bit more felt like talking to her while masturbating.

I called her on her mobile and initially while pretending normal requested her not to speak anything about all this to anybody and she replied with "obviously...aap tension mat low" next I asked her if she has started watching porn and she said yes to it, I asked which one she is watching and next told to watch the specific movie to see a wonderful kissing and she said OK to it.

I wanted to continue talking to her but she did not seemed interested in that so I disconnected the line and masturbated hard and fast while thinking fucking Pragya. Finally night passed and next day throughout the time I was in the office I was planning for the night, that how can I move ahead over fucking Pragya;

I was living with her in the same house barely from last ten days and from the conversation and everything happened between us anybody could guess that it is just not me who is attracted to her, she was also equally attracted to me and now I was desperate to make full use of this opportunity and ultimately to move ahead over this in the evening asked Pragya

to show me her friend's picture and she showed it to me over her FB account on my laptop. Particularly in that picture Pragya and her friend were beside each other and like I was planning since morning that I will say something naughty about her friend I casually passed a comment over her friends physical appearance; specifically praised her breasts "Wow kya boobs hain...?"

and hearing that Pragya failed to resist smiling and slapped me over my shoulder causally and I spoke again "isska boy friend isski breast bahut jayada Chusta hoga....tabhi itni badi ho gayi hain" and my words added fuel to Pragya's smile and she giggled nicely and once again slapped me over my shoulder for my naughtiness.

I continued looking at the picture and once again uttered and you can say stepped ahead in naughtiness and praised her friend's breasts while comparing it to hers while saying "isske boobs ke saamne tumhare boobs bahut chhote hain" and my words surprised Pragya like it was not expected to me and she stared into my eyes with a shock and I instantly said sorry to her while giggling

"I am sorry agar tumko bura lagga to...but this is true....uske boobs tumhare boobs se jayada bade hain" and my wittiness made her lose her serious gesture and once again she failed to resist smiling and ultimately spoke "Bhaiya dheere-dheere aap limit cross kar rahe ho..." and I accepted and for an instant apologized by saying "Ok...now I will not speak naughty...".

After that we sat together for a while to see one comedy movie coming over television and while watching movie Pragya was accessing her FB account over my laptop, she showed me pictures of her college campus and also few other friends and also her friend's boy friend's picture and I kept calm.

I would say after she said I am crossing limits I did not uttered anything naughty but my mind was running fast, Pragya was attracting me with her every tiny gesture and with every passing moment I was getting desperate to fuck her. I was hard in my jokey and anyhow wanted to get her on the bed and with some plan I asked her if she can make tea for me.

Like I knew she got up and went inside kitchen and I too got up and went to the balcony which was attached to my room. Till Pragya came beside me with a cup of tea I was preparing myself for next step and I must say I was really very uneasy in trying what I was thinking to do and for a moment I spoke to her about pleasant weather and cool breeze and she responded with a smile.

Then there was silence for a minute, I was thinking about hugging her sideways and anyhow I was failing to gather courage, I don't exactly what Pragya was thinking but I think she could sense the change in my attitude; that I am not speaking anything naughty since she has passed a note that I am crossing limit.

We both were standing in a balcony with resting our elbows over the wall and finally I moved bit sideways towards her and our arms touched. Pragya sensed that that I have moved myself specifically to touch her but she did not reacted to it, she did not even looked at me and smiled mildly while looking at the road and that boosted my confidence and I tenderly grabbed her sideways in my right arm.

Like I knew Pragya was surprised, she tried getting away from me lightly and looked at me, into my eyes and I casually spoke "kya hua...thoda sa touch hi to kar raha hun...?" (What happened...I am just touching you a bit) and Pragya removed my hand from her arm with a gentle and blushing smile.

Next I took her hand in my hand and asked her "hum haath mein haath rakh sakte hain" and she shivered significantly in some rapturous sensation and for few seconds she did not pulled her hand back and that brought bit more confidence in me and after she pulled her hand back I asked her if her friend has ever told her how it feels when she make love with her boyfriend and Pragya looked at my face without any expressions,

she was sensing my intentions and from her gesture I could see that she is comfortable with it and finally I spoke my eternal desire in low, sensual and romantic voice "Pragya tum bahut sweet ho...meri girl friend ban jaao...." and my words made her blush, I could feel that her heart was pounding high and she looked down without uttering anything.

I could sense that she was going through a sensation which she has never felt earlier, she seemed willing to say yes but she was hesitant and I lifted her face from her chin and while looking into her eyes I asked her for yes or no over my proposal and she blushed again.