Hi readers I am also like all of you enjoying the various stories and esperiences written by different people. I was hesitant shy and shameful to think or talk of my experience but seeing so many people thinking like me

I am encouraged and my guilt is reduced and I decided to share my experience with all of you. do reply if you have anything to say to me to my email id. my name is sirish and I stay in chennai. I am presently 25.

my family consist of one sis aged 22 doing post graduation her name is suma. my mom is 47. she is a school teacher. my sis is very sexy fair tall modern.my mom is a teacher in school. what I am going to write is a real incident

happened in my life and shattered my innocence and thoughts. when I was about 17 at that time we were staying in manglore in an independent house and we local lads were playing criket, one guy hit the ball and it went into our house.

I opened the gate in search of the ball when I noticed that the main door was closed which normally is open and the scooter of rao uncle was outside. incidentally rao is my moms collegue and comes home sometimes

when they dicuss about school and other programmes of children like camps of scouts etc.being curious I went around and noticed the window of my parents being slightly open and some sounds coming.

I went near and peeped in and was shocked for life. there I saw my mom fully naked boobs hanging hair let loose (she always ties into a bun and keeps spic and span) and hungrily sucking the prick of rao uncle

who is also naked and carasing my moms buttocks and having a excited look on his face and he is moaning and she is also making loud sounds. I got shocked,frustated,angry and helpless. my first reaction was to force myself

into the house and beat the rao uncle and kill him,also strangely I was aroused seeing my mom like that. i silently went away and started crieng in total shock. on that I was totally calm and depressed and my mom asked me why I was like that but I just kept quiet.

I just did not know how to react. after that I could not know whether any thing happened again but fortunately rao got transferred to different town and I was greatly relieved as my mind was at rest.

however a strange situaion developed as frequently I used to dream about my mom without clothes and I was in the place of rao. surprisingly I somehow never felt any guilt probably I wanted to avenge my mom's act of debauchary.

after five years: everything was going on well when one day rao uncle suddenly came to our house and informed that he got transferred back and is locating the house near our place. I was wild with rage imagining the past however

I had a faint hope that my mom would have got over her infatuation and also as she has grown that much older probably she will be mor e matured and avoid such foolish acts. I later noticed that he was visiting our house again frequently

and my mother gets a strange glow when he comes. I was terribly annoyed and decided to teach both a lesson. normally every saturday he comes to our house in the pretext of discussing the action plan

of the curriculam of th eschool as both teach maths and their school is only for 5 days in a week. so the next saturday I took off and stayed in the house. as I was not going out I could notice my mom getting very restless

and than as he did not know rao came and did some petty talk with me and my mom. I wanted to catch them red handed so I delibarately got up and saying that I have a meeting with an old friend I got dressed up and left the house.

after spending some time in the main road I returned back. I noticed that the main door was closed which never is closed excepting in the night in our house. I got wild,excited but to cotinue I tip toed without making any noice and went to the backyard.

with a plan I had kept the back door unlatched earlier. i slowly pushed the door and got without any noice and slowly I got in. I heard laugh and conversation from the bedroom of my parents I slowly secretly went near. the door was partially closed.

I peeped from the splits when I noticed that the bastard rao was sleeping in the lap of mom, where here saree was set loose and the blouse and bra was opened the two fair big boobs hanging with big areoles and stiff nipples.

he was carasing her stomach, and buttocks and in between kissing the nipples. she was rubbing his bare chest and with other hand she was stroking his prick which was thick and taken out of pant he was wearing

and they were conversing saying how he was dissapointed seeing me in the house and my slut mom saying she was praying how I would go away. i got terribly angry and unable to control I pushed the door and shouted "mommy what are u doing you bitch".

they were shocked to death seeing me with disbelief. he jumped up pulling up his pant.I pounced on him and started beating him black and blue wildly shouting on him "bastard get out you bastard"

my mom got up and trieng to adjust and set her saree along with pettycoat and tieng her blouse and bra. she tried to stop me I pushed her down and by that time rao got time he picked up his shirt and ran towards the door opening it he just ran away.

I chased him till the door and stopped at the door. i banged the door and went back by that time my mom dressed back and was shocked,shameful and was crieng with face in the hands. "stop acting ma I know you are a bitch how can you do this"

"i am sorry I got carried away please excuse me " i slumped in the chair with frustration. she cried for some time and she did not know what to do next. i got up and told"i will call up papa this is too much"

"please son dont do this your papa will kill me dont do this" i sat down and paused for few minutes staring on the floor in deep thought. i think she was terribly afraid and was looking in anticipation, shame.

"ok mom I will not tell but you have to promise me three things " "i will do what ever you ask please dont tell dad. what do you want me to do " "first this thing that has happened it should stop immediately and never occur promise me "

"i promise I got carried away I will never do it" "second you should resign from job and never see rao in life and he should never come to our house. if I see him again I will just kill him and go to jail" "ok I will never meet him and resign immediately"

"lastly you have risen the desire in me I want you to do whatever you did to rao once " "oh god how can you ask like that I am your mom it is sin god will punish you and me please dont talk like that"

"mom I know you have been having it with rao uncle even few years back I kept quiet but this is the limit. I have been suffering with desire after I first saw you like that. I agree it is sin if you are a mom like other moms pious and nice,

you have been bad,very bad women, you have to be punished and I think this is the best punishment" "no this I cant agree I will die than agreeing for it." "dont act like a prude. I will tell dad he will get angry he will kill rao,

than he goes to jail, nobody marries sis, and everybody else will come to know, your mom, grandfather, dads mom, your sis, imagine what they will think of you" "please son please I beg you dont do this to me"

"mom what I am asking is to avoid all this.i know what I am asking is bad but you just dont know how many times you have troubled me in my dreams coming and doing all this please just once please "

i think she understood the situation that she has no way out. "do it take what you want. you want my body take it but I am not doing it with consent" she was trieng to play psycological shot and I thought I should not fall for it.

I went near her and first removed her pallu, than slowly removed all the hooks of her blouse and lifted her hands removing the blouse. she has lot of hair in armpits. it was the first time for me to see a grown up women in a raw that too my own mom.

I removed the pleats of saree and pulled it out. she was standing with arms across the chest feeling shame before her own son. "please son cant we forget and stop. cant you forgive me." "ok mom I promise I will remove your clothes but will not fuck unless you ask me "

saying that I went near her and took her face into my hands and kissed her lips. she just resisted without opening her lips. i caressed her back with one hand and removed the hook of her bra and forceable removed the bra from her shoulders.

i suddenly put my hands under her thighs and lifted her into my hands she was shocked. i took her and dropped her on the bed. she lay on the bed arms covering her breasts and legs held close "please stop son dont belittle me more please I am dying of shame"

without taking notice of her words I slowly started kissing her first her face, eyes, neck, lips, shoulders than I removed her hands from the breasts and lifting one hand on the shoulder, arms, armlpits than the sides of her boobs,

initially she was very stiff but I noticed she was slowly loosening up. than I circled my lips around the nipple and on the areoles. than I went down and kissed passionately and delicately on the belly buttun.

i noticed inspite of her resistance she suddenly shivered entired body."please son I beg you to stop what you are doing is wrong and sin dont do this "but I noticed that in the tone the earlier strength of rejection was absent and was looking more a half hearted one.

than I slowly started rubbing her thighs and calfs and with other hand I put my hand on her hand on the cunt area over the pettycoat and pressed it with my palm. she suddenly shivered and suddenly said " no please no enough "and tried to push me away.

I applied a bit of force and removed the knot of her pettycoat and pulled it down making her fully naked. live raw naked fair full of hair her nude body before me it was just unbearable for me. I went down further and spread her legs

and started licking her cunt all around kissing on the clitoris, she was now out of her control and I think all her pretensions were off. pobably she was already heated up with earlier encounter of rao and my foreplay

she forgot son etc and was full of escacy she started moaning "hmmm do it deeper deeper kiss it " now I knew I was in control and I used all my expertise and started kissing pressing kneading licking her cunt to the best way

and giving her full joy and than I slowly pushed one fingure into the cunt she suddenly jumped " no I want you fuckm e son fuck me " I got up and laid myself on her spreading her legs and I inserted my prick into her cunt, which she guided,

me fucking my own mom, with her consent, her desire and fucking her strongly she shouting "fuckme fuck me more harder " and than both of us climaxed. after that we came to a n arrangement that we will not repeat it and she will not do any thing wrong and struck to that.

