Wife Flashes America
by Nakedcraving

A couple show off naked wife to any and all who'll look.

"You really like showing it off don't you?" I said to my wife as she positioned herself in front of a large window in our hotel without a stitch on, the curtains open and the sun shining on her bare skin. Her breasts were taut and round, her nipples were hard like pebbles on her chest, and her bottom was round and firm and heart shaped, and her pubic hair was trimmed to a small triangle with a slight patch of hair just above her cleft. I smiled at her showing off her body, because I did like to see her showing it off and I enjoyed looking at the naked woman I had married so many years before as she exhibited herself to anyone who would look.

We had displayed her to many unsuspecting men and women over the years and made plans that day to continue our little hobby in a new town with some new challenges as often as possible.

Once when we were first married we went into a laundromat and when enough people were around, especially men, she stepped up to the washing machine and stripped everything off, putting every item of clothing she had on in the machine, and then she walked naked out to our van and got inside and waited.

When the cycle was over, she walked back inside and dried the clothes, then put each piece of clothing back on and went back out to the van. Everybody just watched her, no one called the police, or even said anything to her. It has been like that in many other places, although we have had some run ins with law enforcement a few times. One policeman even helped her get her clothes back on, telling us he thought she was beautiful and hoped we had a nice day.

We always go to nude beaches as she enjoys being naked in nature. At home she is naked most of the time and I don't complain at all about it why should I? She has even answered the door naked and has left a few salesman stuttering on the stoop. One Bible thumper told her as he stood gazing at her in the doorway that she was going to go to hell for it, but he never took his eyes off of her for the whole time he was castigating her, and he managed to stand there for an amazingly long time. He managed to stand at our front door looking at my naked wife for thirty minutes while telling her about her fate for exposing her naked body to him.

Of course, every guy I know would love to fuck my wife, that's a given, I expect that, but what I had to decide was, what was I going to do when it's so clear that she hoped one or all of them would succeed. It seems she wants it to happen pretty badly. I had to decide if I'm up for that, but not too long later I realized I might enjoy having it happen.

I first noticed her inclination for exhibitionism when we were skinny dipping while camping and when some people arrived she didn't seem to mind them looking at her. It was clear she was enjoying letting him see her naked, actually savoring the chance to show off her pussy, ass, and tits. I mean all six of us were nude, but the others in our group put on some clothes when the people showed up, but not Claire.

She even mingled with them and visited, standing in their group totally naked and natural, talking and chatting like a good neighbor. She was relishing them seeing her out of her clothes, and I began to enjoy it as well. She was showing off her wares for them, displaying all she had to offer: great tits, a scrumptious ass, and a really sexy pussy. By the look on their faces as they gazed at her, all of them actually, were captivated by the really attractive naked woman who was visiting with them so calmly.

One of our neighbors began hanging around the house when I was not home, He had seen her, I found out, sunning naked in our backyard, and it took me a few days to decide not to interfere or get in the way. I began encouraging her to let him know if she was interested in having sex with him. I had decided I was the kind of man who wanted his wife to enjoy sex with others. "If you want to fuck him," I said while we stretched out in our bed, trying to let her know I didn't mind, "you need to let him know. You've got to be direct and upfront. Say, 'Would you like to fuck your neighbor's wife?' and be ready for a honest answer." She looked at me for a while, then she smiled, an eager and lovely smile.

"Okay," she said. "I'll let him know."

It was just two days later that she told me he come over and she had taken my advice. She got naked, and then she asked him if he wanted to take things to the next level. She'd made it clear, and he understood exactly what she meant and simply nodded. That day she began fucking our neighbor for an hour or two each and every day

We started what we call our 'showing the treasure hobby' a few months after she began fucking Jacob. First, she did the laundry episode. The next thing she did was join a hiking group and as they were strolling along the trail, she stripped out of her clothes and did the rest of the hike completely naked. Only one person mentioned the fact that she was naked during the trek, and that was a woman who stopped going with the group after Claire initial nude walk. The others seemed to enjoy her naked company, so she hikes at least once every week with them with her being the only one without any clothes on.

She decided she liked the idea of flashing unsuspecting men in unusual places around neighboring towns. She'd put on a very short skirt, no underwear, and then she'd squat down and open her legs so her skirt would ride up and she'd be sure her target could get a good look at her merchandise. She did it to a priest in a Walmart store and he followed us around the superstore for nearly an hour, catching views of my wife's splayed pussy in almost every department.

We were at a free speech rally and in the middle of the speeches she stripped off her clothes and stood cheering the speakers on without a stitch on. A woman participant tried to get her to put her clothes back on but she would have nothing to do with that, and told the woman she was just "speaking her mind".

We have started to take long trips in our car where she won't wear clothes the entire journey. Our record is when we drove from Miami, Florida, to New York City and Claire was naked the whole route. A few times she had to sneak into restrooms, but often the rest stops were deserted so we just walked in. We've been on crowded freeways and guys have noticed she's topless and honked their horns and waved. She simply waved back.

We now have taken fifteen trips where she didn't wear anything the whole way, and our goal is to cross the US without her ever putting on a single piece of clothing. I know it will be challenging when we get to populated areas, but we love a challenge and are excited about the trip. My wife has taken exhibitionism to a level it is rarely taken to in this country. In Europe she may not even be the champ. In the uptight United States of America, she may be the champion of the whole country.

