------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world person or situation.

THE UN-MALE CHRONICLES: PART 3
Author: ES2C
Copyright: JULY 2002

=======
While sitting there, another late thirty-ish white couple came and sat down nearby. As they 
conversed, I began to take an interest in what they were saying.
=======
			SUE & ELMER (ELMIRA)
"Sue I ... I don't know if this was a good
		idea	..."
			"Stop being wishy washy and a scardy cat.
We've discussed this thoroughly and we're going to go 
through with it dear.  I need another good humping like 
last time.  You don't admit it, but I bet you're ready for 
another taste of good hot cream.  And you even 
admitted last week that my  snatch hasn't tasted the  
same since that night."
	"I  didn't quite say it that way.  I  said I'd  never 
have guess that you'd taste so	...
so palatable after being ... being had so many times by 
those men."
"Sounds like the same thing to me dear." "Oh  
Sue, I  wished I'd never listened  to
you and gone to that part of town that night. The  
whole thing has changed our  relationship and turned 
our marriage upside down.  It seems all  you think of 
since the attack is  getting into a relationship with some 
black stud." 
"Dear,  I  know  you're a  little  nervous
about  all  this, but  admit it, the  idea  of having black 
studs drop by to see me or us for sex has fascinated you 
too.  I've seen the way you  were looking at that 
BLACK DICKS &  WHITE CHICKS magazines I had 
at the house."
======
	I glanced over and could see the tell tale redness on Elmer's face that his wife 
was telling the truth.
=======
			"Elmer   honey,  what  has  happened has
		happened.  The four darlings could've done far
more than sexed us that night. We were lucky. I  admit 
that. But at the same time, they made me  feel like a 
woman at last.  A feeling I've never had with you.  And 
the way that one stud had  you sucking him off, I think 
you too  had feelings  awakened  within you.  Feelings  
you weren't  aware  of  either.  Even in  the  dim light  I 
could see  you enjoyed what you  were being made to 
do.  And when they made you milk and lick clean each 
of their genitals clean, I was  amazed at how  efficiently 
you did so.  I know  you were scared, but you could've 
fooled me that you hadn't done that before.  You sure 
you hadn't been a cock sucker before?" 
"Please  Sue! Someone might hear you,  and
please  don't  call  me  that.   And  for  the thousandth  
time, I've never done that before. I've told you before 
I'm not gay."
	"And  I've  told  you the same  number  of times,  
I  know  you're not either.  And  it's just  because you  
feel this guilt  associated with  Fellatio, is the reason I 
wanted you  to
come here to Un-male with me.  When I inquired about 
the Meet Black Meat Program that Un-male have for 
white couples that want to be adopted by  black studs, 
the nice counselor advised me that  since we have to 
join the program to  be in  the adoption  program, they 
might as  well work  on your feelings  of guilt and 
shame  of sucking  cocks and  having a taste for  jism. 
From their initial testing as well as your own admission,   
you're  not  upset  with  feeling inferior   to  black  
studs,  just  this  dick sucking  thing.  Oh  here comes 
our  counselor now."
		"Ms.  Hudson and Elmer, we'll have to talk here,  
all our counseling room are occupied at the present."
		"Oh   that's   all right  Ms.   Powers,   we 
understand."
		"Well  Elmer,  our  further  psychological test  
reveal you're  still worried about  what your  wife 
thinks about your being a Fellator, even  though she's 
told you she approves  over and  over again.  You still 
have somewhat of a mental block about Fellatio. We 
think our therapy is right on track.  By having you wear 
select articles  of female  apparel,  your  new exterior  
feminine image  constantly reminds  you that you  don't 
have to worry about fitting a masculine role. And  by 
doing that, you're free to let yourself adapt  to and 
enjoy whatever you want in  your new  role or 
whatever is expected of you  with complete  freedom.   
Others  see you as  being less  than a real  man, which 
you are  anyway, and  they know not to expect more 
than that of you."
		"Darling you certainly don't have to worry about 
me expecting more of you.  I know you're aren't man 
enough to do me any good since I've been  humped  by  
black  dicks.  So  like  Ms. Powers  says, clear your  
mind and be free  to accept new things."
You  are  wearing  feminine under things  now,
like we prescribed, aren't you Elmer?"
		"Uh, ... uh, yes."
		"Good.   Ms.  Hudson  did  you  bring  the blouse 
and other things I asked you to.?" 
"I've got them right here."
		"Elmer,  I  want  you  to add a  few  more things  
to what  you're already wearing.  This will  ease the  
extra tension you'll  probably experience   on  your  first  
date   tonight. Incidentally,  We have two fine 
gentlemen  for your  dates tonight. They're brothers.  
One of them  is  named  Royce,  lets see  what  their 
background file says.  Royce indicated `he has a  
preference  for  an obedient  small  statue white  male in  
partial or complete drag,  who knows  his  place  and  
has no  hangs  about pleasing a superior black man 
orally.'   Elmer I  think  he's  just  tailor  made  for	you,
according  to your  wife.  The other  brother, Jim 
prefers brunettes who are hot to trot'.  I think that fits 
you Ms. Hudson.  Both men work on  an oil platform 
off the coast for 90  days at  a time, so they'll probably 
have a lot  of pent  up hot jism to get rid of, and from 
what
you  folks  tell us,  since its been  a  while since  you've 
had your last taste of that good stuff,  you're probably 
as hungry to get it as they  are  to give  it to you.  We  
ordinarily don't  send  new  couples out with  two  
black studs on their first date, but however, due to the   
unique  situation  you  two  have   been through,  and 
the fact that we have these  two brothers  who have 
very similar  complimenting interests  to yours, the staff 
decided to take the risk and see how it'll work out."
	"But  ...  But I  can't go out  wearing  a blouse 
..."
	"Sure you can, and never say can't Elmer. Just do 
as we tell you to do.  The powder room is  over their 
Ms. Hudson.  Elmer if you don't wear  the other things 
your wife has here, I'm afraid  we'll  have  to cancel the 
date.  Just think  of  all  the  good  times  you'll  miss 
tonight.	And these  two brothers will be  so
disappointed.   And I  know you don't want  to 
displease  your lovely wife over such a trifle matter as 
wearing a blouse, some light makeup, and  some 
jewelry.  Just look around you,  see how so many other 
males like you have shed the foolishness of silly labels 
and images and are now  fully  learning  to relate to 
their  real inner  needs.   And by  doing so, they find  a 
happiness  and  serenity  they  never  thought possible.  
Stop being afraid of life Elmer, be adventuresome.   I'll 
come back in a half  hour to see if you've made up your 
mind."
	===
	Ms. Powers walked away briskly after her pep talk to Elmer who looked flushed and 
deeply embarrassed. His wife embraced him and then opened the small garment bag to 
reveal the other feminine articles. After some discussion between them, the two walked 
slowly over to the powder room.  It was obvious that his wife was in charge as she 
consoled as well as spurred her reluctant husband into doing as she and Ms. Powers 
wanted.
	In about twenty minutes, a more effeminate Elmer walked out of the powder room 
and returned to the seats which they'd left earlier. The dark gray business suit he wore was 
in stark contrast to the sheer ornately lacy Victorian blouse he wore.  It had a very lacy 
collar that fitted tightly around his neck, almost like a choker would.  He was also adorned 
with clip on pearl earrings and a very thin coat of red lipstick, pink blush, and eyeliner.  He 
was mincing his steps and no wonder.  He was also wearing low heel open toe pumps. 
Through the open ends of the flats one could clearly see was wearing lacy white stoking, 
like brides wear.  His toenails were also painted pink.
	Elmer looked nervously around as he made his way back to their seats.  He seems to 
feel better when it was apparent that no one was really staring at him.  His wife was all 
smiles as she did her best to cheer and reassure him that everything would work out as 
they desired.
====================
			"Did you have to paint my nails too?"
			"Yes  honey, it really adds to your  total
image.   you  look so  cute.  I just know  our dates will 
like you."
	"Oh  please Sue can we stop this before it goes 
any further ..."
			"Hush!   Don't say another word, you sweet
little worrywart.  Look here comes Ms. Powers. Now  
be on your best behavior.  And smile.  If you  cause her 
to cancel our date, I'll mail a copy   of that photo I took 
of you jerking off to your office."
			"You	.. You wouldn't?"
	"Damn  right I would.  I need a big  black dick in 
me so bad I can almost taste it.  Give me  a big smile 
like the ones that you'll  see in your office if you screw 
this up."
	"Why  Elmer, you look so darling.   You're even 
smiling.  That's very good."
	"He  thought every thing over you said and is  his  
doing  his  best  to  atone  for  his behavior.  He's really  
looking forward to our dates, aren't we Elmer honey?"
"Er, yes ... yes we are dear."
	"Good  well look  right over there,  those are 
your dates.   The Roberts brothers.  Royce is  the  one 
on the  left.  See he has a  nice pink  corsage  for  you  
Elmer.   He  said  he thought  you'd  like  that since one  
of  your hobbies is growing flowers. Jim is on the left 
Ms.  Hudson.  I might warn you that just as  I 
suspected, both men are really horny tonight. They  just 
came back from the platform 4 hours ago.   They're  
really  looking forward  to  a delightful  evening.  Just 
as you desired Ms. Hudson,   as  far  as  desirable   
personality characteristics that turn you and your 
husband on,  both  brothers  are very assertive,  dark 
skinned,   and  both  use  earthy  language  to express  
themselves.  And  Elmer like we  told you  sometime 
ago, if  they call you a fag  or sissy,  remember that  
such terms are used  as expressions  of  endearment  
and affection  as well  as ridicule by real men as the 
Roberts. The  mere fact  these darlings are dating  you 
means they don't desire to deride or ridicule you, but 
are seeking mutual intimate affection companionship."
===
	The Hudsons and I looked over at the two brothers about the same time.  they were 
standing  at one of the many information counters around.  Both men were big and 
muscular.  Royce was more heavyset.  Both men were dark skinned as Sue had desired.  It 
was obvious these were working men.
	Ms. Powers talked to the Hudsons for quite a while after pointing out their dates.  
She indicated that the Roberts hadn't seen any photos of the Hudsons - Un-male policy.  
She explained un-male wasn't running a beauty contest, but trying to match up people who 
had matching needs.  She also reminded the Hudsons that for the first date, and as they 
requested, the date would take place right there in the Center.  The party of four was to 
have dinner and afterwards stay go to a reserved room in the Center hotel, the four of 
them could pursue "activities of mutual interest" according to Ms. Powers.  Ms. Powers 
also said that the room would be available until Eleven O'clock the next days.  Ms. 
powers indicated she be going home soon and wouldn't return until the  next morning, and 
would like to meet with the couple afterwards to get an assessment of their date.  `If 
you're still here in the morning, stop by and tell me how things went.  If not call me.'
I was impressed with the well thought out Un-male arrangements. Ms. Powers left 
the Hudsons and brought the Roberts over to meet
their dates.  Both men had huge bulges in their pants.  It was
obvious they were ready for action.  Ms. Powers advised the four to kill time and to sit 
down and chat a while before starting their evening.  This was lucky for me, since I 
couldn't afford to leave the area at the moment, for I was still waiting to find out what 
happened with Leslie and his situation.
	After Ms. Powers departed, I settled down behind the guise of reading some 
literature and perked my ears for some intensive listening.
========
			"Damn  you look cute Elmer.  But shit, the
first  thing we's gonna  do is get you a  name that's  as 
cute as you. I ain't gonna have  no date  with a man's 
name and specially one like a  cartoon figure.  How 
about say hummmmm  ... Elmira?  You like your new 
name sissy?"
"Uh ... I ... guess ..."
	"Well  fuck it, I like it and that's  what I'm gonna 
call you."
	"I  like it  Royce. It sounds so  innocent and  
sweet.   Don't  you  like it  Jim?"   Sue Hudson  said  in  
a  sweet  tone  designed  to ridicule her husband.
	"Yeah,  it fits him perfect, he looks  too sweet  to  
be able  to properly handle a  good looking bitch like 
you."
	"He  is darling, that's why I'm here  with you.  I 
need a real man."
	"Shit  I been wanting to kiss them  pretty red  lips 
and feel your tities every since  we been talking."
	"Why  don't you  honey? I think we'd  both like 
that."
			"In front of your pansy old man?"
	"Sure, why not?.  We're on a double date. Think  
of us as two  girls out to have a  good time.  She has a 
man to kiss her if she  needs one.  Don't you Elmira 
dear?"
			"Uh ...".
=====
	Elmira, who had been dumfounded by Royce talking to him sharply and renaming 
him so boldly, seemed stunned again by his wife's brazen words and actions.  He never had 
time to mumble out a reply.  For it was at this point that Royce surprised everyone, and 
definitely me. He pulled the intimidated browbeaten Elmira toward him and placed a juicy 
kiss right on his glossy painted lips while holding him in a powerful arm grab.  Elmira 
wiggled and tried initially to break the hold, but it was no use.  Royce was just too strong 
for him.  But later, Elmira stopped resisting, as it became apparent from even where I was 
sitting, that Royce was working his tongue between Elmira's lips and into his mouth.  The 
French kiss apparently cause him to settled down and enjoy his predicament.  When he 
closed his eyes his enjoyment became even more evident.  His wife and Jim, after getting 
over the surprise of Royce's action, lost no time in mimicking the odd couple.
	I next saw Royce place and hold Elmira's smaller hand on the huge swelling lump in 
his pants.  The contrast of Elmira' smaller white hand, accented with painted fingernails 
under Royce's much bigger black hand and especially considering what part of the 
anatomy it was on, was quite a sight to be seen.   Elmira again was being forced to do 
something against his objections, but the sustained forced embrace apparently vanquished 
him, because he seemed to give up his resistance and slowly began to feel the outline of his 
masterful conqueror's penis.  Elmira seemed to be curiously trying to determine
its size and length.  Royce evidently was pleased, because he allowed his effeminate date 
more freedom to explore.   Elmira's lusty feelings must've gotten the better of him, 
because he was soon avidly groping Royce's genitals.  At the same time Sue Hudson was 
giving the other brother's genitals similar caresses, while Jim was deep tongue kissing her 
and fumbling with her luscious knockers.  Her arousal was evident.  Her swollen nipples 
clearly shown through the thin material of her sheer low cut sexy blouse.
	The scene was extraordinary, but because the area was somewhat out of view of the 
main traffic area of the atrium, only a few people even saw the spectacle that I was 
witnessing.  And those that did, didn't really seemed to take much notice.  After all, this 
was Un-male Center.
	After both couples broke their embraces, there was some small talk, but it was 
evident in their conversation, they wanted more privacy.
	Elmira face was flushed after his experience, but had a rather pleasant countenance.  
He passively settled in his date's arm embrace and didn't struggle anymore.  His 
unrestrained hand stayed in place on the now well defined swollen bulge down Royce's 
pants leg. Elmira seems to look anxiously at the bulge, almost anticipating the pleasures it 
promised him.
	Both men were in an increased state of arousal.
=====
"Damn!   You kiss  pretty good once I  got
		you jump started.  You liked my kiss?"
			"Yes ... Yes sir."
"Damn it   Elmira!   Say  yes   Royce
darling,  or some shit like that.   Understand
		fairy?"
"Yes  ... Royce,  darling.  Your kiss  was
		wonderful."
	Elmira's attitude change was astonishing to me.  I couldn't believe this was the same 
wimpy man that only hours ago wanted to go home.
	It was obvious the his wife was hot and ready to go also.  There was some more 
small talk before the two couples decided to go to their hotel room  and worry about 
eating later.
			"Elmira honey I'm not very hungry for food
now,  how about say we skip the restaurant and go 
right to our room?"
	"Uh,  ... Okay Sue.  What ... whatever you say."
"Do either of you  have any objections?" "Fuck 
no bitch!  How about you Jim?" "Hell  no!  Man 
I'm game.  We can get room
		service later."
	"Anyway,  I suspect you two darlings  will find  
something for us girls to snack on  when we get there."
Elmira only blushed as he smiled at his wife's obvious come on. The four got up and 
left.  Both black men had their arms lovingly
around each of their randy dates.  Each brother's enormous hard cock was very evident 
when they stood up.  Their straining rods seemed on the verge of breaking through the 
cloth that restrained them.  It should be no secret to any observer what the men's dates 
were in for. 
I lamented at not knowing what the actual outcome of Sue and
Elmira's evening would be, but if I had to bet, I suspected the couple would get what they 
sought, and so would the Brothers Roberts. 
I sat and squirmed in the waiting area seat as I continued my
vigil for the original reason I'd come.  I'd doze a little bit and then awake to wonder if I'd 
miss Leslie and Clay's return.
	Two hours came and went and no Clay, Leslie, Shirley, or his mother - Ms. Baxter, 
or Ms. Strong.  I decided to wait for dawn to see if I needed to.
	I tried to zero in on some interesting conversation from others in the area, but 
nothing really exciting to compare with the other stories I've detailed thus far.
	Another hour had gone by and I was re-evaluating if the results of Leslie and Clay's 
liaison were worth the wait or that important to the story.  Well curiosity got the best of 
me.  I concluded that if Shirley, Ms. Baxter, and Ms. Strong were still in the office, then 
Clay and Leslie must still be together.  A half-hour later, I spotted a smiling, but happy 
and tired looking Leslie coming toward Ms. Strong's office.
	Leslie was holding onto Clay's arm with both hands as they walked. There was a 
change on the pansy's face that was so noticeable, as compared to when I saw him last.  
Leslie, with a very broad and loving smile, had his eyes riveted on clay instead of looking 
ahead, as the two walked.
	Clay on the other hand was walking and not paying much attention to the smiling 
Leslie, who also seem to be trying to carry on a conversation with him.  Leslie being much 
shorter than Clay had to sort of walk and skip to keep up with the tall dark men that was 
his escort.  The two went into Ms. Strong's office.  I was wondering if I was going to be 
able to get any more to add to this story after all my waiting.  Well I decided to wait some 
more. Maybe I'd be able to glean something from them as they walked out, if I was 
fortunate. 
My luck held out, about ten minutes later, Leslie and Shirley
came out and sat in a set of corner seats behind me.  My excitement grew as I strained to 
hear them, while at the same time not trying to arouse suspicion of what I was doing.
"It  sure  took  a  long time for  you  and
		mother to go over your questionnaires."
			"It  was a little long but worth it all. We
had  to watch a few videotapes also, but  what we  saw 
was so educational.  Un-male is a  fine organization  
Leslie honey,  I want you to  go. You'll be so much 
happier for the experience. I know  you're  angry with  
me for what  you  saw yesterday,  but  whether  you 
marry me or  some other  lucky woman,  the training will 
be  good for  you.  your mother is doing the right thing 
by bringing you here."
	"Shirley I'm so glad we have this chance to talk.   I 
want to say I ... I love you dearly. What  I saw surprised  
me, but after I  thought about it a bit, I thought if I truly 
loved you, I  ... I should accept your desires for  uh ... 
doing that as part of my love for you." 
"That's  so sweet of  you to say baby,  but
say  what I was  doing.  Don't try to dress  or cover  it 
up.  I'm a white slut for black  men. I'm  a whore darling.  
I whore for Clay.  Go on say it while looking me in the 
eyes."
	"Er  ...  okay.   You're a white whore  for black 
men  and you ...  you whore for Clay.  You sell your 
wonderful pussy for his profit." 
"That's  good dear.  You  and I have to  be
honest and open about our relationship."
	"Shirley,  I  do  still love you.  I  don't care  if you 
are a whore. In fact, I honor  and respect  you for what 
you are.   As you know, I respect   black   men   for   
their	masculine
superiority.   So I  fully accept Clay in  your life  and why 
you work the streets for him.  As mother  has told me, I 
should not be  surprised that  all white women  will have 
a real man,  a black  man, in their lives.  Mother always 
told me I should.  That's why she was so keen on our 
marriage.   But  I  guess  I  never  took   her seriously or 
fully realized it, until tonight." 
"Why is that baby?"
	"Clay and I had chance to have a long heart to 
heart talk.  I was slightly uneasy to be all alone  with him, 
but as we talked, I warmed  up to  him like never  before.  
The room where  we were   at   was  really  like   a   
kitchenette apartment.   He made himself comfortable as  
he watched  TV.  I was hopping around bringing him 
drinks  or snacks.  He even had me take off his shoes.
	And you know I found myself  delighted
at  being able to serve him like this.  It just seemed  so 
natural for me to do this.  By being dressed  up the way  
I was, I never thought  of myself as a man, so it made it 
easier for me to perform in a womanly role and do as he 
wanted. He  called  me a sissy,  a fag and a  he  bitch 
several  times.  I ... I don't know why, but  I sort of liked 
him calling me that.  That's just what the Un-male 
counselor told me would happen when I'd dress up and 
be around a real man.  Do you think that's wrong or 
weird?"
	"Of  course not  sugar. It's natural for  a real man 
like clay to remind a sweetie like you of  your place.  
And  it's just as natural  for you  to be fond  of what he 
calls you.   That's all so wonderful honey, but tell me 
more." 
"Well  he invited me  to sit down with  him
and we talked about you and all that's happened in  the 
last couple of days.  To my surprise it was  so  easy 
talking  to him.  I told him  how much  I still loved you, 
even though I knew  he was  the real man in your life.  
He told me why I  should still love you and that he  
respected me for what I was - a pantywaist mama's boy 
and a  jack off -  and  that it was good to meet  a whitey  
who knew his place and accepted it.   I don't  know why, 
but it made everything  seemed so  right when he said  
these things to me -  I guess because it was true.  He told 
me he liked me, that's why he didn't mind me coming 
over to `clean  the  crib'  for  you and he.   He  also 
agreed that mother was correct in putting me in for Un-
male training.  He also told me that you were a better 
woman than I deserved.  `How many other  whores 
would  let a bird dick  pip-squeak like  you even look  at 
their pussy, let  alone suck  it?'   I had  to admit he was 
right.	We also  talked about how good your cunt was. Of
course,   we   were  addressing  it  from   two 
perspectives - him from creaming in you, and me from  
sucking  you  out.   I felt no  shame  in admitting  to him, 
this real man, that I  loved sucking  his  and your  many 
John's cum out  of your  sweet cunt.  `Sometimes one 
man's slop is
another  man's treasure.  Don't be shame  cause you like 
the taste of cunt slop.  I respect you for  it because I 
know this is your calling  to be less than a man'.  My 
esteem for Clay really went up when he praised me for 
doing what I did best   -  being  less  than  a  man  and  
being subservient  to those superior to me.  `This is the  
only thing that'll make you happy.'   I'll never  forget the 
way he said that.  I couldn't help  but tell him that I 
cherished his  advice so  much and that I'd  be so devoted 
to him  as the  real  man of  the house, that is,  if  you 
still thought I was deserving enough to marry. He  
assured me that he'd put in a good word for me with 
you."
	"He's always liked you darling.  He told me the 
first time he saw you that he respected you for  your  
unpretentious  attitude about  being manly  - you weren't  
and you knew it.  He  said one  of  the reasons you  and 
he hit it off  so well  was  that you  knew your place and  
never exceeded   it.    He   liked  the   way you'd
occasionally  say `Sir' to him.  If I can share a  secret  
with you  honey, he's the  reason  I started  paying more 
attention to you when  you came  over to clean up the 
place that one  time for  your mother.  When you started 
coming back to  see if there were other things you could 
do for  us, I thought you had a crush on me - your 
mother  told  me so  too -  I was thrilled  and started  to  
flirt with  you. Clay gave me  the okay  me  to  give  you 
some pussy  instead  of paying you for coming over to be 
like our maid. From that darling, I fell in love with you, 
and saw  you  as being  just the kind of husband  I 
needed.   And with Clay thinking so much of you as he 
did, I knew we three would be so happy." 
"I hope so Shirley.  I love you so."
	"I  know you do honey, now tell me more  of what 
you two talked about."
	"Clay seemed to be so proud with the number of  
tricks you've turned for him.  He's told me how  many 
repeat customers you have and how the men  in the black 
part of town rave about  your pussy.   Shirley, darling, I 
couldn't help feel the  same pride as he did and told him I  
hoped you'd  still  want  me  and think I  was  still 
deserving  enough  to be  your ... to  be  your husband."
	"sweetie  pie,  you  just work hard to  get your Un-
male certificate, that'll be your first step in proving how 
worthy you are."
	"I  will darling.  Oh thank you for  loving me and 
having faith in me."
	"You're  welcome baby, but go on.  tell  me what 
else happened."
	"Well, it was then that he pulled me closer to  him  
and said  `my dick is starting to  get hard  just thinking 
about the bitch.  You being dressed so pretty ain't 
helping matters either. In  fact, I don't  know whether it's 
her or  you that's  getting  my  Roscoe hard.'  I felt  the 
strangest sense of excitement when he pulled me over  to 
him and as he talked to me the way  he did.   His  actions  
sent a shiver of  tingling excitement  down my back.  His 
heavy husky tone
of  voice  and big hand  on me made me feel  so weak 
and submissive. Then he ... he kissed  me
	on .. on the mouth."
		"He did!  That was so nice of him."
"I was worried you might be upset at ..." "Perish  
the  thought  baby.   I've  always
wanted you and Clay to be very close, after all he  is the 
real man in my life.  If you love me you have to love him, 
and you of course know he has  to give his approval to 
you being  married to me."
	"Well  I'm ... I'm really glad to hear that Shirley.   
You'll know why when I tell you else what happened."
	"Please  do  honey,  and don't leave out  a thing.   
Here  let me  kiss you to help  steady your nerves."
		"Smack."
	"Oh  that was so good Shirley honey, thanks I  
needed it.  Well when his lips made  contact with mine, I 
couldn't believe how weaker,  but dreamy  I felt as  he 
pushed his strong  tongue right in my mouth.   He probed 
my mouth and  I found myself  sucking on his  longer  
bigger	tongue.
	As  he broke  the kiss, I  thought  I
	heard		the  noise of  a zipper.  I did.   His.
	He'd		unzipped his fly and guided my hand right
into his pants before I knew what was going on, I ... I 
was feeling his swollen heated penis."
	"Did  you like  holding his big black  dick 
sweetie?"
		"Yes	...  Yes Shirley  ... I ... I did.  I
	hope		you don't  think I'm perverted because  I
	... I did	... this."
	"Of  course not darling.  Don't ever  think of  such  
a wonderful  thing as this as  being unusual.  I'd wish 
more males like you wouldn't think such things or think 
that it's  shameful to handle   another   man's   genitals, 
and especially  a real man like Clay.  It shows  me you 
are not afraid of being your self."
			" I'm so glad you said so honey,  because the  
mere touch  further exhilarated me in  my state of mind.  
He still had one arm around me and squeezing me gently.  
I laid my head softly on  his  shoulder  and continued to 
stroke  and grip his large tool.   He let me know that  my
	hand		felt good on his cock.  I thanked him for
letting  me touch his manhood and told him this was  the  
first  time I'd ever touched  another man's cock.  I 
confessed how you let me see you and  he make love one 
time and how amazed I was at  the  size of  his member.  
He then took  my hand away from him, stood up and told 
me to get on  my  knees  and  unbuckle and take  off  his 
pants.		I slowly fell to my knees to do as he
	ordered.   I had to struggle to get his  shorts over his long  
 	stiff hard-on.  When his  pants and  shorts  fell to  his 
	ankles I still had  a hard time believing the size of his balls  
	and the  thickness of his long organ.  I was in awe of  this  
	real man.   Please forgive me, but  I still feel  embarrassed  
	in  telling  you  all this."
		"Don't  be  sweetie,  I don't ever want  my
baby		to feel shame about telling me about such
exciting delightful things as this.  I want you to  admire 
black  men's cocks darling and  tell them or me anytime 
that  you do.  I see it  as
being  very  healthy  for  you  to  do  so.  An expression  
of beauty should never be held back dear.  Remember 
that."
	"I  will.  If  nothing else Darling, this
also		helped me understand why you liked  black
cocks  so much and why mother was always giving me  
pictures of black men's magnificent  cocks to  remind me  
of their superiority.  There  is nothing  that could've 
prepared me for actually seeing one in person so close."
	"That's  so sweet of you to say honey.   It really 
turned you on huh?"
	"Yes,   it  did.   I  ... I've  never  told anyone  this 
before Shirley.  I ... I hope  you don't   change  your  
mind  about  marrying  me because of it."
	"I  doubt it sweetie pie, but go ahead tell me.  We 
can't have secrets between us."    
"You  see,  mother  always kept telling  me
that one day a black man was going to choose me to  
suck him off.  I ... I hope you don't think this gross or 
that  she was trying to make  me
...  gay,  or  she  was  nuts.  But,  she  kept telling  me  
that  I  should be ready  for  the opportunity when it 
arose."
	"I  would never think such a thing of  your 
wonderful  mother.   Plus  she was correct  to tell you 
that sweetie.  You know I suck  dicks
all  the  time.  So  just because you may  give another  
man a blow job, especially a man  like Clay, doesn't make 
you gay.  It makes you happy doesn't it?"
	"Yes  ... yes it does.  I ... I'm  relieved to  hear you 
say that.  Because, every since  I was  a teenager, she'd 
make me practice on this imitation  penis that was made 
of rubber.   She kept telling me it was for my own good. 
Even
if  I was forced to suck someone off, at  least I'd  know 
how.  Later she got one of those with an  ejaculation 
bulb on it.  She wouldn't  tell me  when she was going to 
squirt the liquid  in the  bulb through the fake black cock.  
Soon  I was  an accomplished enough practice 
cocksucker to  handle `surprise creams' - that's what  she 
called them - with ease.  I use to hate all the practice  
she'd make me go through, and I  only did  them  to 
please  her.  I never though  I'd ever have to or want to 
suck anybody's cock." 
"Sweetie I'm so glad she prepared you to be
a  cocksucker.  You should be glad your  mother was  so 
wise to have the foresight to see  what you might need in 
life?"
	"I ... guess so."
"But go on and tell me more sweetie."
	"Oh  yes.  Well, his organ was so incredibly 
majestic.   I  knew  mother was right when  she told me 
such magnificence should be praised and paid homage 
too.  Be ... before he told me,  I
knew		I wanted what he wanted.  When he told me
`suck  on  this the  way you sucked my  tongue, pansy.'   
I wanted too so bad that I  virtually opened  my lips as 
wide as I could and  engulfed
	his enormous cock head."
	"You did!  That's so marvelous.  Honey I've got  to 
tell you  something of a secret.   I've wanted  you  to  suck  
Clay's cock  anyway.   I thought this would bond the three 
of us closer. But  go  on and  tell me more, my sweet  little 
cocksucker.  I'm proud of you."
	"That's so good to know Shirley.  Well, The penis  
glan was so  smooth and pleasing to  the touch  of my 
tongue.  I eagerly ran the tip  of my  tongue in and over 
the huge pee slit. The
feel  and taste of  real dick meat was so  much better   than  
rubber  and  plastic.   All  the techniques  mother had made 
me practice seem to come  back like I'd done this 
yesterday.   Clay really  seemed to be enjoying this as 
much as I did.   He gently stroked himself in and out  of 
my mouth.  The feel of his fullness hitting the back  of my 
throat was so pleasurable.  When he came, I wasn't 
surprised when he did, but as to the  bountiful  amount  
and  the  heat  of  his boiling  semen.  I lost track of how 
many times I had to swallow to get it all down."
	"He  does shoot a lot.  Wasn't it delicious honey?"
	"Delicious  just doesn't do justice to  the 
scrumptious  taste of  his hot slimy load.   It was  good to 
have done  this for him.  I ...  I felt  so ...  so  pleased and  
contented  with
	myself."
	"You   had  good  reason  dear,  Come  here 
sweetie,  let me give my baby another kiss  for being such 
a good cocksucker for  my real man. I'm so proud of you."
		"Smack."
	"Did you do him again sweetie, or just that one 
time?"
	"I  milked his lovely still hard cock for a long  time.  
I sucked and sucked, but he didn't come.   when my jaws  
started to ache, I  asked him  if  I could take  a break.  He 
let me.   I still  had  my head  in his lap and lapped  his 
stiffness  from time to  time as I thanked  him often  for  
what he  let me do.   I  repeatedly wanted  to know if I  
did it like he wanted  me to.   He  kept reassuring  me that 
I'd done  `a pretty  good job.'  I asked him if he was going 
to  tell you about this.  He wanted to know why shouldn't 
he.  He said I should be proud for my
_	 fiancee  to know I'd sucked him off.  I had  no
good  answer why I shouldn't either, so I asked him  if he'd 
let me tell you first.  He told me you'd be pleased at me.  
And Shirley that meant so much to me when you said you 
were."
	"I know dear.  I could see it in your eyes. You're  
going to make me a proud loving devoted obedient 
husband sweetie."
	"I'm  going to try my best.  Clay also told me  that  
he will  probably want me to  do  him again  right in front 
of you and mother, but  I ..."
	"For   sure  honey.   I  think  you  should sweetie.   
That'd be so  nice.  It'd be like  a ceremony  telling 
everyone  that he's the  real man in your life too."
		"I'd  never thought of it that way, but  it
does  seem so appropriate.  And I guess more so after I 
tell you what else happened later." 
"What darling?"
	Reader, it became a little hard to hear Leslie and Shirley talking at this moment, 
because more people came by, and Leslie talked in a lower hushed voice.  But from I 
could gather, it appeared that after he couldn't easily suck another `scrumptious load' from 
Clay's magnificent member to get him off, Clay told him that was okay.  He needed to 
fuck to get off again.  Clay insinuated that if Leslie was  `ass ready', he might could get his 
rocks that way.  But he told Leslie not to worry, that he could pop his load later in 
Shirley.  Leslie it appeared to take that less than well, but accepted what Clay told him.  
However, Leslie found some kind of Un-male Love kit in the bathroom of the suite they 
were in.  He read the instructions and tried the kit out.  It evidently had something to do 
with preparing an Un-male for just what was needed in this situation - to be `ass ready.'  
So it appears that Leslie, now all clean, opened up and lubricated went back into tell Clay 
that he didn't have to wait to do Shirley, he could do him if he wanted. Clay did do the 
transvestited Leslie, not once but three times.  He seemed to beamed with the utmost 
pride as he described to his white slut fiancee in detail how wonderful it felt to be used 
that way,  as well as how many times Clay busted his nuts in him.  He described all the 
explicit details of how the muscular black man vigorously humped and plunged his huge 
dick in his white bottom.  She urged him for more and more details as she hugged and 
kissed him repeatedly, which expressed her joy at what'd occurred.  It was in this 
emotional state that Leslie's mother found them when she came out of Ms. Strong's office.  
Shirley quickly told her everything, and she added her praise for her sissy son's 
achievements.  A few minutes later Clay walked out to where the three were.  Leslie's 
mother, with tears streaming down her face, jumped up and hugged and kissed Clay.  
Thanking him for what he'd done for her son.  Shirley also did the same.  Both women 
were hugging him at the same time.  Clay had brought them word from Ms. Strong.
			"She  wants to know if you all want  Leslie
to  stay overnight or  comeback on his own  for his 
therapy."
	"Oh,  I  think  he  can come home  with  us tonight,  
since  you've  made me such  a  proud mommie.   You've  
atoned for everything  you've done to upset me darling."
			"Thank you mother."
	"And   me  too  darling.   With  your   new attitude   
we're  going  to  have  a  beautiful wedding.   But 
remember, you've got to get that Un-male certificate."
	"I  will Shirley.  I  want to make you  and Clay and 
mother real proud of me."
	"Okay  then, I'll  tell the bitch he'll  be coming back 
later.  I'm glad this shit is over. Hey babe,  we done loss 
five hours intake while we  been fucking around here.  If 
I'm lucky you can  turn  a  few stragglers tonight before  
we call it quits."
	As the reader could hear, Clay's mind was back on business after the women's 
emotional episode.  His beeper went off as he was talking.  He sent Leslie's mother to tell 
Ms. Strong about Leslie while he went to find a phone.  Shirley and Leslie remained 
seated. I heard her tell her husband to be that she was going to come right by his place 
with her loaded cunt, before he went to work in the 
morning.  He thanked her and they talked about him possibly coming by her place and 
doing the same every morning.  I heard her tell him
something like "I'd like for you to go to work everyday with me on your breath."
	When Clay returned, he told them that the call was from one of his customers he 
hadn't heard from in a while.  He said that the man was about Leslie's mother's age.  
Without the least bit of embarrassment, he asked Leslie's mother if she'd turn the trick 
for him since he didn't have time to waste Shirley on the trick - who evidently didn't want 
to pay too much anyway.  She was caught of guard, as well as the others.  But then 
Shirley chimed in to support the idea.  Leslie's mother's face seemed to light up when 
Clay mentioned the John was black.
		"Well  I haven't had any in a long time.  What
the hell!  I guess it's the least I can do for the  happiness 
you've  brought to me and  what you've done for me 
and my baby.  Okay, I'll do it."
	Clay called the customer back and confirmed that he was going to send a substitute 
for Shirley over to the man's house.  He also told Leslie to drive his mother over to the 
man's place and wait on her while she turned the trick.
	The four left after that.  Like the lovers they were, Clay and Shirley strolled out 
linked arm in arm, looking so much in love. Following behind them were Leslie and his 
mother.  She holding his hand like a child.  He asked her a question that I didn't quite hear, 
but the answer was "Of course mommie will let you suck her pussy after the nice man is 
finished with me.  That'd be a nice reward for you being so well behaved today."
	As he walked away, Leslie's sissy twitch seemed more mature and wanton than before.
=========END: THE UN-MALE CHRONICLES=======
