Bottomless at the High School Play
by TheSparkZone©


Until I was a senior in high school, I was pretty much a nobody. Then I tried 
out for the school play. In the play, I wore an elaborate gown even though I 
only had a small part. The auditorium was packed and things were going great 
until I went backstage between scenes.

The drama teacher, Mrs. Bates, said, "Shelly, we had a no-show and I need you to 
fill in. Quick, change into this costume."

I said, "But I don't know the part."

Mrs. Bates said, "You're just playing a little peasant girl. All you have to do 
is stand there until the King comes up to you. Then bend over so he can put a 
medallion around your neck. Once you get the medallion, turn and walk off the 
stage."

I said, "It sounds simple enough. I'll do it."

She said, "Terrific. Now get changed. You're on in a minute."

In the backstage darkness, I removed my gown. I was a little nervous because I 
was out in the open and all I had on was my bra and black tights. A few boys 
were staring at me so I quickly slipped on the peasant smock. Then I reached 
underneath and removed my black tights.

Even though I'm only five-foot-one, I was still a couple inches taller than the 
girl I replaced, so I was shocked to discover how short the character's costume 
was. I was barely able to fasten the snaps up the front of the little dress and 
the hem rested just below my pussy hair and butt cheeks.

I said, "Mrs. Bates, this smock is too small for me."

She asked, "Aren't you wearing shorts underneath it?"

I replied, "I don't have any shorts. I didn't know I'd be playing this part."

Mrs. Bates gave me a funny look and then she said, "Well, it will have to do."

Then I looked down at the floor and I was terrified to discover that my panties 
were bunched up inside my black tights. In the commotion of the quick change, I 
accidentally pulled my underpants off with my tights. Glancing in the mirror 
confirmed that I was bare-assed naked under the smock and the costume offered 
very little coverage of my private areas.

As I frantically tried to free my panties from my tights, Miss Bates grabbed my 
arm and said, "It's time for you to go on stage."

I yelped, "On stage? But...but..."

Before I could explain, I was thrust onto the stage in a tiny dress with nothing 
on underneath. The smock was made of a thin off-white material, but I have 
blonde hair so I was pretty confident that no one could see my fair-haired bush 
through the light fabric. However, I was still nervous because I had to stand 
near the front of the stage. Looking out at the crowd, I quickly sensed that the 
people in the front three or four rows could see right up my dress!

The character I portrayed was supposed to be a young peasant girl. Although I 
didn't have any lines, it was easy to see that I was becoming the focal point of 
the audience. Both younger boys and older men were slouching down in their seats 
to get a better view of my eighteen-year-old pussy.

My face turned red, but my nervousness intensified when I remembered that I had 
to bow before the King and allow him to put a medal around my neck. I didn't 
know what to do, so I made up my mind that I would bow and then I'd hurry off 
the stage. When it came time to bow, I leaned forward and I could feel the hem 
of the short dress riding up on my bare ass.

There was a collective gasp from the audience. It was very embarrassing because 
the act of bowing forced me to expose more than half my butt to the crowd. In my 
bent over position, I kept hoping that the King would put the medal around my 
neck quickly, but he was taking forever. In the mean time, everyone was treated 
to a clear view of my young bare buns.

Then, just as the King finished putting the medallion around my neck, a young 
boy yelled, "Hey mommy, that girl's not wearing any underpants!"

The crowd burst into laughter and I was humiliated in front of my fellow 
students, parents and faculty. I quickly stood up and spun around so that I 
could rush off the stage, but I'd forgotten that the snaps holding the smock 
together in front were barely fastened. Due to my abrupt movement, all the snaps 
from the waist down popped open and the dress flew apart in front of me as I 
tried to run off the stage.

The entire audience could see the soft fuzzy patch of golden pussy hair between 
my legs when the short dress separated in front. My choices were to continue off 
the stage and leave my bush exposed, or stop and snap the dress back together, 
which would prolong my public humiliation. I chose to continue running and 
swiftly left the stage with the dress flung to my sides, exposing my blonde girl 
fur to everyone.

I didn't stay for the encores, I didn't go to the cast party, and I didn't want 
to go to school ever again. Unfortunately, my parents were angry at me for going 
on-stage without underpants in the first place, so they felt that going to 
school would be a worthy punishment for my act of indiscretion.

As I walked down the hall to my locker, I felt like everyone was staring at me, 
and they were! A few boys made rude comments so I tried not to make eye contact 
with anyone. Then, as I was opening my locker, the beautiful captain of the 
cheerleading squad walked up to me followed by a few of the guys on the football 
team. Josie reached for the front of my jeans so I put my hands in front of me.

Josie said, "Stand still and put your hands down. I want to settle a bet."

Josie was the most popular girl in school. Everyone was watching, so I felt as 
though I had no choice, but to comply with her authoritative commands. I just 
stood there motionless as she unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans right in front of 
everyone!

Then Josie put her finger down the front of my pants and began wiggling it 
around. I couldn't believe it. The captain of the cheerleading squad was 
touching my panty-clad pussy while the best looking boys in the school watched. 
It gave me a funny feeling and made me tingle all over.

As she continued gently rubbing my pussy lips over my panties, Josie said, "I 
win. Shelly's wearing underpants today."

One of the guys said, "Double or nothing. I bet you can make Shelly wet between 
her legs."

Josie smirked, "That's no bet. She's already getting wet!"

I blushed as everyone watched Josie caress my pussy. However, the feeling was 
incredible and I was powerless to stop her. Josie looked me in the eyes and 
smiled, as if she liked what she was doing to me. She knew that I was enjoying 
her soft touch and sensed that she had complete control over me. Then the bell 
rang and she removed her finger from between my legs, much to my dismay.

As the in-crowd walked away, Josie winked and said, "See you later, Shelly."

One of the guys added, "Shelly, you put on a great show Saturday night."

As I fastened my jeans and pulled up the zipper, I suddenly came to the 
realization that until last weekend, the most popular group in my high school 
didn't even know I existed. Now they all knew my name. I began to wonder who 
else caught my performance Saturday night and how were they going to react. 

Could it be that accidentally exposing myself in public could make me the most 
popular girl in school? If so, should I accidentally expose myself again? I 
daydreamed about the possibilities for the rest of the school day! 








 