Author: mypenname3000
Title: Corrupted by the Naughty Diary Chapter Seventeen: Faithful Wife Rides the Free Use Train
Summary: A faithful wife and mother enters the Free-Use Car on the train with her family.
Keywords: mF Mf MmFf MMf MMF mc inc oral creampie anal DP inter exhib voy 1st pubilc wife cheat cuck free

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Kirrocen for the idea and for beta reading this story! If you liked this story, join my discord to vote and pitch your own! https://discord.gg/CxJgq4Cdqy

The car door slams shut and Kristen smiled. Her parents, Carter, and Natalie are driving up to Seattle to see a musical that Mom and Natalie both wanted to see. It's a double date. Something wonderfully wholesome. Sadly, driving didn't really offer many erotic possibilities.

Sure, some backseat action with Carter and Natalie or Mom giving Dad a BJ as he drove, but those were so vanilla now for Kristen. She envisions something hotter. Something that can't happen. Instead of her parents driving to Seattle, what if they took a train? One of those trains that were in Japan or a subway out in New York. But Japan was her real inspiration.

They had special cars on the train that were for women only so that they didn't have to be worried about being molested on the train ride. Kristen grins at her idea. What if it is the opposite? A special train where women went to be molested.

Now, Kristen didn't want to turn her mother and best friend into whores. They were faithful women who only had lesbian sex when away from their men. But they were both fully supportive of their men having sex with sluts. 

(Of course, for Kristen, this was all in the fictional universe she was writing about.)
So she sits down and begins to pen the next story. Reality was not about to get in the way of writing something hot. Not on Kristen's perverse watch. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Son, Dad says as they board the train for Seattle, you're probably wondering why we're taking the train. And it's not for any BS green reason or because it's faster. No, no, there's a special car on this train. The Free Use Car.

Carter grins, eager to visit.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Carter Miller

Have fun, Natalie said before she kissed me on the lips. She was starting to show with her pregnancy, her belly growing nice and round. Use those sluts.

Mmm, fuck them so hard, Mom said to Dad, clearly just as excited for us to have fun as Natalie was. We'll just be here. Maybe we'll finger each other's pussies. Natalie and I haven't gotten to know each other that way. Yet.

Natalie giggled. So have fun, boys!

Yeah, I said, so eager. The Free Use Car. Any woman in there was fair game, so there was no way I was letting Natalie get in there. And Dad wasn't about to do that with Mom. He owned her cunt. 

I was glad to be on another slut-fucking bonding trip with Dad. He was just such a great mentor. He knew all the wicked things you could do to whores and where all the special places were. He never failed to show me some new delights. 

Gloryholes. Slut rooms. Now the Free-Use Car.

We headed down the train, passing through two more compartments before we reached the last one. A conductor was there in a blue uniform with the cap on. He grinned at us and nodded. There was a sign on the window leading into the car that read, Warning: Free-Use Car. Women, do not enter unless you want to be used.

I grinned from ear to ear as Dad slid the door opened and we stepped inside.

All the women in here were standing. There were no seats. They were holding handles dangling from the poles running across the ceiling or gripping the support poles running from floor to ceiling. They all wore skirts.

All so ready to have them lifted. Other men were filtering in, eyeing the talent. I spotted a hot wife with her wedding ring on and a leather miniskirt hugging her ass. It was so short, the bottom cheeks of her ass were visible. Dad went for a Tatiana Academy alumni in her school uniform. She just looked so innocent here with her knee-high socks and tartan skirt, her hair in pigtails.

But that smile...

As I moved behind the hot wife, I noticed that there was a man with his wife and fourteen-year-old daughter. They all looked around nervously. They stood out even if both mother and daughter had on skirts. They were long and weren't... provocative.

Had they wandered into the wrong car?

I slid my hand boldly around the married woman. She had a tight top that cupped her large breasts. I squeezed her tit, feeling that she wasn't wearing a bra. She moaned in delight, the pair of us swaying as the train turned.

Oh, sir, what are you doing? she gasped in this breathy voice. You can't do that!

Can't squeeze your tit? I asked, loving this game. I dug my fingers into her breast. 

No, no, she moaned in throaty delight. I'm married. My husband's waiting for me at the station. It's our anniversary.

Is it, I asked, rubbing my hard cock into her rump. She wiggled her ass back into me, feeling my bulge. And you were going to surprise him with something sexy.

Yes, she whimpered. Oh, no, don't pinch my nipple. Oh, I'm such a bad, bad girl when my nipple gets pinched, and I want to be a good wife.

Good wife, huh? I shoved my hand up beneath her blouse now and cupped her naked tit. I grinned at the woman who was on the train by mistake. She hugged her daughter closer to her, the husband holding them both. Is that what you really want?

Yes, she moaned as I squeezed her nipple. I'll scream.

I shoved my other hand down the front and between her thighs. I pressed up to the shaved folds of her pussy. I rubbed up and down her folds. She groaned as I did that, her juices soaking my digits. Her ass rubbed into my hardon.

Then why are you so wet? I asked, thrusting my fingers into her pussy.

I... I... She whimpered. I'll scream. Oh, take your fingers out of my cunt! I'm married.

I wiggled my fingers about in her pussy. Oh, you don't want my fingers in your cunt?

No. No, I don't. I'm a good wife.

Right, right, you want something else in your cunt. I ripped my fingers out of her twat while squeezing her boob. I shoved my hand down in between us. I found my hard cock and unzipped my fly. She gasped as my dick rubbed into her rump. She wiggled back into me as I shoved my shaft between her legs. You want my big dick ramming into your married cunt.

No, no, she gasped as I rubbed my cock up and down her wet slit. Her cunt juices soaked my dick. I don't want that at all.

You sure? I pushed into her slowly.

She gasped, her back arching. She rubbed into my chest as I sank deeper and deeper into her cunt. Her hot twat squeezed around me. She held me in that snug snatch. It was just so wonderful to feel her around me. 

You're so much bigger than my husband, she moaned. I mean, take that dick out of my cunt! Right now. I'm married.

You don't want me to do that, I groaned, sliding to the hilt in her. I had every inch of my dick in her snatch. You want me to fuck you hard, you dirty slut.

HELP! she screamed. I'm being molested!

No one's going to help you, I growled and drew back my cock. She gasped, squeezing her cunt down on my dick. Now I'm going to give you a real reason to scream!

I buried to the hilt in her. She gasped, squirming there. I squeezed her boob as the hot wife clamped her cunt down around my dick. That hot snatch massaged me as I pumped away at her. I fucked in and out of her cunt as she whimpered.

Her head shook, her brown hair spilling around her shoulders. I pumped away at her pussy. I fucked into her snatch. I pounded her again and again. I loved the feel of her cunt around my dick. The pleasure shot down to my balls.

You're such a wicked man, she moaned. Oh, I'm a good wife. I am... but... but...

You love my big, fat dick ramming into your married snatch!

Yes! She gripped me, shuddering. Her hips wiggled from side to side.

The train turned and we swayed. She whimpered as I thrust my cock in and out of her snatch. I grinned at the married woman with her husband and daughter. Her cheeks were crimson as she watched me fucking another hot wife.

I pounded that cheating slut's cunt. Did her husband know she rode the Free-Use Car? Was he working late on a Friday? Maybe she was heading up to Seattle to meet him at his work and have a date night. Would he know that she had a pussy full of cum?

My cum.

I slammed hard into her snatch, fucking the whore. She moaned in delight, her pussy gripping my cock. She held me tight as I plowed into her married twat. The pressure in my nuts rose and rose. I hurtled toward that amazing moment of climaxing.

I would have a huge one. Just burst. I would flood her with all that I had. It would be such a glorious climax. I couldn't wait to flood her pussy with all my jizz. I hammered her faster. Harder. I churned her up.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned, wiggling her hips back and forth. You're going to make me be such a bad wife! Oh, yes, I'm going to be so wicked! I'm going to cum on that big dick!

I winked at the other wife as I drilled the slut. Be a bad, bad wife!

YES! she screamed, her pussy going wild around my cock. I'm so bad! Cum in me! Flood my snatch with all your jizz!

Her cunt rippled around my cock. She suckled at me with that hot flesh. I loved it so much as I fucked into her pussy. She moaned, her flesh writhing around me. She spasmed about my dick with all that hot flesh. I loved every second of it.

I buried into her and groaned. I erupted.

Oh, yes, yes, flood my cunt with all that cum! she howled, her pussy rippling around me. That's it. That's so amazing! Yes!

I loved her cunt writhing around my cock. She massaged me with that hot flesh. It was so perfect having her suckling at me. I groaned, my nuts pumping more and more of my jizz into her snatch. She shuddered, her head tossing.

Oh, yes, yes, you naughty man! gasped the schoolgirl slut. She was cumming on Dad's dick. You're so wicked!

Yes, I am, he growled and buried into her.

Dad grunted as he flooded her snatch while I filled the hot wife's pussy with my jizz. The older woman's cunt rippled around my cock. She milked me while shuddering. The handle she held rattled. The train shook as it hurtled down the railway to Seattle.

I felt amazing as that hot pussy milked me dry. I fired the last of my jizz into her snatch. I panted, my heart pounding in my chest. A big smile spread on my lips as I stared at the mother and daughter. They watched on in shock.

I pulled out of the slut's pussy, my hard, wet dick thrusting before me. I should say hi to them.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Bright family realized almost at once that they had gotten on the wrong car. Mrs. Bright has her arm around her daughter and turns her away as my brother finished with the hot wife heading to enjoy her anniversary with her husband. 

The slut-wife wants to be as full of as many other men as possible, but that's not what matters. As Mrs. Bright tries to shield her daughter from the growing debauchery in the cart, a hand starts lifting her own skirt. Carter's hand.

Hey! objects her husband. You stop that! That's my wife!

The conductor rushes over to them at the objection, but he's not there to stop the Bright women from being molested. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Carolyn Bright

I held my daughter tight to me. This was horrible. There were people fucking all around us. I couldn't believe that this was happening on the train. This was so foul. I looked away from that cocky, young man as he pulled out of that married whore. His cock thrust out before him.

He was so big and wet.

My cheeks burned I wanted to get out of her. I wanted

I gasped as a hand lifted my skirt. I threw a look behind me. The boy was there. He was sixteen at most, this hungry smile on his lips. I was twice his age. Old enough to be his mother. He shouldn't be doing this.

Hey! my husband shouted. You stop that! That's my wife! You little creep! Stop it!

Is there a problem? a man in a blue uniform said as he wove through the fucking. He passed a schoolgirl shuddering as a handsome man ripped his dick out of her. 

He's assaulting my wife! Edward said.

No he isnt, said the conductor. Not on this train. If you're a woman on the Free-Use Car, then you're allowed to be molested in any way a male passenger wants. He pointed to a sign. By stepping on this car, you agree to be fucked by any man who wants to use your pussy, mouth, or asshole. That's all spelled out in RCW 47.46.300.c. Violators who object or try to prevent a molestation may be fined $1000 and receive up to 90 days in jail.

It's the law? I gasped.

Yep, the conductor said. Enjoy getting fucked, ma'am.

But... but... gasped my husband as the boy kept lifting my skirt higher and higher. This is... It can't... He glanced at the sign. It was right there. I couldn't believe it, either. Shit.

I shuddered as my skirt was now hiked up around my waist. Another man, the one who was fucking the schoolgirl, came up and boldly grabbed my daughter. He ripped her from me and pulled her up to him. He clearly liked them young.

Mom, whimpered Amber.

You just have to let him do it, sweetie, I said as the man spun the girl around to face me. We were standing a foot apart as the two molested us. It's the law. You don't want to be arrested.

No, Mommy, she whimpered as the boy shoved down my panties. I shuddered as they rolled off my butt-cheeks and down my thighs. This was really happening. I couldn't believe it. My heart pounded in my chest. This was insane.

Mmm, I am so glad that you got on the wrong train, said the boy. You secretly want to be fucked like a whore in front of your husband and daughter, don't you?

No, I gasped as his hand shoved between my thighs and up into my bush. He pressed through my curls and found my folds. No, I don't.

Then why are you wet? he asked as he stroked up and down my slit.

What, I'm not. I glanced at Edward. I'm not, honey. I don't know what he's talking about!

The last word squealed out of me as he brushed my clit. He diddled my bud. I groaned, my eyes so wide. I couldn't believe that he was doing this. He was touching me so boldly before my husband. How did he think he could get away with this?

Because it was the law. 

I whimpered, my pussy growing hotter and hotter. My daughter gasped. The man held her by the hips and was pushing on her. She was a virgin. She threw a look over her shoulder as he pushed harder on her.

Mommy, she whimpered as the boy's fingers diddled my clit. 

Just relax, I told her. You're about to lose your cherry. It's okay. He

She gasped as he plunged deep into her pussy. A strange man was violating my little girl. My cunt clenched. A whimper escaped my lips as my clit throbbed with delight. Why did this feel so good? I shuddered as something else nuzzled into my pussy.

The boy's cock. The thick tip rubbed on my cuntlips. Right against the entrance to my pussy. My daughter quivered before me. She whimpered, her eyes so wide as she took her first dick. I couldn't believe she had been deflowered before my eyes. And my husband's.

Shit, groaned Edward.

The boy thrust into me. 

I gasped, Oh, yes!

I clapped my hand over my mouth, startled about that outburst. That big, thick dick slid into me. He was larger than my husband. I couldn't believe it. He was stretching me out and reaching so deep into my pussy. I hadn't been taken from behind in nearly two decades. This was... was... 

I shook my head. No, no, I wasn't about to think that. I wasn't enjoying this. Not one bit. I shuddered as that cock drew back as Edward stared at me. His cheeks were bright red as he witnessed me shuddering here.

Carolyn? he asked. Is he...?

God, your wife is so fucking wet, the boy groaned as he thrust back into me. So hot. So tight. So juicy. She loves it. She loves my big dick.

I don't, I whimpered even as his cock felt so good pistoning away at me. Edward, I'm not loving this. I... I... It felt so good. I moaned as he churned me up. I couldn't help myself.

That dick was amazing. He thrust so hard, his nuts slapping into my bush. My butt-cheeks jiggled. I whimpered as I watched the pleasure crossing my little girl's face. Fourteen, and she was taking that man's big dick in her deflowered pussy.

Her eyes were so wide. Her strawberry-blonde pigtails swayed over her bodice. The man grunted, his handsome face looking so wild and fierce. He was definitely the father of the boyno, the sexy young manfucking my pussy. That was no boy. Oh, no, that wasn't a boy's little dick.

He had such a thick one. So long. He reached to my cervix. I tried not to moan with Edward watching. My husband of twenty years swallowed as he witnessed me getting used by this young stud. I shuddered, my orgasm building.

Mommy! Mommy! the girl whimpered.

It's okay to enjoy, I groaned. Your pussy was made to be fucked. It's okay. It's okay to enjoy it!
Are you enjoying it, Mommy? Her hazel eyes met mine. She needed to know the truth. Needed to know that this was okay.

Yes, sweetie, I whimpered, that big, fat cock slamming into me. I'm enjoying it, too. I'm enjoying being fucked by a big dick. So enjoy it, too, sweetie.

Yes, Mommy! She shuddered, her little body being pounded hard by the man, but her pussy could take it. Cunts were designed to be fucked by such wonderful cocks. 

My husband swallowed. He stared at me like he had never seen me before. I was gasping and moaning, enjoying a stranger's dick churning me up. My pussy clung to him, the pleasure building and building. I would have such a big cum.

I wanted it now. I wanted it so badly. If I was going to be fucked, then I should enjoy it. And I was so enjoying this. I was enjoying it so much. I loved this. I savored it. I squeezed my twat down on that large dick ramming into me.

Yes, yes, yes, I squealed. How much are you enjoying it, sweetie?

So much, Mommy! She trembled. It's building in me!

Mmm, yes, yes, you're going to cum, too. Your mommy is going to cum so hard on his cock.

Carolyn, Edward groaned, staring at me, his cock tenting the front of his dark-gray slacks.

I can't help it, I moaned. I'm sorry, honey, but he just feels so good. Just so amazing. Oh, yes, yes, he feels just so wondrous. Oh, that's so good. Just keep fucking me. I want to cum! I want to cum on that big dick!

Hot wife slut! snarled the stud as he hammered my cunt. You're going to cum like a whore in front of your husband!

I am! I moaned, my pussy clamping down so hard on his dick. I could feel it swelling in me with every plunge of his cock onto my pussy. I'm going to cum so hard! Just like a slut!

Mommy! squealed my daughter, her face so flushed. Me, too!

The man grinned as he fucked my daughter. I shuddered as his son drove that big, thick dick into my pussy. He hammered my twat with all that he had. I rose toward that hot burst of bliss. I was so close to it. Just so near to bursting.

My hips wiggled from side to side, stirring my cunt around his dick. I loved how big and thick he felt in me. My husband watched on, groping his dick through his pants. I shuddered as that huge cock slammed into my pussy.

I burst.

Oh, my god, yes! I gasped, cumming on another man's cock for the first time ever. 

Shit, your wife's cunt is going wild! growled the stud as my snatch rippled around that thrusting dick. He churned me up. Gong to dump a huge load in her.

Yes! Please, please, cum in me! I want your jizz in me! Oh, god, yes!

He slammed into me and erupted. His hot cum splashed against my cervix. His seed soaked my womb. My twat rippled and writhed around his big dick, milking him as he dumped more and more of his cum into me.

Mommy! my little girl squealed like a harlot. Yes, yes, cum in me, too!

Fuck! growled the father. He plowed into my little girl. Take it!

As he came in my daughter's pussy, his son flooded mine. Spurt after spurt of jizz filled my snatch. I shuddered as the pleasures slammed through me. I groaned, my snatch writhing around him as my husband watched.

He witnessed me being a married whore and reveling in all that cum spurting into me. It was fantastic having all that spunk splashing on me. I loved every second of this. Just every last moment of that pleasure flooding me.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned. Fill my pussy up!

Yes! my daughter moaned.

Damn, my husband groaned as I worked out the last of the stud's cum. Oh, wow, Carolyn. You... you dirty whore.

Uh-huh, I moaned, my orgasm peaking in me. I had all that young stud's jizz in me. Such a dirty whore!

You want dirty? said the father. Why don't we swap, son? Fuck their asses. And... Let's have the mother lick her daughter clean of my jizz.

What? my husband groaned.

The son ripped his cock out of my pussy and shoved me down to my knees. I gasped as I leaned forward. He shoved my face into my daughter's sparse bush. The father's cock pulled out of her, sliding over my lips into the process.

His cum poured out of her pussy and into my mouth. Her spicy juices flavored his salty cum. I groaned and licked at her twat. I flicked my tongue through her folds. She gasped as I did that, the two men moving around us.

Carolyn, my husband groaned again.

I just feasted on my daughter as a wet cock nuzzled into my butt-crack. I had never done anal before, but I was a free-use slut now. I had entered this cart. I had to let that stud who deflowered my daughter fuck me in the ass. I licked her once-pure pussy clean of his jizz.

He found my asshole as my daughter gasped. The son was nuzzling his dick into her backdoor. She looked over her shoulder and whimpered louder. I moaned into her pussy as my sphincter widened to take his dick. I couldn't believe it. He was as thick as his son.

Oh, god, I moaned into my little girl's pussy. 

Cum spilled out of her cunt as she whimpered, Mommy! My asshole's widening.

Just enjoy the anal, I moaned and licked up the cum. My asshole burned in this wicked way. I stretched open wider until...

The man popped into my bowels. My pussy clenched, the son's jizz spilling out of me as the father entered my anal sheath. He penetrated into my depths. I shuddered as I enjoyed how amazing it was to have that big dick sinking into me.

Inch after inch of that dick filled up my bowels. He reached deeper into my anal depths as I hungrily lapped up his jizz from my daughter's pussy. I couldn't get enough of that salty spunk mixed with her spicy delight.

Mommy, his cock is in my butt! gasped Amber. Oh, Daddy, I'm being buggered and Mommy's licking my pussy!

You're just a dirty slut like your mother, groaned my husband, his voice throaty.

You are, sweetie, I moaned. Just a dirty slut. Ooh, I love having a dick in my ass, Edward. Just love it! Another man is buggering me for the first time! I just lost my anal cherry, too, sweetie.

Wow, my daughter moaned. Oh, it feels amazing in the butt, Mommy.

Uh-huh!

I shuddered as that big dick pulled out of me. I squeezed down on him, massaging him with my bowels. It felt incredible. He thrust back into my anal sheath. That was an amazing sensation. I loved it so much. This was just spectacular. I felt so amazing.

He thrust into me with such force. He ass-fucked me as I lapped up more of his cum from my daughter's deflowered cunt. My tongue licked at her tight twat. She took her first dick in her pussy and now in her ass. Such a good girl.

Less cum was leaking out of her cunt, so I thrust my tongue into her. She gasped as I wiggled around in her spicy depths searching for jizz. I found it, scooping out the spunk as the man pumped away at my asshole.

Other women moaned like I did. Whores. Free-use sluts. It was amazing.

Carolyn. Amber. My husband watched us both. That made this even more exciting. I was cuckolding him. Our daughter was being a whore before him. No husband or father should ever witness this let alone get so turned on by it. Damn.

I purred in delight, loving that he was enjoying the sight of me eating our daughter's sloppy cunt while taking a big dick in my asshole. I clamped my bowels down on the father as he fucked me, his heavy nuts slapping into my taint.

He pounded me hard and fast. He buried into me over and over again. I loved it. I shuddered, wiggling my hips as he plowed into me with such force. He thrust over and over into my bowels. He churned me up as I loved this passion.

Mommy! Mommy! gasped my little girl. I love your tongue licking my pussy. Does that make me bi!

It might make us both bi, sweetie, I moaned. Because you taste so good!

The man chuckled as he hammered my asshole. My tongue plunged back into my daughter's cunt. I swirled around in her, finding every drop of cum I could. That salty treat was fading, but not the delicious flavor of her cunt.

I loved how good she tasted. I loved the feel of her folds on my lips. I caressed her as that big dick fucked into my bowels over and over again. He pounded me with force. He buried so deep and hard into my asshole.

My orgasm swelled in my pussy. That need to cum again built and built with his every plunge into my asshole. I groaned, loving it. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to bursting on him. I wanted that so much.

I wiggled my hips, enjoying that hard dick fucking my bowels. He pounded me with all that he had. He buried into me with such force. I shuddered, my boobs jiggling in my bra. My butt-cheeks rippled while cum dripped down my thighs.

Cum and cunt cream.

Mommy! whimpered my little girl

Mmm, just cum, sweetie, I purred as I flicked my tongue to her clit. It's okay to cum while Mommy licks your clit!

She bucked as I did that. She whimpered as I suckled on her. She tossed her head, her pigtails dancing. What a sexy sight to witness. I loved it as I nibbled on her clit. I loved how she gasped and moaned. She would have a huge climax.

Just such a powerful one. I suckled hard on her. I wanted to drown in her cunt cream. I flicked my tongue through her folds. I stroked her bud. She whimpered on me, grinding her snatch against my lips. She tasted so good.

Oh, that's it, she whimpered. That's so good. Mommy!

Cum! the stud growled. Let me feel that hot ass going wild on my dick!

Yes, yes, be a slut, sweetie, and cum, I moaned, sucking on her clit while my asshole clamped down on that amazing cock pistoning away at my asshole.

My daughter squealed. She bucked as her spicy juices gushed out and bathed my mouth. she flooded me with all her pussy juices. I groaned as they flooded my mouth. They soaked me with all her passion. I licked and lapped at her with such hunger.

She groaned in delight as she trembled through her orgasm. She drowned me in her pussy cream. All her passion spilled out of her. I licked through her folds. I gathered up all her passion, savoring that taste. 

She was so delicious.

So fantastic. 

The man's cock buried into my asshole as I drowned in my daughter's pussy juices. My orgasm exploded through me. I came like such a slut. The ecstasy slammed through me, a mighty tsunami of euphoria that washed across my mind.

Yes! I howled. I love being used!

My anal sheath writhed around that big dick. The son grunted, dumping cum into my daughter's asshole while my bowels rippled and writhed around that big dick fucking me. I wanted all that cum spurting into me. I craved it so much. 

I hungered to have all that jizz spurting into me. My asshole suckled at that huge dick as I licked up all my daughter's pussy juices. The stud hammered into my depths. He grunted as his cock erupted into my bowels.

I moaned into my daughter's yummy cunt as spurt after spurt of cum spurted into my bowels. I loved feeling all that jizz flooding my anal sheath. I groaned into her pussy, licking at her twat as the hunk filled me up with cum.

Damn, he grunted. Your wife is such a whore, isn't she?

Yes, groaned my husband. Fuck!

He darted off. I didn't care. I licked my daughter's pussy as my asshole milked out every drop of cum from the man's balls. I shuddered here, loving the spunk flooding me. He filled me to the brim with all that jizz.

It was such a wonderful experience.

I groaned as he erupted into me again and again. He filled me up with all his jizz. I shuddered, my daughter whimpering. Rapture swept out of my pussy, a few more waves of delight as I rubbed my face into my little girl's pussy.

I wanted to be used some more. I wanted to be fucked like all those other whores in here. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mr. Bright can't believe how hard he got from watching his wife and daughter getting used. He needs release. Luckily, Mrs. Waters the librarian is a frequent rider on the train and beckons to him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Edward Bright

The man was dumping his cum into my wife's asshole while she squealed like such a whore into our daughter's cunt. My dick was so hard. Motion attracted my attention. A woman with brown hair framing her gorgeous face crooked her finger to me.

She had glasses on her nose, giving her a sexy librarian vibe. She wore thigh-high stockings that already absorbed one load of cum trickling out of her shaved cunt. She grabbed the pole and thrust out her ass at me. Her skirt was hiked. 

Yes, I groaned. Fuck!

I rushed over to her, unzipping. Let my wife be a free-use whore. I had to get my dick wet. I pulled my cock out of my pants and aimed it at her cunt. More jizz spilled out of her well-fucked depths. She was so sexy.

I buried to the hilt in her.

Oh, yes, she moaned. Oh, I love being used!

Yeah, you're just a slut like my wife! I groaned, gripping her hips. I hadn't fucked another woman since Carolyn, and it had only been two before her.

This whore's pussy felt amazing around my cock. I loved that sloppy snatch squeezing down on me as I bottomed out in her. My pants slipped down my hips as my nuts slapped into her clit. She moaned in delight, her head tossing.

Use me like that man is using your wife, purred the librarian.

God, yes, I groaned, sliding my hands around her body and finding her breasts. She wore such a thin top. It was stretchy, too. I yanked down on it. Her boobs spilled out into my hands. I gripped them as I drew back my dick. I'm going to use you like that whore I married!

The librarian-slut moaned in delight as I plunged back into her cunt. I loved that hot pussy around my dick. It was amazing. I savored it as I pumped away at her. I fucked her snatch with all that I had. She squeezed down on me.

She held me tight with that amazing pussy. I groaned at how wonderful it was to be in her. I fucked over and over into her snatch. I hammered her hard and fast. She moaned, wiggling her hips from side to side as I buried into her again and again.

Oh, yes, yes, she moaned. Oh, that's so good! Ooh, use my cunt!

I am! I groaned, other womenother slutsmoaning around us.

The pressure in my nuts swelled and swelled with every plunge into her juicy snatch. She brought me closer and closer to cumming. I groaned, slamming to the hilt in her snatch. I shuddered, wanting to just erupt in her.

She moaned as she wiggled her hips from side to side. She stirred me up. It was amazing feeling her cunt massaging my dick. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming. I couldn't take much more of that hot pussy around my cock.

I would have such a huge cum in her. I would just flood her with everything that I had. I wanted to fill her up. I wanted to fuck all the whores on board. I hammered her hard and fast, the pressure growing and growing at the tip of my dick.

My hands squeezed her tits. I kneaded them as I hurtled closer and closer to cumming in her. I shuddered, wanting to just spurt all my cunt on her twat. She whimpered, her moans echoing through the train. So many sluts were gasping and moaning with her.

That's it, she moaned. Oh, that's so good. I'm going to cum on your dick!

My fingers found her nipples. I pinched them. Twisted them. Because you're a big whore!

That's right! she moaned, her pussy gripping me. Oh, yes, yes, just like your wife! Ooh, that's it. I love being fucked by strange men. I love it!

Her pussy went wild around my cock.

She spasmed around me. I groaned as her hot pussy rippled around my cock. She spasmed about me. It was amazing feeling her pussy writhing around me. I groaned as she suckled at my nuts. I buried to the hilt in her.

Erupted.

I dumped my cum into her pussy. I filled her with spurt after spurt of my jizz. The pleasure slammed through my mind. I groaned with each eruption of cum. Each spurt of jizz into her hot twat had me shuddering.

Oh, my god, that's so good! I groaned as I pumped her full of cum.

Oh, yes, yes, flood my whore-pussy! she moaned. Fill me up like those men are doing to your wife!

The ecstasy slammed through me. I groaned with each spurt of cum into her pussy. She milked me dry. I twisted her nipples as her cunt milked my dick dry. My nuts emptied themselves into her snatch. I panted, savoring that delight.

I ripped out of her. I had to find another slut to fuck. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Carolyn Bright

Mommy! gasped my little girl. She was pulled from my mouth. I blinked as she was bent over by two new men. One grabbed her pigtails and rammed his cock into her mouth. The other fucked her from behind. 

She squealed like a whore.

I shuddered, the hunk fucking my asshole sliding out of me. I swallowed and noticed my husband was fucking another woman. I was so shocked that he would cheat on me, but... This was the free-use car. That was only fair.

I stood only immediately to have a Black guy before me. He cupped my face and kissed my lips, tasting my daughter's pussy on it. I groaned as his cock pressed between my legs. I was so ready to be fucked again.

Damn, let's fuck this slut hard, growled another guy who pushed his cock into my sloppy asshole.

I quivered in delight. I was about to be double-penetrated. I couldn't believe it, but I was so happy. I kissed the Black stud as his friend rammed his cock into my asshole. He popped into my bowels with ease. I shuddered at the feel of him in me. 

Then the Black stud rammed into my pussy. I had them both in my body I was pinned beneath them, kissing the hunk so hard. I loved the feel of his lips on mine as my holes clenched down on their big dicks. I was stuffed so full of cock. Just a slut-wife being used.

I broke the kiss with the stud and moaned as they both drew back their cocks. Yes, yes, use my holes.

Such a wicked wife, groaned the man slamming into my asshole.

Uh-huh, I whimpered. I didn't know if he was Black like the guy fucking my pussy. It was hotter not knowing.

Shit, groaned the stud fucking my cunt. You got such a tight pussy.

You're so much bigger than my husband, I moaned.

He grinned and thrust away at my cunt.

It was glorious being pinned between the two. Their cocks thrust in and out of me. My husband was still fucking that librarian-slut, just pounding her hard while squeezing her big tits. I shuddered, reveling in being taken by two men.

By two hung studs.

I enjoyed those big dicks hammering me hard and fast. They buried into me again and again, driving me wild. I hurtled closer and closer to that amazing climax. I loved it so much. I wiggled my hips from side to side, hurtling closer and closer to erupting.

Closer to bursting on those huge cocks.

The silky friction in my pussy mixed with the velvety heat in my bowels. It was an incredible combination. I shuddered, rising toward that bursting point. I loved all this pleasure swelling me toward my bursting point.

Shit, shit, shit! the man fucking my asshole grunted.

I glanced over at my daughter. She was squealing around the dick in her mouth. Then she started gulping, swallowing her first load of cum like a good free-use slut. I was so proud of her. The other guy slammed into her cunt.

Fuck! he grunted as he dumped his cum into her.

I grinned in delight, my eyes rolling back in my head.

Fuck me! I moaned. Fuck me so hard! Make me cum!

The men were fucking me hard to do that. They grunted as they slammed their cocks in and out of my pussy and asshole. It was so hot having them both pumping in and out of me at different speeds. I trembled between their bodies.

Two strong men used me.

I was in heaven. Just a slut-wife craving their cum.

My husband groaned as he dumped his cum into the gasping librarian-whore. He ripped his cock out of her and found a schoolgirl. He fucked into her asshole. I shuddered, my bowels squeezing down on that hard cock.

Make me cum like a whore! I moaned. Like that slut who milked my husband's dick dry. Fuck me!

Yes, yes, yes, the guy hammering my asshole grunted.

Shit! the stud fucking my pussy groaned as I hurtled closer and closer. He churned up my cuckolding cunt. 

The two men buried into me. I gasped as the heat from their dicks swirled through my nethers. My entire body bucked as my orgasm exploded through me. I squealed in delight, my cunt and asshole writhing around their huge cocks.

Yes, yes, yes, cum in me! I howled, drunk on ecstasy.

Fucking whore! growled the man fucking my writhing asshole.

Love them White wives! the Black stud hammering my cunt groaned. Your pussy is going wild around my dick. Do you cum this hard for your hubby?

God no! I howled. Now cum in me! 

He laughed and buried into my snatch. He erupted. His cum spurted into my pussy as the other cock buried into my bowels. A heartbeat later, I had jizz spurting into both my convulsing holes. I loved it. 

I'm being flooded by two men! I gasped, hoping this train ride to Seattle would take forever.

The men grunted as they dumped their loads into my cunt. They filled me up with their jizz. It was so hot having them do that. I loved all their cum spurting into me. They filled me up over and over with their hot jizz.

I shuddered, bucking between them as the rapture soaked through my mind. My body quivered, so alive. It was so wonderful having strangers dump their load into me. I enjoyed every last second of all that cum spurting onto me.

Oh, yes, I whimpered as I milked them dry.

The men groaned as they spurted the last of their jizz in me.

They panted and pulled out of me. I grabbed the handle, cum pouring out of my pussy and spilling out of my assholes. I had so much jizz in my pussy. I could be pregnant. My husband had a vasectomy. Any one of those men who fucked my pussy could knock me up

And another man was moving in behind me.

Your husband here? he asked. Does he know how much of a whore you are?

No, I lied. He doesn't know that I'm a naughty slut wanting to be gangbanged behind his back!

The man laughed and thrust into my pussy. I moaned in delight, spotting my daughter pinned to the wall now being fucked by the Black man who had just enjoyed my pussy. My daughter squealed in delight. 

She could be pregnant, too. How wonderful. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In a few weeks, the Bright women find out they're pregnant, Mrs. Bright by my brother and Amber Bright by my daddy. The pair of them are so eager to ride on the Free-Use Car again. So is Mr. Bright. He is ready to fuck all the whores he can while watching his wife and daughter being used.

Maybe this time, he'll work up the courage to fuck his daughter.

Either way, the family is eager for the Spring Pregnant Free-Use Train. On that day, only expectant mothers are allowed in. And, of course, all the men who want to fuck their bred pussies and enjoy their swollen bellies. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kristen masturbates so hard to that story when she finishes. 

Shame there's no train like that, she pants after she cums. She's glad that she has such a filthy imagination. 

She's heard that the cheerleaders are trying to get new uniforms. There will be a school board meeting. Maybe she should write a story about that. It has possibilities. 

To be continued...
