Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Doppelganger
Part: Chapter 15 of 31
Summary: Justin was born with a little extra - a set of
         female sex organs - but that was just the
         beginning.
Keywords: MF, mf, ff, oral, f-solo, m-solo, voy, exhib,
          rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2005

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated :
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

INTRODUCTION

Justin Rogers was born with something special - a 
complete functional set of female sex organs.  Eventually 
he found they didn't really belong to him but to his twin 
sister Tina who spent much of her early life sharing his 
body.

Since she is able to emerge from and rejoin him, they 
share their memories, their experiences, and their sexual 
desires.

*********************************************************

In Chapter 14

Leslie has accidentally outed Tyler and herself as being 
a lesbian couple and, rather than letting the 
antagonistic Ainslie spread the news, they have gotten in 
first but all was not smooth at school.

*********************************************************

They got together after school at Leslie's.  Justin made 
a phone call and shortly after excused himself.  Only 
away from the room for a few minutes, he returned with 
Tina who was dressed in shorts and an old sweater.

"Very stylish love", Leslie laughed and gave her a kiss.

"It was all I could lay my hands on.  I came in a hurry."  
Tina moved on to greet Tyler and then Katie before 
publicly greeting Justin.  Any opportunity for another 
snog.

"A hurry is right - your mother must have had the car 
running before you hung up!"  Leslie hadn't actually 
heard a car pull up but it must have, mustn't it?

They sat down for a council of war; it became a 
brainstorming session where they threw wild ideas into 
the ring, letting others modify them so they became both 
more and sometimes less wild, and even possibly 
practical.

"Kill her" had "slowly" appended, then was modified with 
"Hire a hit man to ..." before disappearing into the 
"wouldn't it be nice but it's totally impractical" 
basket.

Plans to kidnap her were also abandoned when they 
suspected people might pay them to keep her, or even 
worse, simply refuse to take her back.  They figured they 
didn't need the money THAT much.

"Blackmail" showed more promise except they didn't have 
any clue what she could possibly be blackmailed over.

"Compromising her" might prove tricky.  Putting her in 
the same boat, labelled a lesbian, might be hard and 
might also be counter-productive; they would rather 
people were more tolerant rather than giving them someone 
else to hate.

"Could we give her a reputation as a slut?" asked Katie.

"Unfortunately even I would have difficulty there", 
answered Leslie.  "She talks to the boys at school and 
when she's at dances but doesn't seem to date anyone.  
Have you heard anything Justin?"

"No.  There are a couple of girls with reps but not her."

"Oh?  Who?"

Tyler nudged her girlfriend, "Keep your mind on ending 
the gossip about us, not on spreading more."

"We really don't know much about her interests, nor about 
what she is planning for you two.  We could use some bugs 
around her house."

"I know what that's like.  My brother, 'Little Einstein' 
that he is, made one a few months back.  You could pick 
it up on FM radio.  He's got a whole book with all the 
layouts to make different ones."

"How big was it Katie?"  Justin wondered if it was 
possible that they could make another foray into the 
enemy's lair.

"It fitted in a match box but that was only because it 
was a convenient container; and he had a battery 
attached.  I've seen one of the later ones he was working 
on and it used little watch batteries.  He was trying to 
fit it in a fat marker pen."

"That's better than our transceivers.  Does it cost him 
much to make them?"

"No he does it with his allowance."

"Can you ask him if he can make us some.  If he can set 
them to different channels we might be in the market for 
half a dozen."

"Okay but how will you get them into place?"

"Trust your favourite magicians there.  I've still got a 
couple of tricks up my sleeve."

"So if it works we check out some of the others working 
with her.  Cool."

"You'd better find out the range before he starts making 
them.  We might have to use the transceivers instead; 
they reach a couple of kilometres but if they're on all 
the time they will go flat rather quickly."

Tina thought of the size - mouthpiece and earpiece were 
mounted at each end of an adjustable head seat - it 
wouldn't be comfortable for her to get it inside the 
house without some drastic redesign.

"A couple of kilometres would cover any of our houses but 
if Katie's brother can get a signal at least this far we 
should be able to set something up."

They decided that they had found a plan which would give 
them an edge and possibly the material they needed to 
abate the nuisance known as 'Ainslie'.

-----

Katie said goodbye to Justin and Tina and went inside.  
Her parents weren't home but her brother was - sitting 
with a bowl of cereal in front of the TV.

"David I want to talk to you about the bug you built."

"I didn't mean any harm.  I wasn't going to tell anyone, 
honest!"

"What are you on about?  What have you been listening 
to?"

David realised he had made a bad mistake assuming he had 
been caught out.  He realised it far sooner than his big 
sister took to think through the possibilities of just 
what he had overheard.

Murphy's Law meant he would have managed to get the most 
damaging information possible.

"You've got the basement bugged haven't you."

Once again his face gave him away and he didn't need to 
answer.

"How long?"

"Last month."

That could be anything from three to - allowing that he 
would minimise the extent of his crime - probably ten 
weeks.

At best he would have caught them only once but that 
would have been worth his while.  More likely three times 
- they had spent a good deal of their time before that 
meeting elsewhere.

"The little creep!  So what's he going to do now I know?"

"Heard plenty I suppose?"

Now he grinned.  He began to figure his might be the 
lesser crime in his parents' eyes and might even get 
forgotten along the way.

"Do you really fool around with girls?  God that Justin 
guy must have fun watching that.  I wish I was him."

"Well you can just keep quiet about it all.  Okay?"

"I already said I wasn't going to tell anyone.  If you 
can't trust your darling little brother, who can you 
trust?"

He put on an angelic face that had Katie laughing.

"'Darling' I don't think and hardly little; you're 
thirteen months younger than me and you're already my 
height.  Unless you're describing something else?"

She glanced meaningfully down just to humiliate him.  He 
did blush a little; perhaps she had scored.

She needed to get his mind off of any thoughts of using 
the information.

"I need your help.  Do you have any bugs that would work 
at least 500 or 600 metres?  They would have to be fairly 
thin ..."  She held up her fingers to show the 
approximate size, "... and maybe so long."

David looked at his sister in surprise.  "I'd have to 
check the range but I think so.  Why that size?"

"To conceal them properly I think.  Can you check please?  
Now?"

"Okay."

He went to his room; Katie followed.  She rarely entered 
the messy environment and hoped he didn't enter her more 
pristine room.  "Oh shit!" she thought, "what's he put in 
there?"

Fortunately she hadn't needed to jill herself for quite a 
while; her needs were being more than adequately met in 
that area.

"Are they hard to make?"  Her unusual interest in his 
hobby distracted him while he was rummaging through a 
stack of magazines, some of which she was sure their 
parents didn't know about.

She picked up one and noted his aborted objection.  She 
leafed through it, turning the pages when an occasional 
photo needed interpreting from different angles to work 
out the bits and pieces.

David was amused at her interest.  "You can borrow it if 
you like."

He expected her to throw it back on his bed but she 
simply closed it and said "Thanks".

"Here it is."  He looked through a soft covered book.  
"Narrow circuit board.  I can wrap the antenna around the 
outside.  I'll need to play around a bit here to get the 
frequency right.  It should be good for that distance 
thought the frequency will wander if it's moving.  Are 
you planning on leaving it somewhere or putting it on 
something being carried?"

"Leaving it."

"That will be alright then."

He looked at the specs.  "Drawing that much current you 
could expect about a weeks use - maybe up to nine or ten 
days but the signal will be weak at the end."

"How long would it take to build maybe six?"

Once again David referred to the parts list.  He had most 
of the components.  "I'll have to get some chips.  
There's still time tonight if it's urgent then half an 
hour each in a batch plus ten minutes testing each."

"Could you start tonight?"

"I could..."

"And what would it cost."

"Materials - probably around $50 all up.  Time - What do 
you think it's worth?  Why do you need them?  It seems 
pretty urgent."

"Someone's trying to hurt my friends; I want to stop her.  
If I can find out what she's planning or get some dirt on 
her I might be able to do just that."

"Which friends is she after?"

"Tyler and Leslie."

His eyes glazed over a little at the memory of what he 
had heard or rather at the scenes he had imagined while 
he was listening to the groans, moans and strange noises 
coming from the basement.

He liked the girls.  Tyler had been coming around for 
ages and had always been friendly towards him; he didn't 
know Leslie as well but he was grateful to her for the 
images he had of her tucking into Tyler's gorgeous tits.

"So who's on at them for being lesbians?  Hey!  Don't 
look at me like that.  I could have spoken out about what 
I've heard them, and you, get up to but I didn't.  I 
wanted to test the bug at first then I wanted to hear 
more; you are pretty interesting you know.  But I didn't 
plan to tell anyone.  I didn't want to hurt any of you 
and anyway", he grinned again, "if I did you'd only stop 
using the basement and where would I be then?"

Katie picked up the magazine.  "Wanking to these instead 
of my friends."

David shrugged as if to say "guilty as charged".

"So who IS your target?"

"Ainslie Weston."

"Tall, fairly skinny but nice tits?"

"Considering that could be a good quarter of the girls at 
school depending on how you define 'nice', Yes she fits 
that description."

"Hangs around with Simone?"

"Used to.  Simone's pissed off with what she's up to but 
isn't really siding with Leslie and Tyler."

"Okay.  I'll do it - for the cost of the materials, but I 
wanna watch."

Katie looked at his wrist where he had a perfectly good 
time piece.

"No dopey!  I want TO watch; you with the girls, or just 
the girls together.  You can arrange something can't you 
since it's in a good cause?"

"You're joking!"

"Why should I joke.  I don't want to get physically 
involved - well I do but I'm not going to push my luck.  
One time only; I remove the bugs ("So there were more"); 
and I deny all knowledge of anything I may have heard in 
the past.  If it's a really good show I'll even owe you 
one.  What more can I say?  Better make up your mind - 
the shops are going to close soon."

"What if they don't agree?  I can't make them."

"Sis, I actually trust you.  If you say you'll try your 
best I'll accept that.  All I ask then is you put on your 
own show for me instead but that's the second prize.  
You've got to promise to try to get the others involved 
first."

It was embarrassing either way but they did need to stop 
Ainslie and he wasn't asking for all he could.

"Okay but get going.  Would you be able to make me a 
couple before dinner?"

"Should be able to.  You got twenty?  You can owe me the 
rest but its easier if I buy everything now and I only 
have about thirty."

"Damn.  Listen make two now and we'll organise the rest 
later.  We probably need to test them out before making 
more.  Besides, I'm skint until Friday."

Her brother shook his head and headed off to the stores 
while she went to the phone.

-----

Justin and Tina picked up Katie on the way to Leslie's 
house and heard what she had agreed to.

Tina laughed, "The little perv.  What is he?  Fourteen?"

"He's just turned fifteen but he does look a little 
older."

"I suppose we can accommodate him but it really is up to 
you girls.  You put up with me watching; is it much 
different if he does?"

"You're usually resting between performances and we all 
love you.  *HE* will probably just head off to the 
bathroom and jerk off halfway through?"

"And you like that idea?"

Katie was surprised.  She hadn't thought of her younger 
brother as a sexual animal but rather as one of those 
"nasty little boys" who was always playing with himself 
and trying to see her in some state of undress.

Thinking of him getting so hot watching them all together 
that he couldn't put off coming amused her and made her 
hot at the same time.

"I suppose it is a bit of a compliment really.  Maybe if 
he wants a show we'll have to put one on as well.  Make 
it a condition we ALL have to be naked and he's not 
allowed to leave until WE say we're finished."

Katie nodded with Justin's suggestion.

He continued.  "If he's not so embarrassed that he can't 
get it up I bet he'll get so worked up he can't stop 
himself coming."

"That WOULD fulfil the word of the agreement and add some 
extra spirit as well."

"So we put it to the others then.  If they don't want to 
we can always organise something with just us three."

-----

Leslie let them in and they went to her room.  "Tyler 
will be here shortly."

Katie laid the items out on Leslie's bed.

Her brother had used the plastic vials that had contained 
the innocuous chemicals from a disused chemistry set.  
Rounded on the end they were slightly flexible and 
resembled aluminium cigar tubes.

He had fed a thin wire through a hole drilled in the 
bottom and sealed a rubber bung in the end then he 
wrapped the wire around to keep it out the way.

Katie straightened it out and asked Leslie to turn her 
radio on.  Leslie moved the dial through the FM stations 
to one end of the scale and under Katie's instruction 
began to slowly traverse the frequencies.  There were a 
few false starts but eventually the noise they heard was 
the feedback squeal from the unit.

"How about we put it somewhere where we can hear it and 
go for a little walk with the radio over Ainslie's way to 
check out the reception?"

It seemed a good idea and Katie slipped it out the way on 
a cluttered shelf in the lounge while Leslie spoke to her 
parents.  They went outside and turned the volume up.

"... aren't they.  I'm glad they get on so well together, 
she needs some good friends who are prepared to stand by 
her at times like this."

They blushed as Leslie looked at them.  They were "happy 
to stand by her" and were "good friends" but it was a 
different matter to be praised for doing so.

They saw Tyler approaching and went to meet her.

As they walked they listened to the sounds of the 
television with an occasional comment from Leslie's 
parents.

"Stop that.  They could be back at any minute."

"Isn't that what makes it more exciting?"

The group, except for Leslie, couldn't help giggling.  
She too saw the funny side but was torn between turning 
the radio off to protect her parents' privacy and her 
sanity - she had to face them every day after all - and 
listening more closely to find out just what they did 
together.

Prurience prevailed and she shushed the others.

"Go on then.  Get it out and come over here."

What was her mother talking about?  Was it too much to 
hope it could be something innocent?

There was the sound of a chair creaking, a muffled 
footstep and then an unmistakable zipper - a reasonably 
short one.

"Hello pet."  It was her mother again.  "Come and let me 
give you a big kiss."

The giggles started again and this time Leslie joined in.  
It was awkward for them all to crowd close while they 
walked so they paused to listen.

Had Leslie's mother approached what they all imagined had 
to be a blow job WITHOUT the weird comments, they would 
have felt somewhat ashamed of their eavesdropping but now 
it seemed more like a sexy game.

"Does she spit or swallow, I wonder?"  Tyler couldn't 
stop herself stirring her lover and received a thump.

"We could make her a CS as well", Tina added.

Justin knew when the ground was shaking and kept both 
quiet and away from any possible ricochets if Leslie let 
fly.

Surprisingly she actually grinned at Tina.  "And just how 
do you proposed we become cum sisters?  Do you plan to 
suck off my father or should Mum go down on Justin?"  She 
was just being facetious but the images were strangely 
attractive - especially if she could be safely ensconced 
with Tyler out of any suggestion of incestuous contact.

Tina looked at her brotherly cousin.  "What do you 
reckon?  Fancy Mrs Frost?  I know Mr Frost is a hunk.  Do 
you agree Tyler or would you prefer Leslie's mum?"

"I'm staying right out of it.  I'm happy to have them as 
in-laws; or should that be out-laws?"

"Shh!  What was that?"

There was a groaning and an exclamation from Leslie's 
father.  "Thank you Sugar.  Do you want a drink?"

"Yes.  And you can return the favour after the kids are 
asleep."

"My pleasure dear.  You know I like a little night cap 
before I go to sleep."

"Well I guess she rates honorary status anyway."

Leslie still had trouble seeing her parents in that 
light.  She looked at the others.  "How do you think she 
would react if I called her 'Sugar' when we get back?"

Tyler answered for them all, "I don't think we really 
want to find out."

They continued on to Ainslie's house and were more than 
satisfied with the continuing reception.  It was now just 
a matter of planting the bugs on site.

They hurried back with the radio switched off.  Leslie 
was having second thoughts about invading her parents' 
privacy now it was too late.

She didn't regret finding out about her parents' sexual 
behaviour for herself, and maybe Tyler, but wasn't sure 
it was right for the other three, close as they might be, 
to listen in.  Still if they only needed one bug tonight 
perhaps she could move the other into her parents' room.

The idea of hearing her father go down on her mother was 
getting her wet and she wished it wasn't a school night 
so Tyler and she could spend it together.  Their parents 
might give an unspoken approval to their having sex but 
it wasn't permitted to interfere with her studies.

Leslie's parents felt they were under intense scrutiny by 
the group of youngsters that trooped in together.  They 
guiltily checked for any sign of their activity.  "No!  
They couldn't tell.  Could they?"

Leslie distracted her parents while Katie retrieved the 
bug; she bent down while talking to her mother and licked 
her thumb before wiping it over her mother's chin as 
though she had something smeared there.

"All gone!"

Boy could her mother blush!

---

Checking the frequency on the other transmitter was less 
difficult than finding another spare radio.  Tyler 
watched them leave and turned to Leslie.  "I can't stay 
long."

Leslie responded by pulling her into a contour matching 
embrace.  "So don't waste time."

They kissed, and as they did two active and horny minds 
thought alike and their hands slipped under each other's 
school uniform and inside the waistbands of their not so 
uniform underwear.

Both girls found their partner wet and eager for their 
touch and it soon became a race to try to make the other 
girl submit first.  Since they were both horny the 
challenge was more interesting as neither wanted to lose 
by winning too completely.

They eased back from a gallop as they felt themselves 
heading towards a satisfactory finish over far too short 
a course and managed to sustain each other at a steady 
pace for as long as they dared.

They fell back on the bed together and pushed that little 
bit further, applying their whips for a nail biting 
photo-finish.

They lay there panting, staring into each other's eyes 
and sure the room reeked of sex.  "I love you Tyler 
Jude."

"And I'll love you always Leslie Ann."

They spent a little more time giving each other a slow 
rub down before Tyler had to go.

-----

It was dark enough when the other three reached their 
destination but Justin and Tina had a couple of problems 
they hadn't thought through.

Number 1 :  Katie was present and they hadn't wanted to 
let on about their special nature even to her quite yet.

Number 2 :  Justin and Tina hadn't thought to bring a 
back pack this time so if Tina merged he would have to 
hide or carry her clothes - neither a good option if they 
had to run for it.

And number 3 : It's bloody near impossible to shove 
something the size of their bug up inside the inside the 
human body without adequate lubrication - and the 
footpath is NOT a good place to work on the problem.

"It's no good", said Tina, "I need a really good 
fingering and I'm not going to get it here.  You'll have 
to do it Justin; at least Katie can get your motor 
running by doing little more than wrapping her tongue 
around your tonsils."

Though Katie was confused Justin seemed to understand and 
agree.

"Then we just need a place to change."

Tina handed him the bug she had been trying to insert 
under her skirt.  At least he wouldn't need to pick up 
her knickers - they were already scrunched up in his 
pocket.

She went up to Katie, the street was quiet and dark 
enough that no-one would notice them kiss.  "I've got to 
go now.  I probably won't see you again tonight.  Bye 
Katie."

Stifling her urge to ask why, Katie returned the kiss.  
"Hmm", she thought, "If I didn't have Justin I'd probably 
have joined Tyler and Leslie in the office today.  Tina 
is so nice to kiss."

Tina headed into some thick bushes and Justin led Katie 
to a small park several houses from Ainslie's.  "This 
might seem strange but I've got to get my vagina wet 
enough to slide the bug up inside.  The plan was for Tina 
to do it but that didn't work.  Will you help?"

"Of course but I don't understand why that's necessary."

"You'll just have to trust me for now.  I'd like to 
explain but right now isn't a good time and it involves 
others."

"Well it's certainly not a hardship to give you a kiss 
and a cuddle."

"Tina was right about your kisses making me hard but 
you've got to get me dripping."

"That shouldn't be too difficult, your kisses do that to 
me every time.  Perhaps you'd like me to shove the bug up 
inside me?"

"You know that's not what I'd like to put there."

"If we get this job done quickly we might have time to 
think about doing just that."

Katie nibbled at his neck while trying to rub his 
hardened cock through his pants without it being obvious 
should they be under observation.

"You can't wait until the weekend?"

"I kind of hoped you couldn't or is Tina getting all the 
mid-week action?"

"Not quite like before.  We might fool around a little 
but she understands that you and I love each other.  And 
I certainly love what you're doing right now.  Excuse me 
for a second though."

He undid the zipper and exposed his organ to the cool 
night air and Katie's hot hand.

While she manipulated the knob end in an extremely 
pleasant fashion, he reached under her and past his 
balls.

It was an unusual situation; he couldn't recall ever 
masturbating his female portion while someone else was 
pleasuring the male part and it wasn't something he was 
likely to forget.

"All those poor men who have to make do with only half 
the equipment", he thought.

Their public escapade was successful, more so than they 
realised since they had forgotten the bugs allowed 
Leslie, now sitting alone in her room, to catch the 
discussion in stereo.  She had missed Tina's departure 
and Justin's disclosure about where he wanted to place 
the bugs so she couldn't understand why they were fooling 
around instead of getting the job done.

She wondered if Tina was putting them in place but 
realised that couldn't apply or she'd be hearing Tina and 
not the others.

"Maybe they have to wait - at least they're spending 
their time profitably."

Justin's voice came over the radio.  "Loud and clear", 
she thought.

"I think I'm ready.  Katie dear, you can stop now.  No I 
mean it!   Well alright just a little more.  Mmm.  I 
thought you wanted to get this over with so we could do 
that properly.  Ungh.  No you'd better stop or you'll 
have to keep going.  Yes, keep going now.  Point it away.  
Oh!  Lovely!  I love you Katie, but you're crazy some 
times.  What if someone had been watching?"

"It's time for all the dramas - people are going to be 
stuck inside watching TV; you can see all their curtains 
are drawn.  Besides, I was standing in front of you most 
of the time."

"Not when you made me come.  It was nice to have your 
arms wrapped around me while you kept pumping and your 
tits felt nice against my back."

"Get this job over with and they'll feel nice against 
Little Justin."

Leslie might not have liked to use "Sugar" but those two 
should have known better - "Little Justin" would get 
talked about for a while.

"I think I can get them both in."

Now what was going on?

Justin had his pants down to his knees.

"Yes.  One is easy and feels quite good.  Let me take it 
out and try them together.  Stretches a bit but I can 
manage."

The signal dropped and Leslie could only hear muffled 
noises as her friends spoke.  The conversation had been 
puzzling and Leslie was frustrated that she couldn't be 
with them to find out what was happening.

Justin pulled up his pants.  "Okay.  Give me a kiss for 
luck then you'd better stand over there in case I have to 
run.  I shouldn't be long."

He went down the side of Ainslie's house and carefully 
looked through a gap under the blind into her darkened 
bedroom.  Enough light shone through the partly opened 
door to show it was thankfully empty.  Justin dreaded the 
idea of being hauled up as a peeping tom.

"Here goes", he thought.  "Hope it's you and not me.  We 
still haven't worked out how I can merge back with you if 
I appear naked - and now isn't going to be a good time to 
start trying."

He saw a wheelbarrow further down and moved it next to 
the wall.  He didn't know if a height difference would be 
a problem when Tina emerged - the last time they had 
tried this he had stood outside the door.

Climbing into it, he felt the change even before his back 
touched the wall; Tina must be eager to get this over 
with as well.  He put the barrow back and headed off to 
rejoin Katie. 

Tina had only briefly surveyed the bedroom on her 
previous foray into enemy territory.  Now she needed to 
quickly locate a spot where the bug could work but where 
it also wouldn't be found.

She squatted by Ainslie's bed to recover the tubes.  Her 
fingers slid up the walls of her vagina and seized the 
ends of one of the bugs.  It was slippery but she managed 
to regain her hold and drew it forth.  The other proved 
much easier to manage.

The shelves were too bare; the hi-fi was too close to the 
speakers and had little concealment.  Wardrobe?  Too 
muffled.  Curtain rail?  Too thin to slip it inside.

Damn!  Where could she put it?

No good putting it in her bed; it was sure to be 
discovered.  Ah!  Ideal perhaps - a pair of old shoes, so 
coated with dust it didn't appear they were ever worn.

Wiping off her juices and any potential fingerprints with 
the bedspread she slipped the tube inside and pulled the 
antenna out of the open toes so it could lie flat under a 
couple of other pairs.

"Number one in place", she whispered at the shoe.  It was 
hard not to say "Testing, testing, one, two, three."

She peeped around the door and heard the TV in the 
lounge.  As she listened to the comments it appeared the 
whole household was in there; it confirmed the darkness 
that covered most of the house.

Toilet?  Not unless they wanted grunts and groans.  
Bathroom?  Shouldn't get much useful information there.  
By the phone would be ideal but where was it?  "Kitchen!" 
she remembered.

Going out into the hallway was risky and she decided 
camouflage was necessary.  She quickly moved from bedroom 
to bathroom and wrapped a towel around her body then made 
a turban with another.

People would have to look twice to see she didn't belong 
- naked they would have still looked twice but it 
wouldn't have been from necessity.

There was a shelf of cookery books near the phone and she 
dropped the bug towards the back of them then hurried 
back to Ainslie's room after throwing the towels in the 
bathroom.  "Let someone else pick them up!"

She quietly closed the door and turned on the light.  
With the primary task accomplished she now aimed to 
collect what information she could.  If disturbed she 
could just merge back with Justin - she hoped he was 
rewarding Katie for waiting when she got there.

Remembering how her mother had found her contraceptive 
hidden in Justin's drawers she looked around - where 
would the good stuff be?  Bottom drawers were used less 
often than the top ones.

"Nothing in it; how about underneath?"  Tina carefully 
slid it out.

"Hmm?  What's this?"

There was a small packet of pills and a vibrator.  Now, 
what to do with them?

She distastefully picked up a pair of discarded knickers 
and used them to remove the contraband then she replaced 
the drawer as it had been.

Ainslie's school bag was by the wall and Tina opened it.  
She would have loved to have put them inside Ainslie's 
lunchbox but that wouldn't be possible.  Firstly, she 
wouldn't put her lunch in her bag until the morning and, 
secondly, in her attempts to stay stylishly slender 
Ainslie had forgone more than a piece of fruit at 
lunchtime and didn't bother about boxes.

Her diary would be ideal for the drugs though.  Provided 
she didn't need any notes for school she shouldn't need 
to open it until it was time to record her homework 
assignments.

Tina hoped she could see it happen; perhaps she should go 
to school with Justin tomorrow.

They had Home Economics tomorrow - cooking this week - 
and Ainslie had packed her apron.  Tina unpacked it and 
rolled it up around the hard plastic cylinder before 
putting things back.

"That should do", she thought and simply disappeared.

-----

Before he met up with Katie, Justin had bundled up Tina's 
discarded clothes in her sweater.  Katie just raised her 
eyebrows - too many weird things had happened tonight.

"All done?"

"Should be soon."

Now what did that mean?

There was no reason to hang around; indeed they were 
better off getting well away from the scene of the crime 
- if no-one noticed them they couldn't be linked to the 
bugs if they were found later.

They were almost at Katie's house when Justin knew Tina 
had joined them.  He felt a sense of disappointment - 
apparently a sudden regret he hadn't done more with Katie 
in the park - and then a sense of pride and delight.

It was the first time he had received a seepage of Tina's 
emotions in such an obvious form.  He recalled what she 
had done and could understand her pride.

"Good work!"

"What?"

"We've had a more successful evening than I had hoped.  
There's one bug under her bed and another near the phone 
in the kitchen; plus there's a couple of surprises for 
her at school tomorrow if we're lucky.  It looks like 
Miss A likes a little ecstasy and not the sort you give 
me."

"You had to wait until now to tell me?  Something funny 
has been going on all evening and I'd like an 
explanation."

"I have to agree that you most definitely deserve one.  
You've had to trust me and I should show you that I do 
trust you.  We really need to be somewhere better than 
the street because I have to show you some things as 
well.  I'd feel better if we knew your brother couldn't 
overhear us though."

"I plan on putting some music on in my room and in the 
basement and then scanning for a signal.  Now he's shown 
us how to tune in we should be able to tune him out."

"Unless he knows some other tricks.  I know I could run 
some wires through the ceiling with a microphone on the 
end or base one next to a window - not quite so high tech 
and easier to track back but your test wouldn't pick it 
up."

"Damn.  What are we going to do in future then.  We'll 
never know what he's listening in on."

"Other than to do spot checks on him once he's shown us 
the bugs are gone or perhaps feeding him some shonky 
story and seeing if he reveals he knows it."

"So when am I going to find out what you're planning to 
tell me?"

"I'll show you when we get to your place but it does have 
to stay secret for now; not even Tyler and Leslie - 
okay?"

"Okay if you say so.  Since you didn't mention Tina I 
presume she's aware of your little secret?"

"Let's just say I'll leave it up to you to decide if it's 
safe to share it with her.  I trust your judgement - 
after all you chose me."

Katie opened the back door.  "I'm home."

"Hello dear.  Hello Justin.  You're later than I 
expected; don't forget it's a school night."

"I won't be staying long.  I just wanted to have a word 
with David actually."

"He's in his room."

"As they moved down the corridor Justin turned to Katie.  
"Can I just drop these in your room for now?"

"Are they part of the secret?"

Justin smiled and gave her a kiss.  "Be patient."

She took the clothes from him and he reached into his 
pocket and brought out Tina's knickers and added them to 
the top of the bundle.  That caused further raised 
eyebrows.

"This had better be good!"

Justin knocked on David's door while Katie put the 
clothes on her bed and then went to phone Leslie to check 
how well she was receiving the signals.

"They're coming through clearly; it's funny, when you sit 
between the radio's you can actually hear someone go past 
one and then hear them approach the other.

"What took you so long anyway?  Didn't Little Justin want 
to come out and play?  It certainly sounded like he came 
at least."

Katie tried to think of what they had actually said and 
done.  She laughed.  "You're not jealous you haven't got 
one are you?"

"No.  With my Little Leslie I can get as many Little 
Justin's I want; though one Little Tyler is all that I do 
want."

"Well I'll stick to the LJ I've got too.  Have a good 
night's listening."

"That's the trouble, I have to listen to everything.  
It's boring most of the time - and it's only been half an 
hour, then you worry if you missed something because you 
aren't paying attention when someone starts to talk."

"I'll see if we can do about that.  You don't HAVE to 
keep listening.  It's only so we can get some dirt or 
stop her plans.  ANYTHING we get is better than nothing 
but it's stupid to plan your life around eavesdropping.  
Get some sleep!"

"Okay.  Goodnight."

"Bye."

---

David invited Justin into his room.  "Thanks for the 
bugs.  They seem to be just what we needed.  Do you make 
many things?"

David and he discussed a few projects that he had worked 
on and some he wanted to do.

"The bugs are easy.  They actually sell them in kits but 
they have to call them 'FM Microphones' or something 
similar."

"Is there anyway of finding where they are?  What would 
give them away?"

"Mainly tuning a radio past the right frequency - you get 
feedback if you're close or you hear someone talking that 
you recognise - that's how we find the exact frequency to 
listen in at.  If you had a directional antenna and knew 
the frequency you could locate it - have you seen them 
tracking animals on the Discovery Channel?"

"And how do we know how many you've hidden around the 
house?"

The reason for Justin's interest became more obvious and 
personal.

"There's only two.  One in the basement and ... well 
that's the only one Katie has to worry about."

"Listening in on Mum and Dad are you?"

David had the good grace to blush.

"I won't say anything - provided we get our privacy back.  
You wanted something from us; if you can be trusted to 
keep us bug-free I think that it might be possible to 
arrange something sooner than you thought.  Deal?"

David was eager.  "Deal!"

Katie arrived to hear the end of the conversation.  "What 
is Justin arranging?  He isn't planning on letting David 
watch THEM is he?  At the very least he could ask her!"

"Hello love.  David was telling me about some of the 
things he has built."

"Well he'd better recover them if he knows what's good 
for him."

"He said he would."

"I will Sis.  Don't worry."

"Do you know of anything we could use to be able to only 
record the bugs when there is something to listen to?"

"You can get recorders that would do that.  They only 
work when the sound is loud enough.  I might be able to 
rig something up.  I'll check if I can find a circuit."

"Thanks."

She looked at Justin as if to say, "Why are we wasting 
time here when we could be alone?"

He took the hint but stuck his head back through the door 
before he closed it.  "Trust me on this.  Go and have a 
shower now."

David blinked and watched the door close.  He was 
initially suspicious that they were going to get back at 
him but then thought it unlikely.  "After all they want 
me to build more things; don't they?"

He was coming to appreciate the further benefits of an 
interest in electronics.

Katie pulled Justin quickly into her room, pushed the 
door shut, threw her arms around his neck and thrust her 
tongue down his throat in one smooth movement worthy of a 
choreographer with the Bolshoi.

When they surfaced for air she asked, "Are we safe here?"

"If you're going to attack me like that I don't think I'm 
safe with you anywhere.  Want to attack me again?"

"I mean, do we have any eavesdroppers?"

"No.  I think we're safe.  I suggested David go and take 
a shower."

"Why?  Oh!  So he can't hear us if he has bugs here."

"That as well."

"As well as what?  Are you going to stop being so 
mysterious?"

"Why, when you look so beautiful when you get annoyed?  
Still ..."  He fended her off.  "... you look beautiful 
the rest of the time too."

She was about to speak again when he put his finger over 
her lips.

"Okay.  Serious now.  Where do you think Tina went when 
she left us?"

"Home, I suppose."

"What's on your bed?"

Katie looked though she knew very well.  "The clothes she 
was wearing?"

"And did she have anything with her?"

"No."

"So she wore what home?"

"Maybe she's sitting naked in the bushes by Ainslie's 
house.  I don't know - you're supposed to be making this 
easier to understand."

"What would you say if I said she was in your room right 
now?"

"She's hiding pretty well then, or is invisible."

"Not invisible, just hiding.  You want to check the 
corridor is empty?"

Katie went to the door; when she turned back Tina was 
standing there naked.

"How?  This has got to stop.  You two are getting scary."

"That's why we haven't said anything before.  It takes a 
little getting used to.  Hell, it takes a lot of getting 
used to.  Do you want to see Tina hide and appear while 
you're watching?"

"I'd better."

Justin took Katie's hand.  "Now she's here ... and now 
she's not."

He didn't even have to look.  "And now she's back.

"Where did you go?"  Katie looked from one to the other.  
They were treating it so casually that she couldn't be 
scared.  Besides, horror movies had covered so many weird 
storylines that it took a lot to really freak out a 
modern teenager - like someone wearing the same shade of 
lip gloss; and that was only the boys.

"I'm not exactly hiding.  Justin and I merge together.  
Unfortunately my clothes get left behind."

"You've heard men talk of getting in touch with their 
soft feminine sides - well you get to cuddle mine!  
Tina's not my cousin; she's really my very special twin 
sister and we've spent most of our lives together in the 
one body.  That's the real reason I have a vagina; it's 
Tina's."

"You couldn't have told me before?"  Katie was a little 
upset the person she loved could have kept this big a 
secret from her.

"Until now the only people who knew were my doctor and my 
mother - and I needed my doctor to calm my mother down.  
My father even refuses to acknowledge I have a vagina; 
imagine trying to tell him I'm 'us'!  I'm sorry I haven't 
told you before.  It's not that I didn't trust you or 
want to.  It's..."

Justin couldn't really justify his actions.

"It's hard at times.  I don't exist anywhere legally.  We 
don't know what the authorities would do if they found 
out about me or us rather.  We have to keep it secret and 
every new person who knows is one more person who could 
accidentally let something slip.  I've almost done it 
myself by calling Justin my brother.  I got Mum to 
convince Dad I would be more comfortable calling them 
that rather than Uncle and Aunt so I didn't slip up 
there.  We're sorry.  And we *DO* really, really love 
you."

Katie wasn't cross, and the explanation did ease her hurt 
- a little.

"Show me again."  Katie took hold of Tina's hand; and was 
suddenly left holding nothing.

Justin looked at her.  "Are you all right?"

"It does take some getting used to but I think so."

"I'd better go; your mother is going to be in here soon 
to kick me out anyway.  Sorry I didn't get to return the 
favour in the park - Tina thinks I should have then and 
there but she's got an exhibitionistic streak.  Would you 
like her to spend the night in my place?"

"Well at least then I know she won't be fucking you.  Yes 
lover, I think I'd like to have my own big teddy bear to 
cuddle."

"She's not that hairy unless you plan to cuddle her 
pussy."

Tina appeared again.  "You just let her cuddle whatever 
she wants!"

"You could hear us?"

"We share Justin's ears, eyes, everything when we're 
together.  And don't worry about me fucking him; I know 
he thinks of you when he's doing it."  It was a harmless 
half-truth, one she thought would help ease Katie's 
acceptance of her unusual role in Justin's life.  He 
might not actually think of Katie when he was with Tina 
but it seemed like his mind kept coming back to her 
during every other waking moment and he did compare their 
love-making.  Tina understood why he preferred to be with 
Katie while being quite happy herself to "use" Justin and 
be used by him for their mutual pleasure.  He did love 
her as well as Katie, just as she loved her brother.

"I'd better go.  See you tomorrow love."  He kissed 
Katie.  "And you - whenever you decide to come home."  He 
gave his sister an equivalent kiss.  "Have fun you two."

"I'll be back in a little while."  Tina gave Katie a 
quick hug and disappeared.

"Why did she go?"

"She agreed with me that it might pay to give David a 
little incentive as well as a reward for services 
rendered.  She won't be far away."

He paused as they walked down the corridor and rested 
against the locked bathroom door.  The sound of flowing 
water could be heard from inside.

"Okay.  I'll be off then."

Katie saw him out and returned to her room to get ready 
for bed once David had finished in the bathroom.

-----

There was a small draught as the shower curtain was 
pulled aside and David whirled around, his hand still 
clenching his soapsuds-coated erection.

"What?"

His horror at being disturbed in that most private of 
moments for a young lad disappeared as he looked at the 
naked vision before him, then returned a hundred-fold as 
he looked at her face and saw she was looking down at his 
clenched fist.  "Oh Shit!"  This was NOT how he had ever 
imagined any of his fantasies turning out.

Tina simply said, "Move over", and stepped under the 
water.  She stood behind him and the touch of her breasts 
against his back soon restored vigour to his wilting 
stem.

He started to turn to face her but she put her arms 
around him instead.  "Here, let me wash that for you."

He had released his penis on realising his discovery and 
now felt the girl wrap her hand around the shaft while 
her other hand reached under to cup his balls.  David had 
to put his arms out in front to support himself.

Tina began to gently slide her hand over the twitching 
shaft.  She didn't expect him to be able to last any 
time.  "Hell, Justin would have blown his wad by now, the 
first time we got under a shower", she reminisced.

She kept the stimulation to a minimum, gently squeezing 
the glans and fingering his balls.

"Do you like this David?"

She got a shaky response which she interpreted as an 
affirmative.  "Would you like more?"

He could only nod his head, flinging droplets everywhere, 
while he concentrated on sports or maths or anything but 
what she was doing and the gorgeous vision he had seen.

"Well that might be possible, just remember ...", she 
squeezed his scrotum gently and David lifted up on his 
toes as she dragged the contents forwards and up.

"... you play ball with us ...", she relaxed her hold and 
began stroking, "... and we'll play ball with you."

David went rigid and began to coat the shower with his 
emissions while Tina pumped until he was empty.

"That was fun", she thought.

For very little effort, and no real involvement, she had 
made him much more interested in pleasing them as a 
group.

She liked him though, he was a nice kid.  Almost as tall 
as Justin, and hence herself, he hadn't filled out and 
still had slender arms and legs; almost scrawny.  She 
didn't find him exciting sexually, which he would have 
found depressing, but she didn't mind helping with his 
fantasies.

She washed the cum from the tip of his penis and released 
him.  "Perhaps you would like to wash me now?"

It was a silly question and he turned to face her.  He 
couldn't believe it had happened and his hopes of being 
able to brag about it faded rapidly when she looked at 
him with her big baby blues - she had to put a finger 
under his chin to raise HIS eyes so they were actually 
looking into hers - and said, "You realise that this and 
any future favours are conditional on your complete and 
utter silence about anything you have or will hear or see 
or do, don't you?"

This time David found his voice.  "I promise."

"And the bugs disappear from anywhere we are going to be?  
I don't mean that you have to shift the other one."

"She knew?"  David didn't think Justin was going to 
mention it; perhaps he just meant not to David's parents.  
David wasn't sure he wanted Katie to suspect he might be 
listening in when they went to bed.

Though if he had to tell the truth so far it had been 
pretty boring.  What hadn't been daily catch up, or 
farts, or snores, tended to be smooching and a little 
quiet loving where he couldn't make out as much as he 
could in the basement - at least Katie and the others 
told each other what they liked or wanted or made lewd 
and cheeky remarks about the others' activities.

The best he had heard was his father reassuring his 
mother that Katie was a good girl and they needn't worry 
about her having a boyfriend since she always had the 
others around as well.  THAT was good for a chuckle after 
he had listened in to what went on in the basement!

"Okay"  He decided the bug SHOULD disappear from the 
basement.  He had a better one in mind that they wouldn't 
find and, if he didn't say anything, they wouldn't know; 
and what they didn't know wouldn't hurt them or him, 
would it?

If he could get into the neighbours' house there was a 
cute eighteen year old who had her boyfriend over 
frequently - that could be almost as interesting.  Plus 
he had that parabolic snooper he wanted to build and if 
only he could get his hands on a cheap laser he'd been 
reading about picking up the vibrations off of a window.  
Maybe the others could fund his research.

He shook his head.  What was he thinking about!  Katie's 
friend Tina was standing in front of him, NAKED, and had 
asked him to wash her, and he was thinking about bugs!

He decided there had to be something seriously wrong with 
him as he reached for the soap.

With an awareness that his dream could end at any minute 
and that he would surely wake in his own bed with cum-
stained PJs he decided that it was more important that 
Tina leave with sparkling clean breasts than he waste 
time in other areas of her body and he subsequently miss 
out on the good bits.

"More gently", she instructed.

"Great", he thought, "she WANTS me to touch them.  Where 
is this going to end?"

As with most young men, David was nothing if not 
optimistic about his chances.

"They're beautiful."  He didn't realise the phrasing of 
his intended compliments reduced her to a set of breasts.

Tina let it pass.  She had made the conscious decision to 
give him a reward. "Let him learn how to behave on his 
own time", she thought.  She wasn't intending to become 
his full-time teacher though she was sure that this was 
probably his fondest wish right then.

He improved his technique as she guided him, more as a 
matter of self-interest.  She took the soap from him and 
began to wash the bits he was missing.

His hands paused while he watched her hand move between 
her legs.  "Damn", he thought.  "I should have done there 
too."  It was a mistake many a tit-oriented youth may 
have made - if they were ever lucky enough to have been 
in his place.

Tina noticed the attention he was paying to her ablutions 
and when she put the soap back and began to rinse she 
made a show of rubbing herself while really only washing 
the last of the suds away.

He had grown hard and she had an idea.  "You wanted to 
watch us in the basement.  Would you like to watch me 
make myself come now?"

The pointing penis noticeably jumped at the suggestion.  
It was funny to see the head swaying like a metronome, 
moving up and down in time with the beating of his heart.

"Yes please.  Would you really do that for me?"

"On one condition, over and above what you've already 
promised.  You have to do something for me at the same 
time."

"Anything!"

Tina smiled - he would have to learn not to give his word 
so rashly.

"I want to watch you doing what you were doing when I 
came in."

He had to think.  "Jerk off?"

"Yes.  Only fair, don't you think?"

Since he didn't think he could stand watching her without 
coming, and probably without touching his prick, David 
didn't see what he had to lose other than by having the 
door burst open and Katie's friends all yell "Surprise!".

He looked across - no it was snibbed - but then he had 
thought he snibbed it when he came in earlier.  Still, 
opening the "locked" door was even easier than building a 
bug.

"Okay."

Tina rinsed off her tits as well and stepped out to dry 
herself.  David offered to help but she put him off.

"You just stand over there and get dried."  She stood in 
front of him and let him watch as she worked the towel 
around her body from top to bottom.  He paid particular 
attention as she patted below and beside her breasts, 
wishing she would let him help.

He also watched closely as she rested a foot on the side 
of the bath to dry her pale and slender thighs, feeling 
ashamed that he didn't dare kneel at her feet to see more 
clearly.

Tina folded her towel to make a padded seat on the side 
of the bath and sat with legs spread wide.

"Come on", she encouraged, "let's see what you can do."

David hadn't tried to hide his erection; having had Tina 
stroke it in shower made any denial of its existence 
impossible and besides, he felt it looked much more 
impressive that way than when it was shrivelled up.

He did however feel more sensitive about jerking off in 
front of her, even in exchange for watching her do the 
same.  Still if he didn't, it was likely that this would 
be the end of any encounters even if he was allowed to 
watch one time.  He wrapped his fingers around his 
appendage and began to stroke.

As he did Tina smiled and reached down with one hand to 
part her lips while the other began to encourage her 
pussy to ooze its sweetly scented lotion.  As it flowed 
onto her fingers she spread it across the sensitive 
surface and then plunged them deep within.

David watched the digits disappear and decided, "What the 
hell!"  He sat cross-legged before the masturbating girl 
and continued to pump his cock while enjoying the much 
closer view of the butterfly wings trapped by her spread 
finger and the two fingers rhythmically fucking the pink 
hole in the middle of the reddish brown pussy.

He leaned back, holding himself upright, and his cock 
jerked.  Cum fountained through the air, landing on his 
chest; he pumped again and a second followed.

He looked at Tina and saw she was staring at his spurting 
member, her smile disappearing as her mouth screwed up 
when she pushed her fingers incredibly deeper into her 
sopping hole.

She relaxed and stood.

"Well done David."  She offered him her fingers and with 
little hesitation he let her slide them into his mouth.

"Oh that tastes lovely", he thought, wishing he could try 
it from the source.

She recovered her hand and passed her fingers through the 
slime sliding slowly down his chest.  David was much more 
hesitant when she offered her fingers this time.

"You should know what it tastes like if you're going to 
expect a girl to swallow it."

He gave in and licked his cum from her extended hand.  
"Perhaps", he thought, "it isn't such a big deal if a 
girl refuses to let you come in her mouth."

Tina leaned down and gave him a quick kiss, taking the 
opportunity to scoop up another sample of his boy juice.

"See you later David.  Can you hang up my towel please?"

She let herself out after checking the corridor and 
opened Katie's bedroom door.

David, stunned by all that had happened, simply sat on 
the floor and said, "Bye."

Katie looked up at the unexpected intrusion.  "Tina!  I 
didn't think you were coming."

"With a bit of luck we both will."

Katie stood and the naked Tina carefully embraced her.

"I've got something special for you."

She held up her fingers and licked one side as she 
offered them to Katie.  Katie copied her and then they 
kissed.  "Has Tina been with Justin?  Then how did she 
sneak back?  If she could appear anywhere then why did 
she use the door?  And why couldn't Justin have said 
goodbye to me outside - I would have given him another 
hand job if he wanted one."

Tina smiled strangely.  "Guess who?"

Katie immediately answered "Justin" and then realised it 
quite possibly wasn't.  "Where had Tina been?"

"No - guess again."

Her body still had the freshly washed dampness that a 
quick towelling didn't quite remove and Katie recalled 
Justin's instruction to her brother.

There was a touch of horror in her voice, "David?"

"Is that a problem love?"

"It's not something I would deliberately have considered 
but I suppose not."

She didn't really know how she felt; it wasn't quite 
incest but it wasn't quite right.  The taste hadn't 
bothered her any more than Justin's did; she could take 
it or leave it.  At least David didn't know what she had 
done - or did he?

"You didn't tell David you were going to give it to me 
did you?"

"He doesn't even know I've tried it; though I did make 
him taste it after he'd wanked himself.

Katie found herself wishing she had at least seen his 
performance.  Did she REALLY want to watch her brother?

She self-consciously took Tina's hand and cleaned the 
residue from it.  "I suppose I am really a cum SISTER 
now!"

*********************************************************
Continued in Chapter 16

