Kumiko's Weekend

This started out as an exchange of thoughts between me and a reader on another weebsite whose petite oriental wife was once mistaken for a child at a public bath....

Kumiko goes to a public swimming pool on her lunch hour. She locks her handbag (with her cel phone, plastic, ID license, money, etc.) in the car and only carries her key in. She's wearing a smart business suit, heels, pantihose, makeup, her long hair is pinned up in back in a very adult style. 

In the Changing Room she goes to a locker near the showrs and undresses. She notices the place is full of girls high-school age, talking about being on the School Swim Team. She feels a little self-conscious as she removes all her grown-up clothes and sees that these girls all look more mature than she does (especially since she -ah- shaved, you know). She also sees a sign that says "YOU MUST SHOWER BEFORE ENTERING POOL AREA" Most folks shower with their swim suits on, but Kumiko doesn't know this, so she leaves her towel & swim-suit (with the locker key!) on the bench and walks to the showers nude. 

The showers are crowded with girls and Kumiko shifts nervously about, waiting for her turn, feeling very shy an vulnerable. As she starts to get under the shower, a group of High School Girls pushes in front of her "You can just wait, little girl, we need to get to practice." As she fumes, she hears the girls speculate about her age: One girl says Kumiko looks about 11 but the other insist she's no more than 8 or 9. 

Finally, showered and soaking wet (she left her towel by the locker) Kumiko goes back to the locker to see it's open! And all the girls are pawing through HER clothes! 

"Hey! Those are mine!" 

"Don't be silly little girl. These must belong to a woman in her 20s. Now go get dressed while we take them to the lost and found." 

"But they're MINE!" 

The woman in charge of the Women's Changing Room tells her to stop this nonsense and get dressed. 

"But I haven't any clothes! They took everything!" 

"Well there must be something here...." The woman finds a pair of kiddie training pants with Finding Nemo pictues on them, and a REALLY tiny T-shirt! 

"I can't wear these! I'm a grown-up!" 

"You can wear them or go naked, little girl. Let me fixyour hair..." The woman puts her long dark hair into 2 little pony tails, one on each side. "There. isn't that cute! Now go out to the Pool!" And she pushes poor Kumiko out into the Public Pool area. 

Adults smile condescendingly at the little girl dressed like a baby. The school girls lauigh outright at her appearance...


Kumiko pt 2

I mean, it's not enough poor Kumiko has ben humiliated by a bunch of schoolgirls and had all her adult clothes turned in to the Lost & Found at a Public Pool, leaving her naked, then been dressed in toddler's clothes? That's not enough for the poor woman? 

Well, how's this: 

We left Kumiko standing there by the pool. She doesn't look like a 23-year-old businesswoman anymore, though; now she looks like a little girl who's been dressed in toddler's clothes as punishment for some childish behavior. Imagine, standing there in Training Pants and a child's tiny T-shirt! Grown-ups smile and shake their heads, and the school girls laugh out lod at the sight of her this way. Kumiko blushes furiously and wonders what to do. Maybe if she could get to a phone? She looks around for one, takes a few steps.... 

Suddenly a bunch of rough-housing grade-school kids bump into her, knocking Kumiko to the edge of the pool! As she teeters on the brink, one of them grabs her flimsy T-shirt... 

The feel of Kumiko's flimsy T-shirt tearing away is followed immediately by the chilling "splash" as she topples into the waist-deep water, head-down and bare feet waving comically in the air. Coughing, blinking and spitting chlorinated water, she stands up to discover herself topless in a public pool! 

"oooo!" She crosses her arms over her tiny titties and runs for the shallow end with the idea of scrambling out of the pool. But she isn't thinking about her brightly-colored childish Training Pants... which are now filled with water! As she runs into the shallower level, the pants, weighted down, sag down over her non-existent hips, slide down her pert little bottom, and finally slip down her scissoring legs, tangling around her ankles. Kumiko trips on them and lands face-down with a "splash!" near the edge of the pool -- right where a young mother is teaching her child to swim. 

"Be careful little girl!" she snaps at Kumiko, "Can't you watch where you're going, stupid child? Hey! You don't even have any clothes on, little girl!" 

Kumiko looks down at herself, horrified: totally naked in front of all these staring people! She clasps one hand down over her smooth pudenda, crosses the other forearm over her chest, and runs for the Changing Room! 

Or tries to run. She's barely (ahem!) started when a lifeguard grabs her arm. 

"Hey little girl! No Running!" 

"But-but---" Embarassed by her nudity, ashamed of her girlish appearance, and totally humiliated by her sudden loss of adult status ("I'm a grown-up businesswoman!" she tells herself, "I really AM!") Kumiko blurts out the obvious: "But I'm- I'm Naked!" she squeals. 

Heads turn. 

Grown-ups grin. 

Children laugh. 

The lifeguard glowers as more and more people stare. 

"I can see you're naked, you silly kid. Now get into the Changing Room -- BUT WALK!" 

Blushing from head to foot (as everyone can see!) fuming inwardly, still clutching her hands over her for some semblance of modesty, Kumiko trots obediently into the Changing Room. 

Inside, the woman in charge is clearly irritated at seeing this pesky little brat once more -- and naked again! 

"What is this?" She glowers suspiciously, "Are you trying to work some con, little girl?" 

"Pleeese!" Kumiko wails in frustration, seeing her adult business suit hanging neatly in the Lost & Found -- just out of reach! "Gimme my clothes back!" 

"And what happened to the clothes I just gave you, young lady? If you can't take care of things any better than that, you're certainly not ready for a nice grown-up business suit!" 

"Pleese!" She wails again, "Can't you see I'm naked?" 

"I see a little girl trying to cover up what she hasn't got," The lady says firmly, "But I supose I can find you something... here..." she turns back to Kumiko, "Put this on." 

It's a disposable diaper. 

"NO!" Kumiko screams, "I'm to old to be pit in a diaper! I won't wear it! I WON'T!!!" She stamps her bare feet and jumps about likle a child in a tantrrum, still trying to cover her nudity. People in the Changing Room turn and stare at the sight of a naked little girl defying the woman in charge. Then -- 

The next thing she knows, Kumiko feels herself hauled across the woman's lap, bottom-up! 

Whack! 

"Oooww!" 

"So you're to old for diapers, eh?" 

Slapp! 

"Eeeek!" 

"Think you can put something over on me, eh?" 

Swackk! 

"Ooooo!" 

"NOW will you wear what I give you, little girl?" 

"YES! Yes I will, I'll do anything! please! please stop!" She begs through childish tears. 

An hour later, Kumiko is still sitting in the Play area reserved for little children at the pool, where she and the other pre-schoolers are supervised by Pool Staff. She huddles in a corner of the big play-pen, wearing nothing but a diaper. 

The lady in charge of the Changing Room gave Kumiko a chance to "call her mother." Kumiko tried her husband, but he wasn't home and his cell phone was in use. Nor could she reach any close friends or relatives; she had to call her place of employment. 

And that's how the new college-age intern Stephanie finds her boss Kumiko, naked save for a diaper, crouched in a play-pen! 

"Stephanie!" Kumiko speaks in a low voice, totally ashamed of being seen this way by a low-level intern, "Get my clothes! Get me out of here! My clothes, the key to my car.. it's all--" 

Stephanie signal her to be quiet. 

"Yeah, this is the girl I'm baby-sitting," she tells the woman in charge of the play room, "She slipped away from me and snuck off to the Pool." 

"Well I think you should just take her home like that!" 

"Good idea!" 

As Stephasnie leads Kumiko by the hand out of the play room, she whispers, 

"I know this is embarrassing, but I'm afraid if we told everyone you're really a top executive at (*deleted*) it'd reflect badly on the company. Let's just get you out of here..." 

Kumiko cringes at being led around in nothing but a diaper in front of all tghse people. But Stephanie's right. 

Once outside, though, they can't get into Kumiko's car. And Steph doesn't have enough gas to drive asll the way out to Kumiko's suburban neighborhood. 

"We'll have to go to my apartment and get gas money," Steph says, "Don't worry, you'll fit right in: I babysit litrtle kids every weekend for extra money!" 


Kumiko pt. 3

Okay, we've got Kumiko stripped of her adult clothes in a public place, denied access to them and dressed like a toddler, then stripped of THAT outfit, leaving her naked in public, then spanked and diapered, THEN seen by Stephanie, the tall, busty teenage intern from her workplace who has come to "rescue" her and ends up escorting poor poor Kumiko out of the Dressing Room in nothing but a diaper. 

Now let's throw in a few details: 

1.) At work, Kumiko is a very considerate boss, clear, easy-going, and rewarding to work for. But Steph is one of these girls who thinks she should have been promoted to at least CEO by the end of her first week at (*deleted*) and she resents taking orders from ANYONE, much less a petite, youthful-looking Oriental like Kumiko. She is determined to make the most of this uneexpected situation. 

2.) Yellowguy, Kumiko's husband, is planning to spend the weekend at a Family Reunion up at The Lake. Kumiko has never really gotten along with his family, especially not with: 

3.) Valerie. Everyone calls her "cousin" but in fact her parents were just friends of the family and she & Yellowguy aren't really related. Despite this, she likes to act like his "big sister", hanging out with him a lot, etc. almost possessively. She, too, resents Kumiko. 

So when Steph walks Kumiko out of the Dressing Room, she takes her time, enjoying the sight of the cringing little-girl-looking woman beside her, who is walking on tiptoe, knees bent, back curled, arms over her little chest. 

Once out in the Parking Lot, they can't get into Kumiko's car, so they'll have to use Stephanie's. But Steph says she doesn't have enough gas to get to the nice suburb where Kumiko lives, so they'll have to go to Steph's place and see if anyone has left $ for the babysitting jobs she does. 

Kumiko feels increaingly helpless as Steph drives them out of the Pool Parking Lot, further away from her clothes, her car, her money, keys cell phone and plastic... everything that makes up her identity as an adult! Clad in nothing but a disposable diaper, she crouches in the car as Steph steers them confidently through traffic. 

Steph is renting a modest house on a tree-liked street in a quiet suburb, but it seems far too busy and crowded for comfort as Steph parks at the curb and gestures for Kumiko to get out of the car. 

"But I'm practically naked!" Kumiko protests, looking desperately up and down the street. "Someone will se me like this! Can't you bring me out a dress or something?" 

"Someone certainly WILL see you if you stay out here in the car," Stephanie says, "Now get your little heinie in gear and come inside. No one will see anything if you don't dawdle. After all, your bottom's well-covered-" she giggles at the sight of the diaper, "-and you can cross your arms over your chest... not that you have much of anything to hide up there!" 

Kumiko fumes inwardly at the slighting comment on her lack of development, but she obediently scrambles out of the car and dogs Stephanie's all-too-slow footsteps from the curb to her front door... where she spends an inordinate amount of time fumbling for her keys while poor Kumiko practically dances on the front step beside her. 

But at last they're inside. 

"Thank gawd!" Kumiko sighs, "Now Pleese get me something to wear!" She's standing there trembling, knees half-bent, arms over her chest, and it's all Steph can do to keep from laughing out loud at the sight of her this way. 

"I don't think I have anything that will fit you," she says doubtfully, "But I'll go check my closet. You wait here... and be a good girl." 

Steph has been gone for several minutes. Kumiko wonders what could be keeping her? Then she sees the phone in the living room and decides to try calling her husband Yellowguy again. 

You can imagine her feelings when VALERIE answers! 

Valerie tells Kumiko that she is sharing a ride with Yellowman (Kumiko's husband!) and helping get things packed. Kumiko tells her to put Yellowman on the line, but Valerie says "he's busy." Kumiko insists, but Valerie simply repeats, "I said he's busy. Maybe I can help. What's the problem?" 

Kumiko wants to demand that Valerie call her husband to the phone, but in a full-legth mirror, she sees the reflection of herself standing there in Stepanie's living room in nothing but a diaper -- and her hair still in those silly childish pony-tails -- she realizes she's in no position to demand ANYTHING, so she meekly asks Valerie to bring her some clothes. 

"Clothes? What do you need clothes for? What hapened to the nice business suit you wore to work this morning?" 

Kumiko hesitates, wondering how to explain all this to this hateful woman, and sudenly the receiver is puled from her grip by a strong hand, 

"This is Stephanie," She takes over the conversation, "And I'm afraid our little Kumiko has lost all her clothes." 

Kumiko reddens at the sound of laughter coming from the receiver. 

"That's right," she hears Steph answer, "Everything from purse to knickers!... Well I guess the silly thing went into the showeers naked -- that's right, Naked! -- and when she went back to her locker, no one would believe the clothes were hers! Can you imagine? Well, I guess you're right, she DOES look awfully immature.... And she says the lady in charge made her wear a little toddler's swim-suit... yes, but then she even lost THAT, all they gave her was a diaper... but not before giving her a spanking as well.... That's right: a bare-bottom spanking, right out there in front of everybody -- can't you just picture it?" 

Kumiko wishes she could melt right through the floor, hearing this young snip and her hated "Cousin Valerie" laugh over her plight this way. But all she can do is stand there in her diaper, knees bent, arms clutched around her chest for SOME sort of cover as Stephanie says, 

"Yess, I suppose I could... I DO babysit here... How much? How long? OKAY! I'll see you in an hour or so." 

And she hangs up the phone. 

"That nice Miss Valerie is bringing you some clothes," she talks down to Kumiko like a child, "But meantime, you'll have to wait here and be good. It was very naughty of you to use my phone without permission, you know." 

That's it. Shamed beyond endurance, Kumiko explodes. "GIVE ME SOME CLOTHES!" She shrieks, "I'm NOT a little girl! I'm your Boss, and I WON'T be treated like this! I shouldn't be stuck here in just this awful diaper! I want my grown-up clothes back, and my purse, and my keys, and my cell phone and Driver's License! And you can't tell me how to behave!" 

"I wouldn't dream of it," Stephanie smiles. 

Suddenly Kumiko feels fingers pinching her ear, tugging her to the back door! 

"Ouch!! EEEK!!" 

"If you don't want to follow the rules here, young lady," Steph says firmly, "Well you can just leave any time you want." 

Kumiko hears the door opening. Feels herself pushed through it -- outside! And even worse, she feels Steph's hand on the back of her diaper... hears the sibilant "rrassspp! as the fragile tape parts... feels the naughty "swisshh!" between her thighs as the diaper is pulled completely awat! A gentle "push!" on her bare back, and Kumiko finds herself standing on Stephanie's back step... NAKED! 

"Oooo!" She half-crouches on the cold cement, dancing about as she glasnces quickly around to see just how bad her situation is: 

Steph's back yard is the typical tiny suburban thing, filled with kiddie toys, swing-set, sandbox, with a picket fence and a waist-high hedge that MIGHT offer SOMe protection... but not while she's up here on the step! Up here, anyone in the neighboring yards or walking down the sidewalk can see her -- all of her -- in this silly fix! 

Quickly, she hops off the step and crouches down in the bushes, looking imploringly up at Stephanie, who standing regally behind the screen door. 

"Pleeeese let me in!" 

"I thought you didn't want to stay here with me, little girl." 

"Ohhh, but-but I'm naked out here!" 

"And whose fault is that, young lady?" 

"Ohhhh! MINE! It's my fault! Now please let me in!" 

"Do you promise to obey all the rules and do as I tell you?" 

"Yes, ANYTHING!" 

"Promise? I mean, it's a very important decision, little girl, and I don't want you just rushing into it..." 

"YES! I Promise! I'll do whateveer you tell me!" 

"Very well," Steph smiles triumphantly, "You do just as you're told and I'll keep you safe. And for starters, I want you to go out there and play in the sandbox till Aunt Valerie gets here." 

"But-but-" 

The look in Stephanie's eye quiets Kumiko instantly. Defeated, she crawls to the sandbox... which is ALMOST hidden by the hedges... and begins playing in the sand. 

Kumiko crouched miserably in the sand-box, completely nude, milees from home, and at the mercy of a resentful intern, wondering how things could possibly get any worse.
"I told you to Play in the sand, young lady," Stephanie called sternly from just inside the back door, "Now are you going to mind, or must I take you out on the sidewalk and give you another public spanking?"

Disconsolately, Kumiko picked up a tiny plastic shovel and bucket and began making sand castles. The white sand felt sticky and gritty on her bare bottom, but she knew she had no choice; she MUSTN'T get Stephanie mad at her... she HAD to stay here till Valerie arrived with her clothes!
Time passed as the poor naked businesswoman continued fooling around like a child, bent low to hide from the yards and sidewalk beyond the low hedge and picket fence that were all that separated her from public exposure. Then, she heard a rustling in the branches! scarcely daring to look up, Kumiko kept her head bent low as possible and tired to search the hedge with her eyes.
There was someone over on the other side! Kumiko couldn't be sure, but it looked like two school kids, watching her through the hedge1 "Omigawd!" she thought, "Those kids are seing me naked!" She blushed redder and tried to crouch even lower in the sand-box. 
Whispers reached her ears,
"Look! Stephi's got a new kid staying over!"
"Maybe it's someone we can play with!"
"Naww, it's just som dumb gurl... looks like she's maybe four or five."
"Let's go on down to th schoolyard..."
And Kumiko btreathed a sigh of relief as he peepers moved on. 


Kumiko pt. 4

Let’s see… When we left Kumiko, she was completely nude, (Well, she lost the diaper they gave her at the Swimming Pool!) and miles away from her clothes purse, ID, car, home…. Treated like a child, forced to play in the sandbox in Stephanie’s back yard, humiliated and fuming. Then she sees Valerie! To her rescue!

Well, not quite. Valerie is standing just inside the glass storm door (The one Stephanie kicked Kumiko out of when she snatched off her diaper!) and snapping shots of Kumiko with her digital camera! Blushing furiously, Kumiko scrambles out of the sandbox and dashes to the door, feeling the grass between the toes of her bare feet, hugging her body for modesty, jumping onto the cold cement porch at Stephanie‘s back door. 

And of course, the door is locked.

Valerie laughs, recording Kumiko’s embarrassment for posterity as Stephanie says firmly, “No one said you could come inside, Little Girl. Aren’t you ashamed of yourself, standing there on the back porch where anyone can see you, stark naked? Now get back out in the yard and play like a good little girl until you’re called.”

Kumiko can’t believe her reddening ears. Can Stephanie be serious? Does this snippy young intern really mean to leave her, a successful businesswoman, out here like THIS?!?

“Better do as she says,” Valerie laughs, “Stephanie seems to be in charge of you now, and I refuse to help you until she says so.”

Kumiko’s head spins and her tummy flutters at Valerie’s laughing words: “Stephanie’s in charge of you,” can it be??? She dances about undecided on the cold cement porch, wondering what to do – then she hears someone coming down the street and her mind is made up: She jumps off the porch and hustles her naked butt back into the shameful sandbox!

“And I want to see you PLAYING!” Stephanie snaps.

How much time passes while poor naked Kumiko huddles there, shoveling sand into a clown-colored plastic bucket with a tiny plastic shovel? Inside the house, she hears Stephanie and Valerie sipping tea, talking of grown-up things, giggling occasionally at some private joke. Sounds like a car on the street outside. Is someone else here?

“All right, young lady,” Stephanie’s commanding voice interrupts Kumiko’s jumbled thoughts, “Play-time’s over. Come inside.”

She doesn’t have to be told twice. In a split-second she’s repeating her barefoot dash to the door, and this time (thankfully!) she gets to come in.

But the sight that greets her is far from reassuring: 
STEPHANIE: gazing down at her with aloof, authority
VALERIE: grinning widely at the sight of Kumiko this way
and STACEY: Valerie’s 17-year old daughter, standing there in the living room, looking very mature and independent… in Kumiko’s business suit!

“My clothes!” She squeals, clasping one arm across her tiny tits and a hand down over her smooth puss, “ How did YOU get them?”

“YOUR clothes?” Stacey pirouettes proudly in the stylish outfit, “Once I described them at the Pool, the lady in charge had no trouble believing they were MY clothes.... though I certainly didn’t need that padded bra you wear.”

“Mimi” Stephanie addresses Kumiko, “Certainly you must admit Stacey seems much more suited to grown-up clothes than you do.”

“That’s right,” Valerie smiles, “A little girl like you is much more at home in diapers and a play-pen than pretending to run an office in the grown-up world... Mimi!”

Kumiko is suddenly terribly aware of her situation: standing there nude, knees dirty and sand flaking off her bare ass, no makeup, her hair in this childish style, facing three fully-clothed adult women, she feels small, powerless and incredibly NAKED!

“P-pleese,” she begs, “Please gimme my clothes back?”

“Later maybe,” Valerie gloats, “If you’re a good little girl.”

Quickly she outlines their plans for Kumiko’s weekend: Valerie will go to the Family reunion and keep Kumiko’s husband company. Stacey will use Kumiko’s car and credit cards for a shopping spree. Stephanie will access Kumiko’s business accounts and interoffice correspondence for information on moving up in the company. And Kumiko...

“You’ll spend the weekend here being baby-sat,” Stephanie says, “You’ll wear what I tell you... not that you‘ll get much to wear at all. You’ll do as you’re told, dress as you’re told, and obey every order I give you... including to act as a little girl at all times.”

“And if you’re good for the next couple days,” Valerie picks up the lecture, “I’ll pick you up Sunday and take you back to your husband.”

“But we couldn’t FORCE you to do this,” Stacey grins, “So if you have any hesitation at all -- if you don’t really WANT to be a good little girl all week-end -- just say so now. And I’ll take you downtown to the Juvenile Detention Center, while Mom e-mails those pictures of you to the whole office!”

Kumiko has a dizzying vision of herself in some grim facility, naked, vainly trying to convince a butch matron that she’s really an adult, trying to explain her nudity and juvenile appearance, facing her whole office staff with pictures of her playing in a sandbox naked...

“Noo-oo-oo!” She moans, “I-I’ll do it! Whatever you say...


Kumiko Conclusion

Okay, so when we left Kumiko, she had lost all her clothes at the Public Swimming Pool and was going to spend time being baby-sat by Stephanie (the nasty intern from her office) while Valerie (The “old friend of the family” who has the hots for Kumiko’s husband!) goes with him to the Family Reunion (“You never got along with his family anyway.”) and Stacey, Valerie’s 17-year-old daughter, has a shopping spree with Kuniko’s car, credit cards and cell-phone.

And did I mention Kumiko had to write out a hefty check to Stephanie to PAY for the baby-sitting?

All right then. That was Friday evening. And I promised I’d pick up the story about Noon on Sunday when Stephanie takes Kumiko to the Family Reunion to be rescued by her husband.

But Kumiko can’t see her husband is anywhere around the big park where the reunion is held! And she doesn’t feel like going around looking for him dressed like THIS – Stephanie has put Kumiko in ridiculously childish yelow bib-shorts, a one-piece thing where the top only just barely covers her tiny tits, and the legs are so short everyone can see the puffy diaper that is her only undergarment. A pair of silly white plastic sandals with purple-plastic flowers completes her humiliating ensemble. And oh yes: Her hair is done up in two tiny pony-tails with ribbons.

And dressed like this, she is led around holding Stephanie’s hand while her intern tells everyone about the dreadful “babysitting”.

“….Slept in a crib Friday night, of course,” Stephanie says, “wearing just the diaper… she didn’t want it, but… well let’s just say it turned out she needed it!”

Everyone looks down at the blushing 23-year-old businesswoman reduced to toddler-dom and laughs heartily as Stephanie continues

“… Saturday morning she pretty much stayed in her play-pen and watched cartoons till I put her in her high chair and fed her lunch. By then she was behaving well enough I thought we could go to the Mall. Luckily, one of the kids I used to baby-sit left a dress that fit her….”

Kumiko almost weeps remembering the too-short white taffeta dress that showed off her didies every step she took. And the too-tight plastic sandals that made her walk so awkwardly… like a child! 

“... it was a really nice clothing store, but while my back was turned, Kumiko tried to get the saleslady to give her some grown-up clothes!” Stephanie is saying, “Naturally the lady explained that she can’t just GIVE clothes, and that she was much to young to wear adult clothes anyway, and Kumiko started yelling that she was too grown-up, and she had to have those clothes! She was crying and stamping her feet....

“... so I gave her something to cry about! Those pony-tails make very convenient handles, so I just sat down , pulled her across my lap and gave her a spanking! And to make sure she felt it, I tore off that diaper!”

“Mmmm,” Valerie smiles approvingly, “You mean everyone could see her bare bottom?”

“They sure could!” Stephanie insists, “Especially the way she was wiggling it around over my lap! By the time we left that store, she qwas bawling her eyes out and promising to be a good little girl.”

Kumiko blushes all over again, recalling how it felt to be led down the mall bottomless -- because Stephanie just left her diaper in the store -- trying to walk in those too-tight sandals, hold her dress down over her bare bottom and hold Stephanie’s hand... as she led her to the Kiddie Play Pen and told her to stay there and play nice with the other children!

“I took my time shopping,” Stephanie continues, “I mean, I really didn’t think I’d have to worry about her running off anyplace with her butt hanging out like that,” Everyone laughs. “But then as I was about to get on the escalator down to the main floor – you know where I mean; you can see the Kiddie Play Pen from there – I saw Kumiko off in a corner playing with another little girl

“She was maybe ten years old – the other girl, I mean – and not really big for her age, but her mommy had dressed her in sort of grown-up clothes. And as watched, I could see she and Kumiko were playing some sort of game: It was Rock-Paper-Scissors! And as I watched, the girl took off one of her shoes and handed it to Kumiko – They were playing for their clothes!

“Well you can imagine how upset I was with her. Imagine, trying to take advantage of a 10-year-old, just because she didn’t like the nice dress she was wearing! But as I rode down the escalator, I saw Kumiko hand the girl back her shoe… then after another round, she had to hand over one of her own!

“By the time I got closer, Kumiko had lost her other shoe. I couldn’t help smiling, and I kind of stepped out of sight, just to see what would happen. I mean the only thing she had left was her cute little dress, and… you guessed it: she lost the next round!”

Kumiko’s sister-in-law Madeleine, chunky, dyed-blonde and slightly tipsy, almost spilling out of her cut-offs and halter-top, howls with laughter. “You mean this supposedly grown-up lady actually got beat out of her clothes by a 10-year-old!??”

Everyone grins down at the 23-year old businesswoman dressed in the ridiculous yellow bib-shorts and diaper.

“That’s right,” Stephanie gloats, “I could hardly believe my eyes when that little girl just reached over and pulled her dress right off. I don’t think Kumiko even realized what was happening herself, but the next thing -- there she was, completely nude in the Kiddie-Pen at the Mall!”

Kumiko hangs her head as she remembers that shameful defeat – all because she tried to get some grown-up clothes!. And the humiliating sequel as Stephanie marched over, took her by the hand and led her away! The awkwardness of trying to cover her tiny breasts, her smooth puss and her bare bottom with just one fluttering, splay-fingered hand! The shouts from children:
“Mommy look! That little girl’s NAKED!”
“That girl don’t got no clothes on!”
“Look! LOOK!”

or the smug grins and snide comments from the grown-ups thronging the Mall
“Someone’s headed for a spanking!”
“She must be a real little brat!”
“Can you imagine a child losing all her clothes in public?”
“You know… she looks kind of familiar. There’s a lady at work…. Naah, it couldn’t be…. Could it?”

And now, the wide grins and outright laughter from her in-laws as Stephanie finishes, “Fortunately, I bought some things for a suitable punishment. There’s a big doghouse in the back yard of the house I’m renting, and that’s where our little girl spent the night – with a collar locked around her neck and a ten-foot chain fixed to a post anchored in the ground. There was just enough room for her to get inside and hide. But I made sure her water dish was far enough away that she had to crawl completely outside to get a drink!

“By this morning, when I let her in and washed her off in the sink, she was glad to be treated lie a little girl again. It was all ‘Yes Miss Stephanie’ and ‘No Miss Stephanie’… She’s been a nice little girl all day, so I dressed her up and here we are!”

“Well I never would have believed she’d ask to be treated like this” comes a familiar voice, “But after seeing the check she signed… and no one would lose her clothes to a child unless she rally WANTED to!”

It’s Kumiko’s husband talking.

“No!” Kumiko cries, “I’m not a little girl! I’m NOT! I’m a mature businesswoman and I mustn’t be treated like this!” She stamps her plastic-sandaled feet with enough force that the top of her bib-shorts comes loose and suddenly the garment slips down off her chest… down her legs… and she’s standing in front of everybody showing off her diapers!

“I told you she’d protest,” Standing with one arm around Kumiko’s husband, Valerie smiles down at his humiliated wife, “But she’ll get used to having me as her new Mommy!”

“No!” Kumiko tries to kick, but her sandaled feet get caught in the bib-shorts around her ankles and the whole thing comes off, along with her sandals, leaves standing in front of everyone in just diapers. “NO! You’re not my mommy! You’re NOT!”

“Looks like somebody’s headed for the play-pen,” Her husband shakes his head, but can’t help grinning.

“I have a better idea,” Towering over Kumiko. Valerie easily grabs her pony-tailed hair and pulls off the diaper in one smooth motion. Kumiko freezes, trying to cover herself with her hands as Valerie calls,

“Stacey – bring the dog cage over here -- no; the small one!”



