I entered the vape shop, hoping to buy a new charger for my vape pen, which i used to smoke marijuana extracts out of. I noticed that I was the only one in the store, I approached the counter and saw a guy leaning over it, watching me approach. He was tall and stocky, wearing a tight red shirt. His large, strong forearms rested on the counter.
"Hey," I said, swallowing. "I'm looking for a charger for this," holding up my vape pen. He took the vape pen and looked at it for a minute, and then he looked at me, scanning my body it seemed like. I scrunched my face up irritated, but then he said
"Yeah I have a charger for this, 5 bucks, you have to follow me to the back though, that's where we keep them." I said ok and watched him open up a door behind him, and I followed, slowly behind.
He flicked on the light, revealing a large merchandise room as I followed behind. As soon as I was in the room with him, he walked back to the door and shut it behind us, locking it. "Don't worry, there's no cameras in here," he said, walking towards me. I was surprised and didn't know what to do, I backed up and lightly bumped into the wall behind me. He approached me still and stopped in front of me, resting his hands on my sides. I gasped. He began to look me up and down, breathing slowly.
"What's going on?" I said, trying to avoid eye contact with him.
"Oh nothing," he said, his hands still on my sides, he pushed his body up against mine and I felt his cock press against mine. I felt my cock react and it began to grow hard. I let out a soft, low whimper as he continued looking me up and down, now moving his hands up and down the side of my thighs and hips. "I just think you're really hot. And I think you might like it too," he said, placing a hand on my hardening cock and giving it a squeeze.
I let out a soft, "mmm," but quickly said, "No, no. I've never done anything with a guy before. I'm not gay."
He didn't seem to pay much attention to this because he continued rubbing the side of my legs, his hand reaching around to my back. His hand roamed over my tight sweatpants and stopped at my ass, taking hold of my ass cheek and squeezing it. "Hey!" I said, trying to move away from his hand, which only caused me to press my cock harder against his.
"You've got a nice butt," he said. And with one hand on my ass and his other hand taking the back of my head, gently, he moved his face towards mine and our lips met. I mumbled and squirmed under his kiss, trying to (half) resist, but he kept his lips pressed on mine and his hand firm on my head, forcing his tongue into my mouth. His tongue forced it's way against mine and I had no choice but to move my tongue in response, to massage it against his. As we started to make out, he slid a hand underneath the back of my pants and boxers and grabbed at my ass cheek, holding it firmly. My cock began to swell up harder and harder. I felt it pressing against my pants, pressing firmly against this stranger's cock. What was happening? I'm straight...
The stranger broke our kiss and I could breathe for a minute, but he kept his hand on my ass cheek. "You like that?" He said, close to my ear, whispering.
"I don't know, i'm not like this, I swear," I said, confused, hot, my dick raging hard and pressed up against this stranger's cock.
He stood there for a second and began to slide his other hand down my back, under my sweat pants and he grabbed at my other ass cheek, now holding both of them in his strong hands. I squirmed. "I don't know," I said, talking softer and less audible, getting lost in the heat of the moment. He began to massage and grab at my ass, pulling my cheeks apart and then back together. "Mmmm," I murmured as his hands kept fondling me, massaging my ass.
"You have such a nice ass, so soft and muscular. Do you work out?" He said, whispering into my ear, giving me goosebumps.
"Yeah," I said, "I try to."
"Oh, it shows," he said, kissing softly at my neck. The feeling was like electric, his soft lips on my neck and his strong hands on my ass. I squirmed again under his touches as he began to rock back and forth gently, causing our cocks to grind together. His hands slid back up my ass only to grab at the waist of my pants, pulling them down slowly, over the curve of my bubble butt.
"Please...no. I can't" I moaned softly as he placed another soft kiss on my neck.
"I don't think you want me to stop, do you?" I said nothing as he continued sliding my pants down the curve of my ass, until it popped out, fully exposed. I gasped softly as his hands returned to my ass cheeks, massaging and touching them.
Our cocks continued to grind together as he held my ass, pulling me towards him. I could feel precum sticking to my boxers and pants and I continued to grow harder and harder. "You're great," he whispered into my ear and continued to kiss me down the neck. I let out a louder moan and I think he could tell I was getting lost in the feelings, my resistance was fading as my cock grew stronger. My mouth hung open as I moaned softly, and he took this opening to stick his tongue back in my mouth as we kissed softly, our tongues darting and wild. I sucked on his tongue and he sucked on mine as his hands continued rubbing and grabbing my ass, pulling my hard cock into his.
As we kissed softly, he slid a hand down my chest. He slid it very slowly down my abdomen and stopped at the bottom of my shirt. He moved his hand under my shirt and began to run a finger back and forth, against my strong abs. It felt too good to be touched like this, my cock grew harder and harder, tenting in my sweatpants.
He began to lift my shirt up, exposing my stomach, but I put a hand down to stop him. "I don't know," I said. He kept kissing the sides of my neck.
"Come on sexy, I want to make you feel good." His hand grabbed and squeezed my plump ass tightly. I moaned and allowed him to continue lifting my shirt up. He threw my shirt to the ground, revealing my toned upper body. "Nice body," he said, standing back.
I looked to my left and noticed a full length mirror. I saw myself with my ass hanging out, my shirt off all muscular, my cock sticking up hard in my pants. I don't know what it was, but I loved how I looked. I loved feeling so vulnerable and being dominated like this. He began to slide his hands and fingers up and down my chest and stomach, slowly. It gave me goosebumps and made me writhe and squirm in pleasure, lost under his touches. My cock was harder than it had ever been, begging to be released. I think he could tell because he began to slowly slide my pants the rest of the way down, my hard cock popping up into the air. I stumbled a bit from the pleasure, but he held and balanced me, placing a hand on my hard dick.
"No, you shouldn't be touching me like this." But he let my cock rest in his hands, dripping precum onto his hand.
"Relax," he said, taking his shirt off. My body was toned and lean, but this guy was all muscle. He had a smooth chest and stomach, and rippling arms and biceps. He began to unzip his zipper as I stood there, looking at him, cock raging hard. He pulled his dick out and stroked it up and down a few times, and then pressed his body back against mine, our cocks touching.
"Mmmmm," i said, shuddering under the feeling. He ran his hand down my back again and took a hold of my ass, forcing our naked cocks to grind together.
"Oh yeah, you're dick is so hard," he whispered into my ear, holding my ass. He started humping and grinding his dick against mine. I softly moaned. He said, "I love your hard cock, how it feels so wet and smooth against mine." He started moaning.
I was hot, I had never been so hot! My skin was literally on fire with passion, i felt my cock throbbing and pulsing. It was sending pleasure through every part of my body as he humped his cock against mine and held my ass. "Oh yeah. You're so naughty. You like this, don't you?" he said, kissing my neck.
"Ohh.. Ii.." it was hard to talk. "I don't know. It feels good."
"Mhmm, it does," he whispered.
He slid his tongue back into my mouth and I let it smack against my tongue. He began sucking on my tongue and biting softly at my lower lip. I moaned louder, his hands forcing our bodies together.
"If we don't stop, I might cum soon," I said.
"Good, that's what I want," he said, kissing me again.
"I don't thi..." he kept kissing my neck.
He slid a hand slowly down my stomach and grabbed at my hard cock. I squirmed. He pressed my cock up against his and spit down, the spit splashing on our cocks. "What are you do.." his tongue darted into my mouth and cut me off again.
"I'm gonna make you cum baby," he whispered, his voice so soothing and reassuring.
He grabbed both of our cocks and slid his hand up and down as they pressed together, stroking us both. I arched my back and pumped my cock into his hand. He placed his other hand on my chest and began to pinch and squeeze my nipple. I never knew having my nipple touched could feel so good, all of these new feelings and desires.
I moaned softly and whispered, "That feels good," as he continued to touch my hard nipple.
"I see you're coming around," he said as he squeezed and pumped our dicks harder. He began to moan as he jacked us off, and seeing him moaning turned me on even more, my cock thick and veiny in his hand, turning purple and ready to burst. We kissed deeply, our tongues touching as he stroked us even faster, his hand going up and down rapidly.
"No, no, i'm gonna cum. We can't." I said, but he kept stroking us off faster as we kissed. I tried to kiss him back, but it was hard, I was so lost in the pleasure. We both sat there moaning and groaning as he stroked our cocks. I arched my back and began rocking back and forth against his dick. We humped eachother as his hands held and stroked our cocks. His hand returned to my ass and pulled me into him.
"Oh yeah, fuck yeah," he murmered. I only moaned and grunted.
And soon, I felt the pressure building in my cock, I was going to cum. His hands stroked faster as I began shooting hot, white cum. Some of it hit his hand, most of it shot up into the air. He kept squeezing and milking my cock as I came, and I moaned, resting an arm on his strong shoulder. I kept cumming thick, white loads. I didn't think it was possible to cum so much, I had never experienced anything like this.
The stranger kept stroking his cock, and my eyes stared straight at it. His cock was bulging veiny and hard, and he was grunting loudly, and I knew he was about to cum too. And sure enough, he started shooting loads of white cum all over my stomach and abs. He moaned as he pumped his cock dry, cumming all over me.
And when he finished we stood there for a minute, panting heavily. He walked over to a table and grabbed some paper towels. He began to wipe the cum off of my body as he looked into my eyes. I suddenly felt very shy and nervous, and moved my eyes away from his. But he tilted my chin up and kissed me again, our soft, wet lips pressing together as he ran the paper towel over my stomach, abs, cock. It made my dick twitch and I was getting half-hard again. "Not possible," I thought.
There was a buzzing sound and the stranger pulled away from our kisses. "Shit, that means I have a customer, we'd better get dressed," he said. We quickly threw on our clothes and he handed me the vape charger. "Just take it babe, on the house."
"Thank you," I said back, blushing.
He pulled out a business card and slid it into my back pocket, caressing my ass again as he did. I moaned.
"That's my business card and number. Text or call me sometime, lets hang out. Name's Mark by the way."
"I'm Tyler," I said, shyly.
"Tyler," he said, "cool."
He slapped my ass playfully and opened up the door, I followed behind him. The customer was browsing display cases in the store, and didn't notice us creep out of the back room. I waved bye to Mark and walked out of the store.
I sat in my car in a half dream state, lighting up a cigarette and inhaling deeply. I felt so good, so free and liberated like a weight had been lifted. I reached into my back pocket and pulled out Mark's business card. I held it to my chest snd smiled, putting my car in reverse and pulling out of the parking lot. "Mark," I said to myself, smiling, "I hope our adventures continue."