When Jensen finally rolls out of bed Saturday, it's early afternoon.

Pretending last night didn't happen is pretty fucking difficult when you're still wearing the evidence, and while Jensen's good at telling himself whatever he wants to hear, his top priority involves one scalding shower and a bar of soap. Icarus, of course, has other ideas - the low whimpering sound he makes coupled with a wild scramble for the back door when Jensen peels the sheets back can only mean one thing.

Jensen temporarily rearranges his priorities because scraping dog shit off the travertine in the kitchen is on that ubiquitous list of things he never wants to do. Either way, it's a compelling enough reason to step into last night's pants and follow Ick instead of letting the water run hot in the master bath like he wants to.

Priorities are important.

The way the seam of his jeans rubs across oversensitive skin is not a priority, but then neither is the dark blue T-shirt still slung across the corner of the end table in the living room where he peeled it off last night.

Jensen notices both, so preoccupied that he forgets to push the patio door open for Icarus until the frantic pawing cuts through the fog.

"Sorry buddy," he says to the white blur that streaks past. "Not all here this morning."

It must have rained sometime during the night. The wood beneath his feet feels sodden and the air carries that fresh smell he's always associated with spring and new beginnings. Out here there are no triggers to overlook, but there's also nothing to distract him from the fact that he put all his money on the table last night and walked away empty-handed.

Not that he cares, he doesn't. It just - kinda sucks.

Icarus streaks along the fence line after a squirrel and Jensen watches, lets his mind wander as far as it will because he's not ready to think seriously about what happened any more than he's ready to admit it bothers him. It does, of course, and now that he's thought the thought he can't skirt his irritation quite so easily.

Given a second chance, he'd do just about everything differently. The cranes, for a start, would have gone straight into the trash. Screw the mystery. The dreams would have gone ignored until they inevitably went away. Yet, despite the extenuating circumstances and the wildly inaccurate assumptions he'd made about Misha's reasons for being here, Jensen can't quite regret the sex. He's not sure if that makes him fucked up, stupid, or a little bit of both.

It is what it is.

Icarus, meanwhile, has given up on flushing his newfound furry friend out of the oak in the back corner of the lot. Jensen only knows because there's either warm, slobbery sandpaper being rubbed across his ankle or Ick is licking him.

"C'mon kid," he says. "Let's get inside before the neighbors start staring."

Icarus yips and scampers to the patio door, dive bombing his toy basket as soon as he clears the thresh-hold. The rope pull he comes up with was originally intended for Harley, so not only does it make him look completely ridiculous, but it also sets Jensen's teeth on edge. As much as he hates to deny Ick anything, what he needs more than anything right now is a fucking shower.

The multi-colored hurricane of paper strewn across the surface of the coffee table stops him though, some of it folded, some unfolded, every last crease of it a lie. So there is one thing he needs more than that shower. It takes a grand total of ten seconds to scoop all of it back into a box. Less than that to shove the box in the kitchen trash can and slam the lid back in place.

There's a soft whine behind him and Icarus trots in, the frayed ends of the pull wriggling when he tilts his head, eyes wide and watery. It's all Jensen can do to take the coward's way out, mutter, "Hold that thought," under his breath and slip down the hall into the master bath.

With the door shut behind him, Jensen's world narrows to routines. Water. Shampoo. Soap. He stays under the spray even after he's scrubbed himself clean, lets the water pound against his back and loosen the muscles that have gone tight from staying in bed too long. In the absence of other stimuli, his mind finds its way into dangerous territory again, and this time he gives it leave to go.

Sooner or later he's going to have to hash it out, and now is highly fucking preferred to Monday on set when he's left with no other choice. Sleep has cooled the anger if not the sense of betrayal, but he's not sure who he should be angry at to begin with. Misha for the prank, Jared for the assist, or himself for giving a shit about any of it. In hindsight, he's struck by the complete and utter absurdity of it all.

At least in part, the blame rests on his own shoulders. When it comes to pranks, Jay and Misha both tend to have short attention spans designed for immediate gratification, visceral punchlines. Had he not reacted the way he did, neither of them would have strung him along like this because it wouldn't have been worth the effort. The reason why he responded to the origami the way he did is something he'd rather not examine any more closely than he already has.

They took unfair advantage, sure, but took it without knowing the extent of what they were taking. He shouldn't have cared then, shouldn't care now, and so he never mentioned how much it mattered to anyone. His mom knows because of who she is, but like Misha said, they were playing a prank that got out of hand. What made Misha think it had gotten out of hand, Jensen can't begin to guess.

None of it gets him any closer to explaining what happened last night

The water goes cool on his skin, soothing the heat spread across the back of his neck and Jensen lets the water run cold before he reaches back to flick it off. He feels better if slightly sheepish and he has the sudden urge to call Misha and apologize, but he's not sure why. Instead he snags the towel from the rack and puts it to work, wrapping it around his waist once he's done.

As soon as he cracks the bathroom door, he hears Icarus going apeshit in the entryway - high, keening whines paired with a series of sharp, staccato barks. Jensen doesn't bother with pants, electing to knot the towel tighter as he pads quickly down the hall, Icarus' yips rising to a howl. He does bother with the baseball bat in the hall closet. Just in case.

There's nothing in the hallway, nothing in the kitchen or living room as he takes a quick survey, but when he finally arrives, there's also nothing in the foyer either but one very upset pup.

"Ick. Icarus," he says. "Settle."

Outside, something rustles against the bushes and Icarus whines again, the sound of a car door slamming rising clear above the noise. Jensen's seen enough action movies to know that you don't open up right away. It might be a time or motion-sensitive charge. After twenty seconds, he still has all his limbs and Ick's panic has abated to the point he's pawing at the kickplate and panting happily.

Sometimes, Jensen thinks it would be nice to be a dog. So much less complicated.

Still wary, he cracks the front door open. There's a box on the doormat. No note. No explanation. No known owner. It's entirely too early to rule out the whole bomb thing, but Jensen wonders if this might actually be worse. It could be a dead rabbit or a gerbil or a squirrel or who the fuck knows. Weirder shit has happened.

Once he gets it inside and open, Jensen can't decide if the contents are more or less disturbing than a bomb.

Origami. Origami of the crane variety. Ten of them. And a note written in the same sloping, slightly messy handwriting he's pored over endlessly in the last few weeks. Misha's handwriting.

Eye for an eye, Jen. These were never meant for yours, but one truth deserves another.
The game clock ticked down a week ago. I couldn't stop. I'll take every advantage offered, frequently and with gusto, but I didn't take that one.

I'm truly sorry.

-M

In the bottom right corner of the page, two stick figures with disproportionately sized dicks are perpetrating obscene acts upon one another. If Jensen had any doubt about the identity of 'M', those doodles alone are confirmation.

The cranes themselves are a mixed bag of colors, textures, paper conditions. There are two he can tell were folded from script pages, one from a piece of set dressing. The others are done mostly in white with the crisp, careful creases he's come to expect.

Jensen's not sure he's ready for this either, but time can't fix that, so he sits himself down in the spot where Misha sprawled last night and starts to read.

On the first:
Leapt without looking today 
trying to make myself heard. 
Saw your hands fold together
and needed them on my skin.
Watched your brow wrinkle
and wanted to ease the uncertainty
that cut the furrow there.
And I knew, finally, I was lost. 
And the second:
Is there action in attraction? Are lies made true through repetition? 
And the third:
Guilt is not what buys my silence. I want to be sure of myself. And of you, inasmuch as I can be. You don't hold the monopoly on caution, despite what you may think of my disposition. 
He reads through the rest quickly, grateful to have the last missing piece to snap into place. The second time through, Jensen savors, takes time to build the week around the tenor of Misha's words - words he was never supposed to see - and he thinks at last he understands.

Last night wasn't the endgame but a gambit, and the crane in his trailer the catalyst. Both were about Misha owning up to the fact that he was and is also more invested than he should be. It couldn't have been easy, knowing what he'd done, uncertain of Jensen's forgiveness and the quality of his obsession.

Jensen refolds each of the cranes but one and places them back in the box. He rescues its match from the trash even though he feels like a giant fucking girl doing it. It also feels right. They stack together, edge to edge, and Jensen smiles as he slides them back where they belong, on the top shelf of his bookcase.

The last one he lays on the island in the kitchen for later. No matter how many times he's unfolded and refolded these things, he's going to need a pattern.

His mom calls around seven to read him the riot act and promise that she's going shopping for a new son in the morning. Considering what a pain in the ass he's been lately, Jensen figures it's probably fair. She hears the difference in his tone, he's sure of it, but doesn't pry or comment. Jensen thanks his lucky stars for her and the plain fact that she doesn't force him into 'talking about it' unless he needs her to.

Her single, solitary acknowledgement of the change is a, "I'm happy you're happy, baby," tacked on the tail end of their conversation.

When they hang up, there are two texts from Jared in his inbox. The first, sent at 11:30 last night, reads, "Jared: 1. Misha:1. Jensen:-5." Jay likes to gloat. And refer to himself in the third person when he's drunk. The second came in this morning around 10:15, and reads, "Dude. I suck hard. Misha wanted to stop."

For now, it's apology enough to keep Jensen from plotting any Machiavellian-worthy revenge. Eventually, when he's not quite so zen with the world and all its works, there will be hell to pay.

It takes an hour to produce a crane he considers worthy. Unsurprisingly, he was right about needing a reference and if the thing had given him any more shit, he'd have been resigned to some very serious Googling. Turns out the order of folds is important, and when he's not following pre-made ones, it's harder to sequence. In spite of that, the whole process is highly meditative, and he lets himself reexamine the past few weeks as he turns, creases and recreases paper. With distance and knowledge, he can see the progression, each time Misha said more than he was actually saying.

Truth's a tricky thing when you're forced to read between the lines.

Being on set Monday is an extended exercise in abusing his power.

They deserve that much.

Even as he does it, Jensen fully recognizes the childishness of giving them both the silent treatment, but he's always found it more effective than all the sound and fury he can muster. He delivers his lines as written, but beyond that relays any necessary messages through a convenient PA. Cheyenne finds the entire situation hilarious and does her best to hover so she's the one he looks to. In his downtime, Jensen makes a point to talk to other people. Danny goes a little wide-eyed when he strolls up unannounced and starts discussing mics and heads and amps, but eventually relaxes into a full-on verbal flood of brand names and cymbal manufacturers that Jensen can't begin to follow.

Misha appears no less than a dozen times in his periphery, and if Jensen was any less pissed or patient, he'd give in. As it stands, it's a close thing.

Jared catches on about halfway through their day and retaliates by matching tactics. Cheyenne doesn't find having conversations with herself quite as funny, and conveniently relocates herself somewhere outside the line of fire.

When they wrap around 7, Jay raises an eyebrow at him and says, "That's a pretty pathetic pound of flesh, Jen. But I get it." before he stalks off to his trailer.

Misha's still busy with a rare angel-only scene and probably will be for a couple of hours. Aside from some epic jaw clenching, he's been careful all day to allow Jensen his absurdity. It's restraint Jensen appreciates under the circumstances.

The crane that's been riding in his back pocket all day has never felt heavier than in the twenty seconds it takes him to cross the street and sidle into the shadows at the head of the alley where they're filming. He watches Misha work for longer than he should, his easy smile, the spark of mischief always burning just beneath the surface. And Jensen's not sure, but he thinks he should probably be concerned that he recognizes the instant he slips Castiel's skin and becomes himself again.

No matter what comes of this leap, Jensen will always appreciate that.

He leaves the crane perched in the black canvas sling of Misha's chair, trusting him to understand the gesture as the olive branch it is.

Jensen's dozing his way through a UFC bout from two weeks ago when Misha knocks. The clock seems to think it's midnight, but that's damned impossible since he's only been home an hour. Still, he doesn't actually remember who's facing who, so there's a chance he's not the authority on time right now. Icarus yips happily from his perch on the floor, tail thumping even though he's apparently too comfortable to get up and investigate.

"Guess it's up to me to get it," Jensen says. Icarus pants at him, tongue lolling and lays his head back down on his paws. "Lazy ass."

The Misha that Jensen opens the door to is - not lazy. Even after a sixteen hour day and behind the mask of exhaustion that's threatening to slip, this Misha blows the one from Friday night out of the fucking water. Intent and disheveled and Jensen can feel the want spilling off him in waves.

"You lost something," Misha says, palming the crane out of his pocket, holding it out like a gift, a chance for Jensen to take it back if he wants, change his mind.

"No, I didn't," Jensen answers stupidly. The words don't carry the impact he'd like them to seeing as they're the first ones he's spoken directly to Misha since he kicked him out. Sometimes the only choices you have are bad ones. Nonetheless, his heart still thumps hard in his chest, blood rushing in his ears, and he feels suddenly, completely naked beneath the weight of Misha's scrutiny.

It's right, and good and all those other things he refuses to think about in case his forgiveness is undeserved.

For now, he just swings the door wide and steps aside to let Misha in.

FINIT