The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com
Please! Give me your comments. 
This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.  


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 2

I Meet Andy


Back on the road, my thoughts again turned to Uncle Bert and all he and I shared. The
Stevens women were not the only ones we bonked together, for bonking seemed to be
Uncle Bert's favorite past time and it quickly became mine.  In fact, I hated going home at
the end of each summer.  It was like going into a monastery after being with Uncle Bert.  

He and I shared other things, too: trips to Europe; a cruise down the Amazon; Bangkok,
which I still believe is the most honestly named city in the world; and, many more
adventures.  Uncle Bert was always teaching me, demanding of me, guiding me, helping
me grow in every way.  He always did it with love.

Sometime during the drive, I remembered meeting Mary Mathews.  She had been one of
Uncle Bert's women, a special woman really.  I could not remember meeting Andrea.  I
got off I-70 in Vail and found Uncle Bert's house.  The place looked like no one had been
there in a while.  I locked it up, got a cone at Baskins-Robbins in the Crossroads and hit
the road again. At Glenwood Springs, I turned north and drove to his ranch house, one of
three he left me.

The house was cold and lonely, a vast empty space that seemed foreign and
unwelcoming.  I had spent fifteen very wonderful and enriching summers there.  To be
there without him did not seem possible. Since it was cool, even in early June, I built a
fire. It was going to be heavy emotional stress going through all his stuff, giving away his
clothes, and all the things you do after a loved one dies.  I was not looking forward to it.  

I puttered some before I remembered his instructions in the note the lawyer gave me. 
When I called the number, a woman answered. 

"This is David Wilson. May I speak to Andy, please?"  

"Where are you?" she replied. 

"At my Uncle's house." 

"Stay there. Do not leave."  

She hung up.  Strange. It was so curt and impolite.  I wondered who the hell Andy was. 

I got a beer from the frig and started to rummage through the big desk, looking for things
that may be important.  

I never heard the door open. 

"I have a gun. Do not move."  I froze. It was a woman's voice. 

"Look . . . " I said.  

"Shut up!  You should know I am a crack shot. I have a Colt .38 Police Special.  I could
take off your left nut without making the right one quiver." 

I grabbed my balls and whimpered involuntarily, thinking of one of my beloved little
jewels being blown away.  I decided to be very obedient until I figured out what was going
on.

"I have money if you want it."  There was no answer.  "What do you want?"  Still, no
answer. I started to turn.  I heard the gun being cocked. The hammer being opened and
locked in a revolver is a very distinctive sound that is never forgotten. I froze again.  I felt
something being placed on my shoulder.

"That is a blindfold. Put it on securely, so you can see nothing."  I complied with this
unknown assailant. 

She said, "I will ask questions.  You will answer them quickly and honestly. 
Understand?"  

"Yes." 

"Who are you?"  

"David Wilson . . .   David Bertram Wilson." 

She began asking a series of personal questions: age, birth place, social security
number, relatives, and so on.   

"Give me the full name, date of birth and social security number of Bert."  It was a strange
question. I thought back two summers when Uncle Bert made me memorize that
information. Then, she asked questions that dealt with Bert and me as if she had been
prompted by him to seek information only I would know.

Sometime during this interrogation, I realized her voice was no longer the harsh,
demanding sound I heard when she first came in.  It was a soft, sexy, teasing woman's
voice. 

"Walk to the wall," the voice ordered.  Of course, I did.  

"Now, strip." 

"What!"  

"Do it!" she yelled. I did it.  

"Now, the boxers!"  Down they went. 

"Lean against the wall and spread them!"  

I heard her walk up behind me. I felt the cold gun barrel in my back. Then, I felt soft
female fingers and the scraping of her nails on the cheek of my bare ass. That made my
cock twitch in spite of the situation.  She was obviously looking at my tattoo.  That was
something else Uncle Bert and I did together. 

We had been in Denver, getting supplies and taking in a couple of Rockies games. We
got plastered one night, went to his favorite whore house and then, got our asses
tattooed. His was a skull and cross bones; mine was a rose.  

"Cute butt," she said as she stood up. I heard her step back a few feet. 

"OK. I believe you are David. Follow the rest of my instructions and I will release you
unharmed.  Walk back to the desk, lay down on the floor face up."  

I did.  I felt something cold and hard hitting my stomach. 

"Those are handcuffs. Put them on your wrists attaching yourself to the table leg."  

Now, this was crazy . . .  but, I was beginning to believe it was crazy good, not crazy bad. 
I felt around and found the leg. I attached myself, table leg between my arms.  I felt her
hand on my ankle, then, the locking of a cuff around it. Quickly, my legs were cuffed
together. My prick was that half hard state it gets when your mind is not sure what is
going on.  It was totally quiet. 

Then, I felt her mouth on the end of my cock. She was sucking the cock head, her tongue
flicking like a snake's against the eye. Suddenly, she swallowed me . . .  deep throated . .
.  in to the balls.  I felt her throat muscles massage the head of my cock and her tongue
active on the shaft. As quickly, she was gone, leaving my cock suddenly cold from the
air.

"No," I whimpered.  Her tongue was in my mouth, a long, hard demanding kiss, her lips
soft, her breath hot. When she broke it, I gasped, "What are you doing?"  She giggled, a
soft, sexy sound like bells ringing . . .  not church bells . . .  brothel bells, if you know what
I mean.

"I am going to fuck you until you cannot walk.  I am going to take my time, enjoying every
minute, every touch, every sigh, every twitch of your cock as I bury it somewhere in my
body.  I am in no hurry. And, you obviously are going nowhere."  

"Who are you?"  

"I am the woman of your dreams, the woman who loves you without hesitation or
restriction, the women who will do anything for you, will bear your children and devote
her life to making you the happiest man in the world."  

"What is your name?"  

"No more questions now," she cooed as her fingers scraped my balls. 

I heard a zipper and sounds of clothes being removed.  

"You have a magnificent cock," she said.  

"Thank you," I replied. 

"Oh, no. Thank you!" she murmured as she lay down on top of me, trapping my cock
between her thighs.  I felt large, soft breasts against my chest, the nipples hot and hard,
like little diamonds against me. She snuggled, her head in the crook of my neck, her
breath soft against my skin. 

"Would you like to touch me, to feel my breasts, squeeze them, make me whimper in my
desire?"

"Yes," I croaked. 

"Would you like to fuck me, burying that huge cock in my pussy, filling me with your
cum?"  

Migod, her voice was sexy and hot.  "Yes," I moaned envisioning doing just that.  

"Later," she giggled as she tongued my ear. It was not really a year. It just seemed that
long as she touched me, caressed me, squirmed her delicious body against mine, letting
me feel her softness, her heat. She began kissing me, her tongue and lips teasing me.
Finally, she took me in her mouth again.  I was so hard I was in agony. I felt my orgasm
starting. She felt it, too, pulled her mouth away and squeezed my balls to stop it.

"Please, don't torture me," I moaned.  

She lay beside me, my cock in her hand as she suckled my nipple. She was quick,
slamming her cunt into my face.  She was running like a faucet. She mashed her pussy
into me, covering my face with her juice, then she was gone. 

"What happened? Where are you?" I gasped.  There was no noise, no movement. 

"Where are you?" I called loudly, thinking she might have left me. 

She sucked my big toe into her mouth. I felt her nails on my souls, tickling lightly. I tried
to pull away but she increased the pressure. I yanked my leg.  

"Ouch!" I cried as she slapped my thigh hard. 

"Be still!" she demanded, "Or, I will walk away and leave you here."  

"Don't do that!"  

"You would not like that, would you?  To be left, bound and hard, not being allowed to
cum. Not knowing what I look like.  Not being able to put your hands on me.  Who am I,
David Bertram Wilson? Who is this woman who has bound you? Is teasing you?"  

Silence again with only the pounding of my heart audible to me.  My cock was twitching. 
My balls ached.  My mind was reeling with desire, with fantasies as my cock stayed rock
hard. I felt her mouth on the head again.  She licked down my cock to my balls which she
took in her mouth.  She began to hum. The vibrations were more than I could stand.

"Look, bitch! I want to cum and I want to cum now!"  

You might think this was a strange way for a bound man to talk to his gun totting captor
but my nuts ached really badly. 

"Why didn't you say so?" she whispered.  I felt her legs cross mine.  She buried my cock
in her cunt. Her hips did not move. She leaned forward, brushing her breasts against my
lips as her internal pussy muscles massaged my cock as if it were a fist.  I began to
quiver.

"Give me your cum, Davy. Fill me with your spunk. God, I love your cock in me. Now!
Come on! Do it, you sonofabitch! Fuck me!"  

I screamed as my pump went off blowing my load deep in her. She milked me as I had
the strongest orgasm of my life. I felt her collapse on me, breathing hot and heavy as I
was.  Our skin was sweaty, the odors that strong wonderful smell of sex.

"Feel better?" she asked.  

"Yes."  

"Good. I want you to feel good, baby." She moved up, her pussy over my stomach. I felt
our juices fall, hot and sticky, from her burning pussy to my skin. She moved again to
begin licking the juices up. 

"I love eating your cum," she said as she lapped away.  After cleaning me with her
tongue, she asked, "Want me to release you or may I continue?"  

"I want to continue but I would like to see you, to hold you."  

"I would like that, too."  She unlocked the handcuffs. I sat up and removed the blindfold.

I could not believe what I saw.   She looked like Kim Bassinger with the full lips and long
blonde hair. She had an erotic smile and a devilish twinkle in her blue eyes. From the
neck down she looked like Jenny McCarthy wished she looked. She stared at my rising
prick.  

"Well, I think you like what you see. Let me stand where you can get a better look."

Without shame or hesitation, she turned and posed, not covering herself, enjoying my
open admiration of her assets. 

"35D - 23 - 36, 5'5", 117 pounds, 18 years old.  Any other questions?"  

"Yes. What is your name?"  

"Oh, I am sorry.  I am Andy . . .  Andrea Mathews, at your service . . . but, then you knew
that."  

"Walk around. I want to enjoy you."

How can I describe perfection: huge, blue eyes, with a soft but devilish twinkle; long
blonde hair, lush and full; huge, high, firm, round breasts with large nipples in a rose
hue; a tiny waist; a jutting, aggressive, very strokable ass like Goldie Hawn; and legs . . . 
god, her legs were unbelievable. Even more than the physical was the mental part: she
seemed very, very happy to make me happy. 

"We have two important things to accomplish tonight, David," she said. "I really haven't
made love to you yet. I want to do that, and, I have a message to you from Uncle Bert.
Which do you want first?"

This part you will not believe, but, remember, I just had the orgasm of my life.  

I said, "Maybe I better hear the message first."  

"Don't you like me?" she said, acting hurt. 

"I think you are great but . . . " 

She kissed me again.  She jammed her whole body against mine and shoved her tongue
down my throat. My cock spoke for me, rising to the occasion. She trapped it between
her thighs. I changed my mind, allowing her to lead me to the master bedroom.  

"Why are you doing this?" 

"I told you . . .  I love you, Davy."  

"Why do you love me?"   

"You will find out later. Come join me, please, Davy," she said as she lay back on the
bed. 

Andy was strong, muscular, probably from skiing all winter and hiking all summer. She
had the most unbelievable ass which jutted out, demanding to be caressed. Her breasts
were high, firm, ripe, the nipples pink, but turning to a dusty rose when desire made them
blood engorged. Her breasts were sensitive to my mouth and she whimpered when I
sucked them.  As I told you, I love pussy. I mean really love it. I like to fuck it, eat it, look at
it, play with it, stick my tongue in it to enjoy the taste, and, stick my nose in it and enjoy
the smells. I like to go to sleep with the odor of pussy under my nose. 

I am an expert on pussy. I state unequivocally this was the best pussy I had ever
encountered. 

She lay back, spreading her long blonde hair around her like golden straw. I started
kissing, suckling. She was active, positive, happy, giving as good as she got. 

Finally, she said, "Please, Davy. I can't stand it anymore. Put that monster in my hot
pussy. Slam my slit with your rod, stud. Fuck me so good. Oh, yes, baby, oh yes, fuck
me . . .  huh, huh, oh, Jesus that feels so good. Now! HarDER!  HARDER! SHIT DAVY! 
DON'T EVER STOP . . .  GOD... DON'T STOP!  PLEASE... MORE... YES! YES! FILL
MY PUSSY WITH YOUR HOT CUM YOU FUCKING SONOFABITCH!!  FUCK
MEEE!!!... YESSSSS! I'M CUMMMMMMINGGGG" 

She started to shriek like an owl caught in a net.  I felt her legs lock down, wrapped
around me, holding me in a vise, her arms crushing me.  Her pussy was like a fist
wrapped around my cock, pumping the cum out of me and into her. She was covered in
sweat, gasping, her back arching up and down. She giggled and started relaxing, floating
in her afterglow.  I lay on her, getting my breath back. I felt her shiver. 

"Wow," she whispered. 

My thoughts exactly.

She held my head between her beautiful delicate hands, looking into my face. 

"Want to do it again?" she asked sexily.  

"I don't know if I can right now," I replied, knowing it took a few minutes to recover. 

"Watch," she said. She rolled me over and moved so her pussy was over my stomach. I
felt her thighs contract and relax as she squeezed my cum onto my stomach. 

"Remember? I love swallowing your cum," she said, lowering her mouth to tongue our
juices noisily, slurping them down. Then, she slid down and took my cock in her mouth. I
was hard faster that I could believe. She said, "My turn on top" as she eased me into her
hot wetness. She moved slowly, massaging my hardness with using the internal muscles
of her pussy. Her face was passion as she watched me. I played with those luscious
breasts, her delightful ass, letting her do all the work of our fucking.  Suddenly, her eyes
glazed. She growled from deep down in her throat like a tigress. I felt her movement
accelerate. 

She started talking again, then screaming for me to fuck her, loud, demanding pleadings
of her need. Everyone within a mile knew when she came.  I fell asleep under a down
comforter with one girl power for warmth. I slept like a baby.

To be continued

Please! Give me your comments.
