Comments, critiques and tips are welcome.

"Why are you here?" He said, his voice low but really cold. "Tell me, what are you doing here?" He yelled.
Travis stared at him without even feeling any form of fear. He rather just got angry. "I forgot my phone, that's why I came back." He said softly.
"We aren't together, remember?" He said hoarsely, his fists clenching while he stared at Travis like he wanted to punch him. "There's no affiliation." He yelled, stamping his foot on the ground. "You've already left this house. Why did you return? Answer me!" He snapped, pointing his finger angrily at the beautiful boy. "Granny considers you to be an angel.
I don't want to insult you in her presence. She believes that you..." He paused and gave a mocking chuckle. "...you are her savior. You can heal her! But she has no idea that you weren't there for your family, the people that loved and that you are nothing but a cheater, a betrayer and a whore!"
"Watch what you say to me!" Travis snapped, giving the guy the angriest look he'd ever given anyone. He was staring at him like he wanted to slap him. The guy was shocked, totally shocked. "I am not who you think I am. I didn't come to get anything from you or your family." He warned. "I am not interested in knowing what you think of me and how bad it is." He paused and got serious. "I came here since granny is unwell. Believe me, I don't want to come anywhere near you!" Then he laughed in mock, getting even closer. "I guess I am unlucky. I can't help seeing you!"
"I am the unlucky one!" He yelled, his voice filling the entire house. "My grandmother believes you'll heal her but..." He pointed angrily at Travis. "I won't let you anywhere near her. I'll take care of her, personally!"
"Really?" Travis laughed. "Will you take care of her?" He folded his arms on his chest. "You can't even take care of yourself. How can you tend to your grandmother or anyone else?"
He was shocked. He couldn't believe what he'd just heard from someone was so quiet in the past. It was all so difficult for him to accept. He furiously walked closer and pointed his shaky finger in Travis' face.
"Do you want to prove that I am useless and you're perfect? That I can't handle anything? I can't even take care of my own grandmother?" He was upset that his breaths sounded like a breathing monster in a cave. "My blood boils whenever I see you!"
"Your blood boils due to what you did!" Travis enraged, folding his arms. "Don't blame others and make yourself right! You were a bad son, a bad brother and certainly not..." He paused, rolling his eyes. He couldn't say what he wanted to say. "You probably never wanted to be a good person. Whenever anything good comes to you... you drive it away and run away from it.
Your grandmother said so to you today. You can't take care of her. You're just the same man you were years ago. Your ego and arrogance has continued to persist. How can you take care of your grandmother?" He asked, his voice rising. "I won't allow granny to stay like that. I will ensure that she is back to being self-reliant and she won't stay here until I can do that." He said in a harsh tone surprising the guy. "I will take her to my house, find the nurses for her and make sure that she is healed."
Travis started going in but the guy blocked him.
"She won't..."
"Stop me if you dare!" Travis warned, breathing sharply. Then he got even closer. "If you don't let me take her, I will sue you for criminal negligence."
He looked at Travis, raising his finger while tears of anger formed in his eyes. He was so mad. "You'll regret this, Travis!"
"I'm already regretting so many things right now." Travis said hoarsely.
He then rudely pushed the guy out of the way and entered, feeling a cool breeze hit him in the face. This was so much...

Wanna find out what's going on? Catch the premier of this epic tale.
A story of two lives, who feel nothing but hatred for each other.
Two lives with a past will collide in a world filled with lies, deceit, danger and revenge. A story that will capture your souls and drive you insane with passion.
Circumstances change two lovers that made them enemies, developing a hatred for each other but with other circumstances bringing them closer, will they succumb or is their hatred for each other more powerful than the love they shared?
With Travis seeking revenge and justice for a did that almost destroyed his life, is there still any love left for a man he passionately loved in the past or has his heart turned dark? What happens when fuel is added to a fire that already ignited years back? Is there any hope for these lovers turned enemies?
Find out on the grand premier of, 'Raging Love,' coming your way very soon.

Vanalas presents...
An original piece like no other...
A story like no other...
Characters that you'll fall in love with...
A vanalas production...
A story of destiny, deceit, love and revenge.
How far can a wronged heart go to get the truth out of everyone?
Can love soothe the suffering of a heart filled with evil?
Don't miss the grand premier of this epic tale.
Raging love, coming soon...
Feel the passion...