Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 3: The BBQ  Daddy Lands the Job?

Henry sat on the couch, nervous beyond belief, as he watched his young daughter run crazily around the house. They had a little time as they didnt have to be at Thompsons house for another hour. He didnt even remember yesterday as he was only thinking of what questions the board of directors could ask him today. He had never been so nervous on a job interview but then he had never been in the running for a job like this. He did do a little more research on the company yesterday and they led the world in sales in their market. These guys were big time and he was so close to getting in with them and fixing all the problems he and Madison had been fighting for two years. He smiled as he saw her scurry across the kitchen, saying something he could not hear.

Madison was in a tizzy, she had no idea why, but she was very nervous about today. She had done good on Friday and Mr. Thompson and Katie had seemed nice, so she wasnt sure why she was feeling so strange. Maybe because she thought that it was possible that daddys job relied on her. Well, that was what her young brain was telling her as she wondered what shirt to wear. She had spent an hour figuring out what bathing suit, she decided on the red bikini. It was small but very tasteful, as far as bathing suits went. The top covered her boobs well, but she liked the way the tops of her breasts popped out a little. The suit allowed the slight swell of her chest to be visible. The bottoms were pretty snug on her butt, but they covered her and didnt slide between her cheeks. She hated that and most of her suits were doing that now that she was filling out a little. She could see a shopping trip in her future but for now the red one worked fine, anyway Mr. Thompson seemed to like her butt so he would be happy seeing it in this suit. She was happy she had something to help daddy with, she figured the wives would have much prettier suits and much bigger boobs. She would have to be extra nice to make up the difference.

Henry saw her walk into the room, and he thought she looked precious. Her hair was curled again and hung over her shoulders. Her shirt was one of her white school shirts, but she had tied the bottom, so the knot landed a couple of inches above her jean shorts. Her tight belly was peeking out between the shirt and the shorts. He looked at her chest and she had a couple of the buttons open, so her upper chest was visible. He could see the red of her bathing suit top as it peeked out from the opening. His eyes lowered to her shorts; they were small but looked great on her little body. Her thighs were strong and made the jean material snug. Her sneakers and little socks completed the innocent schoolgirl look and made him smile.

Sweetheart, you look cute as a button. He said and he saw her face light up.

Thank you, daddy, are you sure this is ok? She said and twirled.

He marveled at how the jean shorts framed her young butt so perfectly. Her thighs were very developed with all her running, but they did not touch, creating a glorious gap between her legs. He had no idea why he found that so intriguing. He tried to clear his brain to answer his daughter.

Baby, that is fine, they said it was casual. You look great. Henry said and stood.

She smiled and followed her daddy to the car. They talked non-stop about how excited he was, and he told her all the things he had found out about the company. She felt his passion and felt herself getting a little excited about what this job would mean to them. They pulled into a circular driveway in front of what she thought was a mansion. The house was huge, and she wondered how many people lived there.

They rang the doorbell and waited for a few seconds before the door flew open and they saw Katie smiling at them. She was even prettier than the other night. Her hair was gorgeous and straight and was very long. She was wearing a sleeveless shirt with the top few buttons open; Madison could see quite a bit of the tops of her nice boobs in a blue bikini top. Her legs looked really long as she was wearing a small skirt that came to the middle of her thighs. She had no shoes and her bare feet somehow made her look even better. Madison barely was able to finish looking at her before her head was again between those soft boobs. Katie hugged her tight.

Henry, welcome to our home. We are so glad to have you here. Katie said, holding Madison tight to her chest.

Thank you, Katie, we are happy to be here. Thank you so much for having us. Henry said.

Katie smiled at him and then pulled Madison away from her chest, holding onto her shoulders. She leaned toward Henry and whispered.

I am so pulling for you Henry. Katie said and then leaned down and kissed Madison softly on the lips.

Welcome sweet girl, you guys come in. Katie said and grabbed Madison by the hand.

Madison was pulled into the house with Henry behind. She looked around and the house was amazing. It was huge and looked like a museum. She saw lots of people standing around talking and then she saw Mr. Thompson walking over.

Henry, Madison, welcome to our home. Mr. Thompson said and shook Henrys hand.

Madison looked up at the man and he was smiling down at her. He was in a Hawaiian shirt with shorts and flip flops. His tan was very obvious as her eyes took in all of the exposed skin. Katie was still holding her hand as Mr. Thompson looked down at her.

Katie, I guess you have her first. Mr. Thompson said and laughed.

Katie smiled and hugged Madison. Madison felt the warmth of her skin as she was pulled next to her.

I am going to introduce Henry to his competition and a couple of the board members. Jackson and Smith are in the hot tub, why dont you take Madison out and introduce her around? We will join you once we make the rounds in here. Mr. Thompson said.

Sounds like a plan. Katie said as she was dragging Madison out of the house.

Madison felt the sun hit her as they stepped out on the deck. The back yard was fabulous, there was a massive pool with a water slide that looked like it came right out of a huge rock pile. There were people splashing and laughing in the beautiful water. She looked around and noticed a big Tiki hut to her left with a bar and a lot of people sitting around talking. There were lots of people also just lying in chairs and lounges around the pool. It looked like a resort; she had never seen anything like it.

Katie was walking through all of the crowd with her in tow. They ended up down at the pool level and then walked up a few steps to a small deck with a hot tub right in the middle. There were two men in the water, leaning against the side and talking. They were both older, with gray hair on their head and their exposed chests. They looked older than Mr. Thompson, one was black, and one was white.

Hello Katie, what do you have there? The black man asked.

Herb Jackson stared at the little girl holding Katies hand. She was a walking wet dream for an old fuck like him. How old could she be? She had the schoolgirl thing going on big time. He felt his cock start to harden just looking at the little hottie.

Herb, this is Madison, her daddy is Henry, he is one of the finalists for the sales position. Katie said, moving Madison in front of her.

Well, hello Madison, you are a pretty little thing. It is always nice to have young people around us old guys, keeps us young. Herb said and laughed.

Madison smiled at the man, he seemed really nice.

You guys join us, the waters great. The other man said.

John Smith tried to stay calm as he looked at the tied white shirt and those little jean shorts. Her legs were incredible, but the face was flawless. He wondered if he had ever seen anything cuter.

That sounds like a great idea, Madison, this is John, we tease him a lot because he has such a unique name and all. Katie said and giggled.

Hello, Mr. John and Mr. Herb. Nice to meet you. Madison said.

Katie, she is precious. John said and Madison smiled.

Madison, Mr. Jackson and Mr. Smith are on the board of directors that will be making the final decision on the new salesman. We have to be super nice to them and answer all their questions so they will agree to hire your daddy. Katie said and hugged Madison.

Ok, I can do that. What do you want to know about my daddy? Madison said, excited to be able to help.

Thank you, sweetheart, now you two get in here and we can talk. Mr. Jackson said.

Katie reached around from behind and started to unbutton Madisons shirt and she flinched.

Relax sweetie, I will take care of this. Katie whispered in her ear and continued to unbutton. She was happy Katie was there to help.

Madison felt her shirt opening and the two men were staring as her chest and tummy were slowly exposed. She felt a little like she was on display, but she had to admit it was exciting to see their eyes light up as more of her skin was exposed. Katie finished with the buttons and untied the bottom of her shirt and slid it off her shoulders, her red bikini top coming into view. She heard the men take deep breaths and she felt a little tingle and felt a little nervous. She looked around and realized she was being silly, everyone was wearing swimsuits, most of them way more scandalous than hers. She had to be strong for daddy. She took a deep breath and then she heard a zipper.

Herb Jackson felt his cock harden completely as he watched Katie slowly unzip the young girls shorts. Why was this so fucking hot? He watched Katie open the flap and he saw a peek of red and then he watched closely as the small piece of denim slid slowly down those young legs. God damn this little one was hot as fuck! She stepped out of her shorts and his eyes looked over the small package of hotness standing in front of him.

Katie, you look like you are opening a Christmas present. Herb said.

Yeah, it kinda feels like that. Do you guys like my present? Katie said and knelt down to remove her shoes.

Very much, very much. John said as he watched Katie slide the girls shoes and socks off and now he saw her sexy little feet.

Katie stripped off her shirt and then dropped her skirt to the ground, exposing a blue bikini that looked to be struggling to contain her abundant charms. The two guys stared hungrily at the two very pretty girls in front of them, each exciting but so incredibly different. Katie grabbed her hand and they stepped into the water. Katie slid onto the seat and pulled Madison in after her. She pulled Madison onto her lap and wrapped her arms around her flat tummy.

Isnt she incredible? Dont you just want to eat her up? Katie said and Madison felt warm lips on her neck as Katie kissed and nibbled.

Madison felt tingles as Katie kissed on her neck. She tried to stay calm, but it felt really good.

So, Madison, tell me about your daddy. Mr. Smith said as he watched Katie nibble on the young girls neck.

He is really smart, and he has tried so hard to take care of us since my Mom left. Madison said.

She felt Katies arm move up and caress her boob. She flinched a little, but the kissing and caressing continued, and Madison struggled to stay serious and keep from reacting. She looked at the men.

When did your Mom leave? Mr. Jackson asked and saw Katie move her other hand to cover the other boob.

She left two years ago. Madison said, her firm breasts being massaged by Katie. No one had ever done that to her, but she stayed strong even though she felt her nipples getting hard.

I am so sorry baby girl, that must be hard. Mr. Smith said and smiled as he was memorized by the nipples popping out of the red material on this heavenly creature.

Katie squeezed the young breasts, loving the firmness but also the soft feel as she pushed them together. She looked over and saw most of Madisons boobs popping out of the small top. Madison looked over and noticed a girl, well, a woman as she was much older than her, toss her bikini top on a lounge and jump into the pool, her bare breasts bouncing. She saw other women laughing and some of them had also removed their tops. She figured that was ok at grownup parties like this. This was definitely not like the swim parties with her friends.

Madison, you ok? Mr. Jackson asked.

Madison realized she had been watching the people at the pool and not listening to the men.

I am so sorry, Mr. Herb, there is just so much going on around here. Madison said.

Mr. Jackson looked over at the pool and looked back to her. He loved the way Katies hands were squeezing those perfect little boobs.

Yeah, Thompsons parties sometimes get a little wild. Good thing you are up here with us where it is calm. He said and touched her soft knee under the water.

Madison felt her top loosen and realized Katie was pulling on the string in the front of her top that held it together. She was relieved she had seen the other women take off their tops or she would have been nervous. She could still feel her body flinch a little. Jackson slid his hand up and down her leg to caress her calf as her top loosened.

Relax baby, it will be fine. No one can see us up here. Katie said and kissed Madisons neck again.

Madison looked around and then back at the men. They were looking at her and smiling. She was trying to stay calm; these men could help her daddy get this job and make him very happy, but no one had ever seen her breasts and while the grownup ladies seemed to have no problem it still made her feel a little weird. They were still staring at her and she looked around again. Katie was right, no one else could see up to the deck and especially since they were down in the water. She felt her top separate and the two men were now looking at her young breasts. Katie rubbed lightly over them and then ran her hands under them, lifting as if to present them to the men. She then lowered her hands over the tight stomach, leaving Madisons young boobs bare in front of the two older men.

So, Madison, tell me about your school. What grade are you in? Mr. Smith asked as he took her small foot in his hands, but his eyes were locked onto the firm boobs in front of him.

Madison felt funny that he was talking to her so calmly as he looked at her bare chest. She took a deep breath and tried to stay calm. She looked at him and saw complete sincerity and adoration.

I am in the 9th grade. She said.

John Smith tried not to gasp as she told them she was a fucking freshman in high school and with tits like that. No one had tits like this when he was a freshman.

Wow, I would have guessed you were a junior or senior, you are very mature. Mr. Smith said, rubbing her small foot.

Madison felt a little pride that they thought she was so much older. She had to admit it felt good as the guys were touching her legs and rubbing her feet. She took another deep breath and thought of her daddy.

Thank you, sir. She answered.

You are welcome, sweetheart. You are precious and your daddy is lucky to have you. Mr. Smith said.

Madison felt the pride rise in her chest as she sat in the hot tub. It seemed so surreal to her, Katie was nibbling and kissing on her neck and these two older men were staring at her bare boobs and running their hands over her legs and feet. She felt very grown up and she knew she was helping her daddy.

Katie, you were not supposed to completely unwrap our present already. Madison flinched as she heard Mr. Thompsons voice.

Madison put her hands over her boobs as she turned to look at him. He was smiling down at her, but she thought he looked a little mad.

Now put her top back on. Mr. Thompson said sternly.

Katie got a pout on her face and tied the top back together. Mr. Thompson was holding out his hand.

Now sweetie, come with me. I want you to meet the rest of the board, now that you have made an impression on these two knuckleheads. Mr. Thompson said.

Madison took his hand and stepped up out of the hot tub. The two men could not help but notice the perfect ass as the water dripped off of her tight body. They felt their cocks lurch as they watched her stand next to Thompson.

Boys, I hope you enjoyed meeting little Madison. Mr. Thompson said as he held her hand.

Yes, Brad, we did. She is lovely. Thank you for putting this event together. Mr. Jackson said.

Not a problem, I will introduce you to Henry a little later when you finish soaking. Mr. Thompson said with a chuckle as he saw Katie slide onto the lap of Herb Jackson. He figured Herb would be sliding his huge cock into her and Smith was already rubbing on those long legs under the water. He felt his own cock harden slightly and then he heard a small voice.

Mr. Thompson, I am still wet. Madison said as she reached for her clothes.

Sweetie, pretty much everyone out here is wet. You will dry pretty quickly. He said and smiled at her.

Madison slid her shorts up her legs and adjusted them. She felt a little weird having her wet bottoms on underneath. She slipped her shirt on and tied it on the bottom. She picked up her shoes and looked up at him. Mr. Thompson was still smiling at her.

You can leave your shoes here sweetie, we can come get them later. Thompson said as he looked at those cute bare feet.

Jackson picked up Katie slightly and slid his hard, black cock deep into the young temptress. He held her on his lap as he watched the little vixen put her clothes on over her wet suit. God, she was a fucking smoking little package. He watched her follow Brad and wondered what that little body would feel like bouncing on his cock. He drove his cock deep and heard Katie moan. He reached over and yanked her top up and let her gorgeous tits free.

John Smith stared at a tight ass wrapped in small jean shorts. He leaned over and sucked a perfect nipple into his mouth. Madison felt a shiver as she looked back and saw Katies beautiful boobs bounce free and Mr. Smith start to suck on her nipple. She wondered what that felt like?

Mr. Thompson turned and started to walk, pulling Madison along. Herb and John watched them walk away, the firm little ass moving perfectly behind the small jean shorts.

Mr. Smith slid his hands over Katies huge tits. Katie closed her eyes and leaned back into Herb as he pumped his cock into her. She took a deep breath and let the guys take over. Her body was literally vibrating after holding Madison and it wouldnt take much more to push her over the edge.

Madison felt a little funny walking through all the older people in her wet clothes. There were a lot of people on the deck and all of the women were wearing way more clothes than her. She tried to focus on slowing down her breath and following Mr. Thompson. He led her to a group of three guys. They looked a lot like Mr. Jackson and Mr. Smith, they were older, but they were dressed very nice. They looked like they were really rich, and she felt small again as they looked down at her.

Thompson, who do we have here? She is a pretty little thing. One of the men said as he looked at her cleavage peeking over the top of her bikini behind the open shirt, the tiny jean shorts, and the cute bare feet.

Yes, gentlemen, this is Madison. Her daddy is Henry, and he is in the finals for our sales position. Madison, this is Mr. Thomas, Mr. Jones, and Mr. Kinkle. You have already met Jackson and Smith; these guys are the rest of the board of directors and will be approving the final choice for the sales position. Mr. Thompson said.

Madison shook hands with each of them, trying to act grownup but feeling funny being so tiny compared to them and feeling her wet clothes on her body, she could still feel water dripping down her legs. The men each looked down at the little package in front of them and fought to keep their cocks from jumping right out of their pants. Madison answered their questions and they all seemed pleased to meet her. She was feeling like she was doing good. She felt a touch on her shoulder and looked up to see her daddy. She felt a huge relief and wrapped her arm around him.

Welcome Henry, we were getting to know your sweet daughter. She is precious. One of the men said.

Thank you, sir, she has been a great help to me, and I am very proud of her. Henry said and hugged her.

Madison felt wonderful as her daddys words ran right through her heart. She stood tall and felt very confident that together they would be able to do this.

The men watched the young girl change as her daddy talked about her. For some reason that made her even more attractive, not that the hot little body wrapped in that red bikini and shorts had not already done enough in that category.

The men continued to talk to her daddy and Mr. Thompson as she stood there and tried to smile when they looked at her. She felt a little weird standing in the middle of the room of important people in her bikini top and her wet shorts. She looked around and no one else was in their swimsuit or even dressed casually. The room was full of older people talking and laughing. She noticed as she looked around that she caught the eyes of most of the men. She felt a little embarrassed now that she knew she was basically on display. She looked back to the group and they were shaking her daddys hand and they all walked away.

Sweetheart, are you hungry? Why are your clothes wet? Henry said.

Yes, daddy, I am really hungry, I was in the hot tub for a minute with Katie. Madison responded.

Ok, lets go see what they have to eat. Henry said and took his daughters hand.

The room went silent as the small girl was led through. Eyes focused on her firm breasts pushing against her top and her tight ass wrapped in those shorts. Her legs and thighs gathered almost as much attention. Madison would have been a little surprised at all of the dark thoughts and desires flying through the various heads as she walked towards the sliding door.

They worked their way to the food table and Madison loved all the wonderful things they had. She could not decide on her favorite, she had never seen a spread like this before.

The next hour or so was her and her daddy making the rounds and meeting many people. She could not remember many of them, but she smiled at them all and tried to join in the conversations. The party looked like it was winding down and people were starting to leave. Mr. Thompson walked up.

Henry, I want you to meet a couple more people. Follow me. He said and they followed.

Madison saw a group of people standing and talking. She recognized the five guys she had met that were the board. The two guys from the hot tub smiled at her and she blushed. She remembered sitting and talking to them without her top in the hot tub. There were two other couples that she had not met.

Guys, you all remember Henry and Madison. Mr. Thompson said to the group.

Henry, I need to introduce to the other two people vying for the sales position. This is John Brown and his wife Beth. Mr. Thompson said, and Madison looked at the couple as her daddy shook the mans hand.

The man was older than her daddy, he was dressed very nice. The woman next to him looked older than him but Madison was really bad at guessing ages. She had on a nice long dress and her hair was up in a bun. Her face was nice enough and her smile was pretty. Madison saw the lady look up and down her body and then look away.

This is my daughter Madison. She heard her daddy say and then she shook hands with the man and his wife.

Henry, this is Frank Johnson and his wife Tammy. Mr. Thompson said, and her daddy was shaking the hands of two more people.

The man, Frank, was older than her daddy but not as much. He had brown hair and he was very good looking. He smiled at her and shook her hand softly. His wife, Tammy, was younger than him. Madison thought she was maybe a little older than Katie but younger than most of the other people in the room. She was also cute as a button; she was wearing a nice blue dress that looked really soft. It wrapped around her abundant chest and fell around the middle of her thighs. Her legs were very nice. She shook Madisons hand and smiled sweetly.

Mr. Thompson started explaining when things were going to happen. She looked around and the board members were silent but looking at her a lot. She noticed they were looking at Tammy a lot as well, but they did not seem to look at Beth as often. She looked at Beth and Tammy and realized again that she was taking the place of her mother, standing next to her daddy in this conversation. She suddenly felt nervous and really small again.

So, we will be in touch with you all tomorrow with our decision. Thank you all for coming and I hope you had fun. Madison heard Mr. Thompson speaking.

She watched the other two couples shake hands and leave and then her daddy was talking to Mr. Thompson. Madison suddenly felt hands on her shoulders and then felt Katies soft boobs wrap around the back of her head.

Honey, can we keep her? Madison heard Katie say over her head as she hugged her from behind.

Actually, that is what Henry and I are discussing. Mr. Thompson said, and Madison looked up.

I was asking Henry how he would handle as much travel that would be involved in the beginning. I told him we would be happy to have Madison with us if he needed help. Mr. Thompson said, and Katie squealed.

Honey, would that be ok with you? Henry asked her.

Madison looked at her daddys face and then Mr. Thompson. She realized this might be a crucial question for her daddy and his chances for this job. Would she be ok staying in the house with Katie and her husband? What could possibly happen? She looked at Mr. Thompson, his face was smiling, and his eyes were sparkling. She took a slow deep breath and tried to stand up straight and tall.

Sure daddy, it would be fun. Madison responded sweetly and her daddy got a big smile on his face.

See there, Henry, problem solved. I will be talking to the board this evening and we will let you know tomorrow. Mr. Thompson said and shook her daddys hand.

Katie turned her around and pulled her head between those huge breasts again. She pulled her back and knelt down, looking her right in the eyes.

You are the sweetest thing I have seen in a long time and I am hoping desperately we will see each other again very soon. Katie said and kissed Madison softly on the lips again, holding the contact a little longer than before and pulling back slowly.

Madison felt a tingle as Katie kissed her. It was the best kiss she had ever experienced, well, the only competition was the peck that Johnny Huffle gave her in that game of truth or dare a couple of months ago at Samanthas house. Yes, this kiss was way better than that. She looked into Katies pretty blue eyes.

She felt a hand on her shoulder, and she turned to see her daddy. Katie ran her hands down and grabbed Madisons hand as she turned. Mr. Thompson was looking at her.

Mr. Thompson, thank you so much for your hospitality. Your home is beautiful. Henry said.

It was our pleasure Henry, and we are hoping it wont be the last time. Mr. Thompson said and shook Madisons other hand.

Honey, you are going to have to let go of her. Mr. Thompson said and chuckled.

Madison felt Katie squeeze her hand and slowly let it go. She took her daddys hand and they walked to the door. They turned and waved as they said their last goodbyes and started to their car.

So, daddy, do you think we did good? Madison asked as she buckled her seatbelt.

I hope so honey, the other two guys were really good, but you did great. Henry said, trying to stay upbeat.

Madison saw the doubt in his eyes and her heart melted. She thought they had done so good. She felt so sad for him. They rode home in silence.

Katie walked into the parlor and Brad and the board were sitting around and talking. They were discussing the finalists. She sat on the arm of the couch, next to Brad.

Ok guys, we all agree that Brown has way more experience than the others, he would be a great add. Johnson is younger and has more passion, and he could be even better with time. Thompson said.

Agreed, I am leaning toward Johnson, he may be a better investment. Jones said.

Yes, I concur. Dinkle said.

Katie looked desperately at Brad and then at Herb. She smiled at Herb with a little bit of an evil grin.

Guys, you know, there are other things to consider. Other things they bring with them which may prove valuable. Herb said and the group looked at him.

Yes, all of the candidates will work for us, but we do have to take all things into consideration. Brad said and Katie squeezed his hand.

They all have strong values and look to have strong support systems. John Smith said and then paused.

But, have any of you seen anything hotter than that red bikini? Smith said and the guys all shuffled in their seats.

John, I agree, but do you want to offer this position based on his daughters bikini? Mr. Thomas said.

Well, no, but I am willing to offer it based on her tits, which Herb and I witnessed and that ass, which I am assuming we would see more of in the future. Smith said.

Excuse me. Mr. Thomas said.

Yes, our little minx Katie took the girls top off in the hot tub and I will have to admit I have seen bigger but not many that looked better. Smith said and glanced at Katie.

Holy shit, are you serious? She looked so scared, like a deer in the headlights. Dinkle said.

Scared yes, but she is willing to do anything for her daddy. I am quoting her directly from when we were there for dinner. You should know my hand was between her legs as she said it. Thompson said.

All of the guys shifted in their seats as five cocks started to fill with blood. Katie smiled and stood slowly, walking over to stand in front of Thomas. She reached up and unbuttoned her shirt, letting it fall open, her massive cleavage pulling Thomass eyes up.

Honey, do you think you could train Henry and get him up to speed with the others? Katie said and pulled the string holding her bikini top together. Thomas watched those fucking tits spill out and his cock was now officially rock hard. He loved his job.

I believe I could do that; I have done it before. Thompson said.

Honey, Henry is the youngest of them all and therefore has the best advantage in time, correct? Katie said and knelt in front of Thomas, unzipping his pants and pulling out his stiff cock.

Yes, I believe you are right. He would definitely have the advantage of time. Thompson said as he watched Thomass cock slide into his young wifes mouth.

Katie swallowed the throbbing cock into her throat and nestled her face against his crotch. She slowly pulled back and held the cock in her soft hand.

Dont you also have an intern position open that a certain little girl would qualify for, therefore allowing her to be around the office quite a lot? Katie said and then swallowed the cock again, her other hand softly caressing his balls.

As a matter of fact, I do. Thompson said as his wifes expert mouth slowly pulled off Thomas.

That is great, so Mr. Thomas, what do you think? I also have training skills, what would you say about the possibility of that little hottie looking up at you in the same position as me in the future? Katie said and slid her hand slowly up and down the pulsing cock.

Mr. Thomas no sooner heard the words before the vision in his head of Henrys daughter looking up at him with his cock in her mouth ran across his brain. He felt the surge and then blasted a load of cum into Katies mouth. She calmly sucked it down and milked him expertly. She pulled back and looked at Thomas.

I think Henry is an excellent candidate. Thomas said.

Katie, your negotiation skills are superb, but I am a little on the fence over here. Herb said and smiled.

Brad Thompson watched a large black cock disappear into his young wifes cute mouth. This would be a long night, but he was looking forward to it.



