Riding adventure
by Marie Rebelle

The last time she had been to a farm was when she was a teenager. She still remembered her awe for the ruggedness of farm life, but even more so she remembered her fascination for the horses. It was during a conversation with Nick, her boyfriend of just six months, that Janet told him about her only visit to a farm. She expressed her love for horses and how much she would like to ride. Then this morning, he told her to get in the car. Only now, getting out of the car, she knew where he was taking her.
She breathed in deeply. The air seemed so much cleaner out here, so far away from the city. Janet turned around in a slow circle, taking in the surroundings around her. The feeling inside her is the same as she had when she was a teenager. Awe. To her a farm had something magical. She would have loved to live on a farm, but had always been a city girl. As she turned around she saw the farm house with a veranda that seemed to run all around the house. Close to the house was a small barn and a couple of hundred meters from that was a big barn. Right next to that Janet could see stables. Her heartbeat increased. She adored horses. Only then she noticed the round horse pen to the right of the stables. Would she be allowed to ride today?
“You will spend most of your time in the horse pen today,” Nick said as he put his arm around her shoulders.
Janet smiled up at him.
“That sounds like fun. I would love to learn how to ride,” she beamed.
“Oh my love, you will have a lot of fun today,” Nick smiled, “I am very sure of that!”
“Hello, hello, folks,” a jovial voice called out from behind them.
They both turned around. A handsome man, dressed in tight blue jeans, a T-shirt of which the sleeves have been cut off and boots were approaching them.
“Nick, my friend,” the man said as he grabbed Nick’s outstretched hand, “how are you doing?”
“And this,” the man continued before Nick could answer his question, “must be your sweet lady you have been telling me about.”
“This indeed is Janet,” Nick said, “Janet, this is Mitch. He is the owner of this farm and a good friend of mine.”
“A friend with a wicked mind,” Mitch laughed as he slapped Nick on his shoulder.
Janet smiled and shook Mitch hand by way of introduction. She did not know what she should make of Mitch’s last remark..
“Do you want a cup of coffee or do you want to start right away?” Mitch asked.
“We can have coffee afterward,” Nick said and winked to Janet when she looked at him with a question in her eyes.
“Okay, come on, let’s go,” Mitch said and started walking in the direction of the stables.
Nick and Janet followed, hand in hand. Janet had butterflies in her stomach. She was excited because of the prospect to be on the back of a horse that afternoon, but the remark of Mitch definitely had something to do with the excitement too. There was something else in the air, something she could not quite place.
When they reached the stables, Mitch turned to Janet.
“You can choose, sweet lady. You choose the horse, the saddle and all other attributes,” he smiled.
“But I have never on a horse before,” Janet said, “you will have to teach me how to ride.”
“Oh sweetheart,” Mitch chuckled, “believe me, you will be able to ride.”
There it was again. The way Mitch said the words caused Janet’s nipples to harden. She had no idea what he meant, but from the glances that Nick and Mitch exchanged, it was clear that something out of the ordinary was about to happen.
Janet walked from one stable door to the other and back again. She chose a beautiful dark brown horse.
“Excellent choice,” Mitch complimented her. Nick had his arm around her shoulders and pulled her closer, kissing her forehead.
“Just trust me,” he said.
Janet looked up at him but before she could say anything, Mitch asked them to follow him into the barn. He walked to the far corner of the barn. There was a row of saddles that Janet could choose from. Except for the color, they all looked the same to her. She was curious about the hole in each of the saddles, but since she had never been on a horse before and had never really paid attention to saddles, she thought it was supposed to be like this.

Once Janet had made her choice for a saddle, Mitch walked towards a cupboard. He unlocked it and swung the doors open. Janet gasped. Inside was another glass door and behind the glass she could see several different sizes of dildo’s.
“No matter which one you choose, it will fit the hole,” Mitch said.
Janet did not immediately understand what he meant.
“The hole in the saddle,” Nick offered an explanation.
“But why?” Janet asked.
“Just trust me,” Nick said again.
Janet did not dare to walk to the cupboard.
“If you don’t choose one,” Nick said, “then I will.”
Janet shrugged her shoulders. Suddenly she felt very shy. She started to suspect what was about to happen and she was embarrassed that her panties were soaked. Nick walked towards the cupboard, opened the glass door and chose a medium sized veined dildo. He smiled at Janet as he handed it to Mitch.


Riding adventure (2/3)

“So come on, let’s get the riding lesson started,” Mitch said as he started walking back to the door of the barn.
The walked towards the fence of the horse pen. Mitch swung the saddle over the top beam. He pushed the dildo into the hole. Janet blushed when she looked at it. It was quite an odd sight to see. Mitch strode off towards the stables again.
“Get her ready,” he called over his shoulder towards Nick.
“Undress,” Nick said.
“What?” Janet asked shocked.
“Undress,” Nick repeated.
“Nick, I can’t undress here. Mitch will…”
“Mitch won’t mind. Just take your clothes off,” Nick said in a soft voice. He was standing right in front of Janet. Seeing her doubt, he pulled her closer.
“I know you want to. I know by now your pussy must be soaking wet. Your nipples are hard. I can see them pushing against your T-shirt,” he said and kissed her. He cupped her breasts and squeezed lightly. Janet felt her knees go weak. Yes, indeed, her panties were soaked. Nick was right. She was horny.
“Just let it happen, Janet. You will regret if you don’t,” Nick said.
It took some more persuasion, more kisses and more fondling for Nick to get Janet to start to undress. When she stood in front of him in her bra and panties, she stopped.
“You should take everything off, darling,” Nick said, but Janet shook her head. She glanced towards where Mitch was leading the horse that Janet had chosen to ride out of its stable.
Nick moved closer to Janet, pinning her against the fence behind her. He slipped his hand into her panties and found her wetness.
“You want to. You want to be fucked. Get naked. You won’t regret it,” Nick whispered.
As Mitch walked back towards them, holding the reigns of the horse, Janet quickly pulled her panties down and unhooked her bra.
“Mmm that looks good,” Mitch said as he reached them.
Janet had her one arm crossed over her breasts and her other hand was in front of her crotch.
Nick pulled her closer again and kissed her. In one swift movement he turned her around and pinned her arms between their bodies. He cupped her breasts and rolled her nipples between his fingers. His hands moved down over her body towards her sex, where he gently spread her lips and softly touched her clitoris. Janet sighed and leaned back against him, her eyes closed.
“She’s ready,” Nick said, but he did not let go of her or stopped touching her clitoris.
Janet watch as Mitch put the saddle on the horse. The dildo pointed upwards and Janet could not help to smile when a thought crossed her mind: the dildo was ready to be mounted. Her breathing sounded labored, caused by Nick’s finger teasing her tender spot. Mitch rolled a condom over the dildo. This confirmed what Janet had suspected. Yes, she would be on the back of a horse and yes, she would be riding, but there would be some added sensations. A trickle of wetness ran down her inner thigh. Mitch reached into his back pocket and pulled out a small bottle of lubricant. He put some of it on the condom, then abruptly turned around, put some on his fingers and rubbed it on Janet’s pussy. She was too shocked to react.
“Nice and soft,” Mitch winked at Janet and then he looked at Nick.
“Let’s help her up.”
Mitch held the reigns of the horse and Nick stayed behind Janet.
“Just put your left foot in the stirrup,” Mitch explained, “then push off with your right foot and swing your right leg over. Nick will help you.”
Janet put her left foot up on the stirrup, fully realizing that her pussy would be spread wide for Mitch to see. Something has changed. She did not mind. She wanted him to see. She watched his eyes as they wandered down her body towards her crotch and rested there until she pushed off her right foot to get onto the horse. She loved that he watched her, that he saw her wetness glistening on her inner pink.
Janet had to sit on the back edge of the saddle, as the dildo was standing up in the middle of the saddle. She looked down at the the fake penis with the condom around it. It was not only pointing up in the air, but the dildo was also slightly bent into her direction. What did these men have planned for her? She was soon to find out.
“Push yourself up on the stirrups, lean your hips forward and lower yourself onto the dildo,” Mitch instructed.
Janet glanced at Nick. He nodded. She pushed up and towards the dildo. It first touched her clitoris, making her gasp. Slowly she let it slip towards her wet opening. She managed to slip the head of the dildo into her pussy.


Riding adventure (3/3)

“Good girl,” Mitch said, “we will now let the horse trot and then change into a canter. Just concentrate on the dildo. Use the movement of the horse to fuck yourself with the dildo.”
Janet had no idea what he wanted her to do. The fucking part was clear, but how to use the movements of the horse she had no idea. The horse started to walk and soon changed into a trot. She managed to slip a bit more of the dildo inside her, but could not find any kind of rhythm to fuck herself with the dildo. Not until the horse changed into a canter. She found the perfect rhythm to fuck herself with the dildo. Janet lift her ass off the saddle and pushed her hips forward. In the process she pushed the dildo deeper inside her. Then she sat down again, almost pulling the dildo all the way out. Over and over she did this, fucking herself in perfect rhythm as the horse cantered around in the pen.

Janet climaxed, leaving the saddle below her wet and sticky. She wanted the horse to continue its canter. It did. Nick was leading it around, but the horse did not seem to need a lot of encouragement. Apparently it was used to this kind of treatment. Janet was not. She climaxed again as the horse cantered on. She moaned as she climaxed, wanting more. Her nipples were hard. Her body screamed to be touched. Around and around the horse cantered. Orgasm after orgasm followed. Janet leaned forward, her face resting against the neck of the horse, the dildo buried deep in her pussy.
The horse stopped. Moments later she felt someone behind her. The horse started moving again. Mitch was now holding the reigns. Nick grabbed onto Janet’s breasts and held tight. She felt his naked skin against hers. His erection was pressing against her buttocks. The dildo was still buried deep inside her. Janet lifted her ass. The dildo was still in her pussy. Nick looked down. Her ass was inviting him in and he was not declining the invitation. He pushed his feet into the stirrups under Janet’s. Holding onto her breasts, squeezing, he pushed up and pressed his erect penis against her asshole. Janet pushed back, wanting him deep inside her. She had totally forgotten about her surroundings.
The movement of the horse caused Nick to slip his dick into Janet less carefully than he would normally do. Janet cringed as the pain filled her loins, but at the same time held her buttocks high in the air to accept the intrusion. Soon they were moving in perfect harmony – Janet, Nick and the horse. The dildo fucked Janet’s pussy, Nick fucked Janet’s ass and the horse provided a nice rhythm for all the fucking that was going on. Around and around the horse cantered. On and on they fucked. Janet moaned. She wanted more. She needed more.
“Please stop,” she begged, “I want to get off.”
She did not notice the ambiguity of her remark, but Nick did. He motioned for Mitch to stop the horse and help Janet off it. Nick’s cock pulled out of Janet’s ass as Mitch helped her off. Janet was not even surprised to see that Mitch was naked too. Nick got off the horse and together the men lead Janet towards the fence.
Mitch stood with his back against the fence. Nick picked Janet up, told her to hook her legs over the beam behind Mitch, her legs on either side of the man in front of her. Slowly Nick lowered Janet onto Mitch’s erection. It entered her waiting pussy. Nick positioned his legs between those of Mitch and bent his knees to re-enter Janet’s ass. Soon the three of them were grunting and moaning. Janet had never felt so filled before. Her holes were stretched wide, taking in all of the lengths that were pushed inside her. She used her knees and her hands to pull herself up and rock herself onto the two cocks that pleasured her. All her inhibitions were gone. All she wanted now is a powerful release.
The first one who found his release was Mitch. Janet watched his face as he closed his eyes and grunted. He held onto her hips, keeping her cunt over his pulsating dick as he spurted his cum deep inside her.
“Let’s change positions,” Nick suggested.
Mitch pulled out of Janet, slipped her legs off the fence and turned her around. In a supple movement he turned her around and as he lay down on the ground, he pulled her down with him. Janet was now lying on her back on Mitch’s chest. Nick pushed her legs up. Mitch slipped his arms around the back of Janet’s knees, pulling her bottom up in the air and spreading her ass wide for Nick to enter her again. He did not decline this invitation. Standing with his legs on either side of Mitch’s body he shoved his cock into Janet’s waiting ass and started pounding into her again. Mitch managed to reach for Janet’s clitoris.
Neither Nick nor Janet lasted very much longer. Nick was the first to climax. As he did, he kept his eyes fixed on Janet’s. A small smile formed around her lips, but instantly disappeared again as her own climax overwhelmed her.
Later the three of them were having coffee on the beautiful veranda. They have all taken a shower and none of them had bothered to get dressed again. After the second cup of coffee and some relaxing, Janet looked at Nick, smiled and then turned to face Mitch.
“May I go riding again this afternoon?” she asked with a wicked smile.


