Ellen's Sex Shop 4: Maid Alice

   
     Alice bounced happily through the store. She loved when they had sales drives, and today's was one of her favorites among the common repeats. While some events were unique, like Amber modeling that new bondage line ago or Mara's day in the Light Box, others were repeated, with some variation, whenever Ellen felt the time was right.

     The event this week was a sort of game for the customers, with various discounts for winners, and a lot of sexy fun for both them and the shop girls. Each member of the staff, even Ellen herself, was dressed up in a different type of fetish wear, and equipped with at least one powerful remote toy. Customers, when they first entered the store, were given a simple multi-channel remote that only worked within the boundaries of the shop. The remote, of course, could control the toys of every girl in the store, but the channels weren't labeled and it would only allow, by default, up to twenty minutes of use per customer.

     With those twenty minutes, should they decided to participate, they had to identify which channel matched up to any given girl's toys. Should they figure it out for any one girl, they would get a discount on every product she was wearing. Should they have time remaining, they could try to identify another girl or they could try to make the girl they'd found cum. All of them wore sensors to track when they climaxed, and if the customer succeeded, they would receive a significantly larger discount not just on the products the girl was wearing, but on the entire department that girl was representing.

     Part of the reason Alice enjoyed this type of event so much was that she herself was, almost always, the favorite target of regulars and newcomers alike. Of all Ellen's employees, she was easily the most outgoing, cheerful, and high energy. Ellen had no hesitation in making cold blooded use of this, always dressing Alice in an outfit that would go well with her bubbly personality, then sticking her front and center to draw the eye. That she had the hardest time not reacting, but second best control of her own climax, simply made her even more perfect. Virtually anyone who focused on her would get the minor discount, and an eye and earful of squirming, moaning, blonde bombshell, which left them extremely happy. Yet, very few of them would manage to make her cum, which kept the numbers on the larger discounts down.

     Of course, that she was so naturally responsive and happy also led to the highest number of customers willing to pay a small fee for a few more minutes to push her over the edge, even if they didn't get the discount if they did so. One way or another, those who focused on her were almost always happy with the results, and so was Ellen. Needless to say, since Alice got a portion of the extra fee, and all the girls got a shop-wide reward based on total sales during the drive, Alice was quite content playing her part as well. An entire day of being driven nuts by remotes, and semi-frequent orgasms, was merely a highly enjoyable bonus, as far as she was concerned.

     She hummed as she awaited another customer, unconsciously fixing her ruffles. Today she was a maid, clearly of the fetish variety. The outfit consisted of a frilly black and white corset that really showed off her perky C-cups, and an intricate pair of white lace panties only partially covered by the half-hearted suggestion of a skirt. Thigh-high white stockings, a black lace bow in her waist length, platinum blond hair, and a shiny black pair of heels completed the look. She'd protested over the heels, she'd wanted to use the much higher fetish heels the store stocked, instead of the small four-inch option. Ellen had vetoed the addition, wanting to keep her shorter than most costumers, to better pull off the cutely energetic and eager-to-please maid. Which left her stuck at a mere 5' 6", even with the heels.

     She did have to admit the look was working for her, regardless of the heel height. She'd gotten nearly equal numbers of women gushing over how adorable she was, and guys falling in lust with her innocently-naughty pout. Not to mention, of course, a few women who did the latter and men the former. She'd also needed to change out the panties three times in the last hour alone, as her audience was intent on wearing out the batteries in the viciously powerful remote control egg buried inside her. Not that she was complaining. Despite only giving up a single large discount in the four hours she'd been working, she'd cum no less than eleven times. Which, unlike most girls, who'd be flat on the floor from that sort of number, really just perked her up further and made her a slightly hyper. Ellen had actually given her a duster at one point and had her attack the store, purely in an attempt to curb the chipmunk-on-a-sugar-high effect. It had only sort-of worked. She'd burned off some energy, but attracted the attention of a woman who'd managed to force her to cum, twice, inside the time limit. The customer, a regular named Linda, had given her a card and told her to call if she ever needed part-time work. Apparently, she had something of a thing for sexy maids.

     Her vibe jerked, catching her by surprise. A moan slipped out, and she darted a look around the shop. What on earth? There were only two customers, and it couldn't be either of them. One was having a quiet but animated discussion with Tinker, hands fully visible and controller free. The other was very clearly using their remote, but it was equally clearly being used to drive Cheryl up the wall. She nearly gasped as the toy nestled in her core went active again, this time tapping out a steady, arrhythmic beat on her insides. It was on a weak setting, but the oddly hypnotic pattern made her want to squirm anyway. She tired, with only limited success, to suppress her reaction, scanning the store for something or someone she'd missed. Was it one of the other girls? Ellen or Mara were the most likely. Mara was visible, doing something on a store computer, she didn't seem likely. Ellen...Ellen was missing, which was a bit suspicious. She'd been hovering near the door to the back room a few minutes ago. She may have just taken a break...but--

     Her train of thought was broken and an abbreviated gasp slipped out as the toy kicked it up a notch, throwing a harder, stuttering pulse into the pattern of arrhythmic beats. Only, they weren't quite as arrhythmic as before, the added pulses somehow fitting into the pattern. A quick glance around the store gave no more clues, so she shrugged and went with it, returning her eyes to the shop's entrance. She was supposed to be on duty as the greeter after all, funneling customers to either the game, or whatever they were looking for. She couldn't go haring off, trying to sort out who was toying with her.

     She'd almost gotten complacent, a few minutes later, when the pattern changed again. Sharp staccato bursts of the vibe's highest setting added into the previous pattern of beats. It was no longer arrhythmic now, and the smooth interplay of three different pulse-strengths had her biting her lip, eyes unconsciously closing and a mewl of pleasure falling from her lips. It also wasn't possible to do this with the customer remotes. They were too simple, both for ease of use, and in case they were stolen. No, someone had the egg's original manufacture remote, and was playing with her.

     Knowing this couldn't be an allowed part of the game, she gave up her failing efforts to suppress her reactions, her breathing deepening and moans falling readily from her lips. The pattern altered again, reversed. The most frequent, longest beats, were now the most powerful, and the weakest were the shortest and most insubstantial. Her legs almost gave out, and she caught herself on the display behind her. She cried out, on the edge of orgasm, trying to hold it back, then realized there wasn't a reason too. Not if they weren't playing by the rules. It was probably her boss, anyway. She reached for her breast, intending to send herself over. Only to have her hand gently grabbed.

     "None of that now."

     Her eyes popped open in alarm, then nearly rolled back in her head as her vibe upshifted into a continuous thrum of its highest setting. She was only just able to register Ellen and Linda in front of her before she lost control, her mind going blank as she peaked violently. The toy didn't shut off immediately, like it was supposed to for customers, and it drew the already intense climax out until Alice's legs collapsed under her. Her boss caught her and the toy deactivated. She took several ragged breaths before opening her eyes, closed sometime during the climax, and tried to get her feet under her again.

     Ellen helped steady her, grinning, but it was Linda's presence that puzzled her. The woman was studying Alice with an amused grin and bright eyes, hard nipples readily visible through her top. More importantly, the woman had left through the front door over two hours ago. Alice looked at her boss confusedly, hoping for an explanation.

     Ellen chuckled, pulling her over to one side and setting her still shaky form down on a bondage bench display. "Linda is an old friend. I've known her since my university days. So, when she expressed interest in "playing with my adorable maid' a bit more, I went along with it and let her in the back door when she dropped by after work. You'll get a little bonus for playing along this much, as it wasn't part of the game and I let her have the full remote, but...."

     Alice knew that tone. Everyone who worked for Ellen knew it. She was up to some mischief or other. She wouldn't do anything without the permission of the girl or girls she intended to rope into whatever crazy idea she'd had, but she'd make it worth it for them if they went along. Usually, that meant a day of something fun but daring, and a few free items from the store. As she nearly always took the tastes of the girls involved into account, most of them agreed as a matter of course. Alice gave her a brilliant smile. "Out with it, boss."

     Linda laughed. "So good to see your employees know you so well, dear. Shall I ask her, or you?"

     Ellen pouted outrageously for a few heartbeats before answering. "I will, it was half my idea anyway. Why don't you pick an outfit out?"

     Linda's eyebrow rose. "Before she even says yes?"

     Ellen rolled her eyes. "It's Alice, of course she'll say yes!"

     That was probably true. In fact, Alice was tempted to say yes before hearing anything, solely to see Linda's reaction. She couldn't remember ever not going along with one of Ellen's plans, but then, she was probably the most open of anyone in the shop to new experiences. Still, Ellen enjoyed convincing them, so she remained quiet as Linda laughed, shook her head, and headed off into the racks of fetish clothing.

     Ellen didn't waste any time, turning conspiratorially to Alice and starting her pitch. "So, Linda really wanted to play with you more. Now, we could do that here in the store," she paused, "if we wanted to be boring! So, I thought, `why don't we take this show on the road?' Linda and I, we go way back, like I said, and we go on shopping trips from time to time. It's actually why she stopped in earlier, on her break. We were making plans to go clothes shopping later. She wasn't expecting to fall in love, or at least lust, with an adorable hyperactive maid who was darting around the store dusting things, flashing wet panties." She playfully pinched Alice's cheek.

     Alice yelped and ducked away from her boss, getting a laugh as she brought up her hands to protect herself from further attacks. Looking suspiciously as her boss, she waited until she was at least half sure she wouldn't try anything else, then guessed, "So you want me to, what? Come with you in a maid outfit?"

     Ellen nodded, calming slightly, continuing on in a more boss-like tone. "We'll get you into a maid outfit that will keep you compliant with public code, but still sexy. You'll act as our maid, doing whatever we ask while we shop." Her eyes sharpened, tone serious. "You'll have more toys in, and Linda and I will both play with you however we see fit, within the standard VIP customer rules. Anything beyond that is extra, and this is all outside work so you can offer more if you want. I know I don't normally stretch things like that, but Linda is much more a friend to me than she is a customer, so I'll consider this to be a private agreement instead of shop related. On that note, you'll get paid time off for the rest of the day, but I can't directly give you anything else this time if I'm stretching the rules. It will have to be mostly for fun. Though, I have a feeling you'll like Linda, and might even take some work for her on your off days, so it might work out pretty good for you." She smiled, then leaned in to whispered conspiratorially, "Plus, we can totally buy you stuff on the shopping trip, if your off-the-clock."

     Alice smiled at the last bit, but held up her hand, head cocked to the side in thought. Usually, Ellen's adventures stuck to the golden rules of the shop, either the regular rules, or the special rules for VIPs. Both sets restricted what the customers could ask of any of the girls, as well as what the girls could offer. No sex was ever permitted, not even oral. That line was walked finely, at times, through the use of simulators, and didn't apply at all to consensual acts between employees, but it was never broken. Never. Ellen's Delight's was a high-end, respected and respectable sex shop, not a front for prostitution. Under most circumstances even physical contact, of the sexual kind such as groping or kissing, was completely off limits. Which made this very out of the ordinary, as Ellen was effectively telling her those rules could be suspended today, if Alice wanted them to be. The question was, did she? She glanced at Linda, barely visible through the racks of clothing, and frowned.

     The woman was smoking hot, no doubt about that, almost a match for Ellen herself. She appeared, as little as appearance was worth on someone so clearly gene modded, to be in her late twenties. Tallish, at 5'10, and sporting what had to be modded E-cups, they were entirely too perky to be completely natural. Deeply tanned skin, an athletic figure, and rich brunette hair. A gorgeous package, no doubt, and a soft but commanding personality, from what Alice had seen. Still, while Alice was up for trying nearly anything, she wasn't easy. Did she want to get handsy, maybe even have sex, with a total stranger? She glanced over at Ellen. Then again, she might well get some sexy fun with Ellen as well. Which, while hardly uncommon, was rare outside the confines of the shop. Linda was also a good enough friend of Ellen's for the boss to bend the rules. That certainly said a great deal about the woman. She nodded her head, signaling she'd made a decision. If it had been a guy, there was no way, but with a woman....
 
     "I'm up for it, including the extras, within reason. Hands and tongues."

     Ellen beamed, then gave a wicked grin. "Oh good. I'll make sure you regret it only in the very best ways. Now! Let's get those clothes off!" She ducked behind Alice and started undoing her corset's laces.

     Alice just giggled and shifted to make it easier. Giving a free show in the middle of the shop wasn't anything new. She contorted a bit further, managing to strip off her soaked panties without disturbing Ellen's efforts. Her boss finished and stripped the corset off her right just as Linda returned with a fairly impressive armful of product. Ellen took half of it, then guided the mostly naked Alice and a bemused Linda into the back, toward the employees oversized dressing room. Alice imagined the idea of dragging her here after she'd stripped was getting the bemused reaction, but she knew Ellen just wanted access to the mirrors and accessories inside.

     A flurry of selections came and went, until Linda and Ellen were finally satisfied. Alice took a good look at her new outfit in the full length mirrors of the dressing room. While it covered more than her original, that wasn't saying a lot. The mini-dress, if it could even be called that, that made up the majority of the outfit showed a lot of skin. It started at the top as a black halter-apron that left her back entirely uncovered. It was embroidered with beautiful lace patterns in white, and held up only by the black ribbon that tied behind her neck. All of her upper chest, and most of her breasts shy of the nipple, was left completely uncovered, before the dress faded into a short, layered skirt that gave the impression of ruffles without being uncontrollably poofy. Which was important, as the skirt only just barely dropped lower than her black-thong covered core. Any bending at all, or breeze, heck even just moving wrong, would result in flashing the tiny panties, and Alice had a sneaking suspicion that she'd not end the night in possession of that particular scrap of cloth at any rate. Her white stockings had been replaced with black and, much to her delight, Linda had gotten her into a pair of seven-inch fetish heels. She was still shorter than Linda, but giddily of a height with her boss. Of course, they would make the loss of her panties, if her suspicions came true, even more problematic for her, but it was sooooo worth it.

     Linda nodded approvingly. "Our servant appears almost ready to go Ellen, shall we add the finishing touches?"

     Ellen grinned. "We shall." She gave Alice a firm swat on the ass, getting a squeak at the unexpected action. "Bend over and spread your legs, girl. It wouldn't do to go out without your control devices, now would it?"

     Forcing her giggles down, Alice responded with a chipper, "No ma'am! Please prepare me for servicing my mistresses in public." She bent over, leaning against the counter for support.

     Linda tapped her inner thigh, and she spread her legs in obedience. The older woman grasped her panties and pulled them down to her knees. "Tisk, you poor girl, your clitoris is barely even peaking out. We'll have to fix that. Ellen dear, why don't you prep her while I ready her public accessories?"

     Ellen made a nose of ascent, and a warm hand began lightly tracing Alice's outer lips. It only made a pair of passes before the tracing fingers forked, and pushed her folds apart, working their way from the base of her slit to rest of either side of her mildly engorged clit. A second hand pressed first one finger, then two, into Alice's tight tunnel, and the forking fingers shifted to a light stroking action, encouraging her clit to grow. The other hand withdrew from her core and disappeared for a moment. It returned when her nub neared maximum engorgement, and dabbed a bit of something on the sensitive button. Alice's eyes widened and she gulped, the feelings from her clit had suddenly intensified several times over. She knew what that dab had been, a nanite arousal gel that would sensitize her nerves and force her clit to remain at full arousal. Her eyes widened again as she felt the hands shift and a clit clip secure itself. Oh fuck, she might not be able to move without cumming her brains out, and she doubted they were done yet.

     They weren't. The abrupt feeling of cold lube on her rosebud sent a shiver through her. A finger, she assumed Ellen's but wasn't sure, massaged the substance in, then pushed against the ring of muscle. She relaxed, letting first one, then a second digit in. Once she was thoroughly prepared, the fingers withdrew and she felt a moderately sized plug being worked into her. Once it was seated, leaving her with a full feeling, one of her mistresses pulled up her panties and gave her a swat to her exposed cheeks.

     Linda's voice spoke from above her. "There, much better. Stand."

     Alice stood, even that small motion sending a shudder of pleasure through her.

     Ellen was next. "Walk for us, girl. So we can see that you are properly motivated."

     Alice nearly gasped when she complied, barely able to contain the effects of the massive jolt of pleasure as the plug and clip shifted with her motion. After a few steps, she couldn't help a whimper.

     Linda broke character for a moment, laughing. "Oh, Alice, we are going to have so much fun with you tonight. We haven't even used the remotes yet!"

     Ellen giggled, and Alice shrugged before smiling happily. Sure, she would probably be making a fool of herself for half the station, but that didn't really bother her.

     Ellen clapped her hands together, armed Linda with a remote, and tugged them both out the door. Alice was glassy eyed before they reached the exit.

***

     Alice was flying high on a near-drunk sort of pleasure buzz. She'd not even made it to Ellen's aircar before she'd cum the first time, and had lost track of the number of times since then. She was waiting in front of dressing room now, egg vibrating on low. It hadn't been turned off completely since that first aircar trip. This was the fifth such room she'd waited outside of since the start of their shopping expedition three hours ago, and neither Ellen or Linda showed any sign of flagging. So far, they hadn't gotten very physical with her either, just a few gropes and a lot of use of their remotes.

     "Alice dear? I think we need your opinion in here."

     She perked up, she'd been "rewarded" with an orgasm for every good opinion so far. She moved up to the door, slipping quietly inside when it cracked open for her. Linda was unabashedly topless, and Ellen wasn't wearing anything at all. She was holding a pair of crotchless panties.

     Her boss addressed her. "Come, girl, I can't decide if these look good or not. You'll put them on so I can see them on another body."

     She nodded, not hesitating to step over. She began to lift her skirt to pull down her panties, but Linda slapped her hands away, replacing them with her own.
 
      "Bend over, girl."

     She bent, and Linda worked her thong off of her, brushing her dripping mound lightly in passing. She stepped out of them and accepted the crotchless pair from Ellen. Once they were on, they posed her, holding her skirts up, and examined her from every angle.

     Ellen hummed, then reached down to poke a finger through the open-crotch of the panties, tracing from the base of Alice's slit to her trapped clit. "No, I don't think these will do at all. Much too concealing, don't you think so, Linda dear?"

     Linda knelt before Alice, so close her hot breath blew across Alice's forcibly aroused button, nearly sending her over the edge. "Hmmm, I think your right lover, dearest. Not nearly enough exposure. Why, they positively cover part of the girl's lips! They'll never do. Not at all."

     Ellen sighed. "Ah well, I shall have to go with plan B then."

     "Indeed."

     Alice blinked as Linda handed her thong across to Ellen and Ellen slipped the drenched garment on. She blinked again as Linda stripped her out of her current panties and shooed her from the room, giving her a strong jolt from her anal plug as she went. Alice giggled helplessly. Well, she was quite right about losing her panties, even if that hadn't been exactly what she pictured. She smiled, it has hot thinking about her drenched panties on her boss. Those leather pants of hers would press them into her core nice and tight.

     The other women swept out of the dressing room, fully clothed again. "Pick up the clothes, girl! Be quick about it!"

     Alice darted into the dressing room, then paused for a moment as she realized they were holding the door wide open. Anyone passing by would see her pussy, not to mention the butt plug, when she bent over. She shrugged, giggled, and positioned herself for best effect before bending over, slowly collecting the clothing strewn about the room. Halfway through she got a swat on the ass from Linda. "Hurry it up, girl! You've already given the clerk enough of a show."

     Alice grinned but complied, grabbing the final items and standing. When she turned, she spotted the clerk in question, who was looking at her wide-eyed. She beamed and gave him a friendly wave. He half-heartedly returned it, looking stunned.

     A giggling Ellen whispered in her ear, "I think you just gave him enough wet dream fodder to last him at least a week."
    
     Alice frowned at her, offended. "I'd hope at least a month, or I wasn't trying hard enough."

     They exited the store in a giggle-fit, Linda staring at them in confusion.

***

     Alice groaned into Linda's pussy as Ellen rammed the dildo home in her own core. She had no idea where the boss had pulled the thing from, and frankly didn't care. Things had escalated rapidly after she lost her panties, and two stores later her vibrating egg was inside Linda, and her face was being ground into the same's center as she sucked and nipped at the women's clit. Ellen twisted the dildo inside her, angling it down to strike Alice's G-spot, and she screamed into Linda's pussy, cumming hard. Linda convulsed beneath her and a small surge of her liquids splashed on Alice's chin. The strong cinnamon flavor was no surprise at this point, and hadn't been since she'd gotten her first taste, via sucking a coated finger, at the previous store. Just another gene mod on the list the woman had shown off. Thankfully, Alice was fond of cinnamon.

     As Alice came down from her climax, Linda pulled gently on her hair, encouraging her to stand. She did, the dildo in her core slipping out in the process. She blinked as Ellen shuffled forward, taking her place between Linda's legs. As her boss dove in to the other woman's still buzzing junction without hesitation, Linda pointed Alice behind her boss.

     "On the ground girl, service her."

     Alice's eyes lit and she licked her lips. Like Linda, she knew Ellen used a simple cosmetic mod to change the flavor of her cum. Possibly unlike Linda, Ellen had access to a cheap source of the mods through one of the shop's vendors, and changed her flavor monthly. Alice hadn't had a chance to taste what it was this month, and her burning curiosity had her on the floor in a flash, scooting under Ellen to get access. The little shaved arrow pointing at her boss's slit was the same as the last time she'd seen it, though it changed semi-frequently as well. She eagerly followed its guidance, digging her tongue between Ellen' folds and dragging from base to clit.

     What on? Was that licorice? She took another, even longer, lick. It was licorice. She grinned into Ellen's pussy, then dove in with abandon, licking, sucking, and nibbling, trying to get as much of the treat as she could. Alice had a near-legendary sweet tooth, and Ellen's cum tasted like one of her favorite brands of red licorice. Ellen jerked and howled into Linda's crotch, totally unprepared for the vicious full-out assault on her core. Alice absentmindedly wondered why the store employees hadn't checked on them yet. Even with Linda's muff muffling first her, then Ellen, they had to be aware something was going on back here. She shook off the thought and returned to her feast, reigning herself in just slightly, and moving a hand up to capture her treat's clit. She used a trick one of her boyfriends had taught her, firing all the muscles in her forearm against each other, causing the finger tips brushing Ellen's clit to vibrate violently. It had taken a bit of effort to master, but as Ellen screamed, again, into her friend's pussy, she once again mentally noted it was worth the effort. Doubly so this time, as more of her tasty juices positively gushed from her spasming tunnel as she came.

     She dimly heard Linda ordering Ellen to finish her, and decided not to let up. She did, reluctantly, move her mouth from the font of licorice to her boss's enflamed clit, sucking gently as her hand felt around on the floor for the dildo. She found it, resting on a pile of clothes, and quickly aligned it with the tight core she was servicing. She didn't give warning, roughly ramming it home in the sopping sex, forcing another gasping scream from the raven haired beauty above her. She knew her boss liked it rough, at least at times like this, and so there was no pause to let her adjust. She began a rapid pounding, moving her other hand to her own pussy to gather some lube. She folded her tongue around the button in her mouth, but made a little moue when the attempt to tongue fuck Ellen's clit split her attention too far and she lost her rhythm with the dildo.

     A momentary pause as an idea hit her, then her hand removed the clit clip still trapping her own button. A pause of the toy as she needed both hands, then a muffled gasp from Ellen as the woman felt it bite in, trapping her clit as she had trapped Alice's earlier. Alice shifted her attention, and her position, scrambling from under Ellen to kneel next to her. She began thrusting the toy gain, and shifted her newly lubed fingers to her boss's rosebud. She got an unconscious jerk away when she first touched it, then eager pressing back into her fingers. A bit of working the moisture in, then she forcefully sunk her middle finger into the perfect ass below her. Three quick thrusts later and Ellen peaked again, the translated vibrations of her howls apparently setting Linda off, the other women audibly gasping for the first time as she twitched through her second climax.

     A minute later, after the two older woman had come down, Linda chuckled. "It's a good thing I know the owner of this place, or we'd be totally screwed. Next time, I'm gaging you with your panties Ellen, or better yet, with Alice's."

     Ellen laughed merrily. "Next time, is it? Already planning to seduce my employee another today?"

     Linda grinned lecherously. "Absolutely. Preferably once a week. But I'm not waiting that long to gag you. We've still got three more stores."

     Alice's eyes lit, eager for more. "Oh, can I eat Ellen out again? She tastes like candy this month!"

     Ellen groaned, but smiled. "Oh hell, what have I done to the universe by introducing you two. I forgot you're the two most oversexed, inhuman balls of energy I've ever met."

     Alice cocked her head, looking from Ellen to Linda, then back. Linda seemed so calm....

     Ellen shook her head. "Oh, don't believe that faade for a moment, she'd just as freakishly energetic as you are, she simply hides it better. Just wait until she gets us both into her bed later...."
    
     Alice's eyes widened. What? Since when was that the--

     Her train of thought was broken when the voice of the store owner came from the other side of the dressing room door. "Linda, if you're done screwing those two hot chicks, I've got some lovely things in your both their sizes!"

     All three of them looked at each other for a long moment, then broke down in hysterical giggling.   

###

Authors Note: If you enjoyed my story, check out my new erotic novel "Freedom in the Sky: An Erotic Tale of Service in the Stars," available on Amazon or Smashwords. You can also get updates on my work, including information on new Free releases(Like the rest of this 6-part series) on my Facebook Page.

Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01BHDLANY?*Version*=1&*entries*=0

Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/612869

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Jaylee-Coglin-210793212603170/



