DEBBIE AND THE MIDNIGHT HOUR

BY FUNFORHERE

It wasn't the night before Christmas, but all through the house
not a creature was stirring, not even the little mouse that
sometimes hid behind the grandfather clock in the hallway, and
that started all this in the first place.

In fact it was two nights after the day on which Debbie Simpson,
an eight year old pupil at the Junior School of the Roseville
College for Girls, had been punished by her teacher, Mr Collins,
for forgetting to do her homework. The first night the little
girl had been very sore and tired, and in any case it had taken a
real effort to hide her great discomfort from her parents, so she
had gone to bed early and had fallen asleep quickly.

The next night was different. As she lay in bed trying to get to
sleep thoughts of what had happened to her went around and around
in her mind, and kept her wide awake long after her mother and
father had gone to bed. First she been given six strokes of the
cane on her bare bottom, then the teacher had bound her wrists
together behind her back with his belt. That bit had made her
feel all fluttery in the tummy and tingly in the pussy every time
she thought about it.

After that Mr Collins had touched and tickled her bottom hole,
and then slid his finger right up inside her and wiggled it about
inside and moved it in and out. That had made her little pussy
really tingle, and it still did when she remembered the way it
had made her feel. Finally all the cum had come out of his willy
into her bottom crack, but there had been so much of it that some
had run down her legs. Debbie went all hot with shame when she
remembered how he'd made her go home with it all still on her and
soaking her panties.

Soon after she'd got into bed she'd played with herself until she
felt shivery all over and her little pussy throbbed, but this
time she didn't fall asleep afterwards. She was still lying
there, wide awake, when the old grandfather clock struck
midnight.

It was a warm night, so she didn't need to put on her robe or
slippers when she got up to go to the bathroom and get a drink of
water in the kitchen. When she returned to her bedroom she closed
the door, put on the light and sat on the edge of her bed to read
one of her favourite books. But it was no use: she simply
couldn't concentrate.

Yes, all she could think about was the tingling in her little
pussy. Putting her book aside, she lay back on the bed, pulled
her nightie up around her waist and slipped her hand in under the
waistband of her panties. When she rubbed herself it felt better,
but she couldn't help feeling that something was missing.

She wanted to be bound. That was it. And because her bondage
experience was limited to one occasion she wanted to be bound
like that. With a leather belt, like Mr Collins had done. But
obviously she couldn't go and wake up her mother or father
(preferably her Daddy) to do it, so could she do it herself?

Getting up off the bed, Debbie went to her wardrobe and got out
the only leather belt she had: the white one she wore with her
good jeans. She looked at it and decided that it would feel good
wound around her little wrists and buckled up tight. As soon as
he thought that, her pussy began to tingle.

What followed was very frustrating for the little girl. No matter
what she tried she couldn't do the belt up around her crossed
wrists, not even when she had them in front of her instead of
behind her back.

She was just about to give up when she had another idea. Sitting
on the bed she crossed her slim little ankles, wound the belt
around and between them and buckled it up. After a bit of
experimenting she was able to do it up quite tightly, and that
made her feel really good. Her little pussy began to tingle once
more.

Lying back on the bed again, she pulled the nightie back up
around her waist, slid her hand in under the front of her white
cotton panties and placed it over her fanny. Oh yes! It felt
good!

Because she'd crossed her ankles when she bound them with the
belt her thighs were parted, and that allowed her to rub her
pussy. She could even get a finger onto her little nub, which she
began to finger. After a few minutes of rubbing, that part of her
body was all sensation and the whole of existence. She rubbed and
rubbed and rubbed it, until she suddenly felt a series of really
strong shivers, stronger than she'd ever felt before, go right
through her body. She tried to move her legs, but the fact that
they were restrained by the belt intensified the feelings she was
having. She also gasped and moaned, until she remembered where
she was: it simply wouldn't do to wake her parents who'd come to
investigate and find her like this.

Eventually Debbie calmed down and lay panting for a little while.
It really did feel good, she thought, to have her ankles bound 
if only there were some way of binding her wrists.

Then she had another idea. It was such a strong idea that at
first she didn't want to even think about it. But the more she
pushed it away from her mind, the more attractive it became. In
the end she decided that she should at least try it.

Rolling over onto her front, she slipped a hand under the back of
her panties, where her fingers sought her bottom crack. A moment
later she gave a slight jerk as her finger touched her anus. Oooo
yes that felt good, especially when she moved it around and
around the puckered little hole. Her pussy began to tingle. Then
she tentatively pressed her finger against herself, and it went
in a bit. But it also hurt a bit.

Oh yes, she thought, I need something to make it slippery, like
Mr Collins had done with the Vaseline. Yes, she thought again,
there's a jar on the top shelf of the bathroom cabinet. Undoing
the belt around her ankles, she turned off the light, carefully
opened the door and tippytoed down the hallway to the bathroom.
There was just enough light from the street so that she didn't
have to turn the light on, and in any case she knew where things
were in the cabinet. Carefully opening it, she felt around
inside, located the jar and got it out and returned to her
bedroom.

Debbie carefully shut the door of her room, turned on the bedside
light and looked at the jar in her hand. Yes, it was the Vaseline
alright. Her little pussy began to tingle at the thought of what
she was going to be doing.

When she bound her ankles this time she actually managed to get
the belt done up a little tighter, and that made her feel really
good straight away. After getting a glob of Vaseline on her
finger she lay back on the bed, pulled her nightie up and rolled
over onto her front. Then she slid her hand in under the back of
her panties. Holding her breath, she positioned her finger on her
little bottom hole, then pushed it in.

Oh yes! It felt good, so she pushed it in as far as she could and
wiggled it about inside herself. That felt even better, and made
her pussy all warm and tingly. What felt really good was when she
slid it in and out in her tight little back passage, like Mr
Collins had done. In fact it felt so good that she began to grind
her pussy against the bed. With the finger going up and down
inside her anus and rubbing her pussy on the bed it wasn't long
before she went all shivery and hot and breathless.

Debbie lay there panting for a while. That had been good, she
thought, but her little finger hadn't given her that funny full
feeling in her bottom like Mr Collin's big index finger had. If
only there were something bigger she could use.

By this time she felt really tired, so she unbound her ankles and
quickly went off to sleep.

