Serena
by Arty

4.	Parental Love

I wondered about the things that he had told me. The images
of Serena and Jack faded under the repeated assurances from
him that he had never indulged himself that way. Indeed he
had no intention of doing so. I contrasted this with
Serena's behaviour; she certainly behaved as if he was her
Master. It was all very confusing. I wondered at his final
words to me, ' we can work something out ' given how his
original assurances were borne out, I did feel better in
trusting him. But I couldn't for the life of me conceive of
a solution to the Gordian Knot.

Life without Serena was now impossible for me to imagine.
Could I cope with being married to a slave? How would I feel
when her Master's orders conflicted with my desires? I
realised that this sort of speculation was futile and I
distracted myself by examining the books that were lining
the room. As a distraction technique is was largely a
failure. My mind refused to give up on the images of Serena
kneeling before him, on display.

I was prevented from thinking in ever decreasing circles by
the sound of footsteps approaching. I turned to see the
chauffeuse walking towards me. Unlike the first time that I
saw her, she was now gloriously naked. In this at least I
could concur with Jack, if one could afford it why have
merely servants when one could have naked slaves. She
stopped and knelt before me.

"Sir, the Master has ordered me to escort you to him. He
told me to inform you that there is something that you
should witness."

I nodded my acquiescence. She returned, with effortless
grace, to her feet and walked back to the door that led from
the library to the corridor along which I had walked only an
hour or so ago. It seemed much longer. She waited for me to
catch up to her.

"May I precede you to my Master?"

"Yes. I'm sorry I don't know your name."

"I am called Sylvie."

There was a definite pattern emerging here; I reflected to
myself. "Please lead me to your Master." I grinned and
imagined myself saying in an exaggerated electronic drone,
'TAKE ME TOYOUR LEADER!' Sylvie led me from the library,
through corridors and up stairs until we stood at last
outside another door, on which she knocked and waited.

"You may enter."

We entered the room and Sylvie knelt, in the now customary
position, in front of Jack.

"Master, I have brought Master David as you directed."

"Thank you Sylvie, you may go."

I looked about the room. All along one wall was a glass
window, through it I could make out someone attached
standing but spread-eagled to a frame. I realised with a
shock that it was Serena!

"You can't reach her. The glass is almost unbreakable, short
of a sledgehammer. The room is soundproof. There is nothing
that you can do to help her and nor would she want you to."

"Why are you tormenting me like this?"

"You need to see this. Whatever you think of me at this
moment, I can assure you that I don't inflict this pain on
you lightly."

He flicked a switch by the window and a suddenly I could
hear the sound of breathing. The door in the other room
opened to admit Salome. She was carrying some sort of whip
by her side. She circled to face her daughter.

"The Master has heard your report and though he is pleased
with your general level of obedience to your standing
orders, the single infraction of sitting without permission
on the settee must not be allowed to go unmarked. Therefore
he has instructed me to administer 5 strokes with the
strap."

"But she didn't sit on the furniture. She sat on me! I made
her do it. She didn't want to! This isn't fair."

"She knew the rules. Let's hope that she thinks breaking the
rule was worth it."

By this time Salome had walked around Serena until she was
standing to one side of her.

"When you are ready."

Serena sighed. "Yes Mistress. May I please have my first
stroke, Mistress?"

Salome raised her arm and brought the strap round shockingly
fast.

CRACKACK!

The noise made me jerk involuntarily. Tears leaked from me.
Serena gasped and grunted. A wide red mark appeared spanning
her bottom cheeks, which wriggled in a vain effort to
assuage the burning that she must be feeling.

"W...one. Th...thank you Mistress. M...may I please have my
second stroke, Mistress?"

Salome changed hands, walked to the other side of Serena and
delivered the requested stroke. The same abrupt double
crack; the same gasp and grunt; the same sobbing litany.
"Two... o. Tha...nk you Mi...istress. Ma...y I p...please
have my th... third stroke, Mistress?"

For the third stroke Salome pressed a foot operated switch
and the frame rotated turning Serena to face us. I looked at
Jack; his face was impassive. Serena's face was streaked
with tears and her chest heaved as she sobbed and tried not
to make too much noise.

"Why are you having this done?"

"Because she expects it and because it makes her happy."

I had no answer to that. I turned back to see Salome
preparing to deliver the third stroke. This time the strap
was wielded with much less force, though I doubted that
Serena would have noticed as it struck her breasts and drew
a quickly smothered scream. Fresh tears ran down her cheeks.

"Th three. Thank thank you Mistress. P pl please repeat
the stroke, Mistress."

"She's not supposed to cry out." Jack answered my unspoken
question; I was suddenly aware of the pride with which he
had made that statement. I watched transfixed as the stroke
was repeated. The fourth stroke was laid on from the other
side. I was both revolted and fascinated; and I was again
horrified to realise that I had an erection. Christ what
sort of a pervert was I? How could I be aroused while my
fiance was whipped at the command of another?

Serena's mother moved once more, to get into position for
the final stroke. The strap flashed upward between Serena's
legs and the final CRACK reverberated through the room.
Serena's hips swung backwards and forwards in an obscene
parody of lovemaking, as she tried to counteract the pain of
the stroke. Eventually she gasped out the required form of
words.

"That was five, Mistress. Thank you for administering my
punishment, Mistress." Serena's mother held the strap to her
daughter's mouth, and Serena lavished it with a sensuous
kiss.

"I find the whole 'kissing the strap' routine a bit tacky,
but Salome insists on it. One day I may have to have a talk
with her about who is the Master and who is the slave." 

Jack chuckled to himself. While he was talking, Salome was
comforting her daughter as she re-inserted the nipple rings;
when she knelt, in preparation for doing the same thing with
Serena's final piercing, she exclaimed in surprise.

"Oh you little slut! I can see we are going to have to think
of some other punishment if you are going to get this turned
on." She smiled broadly up at her daughter, who giggled in
response. Her giggle turned to moans of arousal as her
mother manipulated her sex in order to re-fit her clitoral
ring.

At first I was horrified at the broad red stripes that
criss-crossed her breasts and pubic mound, but then I
realised that, far from being traumatised by what was
apparently an awful punishment, Serena was showing all the
signs of extreme arousal. As I was trying to assess my
feelings about this, I became aware that Jack was continuing
to address me.

"... through in a few minutes. Before then, however, I need
to explain a little more about Sofia and how I feel we
should proceed to ensure her happiness."

"I'm terribly sorry. I didn't quite catch the beginning of
that."

"I said that Sofia and her parents would come through in a
few minutes..." I indicated that I had heard the rest of his
statement, and he tailed off. 

"Now, old chap, where was I?" He stared, unseeing, as Serena
was detached from the frame and the two naked women hugged
one another.

"Thanks, Mum. That was great!"

"One day you may be able to return the compliment."

Jack coughed, "If I can drag you away from ogling my slaves,
I'd like to continue to explain how I think we can work
things out." His casual possessiveness of my fiance caused
my hackles to rise, though it did have the desired effect of
focussing my attention on him.

"As I informed you earlier, since Sofia has met you and
formed an attachment with you, I have noted a change in her
feelings for me. I'd say she has discovered the difference
between familial love and romantic love." He looked closely
at me, trying to gauge my reaction to all this. I wished him
luck; even I wasn't sure how I felt.

"I know that you think of her as 'Serena' and the fact that
she has accepted your name is, for her, more significant
than you realise. My one concern is that Sofia is happy and
fulfilled. You can see from her reactions to her strapping
that her desires are not those of other girls that you may
have known. I know that you would do your best and I have no
doubt of the depths of your feelings for her, but you lack
knowledge."

He continued to speak. "I imagine that you are thinking that
things would have been a lot simpler if Sofia was not what
she is. However, that is pointless speculation and we have
to deal with things the way they are and not the way we
would like them to be. Sofia has grown up believing herself
to be a pleasure slave and it is up to you to deal with it."
He held up his hand to forestall my protestations. "Before I
can give my blessing to your marriage, I need to be sure
that you are the one to keep her fulfilled."

"I'd do just about anything for her. I've never felt like
this about anyone before."

"Yes, I know." He paused and looked uncomfortable. "There is
no easy way to say this; I've had you vetted." By now I was
too numb to do more than acknowledge the invasion of my
privacy. He indicated a folder lying on a desk pushed
against the wall. "To summarise the findings of my
investigators, you are as fine a young man as I could wish
to meet. Indeed they were quite effusive, Monica especially
sends her regards and says that you have renewed her faith
in men."

I couldn't quite understand what he was talking about and
then I remembered a girl at a party, who seemed to spend all
night trying to get me to leave with her for a 'quickie, no
strings attached'. Serena had been away for a week or so and
I still had a week to go before I saw her again. I'd been
seriously horny, but I hadn't even been tempted. I turned to
him outraged, "You tried to set me up!"

"No! It was a test, one that you passed with flying colours,
I might add. Had you failed it, I would have done nothing. I
wouldn't have needed to, as your relationship with Sofia
would not have lasted." I mulled this over and realised that
I wasn't really bothered, which seemed strange. I ought to
feel upset. I shrugged and waited for him to continue.

"I won't apologise for doing it. I would do it again, in an
instant, if by doing so I could spare Sofia some lasting
unhappiness."

"So we are agreed that Serena's happiness is our overriding
concern."

He grinned at my transparent attempt to express my claim to
her love. "Indeed. So before I can give your union my
blessing, I wish you to undergo some training, so that you
can better cater to her needs. Then, when I am happy that
you have a good grounding in this lifestyle, I would be
delighted to see you both her husband and her Master."

I was lost for words. This was not what I expected at all.

"You have a lot to think about; I'll send Sofia in first and
leave you two alone to talk. I'd suggest that you wait until
we are all together before we discuss Mastership training,
but I'll leave that up to you."

He left me then and I sat, heavily, in another of the
overstuffed armchairs that seemed to be obligatory in this
sort of house.

The door opened and I stood up as Serena scampered in. The
marks had already started to fade and apart from a slight
puffiness around her eyes I would never have known that she
had been crying. I hugged her. At first I was tentative, but
she crushed me to her, causing her to gasp a little as my
clothes rubbed her sore breasts.

"Are you all right? I saw " I gestured to the viewing
window.

Serena giggled. "I guessed that he would bring you here to
see, I hope that I put on a good show for you. Mum is a real
artist with the strap."

"Didn't it hurt?"

"Oh God yes! I absolutely hate getting the strap. The worst
thing is when she takes out my rings then I just know that
my tits and my pussy are going to get it." She looked up at
me and blushed. "But afterwards, that's a different story. I
get so turned on I could almost screw the furniture. Master
is such a meanie to say that I can't make love to you yet."

The casual way she said it belied the force of her words on
me. My fiance was still under the control of another man. I
flinched. "Oh David! I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you.
It's just that I'm excited. He said that he had a solution
to our 'problem' and he's never let me down yet, so I
assumed that he'd spoken to you about it." She started to
cry a little.

I stroked her hair, kissed the tears away from her cheeks
and nibbled on her nose, causing a watery smile to emerge.
"He has, he asked me not to say anything about it until we
are all together. He did leave us alone to talk and I need
you to tell me how you feel and why you need this."

I returned to the chair and sat down. Serena knelt at my
feet. I felt a slight twinge at this but I forced it aside
as I concentrated wholly on Serena and what she had to say.

"For as long as I've been aware, I've known that I was a
slave. Not one of those mindless robotic ones, but a
pleasure slave. I've been trained to be able to bring you
immense pleasure and it gives me great pleasure to do so."
She grimaced at me. "It will be a relief for me to stop the
'inexperienced but enthusiastic' act I can tell you. It's
such a strain to be so bad when I know I can do so much
better."

I was immediately transported to the blowjob that she gave
me last night; was it only last night? I asked myself. It
seemed much further in the past. I realised now that she had
been an order of magnitude more skilful than she had been
before that night. With so much on my mind it had hardly
registered. Part of me was interested in this revelation and
part of me was appalled at that part of me that was
interested. Feeling somewhat schizoid about things, I
returned my attention to Serena. She had stopped talking the
instant that my attention had wandered, another aspect of
her training I wondered?

"For me, being a pleasure slave is a matter of pride. I want
to be the best damn slave I can be, but to do that I need to
have the commitment that my Master will be the best that he
can be too. I love you. In the last few months I've realised
that, though I love my Master, it's a dutiful love; whereas
with you it just fills every fibre of my being. I want to
share every aspect of me with you and in return I want all
of you. Does that make sense?"

I slipped out of the chair and kissed her fiercely.

"I'll take that as a 'Yes' then?" We giggled and laughed
like a couple of teenagers. The sound of the door opening
behind us brought us back to normality and we stood to await
the whomever might enter. Jack was first in, followed by
Salome and Samuel. Serena fell to her knees and adopted what
I had come to recognise as the default posture when in his
presence. I admired the grace that she showed and ruthlessly
suppressed any other feelings that I might have had about
her exposing herself thus, to another man.

Jack waited until Salome and Samuel were similarly
positioned and sat down across from me. "I've made this
suggestion to David already so I'm going to make it again
with you all present."

The three kneeling figures looked at him expectantly.
"Before I'm willing to bless Sofia's marriage to David, I
think he needs to undergo some training so that he can
eventually become her Master as well as her husband."

Serena shrieked in glee. "Of course! It's perfect." She
looked sheepishly at Jack. "Sorry, Master."

Salome looked at her daughter and smiled.

"I think I can forgive you this time. Now where was I before
I was so unexpectedly interrupted?" He smiled warmly at
Serena to indicate that he was teasing her. "It's always
been my contention that one can't be a good Master until one
has experienced what it is to be a slave." I looked up
sharply at this. "Calm yourself, my dear chap. I have no
intention of making you my slave." He chuckled at the
absurdity of the very idea of it. What's wrong with me? Am I
that unattractive? I told myself to shut up and listen. "No,
it's time, also, for Sofia to experience life from the other
side of the divide. So let us kill two birds with one stone.
Sofia will be your Mistress for a few weeks, under the
supervision of Salome and Samuel. When they are convinced
that both of you have learnt what you have to learn, then it
will be Sofia's job to teach David how to be a Master. When
she is satisfied with him; we will arrange a date for the
wedding and all the rest of it. I would"

Both of the women were beside themselves with glee and
immediately began to monopolise the conversation as they
proceeded to make rapid-fire plans; speaking and listening
simultaneously in the way that only women can.

"Let's see it's mid-May now if we assume 6 weeks for"

"Six weeks! He's much quicker than"

"But we'll need that time to get the dress made, then
there's the venue"

"We could have it here if"

"Flowers? What's good in July?"

"Peach and white are the colours I've always"

"Great, you'll be in white, well ivory and the bridesmaids
in"

"Bridesmaids! I haven't spoken to Nicky in"

"Ladies, if I could"

"Morning dress or"

"Ladies"

"Oooh yes, they're so sexy in "

After his second attempt to interrupt the two of them was a
failure, Jack clapped his hands sharply. The chat ceased in
an instant. "Now, while I realise that every second is
precious in the arcane rites of wedding planning, I hadn't
quite finished." He winked at me as he continued. "Since
Salome seems intent on leading her daughter astray, I think
it best if she occupies her mouth in a more productive
fashion while I continue with what I was saying."

Salome blushed at this mild rebuke and crawled gracefully to
a position between her Master's legs, using her teeth and
tongue with a dexterity that showed years of practice she
unbuckled his belt and opened his trousers. Jack seemed
unaware of her ministrations as she carefully extracted his
flaccid penis from within. With great care and precision she
suckled gently. Jack ignored my astonished stare and was
looking at Serena; I turned to follow his gaze and I was
shocked to see the lust and yearning in her expression. He
came to a decision.

"I swear this family have given me more problems than all
the rest of my slaves put together!" Salome giggled from
around Jack's cock. "David, you don't mind if Sofia puts her
mouth to 'better use' with you, do you?" 

The very urbanity in which the lewd request was couched made
me grin widely. I shrugged my acquiescence, not trusting
myself to speak. Serena squealed with joy and proceeded to
emulate her mother's actions, only with me as the recipient.
Very soon I could feel myself surrounded by her hot mouth as
she suckled on me with a soothing action, it was
surprisingly restful. Samuel gazed on impassively as his
wife and daughter knelt before us. I wondered what was
running through his mind. Jack looked askance at the
ceiling. 

"Oh don't just kneel there looking hangdog, Samuel. I'm sure
you can think of something to do with that pole of yours
with your wife kneeling in front of you." 

Needing no second invitation he scooted forward and impaled
Salome on his erection, causing her to groan in response. I
relaxed in my chair, just another afternoon in with the
family. Jack interrupted my incipient laughter by continuing
to speak. 

"Now, as I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted; I
would suggest that David comes here with Sofia for a week of
intensive training, starting Friday evening. After that,
they can go back to work and David can continue his training
on weeknights with her at home and they both can come here
for long weekends."

"What about booking holidays? It's a bit short notice."

"Since I'm the Chairman of the Board of your company, I
think you'll find that holiday time is not a problem." The
mystery of the familiarity of his voice was solved. I'd
heard it on a speakerphone during a company meeting. He
carried on, "Since Sofia is a slave name and Serena will
probably be your slave name for her, I would suggest that
once the weekend starts you call her Mistress Jane or just
simply Mistress."

"Jane?"

"It's her given name." He looked at his watch then he looked
at Serena and then at me. "You've had an emotional time. I
suggest that you let Sofia complete her task and then you
and she should return home and discuss this thoroughly. The
car will be ready to take you back whenever you are ready.
You should plan on being collected to return on Friday at 8
p.m. sharp." With that he signalled to Salome and Samuel to
disconnect themselves from each other and from him. As they
rose to follow him from the room, Jack turned and spoke to
no one in particular. "I have to have a discussion with a
couple of slaves about the respect that is due to a Master!"

When the door closed Serena took that as a signal to go to
town. The nave but enthusiastic act was completely shot as
she made me delirious with pleasure. Eventually I rewarded
her eager mouth as I came, groaning my approval of her
technique.

-Continued-

-- 
http://www.asstr.org/~arty
