Story Codes - MF/F bd bondage cheat cons dom Fdom nc rape sad snuff tort viol ws

Andrea sat at her desk, watching her handsome boss through the glass pane in the door leading to his inner office.  She had spent much of the day doing this, working up her courage.  Today was going to be the day that she finally made her move.  She was wearing her most seductive `office-appropriate' clothing, a white blouse that was unbuttoned enough to reveal way too much cleavage, a short, tight black skirt that headed far north of her knees when she bent over, dark hose with seams that followed the curves along the back of her thighs and calves, and tall black pumps which added several inches to her 5'4'' frame.  

She touched up her vibrant red lipstick in her compact mirror before finally rising from her chair and straightening her skirt, then headed into her boss's office, closing the door behind her and pulling the blinds closed over the door.  Her boss looked up at her and raised both of his eyebrows, though he didn't protest as much as smirk at her playfullness.  "And just what do you think you're doing, Andrea?" he said, leaning back in his chair.  

"You know exactly what I'm doing, Sir," she said as she swayed her way around his desk, stepping behind his chair and sliding her palms down over the front of his shirt inside his suit jacket.  "I've been watching you watching me all these months I've been working for you, Sir, and I just can't stand it any more."  Her fingers finally reached his lap as her lips came to rest beside his right ear.

"Andrea..." he said, though his voice was raspy and quiet.

"Shhh..." she said into his ear, while her fingers started working on his belt and the buttons that went down the front of his trousers.  "You don't have to say a word, Sir.  I know you want this as much as I do."  She reached into his pants and pulled his rapidly stiffening cock from the front of his boxer shorts, stroking it with all ten fingers.

"Andrea..." he repeated, a little louder this time, "I have a wife..."

"I don't care," she said, running the tip of her tongue around the edge of his ear as her fingers skillfully manipulated his member.  "Besides," she added with a sinister smirk in her voice, "I believe the marriage vows say, `till death do us part.'  I can help you with that, if you like, Sir..."  She started twisting the base of his shaft with one hand while her other stroked him faster.

"What...what are you talking about...?"

She giggled into his ear, sliding her tongue inside.  "You know exactly what I'm talking about, Sir."  She was already bringing him close to the edge, her talented hands twisting and tugging, milking him.  "I know how much you want to be rid of her.  What's her name?  Mandi?  I can help you make Mandi disappear..."  

Her suggestion seemed to be the very thing that pushed him over the edge, and he suddenly squirted straight into the air.  Andrea giggled and reached out with both hands to catch the globs of spunk as they fell.  She let his cock twitch as she stepped around him and sat on his desk, then lapped his sperm from her palms and fingers, loving the expression this brought to his face.  She knew she had him now.  He'd do anything for her.

Mandi was just finishing setting the table for her husband when she heard his car pulling up the drive.  She was a little annoyed by his last minute phone call, informing her that they'd be having company over that night.  Still, she hadn't met his new secretary, and she was curious to see who it was he spent all his days with.  She went to open the door and then smiled as she saw the two of them walking up the steps of the porch.  

"Hi Honey," she said to her husband as he stepped inside and kissed her on the cheek.  Then she turned her attention to his secretary.  "And I haven't had the pleasure of meeting you yet.  I'm Mandi, and you must be..."

"Andrea," said the other woman, and instead of taking Mandi's proffered hand she punched her squarely in the face.  Mandi staggered back, covering her nose with both hands.  It felt broken.

"Wha...wha are you-" she tried to protest, but Andrea clocked her again, this time in the side of the head, and she fell, everything going black.

When she woke up, Mandi found herself in her bedroom.  Everything was hazy, and it took her several moments to remember what had happened.  The throbbing pain in her head is what brought it back to her.  That woman, that Andrea person, had hit her!  She must have been knocked unconscious.  

She also realized for the first time that she was naked.  She tried to call out for her husband, and thats when she realized that her mouth was stuffed with some kind of material.  It tasted like pantyhose.  There was tape stretched across her face as well, and she couldn't move her arms and legs.  She was tied in place.  What the hell was going on?

Andrea peeked into the room when she heard the muffled noises that indicated Mandi must be waking up, and when she saw the other woman's eyes wide open with confusion, she giggled and skipped back into the living room.  Her boss was there, completely naked, sitting in his recliner, sipping a beer.  She was naked as well, except for her black pumps, and she leaned down beside him to announce, "She's awake, Sir...I think we should do it now.  I don't think I can wait any longer.  I've already got the stuff we talked about right beside the bed."

Her boss, Mandi's husband, tried to smile back and finished his beer with one long gulp, then handed her the empty bottle.  Andrea could tell he was hesitating now, after coming down from the incredible sex they'd just had while Mandi dozed.  "I don't know, Andrea...I mean...it just seems so..."

Andrea interrupted him.  "I know you aren't backing out on me now, are you Sir?  I mean, we're already so deep into this that we'll both be in trouble if we just untie her now."  She sat the empty bottle on an end table and climbed into his lap, slowly grinding her naked body against his.  "Besides, I know how badly you really want to do this.  You came so hard while we talked about it."  

It was true.  As they'd discussed Andrea's plans for Mandi while they fucked beside her unconscious body, he'd responded quite vigorously.  She wasn't surprised that now, as his lust had subsided, that he was having second thoughts.  She just needed to get him excited again.  She reached between her legs to grab his semi-hard cock, stroking it against her cunt lips as she spoke.

"Think about how hot it will be, Sir, to see how scared she is, how much it will hurt her...God I know it turns you on just as much as it does me..."  It was obvious that it did, since his member immediately responded to her words as much as her actions.  Soon he was grabbing her hips and moving as if to take her again.  "No!" she said quickly, pulling away and grabbing his cock to lead him from the chair.  "Save it for her!"

Together they stepped into the bedroom where Mandi was bound and whimpering.  Her eyes went wide when she saw the two of them.  What was he doing with her?  Why wasn't he helping her?  She watched her assailant stroking her husband as they stepped up to the bed.  Andrea released her husband's cock and climbed up onto the mattress and glared down at her with a malicious grin.  

"Oh Mandi, you're gonna get it now.  You're gonna get it so bad..."  As she spoke, Mandi's husband climbed onto the bed too, between her legs.  She looked at him, but Andrea grabbed her face and turned it back up to look at her.  "You stupid little bitch," she said, still smiling that smile.  "Don't look at him like he's yours anymore.  He's mine now, and he's going to do things to you just for me."  

Andrea puckered her lips and spat in Mandi's eye as her boss lifted his wife's hips and forced his stiff cock into her.  Mandi let out a muffled cry, her eyes welling up with tears, but her husband ignored her, thrusting hard into her, taking her harder than he ever had, as hard as he'd always wanted to.  He wasn't just fucking her.  He was raping her.  His own wife, the woman who'd loved him all these years. 

Andrea egged him on while she made the bound woman look at her.  "Fuck the bitch, make her squeal!"  She slapped Mandi's bare breasts with the palm and nails of her free hand, then raked her chest.  "She's just a fucking hole for you now, and you can do whatever you want to her!"

Mandi continued to moan as her husband violated her, while Andrea climbed down off the bed and grabbed the thing she'd brought from the garage.  She lifted it over Mandi, who immediately recognized it as the present she'd gotten him for Christmas the previous year.  It was a  16-gauge straight finish nail gun, and it was all hooked up and ready for use.  This is when Mandi started in earnest to scream into her improvised gag.

Her husband looked at the nail gun, and he hesitated again, though his hips kept moving, thrusting into Mandi's body.  Andrea grabbed his left hand and put the tool into his fingers, then pulled the nozzle down against the middle of Mandi's stomach, right above her navel.  "Do it, baby," she said in her most seductive voice.  "Make her hurt so bad for me."

This was all it took to make Mandi's husband cave into her desire, and he squeezed the trigger, sending the thick metal nail into Mandi's flesh.  She squealed a high pitched, muffled squeal, but this only turned Andrea on even more.  It also had an effect on Mandi's husband, who fucked her even harder than ever.  

"I told you it would be hot," said Andrea, and she leaned back, playing with her wet cunt while she watched Mandi's husband take over, dragging the nail gun over the front of Mandi's quivering, twisting torso.  In seconds he'd put another nail into her, this time in her hip.  A third went into her leg.  Before a minute had passed there were a dozen nails portruding from the front of Mandi's body from just below her left breast to the tops of both of her thighs.

Andrea loomed over Mandi again as Mandi's husband kept nailing her, both literally and figuratively, and she started licking Mandi's tear-streaked face while she rubbed herself to climax.  "Fucking hurt you little piece of shit!"  She came like that, staring into Mandi's horror-filled eyes.  Mandi's husband brought the gun to his wife's face, but Andrea grabbed his wrist. 

"Wait!  I want to keep her pretty..."  She stroked her victim's cheeks and then got up from the bed.  "I know just the thing.  Don't cum till I get back!"

A minute later she'd returned with her purse, and from it she pulled a transparent plastic bag, which had contained her lunch earlier that day.  She dumped the crumbs out on the floor, and then she grabbed Mandi by the hair.  Mandi's husband watched, not sure what was about to happen, just struggling to keep from climaxing inside his struggling, bleeding wife.

Andrea forced the bag over Mandi's face and then grabbed the tape that she'd use to cover Mandi's mouth.  She tore off a strip and wrapped it around her victim's throat, sealing the bag off, and almost immediately Mandi was gasping for air.  Andrea climbed up on top of her, pushing her naked bottom into the air in front of Mandi's husband.  "Fuck me now!  Cum inside me while we watch her die!"

Mandi's husband quickly pulled out of her and plunged into Andrea's sopping wet cunt, and Andrea moaned right into Mandi's face, keeping her eyes on her victim as Mandi gasped through her nostrils, feeling less and less oxygen reaching her lungs every second.  
"She's doing it, baby!  She's totally dying for us!"  Mandi's husband fucked Andrea harder as Andrea moaned and Mandi suffocated, and when Mandi's body began to spasm and she started to piss the bed, Andrea came on her husband's cock.  He was right behind her, filling her gaping hole with his seed and then collapsing on her, causing her to crush Mandi beneath both of them.  

Mandi was too weak to even whimper at the extra pain of the nails being driven deeper into her flesh by the weight of the two bodies, and soon her eyes were rolling back in her head.  Andrea pushed her lips against Mandi's mouth through the plastic bag as if to kiss her while she died, and then she lifted her head and turned to face Mandi's husband.  "She's gone, Sir..."

It took a while to get all the nails out of Mandi's front.  When they finished cleaning her up, they used the tools in her husband's shed to dismember her body, keeping a few choice pieces.  Her thighs and ass were cooked by Andrea, and together they dined on her that night.  Her head they kept in the freezer until Andrea could get in contact with an underground taxidermist who agreed to preserve it properly for them, and after that she was kept on the nightstand beside their bed.  Andrea loved looking into the glass eyes the taxidermist had given her while she fucked Mandi's husband every night

email me at andreadarling@outlook.com

thanks for reading :)