Mandy’s Pantyless Adventure
by gunhilltrain

Mandy’s neighborhood walk brings out her kinky side.

Miranda wanted to try an exciting new stunt for herself. About a week earlier she had walked around her neighborhood with just her garter and straps on under her skirt, and those were holding up her nylon stockings.

However, she had no panties on above those garments. She had found the sensations to be delightful, and she had masturbated three times when she had come home. But the garter had been ample, although it was open at the bottom, and it covered much of her pubic area. Now she wanted to know what it would feel like to have nothing at all under her skirt.

Mandy tried it one weekday afternoon near the end of September. Her outer clothes were rather modest. She had a short-sleeved blouse and a cotton skirt that came down just above her knees. She had to do some walking, so she had sneakers and white ankle socks. But under her skirt, she was totally naked.

Before leaving her apartment, she looked at herself in her full-length mirror. She was a tall, well-built young woman with short dark-blonde hair. She lifted her skirt and examined her body. Well, Mandy, your behind and your crotch are going to be completely bare this time. I expect the results are going to be even more dramatic than before.

She went down in the elevator of her building and emerged on Sedgwick Avenue. She was going to follow a similar route as last time and walk down the hill about a half-mile to Broadway, a busy shopping street.

As soon as she was on the sidewalk, she noticed a similar effect as before, but it was indeed more intense. It was a warm and sunny day, and the summery air rose off the streets. Mandy could feel it on her crotch, hips, and buttocks. There's nothing at all between me and the pavement. As she turned the corner into Fort Independence Street, she was feeling the first tingles in her cunt.

It was also pleasing to know that passersby would see her as a nice, unassuming girl, not brazen in any way, and they wouldn't know that she was nude under her skirt. As she walked along briskly, she was more aware of her legs moving than usual. I look like a good girl at first glance, but in reality, I feel so wanton this way. I'm not wearing a halter top and shorts like those hot-weather bad girls, but I feel so naughty anyway.

By the time she reached Bailey Avenue at the bottom of the hill, she was aware of her sexual arousal. That expression, my panties are getting damp -- well, my entire pussy is getting damp right now.

She had fantasies of flashing herself at men, even though she didn't have the nerve to attempt such a thing. But the thoughts were powerful anyway. I should just walk past the open doors of that firehouse and give them a glimpse of what I've got. It would be a lot of fun to be a complete tease about it. Hey guys, you're always rescuing people; rescue me from myself.

She decided to take the 230th Street bridge over the expressway. In a couple of minutes, she arrived on Broadway under the el train and she walked north. There were more pedestrians there and she was even more aware of the contrast between her appearance and her intense inner feelings.

This is better than last time, but it's almost too good; it's becoming a distraction. It was as if the mere act of walking was going to give her an orgasm and rather soon.

Mandy thought about her boyfriend Paul, and she knew she could be instantly penetrated by him; there would be no need for foreplay. She had to stop for a few moments to gain control of herself. She could feel herself sweating all over her body. But the wettest part of her was now her pussy. She felt the fluids starting to come out and she worried about dripping on the sidewalk.

I've got to get a grip on myself. She decided to go into a large drugstore and buy a soda. The air-conditioned air in there helped calm her down. Yet she couldn't meet the eyes of the young clerk who gave her change. She had the urge to say, hey, I'm not wearing underpants under my skirt. What do you think of that? Then she would quickly walk out.

But no, that would be unfair to him. She remembered Paul saying that a woman doing that would be committing a real provocation.

Outside, she stood for a few minutes and tried to deal with the situation. But when she started to walk again, that remorseless urge was soon back in her cunt. She could feel the cloth of her skirt rubbing on her behind and she knew her nipples had stiffened inside her bra.

I want to -- no, I need to masturbate, like right now. She needed a place to sit down, just to relax, and she took a dogleg back to Bailey Avenue along 231st Street. Briefly she noted that the small Dale Theater was showing Outlaw Blues. I couldn't masturbate in there; it's such a little place. She remembered the huge Paradise Theater on the Grand Concourse, but she could be home much faster than she could get to that place.

About a block up on Bailey there was a small park with benches, and Mandy sat on one of those. In a couple of minutes, she felt more relaxed, but the level of horniness she had reached wasn't going to go away quickly. She pressed her thighs together, which felt very nice, but she didn't think she could come that way. Besides, I don't want to climax sitting here on a bench in the middle of the day. For one thing, I want to do some loud moaning.

Another fantasy came to her. I'm such a bad girl. I should flash my pussy at some man and have him give me a good spanking, right over his lap on this bench. Maybe a police car would pass, and she could get the cops to do it. We're not going to take you in for public lewdness (or would they just give me a ticket?), but we are going to make sure you never do it again.

Oh, the shame of it, the humiliation, of being right here in the open getting my behind soundly whacked. But that was the whole point of it, the fact that made it so intriguing to her.

I've got to get home already; I'll take the bus. I should have brought a pair of panties along in my purse; well, there is always next time.

Back on 231st in front of the Dale Theater, she caught the Bx1 bus up the hill. In about ten minutes it would drop her off near her building in Kingsbridge Heights. New York buses back then had seats lining the sides, all facing inwards. It wasn't that crowded, and she found a seat more than halfway towards the back.

She didn't know whether to cross her legs or just sit with her knees pressed together. The latter seemed best. Now that she wasn't walking, the physical sensations were less intense but there still was that underlying horniness.

As she exited the bus, she had an urge to flip her skirt up and shake her bare bottom at everybody. Bye, guys, have a good trip. By the way, don't I have a nice backside? It's not the smallest one in the world, but I think it's really beautiful.

She was struck by her own need to exhibit herself, something that she had only experienced once before during her previous experiment with the garter. Wow, all of this merely because I lack underpants? It was very heady stuff.

Her roommate Vivian wasn't home, so Mandy sat down on the sofa in the living room. There was no point in wasting time, so she pulled her skirt up around her hips, and put a hand between her legs. It only took a few minutes of working her fingers around vulva, and she had an intense climax. It was so strong that she leaned forward and yelled out in pleasure. Then she fell back against the cushion.

That was not going to be nearly enough, so she went into her room and within a few minutes she was going at herself again as she sat at the head of her bed. She considered getting her dildo, which was merely a smooth plastic tube but it had a satisfying thickness. It was easily available in the drawer of her side table, but she decided to just use her hands again. The fingers of her left hand went into her vagina, while the fingers of the other rubbed and circled her clitoris.

That time she needed a fantasy, a set of mental images, to go along with the physical actions. She went back to the idea of two cops taking turns disciplining her with their bare hands on her bare rear-end on that Bailey Avenue bench. They took her over their laps; her feet hung down over the edge and her sneakers rubbed against the sidewalk.

Oh, please, I'll never do it again; I'll be a good girl from now on. She imagined a small number of passersby, maybe ten or so, gathering around to watch her being punished. One was a teenaged boy who said, "Officers, do you mind if I take a shot at her too?" However, they denied him this, although Mandy thought it was an appealing idea. It may be a fantasy, but I should attempt to make it plausible I guess.

For the finale, Mandy pictured the cops ordering her to get up on her hands and knees so they could whip her with their belts. It was so arousing to imagine this that she reached an orgasm as she was envisioning the sixth stroke of the second cop's belt on her ass. She made a lot of noise and she fell back on her pillow. Her legs were spread and she waved them around in the air. In some part of her mind, she was impressed by the swaying of her own sneakers and socks.

After that she needed to take a break, so she went into the kitchen and made herself a sandwich. Her apartment was in the front of the building, and she had a good view of the Jerome Park Reservoir. It was a scene she had always enjoyed, and in fact, it was one of the reasons she had rented the place.

She still didn't feel sexually satisfied and she went back to her bedroom. All of this merely because I lacked underpants for an hour? But she still had the urge for another climax, and this time she took out her smooth, white plastic dildo.

For this fantasy she was wearing her orange and black garter and her dark nylon stockings, but no panties. She was having intercourse with her boyfriend late at night on the Number 1 train. Of course, that wasn't very realistic -- Mandy thought the odds of getting caught were too high. Besides, being in the last car of a train at night was not safe.

Nevertheless, she worked out her scenario in some detail. In this one, Paul was a stranger to her. She pictured him as a vigilante in the style of the Paul Kersey character in Death Wish. On that night she imagined him roaming the trains in search of muggers to shoot. That was completely unlike him of course, and Mandy herself didn't believe in the murder of low-level criminals by amateur law enforcers.

Nevertheless, the idea of her boyfriend being armed and dangerous was very arousing. As in most sexual fantasies, the plot was condensed. She made no attempt to figure out what she was doing in that car. However, Paul briefly explained what his mission was and he even showed his gun to her.

In the next moment, she was kneeling on the seat presenting her bare bottom to him. Then they were doing it cowgirl style on the hard gray plastic seat. The train was still underground at that point, and Mandy could look out the window as it emerged from the tunnel at Dyckman Street. Then she was lost in her own pleasure, and she no longer envisioned the view out the window even though it was ingrained in her memory from her many trips on that route.

Her orgasm was just as intense as the ones that had proceeded it. Since it was her fantasy, she had worked it so they both climaxed at the same time. She talked to herself in her bed, saying the dialogue to go along with the actions. Oh that's it, I can feel your hot load shooting up into me! It wasn't the most original material, but fantasies didn't need a lot of verbal creativity.

She lay back on her bed and looked at the ceiling. Maybe I should have offered to join him in his hunt for muggers. They could pretend to be a nice young couple coming home from a late-night date. And any guy who dared try something with them -- well, he'd be sorry in his last moments as he realized they weren't such as easy target after all.

Then she remembered that Paul was at work downtown -- he had gotten a temp job at the office of a construction contractor. Mandy herself worked temp jobs, but she was more sporadic about it. Her roommate Vivian was also at work and wouldn't be home for several hours.

I really should be more ambitious and not hang around here all day beating off. Then her professional aspirations left her mind. She decided to call Paul later and invite him out. Actually, she was going to invite him to bang her. They could go in his car to their favorite trysting place in Van Cortlandt Park.

When she was on the phone with Paul a few hours later, she got right to the point.

"I've been very naughty again. I've been walking around the neighborhood without any panties on."

"You promised the next time you did that, you'd take with me along too,

remember?"

"I know I did, but you weren't here, and I had the urge to experiment again."

"Did you have your garter again this time?"

"No, I went fully bare this time; no underthings at all. There was nothing between me and the sidewalk but warm air."

"So, how did that go?"

"Oh Paul, it was even more intense this time. I didn't want to wait until I got home; I was thinking of going into the Dale Theater and masturbating in there, but it's too small for that."

She heard her boyfriend laugh, "You should have gone in the direction of the Paradise; there's plenty of room in there!"

"But seriously, I want you to come over this evening and take me out in your car."

He didn't have to consider it for very long, "All right, I can do that."

"Also, as I've said, I've been a very bad girl."

"Why, just because you didn't wear panties?"

"I went beyond that. I fantasized about other men, like flashing my body at them in public."

"That's not such a big deal."

"Well, do you think about other women?"

She heard him hesitate. She knew he was going to tease her by either denying it completely or going in the opposite direction and agree and exaggerate it to an absurd degree.

He went with the latter tactic, "Sure Mandy, I do it all the time. Like the head bookkeeper here, my boss, she's forty-four-years-old but she wears these tight trousers and she has an amazingly big round ass. I want her to bend over her desk there so I can take her from behind."

"All right, how about Vivian?" Vivian Hannity was Mandy's roommate at the Kingsbridge Heights apartment.

Again he hesitated, but this time he went in the other direction. "No, never her; I'd never think about somebody you know so well."

For some reason, Mandy didn't believe him. I really should keep track of things and make sure he doesn't come over here when I'm out. She tried to deny her own thoughts; it was weird to be overly suspicious of people. Besides, he's really into me.

But Vivian is such a nice, quiet girl compared to my wild behavior. And Paul is a man after all. They'll fuck anybody if they get a chance. But she remembered that she had started her own affair with Vivian about two months before meeting her new boyfriend. Later he suspected that something was going on between the two, but he couldn't confirm it.

Back then Mandy had thought, it's great that two bi-sexual chicks are sharing an apartment. Yet neither one had known about the orientation of the other when they had met during their undergraduate days at Lehman. In fact, only Vivian had any real-life experiences with other women; for Mandy, it had all been fantasies.

She shook her head to clear her mind. Come on, Mandy, don't be a hypocrite. Besides, you have been lusting in your heart today too. I mean, we're all only human.

She said to Paul over the phone, "Never mind, that was a dumb thing to talk about. Just come over here and pick me up."

"So you won't have your panties on when I get there?"

She laughed, "If that's what you want honey, then that's what you'll get. Besides, that's what I want too!"

********
