Introduction:  When I was fifteen, I began an affair with the mother of a friend. I had no intention of doing so; she essentially seduced me. Edna may not have been a beautiful woman, but she was undeniably attractive, with a full figure. A boy of my age might be attracted to the figure of his female contemporaries, but when a woman in her late thirties takes off her clothes for him, her body creates a chemical reaction in him that is irresistible. This story recounts some of the episodes in that remarkable period of my life, when a mature, highly passionate woman took me into her bed, and her body, and gave me experiences of indescribable pleasure. All names have been changed, and the principal characters are no longer living.

Chapter 1

	It's often difficult to see what's coming at you. That was certainly true in my case, in this case. I rode my bicycle over to see my friend Steven. There was no answer at the door, so I walked around to the back yard.  No Steven, but his mother was there. "Hi Mrs. Golden," I called out, as I walked through the back gate into the yard. She was sunbathing on a beach chair near the back of the yard, in one of the few spots where there would be afternoon sun. She tilted her head slightly, then sat up, taking off her sunglasses. "He's not here right now. He went to Boston with his father."  By now she was standing, and my fifteen year old mind had no problem registering the fact that there was a very womanly figure there, in her one piece bathing suit. The suit was pretty modest, but her breasts were big enough to expose a significant bit of cleavage. I couldn't take my eyes off that cleavage. I had seen Playboy, so women's breasts were not unknown to me, but although this was only a bit of cleavage, it was genuine flesh, which made it completely different. Mrs. Golden was a fleshy mother of two in her late thirties, as nice as they come, but to me she was an actual woman in a bathing suit, with a real woman's shape. And I couldn't take my eyes off her cleavage. If she had been stark naked, I couldn't have been any more transfixed. I suppose that my standing there, mutely staring at her breasts, eventually got old for her. "Do you want a glass of OJ?" "Yes," I answered... "Yes please." She slipped into her sandals, and headed toward the back door. I followed, staring mutely at her bare legs, and the outline of her rear end. As we stepped into the house, I nearly bumped into her, but did manage to recover my bearings just in time.
	"Look, before I get your OJ, would you come upstairs and help me for a minute?" The sound of her voice got me to break my stare at her cleavage once more. "Sure." I followed her upstairs, and into the bedroom. She went into the bathroom, and came back with a tube of something. "The sun dried out my skin too much. Would you put some of this on for me?" I didn't actually answer, but I did take the tube from her. She got down on the bed, face down. I wasn't sure what to do, so I squeezed a little cream onto my hand, and stood there. Finally, she asked me to rub some on her back. I approached the bed, and reached down to start. I had never touched anyone's mother, and hardly even a girl worth mentioning.  I rubbed in little circles, carefully avoiding any contact with the bathing suit straps. "That feels very good," she said in a contented sounding voice. Suddenly, my hand brushed one of the straps. I pulled back, pretty sure that I'd done something wrong. "Gary, would you just pull the strap off my shoulder, and rub some underneath, please?" I did as I was told. As I slipped the strap off, she rose up slightly, so that I could get it farther off. In so doing, I caught a glimpse of the side of her breast, and my heart started beating double time. My penis was rock hard, and in a very uncomfortable place in my pants. We went through pretty much the same ritual with the other strap, though I had to go to the other side of the bed for that. I was trying to reach over half the queen size bed at this point, which was quite a stretch. "You can come onto the bed, you know. It might make it a lot easier." "Uh huh," I grunted, and crawled onto the bed, on my knees, to rub more lotion into her back. "Wait a minute, Gary, let me roll over so you can do my front." She did just that, rolling toward me, and bringing her right arm tight up against my leg. With the straps down, her cleavage had gotten a lot bigger. It seemed to me that most of her breasts were out of the suit. And they were big. She reached up to the right shoulder, and pulled the strap down further. "Go as low as you can. I'm afraid I might have a sunburn tomorrow." She was right. I thought for a minute, then put some lotion on my finger tips, and gently rubbed it into her chest,  gradually moving down to the flesh of her breast. Her breast seemed to move all around when I rubbed it, so I carefully rubbed up and down, trying to not pull it the rest of the way out of her suit. She reached up again, and pulled the suit completely off her right breast. I stopped, speechless, staring at something I had never seen before, though I had imagined it ever since I first saw her this morning. My erection throbbed in my pants. "Will you go the rest of the way down?" she asked, as if she were asking me to walk across the room. I started rubbing the lotion in again, working it down, avoiding her nipple, but my hand strayed by accident, brushing her nipple for just a fleeting moment. "Oh, that feels so good," she said, in a deep, even voice. "Please do it there some more." I  squeezed out a bit more lotion, and went to work on her nipple, and the skin below it. Her breathing changed, and she started to make little moaning sounds. Her eyes seemed glazed over, but she reached up and pulled the suit off her other breast. It was less startling than the first, but I kept at what I was doing. "Do the other one, PLEASE." Her nipples had become hard, with the tips sticking out straight. I began to realize that she had become aroused, but had only a general idea of what that meant. She put her hand down between her legs, and then suddenly reached up with her other hand and grabbed my erection where it pushed out against my pants. I jumped back, slightly, then succumbed to this irresistible pleasure that seemed to spring directly from my penis. My hips moved instinctively back and forth once or twice, then my penis exploded in a giant rush of pleasure such as I'd never imagined existed. For a short moment, I couldn't control the movement of my hips. Then I felt dampness in my pants. I was frozen in place. I realized that I had ejaculated in my underwear. My only feeling was of amazement. Mrs. Golden took her hand from my crotch, lifted her hips, and peeled her bathing suit completely off. I was still kneeling on the bed, looking down at her. There before me was a woman, completely naked, breasts, a thick growth of pubic hair, not at all like the perfectly lit models of Playboy, who always had a sheet artfully placed on their crotch, but a real woman, in the flesh. I stared at her pubic hair. It was much thicker than I imagined it would be. She also happened to be my friend's mother. "Why don't you take off your clothes?" she asked. I'd never been naked in front of a woman, except for my mother, and not even her for a good long time. She, however, was already naked, and had, well, she'd made me come in my pants. I started unbuttoning my shirt, but I couldn't get past the top button. "Here, let me help you," she said, in a voice that seemed too ordinary for an extraordinary time. She did, and she didn't stop with the shirt. When she'd worked her way down to my belt, she undid it, then unbuttoned my pants and pulled down the zipper. "Take off the shirt," she whispered. I some how managed to get the sleeves off, and it dropped on to the bed. I didn't move. She just nodded toward my crotch, suggesting that I take my pants off. I got down on my back, raised my butt in the air, just as she had, and shucked off my jeans. I lay on my back, looking at her. I could have looked at this woman all day, or so I thought. She got up on one elbow and smiled. Her hand reached out, coming to rest on my crotch. "These are all wet. You'd best take them off. I'll give you a pair  of Stevie's later." Hearing this naked woman utter my friend's name seemed so odd. She made me come in my under pants, and now she'd give me a pair of her son's. With that she moved her hand up slightly, grabbed the waist band of my under pants, and pulled them down. I knew enough to lift my butt slightly off the bed again. My rock hard penis popped out, and they were gone in just a second. My last vestige of modesty was gone, and now that it was gone, I felt no further need for it. I was still a boy, not quite understanding what was happening, but it was clear enough to me that I had crossed some kind of threshold. Her hand returned to my crotch and held my penis, squeezing it ever so gently. She sat up, bent down, and took my penis into her mouth. I was erect again. She ran her mouth all the way down its length, then back up and off, just once. That was just one more sensation that I'd never experienced before; it made me nearly jump out of my skin, but I already knew that I wanted more of it. She lay back down on he bed, took my hand, and placed it between her legs. I felt the folds of skin and moisture just below her pubic hair. She moved my hand some. "Here, like this." I moved it the way she'd shown me. She started to moan, almost under her breath. "Yes, just like that. That feels so good!" she said. Her hips were moving in response to my hand, which had become soaked. "Put your hand inside me," she whimpered. She took my hand in hers. "See, like that. Yesss." My hand was partly inside her vagina, with my thumb pressing against the opening. She was getting more and more excited. "Yesss! Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop." She was shivering, her breath husky and shallow. Then she gave one final shudder, and began to settle down. She reached down, held my hand for a moment, then removed it from her crotch. I wanted to feel her pubic hair, but I dared not. I lay there on the bed, staring at the ceiling, not knowing quite what to do. I'd read a few dirty books, so I knew basically how men and women had sex, but exactly how to initiate the mechanics of copulation was not clear. I did, however, understand that my relationship with Mrs. Golden had changed, probably permanently, and I liked the new relationship.
	I decided to do something. I got up on my knees, and bent over to kiss her. My idea of kissing didn't include opening the mouth, but she showed me differently in moments, as her tongue gently pushed its way into my mouth, exploring it, searching out my tongue. I responded in kind, and my own breathing quickened. I was ready, as was she. She pulled me on top of her, and held me tight between her legs. With one hand she held me to her; with the other she found my penis and put it into her vagina. It took only seconds for her to show me how to move, and in very short order I came inside her with a flash of pleasure that I'd only imagined until a short time ago.
	When we had stopped moving together, I looked down at her great big smile, which broadened as I continued to gaze at her. Her face was red, and seemed to me to be fairly glowing. She relaxed her legs' grip on me. I rolled off of her, though I would gladly have stayed in contact with her for a long, long time. "Mrs. Golden," I began, but I had run out of words. She gave me another big smile. "From now on, Gary, when we are in this room, I want you to call me Edna. Only in this room, though. Do you understand?" I did. "You know that Doctor Golden and Stevie must never, ever know about this." I did. "In fact, no one except you and I can ever know about this." "Yes, ma'am," I replied. "Please call me Edna." It sounded strange to hear Mrs. Golden asking me to call her by her first name, but I resolved to not make the mistake again. "One other thing. I know that you are very mature, and very sensible. Sometimes boys your age talk about the things they do, especially things they do with girls. That's never a polite thing to do, but it does happen. But you can never talk about US with your friends." I nodded my understanding. She couldn't know this, but my father had already had a very similar talk with me about  not bragging about what happened with the girls. "Let the other guys brag," he'd said, "Let 'em lie as much as they want. You keep these things to yourself. That's the way gentlemen behave." I believed him.
	We got under the sheets, and talked. It was mostly an older woman asking a boy about himself, but there was a bit more intimacy to it. I wasn't sure how long I was allowed to stay. I wanted more of her, but I was afraid Doctor Golden would come home. "Gary, would you do something for me?" "Sure," I said. "It might seem a little strange to you, but it feels very good to me. Afterwards, I'll do something special for you." I had no idea what she was talking about. "Put your head down between my legs, and kiss my clitoris." I wasn't sure what her clitoris was, but I was willing to find out. I moved toward her crotch, but the odor of her, and the sight of the soft skin on her stomach distracted me. Instinctively, I put my head down to caress her there. "Oooh, that feels good," she cooed. "Oh." I was nuzzling my face into her stomach; she felt good, she smelled good. She held my head to her with both hands. I gently kissed her flesh again and again. Then she was pushing me down toward her crotch. I stared at her pubic hair. I had once seen a picture of two women completely naked. Edna's pubic hair, however, was so much thicker that it fascinated me. She brought a hand down between her legs, used her thumb to comb the hair aside, and two other fingers to spread open her vagina. I began to kiss her. She steered my head to the right spot, and I rubbed my lips back and forth over her clitoris. She gave out a little moan. "Lick me there, please, please." I did, licking her again and again with my tongue. It tasted different, and not completely pleasant, but I didn't care. I wanted to give her pleasure. I wanted to be the best lover I could be. "Oh yes, yes, please don't stop, please, I love it, I LOVE it." She said those words over and over again until they turned into grunts, and her body began to quiver uncontrollably. Then her grunting grew softer, less frantic, her body slowed, and she pushed my head aside. I lay there for a moment, my cheek resting against her thigh, marveling at my power to give her pleasure. I wondered how much pleasure I gave her when I was thrusting inside her, and when I came inside her.
	I sat up, fished through the covers, and plopped down beside her. She touched my hand, just barely, and smiled weakly. I could see a slight film of sweat on her forehead. She looked exhausted, so I rolled over and lay my head on her shoulder, marveling at her scent. I had no idea that a woman could smell this good. I nuzzled her breast, but she stopped me. "Sometimes, after I come, I'm so sensitive that I can hardly bear to be touched there," she told me, "But thank you." "Edna," I said. "Yes?" "Nothing," I said, "I'm just trying out your name." She got up on one elbow, and kissed me, just a peck on the lips, then she licked my lips with her tongue for just a split second, as if to give me a taste of things to come, but only a taste.
	She licked one of my nipples. I had no idea that they could be that sensitive. Then she pecked her way over my stomach, down to my penis, which she kissed, then licked on the bottom, at the base, and at the tip. She held my balls in one hand, whiles kissing them, then licking them. She placed her lips on the head of my penis and pushed down, taking the entire length into her mouth. She moved up, until only the tip was in her mouth, then back down. She continued this way, while holding my balls gently in her hand. I felt that I was about to come. I wasn't sure whether I was supposed to come in her mouth, so I told her that I was about to ejaculate. She just began moving up and down faster. My hips were thrusting - I couldn't control them. I felt a flood of pleasure, and felt myself coming. I realized that I was grunting for her not to stop, just as she had to me. When we had finished, she lay back down beside me. "You have to go soon. It's three, and they're due back at five. We need to be careful." She lay facing me, with a wistful smile. The thought of being caught here, like this, by my friend and his father was enough to get me up. I wish I could have stayed a little longer. After I came in her mouth, I had developed an incredible feeling of relaxed well being. But I had to go. I got dressed. She didn't seem ready to get up, so I came around to the other side of the bed, and gave her a kiss, a big wet one, like the one she had given me. She smiled weakly, and said; "Why don't you go out through the back yard?"
	I let myself out the back door, got on my bicycle, and rode away. I was a bit unsteady for a few blocks, but I'd soon got back my equilibrium. Though I was riding a bicycle, inside my head I was dancing, dancing euphorically. I held this great secret in me. I'd had sex, gotten laid, as my more slang inclined friends might say. I'd had sex with an amazing woman - it had been amazing sex. I'd had no idea it could be like THIS. And it would happen again. I couldn't wait. I'd been so excited that I'd forgotten to put on my wet underwear, and Edna had forgotten to give me a fresh pair of Steven's.


