My name is Jane. I am an Asian-Canadian born of Thai parents 25 years ago in Toronto. I am a registered masseuse and have been operating my own therapeutic massage studio for the past three years or so. I do alright but it is frustrating sometimes getting texts from men wondering if my services include "full stress release" or if leaving "happy" was a possibility. But every business has its down side and putting up with horny men was a reality I had to accept.
My commitment to professionalism had been steadfast but over time I had to be more flexible. I discovered that offering undraped massages brought me more business, even if the session did not include happiness. This meant that my view of hard cocks was no longer limited to noticing erections underneath the sheet.
In my personal life I was quite sexually active. I had a friend who was older than I am who I got together with a few times a month for incredible sex, and I dated more than a little, usually having at least two men on the go at any given time. Truth be told I loved cock, especially when they were rock hard. So, massaging men undraped was actually rather aesthetic to me, not to mention arousing.
On occasion, my arm or hand would brush up against a man's cock. The first few times was genuinely accidental, but I did notice when that happened, men often would emit a tiny moan or a sigh, but I also discovered such accidental touching produced better tips. While I was still adamant about not becoming known as one of those massage girls who gives hand jobs, I had nothing against better tips.
This led me to do more "accidental" touching, having a man's balls rest on the top of my hand while I massaged where the torso meets the thigh. Occasionally when a man's cock rested on his belly or upper leg, I would move it gently, so I could massage underneath. This kind of thing became more of the norm than exception.
One day after work, I was googling for massage supplies and came across a massage bulletin board that featured local reviews of massage studios. Being naturally curious, I took a good look and as I scrolled down the postings I saw one with "Asian Jane" in the subject line. My heart began racing. Could it be?
Before I clicked on it I noticed it had 26 responses. My stomach began to churn a bit. The first posting was this: "Anyone seen the Asian girl on the north side, Jane?" There was a link to my Kijiji ad, which stated undraped was ok, but no extras provided.
The first response was from a guy with the nick name "AsianLover1964." His post was short. "Yeh, she is very attractive and gives a great massage, some accidental brushing up against the boys but that's it."
"So, no happiness then. Can you touch her?"
"No happiness and haven't tried touching her."
Another guy wrote. "I have seen her too. I catch her looking at my hard on, but I am pretty sure all you will get is teased."
"What was the damage?"
"Conventional rates, plus tip."
Other comments included:
"She looks fine in yoga pants."
"Seen her four times, still hoping for more."
One of the crass comments actually caused my pussy to pulse. "Would love to go down on her. I bet she is shaved."
Waxed actually, I thought.
The last comment was the dirtiest. "I would pay a lot to have her choke on my 9-inch black cock."
I closed the browser. I was in a bit of shock. I was being reviewed by my clients on this board, a board men frequent to discover who might give them hand jobs, blow jobs, and more. My worry about being seen as a sex object had been proven right, even though I was doing nothing overtly sexual. Then again, there was something enticing about reading what men were writing about me. They all seemed to think I was hot and clearly wanted more than a massage from me.
I had no clue what clients were writing about me, and I couldn't very well ask them. That's when I decided to see if I could figure out who they were. Scrolling through the next day's schedule, I noticed all the appointments were with men and that all of them were repeats and preferred undraped sessions.
I hatched my plot. I wanted to see if I could make each session unique enough that if any of my clients reviewed me, I could figure out who they were. I wasn't going to cause any problems for them if I could. I just wanted to read more about the effect I had on them.
That morning, I packed my leather bag like I usually do, though it was quite a bit thicker and heavier than usual. Bill was my first client, at 11:00 am. He was in his forties, a slender man with long bony legs but his cock was enormous, at least ten inches, and always hard as stone. I put on a skimpy sheer thong over which I pulled on my tight white yoga pants. I put on my sports top, the one I use for jogging and white blouse I left open, so that my tight tummy was visible.
I heard the bell tinkle as Bill opened the outer door. "I'm still setting up the room, Bill, but come on in."
I smiled to myself when I saw him take in my body. I left the room, so he could get undressed. I found him face down, as usual, but he had positioned his cock so that it was extended out between his legs. He wanted me to see how hard he was.
"Any spots you want me to focus on today, Bill?"
"My thighs are really tight," he said. And then he added, "My glutes too."
I removed the oil from the warmer. Usually I began massaging the shoulders but this time I opted to drip oil on his ass cheeks and the crack and then on his thighs. "I hope the oil isn't too hot."
"It's fine," he mumbled.
I began massaging his ass cheeks though my touch was very light, offering zero therapeutic value, but m intent was anything but therapeutic. It was more of a feathery touch and I was pleased to see goosebumps pop up and how he shifted on the table in order to open his legs more. By now oil was dripping from his ass crack onto his balls. Feeling devilish I poured more oil down the crack and watched it flow down across his balls and onto the underside of his cock.
'You doing okay, Bill?"
"Yes, Ma'am."
I positioned myself near the side of his head and began rubbing his ass cheeks, sometimes spreading them a bit so I could see his glistening anus. For a while I used my thumbs on either side of it, stretching him in one direction and then the other, his anus opening a bit as I did that. When I massaged the lower part of his buttocks my hands frequently rubbed against his balls.
One time he moaned rather loudly.
"What was that, Bill?"
"Nothing," he said quickly.
I massaged down his legs to his feet and then back up again, often sliding my palms over his hard cock and swollen balls. By now his hand was on my ass, cupping a cheek, squeezing it when I got close to his balls or penis, as if to signal his approval. When it was time to turn over, I ran my finger tips down his crack, over his balls, and made sure my finger nails dragged along his shaft.
"Do you want to turn over now?"
I kept teasing him on the flip side and even let his squeeze my tits a few times, over the top. He tried to slip his hand under my yoga pants and I let him in just a little but then moved away. When I massaged his arm, I took his hand and placed it between my legs and held it there while I did my routine. When I did the second arm, he was braver and positioned his hand so that his thumb was resting on my clit. I let him rub it while I finished his arm.
I wasn't going to get him off, but I ended the session with both hands massaging his mound, just above his erection. I was a bit aggressive there and it made his cock wave back and forth and this time he couldn't stop from moaning. Just doing that was bringing him to the edge, but that's when I stopped.
I know he was disappointed and to be honest I was too, a little bit at least. It would have been quite cool to see if I could have made him cum without stroking him.
My next client was Ricardo or Ricky as he preferred to be called. I adjusted my ward robe. I took off the sports bra and buttoned up the blouse, leaving the top three buttons undone. He enjoyed the view as he entered the massage room. I knew he had entered so I let him walk into find me bent over the massage table, ass to the door, pretending to smooth over the top sheet.
I left the room and when I returned he was laying face up, which wasn't how I began massages and he knew it. He was going to test me right away. Like Bill, he was already rock hard, and his legs were spread wider than is normal.
This time I began with his feet, oiling them up and digging into the balls of his feet, pulling on each toe. I placed my legs on either side of one foot and bent over to massage under his calves. Ricky was brazen and began rubbing his foot into my crotch and he tilted his head up to look down my blouse. I looked down and am pretty sure he could see my nipples.
I did a similar routine with him as I had done with Bill. I slid my hands up on each side of this thighs, made sure I bumped in to his balls, made sure the palms of my hands slid over his cock now and again. I spent most of the hour just teasing him like that. His hands were on his belly, close to his cock, and when I noticed there was only 10 minutes left, I picked up on the teasing and even, and this surprised even me, stroked his cock a couple of times.
When I pulled away, he asked me to finish him. "Please," he said. "It feels so good."
What I did next was unplanned. I grabbed his shaft at the bottom and with my other hand grabbed his and placed it on his cock. "Show me," I said. I lowered my hand and began tickling his balls. "You finish, Ricky. I like to watch."
I swear to God, he exploded after three or four strokes, shooting cum high into the air and all over my arm and hand. "Wow," I said.
"Fuck," he said.
I got a warm wet cloth out of the towel caddy and wiped him clean, my arms too, and then I left the room without a word.
It turned out that Ricky was a very good tipper as well and he made sure to make another appointment before he left. He asked if he could come back tomorrow, but I declined. I had openings, but I figured I should wait to see if he was one of the men on the massage board before doing this again with him.
My remaining appointments were very similar. For one client, a very handsome man of colour named Ben, I wore nothing more than a sun dress with a low neckline. It was short and proved to motivate a lot of groping and touching. This time I was deliberate about massaging his balls, though I never stroked him. I even let him finger me a little, but would always pull away once he was half way in. Ben finished himself too, though he made it last because I am pretty sure no woman had ever massaged his balls like I did.
For another client I wore short shorts and a lacy top; for another I wore a teddy under my sundress and on the flip, I pulled off the dress and finished the massage in lingerie. Both finished themselves off and made future appointments.
I was enjoying myself to be honest and frankly my pussy was soaked by the time my last client walked in. His name was Sam, but he wasn't the Sam I thought he was. He was a new client and I am sure he was rather surprised to see me wearing a short skirt and a Daisy Duke top. When I walked into the room, he had the sheet covering half his bum. Without thinking, I pulled it off him and said, "We don't need this, do we?"
He laughed. "You're the boss."
I was somewhat restrained massaging him at first. He was a new client and I wasn't sure how open minded he was or if he even wanted an erotic experience, but when he turned over, he just asked me outright if I offered "other" services.
"I do wax," I said, being coy.
"I am already waxed," he said.
"I can see that," I giggled.
"Well?"
"What do you want," I said.
"You, nude?"
"That's it?"
"We could see what happens when you are nude."
My eyes on him, I pulled my skirt down and untied my top and let it fall away. I was not wearing panties.
"Fuck yes," he said.
This time I allowed deep fingering and even let him suck my nipples while I massaged his balls. He asked me to finish him, but I politely declined. I placed his hand between my legs and let him finger me while he beat off and sprayed cum everywhere.
Needless to say, he was the biggest tipper of the day.
I closed the shop, my mind busy reflecting on the day. My body felt alive and I had this sense of confidence, even power, that I had never felt before. With each one of these men, I was in charge. These men masturbated in front of me because I got them so hot. And by the end of the day, being fingered like that felt damn good. I came twice that session though he never would have known it.
I stopped at the Rec Centre for a swim; I needed my body to cool off. Later that night after I had some dinner, I got onto the computer. I wondered what I might find on the board.
Right at the top of the local stream, was this: Asian Jane - Wow. There were already a dozen or so responses.
Turns out Bill was "PussyLover69" and his review was brief: "Wow, this girl is hot. She massaged my arms holding my hands between her legs and touching was allowed. No happiness, but I've got to think this incredible lady is worth a few more visits."
Ricky posted under "SpanishFlyStud" and he loved her low-cut blouse. "Got a good look at her breasts and let me just say, they are fantastic. And there was a lot of touching all around. She made DIY, but she fondled the boys to help me out. Gonna see her again for sure."
They were the only two I saw that day to write reviews, but I figured one or two more might be on the board and write one later. In the meantime, Bill and Ricky were being asked a ton of questions. "Did you see her pussy? Touch it?" "Do you think she does oral?" "How big are her tits?" "How much did you tip her?"
Bill and Ricky were respectful. Both encouraged the others to treat me good and be good tippers. "She never asked for a tip," Bill said. Ricky wrote, "Don't be crass and ask her how much she charges. She is not like that."
My pussy was wet. Soaked actually.
I went into the living room to grab my phone. I had 12 texts waiting, all of them men looking for an appointment.
Men are infuriating. There are those who text me, "Hi," and that's it. What do they expect? Am I supposed to say hi back and then what, "How are you?" No thanks. Text me with a first name, your age and ethnicity and what you are looking for. How hard is that? Others send long texts fully of acronyms that I must look up like DFK, DATO, RIM and my favorite, BBBJCIMWS - so intimate.
I realized right off I need a cut and paste response to first time inquiries but that took me a while to craft. What I ended up with was, "Hi, I am 25, attractive and Asian and offer deep tissue and relaxation massage, undraped is fine. I am openminded."
That didn't work very well as I got a flood of texts back, "How openminded?" was the general gist. I kept adapting my boiler plate response library to accommodate different stages of the exchange. My general response to new inquiries kept getting longer until I realized shorter was better:
"Asian, 25, sexy look, skilled masseuse for studio incall on the Northside. Undraped ok. Always dressed the way men like, openminded. Will discuss massage specifics in person. I am worth it."
Most men responded tastefully to that. Some asked if I took dress requests and I told them on the second visit. A few asked if my massage was sensual; I replied that what is sensual is what they decided was sensual. Others didn't clue in. "Can I go down on you?" "Is a BBBJ on the menu?" I ignored those texts.
By the time I had messaged the first 12, more than that had texted me asking for more information. I had opened a pandora's box, but after counting the take for the day, I figured putting up with all the texts was part of my marketing time. Besides, I enjoyed what had happened today. I knew repeat customers would want more and more over time, but I figured I would assess each request one client at a time. If I were going to do this, I wanted this to be an erotic experience for everyone, not just another rub and tug.
Many did ask about my pricing. I knew they wanted to know how much extra they might have to pay. All I texted was my hourly, 90 minutes, and two-hour rates, mentioning that tips are appreciated, but none expected.
I knew that was risky. Some men are cheap, but I felt confident that after an hour with me, the tips would be frequent and to my satisfaction.
It was getting late. I checked in on the board and saw a posting by Sam. His nick was "KinkyGentleman1". He went on about how beautiful I was, how incredible my body was, how tight I was and how his orgasm was the best in quite a while even though it was DIY. Repeat? Hell, yea."
There were a lot of responses to his post. "Is FS available?" "Does she take trips to Greece?"
"Don't know," Sam responded. "But she is worth seeing and who knows what might happen?"
Yes, who knows. I was a bit flushed reading his review. He had written what I never wanted to see posted in public, but it turned me on nonetheless. I realized in that moment just how much I wanted men to want me and what also turned me on was that they were willing to let me be in charge and pay me for their pleasure.
Sure, I was still a registered masseuse, but I was becoming a whore. I had to be honest about that. I knew if I continued this way, all my clients would end up being men who wanted to prove to all the other men on the board that got farther with me than they did. I knew men were like that, but my pussy was encouraging me not to give a damn about such things. It was drenched. My clit was begging for my vibe, my pussy was craving pleasure.
While I vibed my clit I thought about tomorrow. I had 8 bookings, all men, all new clients. I wondered how many of them would finger me, suck my nipples, maybe suck my pussy or ass. I wondered what it would be like to suck a stranger's cock and then smile as they paid me.
I don't know how many orgasms I had, but after the last one, I uttered these words: "Asian Jane is a whore." They sounded good, so I said them again. And again. Until I drifted off.
Tomorrow would be a game-changer. I think I fell asleep with a smile on my face.