Bobs Story 3

Anita

by

JSR



The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated or abused. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF. 



One Friday evening, I stopped by to see Linda and John, and found that Anita was also there. However, John informed me that he and the family were due someplace, but I was welcome to stay. He also told me, If Anita will stay, this would be a good time for you to find out what is really going on at her house. I am not sure she is telling the truth, but stranger things have happened. 

John and family left, and Anita was getting ready to leave, when I ask her, I would like to get to know you a little better. Can you stay for a while, so we can chat? Her answer was, I guess mom won't care, she knows I am here.

We went into the living room, and sat on opposite sides of the room. I said, It would be easier to talk, if you were sitting closer to me. She got up and sat on the other end of the couch I was sitting on.

I said, Tell me a little about your family. She said, What do you want to know? I answered, Who your mom and dad are, do you have any siblings. What do you all do for fun, things like that. She said, My dad's name is Everett, and he is 40. Mom is Molly, and she is 38. I have two brothers Casey and George. They are 14 and 15. We like to play games together. I guess that is about it.

I said, I heard that you have a special game that you, your brothers, your dad, and your uncles play. Can you tell me about that game? She got quiet, and her face turned red. Finally she asked, Who told you about that? Someone who you told about it. Don't worry I will not say anything about it to anyone, I am just trying to find out if it is true, and when it started

Anita then said, Well since you seem to know about it, I will tell you that Yes my brothers, my dad and my two uncles fuck me, in front of mom. My brothers started when I was about 5 years old. My dad on my 6th birthday, and mom caught us. She then called her brothers and had them come over saying if she is going to act like a whore, we will make one out of her. She will fuck all 5 of you in front of me, every time the 5 of us are together, which should be at least once a week.

I thought, I have to be sure of what is going on with Anita. I said, Anita, I am going to talk to you for a short while. I want you to listen carefully, and pay attention to what I tell you. Is that ok with you? I guess so, since I am to do what you want.

I had her lay on the couch, and I sat beside her. I then started one of my hypnotic routines. It took me almost a minute to get her hypnotized. I said, Anita, can you hear me? She answered in a sleepy voice, Yes, I can hear you. I said, good, now pay attention to what I am saying, I am going to ask you some questions, and you will not be able to lie, so just tell the truth at all times. OK? Yes, Bob, she said.

I asked her:				She answered:

What is your name?			Anita Kingsley
How old are you				8 years old
Who first fucked you?			My brother George
How old were you then?			5 years old
Who was the next one?			My brother Casey
How old were you then?			5 years old
So both of your brothers
were started fucking you
at age 5?					Yes

When did your dad start
fucking you?				On my 6th birthday
How about your uncles?			The next day
Why did they start?			Mom caught dad fucking me, and said that all
        					men in the family will be invited to do it
When do they fuck you?			When ever they come to the house, they fuck
						me in the living room in front of mom and
						dad, and my brothers
Do they cum inside of you?		Yes
When was the last time that
someone fucked you?			2 days ago

I said, whenever you hear me say Brothers, Dad and Uncles too, you will go into a trance. When I wake you up, you will not remember anything except that phrase. You will think that you dozed off. If you understand what I just said, repeat it back to me.

Anita said, Any time you say to me Brothers, Dad and Uncles too I will go into a trance. I will only remember that phrase, and I will think I just fell asleep for a minute.

I said, Very good I am going to take hold of your nipples, and I am going to pull on them very hard. When I let loose of them, you will awaken.

I removed her blouse, and grabbed her nipples. I pulled on them very hard, until her back came up from the couch a small amount. I let loose of them, and she fell back onto the bed, yawned and said, Wow, I must have really been sleeping, I see that you took my blouse off.

I then undressed her fully, and told her to undress me. When she had my cock uncovered, she said, I thought dad and my uncles had big cocks, but yours is longer and fatter then any of theirs.

I said, Then this will be almost like being the first time for you. I will be gentle, and try not to hurt you. However there is the possibility that it might hurt you some. She said, Karen told me that I should bite my tongue, if it hurts, and not to let you know. I said, Since you have had some practice, it should not hurt you as much as it did when I took Karens virginity. I then started eating her pussy.

She said, What are you doing? None of my family ever does something like what you are doing. I stopped, and said, Then you are in for a real good fucking this time. You will feel better than ever when I get my cock inside of you. After I fuck you, then I will have you give me a blow job as well. Have you ever given a blow job? Karen was trying to explain that to me the other day, but mom came in and we never got back to talking about it. I said, No problem, I will teach you, and then you will be able to surprise your family later.

I returned to eating her pussy, and reached up with my hands and started playing with her nipples. She said, I don't know why, but my nipples are very sore. I ignored her and continued to squeeze and pinch her nipples. Once in a while I would also pull on them to keep them bothering her a little.

I started kissing up her body, and as my cock neared her pussy, I started it in, and then jammed it all the way in. I hit her cervix, and it parted and my cock head entered her womb. Her canal was a little longer than Karen's so I did not hit the top of her womb. I laid there for a few seconds, and then started pumping in and out of her, gathering speed as I went. She was not tight. Her family had make her cunt loose.

When I came in her, I ejaculated directly into her womb. Had she been through puberty, she would surely have become pregnant. I thought about how she might look with no tits, and an obvious baby bump stomach. It thrilled me to think about getting such a young girl pregnant. Between Karen and Anita, I was beginning to like fucking little girls, almost as much as I did adults.

I stuffed a small rag into her pussy, to stop the cum from leaking out, then I sent her home with no memory of me fucking her. I wanted to keep her in the dark as long as possible. No sense in letting to much information out before we had to.

A few weeks later, Karen, Anita and I were walking around their homes, and they decided they wanted me to see something. There was a very dense wooded area near their homes. The woods were so dense, that someone getting off the path that ran through it, a short distance could easily become lost and have trouble finding the path again. They had created a small almost invisible path back a ways where they could go play and no one would know they were there, unless the heard their voices. This gave me an idea, which I decided to explore later on my own.

A week or so later, I by myself, went to the woods, to see if I could find a clearing, or an area where I could work undetected, even if I were to be talking out loud. I found a few small places, but they were to close to the path, to be of any use to me. After a few hours of care full checking, I found several large trees very close together. With care I was able to get between them without leaving any sign that I had been there. 

Once inside the trees, (they were in almost a semi circle) behind them was an opening like a path. Careful observation proved that no one had been here in many years, if ever. This opening looked over a small meadow. On the other side I could see a small amount of water, maybe a small pond. Again, looking for signs that someone had been there, I worked my way around the edge of the meadow, until I was where the water was. There was a small pond, of spring fed water. It was about 3 ft. deep and maybe 50 ft. in diameter, with no outlet that I could determine.

There was a large flat rock by the waters edge. I looked for signs that animals might be coming here for water, but the edge of the water showed no traces of being disturbed for many years. The trees at the edge of the meadow were mostly large one that had to be over a 100 years old. I could put up a tent under them and not have to worry about wind or rain. This would be perfect for my usage.

It would take me a few weeks to get everything ready, and I would have to be very careful that on one saw me moving things in, or leaving the area. 5 weeks later, I had everything in place, and was ready to try my idea.

Once everything was in place, I had a meeting with Dad and John. I said, John, you once mentioned that maybe we could start our own swingers club. I have some ideas along that line I would like to talk to you two about. Any objections?

Dad and John both said, Let's here what you have to say.

I said, How about a family style group. By that I mean something like Mother, son, Father, daughter, brother sister. The group could be called the Family swingers or something like DMSD club or maybe FDMSBS Club. Any way the name can be picked up later. I envision the rules going something like this,

1. Membership.. A father and daughter, A mother and son, a couple with one or more children. All children must be at minimum 6 years and one day.

2. All sex will be heterosexual.

3. All sex will be consensual.

4. At all meetings, the first thing, everyone will get nude.

5. Boys who are still to young to get hard on's will be given oral sex, and taught how to give oral sex to the girls/women.

6. Birth control will be the responsibility of the parent(s) for their children and women.

7. NO condoms. They are a mess to police up, and they are not fool proof to stop pregnancys.

8. NO one is invited to the group without the consent of at least 2 of the 3 of us.

9. No one outside of the members are to know of our existence.

You two might have some more rules to add. Also, I have found a place where I can privately interview some of the girls and boys, who might have families to join. I plan on getting information on them, by using Anita. As we all know, she seems to know everyone and what their business is. She of course will not know what she is helping me to do. She is even easier to hypnotize that Karen is.

What do you think?

Dad was deep in thought, so John spoke up and said, It sounds like you have been doing a lot of research, and I like what you have put forth. The only thing I can see missing, is where we would meet, and how often. What do you think, Jim?

I am still thinking about it. Give me some more time. You two keep talking, and I will keep thinking, said Dad.

I said, As to where, and how often, I will leave that up to the two of you. Both of you have a great many more resources than I have in that respect. 

Out of the blue, John asked, Bob, Jim, do either of you like hayrides? I said, I have only been on one, and it was fun, but how does that fit into this discussion? Dad looked at me with a funny expression on his face, and said, He is not talking about a church hayride, but one where anything goes. Am I right John? Exactly, said John. I have an older brother, who owns a large farm, not to far from here. We might be able to meet there, and go on a nude hayride, and then come back to the  hay barn for more fun and games. I will check with Larry and see if he and Jackie would be willing to join us and furnish the place and time for us to meet there.

Dad said, That sounds like a wonderful idea. Bob, what were you thinking for a schedule, weekly, monthly or what? I replied, My research indicates that most of these types of groups meet either weekly, or monthly. I suggest every two weeks.

Dad thought for a moment, and then yelled, Karen, please come in here. A few minutes later, mom came in and asked What do you need Jim. Dad said, Bob, tell your mom what you told us, and lets see how she reacts to it. I told mom exactly what I had told dad and John. Mom thought for a moment, and said, I think you should add something about not doing your family while at the meetings. They should be for experiencing other people. They can do their familys anytime.

I said, We could add a NR. 10 saying, At meetings, families must not preform incest. That is for your home, and not acceptable for public consumption. Sounds good to me, said mom. Dad and John both agreed.

I then said, It will take me a little time to set up my idea with Anita, but we should have some people in place in a couple of weeks. Just do not ask how or what I am doing. I really don't think that you should be exposed to my method, until I find out that it works, or does not work.

Mom looked at the three of us, and said, He is probably right about that. Now before you disperse, I want Bob in my room for a while, then I want John and after that, Jim and I will spend the rest of the night sleeping.

Once John and I had both fucked mom, John said, Bob, why don't you come home with me. Little Karen could use your cock in her. It has been a while since you fucked her, or her mother. I replied, That's the best offer I have had today. I will ride with you and leave dad's car here, if that's all right with you.

When Karen saw me come in, she ran up to me and jumped into my arms, and french kissed me. John said, Slow down, Karen. He gets to fuck your mom first, and then he will sleep with you, all night. Karen pouted a little, but then said, Dad, did you forget that Anita would be here all night tonight? John said, Yes, I did. It looks like Bob gets a bonus tonight. Bob, I hope you get a little sleep tonight, it might be very difficult with those two nymphs in the same bed with you.

Linda and I excused ourselves and went to her bedroom. She said, I want to try something a little different with you this time. I bought some handcuffs, and some rope. I want you to fasten me to the bed so I cannot move very much, and then 'rape' me. I want you to forget that we know each other and pretend that you broke into the house, with no one here but me. You overpowered me and tied me to the bed. Then I want you to really do to me what you think you would do if you were really raping me.

I said, Linda, are you sure you want me to do that to you? It sounds like I could hurt you, and I don't want to do that. She answered, I expect to have some bruises, and be a bit sore, but YES I want you to rape me.

She handed me the handcuffs, and as she did, I grabbed her and put one of the handcuffs on her right wrist and yanked her arm toward the bed. She was putting up a token resistance, and then fell on the bed. I pulled her up and cuffed that wrist to the bed post. Next I took the other handcuff and grabbed her left wrist and forced her down on the bed so I could cuff that wrist to the other bed post. 

Now she was flopping around like she was trying to get out of the handcuffs. I created a slip knot on one of the ropes, and got it around her left ankle, which I tied to the bottom bedpost. She was still squirming around like she was trying to get loose. I took the other piece of rope and repeated my actions on her other ankle. Seeing her legs still very close together, I took a chair on each side of the bed, and tied them to the bed. I then took the ropes from her legs and tied them to the chairs. While doing this I kept pulling her legs out so that she was almost doing the splits. Her pussy was wide open and I could see that she was very wet already.

Since she wanted a rape scene, I decided I really would do it. I got on the bed and went to stick my cock into her mouth, but she closed it and would not open it, so I grabbed a nipple and started pulling on it very hard, lifting her back from the bed. She opened her mouth to say something, and I quickly shoved my cock into her mouth. As I did, I let loose of her nipple, and sat on her chest. I said, Bitch if you bite me or try to, I will rip those nipples right off of your tits.

Once she had my cock good and hard. I pushed it as far into her mouth as I could get it. My balls were on her chin, and my cock was in her throat. She was having trouble breathing, so I pulled out of her mouth, slid down between her legs, and shoved my cock into her pussy. I never stopped until I was fully inside of her with my balls banging on her ass. Every stroke I made into her pussy was fast and hard. When I bottomed out, it sounded like someone had hit her on the ass with a big hand and hard. 

I also was chewing on her nipples, and she was whimpering somewhat. Once I had cum inside of her twice, I got off of her and said, See you in the morning. I had fun I hope it was what you wanted. I left her tied up, and went to find John. He was fucking Anita. I said, John, I hope I did not hurt Linda to much, but she wanted me to rape her, so I did. She is still tied to the bed.

John said, Good we will leave her there for a while. She has been trying to get me to do that to her for a long time, but I love her to much to hurt her even at her request. What ever you did is all right, because it is what she ask for. Now I want you to do something for me. I want you to fuck Karen while I watch. This will get me more in to the theme of our group, because I will be seeing both Linda and Karen getting fucked a lot from now on.

I looked at Anita, and said, have you said anything to her about what is going on? Only what I just said. I will leave that up to you, as you indicated that she is going to be helping you. Anita said, What am I going to be helping you with? I replied, We will talk about that later. Right now, I need to fuck Karen so her dad can watch. You watch also, because I am going to fuck you later tonight as well.

I opened Karen's legs and started eating her pussy, while John and Anita watched. Once I had her good and soaked with her juices, I laid on the bed and said, Karen, impale yourself on my cock. I looked at John and said, I do it this way, so that my weight does not hurt her, and she has control of the speed that feels best to her. Once I had cum inside of her, she laid down on my chest and kept using her pussy muscles to grab and release my cock inside of her. She was beginning to become a very good making me feel great. 

Later, I fucked Anita, just before we went to sleep. I awoke in the morning with Anita sitting with my cock inside of her, and Karen was sitting on my face. What a wonderful way to wake up. Shortly after I awoke, John came in and said, Karen, please go fix breakfast for the 5 of us, and Bob can take Mom's to her and sit and eat with her. I looked at John a little funny, and he said, She is just as you left her. It is her request that you two eat breakfast together, with no one else in the room.

I took a tray to Linda's room, and sure enough she was till tied just as I had left her. I started to untie her, and she said, NO, I am still your prisoner. You have to feed me, and I have to stay until I can prove to you that you did a good job. By the way, John fucked me last night with me tied this way, and got a big charge out of it. He said it was the first time he got to fuck me where I could not change things he wanted to do. I may be here for quite a while. Just feed me and send in any man or boy who wants to fuck me. I will be here for you for a few hours yet.

Looking at Linda, I saw that I had put hickeys all over her face, neck and shoulders. Her nipples looked almost like ground beef, I had chewed them pretty hard. I started to apologize to her and she said, Never apologize for doing what you are ask to do. Now fuck me and then go do what ever it is you had planned. I will be here waiting for you and/or any one who is here to fuck me this morning. Several if it can be arranged. I really enjoyed my rape last night and hope that maybe we can do it again with a different scenario. I climbed onto her and jammed my cock into her pussy. When I laid down on her, I took her nipples and used my fingers to keep them looking like they were about to fall off of her. I also added more hickeys to her breasts and stomach. It appears that Linda has some sort of a pain fetish.

After I had finished with Linda, I asked Anita to introduce me to her mom. She asked, Why? I answered, Because I want to meet her. The two of us put our clothing on and went to Anita's house. There she introduced me to her mom, Molly.

Molly said to Karen, Go play with your brothers, while I talk to Bob. She then turned to me and said, What can I do for you? I replied, John and Linda have talked about you and your husband several times, and since I have been talking to Anita, I thought it might be nice to let you know who your daughter is talking to now and then.

Molly said, You seem to be a little old for Anita. How old are you? At this point, I started with one of my hypnotic routines. Once I figured that she was under, I said, Molly, what do you think I am doing with Anita? She answered, Anita is very sexual, and I think that maybe you are fucking her.

To test and see if I really had Molly hypnotized, I said, Molly, isn't it time for you to show me your tits? Molly then started unbuttoning her blouse. Once she had it off, she then removed her bra, and said, I hope you like them, they are not very big.

I then said, Molly, take off the rest of your clothing, and show me your pussy. Again, she did as I had told her to do. Now I could begin to find out what I wanted to know.

I said, Molly, Anita has told me that her brothers and her dad, as well as your brothers have been fucking her since she was 6 years old. Is that true? Molly said, I caught her dad fucking her on her 6th birthday, and found out that the boys had been fucking her for a year. Since I wanted to keep things in the family, I got my two brothers to fuck her also.

I haven't heard anything about your husband, other than that. What does he do, and when is he home? I asked. She said, Three weeks ago there was a wreck on the highway. He was driving, and they found his cock inside the mouth of the woman with him. Evidently, she bit it off during the wreck. That woman was his mother.

I then asked her, If I was to ask you to fuck me, would you? She answered, we were swingers, I will miss that now. I said, If I told you about a group of families, that were swingers, with all children over 6 years old being an active part of the group, what would you think about joining, with your family? She did not hesitate, and said, yes, we most definitely would. Where is such a group located? At that point, I said, I think that you should suck my cock now. Which she did. Once I had cum in her mouth, I had her dress, and then told her that she would just remember a short chit chat conversation, and if I said to her 'Molly's pea toys' she would again be in a trance. I then woke her up saying, I guess I must be really boring, as I seem to have put you to sleep. She answered, I don't know what happened. I am sorry I fell asleep.

I said, It's ok, I have to be going. I appreciate you taking the time to talk to a stranger. 

I went back to John's house, and up to see Linda. She was still where I had put her the night before. I ask how she was doing, and she said, I need to use the bathroom, but then I want you to put me back the way I am now. I freed her so that she could use the bathroom, and told her to take a shower while she was in there. She answered, You must come in and wash me. Otherwise I will not take a shower. 

In the shower, I fucked her again, and when we were finished showering, she had me tie her back up the way she was before. I ask her, Linda, why are you doing this to yourself? I, and John do not want to hurt you, but you seem to be enjoying being unable to do anything, and seem to want me to keep marking your body. Her answer was, I have always wanted to know what it is like to be a prisoner, completely at someone else's will. That is what I am doing now.

I said, What we are doing could hurt your baby. I don't have a baby, how could I hurt it? I said, Linda, I happen to know that you have not had a period since I started fucking you. Now, either John or I will be the father, as dad is sterile. Linda looked at me, and then broke out laughing. She said, The reality is I never thought anything about that. My game here was to force you to get me pregnant. John knew what I was doing, but was forbidden to tell you. The reason that he had you fuck me every time you came over was so that you would be the father. He is also sterile. I said, Does dad know John is sterile? 

Linda thought for a moment, and said, No, I don't think he does, why? I said, because, mom is going to tell dad today that she is pregnant with John's kid, when in reality it is mine also. Don't say anything about that. When you are alone with mom, you can ask her to tell you the story. Linda said, Why don't you just tell me? I answered, It is mom's story to tell, and besides, I do not know all the details.

Do you know when John will be home, or where he is now? Linda said, No, not now, but he will be at your house this afternoon, to fuck Big Karen. I said, Then I guess I should go home. I need to talk to him, and dad.

When I got home, neither dad nor John was there. This gave me the opportunity to talk to mom about John being sterile. I said, If dad finds out that John is sterile, he will know that the baby is mine. Will that upset your promise to his/my dad? Mom thought for a while, and said, As long as your dad does not find out that it was deliberate on our part, I think we will be ok, and since his dad is no longer with us, there will be no way for Jim to find out, unless one of us screws up and says something. Just don't say anything about dad. He does not exist anymore, and is just a memory for me. Since you were to young to remember him, you never say anything about him. My promise to him is as good as kept.

I kissed mom and played with her tits for a few minutes, until both dad and John showed up at the same time. I said to them, John can you wait for a few minutes before you and mom get busy? I have to talk to you and dad, and the sooner the better.

I told dad and John about Molly, and that she would bring the two boys, and Anita into the group. I would just have to work out how to word her invitation, assuming that one or both of you agree to take her into the group. While they were thinking about it, I said, My plan of using Anita to help find families is starting to come together. We will start working on it next week, after I get Anita fully briefed on what she needs to do, and how to do it.

John ask about Everett, and I told him what Molly had told me. I said, I think everything was hushed up because of the fact that the lady in the car with him, had bitten off his cock, in the crash, and it was still in her mouth when they got her out of the mess. That lady, was also his mom.

Dad ask, What about her brothers? I seem to remember something about them also being in on fucking Anita. Molly indicated that that has ended, since Everett left. They were apparently doing it just to irritate him, on Molly's orders, I replied.

Dad and John both looked at me, and said, in almost one voice, You can tell Molly that she and family are in the group.


Be sure to watch for the next chapter of Bob's Story

Comments and suggestions are always welcome:

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com


