Author: MikeCA
Title: The House Warming Party
Summary: Mike meets some new neighbors, two first year grad students, Sally and Jennifer. Mike gets invited to their house warming party, and late in the evening, a strip poker game develops.
Keywords: MF, oral, strippoker
======================================================
WARNING: THIS STORY CONTAINS MATERIAL OF A SEXUAL 
NATURE, AND MAY INCLUDE GRAPHIC DESCRIPTIONS OF 
CONSENTUAL SEX. IF YOU FIND SUCH MATERIAL OFFENSIVE, 
ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, OR THE STATE OR COUNTRY IN 
WHICH YOU RESIDE PROHIBITS SUCH MATERIAL, THEN DO NOT 
READ ANY FURTHER. THIS STORY IS EROTIC FICTION 
INTENDED FOR ADULT ENTERTAINMENT. THE AUTHOR DOES NOT 
NECESSAARILY CONDONE OR ENDORSE THE BEHAVIOR DESCRIBED 
IN THIS STORY. ALL PERSONS AND EVENTS IN THIS STORY 
ARE FICTITIOUS AND ANY SIMILARITY TO PERSONS LIVING OR 
DEAD OR TO ACTUAL EVENTS IS PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
======================================================

The House Warming Party

By MikeCA (mikeca42@gmail.com)

@(C) Copyright 2002 by MikeCA, all rights reserved, 
except those described below. Permission is granted to 
download, archive, and repost provided that the 
contents are not altered, including the disclaimers, 
copyrights and limitations on use and provided that no 
fee is charged for access.




The House Warming Party

I had just moved to LA to start my post doc at the 
university. After arriving in town, I had spend 
several days looking at apartments, before finally 
picking a one bedroom apartment in a small relatively 
new building about seven miles away from the 
university. Everything closer to campus was already 
rented, too expensive or looked like a dump. Having 
spent eight years at Midwestern colleges, seven miles 
seemed to me like a long way from campus, but this was 
LA. Most people lived twenty miles from their work. 

A few days after I moved in, as I left for work I saw 
two girls carrying stuff in from their car. I guessed 
they were moving in also. As a post doc you don't have 
to keep any fixed work hours and this looked like an 
excellent chance to meet some nice looking girls, so I 
offered to help carry things for them. They quickly 
agreed, and I spent the next forty-five minutes carry 
things from their car to a second floor apartment.

It turned out the girls were first year graduate 
students at the university. They were also from the 
Midwest, although they had gone to different schools 
than I had. 

Sally was a short girl with relatively short reddish 
brown hair. Jennifer was slightly taller and had long 
light brown hair that flowed over her shoulders. Both 
girls were your typical Midwestern college girls. They 
weren't knockout movie star material, just good-
looking co-eds.

After carrying the last box up the stairs to their 
apartment, I was slightly out of breath from the 
unexpected morning exercise. As I paused to catch my 
breath, I decided this was my chance to make a move.

"Say, if you girls don't have any plans, I'm new in 
town too, so why don't we go out to dinner tonight?" I 
asked.

Sally looked at Jennifer, then surged her shoulders. 

"We don't know anyone here," Sally said. "Yeah, sounds 
good Mike. What time?"

"How about I pick you up at 6:30," I said. 

"Ok," Sally said. "We'll be expecting you."

As I drove to my office at the University I felt 
great. I had only been here a few days and I had 
already met some nice girls. At lunch hour I asked 
several of department secretaries what was a good 
restaurant that was not too expensive. They 
recommended a couple of different places, depending on 
what kind of food I wanted.

When I got back home, however, I found a note taped to 
my door. It was from Sally and it said they had found 
out there was a meeting for all English grad students 
tonight, and they couldn't make dinner. However, they 
said they were having a housewarming party Friday 
night, and I was invited. My hopes had been dashed, 
but at least I had a party to go to the next night at 
7 PM.

The following evening I waited until 7:30 before I 
knocked on the girls' door with a bottle of wine in my 
hand. Jennifer answered the door and let me in. She 
took my bottle of wine away to the kitchen. The 
apartment already seemed crowded. For two girls who 
had just arrived in LA, and didn't know anyone, they 
had made a lot of friends in two days. 

After an hour of chatting with the people at the 
party, I quickly realized it was mostly English 
graduate students and their boyfriends or girlfriends. 
Apparently, Sally and Jennifer had met most of the 
English grad students last night and invited all of 
them to this party.

Since I didn't have to worry about driving home, I 
consumed more wine than I usually would at a party. As 
the party wound down I was feeling pretty good. I had 
gotten the phone numbers of two other English grad 
students. At around 12:30 AM several people left in a 
group and the only remaining guest besides myself were 
Kat, her boyfriend Jack, Joan, George, and Denise. 
Kat, George and Denise were all English grad students. 
I assumed Joan was George's girlfriend. Kat and Jack 
had both been drinking quite a bit, but they only 
lived a few blocks away, and had walked to the party. 
Everyone else looked like they were feeling no pain 
too, but I didn't know if any of them had to drive 
home or not.

Jennifer went to make some coffee for everyone. 

"We should play some game," Jack said. "How about 
charades?"

"How about strip poker," I said as a joke.

"Good idea," said Jack. "Are you girls up for it?"

"Definitely not," said Joan looking sternly at George 
to make sure he would support her.

 "I meant that as a joke," I said. "I wasn't serious."

"Your not chickening out on us now are you Mike?" said 
Sally.

"Nobody's chickening out, he just meant it as a joke," 
said George.

The conversation quickly moved on, and after a cup of 
coffee, Joan and George began to collect their things 
to leave. It looked the party was over, so I thanked 
Jennifer and Sally and said my good byes too. I just 
walked down the outside stairs and into my apartment.

I was feeling pretty good, but it was late so I 
started to get undressed for bed. Just as I was 
pulling off my pants, the doorbell buzzed. I couldn't 
imagine who could be at the door this late, but I 
pulled my pants back on and went to the door. Peaking 
out the little fishy eye lens, I could see it was 
Jennifer. My heart jumped. I had never had a girl come 
knocking on my door at this hour of the night, but I 
figured I must of left something at the party. 

I opened the door. "Hi Jennifer, did I forget 
something?" I asked.

Jennifer smiled. "No," she said. "We were just 
wondering if you were serious about playing strip 
poker."

I didn't know what to say. Jennifer was so sweet, and 
her hair flowed over her shoulders down to the big 
bulges in her tight sweater. I was starting to imagine 
what she would look like with out clothes.

"Ye...,yes," I finally stammered.

"Good," Jennifer smiled. "You do understand it is just 
strip poker. Loser stays naked for 15 minutes and 
serves drinks. Nothing else?"

I had been hoping for something else, but I was 
starting to get a bulge in my shorts just thinking 
about what these girls would look like naked.

"Sure," I lied. "That's all I had in mind." 

"Great," Jennifer said. "Sally, Kat, Jack and Denise 
all liked the idea, but with 4 girls and only one guy, 
it wasn't going to me much fun for us girls."

I thought for a second. "But it's still going to be 4 
girls and 2 guys," I said. I was starting to like this 
idea even better.

"Well, that's better than four to one," Jennifer 
replied.

"I guess I better get my clothes back on," I said.

"Oh, yea," Jennifer laughed. "You are only allowed 
eight pieces of clothes, so you can't wear 2 or 3 sets 
of underwear."

I hadn't thought of that, but Jennifer was beginning 
to sound like she had played this game before.

I let Jennifer into my living room to wait while I 
changed in the bedroom. When I came out I asked, "How 
did you come up with the eight piece rule?"

"Oh, it was Jack's idea," Jennifer said. "I think Kat 
and Jack have played this quit a bit."

When we got back up to Jennifer and Sally's apartment, 
Jack explained the rest of the rules. I had only 
played strip poker a couple of times, but this was 
completely different. 

Rather than playing standard 5-card draw poker, they 
were going to play a simplified form. Everyone would 
be dealt 5 cards, then there would be a betting round, 
but instead of discarding, everyone still in the hand 
would be dealt 2 more cards. You had to make the best 
5-card poker hand from your seven cards, and there was 
another betting round. This eliminated deciding which 
cards to discard, which some of the girls thought gave 
the guys an advantage.

Jack went on to explain the betting. Since this was 
strip poker and we only had eight pieces of clothes, 
the betting rules were changed from standard poker. 
Everyone had to ante one piece of clothes each hand, 
but it was ok for everyone to pass. If everyone passed 
on both betting rounds, then everyone showed down 
their hands, and the best one won. The maximum bet in 
each round was just one piece of clothes, so the most 
you could lose on a single hand was three pieces of 
clothes. 

The winner each hand got all the clothes from the 
losers, and could use them to pay off bets in future 
hands. Jack explained that the way he usually played 
it, you had to take an item off to bet it, but the 
girls had insisted you only had to take it off when 
you lost the hand, so that was the rule we were going 
to use.

Jack sounded like he had played strip poker a lot. I 
had played poker some, but I wondered if what I knew 
about 5-card draw poker would apply to these strange 
rules. I wasn't very worried. I figured some the girls 
really didn't know what they were doing so it should 
be easy to beat them.

We all found seats on the floor around the coffee 
table and Jack dealt out the first hand. I got a pair 
of sixes and some ace high junk. Not a real good 
looking hand, but if I could pick up another six or 
another ace, it might be ok.

Jennifer was sitting to the right of Jack. "I'm 
betting one," Jennifer announced.

What did she have? Did sweet little Jennifer know 
anything about playing poker? 

Denise folded.

I thought about calling Jennifer's bet, but decided I 
had to give her some credit for knowing what she was 
doing, so I folded.

Sally folded too, but Kat and Jack both called the 
bet.

After the three of them got their 2 additional cards, 
Jennifer bet again, and Kat and Jack both called. 
Jennifer had two pair, queens and eight's, Jack had a 
higher two pair, Aces and queens, but Kat won the hand 
with a heart flush. Clearly folding had been the right 
decision. 

Everyone took off their losses and handed them to Kat. 
Fortunately, I had folded and had just lost one shoe. 
Jennifer and Jack had lost both shoes and a sock.

Jennifer dealt the next hand. This time I got a pair 
of queens. This was better, but I needed a third queen 
or another pair for any hope of winning.

This time everyone passed. Perhaps the idea of losing 
three more pieces of clothes had made people more 
cautious. 

Everyone got their two additional cards, and I found I 
now had a pair of eight's also. This was a pretty good 
hand. In fact it was the same hand Jennifer had just 
lost 3 pieces of clothes with, so I needed to be 
careful.

Everyone passed around to Jennifer. "I'm betting one," 
Jennifer said with a confident smile.

What did she have this time? If she lost 2 pieces on 
this hand, she was going to have to show something. 
Would she bet again on a hand that was worse than the 
one she had just lost with? I wanted to get a better 
look at what was under that sweater, but I should be 
careful.

Denise folded again. Against my better judgement I 
called Jennifer's bet. After all it was only a sock I 
was betting, at least that is how I justified it.

Sally called too, and Jack and Kat both folded.

"Three nines," Jennifer announced proudly as spread 
her cards on the coffee table.

I knew I should not have called her bet. I cursed my 
stupidity for calling her bet when my instincts told 
me I was beat. I forced a smile as I took off my other 
shoe and sock and handed it over to Jennifer. 

I looked around the room. The four of us who had not 
won a hand yet were rapidly running out of shoes and 
socks. I needed to win a hand quickly, or I was going 
to start losing some important clothes. So far the 
girls had not been pushovers, so I was going to have 
to concentrate and be careful.

Denise dealt the next hand. Everyone passed on the 
first betting round, and I ended up with a pair of 
jacks. I folded after Jack bet, but Denise called 
Jack's bet. Jack had a flush, and poor Denise only had 
two pair.

That hand cost me my last sock. Denise lost her two 
socks and Sally lost her last sock. All three of us 
needed to win this next hand, or we were going to have 
to show a little something. As I looked around the 
coffee table, it was clear that Denise was somewhat 
upset about her losses, but Sally did not seem the 
least bit worried.

I dealt the next hand, and ended up with two pair, 
queens and nines. Another hand that had a slim chance 
of winning but was more likely to cost a lot if I 
tried to push it. I was hoping no one bet, because I 
did not want to lose two pieces on this hand.

Everyone passed to Jennifer, who picked up somebody's 
shoe and dropped it on the table. "I'm betting one," 
she smiled.

Denise immediately folded, and I was left staring at 
Jennifer. Did she really have something this time? Was 
it just her big pile of other people's shoes and socks 
that made her bet?

I decided I could not risk both my shirt and pants to 
find out and folded. Everyone else folded, and 
Jennifer flipped over her cards. She had two pair, 
aces and jacks.

As I unbuttoned my shirt and handed it over to 
Jennifer, I was relieved that I had only lost my 
shirt. 

Sally and Denise had also lost their blouses, and I 
could now see their white bras. Sally had fairly large 
breasts, while Denise had smaller breast that looked 
like they really didn't need a bra to support them. 
Sally was sitting to my right and Denise to my left, 
so I could not stare at them without being obvious. I 
wished they were sitting opposite me.

Sally dealt the next hand, and this time I really had 
nothing. After the draw, Jennifer bet again. Could she 
have yet another good hand? I didn't find out, because 
everyone folded and this time Jack stopped her from 
showing her cards.

"When you bet, and no one calls your bet," Jack said. 
"You don't need to show your cards. Keep them guessing 
as to what you had."

"Oh," Jennifer said. "I thought I had to show them." 

This hand had cost me my pants. I stood up and 
unfastened my pants and pulled them down. 

"Hey there Mike," Kat teased. "What's that bulge in 
your shorts there."

I handed my pants to Jennifer and sat down as quickly 
as I could. Both Sally and Denise had also lost their 
jeans and were wiggling out of them. Sally had on some 
nice dark red panties with a flower pattern. Denise 
had rather plain white cotton panties.

Denise must have sensed that I was staring at her 
simple panties.

"If I had know we were going to play strip poker, I 
would have worn my best underwear," Denise said, as 
she sat down.

Kat dealt out the next hand. I picked up my five cards 
and looked at them. They were all clubs! I had an ace 
high flush. I could not believe my good luck, and I 
needed it right now!

I thought about raising before the draw, but I was 
only wearing two pieces of clothes, one of which had 
already been bet as the ante for this hand, so I just 
passed.

My two new cards didn't improve my hand, but that was 
ok. 

Just like clockwork, Jennifer bet again. I was now 
pretty sure she didn't really have anything, certainly 
not anything that could beat my hand. 

Much to my surprise, Denise called Jennifer bet. What 
did Denise have? After I won this hand, she was going 
to be naked, and the game would be over. Of course, 
she probably would have been naked anyway after the 
next hand, so it didn't make that much difference. 
Sally was losing her bra for sure too.

I confidently called the bet and everyone else folded.

I spread my cards out on the table. "Flush, ace high," 
I said.

"Damn," Denise muttered as she dropped her cards on 
the table.

I looked up at Jennifer, and she was still smiling. 
"Full house, sevens over aces," Jennifer said.

"What?" I asked. I'd lost. How was that possible? 
Jennifer could not keep getting good hands all the 
time?

I looked down the table at Jennifer's cards. She had 
three sevens and two aces. 

"Well, it looks like we both lost," Denise said.

"Come on Mike, this game was your idea," laughed 
Jennifer. "Now that you have lost, show us what you 
got there."

Kat and Sally were both giggling as they looked down 
at my shorts.

"Well, isn't it ladies first?" I asked looking at 
Denise.

"Not in this case," Denise replied. "You go first."

"Oh, come on you guys," Sally said as she unfastened 
her bra. She let her bra slide down her arms and her 
large breasts flopped free against her chest. Sally 
tossed her bra over the coffee table at Jennifer. 
"There," she said. "That wasn't so hard."

Something was clearly getting hard in my shorts. I 
pulled off my undershirt and threw it at Jennifer. She 
caught it easily as Kat applauded. I pulled my behind 
off the floor enough to pull my shorts down to my 
thighs then threaded them off my legs. I quickly tried 
to pull my legs up in front of me to cover up my 
erections, but everyone had already seen it, and Sally 
and Denise on either side of me were starring right at 
it.

"Come on, Mike," Jennifer said. "Stand up and show it 
too us like a man."

I looked around the table. Kat and Jennifer had big 
smiles on their face. They were enjoying this. Even 
Sally, sitting there topless, was smiling. Denise was 
clearly apprehensive, but was faintly smiling too. 

I slowly pulled myself to my feet, by member sticking 
straight out. Now I'm pretty much an average size guy, 
but Jennifer and Kat both cheered as I stood up, which 
at least made me feel a little better.

"Ok, Denise," I said. "I think it's your turn."

Denise looked up at me and my equipment, then smiled 
and stood up too. She quickly reached behind her back 
and unfastened her bra. She tossed it across the table 
in Jennifer's direction. Then she pushed her panties 
down and quickly stepped out of them. Denise had a 
neatly trimmed bush that was just a narrow strip of 
curly brown hair. 

"Ta da," Denise said, as she spread her arms out. "Now 
you have seen all of me."

"Ok," Jack said. "Now, Denise, could you get me a coke 
or something to drink?"

"Somebody, start a timer," Denise said. "I'm only 
doing this for 15 minutes, like we said."

"Mike, I want a diet coke," said Jennifer. 

"Get me one too, Mike" said Kat.

"I'd like some orange juice," said Sally.

Jennifer got a kitchen timer and set it for 15 minutes 
as Denise and I went to kitchen to get everyone his or 
her drinks. 

I brought Jennifer her drink.

"Thank you, Mike," she said, smiling as she starred 
right at my rock hard dick. 

As I handed Kat her drink, she reached out and 
squeezed my balls.

"Hey," I protested. "No touching."

"It was just instinct," Kat said. "I always do that 
when a guy sticks his dick in my face."

Jennifer and Sally both broke out in laugher. Even 
Jack and Denise were chucking at this.

After all the girls had me get them another drink, 
even though they hadn't touched the first one I 
brought them, there still was a few minutes left. 

"Mike, how about some naked jumping jacks," asked Kat.

"That wasn't part of the deal," I protested.

"Oh, come on," said Jennifer. "I always wanted to see 
what happens when a naked guy does jumping jacks."

"If you do one minute of jumping jacks, we'll let you 
have your clothes back," said Kat.

"But I'm getting my clothes back in a few minutes 
anyway," I said.

"Who said anything about getting your clothes back," 
laughed Kat. "We just said you had to stay naked for 
15 minutes. After the 15 minutes are up, where you get 
the clothes from is your problem."

"We'll give you your keys, and wallet," said Jennifer. 
"And it's just a short run down to your apartment."

"But..., but that wasn't part of the game," I 
protested.

"It's strip poker, Mike," said Jennifer. "You lose 
your clothes, they're gone. At this time of night 
probably no one will notice you running down stairs 
naked."

"What about Denise?" I asked. "Is she going to run 
home naked too." 

"Definitely not," said Denise. "But I'll do one minute 
of jumping jacks. Somebody set the timer."

The timer wasn't that accurate so, Jack agreed to time 
one minute on his watch. If you have ever wondered 
what happens when a naked guy with an erection does 
jumping jacks, the answer is his dick bounces up and 
down. I would have thought that was pretty obvious, 
but the girls all cheered my bouncing dick.

Denise's perky breasts bounced up and down too, as she 
did her jumping jacks beside me, but I could not fully 
appreciate the view. 

After what seemed like two minutes, Jack finally said 
the minute was up and I stopped. Jennifer and Kat were 
both cheering loudly. Jennifer picked out Denise's bra 
and panties and tossed them to her. I had to go pick 
mine out the pile of shoes and socks that people 
dumped on the table. 

I dressed as quickly as I could, and when I had found 
my last shoe, I decided it was time to leave.

"Well..." I said, looking at Jennifer. "Maybe next 
time I'll have better luck."

"You were a good sport anyway," said Kat.

"Yeah, and thank you for the naked jumping jacks," 
added Jennifer with a big smile.

I left first and walked quickly down to my own 
apartment again. Things had not worked out anything 
like what I had hoped. I was standing in the living 
room going over the game in my head trying to figure 
where I had gone wrong when the doorbell buzzed again.

I opened the door without looking and there was 
Jennifer again. She smiled at me.

"You were such a good sport tonight, Mike," Jennifer 
said. "And I couldn't help but see that you had a... a 
problem there, a big problem actually." Jennifer broke 
into a big smile. "Maybe I can do something about it."

How could I refuse an offer like that? I invited 
Jennifer in. As soon as the door was closed, she 
kissed me on the cheek and ran her hands over my 
crotch.

She pushed me into a big chair, then started to 
unfasten my pants. I helped her and she pulled them 
down my legs. Then I lifted my behind and let her pull 
my shorts off. My dick was rock hard again and she 
immediately started to lick the shaft of my cock.

I watched my dick disappear into her mouth, and I felt 
it sliding smoothly over her tongue. She never took my 
dick very far back in her mouth, but she ran her 
tongue around the head and then settled into a smooth 
rhythm running the head of my cock smoothly over her 
tongue. Her head bobbed up and down on my cock, as her 
long hair flowed down onto my thighs. 

In my current state of excitement, it only took a 
minute before I exploded in her mouth. This clearly 
wasn't the first time Jennifer had done this, as she 
kept going until I pushed head away. 

As I lay back in the chair recovering from the orgasm, 
Jennifer stood up, kissed me on the cheek, and said,
"I got to get back now. Sally will wonder what 
happened to me. I'll just let myself out."

"Hey," I said as Jennifer headed for the door. "Can I 
see you again?"

Jennifer turned and smiled back at me.

"Maybe," she said as slipped out the door.

As any five-year-old knows, 'maybe' means no, but I 
stupidly held out hope that just maybe, in this case, 
it meant yes. As things turned out, Jennifer quickly 
found some other boyfriend, and I never went out with 
her again. I did date another one of the English grad 
students I had met at the party that night for a 
while, but someone had told all the English grad 
students about the game that night. I had to live with 
people, sometimes almost total strangers, teasing me 
about doing jumping jacks. Thankfully, my post doc was 
only for one year, and once I left the university, the 
subject never came up again.

Comments, criticism, encouragement, corrections or 
suggestions are welcome. I try to answer all my email, 
although I sometimes get behind. 
MikeCA(mikeca42@gmail.com)
http://www.asstr.org/~mikeca/
