Hayley's Second Photoshoot 
by Englishanon

Hayley reveals a lot more on her second photoshoot.
     
      After the previous evening, Hayley was absolutely buzzing in anticipation at the thought of doing another photo shoot with Pete. She had enjoyed the first one so much, and despite previously thinking that posing nude was tacky and for, in her own words, ‘cheap sluts who don’t respect themselves,’ the experience from the day before had completely changed her perspective. The thrill she had experienced was intoxicating, and she could not wait to repeat it later when she finished work.
      The day seemed to drag for her, since all she could think about was the photoshoot that she was going to do later, and when it finally came time to finish, Hayley’s stomach began to turn in anticipation. The drive home was a blur as she raced through traffic, eager to get ready and head round to Pete’s house again. So she was pleasantly surprised to find out that Dan had already sorted a bag full of lingerie sets for her to wear. This gave her a little extra time in the shower to ensure she was ready, and as she was, Dan said he had laid some clothes out for her on the bed.
      Once she was out and starting to dry herself, Hayley looked at the outfit he had set out for her. Despite the fact that she hated having small boobs, Hayley still owned some non-padded bras, just to wear for Dan, since he had always told her he preferred them to the padded ones. He had selected one of these, similar set to the one she wore the day, and the matching thong, although this was a little more revealing than she remembered, since it was again almost see-through, and she had only worn it once for his Dan’s birthday.
      She put the underwear on and looked at herself in the mirror. Her toned, petite five-foot-two frame was a body a lot of girls would kill for, but she immediately felt conscious of how much was visible through the garments. ‘I don’t know about this…’ she thought, before finally convincing herself that there was a possibility she could end up nude, if she did, Pete would see everything anyway.
      Dan had also laid out a dress, which was more of a ‘going clubbing when single’ dress than anything, being short and quite revealing. After putting it on, she walked into the living room where Dan was sitting watching tv, and as soon as he saw her, a big smile hit his face.
      “You look so sexy! I’m guessing you’re also wearing the underwear I left out?” He gushed, amazed that the girl he loved, who was conscious of her body, was about to go to do a photoshoot wearing what she was.
      “If you can call it underwear. I forgot how see through it is! Are you sure you want me to let him see and photograph me wearing that?” she asked.
      “Are you joking? I loved it when you wore that on my birthday. You look so sexy in it. Besides, I told you, I want you to let him see and photograph you in a lot less than that…” Dan replied.
      “I know you do! Most guys would never even dream of letting another guy see their girlfriend in her underwear, and yet you, you kinky bastard, you want to let another guy photograph yours naked!” She laughed back, still pretty nervous at what Dan was hoping she would do, and worried if she would have the guts to follow it through.
      In addition to several different lingerie sets from yesterday, Hayley noticed that Dan had even thought to put in a few pairs of high heels as she picked the bag up to leave, and she kissed him goodbye.
      “Enjoy yourself, and do whatever you like. If you don’t want to go topless or nude, you don’t have to. I really hope you do, but don’t feel like you have to.” He told her. “Oh, and I’ve put a surprise in the bag for when you’re there. Have fun!”
      As Pete lived pretty close to her and Dan’s flat, she arrived a few minutes early, and after a quick cigarette to calm her nerves, jumped out of the car and headed in, as he had seen her arrive and was waiting at the door.
      “Hi, Hayley! Love the dress! You look great!” He said as they walked in.
      Like the previous day, he offered her a drink, and returned with a can of coke as she sat in his living room, emotions flitting between excited and nervous and excited again.
      “So, Dan said yesterday that you loved the shoot, and judging by the fact you’re here again and wanting to do another, I can only assume that he was telling the truth. To be honest, I haven’t had a chance to look at or do anything with the pictures we took yesterday, I’ve been that busy, but hopefully, I’ll get chance at the weekend to sort all of them out.” Pete said, to which Hayley nodded in agreement as she took a sip of her drink.
      “Ok, so I am guessing by looking at what you’ve got in the bag, you’re wanting to do a few more lingerie sets like yesterday?” He asked.
      “Yeah. I think that for the first one though, Dan wants me to start off in this dress and take it off during, is that ok?” She replied.
      “Absolutely fine. Why don’t we head upstairs and you can get yourself sorted whilst I get the camera ready, and we’ll get started. No point wasting time, is there?” He said, standing up and leading the way again as Hayley picked up her bag and drink and followed. “Again, I’ll be recording the shoot on video.”
      Hayley’s mind was in a million places as they headed up to the first floor, entering the small room she used for changing as Pete went into the main bedroom. She put the bag on the floor, and dropped her light jacket near it, before slipping off the flat shoes she wore to drive and pulling a pair of heels from the bag. Walking into the bedroom, she could still feel the nerves panging, but was a lot more relaxed than the day before, possibly helped by the fact that she was still wearing a dress, rather than just lingerie.
      Like before, Pete started off just taking random pictures to settle her down, and once she was again used to being in front of the camera, starting prompting her into poses as he began taking the more serious pictures.
      “Erm, do you want to say when you want me to take the dress off? I don’t know when to, so if you let me know, I can do that.” She said, slightly nervy, but also eager to move towards the lingerie pictures.
      “It’s completely up to you,” Pete said. “If you want to start slowly removing it now, that’s absolutely fine, or if you want some more pictures in it, that is ok too.”
      Hearing that, she said she was happy to take it off now, and he began giving instructions so that it was done slowly and sexily, giving him the best pictures he could get. Once she was out of the dress, she initially kept her back to him like she had done last time, mainly because she knew how transparent the underwear was, as his camera kept beeping.
      As she again relaxed into the shoot, her posing loosened up a lot, and it wasn’t long before she began to feel the same urge that she had felt the day before, the urge to take things a bit further. It was as if Pete could sense it too, as he suggested utilising the large mirror on the wall, which was when she had taken off her bra the last time. Although she didn’t do that, she did move to stand in front of it and put her hands down to cover her thong, whilst he was behind her, only just of the reflected image, and took a few pictures.
      He continued taking pictures from behind as she began to turn again, slowly starting to face the camera until she had done a complete 180-degree turn, and he was now photographing her from front, the mirror also giving the shot her back. He was regularly giving her compliments as he clicked away, and these were raising her confidence that much, she decided it was time to take the bra off.
      She turned her back again, so that she was facing the mirror, and without even thinking about the transparency of her thong, reached around and unfastened her bra, holding it in place as she took her arms out of the straps whilst Pete continued taking pictures, before dropping it and covering her boobs with her hands.
      Pete kept giving small directions as he snapped away, ensuring she kept herself covered up until such a time when she was ready to reveal herself, if that point ever came. Moving closer to the mirror, Hayley pressed herself against it and moved her hands, finally allowing herself to be truly topless, even if she was using the mirror to cover her boobs.
      Feeling a surge of adrenaline rush through her, she suggested to Pete that he move from behind her to the side, enabling him to capture several images of her body pressing against the glass, before pushing off the mirror slightly, slowly revealing her left breast to his side on shots.
      “Oh, yes, that is so sexy!” He called out as she gradually lifted her body off the mirror.
      In less than five pictures, Hayley was now standing away from the mirror other than her hands on it as though she was pushing it, and Pete was still on her left. Each shot he took was, as far as Hayley knew, uncharted territory, as it was the first time she had ever willingly allowed someone to take photographs of her exposed breasts.
      As Hayley moved further away from the mirror, Pete too changed his position, gradually working his way back to almost behind Hayley, who’s heart was thumping as she made no attempt to cover her chest as he captured image after image of her from the back.
      She watched him in the reflection as his camera kept beeping, indicating that another image had been taken. She couldn’t help but keep thinking that not only was she completely topless in front of a man that wasn’t her boyfriend, giving him a reflected view of her bare breasts that she had hidden from everybody, he was also photographing her.
      After a few minutes, she again began turning around each time he took a picture, although unlike before, this time she was fully aware of what she was doing. As she slowly turned, she stopped at the point where she was giving Pete a square-on shot in the reflection, and remained like that for a few seconds, only moving her arms or hands to ensure that he captured multiple pictures of her, before resuming her rotation.
      Like the previous day, she slowly turned each shot until she was again side-on to him, although unlike before, this time she was making no attempt to cover her breasts up. She stayed in a side-on profile for a few seconds, and then continued, her heart racing as Pete eventually captured several fully topless pictures of her, face on.
      Once Hayley had ‘crossed that bridge’, she gradually started to calm down internally, and her confidence grew each time Pete gave her a compliment or a little encouragement. They did multiple pictures in various locations and positions around the bedroom, and Hayley was absolutely loving the thrill of another man seeing her topless, when she found herself back by the mirror again.
      “Do you want to do some bum shots like we did yesterday?” Pete asked.
      “That’s exactly what I was thinking,” Hayley said, turning her back to him and looking over her shoulder as took another picture.
      As Hayley moved around, playing with the waistband on the thong she was wearing, Pete had also changed his positions until he had managed to wind up behind her again. Due to where he was, each picture he took that was focussed on Hayley’s bum, was also capturing her front in the reflection in the mirror, something that he incorrectly assumed she was aware of.
      Much to his surprise and without any encouragement or suggestion, he kept taking photos as Hayley continued looking over her shoulder at the camera, never once taking her gaze from it, and gradually lowered the thong to just beneath her bum cheeks. Unlike yesterday, where she had only pulled the back of it down at first, essentially pulling a ‘moony’ to the camera, this time she had pushed the whole thing down. She continued playing with the band as she kept going, leaning forward and sticking her bum out towards Pete, until she had pushed it down to her knees.
      Once it was there, she stood up straight, moved her feet to shoulder-width apart, and put her hands on her hips. She never stopped looking over her shoulder at Pete and the camera as she inadvertently fulfilled Dan’s wish, changing her position slightly each time he took another picture of her, before moving her legs together and allowing her thong to drop to the floor.
      “Oh wow! That is so sexy! You look incredible!” Pete told her.
      He took almost twenty pictures of her in various poses from where he was, each of them capturing her full frontal nude in the mirror's reflection, before moving to the left a couple of steps. This meant losing the reflection, but letting him get her boobs into the main part as she turned her top half towards him slightly.
      He suggested she stood leaning against the edge of the mirror, keeping her back to where he now was, and took a few more pictures of her from behind, including the reflection.
      “Oh, that’s great. I love that!” He said as she again posed in different ways, enabling him to capture everything twice due to the reflection.
      Like she had done multiple times before, Hayley was again unaware that she was slowly turning towards the camera each time she heard a beep, and despite starting with her back completely to him, she was now almost side-on. Pete, however, had noticed, and even though he had maintained complete professionalism throughout the shoot, he was still a male in his early twenties.
      Pete had always considered himself average looking. He wasn’t the hottest guy in the room, but was far from the ugliest as well. Despite this, his chosen hobby had enabled him to get to see and photograph in varying states of undress, multiple girls that he would have classed as out of his league, and knowing they were someone else’s girlfriend, just made it even sweeter for him.
      He had done several full frontal nude sets with other female models before, and now, there was currently a different, gorgeous girl completely naked in front of him, letting him take photographs of her. Not long ago, he had been taking shots of her topless, wearing a thong transparent enough to let him see that she kept a landing strip. Shortly after that, he had photographed her completely naked in a mirror, but this had only served to whet his appetite, and at that point, more than anything, he desperately wanted to see and shoot another her full frontal nude.
      Rather than trying to push the issue, he decided to continue as he was, taking picture after picture as she absentmindedly turned, finally reaching a side-on view again. This was enough for him to again get a frontal shot of her in the mirror, and as she paused in that position for a couple of shots, he felt a pang of disappointment that possibly that was as far as she would go.
      That feeling immediately left though, as once his camera beeped for the third time of her in that position, she started moving again, each beep revealing more and more of Hayley’s naked form. Initially, she had only exposed herself in the mirror, but as his camera continued capturing everything, more and more of her became visible to his lens without the need for the reflection.
      First, her left breast, and as she turned, both boobs came into his shot, until she was almost three quarters on to him. It wasn’t only Hayley’s heart that was now pounding, Pete’s was absolutely thumping in his chest as he snapped each image, edging closer towards the picture he coveted. He pressed the button again, before pausing to look at the picture on the screen.
      It wasn’t quite what he hoped for, and whilst it was technically a full-frontal shot, thanks again to her reflection, he wanted to see everything without the aid of the mirror. It still showed Hayley completely naked, both breasts fully in view, and even though the top of the small strip of pubic hair she kept was partly visible, her hips were still angled away from him, and her left thigh was raised slightly, shielding her most intimate region from his eyes.
      “Wow! That is such a great shot! You look so good there!” He said, unintentionally causing Hayley to realise that she was almost facing him, and instinctively turning away a little.
      Hayley was now a little flushed, suddenly thinking that even though Dan was hoping she would let Pete see everything, she was still a little unsure, and had almost done so without realising. She suggested a change of underwear, which even though it was to Pete’s disappointment, he enthusiastically agreed and turned around, allowing Hayley to pick up her discarded clothing and retreat into the small room next door to put something else on.
      Once inside the room, she pushed the door to, and took a deep breath, thinking about how she had almost let him see her completely naked, and found her stomach full of butterflies. She had never done anything like this in her life before this week, and yet a few seconds ago, a man she met one day ago had not only almost seen her completely naked, face on, but also taken pictures of her.
      Whilst she put on a different bra and thong, she was still internally debating whether she would actually follow through on Dan’s request to let him see her fully nude or not. It didn’t once occur to her that thanks to the mirror, he already possessed a multitude of pictures that showed everything, and after another deep breath, she returned into the bedroom for the next set.
      The next set lasted roughly twenty minutes, and despite how far she had gone in the first set, she didn’t even go topless. This was possibly due to the fact that she wasn’t keen on the underwear she was wearing. So when Pete suggested another change, she almost ran to put something else on.
      She rummaged through the bag, slightly unimpressed by most of what Dan had put in for her, as they didn’t really make her feel very sexy, until she came across the small bag containing the surprise he mentioned. Opening it, she found it contained an underwear set she hadn’t seen before, with a note attached – ‘Took half a day from work and decided to get you this. Not trying to pressure you, but I’d love to see some pictures where you start off wearing this, and finish wearing nothing. Love you XX’.
      She took the garments out of the bag, and as she looked at them, was genuinely surprised that Dan had brought them for her. The bra was the 32b size she wore, and fitted absolutely perfectly, if she was being honest. But the material was almost completely see-through, a lot more so than anything else she had worn previously.
      Once she put the bra on, she pulled out the thong, and discovered that it was even more of a revelation. The waistband was an extremely thin length of material, much finer than most normal underwear waistbands, but part at the front that was normally a fabric triangle to cover her pubic region, was only an outline from the material, with roughly an inch or so of the same, almost see-through material from the bra, at the bottom to cover her intimate place.
      Putting it on, she looked at herself in the mirror, fully expecting to think it looked tacky and hate it, but was actually amazed at how sexy she felt when she saw herself. Yes, it was a lot less than she would ever dream of wearing normally, but there was something about it that made her feel incredible. As she twisted and turned in front of the mirror, she had an idea, and decided to bring it up with Pete when she went for the next shoot.
      After a few moments, she decided to go for it… But not yet, instead, making her mind up that she would wear that for the last shoot of the night. She went back to the bag, hoping to find something she liked to put on for the next set, and did exactly that. Hidden underneath the bag that contained Dan’s ‘surprise gift’, was a black and emerald green set that Hayley loved. She would rate them as one of her top three sexiest underwear sets that she owned. She quickly took off the new set she had just tried on, and changed into the black/green ones, before returning to the bedroom, where Pete again commented on how great she looked.
      “Quick question, before we start,” Hayley said. “That big mirror in the room I’ve been changing in, can we bring that in here and use it as well? I loved using this mirror on the wall, and thought we could lean that one against this at a right angle, sticking out, so that it gave two reflections? It was really exhilarating earlier, when you were shooting from behind me, knowing you were also seeing my boobs in the reflection. If you don’t want to, or can’t, don’t worry, but I thought it would be quite a cool idea.”
      “Do you know, I actually thought about that earlier, but didn’t say anything in case you thought it was a bit much. Absolutely we can, hang on a second,” Pete replied, before disappearing out of the room and returning a few seconds later, carrying the massive mirror.
      As Hayley had suggested, he put it against the wall and leaned it on the frame of the existing mirror, before standing a chair behind it to make sure it didn’t fall over, creating a half box type enclosure, complete with double reflective surfaces inside.
      The shoot started off with her in front of the mirrors, and despite how much Hayley liked the green and black underwear, she had soon taken the bra off and was happily posing topless, knowing that no matter which way she faced, every picture contained her bare boobs, which was reinstating the thrill she had earlier. After almost ten minutes, Pete suggested they do some shots on the bed, and although she was slightly disappointed, she agreed.
      At first, they were innocuous enough, and Pete had moved around the bed to his left, Hayley’s right, suggesting she start kneeling upright. From his new position, the mirrors were in a direct line behind Hayley, meaning he was also capturing her back in the reflections with each picture
      A few moments later, Hayley reached down and adjusted her thong a little, resulting in him saying, "That was hot. Do you want to just play with the waistband a little bit? It gave a real teasing effect when you did that."
      Hearing this, Hayley repeated the action, gently tugging the band down a little to reveal a slightly more each time. The thong was nowhere near as see-through as the first one she wore, meaning she revealed a lot less when face on. However, there were several times when it was low enough to just about show the top of her landing strip.
      Changing it up a little, she went down on to all fours, as Pete stayed in front of her, her small boobs hanging down and her bum sticking out in the reflection behind her.
      “Oh wow. That looks great! I don’t know if you know it, but the mirrors are giving a great reflection of your bum from here,” Pete told her, unsure if he was about to ruin things for himself.
      On the contrary, Hayley laughed, having not realised that was the case, and quickly went back on to her knees, pulled the waistband of her thong down at the back until it was beneath her bum cheeks again, and returned to being on all fours.
      Pete took several more pictures of her like this, before suggesting she lay flat on her stomach, which she did, and left the thong under her bum, letting him get some shots of her like that.
      “Do you know, from here, it looks like you’re naked. All I can see of your thong is a small bit of material by your hips, but the rest of it is completely out of sight,” He said, again worrying afterwards if his comment would result in her pulling it back up.
      Like the last time, Hayley just smiled coyly, and without really thinking about it, suggested taking it down further. Pete was never going to say no, and she fumbled around on her front until she had her legs bent up at the knee, and the thong was around her ankles, at which point Pete restarted taking pictures. Hayley began getting into it again, and he took several shots of her playfully pulling on the thong while it still had her crossed feet in it, before taking it off altogether, and after a few more pictures of her holding it by her head, tossed it away.
      Once her thong was well away from her, Hayley continued posing in various ways that ensured it was clear she was nude, but still not quite giving a full-frontal picture, even in the reflections. Pete had managed to get several more where she was turned towards him, but she had just stopped short each time, much to his disappointment.
      Hayley was kneeling on the bed, almost side-on, but facing slightly more towards him. Her left leg was a little more forward than her right, and was twisting her top half around, meaning that both boobs were in the pictures, and again, the slightest view of her pubic hairline was visible.
      “Oh, yes, that’s great. So sexy!” Pete said.
      “Can we do some more by the mirrors?” She asked, leaving him unsure if he should feel glad or disappointed, since he had almost got the shot he craved, but knew the mirrors would make it highly likely he would get more reflected nude shots.
      Pete nodded, and Hayley again turned away from him and climbed off the bed, immediately putting her hands between her legs to cover her as she took the few steps back to where the mirrors were. She started off facing him this time, but kept both hands in front of her pussy, still preventing Pete from getting the shot he wanted.
      “You look so great! Do you want to turn around again, so I can get some more of your bum in the main shot?” He suggested.
      Hayley smiled a big grin, and immediately turned away from him, keeping her hands covering herself at first, but as she relaxed more, was soon moving them around, although only one at any given time, the other one remaining in place. She didn’t mind as Pete moved around a bit whilst taking the pictures, taking pictures from all available angles, and just as he thought she would keep herself covered up for the rest of the shoot, her other hand moved away.
      He clicked immediately, capturing not only her entire back in the main shot, but her fully nude front in the reflection again. Remembering that any time he spoke before, Hayley had quickly turned away or covered herself up, he decided to remain quiet this time, a tactic that was soon rewarded. Like so many times before, Hayley once again began turning each time his camera beeped, and thanks to the addition of the second mirror and her no longer keeping a hand in front of herself, every shot now had a fully nude shot of her, thanks to the reflections.
      He remained quiet as she again reached a side-on view to him, leaving him unsure if she either didn’t realise, or didn’t care, that the pictures he was currently taking contained not only her from the side, but also reflections of both her bum, and full front.
      Praying internally that this was to be it, Pete kept shooting as she continued to move a little more each time the beep indicated another photograph had been taken, gradually achieving the same ‘almost there’ position that she did in the first shoot, which seemed so long ago now. Looking through the lens, he could see how close he actually was. Currently, in the frame, he was capturing both boobs, stomach, and could even see the majority of her landing strip.
      One step to his left, possibly even a small lean, and he would get the shot. He wanted so badly to tell her, ‘turn a fraction more,’ since if she did, he would get the shot. His mind was a mess of indecision about what to do, since he desperately wanted that picture, but after a momentary hesitation, he realised that if he moved or said anything, Hayley would likely turn away. He pressed the button again, thinking that if that was the closest he came, he could still see almost everything, and he at least also had the reflection pictures.
      To his disappointment, Hayley did move, but not how he was hoping. Instead, she tilted her head back, and putting her hands in her hair, as well as closing her eyes. ‘Please please please,’ he thought, pressing the button again and again, capturing three or four pictures of her like this as the digital beeps rang out.
      Once again, his heart was absolutely racing in hope and anticipation, and as the fourth beep sounded, she resumed turning exactly how he was hoping she would. Pete's hand was almost shaking at this point, and even though she was only giving the very slightest view of her pussy to him in a shot that wasn’t a reflection, it was still more than ever before.
      As he pressed the button again, she edged round even further, and within four beeps, he finally had the picture he wanted – full frontal. Both of her boobs, along with her previously unseen pussy, were on full display to him. Whether she intended to or not, Hayley was now showing Pete everything.
      He couldn’t help but smile to himself, but continued pressing the button to get more pictures, fully aware that Hayley could turn away at any point, and he wanted to make sure he had plenty of pictures of her revealing it all.
      Once she was completely face-on to Pete, Hayley stopped turning, but still kept changing her pose slightly each time the camera beeped. Despite the fact that Dan had said he would love it for her to let Pete see her completely naked, in her mind, she was still building herself up to doing that in the next set, by stripping from the almost non-existent underwear Dan had brought for her.
      Once she opened her eyes and saw she was square on, her heart began thumping as hard as Pete’s still was, the realisation immediately hitting her that she had turned around a little more than she intended to, and Dan’s wish had been fulfilled. Almost every instinct inside Hayley was now telling her to turn around or to cover herself up, because not only was a man she met one day ago standing before her as she was completely naked, he was also taking pictures, the first time in her life anyone had taken nude photos of her.
      Despite this, she could feel herself completely understanding why Dan had wanted her to do it. Once the initial moment of panic/terror/embarrassment passed, it turned, just as quickly into nerves, and a couple of beeps later, into adrenaline. The rush of excitement coursed through her body as Pete captured picture after picture of her exposed form, and as it did, she felt herself becoming extremely turned on.
      She quickly became used to being naked. She found it freeing that, after all of the time she had spent covering her body up and making her boobs look significantly bigger than they were, she was allowing someone to take pictures of her in an undressed and completely exposed state.
      Unexpectedly, she found herself wanted to stay like this and let him keep going, but remembered the last set of underwear that Dan had brought for her was in the next room, and she now couldn't wait to get that shoot done ‘exactly as he asked’, meaning she would wear them at the start, and end by not wearing anything.
      “So, Dan brought me a set of lingerie to wear at some point. I had decided to wear them for the last set, so shall we do them now?” She said, to Pete’s disappointment.
      “Yeah sure. It’s your shoot, Hayley. You can change sets whenever you like,” He replied, keeping his disappointment hidden.
      “The thing is, he dared me to start off the shoot wearing it, and end it by not wearing anything. He wants me to pose fully nude, but I don’t want to want take too long to take anything off, and don’t want to do it too quickly either. I know you said you don’t normally ask a girl to remove anything, but I want you to tell me when. Just say something like, ‘OK, can you take off the bra,’ or, 'do you want to take off the thong?’ Or something like that. Basically, I want you to tell me what to do this time, and I want to make it really sexy for him. So if you have any ideas of how you want me to pose, just say,” She told him.
      “Er, ok. Sure I can do that,” He responded, his heart thumping as he knew he would again be getting more full-frontal shots.
      Hayley quickly went into the small room and put on the garments Dan had brought for her, and not being able to check herself in the mirror because it was in the main bedroom like she requested, returned a few moments later, wearing the revealing underwear.
      “Oh, wow!” Pete said, half laughing, half choking in amazement at what she had on. “That is really sexy. Although, I'm amazed anyone would buy their gorgeous girlfriend something that revealing to wear for a photoshoot,” He said, immediately scolding himself internally that his comment sounded almost like he was completely inexperienced, and could have made Hayley self-conscious.
      Hayley just remarked that Dan was ‘a strange one’, and asked where he wanted to get started. Pete suggested they start and end the set in the doorway, which Hayley thought sounded good to her, and moved back as his camera again beeped into life once more.
      Hayley knew how little the underwear covered, and what was covered, wasn’t really covered, due to how see-through the material was. But after the thrill of being completely nude in the last set, she was a lot less concerned about how much was on show. If she were to tell the truth, she was only wearing these for Dan’s benefit, and couldn’t wait to get down to some really sexy pictures for him.
      She had started the set with her back towards Pete like she did pretty much every time, but this time, she didn’t take very long to turn around to be facing him. He clicked away as she posed in the lingerie, her nipples clearly visible through the bra, and landing strip completely uncovered thanks to the open design on the front of the thong.
      As she stood for the pictures in the doorway, Hayley noticed that bedroom was actually a lot bigger than she had previously realised, and after a quick look around, began to see various things that she could utilise in this, or possible future shoots, such as the wooden chair, a footstool, and an ottoman. After a few minutes, she stepped into the room and moved to the dressing table, where the chair she saw a few moments ago, was tucked in.
      Despite wanting to give instructions, Pete remained quiet as he kept shooting. Not because he wanted to, but because almost every time he thought of something, it was as if Hayley read his mind, and did pretty much exactly what he thought without him needing to give any direction, or even say anything at all.
      He took plenty of pictures of her on and around the dressing table, and when she sat on the wooden chair, Pete decided to start ramping it up a bit.
      “Oh, that’s good. Do you want to lose the bra now?” He said, immediately wondering if he had said it too soon.
      Apparently he hadn’t, as Hayley simply reached back and undid the clasp, before dropping it on the floor. She remained on the chair for several shots, Pete moving each time to change the angles and lighting, before he decided to see if she was prepared to go a little further still as he stepped back a couple of small paces.
      “Ok, do you want to stand up and put your foot up on to the chair?” He suggested, which Hayley again did. “Yes, that’s really nice. Really sexy!”
      Despite the fact she had technically done what he said, Hayley had put the leg closest to him on the chair, so after a few pictures like that, he got her to switch. This meant she was again in a side-on view, but she had turned her top half towards him, giving him more pictures of her boobs every time.
      “Ok, now, just turn so that you’re facing me, but keep the foot on the chair," He said, clicking away as she did as instructed.
      Due to how she was standing and the design of the thong, every picture was not just showing her boobs, but the transparency of the garment meant that her pussy was also clearly visible. He took multiple pictures of her in that position, only suggesting she moved her arms, hands, and head, before testing the water of her going further still.
      “These look great. You look incredible. Now, do you want to sit down, straddling the chair so that you’re facing me.”
      Again, Hayley didn’t seem to think as she did what he asked, putting her leg to the other side of the wooden seat and sitting down. The chair itself was a very simple thing, a wooden frame that had no back, except for two thin slats across the top, meaning that nothing of her was really hidden. Pete again clicked away, thinking of how great it would be if even though the thong was basically see-through, it wasn’t there at all, before suggesting she move on to the bed.
      She again started by lying on her stomach as Pete took shots from each angle by slowly circling around her until he returned to his starting point by her head.
      “This is some great stuff. You look incredible. Do you want to take the thong off now?” He more suggested than asked.
      Despite how in the last set she had been completely naked and Pete had seen everything, she was now back to being a little shy. She fumbled underneath herself until she had at her ankles, her legs bent up at the knee as Pete suggested she leave her feet in it and stretch the garment a little. Doing this meant that because of how her body was twisted, her boobs were again visible for his camera, but this no longer bothered her. Instead, it only served to give her a thrill.
      A few moments later, the thong was completely off, and she posed with it in her hands for several pictures before tossing it on the floor near to the door.
      “Just push up on to your elbows, yes, like that,” Pete said, as Hayley responded.
      Her small breasts were completely visible above the crossed arms she was leaning on, and both feet were still in the air. Her legs were crossed at the ankle like they were when she was posing with her thong. Pete was a few steps away from the bed, but still positioned near her head, and was standing up, giving him a better vantage point to capture her entire body as he took a few more pictures.
      “Ok, just put your legs down flat on the bed, and open them out a little bit.” He directed.
      Again, Hayley immediately responded, and although when he said to open them out a little bit, he was thinking to put her feet roughly shoulder-width apart, she had spread them wider. Not complaining, he snapped a couple more pictures, before moving one step to his left, and taking another. This was what he had done before when he circled around the bed, and when Hayley didn’t say anything, he took another step and then another picture.
      Hayley was now absolutely brimming with confidence as he made his way around the bed, regularly hearing him say how sexy or gorgeous she looked, and was thinking how much she wanted this to be true for when she showed Dan the pictures. She didn’t know how many photos he took as he worked his way back to by her head, nor did she care, instead, once he was back to where he started, she took a deep breath, put her legs together, and then rolled over.
      She kept looking at the camera as Pete snapped away, fully aware that now, for the first time in her life, she was intentionally, and willingly, revealing herself completely. She knew that earlier on, she had done it, but in her mind, that was a mistake. An accident. She had meant to turn towards him and let him get some ‘almost’ pictures of her, but never intended to show everything. This time, she was consciously choosing to do it, and she felt so aroused by doing so.
      Pete remained near to her head, but moved around from side to side as he took picture after picture of her, occasionally giving instructions, like to cup her boobs, or put her arms out to the side. As much as the adrenaline in Hayley’s system was flowing every time she heard a beep, Pete’s was exactly the same, and his heart didn’t seem to be able to stop thumping in his chest.
      “You look absolutely amazing. I love it!” Pete said as he clicked another shot. “Just bring your feet up, and can you put them together so that the soles are against each other? I think that would look really sexy.”
      Thinking about what he meant for a second, Hayley then wasted no time in doing as he asked, her legs forming a diamond shape, flat against the bed as Pete voiced various ideas and instructions for what to do with her arms.
      It wasn’t only Hayley that was now full of confidence. Pete was also feeling it surge through his body with every press of the button or suggestion he made, which Hayley was following to the letter, and seeing her laying how she was, his mind was rapidly moving past a lingerie/topless/nude shoot.
      Once her hands were behind her head, he knew that the picture he had just taken was incredible. She looked like an angel, laying on her back, with her legs parted wide open to allow her feet to be touching at the soles like he had asked.
      Her breasts were barely noticeable on her chest, only just detectable if wasn’t for the nipples that resembled pencil erasers, standing proud, indicating their presence. Beneath them was an abdomen that was flat, toned from years of dancing, which housed her cute ‘innie’ type belly button. From his camera's view, her pronounced landing strip was also clearly displayed, adorning her pubic mound, unlike any girl he had previously photographed.
      Hayley was the fifth girl he had shot to have gone nude, but she was the first that kept any pubic hair, since the other four, including Kelly, were completely shaved or waxed. He had got plenty of pictures that contained her intimate grooming so far, including quite a lot in the previous set where he finally got the full-frontal shot he had been craving.
      Despite having wanted that picture since the day before and finally getting it, how she was laying now offered a completely new, and exciting possibility, and there was no way he was going to let it pass if he could avoid it. His head immediately filled with the thought of getting the picture from the other end of the bed, a potential first for him, and he decided to go for it.
      “Arch your shoulders up a bit, pushing your boobs out,” He said, as he took a step to his left.
      “What boobs? Hahaha,” Hayley responded, but did as he instructed.
      “Yes, that’s it, hold that,” He instructed, taking another step after each picture.
      Within a few shots, he was level with her hips, and told her to put her shoulders back down flat, and focusing the camera towards her face for a couple of pictures as he paused moving and had her look directly into the lens.
      “Tell you what, put your head down flat on the bed. Just chuck the pillows on the floor,” He told her, watching as she did so, before taking another picture and stepping back slightly.
      “Ok, tip your head back and stare straight at the wall,” He said, taking another step back slightly before taking the shot this time.
      Her hands were still behind her head, which was tilted back like Pete wanted. So, because he had taken several shots like that, he told her to stretch her arms out to the sides, changing it up a little bit. As she did what he said, he took another small step back, and pressed the button again, capturing the shot. His latest step back had put him level with her knees, still wide apart so that her feet were touching at the bottom, and giving him an unrestricted view at her most intimate area.
      “Ok, bring your hands back in so that they are against the side of your head,” He said, taking a bigger step this time, putting him almost at the end of the bed before taking the picture.
      Unbelievably, he hadn’t taken the zoom off from when he had focussed the pictures on her face, and knew that if he had, he would now be in possession of a picture like he had previously never taken. Undeterred, he corrected his minor mistake, and his next step took him around the end of the bed, putting him almost directly in line with Hayley.
      His heart was still pounding as he pressed the button, and for the first time in his life, the beep indicated he had accomplished a personal first. Not only had he taken a picture of a model that nude, but her legs were spread open, and her lady-flower was being displayed in all its glory. Knowing that Hayley could just as quickly close her legs or change position, he quickly took a couple more, just to make sure.
      “Oh, that’s a beautiful shot, really sexy. Do you want to bring your hands down so that you’re just tweaking your nipples slightly,” He said, secretly hoping that his comment wouldn’t cause her to move.
      Hayley again did as asked, not paying attention to where Pete was now standing as he took each picture, first tweaking at her nipples, before tugging them as per his next request. The next ten or so shots were all taken from that position, Pete capturing image after image of her flat on her back with her legs spread wide for him.
      Time had not really been on either of their minds as the shoot had been ongoing, but looking at the clock on the wall and seeing it read twenty to ten, he knew that unfortunately, the shoot would need to wind up soon. With that in mind, and although he didn’t want to, he suggested to Hayley that they work their way back towards the door where they were intending to end the shoot.
      The did a few more shots using the mirrors, although not many as this had plenty from the last set, before Hayley reproduced her earlier poses on the dressing table and chair, again straddling the chair and giving him another few pictures of her with legs spread, before being in the doorway.
      Unlike before, she was now facing Pete as he snapped away, collecting more and more full-frontal images as Hayley’s heart continued racing at the naughtiness of it, before he took the final shot of the night, finishing off with her back to him in the same pose as the first shot, although this time, wearing nothing.
      By the time Hayley had re-dressed and left, it was almost quarter past ten, meaning the shoot had gone on for around three and a half hours, and after closing the door to her, Pete again rushed upstairs and began transferring all of the files to his laptop, both from his handheld camera, and the three video cameras positioned around the room that Hayley had given no thought to during either shoot.
      When she walked back in the house she shared with Dan, her heart was only just starting to return to a regular rhythm, and he couldn’t wait to hear how things went. She began explaining the evening’s events, her excitement still obvious as the rush continued inside her, although choosing to deliberately leave out that she had gone full frontal and let Pete see everything, as she knew Dan was becoming more and more turned on as she spoke, and wanted to keep him in suspense a little while longer.
      When she finally did admit to fulfilling his wish, Dan was on the edge of bursting, and hearing how she had finally revealed herself and let the photographer see her completely nude, he couldn’t hold himself any longer. Like the previous night, he immediately pulled her to him and began kissing down her body, focussing between her legs as he orally pleasured her to orgasm twice, before another prolonged lovemaking session took place.
      Pete, on the other hand, had taken a quick shower as the pictures copied from the memory card onto his computer’s hard drive, and upon returning, began flicking through the images on the screen. Despite all of the pictures he had taken that day, and his anticipation to get to see them, it was the last couple of pictures from the night before that caught his attention, where Hayley was in the doorway.
      It turned out that as she had slowly turned around towards him, she was revealing her intimate shaving in quite a few of the pictures where he didn’t even realise it. The part that really caught his eye though, was that in addition to those, the last few images he captured where she had put her right elbow up and dropping her left shoulder, were also revealing everything, thanks to her shuffling her feet. He hadn’t realised it at the time, but on her very first photoshoot, and despite not meaning to, she had inadvertently let him see and photograph her full-frontal, something he decided to keep to himself.
      ‘Oh, man! I wonder if she meant to do this when I took them. God, I really hope she does more shoots. She is so hot. I wonder if she’d do a shoot with another person. I’d love to shoot her with Kelly, or Carly. I think that would be so hot, and I bet they would go further than just posing nude,’ He thought to himself…
