
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                                    AI

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

   What it takes to please your 11-year old daughter nowadays;
   Elektra, my pale bouncing girl with chipper blue eyes and blonde
   hair. Nothing like her mother, thank God, who left me for someone
   "better" long ago. No love lost between the two of them either,
   as Elektra never got along with her mother. I was always her
   favorite, so she was happy to stay and cuddle with me.

   Back in earlier centuries, she would have been content with a
   Barbie Doll or two or three. Welcome to the 23rd century, when no
   less will suffice than a fully functional realistic android just
   like all her friends have. And anyways with the price coming
   down, we could afford two or three easily.

   Amazing what they're doing with technology these days. I
   understand with all that Artificial Intelligence, it can even
   help her with math and stuff like that. Mostly, I think they try
   on different clothes, just like dolls from the olden days.

   Now I'm sitting home, taking a day off. Elektra is off at school
   with her girlfriends, leaving me home alone with the robot. As I
   sit sipping coffee, Roberta (the robot) follows her homing
   circuitry, causing her to be drawn towards human company. It's a
   girl robot, made to look and act the same age as my Elektra. As I
   sit in my pajamas sipping coffee at the kitchen table, Roberta
   comes in and sits next to me, wearing a light flannel nightgown
   that barely goes down to her knees.

   She was a birthday gift about a month ago, so I haven't spent
   much time with her yet. My daughter occupies all of her time (I
   haven't the vaguest idea what they spend all it doing), but now
   with Elektra off at school, the beautiful young womanequin is
   here in front of me. Chestnut brown hair, a freckle here and
   there.

   I marvel at how realistic her skin appears. Absently, I reach
   over to feel her cheek with the tips of my fingers. First she
   shies away slightly, then allows me to stroke the gentle skin of
   her face, to caress her soft locks of chestnut brown hair. Just
   like the real thing!

   She reaches up and takes my hand, swiveling to stare at me with
   her deep brown eyes. Very authentic.

   "You are very realistic," I venture, unsure what to say to an
   android.

   "Why thank you," she said, lowering her eyes. "She" is still
   holding my hand affectionately, and snuggles up to my side,
   placing a small kiss on my cheek.

   I am amazed how soft and moist her lips are. I bet she kisses
   better than most women I've ever met. "Are you capable of
   kissing, you know, on the lips?" I ask hesitantly.

   "I am capable of a full range of affection," she replies
   matter-of-factly. "I am designed to be anatomically correct to
   both a visual and tactile senses."

   Momentarily wondering just what she means by `full range of
   affection,' I feel a twinge of guilt at playing with Elektra's
   toy. But hell, it was my money. And hey, I'm not hurting anybody.

   I lean forward and brush my lips against hers, half expecting
   that she will bite, or taste like mechanic's grease. Nothing of
   the sort. Sweeter than honey, she responds with a gentle
   ferocity, running her tongue around the inner rim of my lips.

   I later read that this model of robot was equipped with circuitry
   that had been designed with a bisexual lesbian from the 22nd
   century who had become fed up with the constrictive consent laws
   of the time. Of course, now that the legal age has been lowered
   to 9 years old, it's not such a big deal. Apparently, nobody
   since then has been able to design affection algorithms with the
   same degree of authenticity, and they are impossible to separate
   from the well, um, more intimate shall we say, aspects.

   As we were engaged in the playfully sensual french kisses, I
   noticed that she had sat on my lap, facing me, running her hands
   up and down my chest, legs spreading around me. Her soft baby-fat
   (-like) buns touched my crotch briefly, causing a pleasant
   tension as the blood rushed in, creating a bulge against the
   front of my pants.

   She looked down at it, scooting closer to where she was gently
   pressing her crotch against the bulge in my pants. She moaned
   gently as she made contact. The bulge increased as she gently
   rocked against it. I had to adjust, so I reached down inside my
   pants. Her hand followed mine, and I felt the soft tips of her
   fingers stroking the head of it, all the while probing and
   caressing my lips and tongue with hers.

   I noticed a tiny damp spot on the front of her nightgown where
   she was pressing against me. Curious how exactly `anatomical' she
   was, I reached around her butt, under her gown, and gently probed
   around the underside of her pubic arch with my fingers -- halfway
   expecting to find the door to a battery compartment. She gasped
   as I touched her clitoris by chance, and the tip of my ring
   finger slid a ways into the moist hole.

   The intensity of her stroking inside my pants increased slightly.
   We went on feeling each other this way for awhile, the action of
   her gyrating pelvis increasing with the sound of her moans of
   longing.

   At this point, I knew I would have to cum somehow, or be grumpy
   all day. And anyways, Elektra was already going to be upset no
   matter what. "Hey, can I really put this thing inside of you?" I
   asked.

   "Oh, please," she moaned, tugging at the waistband of my pants. I
   pulled them down, letting fly the stiffly flopping arrow of
   pleasure. She reached down with both hands and circled shaft and
   balls with her sensuous caresses.

   She kneeled down and began to suck on the head, (after pausing to
   moisten her finger with saliva) deftly inserting her finger into
   my anus. My rod responded by perking up even more, irresistibly
   unstoppably solid, ready to drill through a cement wall.

   She stood up again and, lifting her gown, brushed the tip against
   her soft moist hole. Yes! We moaned together in sweet pleasure.
   She brushed again, and again, this time pushing down gently,
   plunging me inside of her.

   She did all the work, kissing me with her mouth and with the
   mouth between her legs, taking me into the safety of her pleasure
   zone.

   Our rhythmic dance continued until, ripe with the tension of
   longing, I felt her vagina contracting around me, causing me to
   let go with cascading ripples of gushing forth milky sweetness
   into the forbidden void between her legs.

   Elektra would be so pissed if she know. Oh well.
     ____________________________________________________________

   You know how kids forget to give you notices from school? The
   teacher hands out a slip of paper and informs the students that
   the message is urgent, and it winds up folded and forgotten at
   the bottom of a backpack until either it is too late, or (better)
   until there is barely enough time and whatever it is needs to be
   done in a frantically frenetic frenzy?

   It turned out that Elektra seemed not to notice that I had
   engaged in any misbehavior with her girl-bot, so after a few days
   or so I found more opportunities to spend time with "her,"
   exploring the "full range of affection" she had so honestly
   boasted of. Full range. Man, that hardly begins to say it.

   And so it was that, one afternoon, I writhed with pleasant
   longing, rocket ship ready to reach the stars, the tip of it
   captured in Roberta's deliciously teasing and coaxing mouth,
   ready to erupt any moment onto her tongue, when the door bursts
   open and Elektra bursts in with her friend Yacinta, a thin
   dark-skinned girl, also eleven, who as got to be one of the
   friendliest, most physically attractive young girls I have ever
   met. "Hi dad, we had a half-day at school today, and... Oh my
   God."

   Talk about blushing faces, all around. In a panic, I gave up hope
   that Yacinta would ever respect me again. How on earth would I
   blow off this story if it got around? Which it seemed likely to
   do with two such loquacious witnesses. As I sat there on the
   couch in the awkward silence with steel rod firmly raging upward,
   even more firmly in the company of my daughter and her friend.

   "I didn't know you had a half-day at school," I stammered
   clumsily.

   "Oh, yeah." Said Elektra. She plopped down her back and began
   digging through it. Roberta smiled coyly up at me, and ran her
   tongue up the shaft to the tip of my penis.

   Yacinta, still smiling, sat down curiously on the couch next to
   me, eyes glued to the scene of fascination. "I didn't know she
   could pleasure guys too," she muttered softly.

   Too? I thought. "Too" meaning "in addition to," in addition to
   what? To pleasuring girls? OK, so what had they been doing with
   this robot in all the time they spend off in her room?

   Roberta ran her tongue the length of me, and my rod vibrated as a
   string that had just been plucked.

   "Here, dad," said Elektra, shoving a crumpled, torn, dirty piece
   of paper in my face. I turned it over, then right-side-up to
   reveal the writing on it. "Attention parents ... February 11 will
   be a half-day, in preparation for the upcoming teacher
   conferences. Students will be dismissed at noon on that day."

   "That would be today," I said. "Thanks for the warning."

   Elektra shrugged. "No problem," she mumbled, sitting down on the
   couch on the other side of me. "So, is this going to take long? I
   want to play with my dolly-girl."

   "I am fully capable of multitasking," stated Roberta, running her
   finger once more the length of my stiffened member. "I am
   programmed with the capacity to give pleasure to both of you at
   once."

   Now it was Elektra's turn to blush.

   "Yeah, yeah," said Yacinta quietly, eyes flashing at Elektra,
   then putting up her fingers to silence her lips when she thought
   about my presence.

   "So," I inquired. "What is it you do with this robot, exactly?"

   "Well, hum. You want to see a live demonstration?"

   I thought about it. I supposed there was no harm in it.
   Technically speaking, it wasn't incest. Simply father and
   daughter playing with the same toy. (though I had difficulty not
   thinking of Roberta as another girl). And given that the legal
   age of consent is nine years old in this day and age, it would be
   perfectly acceptable.

   "Fine. Why don't you go ahead and show me?" I replied.

   Yacinta gleefully clapped her hands, grinning ear-to-ear.

   "Ok Dad. I think she wants you to use the lower entrance," said
   Elektra. Sure enough, Roberta got down on the silky-soft carpet,
   on hands and knees. Elektra impulsively grabbed my throbbing
   arrow between thumb and forefinger, forcefully guiding me into
   the waiting canyon. I was too stunned to protest, as I felt the
   juicy warm ring of Roberta's loving tiny vagina pulsing and
   trembling around the tip of my penis, then moving down the shaft
   as I nudged myself into her aperture. Roberta gasped in an
   ever-so girl-like fashion. Yacinta sat Indian-style on the floor,
   watching the close-up view with fascination.

   Meanwhile, my daughter was spreading her legs in front of
   Roberta's face, and with easy and casual familiarity she lifted
   her light spring flowery dress and slipped down her underwear off
   of her legs.

   It had been awhile since I had looked closely at her delicate
   flower, and now fully engorged inside another girl (Hey, I was
   beyond the metaphor of it now), I carefully examined each gentle
   and graceful curve of bare pink skin,the curling layers of lips
   thinly adjacent on either side of her love-tunnel.

   Elektra reached down a tiny little-girl finger and prodded the
   head of her pink flower. I watched in awe and tremendous
   affection as my girl worked herself into a sexual trance, soon
   joined by the efforts of the girl I was so firmly inside of, as
   Roberta lovingly placed her lips on Elektra's labia, inserted the
   tip of her tiny finger into the baby-vagina.

   Slowly we rocked together, I and my beloved daughter sharing the
   same toy, and with tender aching I watched the storming tides of
   her desire rise and flow over the dam. As her moans increased in
   pitch and intensity, I felt every one of them in the longing tip
   of my red-hot poker, each vocalisation of sexual crescendo rising
   in my own emotion of motion towards release.

   All the while Yacinta sat as a smiling spectator, now and then
   secretly fingering her own pleasure button. Later she told me how
   much she longed to be where Roberta was now, in between me and
   Elektra.

   The roller coaster was on its track now, and I felt it going over
   the final turn, and pleasantly I gazed down at the last downhill
   rush about to take place, when Elektra's dam simultaneously
   burst, and her waters of ecstasy spilled uncontrollably
   convulsing, coloring the spectrum of my sensation as I cascaded
   over the edge myself, squeezing one enormous drop after another
   of sweet release into the depths of the girl I was inside,
   sharing the blissful moment of release with my beloved girl.

   When it was done, Yacinta looked up at me with adoration and
   longing.

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
