furichkayak truth
Wed Oct 3, 2007 17:2886.131.232.57

My girlfriend, into a variety of sports decided she wanted to try white water 
kayaking so on a day out to the city and after a liquid lunch I decided I 
would buy her the very kayak she had set her heart on. Now I should mention 
that my lady and wine don`t mix, she contends she is in full control but the 
consequenses are often on the edge of scary. This episode was of the sexy 
kind.
The upper floor of the shop given over entirely to water sports was well 
stocked and the kayak she wanted had to be removed from it`s place on display 
to be put on the floor for her to assess whether or not it was to her liking. 
As there was only one young lad serving I helped lift the craft down and with 
him looking on held the prow steady while ann got in. She is petite and pretty 
and that day wearing a dress, which, totally without thought or modesty she 
hitched well up her shapely legs until near showing her panties, then as 
daintily as her inebriation would allow she sort of tumbled into the cockpit 
but landed one leg in and one out giggling and oblivious that she was now 
displaying her sexy pink transparent knickers to the young guy and myself. I 
looked at him as he tried to enjoy the view without being to obvious. Becoming 
aware of my glance he blushed. Ann meanwhile was still wriggling about trying 
to get back in control again, all of which had made matters worse because her 
skirt was now totally around her waist.
I smiled reassuringly at the sales guy and with a shrug indicated we should 
help her. Taking an arm each we got her to her feet, skirt still bunched 
around her waist, she stood like this giving the most delightfully view of her 
shapely bottom in the tight little pants, for what seemed an age until she 
felt steady enough to try again. This attempt was eased by the now braver 
assistant holding the rear of the boat while I helped Ann sit down properly, 
as she did he raised an appreciative eyebrow and gave me a conspiritorial 
wink. Ann meantime was esconced in the craft and insisting she needed the 
proper fittings installed before she could judge it`s suitability. While the 
lad went to get the equipment Ann insisted I hold the various pads already in 
the cockpit while she got comfortable, this I did willingly as it afforded 
much manhandling of her bottom and between her legs. I was still doing this 
when the guy arrived back a large smile on his face when he realised what was 
going on. I stood up and suggested he do it as he would know better what was 
needed, he blushed as he looked down between Anns legs then glanced at me for 
further approval, I nodded and he quickly got down to the task in hand and 
very thouroughly checked if all was properly adjusted for Anns size and shape. 
Thie entailed her sitting with legs wide apart as he decided if the side knee 
pads were correct for the boat, then with her holding this position he reached 
between her legs with difficulty and much groping to find the strap that 
allowed the adjustment to be fixed. Ann was now getting quite pink and 
obviously enjoying the attention. At this point the telephone rang and he left 
to answer it so I took over the groping until he returned.
The boat being right, there were a few other requirements so we helped Ann out 
lowered her skirt and steadying her led her to where the guy said we could 
select a spray deck to fit the craft and Ann. This has to be a firm fit to 
both to avoid the kayak filling with water. Having chosen what he thought 
would be a good fit he gave the spray deck to Ann and left us to go for the 
waterproof jacket.
Eagerly Ann stepped into the latex collared deck and pulled it up over her 
hips, this needed much wiggling and tugging until eventually she had it in 
what looked the right position, around her waist, however in the process she 
had her skirt over it so was virtually naked below the waist as the deck stuck 
out all about her like a ballerinas tu tu. While we were enjoying the humour 
of this vision the assistant returned with the jacket beaming as he approached 
us. No! No! the spraydeck was supposed to be pulled on over the head. Where 
upon we helped Ann out of it again, by pulling it down her legs as she 
supported herself hands on our shoulders. The stretchy latex being so tight 
took her knickers down with the deck as far as her knees at which point she 
was able to step out of it and was still to drunk to notice I took her pants 
off with it. The surprised assistant just smiled knowingly as Ann brushed her 
skirt back down.
The last piece of equipment,the jacket we again had to help with as it had to 
be equally tight and Ann had difficulty keeping her balance as we pulled it 
over her head and she got a little disorientated. Once installed the jacket 
fitted perfectly with the latex cuffs neck and waist fitting like a second 
skin. Sure all was well we took the waist band and between us the assistant 
and I lifted the jacket up, Anns dress now caught up came with it, this we 
both saw but did nothing to stop as we lifted the dress and jacket up until 
Ann had to raise her arms for us to take it off completely we held her there 
to absorb the view. A beautifull woman naked from shoulders to floor standing 
in a high street store to all intents and purpose blindfold, we held this 
position for as long as we dared until Anns muffled squeals meant we had to 
remove the items completely. Now she was naked(never wears a bra) a brief 
momment and then panic to regain her modesty. The assistant and I laughed as 
we crossed to the till for me to pay the purchases.
Ann didn`t remember any of this next day. She had one daddy of a hang over.
She had to exchange the deck and she was amazed at the attention she got from 
the young assistant. 






 