Originally, Olga was ecstatic with her first attempt at trolling in the park. She had recognized her mark from thirty feet away and so, had her 'bait' displayed before he approached her. It was so erotic to see his nose buried in her fur as his tongue lapped at her sweaty essence just as a piglet to a saucer of cream. She actually climaxed at the sound of his soft moan and she was sure it was to be only the first of many.
And then the two nosy busybodies approached her bench and stared down their noses at her capture causing him to flee. The woman had the nerve to say that Olga should be arrested. This frightened Olga for she knew if she were arrested on a morals charge, they would deport her. She left the park at once and vowed not to return. Back at her little room provided to her by her employers, she lie on her bed, pondering her future. At first she had started toying with her employer's son, as a young lad he had no defenses against her strong will and would do whatever she asked. Then one day the mistress came home early and almost caught the boy with his nose up Olga's bum. From that day on, she no longer allowed the boy any more, no matter how much he begged for she knew if the mistress caught them she would be fired and then deported. Now with the problem in the park Olga knew she had to come up with plan.
Olga had to find a way to use her power over simple-minded men to get a green card and therefore a permanent residency. She began to go to immigration everyday and ask to see a deputy. If it were a strong willed woman or man, she would ask if her request had been handled yet and then leave. If the person looked like a good prospect she would sit down to talk, then saying she was warm request permission to take her jacket off where she could display her dark rich fur. On just her third day, she was shown into Mr. Dougherty's office.
"OK Ms. Stanislavsky, what can I do for you today?"
'Well you see sir, oh my, I guess I am so nervous it is making me warm. Sir, do you mind if Olga just takes off her coat?"
She watches his eyes, as her sleeveless dress did nothing to cover her fur. She sees that he has taken the bait and now cannot keep his eyes off her underarms. She casually put a hand to her hairdo and now her pit is completely exposed. Now she quickly looks up to catch the poor man staring enraptured by her display of fur.
" Oh Sir, I'm so sorry I didn't mean to offend you with my hairiness."
" What, err, no of course not Ms. Stanislavsky, we here at immigration understand different traditions for different countries."
As she talks, she pulls on a long strand and then nervously twirls it around a finger. She then takes that finger and holds it to her nose to take a sniff. Olga looks up to the helpless man and smiles,
"You are too nice I am so glad you understand me."
" Olga, may I call you Olga, do you know how badly I want you?"
" Mr. Dougherty, Olga want you even more but I must have green card first."
" No problem, anything for you my dear," and he takes a form out of his desk and after a couple of strokes on his keyboard hands Olga a green card.
The now helpless man pushes a button on his phone,
"Mrs. Roberts hold my calls for the rest of the afternoon, I have to investigate this woman's living conditions right away."
With that, he whisks her out of his office and together they leave in his car.
Mr. Dougherty asks Olga if they can go to her place but she says no, she says she wants to go to a nice hotel for she has never been inside one. When he pulls into the parking lot of the Ritz Olga knows her days of worry are over. As they ride the elevator up she puts her hands behind her head, fully displaying her lusty pits and she smiles to herself at the sight of his erection tenting from his trousers.
Once in the room she slowly undress for him and by the time she has her large panties sliding down her legs he is almost salivating. Now naked she sits on the bed with her legs spread and her arms behind her head.
" I am here for you, what do you want with Olga, do you want to just fuck me or do you wish to spend some time and enjoy my body and my scent?"
He lay down beside her and buried his nose in her armpit just as she knew he would. She took her free hand and held his head in place.
"Good boy, now lick Olga; go ahead enjoy my taste, OK now to my other arm, I want you to lick me clean."
The two spent the afternoon with him enjoying her taste and smell from her armpits to her rectum's heavy musk. He gave her countless orgasms as he licked and worshiped her vulva from womb to her clitoris. Even her feet were worshiped as he ran his tongue up and down and then he suckled every toe.
The more the man debased himself with every wrinkle and crease of her body the more aroused he became. Only after she allowed him to orgasm in her armpit as she held him and rubbed him in her fur, did he become aware of the afternoon's humiliation. He said he had to leave and rushed from the room, it was in the elevator that he noticed he was covered in her scent. He had never even undressed as she only allowed him to free his penis after he had begged her for release. Luckily, he got home and into the shower before his wife got a whiff of him. Late that night he woke up with a raging erection and Olga on his mind and he knew he would have to see her again.

