"Brian…" Michael called sweetly from the hallway, peeking into his daughter's bedroom. 

"Hmm…" Brian was leaning back against the small twin bed’s headboard. One leg, the right one, was up on the bed, Jenny properly curled about his torso and her leg twined with his. His left leg was drawn up on the mattress to hold the storybook upright.

“Time to get ready, sleepyhead.” Michael cooed, strolling into the bedroom to find that Jenny’s closet exploded and her drawer had vomited all over her floor. “Brian… have some common sense and pick up after her when she does this.” He puttered about, making piles of clothes at the end of the bed.

“Hehehe…” Brian sifted through the light bangs on Jenny’s forehead. “Poor thing. She takes after me on one or two bad habits, huh?” He chuckled under his breath, using a knuckle to rub his eye of a tired twitching. “Must drive you utterly batty.” He leaned his cheek to rest on Jenny’s head and yawned.

Michael glanced at his wristwatch, then spared a look to Brian. “It’s not even eight-thirty, Kinney. You’re already ready for bed.” He tapped the foot to wake the slumbering form.

“Lemme shower before I go. I’ll be like a new sparkling fresh man.”

“I like the old you, very much. Try not to wash him away tonight… okay?” Michael turned to see Brian’s lids drifting closed. “C’mon! Git up! You’re closing Babylon tonight. You said Ted needed an extra night away.”

“Let it close on its own for once. I like where I am.” Brian cuddled Jenny closer, his head sinking. “You had a mere half-day.” He opened one eye to stare down Michael. “… could I bribe you to fill my place?”

“Any bribe from you will usually entail something sexual in nature. Not here… with Jenny. Even if she is dead asleep.”

“Mikey…” Brian softly whined, knowing Michael thought the sound was growing quite adorable.

“Brian, why don’t you change the schedule at the club, if it’s too much for you to handle? Or… if push comes to shove… hire yourself an ’acting’ manager like I'm thinking of doing.” He offered it only because he felt like he’d become somewhat of an employer/employee expert.

“Who could I possibly get that I could trust implicitly, on such short notice? Oh… and it can’t be Schmidt.”

“Why not?”

“Because… his 'image' doesn’t sell Babylon.”

Michael frowned, knowing that wasn’t Brian’s real reason. “Ted’s tastes nearly border along my own. Though not as awful, sometimes. Yet… there you were willing to hand me the keys to your entire business.”

“You have a 'cool' factor Teddy doesn’t.”

“Oh, yeah? What?” Michael snickered, knowing this response would be a good one.

“Why… me… of course.” Brian held out his only available arm to show Michael his half-laying down, half-falling asleep body.

Michael rolled his eyes, looking at the way Jenny appeared curled in Brian’s arms. He didn’t know why the vision always took his breath away, but it did and it was right at this moment. “Jenny misses you on the nights you’re away.”

Brian quirked up one eyebrow. “Funny… I would have sworn that could be you in that sentence.”

“I do not.” Michael spoke louder than a whisper.

“C’mon, say it, Michael. You know you do. I won’t be pissed. And I promise not to tease... much.”

“No, I won’t and I--it’s not true.” Michael quickly picked up the pile of dirty clothes and ran off with them.

“Figures.” Brian grumbled, slowly inching his way out from under Jenny clutches. “… he’s always making me run after him these days. Peculiar… hmm… how easily I‘ll follow him too.” He decided to take the bedtime storybook with him. He pulled a light coverlet from the bottom of the bed to place over the precious little girl. He kissed her brow tenderly and brushed a few wayward curls back. “... 'night, Lady Jenny.”

Jenny was barely awake when she looked over her shoulder at Brian. “... finish 'morrow?”

“Of course. Same bed-place, same bed-channel.”

“... think he fin's his home again?” Jenny asked earnestly.

“Rudy, the Rabbit?” Brian gestured with the book under his arm. “Hey, I’m sure of it. But we’ll both have to wait to find out tomorrow night… m’kay?”

“... can we read it wit' Daddy... in yur bed?”

Brian had to think hard; he already knew the answer. Jenny had any wish she ever wanted. Well, to an extent. “Uh… sure, but you can’t stay all night.”

“I know.” Jenny sounded mildly disappointed as she grumbled. “... have fun at yur disco-ball party.” She flipped over to snuggle her pillow tight.

Brian always cringed when she called Babylon a “disco”. It was so… dated. It was only because she had liked the glittering disco ball hanging from the dance floor ceiling. “I’ll be home as soon as it’s over.”

“... 'night, Brian.”

Brian turned down the lights from the switch by the bedroom entrance. He left the door open partway, letting light from the hall seep in. He made his way toward the master suite, hearing Michael shuffle about inside. When he trailed in, he found Michael skittering to pick up more dirty clothes, like he was secretly trying to win a race. “And they will dare to call me the 'domesticated one' of this relationship.” He saw Michael turn toward him as he sat on the bed. “Fill me in. Does the bunny die?”

“Huh?” Michael furrowed his brow in peculiar thoughts.

“Rudy? Does he bite it in the end? Because…” Brian threw the storybook on the covers as he began to undress to head for the bathroom and shower. “… if it ends like that -- like one of Ted’s maudlin operas -- I’m stopping as of right now.” He ventured into the bathroom to turn on the water to regulate the temperature.

Michael chuckled, something curious inkling at his brain. “He lives. You can read it on your own if you don’t trust me. I liked it.” He shrugged one shoulder. “Boy, you sure do have Ted on your mind. What in the world did that plant do to you?”

Brian was pulling his undershirt over his head, causing his hair to spike as the material slid over the back of his head. “That fuckin’… vine! It’s supposed to bloom -- whenever.” He threw his hands up in the air, exasperated and tired of trying to figure out a good enough explanation to why… why him?

“Whenever what?”

“Exactly. And then whenever it blooms, Teddy’s wedding day will be shortly thereafter.”

“Good gracious! Is it some superstitious or religious thing?” Michael wondered if he could search its facts on the Internet tonight, while he waited for Brian to come home.

“Only Ted knows.” Brian disappeared behind the closing bathroom door. “Maybe God too.”

Michael diligently followed to pick up the line of dirty clothes to add to his growing pile. He had to find things to occupy his time tonight. The time he waited for Brian to come home from Babylon. Lately, he wasn’t liking the hours. Because as good a hard worker Brian was, even when the club closed at two, he never got home until almost four. Michael wasn’t fearing Brian was busy with other things. It always seemed, on the nights Brian took the closing shifts, Michael was the most horny. But this was an off night; Ted would have closed. Eh, still... Michael wasn't happy, either way. Lucky for him, a busy life and a house full of family... except when all Michael could think about was getting Brian into their bed.

Brian would burst to know this fact, but Michael wasn’t sure he could let him know when he was ready to leave and walk out the door. So… Michael did busy work -- nonsensical things that ate up his brain and train of thought.

Now, if only he could make Brian stay away from him…

Spicy cologne, sinewy muscles, the slope of a pale neck... freshly showered, the soap's scent blending with skin musk... shaving cream, rough bristles scraping skin and uh, whoa… hair pomade, running delicate fingers through soft locks of dark brown… and the clothes… the soft silks, satins… the warmth of a moist body… and crisp shoes… tap, tapping…

Yeah, if only Michael's brain didn't work so well without Brian around… crap…

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Brian didn’t know exactly how or understand why when he came out of the shower, Michael had disappeared on him. He had wrapped a big, fluffy towel about his waist, using a medium hand towel to scrub at his wet hair. He assumed Michael would come in, do some last minute bedtime tasks. Like brushing his teeth, flossing… shaving… uhm, something. Not totally vanishing without one word.

Weird . Not crazy, oddball cat-lady weird , but enough of a jarring to Brian that he wondered if something wasn’t bothering Michael. He had become a little wonky after dinner, when Ted had called to ask Brian to cover for his shift tonight.

Usually Michael would spend this fleeting time chatting with Brian, helping him pick out one or two pieces of clothing to fill out the proper outfit for a club owner. They were fun times for Brian, simply discussing every day nonsense with Michael. He felt… wrong. If he missed those opportunities to grab every minute with Michael. 

Ugh… work… Babylon. Dirty… stinky… smelly… loud… smoky… sweaty dance club. 

Brian knew that someone, somewhere, was having one big meanie chuckle on him. When did he ever think he would come to a point where he thought going to Babylon was actual “work”? Like going to a tedious, peon job, wiling away useless tine with menial… eesh… work tasks. Without Michael there to enjoy the moments with him and share in the experiences, what was the point to it all?

Figures, Ted would be satisfied with being right. Liberty Avenue was growing younger and more beautiful, but also more superficial. In no more than five years, their usual haunts had drastically changed. Some not for the better. It was scary to think what one more year would do to their whole generation?

Brian wandered over to his dresser on a heavy sigh, a cool titanium strap of his watch tightened about his wrist. He suddenly paused, glancing toward the shared closet. Moving slightly to step closer, he reached out to smooth a hand over his own clothes. The wooden hangers hung off a door hook, perfect height for Brian’s eye sight to catch.

Before Michael had run into hiding, he had gone and chosen a few things for Brian to look over, as suggestions for his outfit, complimenting his “mood” of the evening. Brian was speechless in moments where he knew Michael showed a simple care of him. The kind, sensitive touch which generally would make Brian wish that the someone who made the effort was right there to show his appreciation. Sucked, really.

He choked on a swallow, finding that if he shut his eyes he could feel the warm fingertips caressing his cooling skin. Michael would've stood behind him making sure the shirt would fit, sculpting Brian’s muscles, tucking in the excess material in his trousers. Brian almost made himself so sickeningly hot, he could barely stand the texture of the material on him. But then… the way this simple gesture made him feel… he was touched and felt adored.

Love wasn’t meaty enough a word to explain how he felt toward Michael in these moments.

He reluctantly put on the rest of his clothes, then followed the usual mode of dress for his club attire. He strolled back over to his dresser, opening the second drawer. Inside sat a sock organizer Michael had purchased on a whim to be anal. Brian actually liked it, because it had a loose board underneath to store secrets in.

Way back when, as Brian was slowly moving into Michael’s house and Ben was moving out, he went investigating. Okay… snooping. Ben had exited quickly, making the transition smooth. He had told Michael if there was anything of his left, it was on purpose and to throw it in the garbage. What room used to be Ben’s “office” or writing room, Brian had found an entire shelf of journals. Some were blank; those, save one, he had given to Jenny. Others were Ben’s attempts at jotting down literary possibilities. Some of the filled journals were mildly invigorating, others were exceedingly yawn-worthy and the rest was all basically… shit. No wonder Benjamin couldn’t sell another novel; he had depleted his talents inside one book. Like a, uh… one trick pony. Brian liked knowing that very, very interesting fact.

Brian wasn't sure why he just didn’t set fire to the whole stack, watching the gilded pages flutter to cinder. He pretty much hung on to them because they made him laugh hard, made him feel better about himself and were great cures for insomnia, as a general rule. But one of Ben’s journals was a tad intriguing than the others. Well… Brian had been tantalized by the minimalist prose, having continued to turn the pages to peruse the rest of the writing.

If he didn’t know any better, Brian thought Ben had been attempting to write something fictional about Michael. And possibly… the addition of The Professor in his life too. Brian hadn’t been fooled by the name changes, the physical descriptions were peculiarly familiar. Not to mention some of the true-to-life facts were glaringly obvious. Brian liked this journal because he knew… he just knew Ben had tried to capture a snapshot world of Michael and found himself unable to finish. It told Brian an honest truth Ben tried to hide. Ben had thought he could get “in” to view Michael’s life in a microscope. Crack through his soul and figure him out. But Ben had failed. Why exactly?

Though Michael had loved Ben, Brian had surmised that his heart had truly been given away before Ben arrived on scene. Unfortunately, Michael hadn’t been the keeper of his own heart for quite some time. Brian had known it all along. In fact, he was that very keeper. Ben had suddenly discovered this fact, realizing he wasn’t able to put a proper ending to the “fictional” story he tried to begin. He had ended up becoming his own worst enemy, blaming others for his own downfall and losses.

Poor guy. Never had a chance. Brian almost felt sorry for Ben… well, uh, almost.

Brian did have something to thank Ben for. He had vanished easily enough to allow Brian back in, able to find his rightful place again. And leaving this -- written record of what had gone on during Ben's relationship with Michael was more of an added bonus… especially since the ending had been left wide open.

Brian knew how to fill in the leftover blanks. He had dabbled a bit with writing on some of the pages afterward. What he enjoyed most was re-writing Ben and Michael’s history, placing his own sarcastic and witty comments in between the previously written prose. But then in the empty pages following, he had started the final chapters. Well, not final-final… but final enough where people would know Michael and his… uhm, companion would end their years full of life and pleasure somewhere together, relaxing and loving until their eventual deaths. But of course, there was a huge gap Brian left bare to fill in… when he felt like it.

The other journal had been one of the empty ones. Brian had decided since he had chosen to rid himself of the one thing keeping him separated from Michael… he would jot down those plans he had been churning out. Get them on paper so he could free his mind for more important endeavors.

Brian took out both journals, stacking them one on top of the other. He finished completing his outfit. Grabbing the two books, he made a last trip to look in on Jenny, then trudged downstairs to stuff them in the briefcase he was bringing with him tonight. He needed something distracting to wile away the long hours at Babylon in his office.

As Brian took two steps at a time, he hadn’t heard one peep of noise. “Michael?! I’m leaving. Heading out the door. Hey, Mich…” He stopped, realizing how quiet the first floor seemed. Where the hell had Michael gone? If he paused, turning his ear slightly, he could faintly hear the washing machine chug along. “Don’t you wanna…” He knew he should be heading in the other direction, but he was too damn curious to what was wrong with Michael. “… say goodbye?” He stopped at the side of the refrigerator, catching sight of Michael in the laundry room. “Hey… I was calling--” He noticed Michael seemed flushed, perspiring more than he should be.

Michael couldn’t look directly at Brian. “G’bye.” He tightened his lips and tried to occupy himself with a task.

“Michael… are you all right?” Brian set down his briefcase, making his way toward Michael in the doorway.

Michael put a palm out to stop him. “Whoa! Lemme through…” He swiped a forearm across his brow, smiling weakly as he shuffled over to open the fridge door. He bent to look for something. Not finding what he wanted, he opened the freezer. He stuck his face inside, sighing and staying for a poorly extended time. “See you in the morning.” He tried to move away, without being caught.

Brian grabbed his biceps, pulling him close. “Michael… don’t do this to me. Not now.”

“What?” Michael closed his eyes, not able to control his shivering. “I’m fine. Go. Leave. I’ll be fine.”

Brian merely reached out a hand to cup and pet Michael’s jaw line. “No… you’re not.”

“Brian, please… let it alone. I’m serious.” Michael tried to get Brian to let him go. “Once you’re gone… POOF!! It'll be like I’m cured.” He felt Brian draw him flush with his chest. “… no… don’t…” He silently begged for mercy. Why couldn’t Brian simply walk out the door?

Brian smiled down at Michael. “Liar.” Now he could tell exactly what was wrong with him.

Michael slammed the freezer door closed, causing the entire appliance to shake. A few magnets slid down at the force. “Leave.Now. Or I won’t be responsible for--”

Brian dodged Michael’s need to leave, blocking his body. “For what?”

Damn… why did Brian have to smell so scrumptious? Way-too good to pass up a taste of… 

Michael released a low guttural moan in his belly. Reaching up he grabbed the poor excuse for a collar on Brian’s shirt and shoved him back against the fridge surface. “… makin’ you much later than you wanna be.” Pinning Brian’s elbows to the chrome finish, Michael began to attack slowly, sinking toward Brian’s open mouth of shock.

“Oh… God…” Brian panted, taking the forceful kiss. Not because Michael was hurting him, but because… lord… Michael was too damn good at this -- rough and so, so ready. “Why? Why… now?”

Michael released Brian, though Brian still remained on the fridge as if he was locked in one position. He reached up to cup Brian’s face, controlling the motions of one kiss after another… messier and naughtier… tongue and lips smacking. “I dunno. It hits me. Like a firecracker.” He tried to regulate his breathing until it began to match Brian’s heavy intakes. “At the oddest of times, too.”

“Really?” Brian found that by watching Michael he could control his breathing. He tentatively reached out to grip Michael’s clothing, tugging on the material. He wanted it all off… naked skin next to his. “Make a list. For me. Put it on the fridge.” That’s where everything else ended up. At one point, Brian went weak, limply falling against the fridge. He was giving control to Michael. Whatever he wanted, he would do. Quick and fast or slow and steady -- just… he wanted fingers on flesh.

Michael giggled as they both slid down the surface of the chrome fridge, knocking most of everything on the floor. Magnets, photographs and drawings… grocery lists and coupons… littered under them. He shook his head. “You don’t even have to do much. I got a stiff one the other day by watching you change the channel with the remote.” He leaned over to press Brian down on the linoleum, his mouth above Brian’s, breathes mingling. The blended scents of soap and cologne and minty breath made Michael bonkers. “Man! It would be so easy to let you have me right here--” He pumped and gyrated against Brian’s pelvis.

“Jesus… not complaining, but what’s fuckin’ stopping’ you?” Brian adjusted their bodies, moving to cup Michael’s hips and ass cheeks. He was trying to get Michael to chose one pace. Brian knew he would cum any minute if Michael kept softly pounding against him. “Oh, God… Michael…” He nearly felt the powerful surge and momentarily went blind. He arched into the feeling, under Michael’s quirky, frenzied ministrations. He was there… almost there… hold on…

“NO!” Michael backed away, shaking his head. “… no… you gotta go. Brian, you’ll be so late.” He whined, silently wanting Brian to make a decision. He should have just left. Funny, he spoke of Brian leaving, but he wouldn’t move to let him up.

“Oh… Michael… no wh--” Brian was confused. “C’mon, all you hafta do for me… is jerk it… unzip… pfft!! Pull it out!” He mimicked the “jerking” motions required as he slid to his elbows on the floor. “… one… two… cum to Papa. That’s all.”

Michael frowned. “I’m not--” He sighed, resigned. “Not on this floor.”

“Michael… are you fuckin’ kiddin’ me?!? I said--I’m nearly there--won’t take much more to--”

“I know. So am I. But I can’t--” Just to make Brian aware Michael was as bad as him, he pressed his hardening groin to Brian’s pelvis. He leaned his forehead on the one under his, feeling the meshed sweat. “Do you know how difficult it is for me to clean this linoleum already?”

Exhausted and extremely horny, Brian lay back on the tile. “This is usually where I’m in Heaven. Now I think I’m in my own private Hell.” He drew a dramatic arm over his eyes. “Why do you do this to me?”

Michael smiled, wiggling on top of Brian. “I tried to hide, to avoid you. But no… you had to come find me. Had to come say ‘g’bye, Mikey!’… Well… screw you…”

“No! Screw you first!” Brian waggled a finger toward Michael. He sighed, looking at the ceiling above him, counting lights and then tile blocks. “The nights I work, if I don’t see you or say something like ‘nighty-night’… my entire shift doesn’t go well. Unless I see your face one last time.”

“Awwww… wittle Bwian Kinney has a cwush!” Michael tickled Brian on the right and left flanks, just under his armpits.

“Quit!” Brian couldn’t not smile or snicker. “Anything is liable to set me off.” It tickled, but he was hard… growing harder. Shit.

“Really?” Michael lifted one eyebrow.

“Did you not see my lips just move?” Brian felt tender kisses to his puffed out bottom lip and then over his chin. “Michael, if you pick up where you left off… you’ll have to finish.” He sighed, making a big drama. “It’s done. I’m over it now.”

“Liar.” Michael growled, trapping Brian’s wrists above his head on the floor. “Promise me you’ll lay still an’ let me take care of you.” On his way down, Michael murmured against Brian’s clothes. “… lemme give you a blow job that will fuh-reak your mind…”

“... oh, yippee... God does listen to unanswered prayers… and, by golly, he likes me…” Brian smiled sweetly, settling back to obey. He never heard of a better offer handed to him.

“Don’t say that… I’ll go soft.” Michael joked as he began to undo Brian’s zipper.

“Michael, I’m touched.” Brian felt his skin tingle, desiring more. “Touch me… I like your touch… touching me… tongue touching me… fingers touching me… touch…”

Michael had trailed soft pressed lips down Brian’s chest, having unbuttoned him slow inch by slow inch. He ended at the belted waistband. “God forbid…” He took off the belt in one swift move. The leather slapping on the tiles sounded like a whip. “… I send you to Babylon looking this disheveled.”

“Yeah, travesty. I, uh…” Brian shifted his eyes to glance down at Michael who was staring back. “I don’t get my jollies like that at Babylon anymore.”

Michael paused in his actions. “Not even in your VIP rooms?”

“Not. Even.” Brian made a mere lift of shoulder to shrug. “Makes me feel… you know… kinda dirty. Coming to you after being there, amongst them.”

Michael smirked. “I like you best… dirty…”

Brian knew Michael wasn’t catching his point. “I like your dirty mouth best, but I--”

“What?” Michael realized something important would follow.

Brian’s face went serious. “I wanna be 'clean' for you. From now on, being with you. I don’t want to feel dirty, like that… in your arms.”

Michael became quiet, contemplative. “ ‘Clean’… meaning… ‘pure’?” His hand had gone diving into Brian’s zipper.

“Yeah…” Brian arched on a wave of euphoria, feeling vulnerable under Michael’s touch. “Oh, God… do that… twirly thing with your tongue…”

Michael silently took out Brian’s cock, gently soothing down its long length. He stroked once, bending down to play with the tip on his tongue. The way Brian liked, obviously. He perfected a few delicate moves, stroking up and down the shaft, coupling it with his mouth covering the slip-slide of pre-cum. Those words of Brian’s still in his head, he continued to suckle on the pulsating organ in his hands. Until he could feel the pressure in Brian rise -- feel the shooting semen push forth and expertly land on his cupped hand.

A kitchen towel was Velcro-ed onto the fridge door handle. Michael lifted it, yanking hard to wipe up the liquid. No fuss, no muss.

Michael came back to lay on top of Brian. His face matching Brian’s lightly perspiring one. He gently pressed lips to lips, tenderly forceful. “I’m sorry.”

Brian wrapped one weak arm about Michael’s neck. “No. Don’t apologize.” He couldn’t find his next breath. “I’m okay. It’s okay. This is not what I meant.” He could tell Michael wasn’t assuaged of guilt. “C’mere… please.” He shifted to lean back on the cupboards behind his head. He patted one leg, wanting Michael to sit on his thigh.

“Lemme… I hafta zip you--” Michael’s hand hadn’t moved from Brian’s groin. “… well, tuck you back in and then zip you, but--” He dipped his face low as he also did up Brian’s shirt, taking precious care of the material and the body it inhabited. “I’m still so--I didn’t--” He wasn’t coming near Brian for fear he would want to finish his own pent-up sexual tension.

“Don’t worry.” Brian tugged Michael into his arms, fully sitting now against the cupboard doors. Michael sat crooked in his lap. He held Michael close as he tried to refocus his eyes. “God… damn… to think all this time…” He drew up a leg, clutching for Michael’s hand, twining their fingers together. “… I never knew.”

“Knew what?” Michael leaned back on Brian’s chest. He loved the way their hands looked and how strong, yet soft, Brian felt behind him. He leaned his cheek on top of the dark brown hair.

Brian stretched their hands to lay palm to palm. “How fascinating it is to find out we’re evenly matched. I push, you pull. I go, you… beg me to stay…” He bit at Michael’s shoulder joint, tasting the cotton shirt. “… then we’re able to switch, it ends up working. Where usually one person would grow tired, exhausted by one personality trait. It’s like we accept the differences and we can cope.” He lifted his head to stare intently at Michael. “But the way you beg with your eyes… your lips… gawd… that mouth…” As he spoke, he touched each part he named. “I could kiss that mouth for hours… lemme…”

Michael put a hand to Brian’s chest, holding him back. “You’re not helping either of us out any, Brian.”

“I’m not trying to do anything cruel. I just--I’m saying I understand your needs, they’re mine too. The uncontrollable lust you sense sometimes. Like you'll burst if it’s not fulfilled instantly. What’s bothering me is… why now? Why this time? So many whys and no way to answer them.”

“Do we have to? I mean, would we be in dire straits if we simply let things be what they are in the moment?”

“Michael, you made me late for work because you gave me one of the best blow jobs I've ever gotten on the kitchen floor. Don’t know about you, but I need some answers.”

“Point taken.” Michael wrapped both his arms about Brian’s neck, letting the face bury itself in his chest. “I liked what you said before.” He combed through the messy locks of Brian’s hair. These days if Brian didn’t have Michael he would never know what he looked like in a mirror. He really was turning into a different man. Still his Brian, in every way.

“... 'bout your dirty mouth?” Brian teased, prepared for the smack to his arm.

“No! Jerk! About wanting to be ‘pure‘ for me.” Michael was still amazingly stunned that in a second of orgasm… Brian could say something that… that cutting and sensitive. “You realize this… what we did here… negates both of us.”

“Oh… we’re allowed two second chances. See, I forgot to mention, I control the rules.”

“Ah, good. Then…” Michael rubbed Brian’s shoulder, down his biceps. “… when you come home, from Babylon, let’s make sure we start that second chance the minute you wake me up.”

Brian nodded his head once. “Don’t wear anything to bed.”

“Why?”

“You’ll see.” Brian smirked, loving Michael’s intrigued face at the mere possibilities. Michael wiggled his ass into Brian’s groin. “Whoa… don’t get me started.”

“No. Just give me one last image, to help me when you’re gone. Make me feel…” Michael tenderly kissed Brian’s temple, licking a sweat trail down to reach his waiting lips. “… good.” They meshed top lip on bottom, bottom lip on bottom as Brian massaged Michael’s back and Michael kept touching every nuance of Brian’s features. He wanted to be able to close his eyes, laying in bed and simply think his way into complete pleasure. Easy to do, but it made him feel semi-empty afterward. Because no matter how good your imagination, when you turned over… there was no one there. Only empty space. He slowly disengaged from Brian’s clutch and stood, reaching down to help Brian remain steady on his own legs.

Brian yanked Michael to him. “Wish I was staying.”

“Me too.” Michael pressed a quick peck on Brian’s cheek, simply soaking in his essence and inhaling every single scent wafting up to him. “… but think this makes Ted owe a huge favor down the line. He could be babysitting for months.”

Brian smirked, raising a single eyebrow. “Why you evil, evil… little man. Glad I‘m on your side.”

Michael chuckled, hugging Brian one last time as he watched him straighten his clothing and grudgingly walk out the front door. Michael couldn’t even say the words… he simply gave Brian a small wave, unable to speak.

As Brian exited, walking backwards down the porch steps and then along the sidewalk toward the car… he thought about calling Ted and canceling the favor.

Oh, my… Michael wouldn't even know what was in store for him later on tomorrow morning. Early morning, of course… couldn’t come soon enough. 

~~TBC...