My grandmother would say with great disdain, "You're just like your father." All the time I was growing up I couldn't figure what in the world she meant by it. She preferred to give her affections to my sister Sandy who was a year older than me, but didn't give me the time of day.
I was a tomboy, but helping to work on the farm meant long hours of hard labor. I was 5 foot 7 inches tall, honey blonde hair and brown eyes. I was tanned from long hours in the sun. My breasts were a size B and I felt that they kept getting in my way as I worked. I was very muscular and trim.
My Dad and Mom only had three children; two girls and one boy. My sister would always be in the house with mom doing indoor chores, but I enjoyed being outside. In fact, when the weather would turn bad, I just hated to be cooped up inside. What was worse, I hated to be cooped up in a school.
During my junior year of high school my Mom died. It was a freak accident; she went shopping with a neighbor and a drunk driver ran up the sidewalk and hit her. My sister was devastated by it and moved to live with my grandmother; of course I wasn't invited. I kept to myself and would work harder outside to keep my mind off the tragedy. I would cry, but always in privacy out in the barn.
Dad, Jake and I were sitting around the table the morning of my graduation. "Well Linda," he cleared his throat a bit and continued. "You're 18 now; what do you have planned after graduation?"
Jake was looking down at the table; never a good sign. I looked my Dad square in the eyes, "I plan to stay on the farm and help out. Before you say anything, you know I hated school so I don't see any reason to continue my education." There I said it and took a deep breath to calm my racing heart.
"I figure if we all work outside and all contribute a bit in the house, then it will all work out great," I beamed one of my delighted smiles at him.
Jake looked up at me and then at Dad, "I don't have any objections if you don't. It makes sense to me."
I ran around the table and gave Jake a huge hug and kissed him on the cheek. Then I reached over and did the same to my Dad. Jake started laughing and soon my Dad joined in.
"Okay, let's see how it goes for a year and then I'll decide," my Dad said. He never made quick decisions in his life.
"I won't let you down; either of you I promise," I said ecstatically. "Well, I better get dressed for this stupid graduation. The sooner it's over with the better."
Jake and my Dad were so similar. Not only did Jake look like a younger version of my Dad, but they had some of the same mannerisms. They talked, walked and worked side by side the same. They had darker blonde hair than me, were 5 foot 8 inches tall and had the same brown eyes as me. I thought they were both exceptionally handsome, but, then again, I loved them both.
Life pretty well settled into a routine for us. We shared all the labor; outside and in. Friday nights was bowling night for Jake and Dad. They usually stayed out very late and often came home drunk; well, at least Dad did. After they would leave, I would wander around the house to see if anything needed to be done.
I hated to do laundry, but if I wanted clean clothes then it had to be done. On a whim I decided that I might as well strip the beds and wash all the linens too. I went up to Jake's room first and reached over to pull off the bottom sheet. That's when I noticed something sticking out from under the mattress. When I pulled it out I discovered that it was a pornographic DVD.
I don't recall how long I stared at the label before my curiosity got the better of me. I turned on his TV and slipped the disc in to watch. I was fascinated as I watched the men and women on the screen. The plot was nonexistent, but who really cared. I was getting quite excited watching it. I pulled my sweatshirt off and my bra and started to knead my breasts and pinch my nipples.
I was having so many images and feelings dancing around my mind. I quickly removed the rest of my clothes and lied down on Jake's bed. I could smell his scent on the pillow and sheet. I reached down and felt how wet I was. I started slowly and gently rubbing my clit. I closed my eyes, but could still hear the grunts and moans from the set. I slid my finger into my slit, then another and another.
My fingers were just too small I decided. My pussy ached deep down to be massaged, but my fingers were just too insufficient for the job. I opened my eyes and looked around the room. There was Jake's baseball bat. 'Hmmm, I wandered," as I reached for the drawer of his nightstand. Sure enough; there was a box of condoms. The thought scared me, but my pussy was aching something terrible.
I pulled out the box and read the instructions. I went over and retrieved the bat and fit the condom over the handle. I lied down on the bed again and proceeded to rub my clit with the bat. I was throbbing with need and I eased the handle into my hole. Oh my God! It felt so great!
I decided to see how much I could take, but kept my hand around the top of the condom. I looked over at the TV; a man was fucking a woman doggy style. I closed my eyes and imagined the man fucking me. I kept pumping the bat into my dripping pussy and after a while, I was pushing and pulling faster and faster. I don't know how long I pumped when my first orgasm hit me. I surprised myself when I heard myself screaming.
Oh my God! It felt so wonderful. I left the bat in me until my pussy quit trembling. When I finally pulled the bat out, all I could think of was the hell with the laundry. When the disc finished, I started it all over again. By the time I finished my third orgasm; I removed the bat and decided to close my eyes for a little bit.

Jake drove home; Dad was a little too drunk. Ever since the accident; Jake never had more than two beers when he went out. He knew Dad drank more heavily knowing he would be the designated driver. He parked the car, got out and came around to help Dad inside. As usual, he was staggering a bit. Thank God his bedroom was on the first floor.
Jake settled Dad on his bed and closed the bedroom door. He turned out the few lights that Linda had left on and made sure all was locked-up for the night. He made his way up the stairs to his room and stopped in the doorway. He looked at Linda's naked body sprawled across his bed, saw the TV on and the prompt for his disc and then he saw the baseball bat with the condom attached.
"Damn!" he thought. He was annoyed, but getting excited as well. He had occasionally wondered what Linda looked like while they were working outside. Now he was seeing what her shapeless clothes never revealed. She was hot! He stepped inside the door and quietly shut it. He didn't need a light; the TV provided all he need.
Jake quietly stripped off his clothing. His cock was becoming quite hard; it had been a long dry spell. He carefully removed the bat and laid it on the nightstand. His fingers started to lightly stroke her right breast and flick across her nipple. It instantly stood up at attention. He smiled as his fingers slowly eased down her mound and slipped into her lips to find her hard clit. Her breathing quickened just a bit.
Linda's perk nibble was too much to resist. He gently placed his mouth over it and started to swirl his tongue around; back and forth flicking and sucking her nipple. She moaned and arched her back trying to get more into his mouth and then she woke with a start. His hand was still rubbing her clit and then his finger slid into her hole.
Linda knew it was Jake, knew it was wrong, but her body kept saying, "Yes, yes, yes!" She wanted a real cock in her, wanted to know how it truly felt and she trusted Jake.
Jake stopped sucking her nipple and gazed into her eyes. He smiled slightly and kissed her lips lightly. She opened her mouth and her tongue reached out for his, probing, exploring and tasting what he had to offer. When he finished his kiss, he bent down and kissed and nibbled her neck. The sensation quickened her breathing again and sent desire through her breasts and into her pussy.
He removed his fingers from her pussy and put one in her mouth. This startled her, but she sucked her own juice off his finger. She trusted Jake; he had more experience about this than she did. It tasted nice. He licked his other fingers afterward. She tasted sweet and his cock got harder.
"Spread your legs," he whispered and she complied. He eased in between her legs, leaned forward and started sucking on her breasts. She started to breathe more quickly and her heart jumped a beat. She could feel his hard cock rubbing her clit. He used his entire mouth to see how much he could suck into it. When he reached the nipple, he gently bit it slashing the tip across his teeth.
"Oh God Jake! Do the other too!" Linda harshly whispered. "I like that pain and sucking!"
He knew she would. Yes, she was just like him and Dad; had the same sex drive and desires as they did. He got on his knees between her legs and grabbed his cock. He started to rub it against her clit and she started to moan; tossing her head side to side. He left his cock head pushing against her clit while his hands went back to her breasts. He started to squeeze and pulling at her breasts. She was taking shorts gasps of air. Then he started to pinch and pull in earnest at her nipples; manipulating them in any direction.
Linda started bucking her hips. The pain was bringing her pleasure. Her hole was aching again and she wanted his cock, "Fuck me, oh please fuck me Jake!" she was trying to be as quiet as possible so Dad wouldn't come up. Jake angled his hips down and plunged into her wet, hot tight hole. He didn't move as he felt her pussy envelope him and start to spasm into orgasm. He just tightly pinched her breasts until her orgasm started to subside.
Linda laid there gasping for air. Those other orgasms were nothing compared to what Jake had just done to her. When she finally opened her eyes, she was still breathing excitedly. Jake pulled his cock back out and got up. He crossed the room and turned on the little lamp sitting on his dresser. When he returned, he stood at the head of the bed with his massive cock sticking straight out and glistening with her pussy juice.
He reached down and stroked her nipple. It was sore, but it sent a tingling sensation through her and her pussy started to throb again. "Come here," said Jake. "I want you to lick me clean and then suck my cock."
"Jake," said Linda, "you'll have to teach me how. I've never done it before."
"No problem Sis. First, lick all of it to take all your juice off, then put the head in your mouth, but watch your teeth." Linda scooted over and started to lick the head of Jake's cock. She licked the entire shaft and even his balls when she noticed some of her juice there also. She opened her mouth wide being careful like he instructed and place the head in her mouth. She liked the way he felt and tasted.
Linda started to swirl her tongue around the head of his cock. She let the tip of her tongue traveled up and down the slit. Jake started to moan and pushed his hips forward. She opened her mouth and sucked as much of him into her mouth as she could. He pulled back and thrust forward again forcing more of his cock into her mouth. Then he stopped and stepped back from her. A confused look crossed her face.
"Lay on your back with your head over the side Sis," Jake huskily said. She did as he instructed. "As I go in, relax your throat and swallow. That way I'll be able to go all the way in." Linda did what he said. She scooted back on the bed, laid on her back with her head over the side and her blonde hair hanging down. Her pert nipples and breasts were slightly thrust upward.
Jake placed his cock at Linda's mouth and she opened it for him. He slid it in and she suck around his shaft. He could feel the sperm boiling in his balls wanting to be released. It had been so long since he had had any sex. When he hit the back of her throat, she gagged, but followed his directions and started to swallow. He pulled out and pushed forward again, but this time her throat was completely relaxed allowing him to enter.
"Oh God," he thought, "how sweet, hot and tight her mouth was on his cock." Jake started to fuck her mouth faster. His balls were slapping against her nose. He grabbed her hips, "Oh God Sis, I'm cumming. Damn, damn, drink my cum Linda, oh-o-o-o-o," said Jake as his cum started releasing and filling Linda's mouth.
Linda swallowed and swallowed and swallowed. She didn't know much cum Jake had. As his spasms subsided, he was leaning over her on the bed with his cock in her mouth. He was breathing hard and she could feel his cock softening, but kept it in her mouth gently sucking and massaging it.
Jake slowly withdrew. "Damn Sis, that was great!" Scoot up in bed and lay here awhile. She scooted over and he got in beside her. She looked over at the door. "Don't worry about Dad. He'll be sleeping it off till morning."
Linda beamed a sunny smile at him, "I like the way you taste Jake. When you catch your breath, my pussy really needs some attention."
Jake reached over and smiled then gave her a deep affectionate kiss. He reached for her breast and pinched her nipple. "Ouch! It's sore," said Linda.
"Sorry, I was a little too rough your first time out. They'll get use to it though. You're just like Dad and me," said Jake smiling.
"You know, I've heard that my entire life. What exactly do you all mean by that?" Linda said as she reached over and stroked Jake's nipple.
"Well, Sis," Jake started, "If Mom had lived she would have told and shown you when you turned 18, just like her and Dad did for me." Linda stared at him and he had her undivided attention. She scooted around and sat cross-legged next to him and looked down.
"When I turned 18," said Jake, "Mom and Dad showed me what kind of sex drive we shared. She said she could tell you were going to be just like her and Dad too. They would show you when you reach legal age also, but when mom passed; Dad was too afraid to do it by himself."
Linda kept staring at Jake after he finished. She straightened out in his bed and gave him a deep affectionate kiss back. She snuggled up against him and pressed her breasts against his chest.
"I love you Jake and Dad too. Why couldn't the three of us do it all together?" Linda snuggled closer and kissed and licked the side of his neck.
Jake pulled her closer to him. "You would be willing to do that?" he inquired.
"Jake I trust both you and Dad. You would never harm me and I could always say 'no' if it hurts me." Linda had eased down and was now swirling her tongue over his nipple. She started to suck on it and bite at it and Jake started to moan. His cock was starting to get hard again and reached up and pinched his other nipple. Again he moaned. "Yes, just like me," thought Linda.
"Damn, she learns fast," thought Jake as he felt the pain surge through his nipple. It felt good to have someone do that to him again. Each time she pinched or bit at his nipple, his cock would get harder.
"Jake?" asked Linda. He opened his eyes and looked into hers. "I really need to be fucked hard. The bat didn't satisfy me like you just did and my pussy is throbbing; aching really for deep penetration.
Jake smiled, "Oh is it? Well just let me put on a condom," and he reached over to his night stand.
Linda laughed, "Silly, you don't need one."
"I do if I don't want to get you pregnant," he replied.
"You pick my prescription up every month at the pharmacy. Didn't you ever read it? I've been on birth control since I was thirteen to regulate my periods."
Jake looked dumbfounded, "Damn. I never looked."
Linda spread her legs apart and Jake rolled over between them. "Sis tomorrow morning would you consider shaving this?" he asked as he slid his fingers up- and-down the outside of her pussy lips.
"Why?" asked Linda.
"Because it's easier for men to eat your pussy if we don't have to contend with the hair," said Jake as his fingers kept stroking her pussy.
"We could do it now if you're up to it. Think you can shave me?" she smiled.
He shoved a finger in her slit hard and she gasped. "Think you can hold still long enough for me to do it?" he laughed. He removed his finger and sucked it clean. "Come on, it won't take that long," and he got off the bed. Gave her his hand and pulled her up as well and they went into the bathroom.
Jake got out the shaving cream and razor. She suddenly got an idea and stepped up onto the rim of the tub and reached up and held onto the shower rod. She spread her legs wide to give him better access and to see what he was doing. In no time at all, he had her shaved and rinsed.
"Hmmmm, nice position," he said as he stood up and buried his face into her pussy. His tongue was probing in and out of her hole as well as licking her clit.
"God Jake! Let me down before my legs give out," she said breathing hard. He stepped back and let her get down. His cock was fully erect and stretching out in front of him.
"First things first Sis," and he turned her around facing the full length mirror on the back of the door. He moved up behind her and slipped his cock between her thighs; rubbing the outside of her pussy lips. They both looked into the mirror. "God Sis, you're beautiful!"
He reached up and massaged her breasts. She didn't mind the pain and pushed back and ground her ass into his stomach. He kissed along her neck and shoulders and kept massaging her breasts; pinching and pulling at her nipples. "Let's maximize your orgasm Sis." She just shook her head up and down.
He stepped back a bit and she opened her eyes. "Bend at the waist with your hands on each side of the mirror," he directed. She did what he said. She looked into the mirror and saw how her breasts hung down and the top of his cock was poking through her pussy lips; rubbing and teasing her clit.
He reached in front and started to milk her breasts like udders. It hurt, but felt so hot; so stimulating. "I think you need pain in your breasts, but I need my hands free to hold your hips. Have you ever used clothespins?"
"No," she barely whispered as she was trying to hump back on him.
"I think you're going to like this Sis. Later when you're use to them, we can add a little weight to intensify the feeling. Okay?" Jake asked as he was gliding his cock along her pussy. Linda just shook her head 'yes.' She just wanted to be fucked and the harder the better.
Jake opened the bottom door of the cabinet; reached inside and brought out a small bag of wooden clothespins. He leaned back into Linda, "Stand up for a minute and turn around so I can attach them. She was breathing hard and did as he said. "Watch," Jake said.
He attached a clothespin to each of his nipples and each time he did he would hump forward. "This will really intensify our orgasm together Sis."
Jake reached for her nipple and pinched the hard bud. Linda moaned. He placed a hand over her mouth as her attached the pin. She screamed, but her pussy was throbbing harder. He smiled and did the same to her other nipple. She was beside her with the pain in her nipples and her need to be fucked.
Jake turned her around to look at herself in the mirror again, "Same position as before."
She bent over and the weight of her breasts intensified the pain in her restricted nipples. Every time her breasts swayed, she would have a surge of pain. Jake grabbed both her hips and shoved his cock all the way in grinding into her pussy.
"Oh God Yes!!!!" she screamed. He plowed into her pussy as hard as he could and she was humping back onto him with the same intensity. It felt so wonderful, she felt like she was floating between the pain and the pleasure. She didn't want it to stop, but she felt her orgasm building to a major eruption.  
"Jake, Jake I'm so close," she was breathing hard. He reached around in front and his fingers found her clit. He rubbed it hard and then pinched it.
"Me too Sis," he responded as he felt his balls emptying against her cervix which made her start to orgasm as well. She felt her legs giving out and tried to reach out for the wall. It didn't matter; Jake had her around the waist and was easing her down to the floor. He rolled her over on her back and straddled her hips.
She watched as he gently removed his clothespin and groaned. Some cum came out of his softening cock and landed on top of her mound. He reached down and gently, but quickly removed the first clothespin. Pain hit her again as the blood returned to her nipple. He quickly placed his mouth over her nipple and softly swirled his tongue over her engorged bud.
She smiled and arched her back up trying to get more of her breast into his mouth. "Easy Sis, we have time," he said as he started to do the other breast the same way. Linda pushed herself into a sitting position, leaned forward and gently massaged his nipples with her mouth and tongue.
Jake felt the excitement and thrill running through him again. He eased himself back and smiled at Linda, "Let's clean up now and go to bed. We'll both need rest before tomorrow."
"Too late Jake," Linda said beaming one of her smiles at him. "It's already tomorrow and she pointed to the clock."
Jake started to laugh, "Okay, we'll both need some rest before we talk to Dad in the morning."
Linda kept smiling, "Sure, but I get the right side. It'll be nice sleeping beside you in your full; feeling your body next to mine."
Jake got up and helped Linda to stand, "I think I'll like that too Sis. It'll even be better in Dad's king size bed later" and he winked and bent to kiss her again.