That must have been, hands down, the best orgasm he had ever experienced. This fantasy of being tied up was one of his oldest, dating back to his school days, but Snape had never thought that translating it to reality would be so earth-shattering. He didn’t even mind that the sexy woman had been replaced by Potter.

The familiar sensation of a cleaning spell washed over him and the sticky matter on his stomach disappeared. Potter gathered the ribbons and cock-ring and dropped them back in their drawer.

Potter prodded him with a finger.

“Go take a shower. I’ll have Dobby bring you clothes.”

“Yes, Master.” As Snape climbed out of bed on unsteady legs, he wondered whether Potter had a bathtub — though he had talked of showers and not of baths. He looked around him, and Potter pointed at a cleverly concealed door.

“Over there.”

Snape entered the bathroom and his jaw dropped in surprise and envy. Potter didn’t have a bathtub, he had a bloody pool! Not as big as the Prefects’ bathroom at Hogwarts, but certainly hedonistic and self-indulgent enough.

There was also a functional shower in a corner. Snape elected to use it, but wondered whether he could talk Potter into letting him use his bathtub at some point.

When he stepped out, there were fresh towels laid out for him. After drying himself, Snape tied one around his waist and wandered back to the bedroom.

Potter was still lounging lazily on the bed and there were Muggle clothes on the armchair. No robes, and Snape looked at Potter interrogatively. Potter smirked and nodded at the Muggle clothes. Resigned, Snape picked up the trousers and shirt — no underwear, of course — and put them on.

“Are you sure those are the right size?” Snape asked as he was struggling to button up the trousers.

Potter stood up and went to stand behind him, his arms reaching around to take hold of the trouser buttons.

“Suck in.”

Snape obeyed and Potter deftly did up the buttons. He stepped back a few feet.

“Oh yes, definitely the right size.”

With that, he sauntered to the bathroom, not without delivering a playful smack to Snape’s arse. Snape decided to go down to breakfast at once.

The next few weeks were uneventful. Snape spent his days in his lab, while Potter worked in the library. Occasionally he was called away by Gringotts or the Ministry as a free-lance curse-breaker.

Several nights a week, they had sex, occasionally ending up in Potter’s bed. On one hand, Snape hated it, as he always had to wear revealing Muggle clothing on the day after. On the other hand, Potter was very generous with his bathtub, especially when they were both in it at the same time. There were things Snape had never considered doing anywhere, let alone underwater, but they had turned out to be surprisingly pleasant.

The sex was indeed good, if somewhat unconventional, at least in Snape’s admittedly limited experience. With Potter’s help, Snape had discovered a few things about himself, including the fact that spankings were not much of a punishment. He had been allowed to try almost all of the floggers and paddles Potter had on his walls, and the idea of being whipped now filled him with anticipation rather than dread.

His almost thirty years of tenure under the Dark Lord’s rule had not prepared him to the gratification found in pain. Snape had always thought of pain as punishment, as something to be avoided. Potter had taught him to skate the fine line between pain and pleasure.

He also liked being tied up, because Potter would then focus on killing him with pleasure. The soft sounds of Parseltongue directing the ribbons over his body had become associated with the idea of sex, to the point that merely hearing the snake language made him hard. There was something exciting and a little scary about putting oneself completely in the hands of another. Snape now understood better what Potter had told him about submission not being a weakness.

It also helped to know that Potter did keep his promise not to harm him. Snape had discovered that he could not bear being blinded. When Potter had tied a blindfold over his eyes, Snape had panicked. A long talk with Potter brought back to him an incident that he had buried in the depths of his mind from his stay in Azkaban, when he had been blindfolded and beaten by some wardens. Potter now took great care to always leave his eyes uncovered and at least one candle lit.

Today, Potter was away. He had said something about Turkey, by which Snape understood that he wouldn’t be back until the next day at the earliest.

Snape was dispiritedly stirring his potion. He had spent his entire teaching career longing for the time when he could brew all day, but he now longed for the interruptions of classes, detentions or teas with Albus.

At last, the potion was done. He decanted it immediately into warmed pots, stoppered them and turned them upside-down. Painstakingly, he wrote a dozen labels — Potter hadn’t challenged the request for a fountain pen on his list and had even purchased him a quality one.

He left the pile of labels next to the cooling pots and went to the library. He was sick of brewing potions and wanted something else to do.

Though there were books on the Dark Arts, Snape quickly discovered that he couldn’t read them. He could take them off the shelves, but a Stinging Hex prevented him from opening them. He scowled, but his eyes were caught by other books, Muggle books.

Snape remembered that his library had been moved here. With a smile, he let his hand stroke the familiar spines, and tried to decide on a title. Was he in the mood for a body in the bath or in an armchair? The beginning of a courtship or a honeymoon? In the end, Snape pulled out his favourite.

Commandeering Potter’s usual armchair, Snape curled in it, his feet tucked under him, and began to read. Although he had read the book dozens of times, he savoured each word, sometimes stopping to check a reference, sometimes reading passages aloud, modulating his voice for each character.

Interruptions for meals were decidedly unwelcome and only the absence of his wand kept him from hexing Dobby when he came to send him to bed.

In the morning, Snape decided to read the complete series again. He ate with his book open by his plate and was laughing at the mating dance of two of the characters when Potter came back.

His nose and forehead were red and already peeling. There were dark bags under his eyes. Potter yawned and stretched, exposing a slice of skin when his tee-shirt rode up. Snape slid a makeshift bookmark between the pages of his book and stood up.

“Good afternoon. Did you have a good trip?”

“Hello, Severus. I hate international Portkeys and I slept less than two hours last night. You wouldn’t happen to have burn-healing paste available, would you?”

Snape glanced at the rain streaming down the windows and the low-cast sky outside. “That wasn’t a priority, no, but I can make some in a couple of hours.”

“Please.” Potter yawned again. “I’ll be in my bedroom when you have finished.”

Snape nodded and watched Potter leave before going to his lab. He took his book with him. Burn-healing paste required almost an hour of waiting for the potion to thicken; there was no need to waste the time.

A couple of hours later, as promised, Snape went up to Potter’s bedroom, paste in hand.

Potter was sleeping naked on the bed, his back also showing signs of sunburn. Snape pushed his sleeves up and sat on the edge of the bed. He opened the jar and propped it up on the folds of the sheet.

He spread the cream on the burns, smiling in satisfaction as the skin recovered its natural pink tone. When he had finished, he went to pick up a towel in the bathroom, grumbling when his instinctive Summoning failed.

He blotted off the excess cream on Potter’s back. Snape was surprised when Potter suddenly rolled over; he had thought that Potter was still sleeping. He folded his hands under his head, and Snape, taking the cue, began to treat his front.

He was spreading a second layer on Potter’s face when he heard noise and voices downstairs.

“Oh, fuck,” Potter said.

“You were expecting someone?”

“Ron and Hermione. I completely forgot to postpone our dinner.”

“Hold still.” Snape wiped the last traces of the paste off Potter’s face and dropped the dirty towel in the hamper.

“Can you go down and welcome them while I’ll dress? I’ll only be a few minutes.”

Snape groaned. “Yes, of course,” he said in a resigned tone.

Snape thought he should count himself lucky that was the first time he had seen Granger and Weasley since he had moved here, but he really could have done without them a little longer.

He plastered his best host smile on his face and nodded shallowly.

“Miss Granger, Mr Weasley. Harry will only be a minute.”

He took them to the sitting-room. Fortunately, the elves had aired it; Potter and Snape hardly ever used the room, preferring the library. Dobby appeared, offering refreshments. Snape refrained from commenting at Weasley’s immature taste — Firewhiskey, honestly! only fifteen-year-olds thought it drinkable — and accepted a vodka. Silence stretched between them.

“Hello, Ron, Hermione! How are you?”

At last, Potter had arrived. He was looking a lot more alert — Pepper-Up, probably — and he was wearing a wizarding robe, contrary to his habit. He sat down on the empty armchair and a glass of Muggle whisky appeared in his hand.

“So, how have you been?”

Thank God Potter was there to make conversation. Weasley began to chat about his Auror training at the Ministry. Snape nursed his drink and Granger observed him in what she probably believed to be a surreptitious manner.

“I hope your situation isn’t too difficult.”

“I beg your pardon?” Snape said stiffly. What situation?

“Your status as a. . . slave.” She said the word with visible distaste. “I argued against the invocation, but after you had been condemned to death, there was no choice anymore.”

“You argued against it? I had thought you were the one who had suggested it to Harry.”

“Oh no! It’s slavery, Professor! You don’t think I would condone depriving a fellow human being of his liberty?”

She had a point there. Snape remembered she’d created a movement for the liberation of house-elves when she was in school. He couldn’t remember the name, but he could remember sharing a good laugh with Minerva over it.

“Not even a Death Eater?”

Solemnly she said, “Not even one, Professor, and certainly not an innocent one.”

“Innocent?” Snape raised his eyebrows. If there was an epithet that didn’t fit him, it was that one. Especially as no one knew—

“Well, you did work for the Order all along.”

How did she know that? “How did you know that?” And did Potter know?

“Headmaster Dumbledore told Professor McGonagall about the Vows you took. To Narcissa Malfoy and to him. Professor McGonagall then told Harry before she died.”

So Potter did know. Snape turned furious eyes toward him. Potter stood up.

“Time for food. Let’s go to the dining-room.”

He held Snape back with a hand on his arm.

“Later.”

Potter’s eyes were hard and Snape nodded, his lips tight with rage.

“Very well.”

The meal passed excruciatingly slowly. He was aware of Weasley’s and Granger’s curious eyes on him, and only Potter’s hand on his knee at regular intervals kept him from strangling the lot of them.

He had never been so happy to see the end of a meal, and fortunately they didn’t linger; even such thick-headed Gryffindors could feel the tension in the room. As soon as they had left, Snape turned to Potter.

“I’m going to bed. It’s probably the safer solution.”

“Oh no you don’t. We’ll talk it out right now and right here.”

“As you wish.” Snape had rarely felt so angry. “You knew! You fucking knew I was acting on his own orders when I killed Albus, that he made me swear a Vow, and yet you said nothing, did nothing at my trial!”

“Does the word ‘hearsay’ mean anything to you? I had it from McGonagall who had it from Dumbledore. Some testimony that’d make! The Wizengamot would have destroyed me, and for no appreciable results!”

Snape had to admit — privately, mind! — that Potter was right about that. It didn’t mean, however, that his rage abated one whit.

“And what’s the point of this sexual slavery? If you knew I was loyal to the Order, then why this fucking deal we made when I first arrived?”

Potter blushed violently. Snape would have preferred to be held under Cruciatus rather than admit it aloud, but Potter was at his sexiest when he was red with anger, his green eyes blazing behind his glasses, his wild hair sticking up in every which direction.