The Vagina Vigilantes by Bakeboss:
"Ah, Mr. Conrad, good to see you're awake, you had us worried for a while."
"I don't understand, what happened to me? God, doc please, ya gotta give me something for this pain I don't think I can stand it any longer." 
"Yes, that would be understandable; your body has been under a lot of trauma. I will give you something to ease the pain but first I need to ask a few questions. I take it you know what happened to you but can you tell me what you remember?"
"I was working the late shift at the university, I'm a security guard there and with all the trouble we've all been working extra shifts. I really don't mind, I mean someone has to protect those young innocent girls from the campus rapist. Let's see now, I remember I was checking behind the library because that's where we found the last girl. All of a sudden, I felt a severe pain in my neck and then everything went black until just now."
"And you remember nothing else? OK let me give you those pain meds now and as you relax, try to remember more. I'll come back later to  see how you are and we will discuss your injuries."

Oh, I remembered plenty more but nothing I'd tell to the doctor. I remember my pants around my ankle and my hard-on throbbing in anticipation. I remember one hand on her dainty little panties, ready to rip them off her slender body and my other hand around her throat squeezing hard. I was thinking that this would be the best one yet and I raised up to see that look of fear they get in their eyes as they realize what's going to happen to them. That look does more to arouse me than seeing their naked cunts, oh yeah way more. But this one, she didn't look frightened at all and in fact, she had what I could only describe as an evil smile on her lips. Then suddenly that pain and the darkness just like I told the doc. 

The next time I awoke, it was dark outside and the doctor was writing on my chart. The doc asked me what more I remembered and I told him nothing.
"I think we'll postpone discussing your injuries for a day or two when I can get a counselor in here to help you cope. For tonight, you will have a very helpful candy striper to watch over you and see you get what you need. I'll see you in the morning Mr. Conrad now try to get some sleep."   
I must have dozed off again because when I woke up I could see this cute little redhead in my room, but when I tried to say something, I couldn't talk. When she turned around, I recognized her as the girl I had behind the library.
"Well hi there Mr. Conrad, remember me, yeah I thought you would. I went ahead and put a tube down your throat just to make sure you don't wake up the other patients, oh, also I secured your hands, we wouldn't want you accidentally tearing your stitches. I also shut off your pain meds, don't you hate the way they make your head all fuzzy. They're saying you don't remember anything so I brought some pictures of us having fun together to help you remember. Here's the first one, I just love the look on your face, is that some drool coming out of your mouth. Look it even shows your little wiener sticking out so proud just like a real man's would. Oh, you'll love this one; it shows your face just as Judy hit you with the stun gun. Here you are back at our workshop all naked and tied up on our workbench. This one's my favorite it shows me cutting off your dick and this one shows Judy cutting off your balls. Now this one shows the finished job, I guess you can tell we're better at cutting than we are at stitching, but what the hell, I don't think you'll be showing off your scars to many people. And then this is the last one it shows you back behind the library, naked and hog tied with your severed genitals shoved in your mouth. I'll just put these in this drawer for you, they're yours and you can do what you want to with them, you can even show them to the cops if you want of course, then you'll be arrested for rape but again the choice is yours."

He watched her insert a syringe into a drip bag and suddenly he was asleep again. 

The next morning there was no tube down his throat and his hands were free, maybe he had only been dreaming but a quick look in that drawer proved that his nightmare was real. The doctor came in with a group of people dressed in white coats.
"Alright doctors you are a lucky group of interns today for we have a most unusual case for you all to see, so just observe and learn."
I heard a woman say that she heard there would be a lot more just like me soon.
I saw the look of horror on their faces as the doctor lifted my gown to show them my wounds. My head was so fuzzy I thought how green they were to be so shocked by a naked man. I think I heard a woman in the back say, 'it serves the fucker right' and the doctor telling her to be quiet.
"We tried to reattach his genitals but because they had been shoved into his mouth they were too injured by his teeth, he must have been subconsciously  gnashing his teeth in pain."
"Ewe, you mean he not only had his junk in his mouth he was chewing on them?"
This question received a severe look from the doctor for an answer.  
 "In truth, he was so savagely hacked I'm not sure we could have saved anything even in the most perfect of situations. There was not even enough left to put a catheter in so he will have to fitted a ileostomy bag that he  
will need for the rest of your life."
"Well at least he won't be rapping any more women," said the woman in the back. Then a young kid in front said,
"I don't understand Doctor, if that were me I'd be freaked out but he just lies there all cool calm and collected."
"That's one of the reasons we have him so heavily sedated, not only for the pain but also to fog his mind and keep his thoughts off his future, at least until his wounds heal. Mr. Conrad do you have any questions?"
"Doc about that candy striper last night..."
"That is the strangest thing, she must have been new because when I asked about her this morning no one knew who she was, so tell me did she take care of you last night?"
"Doctor excuse me, these two officers would like to speak with your patient."
"Sure, come on in, I think we're done for now, come along doctors."
"What do you think Jimmy, ya think it was them?"
Without asking, the cop pulled up my dressing gown and the wince on his face told me everything I needed to know.
"Oh yeah it's them even the ink's the same."
Ink, what in the hell was he talking about and for the first time I risked a look at my midsection. Where my cock and balls use to be was now nothing but a nasty slice sewn shut and above that was a large tattoo inked across my belly and running into my pubes. The top line said 'Vagina Vigilantes' and then another line under that said 'revenge not justice'
"Mr. Conrad what can you tell us about this."
"I'm sorry but I can't remember a thing."
"Just like the others Jimmy, they can't remember nutin."
