I had informed the council of what I had seen, but they didn't consider it to be a real threat. they told me to rest and prepare for the birth of my baby. I took their advice. I was sitting in the library with a book when dad sat down next to me.
"Hi dad!
"How are you?" he asked.
I put the book down.
"I just can't shake this feeling that something bad is going to happen, but the council won't listen to me."
"What do you think will happen?"
"I don't know. But, I do know one thing. Claire isn't finished with me, that's for sure!"
Dad placed a hand on the bump that showed the presence of his future grandchild.
"Well, if she tries to hurt you or your baby I will personally kill her!"
I smiled. "Thanks dad! When is the council meeting?"
"That's what I came to tell you. They need to talk to you, now."
I nodded and followed dad down to the council hall. Every one was already seated. I sat down next to my mate, Damien.
It seemed like just the usual boring council business. We were half way through one of the council men's boring account of something. I wasn't even paying attention to what he was saying.
Suddenly there was an almighty bang! Everyone looked toward the hall doors which seemed to be the source of the noise.
Then another bang was heard! The doors burst open. Someone started to shout orders as a black cloud of smoke started to creep into the hall. Damien drew his sword and stood in front of me. The smoke settled. I looked around Damien and nearly fainted.
"Well, well, well, we meet again!" James said.
I came out from behind Damien. I knew that I had killed James!
"How can you be alive?" I asked.
"Simple really! You only banished my soul but you didn't destroy my body! I thought you would have had more sense than that! claire very kindly brought me back and here she is." he said
as he stood to one side. Claire stepped out of the shadows, bold as brass.
"Well, if it isn't the little witch who banished me." she said with an evil sneer.
She had grown even more wolf like in the few short months since I had banished her to the astral plane.
Damien knew the danger that I, and the baby, were in. I could hear his thoughts trying to find a way of getting me out.
"If only there was some kind of distraction I could get out." I thought to Damien.
I wish I hadn't thought that because as I did, he smiled at me and threw himself towards James and Claire.
I took the opportunity and ran. I got to the stables and mounted Midnight before they caught up with me. Claire tried to block me with flames as I rode out on Midnight.
In response I conjured up water and drenched her and the flames. Midnight bolted at top speed. I neither knew nor cared where I was going, I didn't care as long as it was away from Claire!
I could hear howling and I knew James would be after me! It was then that I remembered what grandfather had said. I turned Midnight and headed north. It didn't look like they were following me. They knew that at some point I would have to go back there, so they must have held their ground.
It only took me a day or two to reach the lost palace. I had tied Midnight up in the same field as I did the last time I was there. I ran to the palace. There were no guards this time.
"What was Leo playing at?" I thought to my self.
"Why are you going to him?" Damien's voice sounded in my head.
"Well would you rather I went back and was killed?" I retorted.
"No, I suppose not." Damien said.
"What's going on in the castle?" I asked.
Damien, through our bond, replied, "They have us tied up and are searching the castle for the book of shadows. They need the dis-empowering spell." he said.
"I thought as much." I responded.
At the palace, the servant's door was open so I went in. The kitchen was alive with activity. No one spotted me until I moved into the middle of the room. It was then when Caroline came over.
"Dear child where the hell have you been?" she said.
"Look, Caroline, it's to long and complicated to explain right now. Is either Leo or Dermot here?" I asked.
"They're both here and I need you to help with the food."
"No! I need to see either one of them right now! It's urgent." I said.
"Very well, I'll go and get Leo. Wait here."
Sure enough within a few minutes Leo came running into the kitchen and hugged me.
"Sara what are you doing here?"
"Can we go some place more private than here? Then I can explain."
He nodded and lead me towards the hall. Granddad was sitting talking to others. Leo addressed them
"Will you please excuse us Dermot and I need a chat in private?" No one argued with him.
Granddad looked confused. "Leo what's going on?"
He stepped aside and I ran over to granddad and hugged him tightly.
"Not that am not glad to see you Sara, but what are you doing so far away from the castle?"
I sat down and told them everything that had happened.
Dermot looked like he could kill someone
"James is alive?" he said through gritted teeth.
"Yes! So is Claire! They managed to brake out of the astral plane and are hell bent on killing me."
At that point the baby had decided to give me a kick in the kidney. I winced in pain.
"Are you okay Sara?" Leo asked.
"Fine the baby just decided to start kicking me in the kidney."
Grandfather laughed.
"It's not funny granddad. It hurt!"
He looked at me. "You know I'm not really your grandfather." he said.
I looked at him, "As far as I'm concerned you are! Okay?"
He smiled at that.
Leo said, "So, let me get this straight. James has teamed up with Claire to strip you of your powers and kill you. What I don't understand is why go to all that bother just to kill you?"
I just shrugged my shoulders.
Grandfather said, "There must be something here that we are missing."
I looked at Leo, "Is there anything else that you or Damien haven't told me?" I asked.
He thought for a second
"I don't think so" he said.
I thought back to see if there was anything else that was missing or not right.
"There is one thing missing, but I still don't see what it has to do with me."
Leo looked at me. "What is it?" he asked.
"I found a book a few months back. It was about the origin of the werewolf and vampire, but the vampire part was missing. Maybe this all has something to do with that. How did Damien become a vampire anyway?" I asked.
"I'm not really sure I was kidnapped and forced into becoming a werewolf as it says in that book. When I was a werewolf, I realised that Damien was already a vampire." he said.
Granddad looked confused. "What do you and Damien have to do with John and Thomas?" granddad asked.
"Thomas?" I said, looking at Leo.
He shrugged his shoulders then looked at granddad.
"If you must know Damien and I are brothers! I am Thomas and Damien is John. We changed our names after Alana was killed and Claire imprisoned." he said.
Grandfather just looked at him in astonishment.
I felt panic hitting me through the bond that Damien and I shared.
"What's wrong" I asked Damien though our bond.
"They've found the book of shadows!" he said.
Then I started to panic.
Granddad looked at me "What's wrong?"
"James and Claire have found the book of shadows!"
"Don't worry about that!" Leo said.
I looked at him.
"What do you mean don't worry? What if they get to the dis-empowering spell?"
"They won't! Trust me." Leo said.
Grandfather re-entered the discussion.
"I'm with her on this one! If they find that spell she's in big trouble."
Leo answered him, "No she isn't!"
It was my turn to ask a question.
"What do you mean I'm not in trouble?"
"Before Alana hid the book she put powerful spells on it. The book can only be opened and read by someone of Alana's line. There are only two people in Alana's line, that is you and your baby so as long as they don't get you, you're safe." he said.
I was breathing a sigh of relief when a quick message from Damien changed everything.
Damien almost shouted through our bond,
"James and Claire are on their way to you now!"