This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Interview with the Esper (MF+, 1st, anal, bi, creampie, inc, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

The video starts. The camera is pointing at the floor, but then it quickly pans up to show a rather normal looking twentysomething caucasian man with brown hair looking directly at it.

"Is it on?" The man looks past the lens to the operator, and then back to the lens. "Okay, then! Okaaayyy..." The man looks pensive, and then suddenly anxious. "Um...cut!"

The screen goes black but then comes back a moment later. It is again showing the same man, but now he is seated and looking more confident. The auburn hair of a woman's head can be seen just at the corner of the screen, bobbing up and down in the man's lap.

The man looks down, clearly amused, and then back at the camera. "Nothing like a blowjob to get you focused, huh? Okay!"

The camera zooms in on the man's face. "My name is Jake -- no, I'm not telling you my last name -- and I control minds." A pause. "No, not like a hypnotist."

He looks down again. "Use your tongue some more, baby. Yeah, just like that..." He closes his eyes for a moment, savoring the oral pleasure, and then focuses back on the camera. "As you can see, your producer is doing whatever I tell her to, even though she started off our meeting acting like a cold hard bitch. She straight out said no to this interview, although I had approached it as a suggestion rather than a command." He looks sheepish. "I didn't want to skew her honest opinion."

The camera shifts to show more of the late thirtysomething producer in her tight blouse and pencil skirt, kneeling in front of Jake and continuing to suck his cock with seemingly no notice that he's talking about her or that she's being filmed.

"Does she treat you like you're nothing, too, camera guy?" The camera shifts up back to Jake's face. Jake pauses for a moment, and then says, "Yeah she does. Okay then..."

Jake looks down at the woman. "Go suck that guy's cock, and take off your skirt and underwear while you're at it."

The woman complies, and her pretty (if severe) face fills the screen as she adjusts her position. She pauses for a moment, baring her lower half, before she moves down to the cameraman's lap, unzipping him and pulling out his hard cock. As the cameraman's dickflesh appears the camera flashes back up to show Jake coming up behind her bent over form.

Jake sidles his dick up under the woman's butt and lines himself up. Within a few moments he's inside her pussy and she grunts into the cameraman's dick. The cameraman's heavy breathing is loud on the video.

"Ah yeah! Nothing like pussy..." Jake starts pounding the older woman, making it difficult for her to keep a proper rhythm going with her sucking, but by the sounds of it the cameraman isn't complaining.

"Hey lady!" Jake says. "You safe?" He doesn't slow his thrusts down while he waits for her response.

She grunts.

"What does that mean? Heh...oh, right...okay then, if you think you might get pregnant if I cum in you, make worried noises but don't stop what you're doing."

She starts to gasp and wail.

"Sweeeett!" Jake grabs the woman's hips and starts to ram as hard as he can while she continues to whine.

This is too much for the cameraman, who groans loudly. His producer makes a startled noise but then she starts to slurp and gulp. Her whimper of despair continues, though muffled, and then sharply rises to a loud moan as Jake groans from behind her. He is clearly in ecstasy as he fills her unprotected pussy with hot baby juice.

After a few seconds Jake pulls out and the woman gasps.

"Clean this off, would'ya?" Jake says, pointing his softening dick at her now available mouth. She quickly follows his command and the camera captures it all.

Soon Jake is pulling his pants back up. "Okay, babe, do you have a husband?" He pauses, concentrating on her. "No...lover? Yes...okay..." He takes her hands. "So if you do get pregnant just tell him it's his, okay? Never tell anyone what happened here." He nods, satisfied, and then lets go of her hands.

He faces the camera again. "Okay, camera guy...put yer willy away and let's hit the bricks!" The screen fades to black.

---

"Nothing to see here...nothing to see here..." Jake's back is to the camera as they walk through an office area. Following his command, everyone around him turns away, distracted by other things. Soon the men are on the street.

The camera continues to follow Jake as he walks down the sidewalk. Jake waves to people as they pass and they all wave back, smiling as if they know him.

Jake stops at a bus stop. The bench is full so he stands there, waiting. He looks at the camera as it views the bench and then back to him.

"What? Oh, no, I'm a young guy...I can take standing here for a few minutes."

They wait. Jake seems to be nodding his head to a beat only he can hear. After a few more minutes he looks back at the bench. "Still..."

After a cut the camera shows Jake lying across the bench, seemingly having a nap. Everyone else, including an elderly woman, is now standing as they wait for the bus.

---

Now they're on the bus, the cameraman sitting next to Jake in the back. Jake, in profile, looks forward intently.

"Buses are great because you encounter so many interesting people. Take that woman there..." he gestures and the camera follows, showing an attractive Asian woman not much older than Jake. "...I think she's a tourist."

Sure enough, the woman takes out her phone and starts taking pictures of some of the landmarks they pass. The man in the seat behind her asks her a question but she just smiles and nods at him. He doesn't continue the conversation.

"Watch this," Jake says, and he gets up. She is surprised when he plops himself down next to her.

The cameraman stays where he is and we can see Jake talking to the woman but they are too far away to hear. She smiles uncertainly and nods. Finally Jake holds out his hand and the woman takes it. Her face relaxes. Jake looks at her intently, not releasing her hand. The woman's eyes get unfocused.

Jake pulls the stop cord and the bus slows. He gets up but brings the lady to her feet as well, still holding her hand. They head to the exit and the cameraman follows.

---

They are sitting in a restaurant now, waiting for food. The decor is Eastern. The woman is now draped onto Jake's shoulder, looking adoringly at him as she strokes his chest.

Jake addresses the cameraman: "I didn't know if this would work but if I touch someone I can get into their head better, like I did when I gave your producer her baby orders before we left. In this case I was able to project emotions for this cutie to feel...now she's going to buy us dinner and then we'll head to her hotel for...dessert." He leers at the petite woman.

---

"Uh! Uh! Uh!" There is the sound of the woman gasping in pleasure as the camera starts back up, showing her lying back on the hotel bed as Jake plows into her in the missionary position. The cameraman is seated in the corner of the room.

The woman tries to kiss Jake but he turns his face away. Then he pulls out and turns her over, ramming his cock back inside. Within a few minutes he groans and the woman gives a final cry as he sperms her.

After a cut, Jake, in a hotel robe, addresses the camera. The cameraman is now on the bed. The lady is still lying on her front, breathing heavily but otherwise unmoving.

"You want a go? I know you do..."

The camera shakes side to side.

"Liar. Your dick's tenting your pants. Let me see..." Jake takes the woman's hand and concentrates again.

She rears up onto her knees and some semen drips out of her pussy onto the bed covers. She seems confused.

"Come on..." Jake murmurs. He concentrates harder and she gasps. "There!"

The woman looks at the cameraman lovingly. The camera shifts as Jake takes it and now the slightly pudgy form of the cameraman is shown.

"Um...um..." the cameraman stammers, but the woman is on him, tearing off his clothes. Soon she's riding his cock, Jake's cum squishing out of her as she gasps in pleasure. It doesn't take long for the comparatively inexperienced cameraman to add his load to the sperm partying deep inside her body.

---

The camera follows Jake out of the hotel. It is now morning.

"I don't have a home, but I'm not homeless!" Jake says, switching to a Southern drawl. "I depend on the kindness of strangers."

Jake scans the street. "Time for a wardrobe change, I think." He crosses with the light and they head into a swanky clothing store. A well dressed man crosses to meet them before they get too far in.

"Can I...help you?" he asks haughtily, looking down his nose at them.

"Yes you can," Jake says pleasantly, scanning the store, "I need..."

"...her." He is pointing at a gorgeous blonde in a skin-tight beige dress who is helping an older man with picking out shoes.

Click! The well dressed man snaps his fingers and the sexy salesperson hurries over.

"You will help this man with whatever he needs."

"But..." she looks back at her original customer.

"Now." The manager walks away.

The salesperson looks at Jake and the cameraman dubiously. "Um...what can I do for you?"

Jake smiles.

---

Jake looks at himself in a full length mirror. A nice dark burgundy velvet blazer completes the ensemble she picked out for him of dark slacks and a cream colored dress shirt. "Very nice," he says, "Okay, I'll take it."

The woman heads to the door of their private fitting room, which is about the size of an average bedroom.

"Stay; close and lock the door," Jake commands.

The woman does so, and then waits for additional instructions.

"Let's get naked," he says, "I don't want to mess up these nice new clothes."

The woman starts undressing robotically but Jake stops her.

"Slowly, like you're doing a strip tease."

She does as he commands. As Jake carefully removes his new clothing she eyes him sultrily. She unbuttons her dress, giving him peek-a-boos of her tanned flesh as she does so. Finally they're both naked and Jake leans back on a table.

"Get over here and ride me."

She climbs astride him and lines his cock up with her well groomed pussy. She seems to be having some trouble but Jake looks at her for a few seconds and then the woman gasps. Suddenly she has no trouble getting her now wet pussy lips around his cock, and she sinks down a few inches onto him. Both of them groan. Then she starts to move. Jake lies back, grinning.

The camera circles them like in an adult film. The woman manages to get all of Jake's cock inside her and starts to bounce, making "ee" sounds as she bottoms out: "Ee...ee...ee..."

"Goddamn, look at these knockers!" Jake says, and the camera zooms in as he grabs them. They are larger than his hands and the flesh squishes a little between his fingers. Then he starts pinching her nipples.

"Nn! Nn!" The woman gasps at the harsh treatment but it doesn't stop her movements atop him.

"You protected?" he asks her.

"I use condoms," she replies.

He smiles. "Not this time. You ever had anyone cum inside you before?"

She shakes her head.

"You're in for a treat! Best feeling in the world...well, it is now, for you." Jake concentrates.

"Yes...yes..." The woman bounces harder on his cock.

"Here...it...cums..." Jake closes his eyes.

"Oh...ohh...oooohhh...!" The woman stops with Jake's dick buried deep inside her. Her mouth hangs open and it is clear that she is orgasming as her defenseless reproductive system is blasted full of his dangerous sperm.

Jake makes her clean him up with her mouth and then he dresses. As Jake and the cameraman leave the manager moves to intercept again but Jake tells him the new clothes are on the house. The man happily agrees and then they're back outside again.

---

Jake has taken them to a baseball game. "My dad used to take me to games." He looks wistful. "He died when I was still a teenager. Well, I killed him, really. Didn't actually mean to...when you're full of teenage hormones you get angry, y'know?"

As Jake pauses in his storytelling the camera pans to show the batter managing to get a good hit in. The crowd cheers as he starts to run the bases.

"I don't even remember what the argument was about. One moment I'm angry and telling him to go jump off a bridge and the next he's out the door. I figured he was pissed and would come back when he calmed down, but a few hours later Mom and I get the call."

The batter gets tagged out just as he's about to touch home plate.

The camera goes back to Jake, who is looking directly at it. "I don't want to talk anymore. Turn it off."

---

Jake is wearing a new track suit as he strolls down the empty hallway of a school. Lockers line the walls. "Now where is...aha." He turns and heads toward double doors. As they open it shows they are in the gymnasium and a couple dozen high school seniors are seen doing gymnastics.

"Everyone over here, please!" Jake calls out. Some people are hesitant but the closer students follow his commands so the rest approach after a few seconds.

"Okay, kids, time to learn about the human body. Everyone take off their clothes." All of them do as he says, and he turns to the camera. "I have trouble with groups so I like to push my limits. It's like exercising your muscles," He points to his head and winks, "And where better to do that than gym class?"

Once all the students and the pudgy male gym teacher are naked, Jake continues, "Girls, bend over those bleachers over there. Boys, find the closest free girl and get behind her." Soon the bizarre setup is ready. One boy, though, has a flaccid penis and looks uncomfortable as he eyes his partner.

"What's up buddy?" Jake asks. "Performance anxiety?" He concentrates. "Oh! Oh, I'm sorry man. Why don't you do your coach then? Coach, bend over like the girls." The older man does as instructed, as does the boy, whose penis is becoming hard now.

Jake pulls down his pants and underwear and gets behind the now-unpaired girl, a slim redhead. "Girls, this is the hottest thing you've ever experienced. You really want some hard cock in you, to learn about the birds and the bees."

There are some murmurs from the girls as they look back at their partners. The grunting of the homosexual boy and his coach can be heard off camera.

"And...go!" Jake lines his cock up with the girl's pussy and with a little work manages to get about half of it inside her. The camera pans across the line of girls and the boys who are experiencing various levels of success in their attempts to couple.

One boy seems to have somehow stuck his skinny penis into a cute blonde girl's butthole and she yells at him that he's doing it wrong. He doesn't slow down, however, and she can't do anything but stay bent over, as commanded.

A couple of the girls cry out as their virginities are taken by rough, inexperienced poking. Their boys likewise don't slow down to make it easier on them and the girls cry, even as they push their butts back to get greater penetration.

Jake has managed to get all of his cock inside the redheaded senior and he watches the erotic scene around them as he thrusts into her.

The camera catches the coach, sweating and grunting as his student rogers him. It's obviously awkward, probably because the boy is inexperienced and they didn't have any lube.

"Unhh! Ahh!" One skinny boy cries out as he thrusts home and blasts the insides of his cheerleader-looking partner with teenaged spunk. She gasps and shakes as she feels the dweeb possibly impregnating her.

This sets off some of the other students, and the camera pans about as cries of passion fill the gymnasium. One short boy cums inside the skinny tall girl...the good looking guy fills up the short curvy girl...the Asian boy inseminates the black girl with the big boobs.

"If you're done, have a seat on the bleachers, gang." Jake calls out. He's really ramming it into the redhead now, and her cries are reaching a fever pitch.

"Guh!" That was the boy doing the coach. The man grunts as his bowels are inundated with hot spunk.

"Aieee!" A blonde with big boobs cums as the East Indian boy behind her gasps and thrusts home, firing his swimmers deep inside her.

Jake grunts and his teenage partner gasps, "Oooh! I can feel it! Oh shit!" And she cums as her teenaged reproductive system gets what it needs to fulfill its purpose.

As Jake pulls out and gets her to clean him up he looks about. The last few couples are just finishing. The rest of the students are sitting on the bleachers, cum dripping from inexperienced vaginas and penises alike.

Jake looks at the camera. "Now THAT'S physical education!"

He addresses the crowd as he gets his clothes back on. "Okay, everyone, good job. Your coach is proud of you. It was also his idea and you went with it because he said he'd flunk you if you didn't. Also, if any of you get pregnant you won't be able to even consider getting an abortion." He looks back at the camera. "I'm pro-life, y'know."

---

They're leaving the school now. "I went to a school like this. Only up until I was 16 though...once I figured out my gift I wasn't going to waste my time with this bullshit."

Jake stops. "I'm hungry. You hungry?"

---

They're eating in a swanky restaurant. Between mouthfuls of steak Jake addresses the cameraman. "I gotta be careful not to do my stuff in some place where there're more than one or two people in charge. I can tell the boss to do what I want, but if there are more people who can figure out that I'm not supposed to be there and I lose my focus then I'll be in real trouble." He waves and the camera shows what appears to be the restaurant manager waving back, smiling.

"So I can't just walk into the White House, of course. I'd just get shot because I'm obviously not supposed to be there. Same for places like hotels when there might be a shift change and all of a sudden I have the night manager showing up at my room with security asking why I haven't paid. I could handle it, but I need my beauty sleep, y'know?" He gives the camera a vogue pose.

---

It's now getting dark and they're walking up to a nice house. "I saw the lady that lives here sunbathing the other day and she's a knockout," Jake says. He knocks on the door.

A man can be seen approaching through the window and when he opens the door Jake says, "I'm your buddy Jake, from work. Invite me in, guy."

The man grins. "Jake! Come on in, dude! Honey, this is Jake."

A beautiful brunette walks into the foyer, confused. "What's the camera for?"

Jake answers, "We're shooting a documentary on the company...right now we're showing how well off our employees are, to get more interest from applicants." He turns back to the man. "So? Got a beer for your old pal Jake?"

---

They are now in the back yard of the house. All the adults have a beer in hand and further from the house a girl that looks about 18 is playing badminton with her younger brother. Her small breasts bounce in her tight shirt as she jumps to bat the birdie back to him. Jake is distracted by the girl in her short shorts but his attention goes back to the mom, who is now in a bikini. Her toned legs are a match for her daughter's, but her breasts are much larger.

"So the kids are hers and you married into the 'insta-family', huh? You're a good guy," Jake says, appraising the stepdad.

Jake stands up. "It's not going to change what's going to happen, though. Okay, everyone, time for bed."

The kids drop their rackets and move toward the house. All of them head inside.

"You: Daddy." The dad stops, awaiting orders.

"You sleep with your stepdaughter. I'm not ordering you to have sex with each other, but if either of you have ever thought about it then you should see where that goes." He turns to the boy. "You, just go to bed."

All three of them go upstairs. "Now for us," Jake says to the mom. "Shall we?"

---

Jake is making out with the mom on her bed. A sound is heard down the hall and the cameraman heads to investigate. It's coming from behind a closed bedroom door. Muffled voices can be heard.

"Daddeee...no, we shouldn't..." Some murmuring. "Really? Oh...um...maybe..." A gasp.

The camera goes back to the parents' bedroom. Now Jake and the mom are naked and he is feeding his cock into her pussy. She gasps and moans, grabbing at the covers as she writhes in pleasure. Soon he is pounding her while she cums. As Jake continues his assault the cameraman returns to the door down the hall.

This time he opens the bedroom door and the screen goes green as he switches the camera to night vision mode. The teenage daughter is lying spread-eagled on the bed with her stepdad licking her pussy. Both are naked and too distracted to notice the intruder.

The stepdaughter's eyes are closed and the stepdad stops his cunnilingus in order to move up between her thighs. Her eyes fly open as she feels the head of his hard cock pressing against her vulnerable sex.

"I'm scared," she whispers.

"Don't be...I won't hurt you," he replies, and pushes forward.

She gasps and holds her stepfather tight as he deflowers her. The camera moves back to the master bedroom. The mom is riding Jake hard in reverse cowgirl style.

"Yee-haw!" Jake calls out. The mom is cumming again.

Shifting back into the daughter's room, we find the dad is moving slowly, allowing his stepdaughter time to get used to his cock. She is whimpering but not crying. Soon she is gasping in enjoyment.

The cameraman's breathing is heavy on the video as he runs back and forth, not wanting to miss any of the action. Jake cries out as he cums inside the mom and she shakes in pleasure as her baby factory gets a new shipment of textiles.

Back in the other room the daughter is murmuring, "Daddy...Daddy..." as she kisses his face, her eyes closed again. Her stepfather is moving fast now and her legs are wrapped around him.

"Unghh!" the dad grunts, the girl's mouth opens, as do her eyes, wide, as she experiences her first load of hot cum, deep inside her. He collapses on top of her and they kiss lovingly. The cameraman leaves, closing the door behind him.

Jake sees him as he heads back. "You get the couch. Also, I wanna sleep in, so you make breakfast for everyone, okay?" As the cameraman leaves Jake calls out, "Hey, you know how she like her eggs? Fertilized! Hehehe..."

---

It's morning and they are eating breakfast at the table. The mom is rubbing Jake's feet and the dad and stepdaughter are sitting close together. As the camera dips low it shows them holding hands below the table.

Jake speaks to the camera. "My mom...I left home after my dad..." He looks sad again. "Anyway, I went out on my own and learned all I could about my gift. I went back a couple years later but the neighbors said she died about a year after I left...suicide."

He looks down at the mom and then at the rest of them. "Family's important. Maybe I'll stick around here for a little while."

---

The video shows a series of small clips: The "family" watching a movie on the TV...Jake sucking on the mom's nipples and fucking her while she sits on the kitchen counter...the dad does the daughter on the living room couch (the son is nowhere in sight)...a nice dinner with the mom fawning all over Jake...finally, everyone getting ready for bed and a replay of what had happened the previous night, both women of the family getting another load of dangerous sperm in their unprotected pussies.

---

Breakfast the next morning. Jake is again talking to the cameraman. "No, I've never come across someone I couldn't control. That tourist lady was about the most difficult due to the language barrier. It's rare, but sometimes I come across someone who I know will have trouble accepting the long-term commands...you know, so they won't remember me, or to believe that everything that happened was their choice. Then I have to do something short term instead." He pauses, lost in thought.

---

"Okay, today is all about you, buddy," Jake says to the cameraman. They're in a moving taxicab. "You've been really helpful and I appreciate it. Looks like we're here."

They pull up to a house and Jake tells the driver, "Hey, thanks for the free ride," as they get out.

"No problem, man," replies the cabbie, and he drives away.

"So I asked you about your greatest regret and you said that it was letting your first girlfriend, Lisa, go. Bad breakup, huh?" The camera nods. "Okay, let's get you back together!" He heads up the walkway to the house and rings the doorbell.

A cute young woman with light brown hair answers the door. "Yes?" A pause as she looks at Jake and then to..."Rob? Why are you here?"

"Your name is Rob? I wouldn't have guessed that...Fred, or maybe John...anyway...he's here to get back together with you, Lisa. You like that idea."

She pauses for a moment, and then says, "Oh, yes, that would be great!"

Jake takes the camera and points it at the erstwhile lovers. They embrace, kissing passionately.

"Lise? Who's at the doo--? What the fuck!?" This is another female voice, and the camera swings around to view a tall, robust brunette woman entering the room, clearly not believing what she sees.

"Stop!" Jake commands, and she does. He gives her curvy body a once-over with the camera. "Well, well, well...are you two a lesbian couple?"

"Yes. Why is she making out with her ex?" The newcomer can't move but is still clearly distraught.

"They're getting back together, doll." A pause. "Actually, I'm sure you don't mind sharing her."

The woman smiles. "Of course not. Whatever Lisa wants."

"I think we should take this to the bedroom."

Jake, still with the camera, follows Rob, Lisa, and the girlfriend down the hall. Rob and Lisa are stripping their clothes off as they go but the girlfriend seems hesitant.

The camera focuses on her. "Have you ever been naked with a guy?"

"No, never."

"No problem, then, as we're all women here. That's Roberta, and I'm...Jaclyn. You find us both gorgeous and sexy."

"Mmm, yeah..." The girlfriend is looking at Jake with open lust now, and she starts to remove her clothes.

"Just let me..." Jake puts the camera on top of a chest of drawers, pointing the lens at the bed, and then starts taking his clothes off as well. Rob and Lisa are already on the mattress, shaking off the last of theirs.

The girlfriend pauses as she undoes the fastener on her bra and looks confused at Rob's hard cock, and then at Jake's as it springs forth from his undies.

"We're wearing strap-ons, just for you, darlin'. Get on the bed."

The girlfriend's cognitive dissonance dissipates and she does as instructed. With some quick instructions the girls are positioned with Lisa on her back and her girlfriend on her hands and knees opposite her so they can kiss upside down. Rob jumps between Lisa's thighs and starts to thrust.

Jake gets behind Lisa's lesbian lover and starts to work his cock inside her. His previous command for her to find this scenario sexy has worked to get her vagina wet and ready, and soon he is thrusting hard into where no man has gone before.

She moans, "Oh shit, I've never felt a strap-on like that before! It's warm!"

"It gets better!" Jake replies, and he grabs the curvy woman's hips to get better leverage.

Lisa and her girlfriend kiss as they gasp in pleasure.

After a few minutes Jake commands, "Flip over, both of you." They do, and now Lisa is getting fucked from behind while Jake shoves his cock back inside the girlfriend. He also latches his mouth to one of her large nipples.

"Ohh shiiitt..." the girlfriend moans.

"Uhhh...nnhhh...aarrhh!" Rob cries out as he blows his load into his newly reconciled girlfriend. She cries out as her unprotected pussy accepts his manly gift.

This is enough for Jake. He grunts and thrusts hard, holding his cock deep inside the lesbian as he gives her reproductive system what it never had before, what it needs to fulfill its genetic purpose.

"Ohh...fuuuuccckkkk..." The lesbian shakes in orgasm as her body accepts the foreign organic substance being injected deep within her.

Jake pulls out. "Hey, Lisa, come over here and clean off my 'strap-on' with yer mouth?"

Rob looks upset but Jake quickly handles it: "You don't care about that, and heck, why not use your own mouth to clean out her pussy?" He points to Lisa's girlfriend. Rob quickly moves to follow the command.

Lisa cleans Jake's cock and then both watch as Rob brings Lisa's girlfriend to orgasm with his mouth. By this point both men's cocks are hard again.

"Swap partners," says Jake.

---

Time has passed. It's night now, and the video camera is back on Rob's shoulder. They are walking along the sidewalk of an overpass. Fast moving cars can be heard below.

"Well, Rob, m'boy, our time is at an end. It's been fun. Give me the camera."

After the hardware has switched to Jake he continues. "Remember when I said some rare people can throw off my long-term commands? Well, I can sense that you're one of them, buddy. I'm sorry, man. Climb up on the rail."

Rob does so, looking down at the highway. The camera shows it's very busy, and the cars are moving fast.

"Get ready to step forward, and...go!"

Rob does so and falls out of frame, and within a second there is a loud thump and the screeching of tires. The camera moves forward to peer over the railing and the dark shape of a human body can be seen flying down the highway, tumbling over and over for dozens of feet. Finally, it comes to its final rest.

"Bye, Rob." A pause as the camera swings around and down. "Now how do I get the memory card out of this thing?"

---

The previous footage is property of the Macon County Sheriff's Office. It was found on a memory card in the possession of an unidentified male who collapsed in a high end restaurant. The male remains unconscious and has been diagnosed with a brain tumor. Given how extensive the tumor is the doctors are unable to operate and expect that he will never regain consciousness.

In attempting to ascertain the male's identity the memory card was reviewed by hospital staff. Given its contents it was forwarded to us.

The patient appears to be a few years older than the "Jake" on the video. While there was no cash or credit cards found on his person, and therefore no way for him to pay for his meal, it is this officer's opinion that the video is a fake "found footage" pornographic movie. Possibly the "dine and dash" in progress was part of another such movie and whoever was filming it ran when "Jake" collapsed.

Nothing paranormal was happening here...mind control doesn't exist, and no additional departmental resources should be wasted on this case.

Personal note: Hey Dan, can I get a copy?

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com).
