And get to work they do. Tarrant and Alice are poked, prodded, jabbed at. If he and Alice had not directly asked for this treatment themselves, Tarrant would have been tempted to say they are downright terrorized. Even having a vague inclination of what to expect does not prepare him for the downright determined ferocity with which the two humming birds set about their task.

His gratitude and pride and fierce exhilaration at the idea that he and Alice are even at this step, are here, are that much closer to...to being... is all that keeps his mood from slipping into Level Orange Irritation.

"Yeowch! That hair was still attached!" Alice jerks away from Humbert, her hazel eyes watering.

Apparently, his Intended is not quite so enamored as he.

She will be , he Vows to himself. He does not know, despite his Promise to her outside the Queen's study, if he will be able to stand touching her otherwise. To be so close to having what he desires most, but yet not truly have her—!

"And how's everyone coming along?" a drawl suddenly emerges from the soft buzzing of humming bird wings.

Tarrant looks up and blinks just as Humbert gives a very inelegant screech of surprise. (Yes, Tarrant supposes suddenly finding oneself beak-to-sharp floating Cheshire grin would be rather alarming... especially when the latter is seen on that particular scale and at such close range.)

Humbert seems to freeze in the air.

And then...

Tarrant shifts his attention and glares at Chessur, ready to settle the blame on him for giving the Locksmith an apoplexy – and now how will he and Alice have their Locks made! Slurvish Cat! – for no better reason than boredom and catty sadism, when another exclamation pierces the tense, chilly silence.

"Oh, I'm so sorry! And…oh, no!"

Tarrant glances back toward his Intended and Humbert as the bird hum-babbles in a rapid stream of what sounds like apoplectic apology: "Frightened the... well, I was simply... so focused you see and a fright like that... I'm terribly sorry, Lady Alice, why I... Cats do this to birds, you know! Totally involuntary response!"

Despite the litany, Tarrant still does not understand what had caused the Locksmith to prostrate himself so... until he notices the direction of Alice's gaze.

A small, wet, white spot that had not been there before decorates her shoulder. Alice's face takes on an almost greenish cast as she raises it to give a hard, disbelieving blink at the offender hovering nervously by her shoulder. She shudders. Only after that does she turn her attention to Tarrant. She gives him the same long, slow blink she presented to Humbert, and shudders again.

Chessur declares, " Well, my work here is done..." And then wisps away as quickly as he had interrupted and frightened the... er... stuffings out of poor Humbert... who is still looking rather mortified over the mishap.

The Hatter, for his part, is completely unrepentant in his mirthful glee.

"At least it's not a brick?" he suggests helpfully.

Hazel eyes narrowing dangerously at him, Alice visibly checks the urge to swat either hummingbird near her ear or himself. "On my dress, Hatter. Right on my shoulder."

"He apologized," Tarrant temporizes, seeing that this may turn into an Unfortunate Instance of Muchness Run Amok if he is not careful. (He's experienced that exactly once since Alice's return to Underland, and once was more than enough. Apparently, salt-instead-of-sugar during morning tea is not something that should ever occur when the Champion is present.)

"Is this not of an…unusual size?" Her mouth wobbles. "For a bird of his stature?"

"No, not at all. He is a humming bird."

"And part of what distinguishes them from other birds is the size of their shukm?"

A chortle tickles the back of Tarrant's mouth at Alice's awkward use of Outlandish. He wonders if she realizes that, technically, the word is coarse slang. Wonders, and then dismisses, because even if she did know, Alice would not be fussed about using it. Sailors in Above, she'd informed him one day, had quite salty language, and she'd picked up some of their more colorful terms during her time being ship-bound. (This had made perfect sense to the Hatter, as they do sail upon the sea, which is well know for its saltiness.)

"In London, a bird of that size would never have… would produce… it would not be this large of a splatter!"

Mouth twitching, (he would not laugh!) Tarrant informs her, "This is not London."

Alice turns forward, frown creasing her face with displeasure. She twists back to him, and unbeknownst to her, a thick lock of her blond hair trails through the mess the bird had gifted her with. Humbert hums with anxious distress at the... exacerbation of the... Issue.

"He apologized?" she confirms. "Are you sure that's what he hummed?"

Tarrant nods, his lips pressing together into a tight line. He must not laugh.

"You may tell him I accept, then," she says petulantly, and reassumes her head-forward-for-proper-hair-collection position. The same lock of hair drags back through the... mess; it is now streaked brownish white at the tips.

Another giggle creeps, sneaks, crawls up his throat and escapes out his mouth. He claps his hands to his face, but it is much too late. The giggle turns into a guffaw, and soon he is laughing hard enough that his sides ache.

Alice continues to sit, glaring.

"I fail to see what is so humorous, Hatter," she says warningly.

"You don't! That's precisely what is!"

"Did he really apologize?" The suspicion in her voice is almost precious, would be precious, if not for what it insinuates.

"Of course!" The laughter freezes in his throat. He swallows, but it remains right there, a block of ice. He's surprised his breath does not visibly fog the air as he says, "Alice, I wouldn't lie to you."

A shade of guilt seems to pass over her face as she looks down at her hands. The hummingbirds cautiously resume their task, darting back and forth and selecting hairs. This continues for a little while, and Tarrant is almost desperate to know what Alice is thinking.

He also feels surprise at the fact that Chessur is not making a nuisance of himself... again; the Cat so loves to point out any Flaws that he perceives of Tarrant's. Why it ought to be impossible for their chaperone to keep his mouth shut during this current silence. A look to where Chessur had last been seen reveals the reason for the continued silence; he is corporal once more, flat on his back with his large, fluffy belly in the air, and fast asleep.

"I apologize, Hatter."

He sighs a small puff of relief-tinged air. It will be fine. Alice is not pondering how upset she is with him!

"That hair was still attached as well!" Alice yelps, rubbing at the spot atop her head said hair must have been culled from. But then something seems to catch her attention – perhaps out of the corner of her eye – and she slowly lowers her arms. Tarrant can see her slender throat swallow convulsively.

Then he Sees where her eyes are fixed: right upon the foreign whiteness in her hair.

"Would you… excuse me, please?" she asks, standing up slowly. Her eyes never leave her own hair. Stumbling a bit over her own feet (no doubt due to the lack of attention she's paying them; feet are awfully dependent appendages) she exits quietly.

"Erm… mayhap we shall continue with the hair Collection at a later date?" Mulinda inquires. The constant drone of her wings frenetically flapping nearly drowns out her hesitant hum. Nearly.

"To-morrow, perhaps?" He hates the idea of delaying the Collection any longer than necessary.

"If I may be so bold as to make a suggestion?" Humbert interjects. "Perhaps my apprentice and I could visit each morning during your time of grooming? That way we can collect stray hairs, and not disturb our fair Champion with…our current Collection process."

"How much longer would that take?" Tarrant touches his throat gingerly. It is starting to become a bit sore from all of this humming.

"A day, perhaps two."

"And then another one or two for the crafting of the lock," he says, in Common Underlandian. He is tempted to say no, to say that he and Alice will be back to-morrow so that they may finish this aspect of their Courting as quickly as possible. Then he recalls the look of discomfort on Alice's face, the way her nose had scrunched up, the small grunts under her breath that she'd tried to hide when Humbert selected a hair that was not ready to fall out…

"Yes, that will likely be for the best," he hum-sighs. Humbert nods at him, then goes to two separate piles of hair already waiting for he and his apprentice.

"Don't be so long in the face, you! We'll just get started with this bit, and work as we go with what we Collect. How's that sound, gov?"

"You'd do that?" Tarrant knows that humming bird locksmiths have the reputation for being very particular, both about the gifts they receive for their work, and about having all the supplies (namely, the hair) Collected and ready to use before they begin crafting the Lock.

Humbert hum-mumbles something, his tiny feather ruffling. Then he says, a bit more coherently, "Yes, yes, of course! Mulinda will stop by your Lady's room to-morrow morning, and I myself will be visiting you. Now on you go, gov. We've got work to do!"

Tarrant goes.