Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 14 - Mikey Gets a Dare (Part 9)

Please indulge me while I tell you a little story. In the early 19th century, a group of like-minded people came together in a rural part of what was then the American frontier. The people were agrarian in nature and shared similar opinions on hard work, family, and religion. A prosperous new community soon developed centered on these ideals.

Able to sustain themselves, the people, who came to call themselves The Faithful Believers had little need to engage in the events of the outside world which they often saw as a temptation to rebel against their values. Somewhat insulated from greater society, the community grew and flourished for over a hundred years. In that time, a distinctly conservative culture, out of sync with modern society, developed. The result was not unlike something you might find in an Amish settlement.

In 1926, following several years of particularly bountiful harvests, the Believers learned about a severe famine affecting the poorest parts of central Africa. Many members of the group were moved to do something about it. So, they sent missionaries along with large quantities of crops and farming equipment with the goal to convert the heathens and teach them how to grow food for themselves.

Initially, the mission was a great success as the missionaries were able to deliver their supplies to those most in need of aid. They were invited to live among the people and found them receptive to learning about better farming and water conservation techniques.

The missionaries were surprised to find that, while the people there did live relatively simple lives, their culture and traditions were far from primitive. They wrote lengthy letters back home describing in vivid detail all aspects of their experiences living in the heart of Africa.

Back in America, every letter was received with great joy and passed around among all the families to be read aloud. But sadly, this story does not have a happy ending. The last letter the Believers ever received mentioned strife growing within the tribe. Some sort of cultural misunderstanding had occurred which the missionaries were having trouble translating.

After that, the letters simply stopped arriving. Efforts were made to reach out and learn what had happened to the missionaries. But the investigators who were sent returned to report that, tragically, the missionaries had been slaughtered and all the gifted farm equipment had been utterly destroyed.

Considering the mission a shameful failure, the church leaders had the once cherished letters bound into a book. The book was placed in a far corner of a church library to be forgotten.

Many years later, a girl with a rather unusual name was born and raised in their community along with her sisters. One of the most unorthodox traditions of the Faithful Believers was the naming of their children. Rather than the parents choosing their children's names, the elders of the faith would come together in prayer whenever a baby was born until they received what they claimed was a revelation from the Lord. To an outsider, it might seem like they had just gone through an old Bible and picked from big, important sounding words. But the practice stuck around because it had served the Believers well for generations.

The elders thought that, by bestowing an important or positive religious quality on a person, the baby would be supernaturally imbued with that quality. A skeptic could argue that it was simply a result of the quality being nurtured in a person from a young age and that there was nothing supernatural about it. After all, if everyone called a kid "Clumsy" his whole life, what are the odds that kid would grow up to be a juggler? Still, no matter how it happened, it was uncanny how often a baby grew up to embody their assigned qualities.

So, while Fervid Supplication might sound like quite a strange name for a young lady, within the community of Faithful Believers, it made perfect sense. It was also an accepted practice, especially when your given name was a mouthful, to find a way to abbreviate it. This made interactions with people outside the community less difficult. In short, Fervid Supplication went by something much simpler: Cate.

One day, charged with finding some subject her home-schooled siblings could study as a research project, Cate paid a visit to the little library in town. Coming across the mysterious book, forgotten, and gathering dust in a remote shelf, she began reading it and became hooked. Living in a patriarchally oriented community, the list of appropriate topics of study for girls was rather small. But church history and missions were very much allowed, and even encouraged.

Taking it home, she and her sisters grew fascinated by the stories in those letters, especially the vivid cultural descriptions of daily life in the village. They were also convicted, even those many years later, that something should be done to help those poor African farmers and their families.

Scrutinizing the limited information provided by the letters, the girls pieced together, as best they could, a composite of the culture described by the missionaries. They developed a presentation demonstrating various aspects of tribal living - particularly what young women and girls of the tribe might experience day to day.

The community elders granted the girls permission, under Cate's supervision, to go into neighborhoods of larger cities and towns nearby. The girls planned to go house to house and present their finished project; asking people to donate until they had raised enough money for another African aid package.

And that's the story of how, in the middle of my naked dare, a group of girls came to be standing on our porch that day. Our neighborhood just happened to be the very first one they stopped at. And Lucy was the first person willing to listen to their pitch without closing the door in their face.

Lucy insisted we didn't have any money to spare. But Cate felt passionate about such a worthy cause and would not be deterred. She saw an opportunity in Lucy for her sisters to practice and hone their pitch to future potential supporters.

"No money is required," she assured my sister, "I would not burden you with such expectations. However, some of my sisters are a little nervous about performing their parts. Giving them the opportunity to practice in front of another girl their age would be an immense help to our cause. Also, I fear we have made our presentation too long and need to trim back some areas. Do you think you could help us with that?"

That's when Lucy had said, "Why didn't you say so? Sure, we can be your audience! Why don't you all come inside and meet my brother?"

At that, she unceremoniously swung the door wide open and finally revealed her naked brother to the entire group. I'm pretty sure my soul left my body as three more girls were treated to everything I had to offer for the first time. There were now six cute girls of various ages standing in a semi-circle just outside our open front door.

I was seconds away from all the girls piercing my last cushion of modesty, the short distance separating us. Once they entered the room, they would be able to inspect every intimate detail of my naked cock from every angle. My sole focus in that moment became getting my embarrassingly stiff penis to go down, even a little bit, before that happened.

Overwhelmed in my shame, I turned once again to the only coping method available to me. I closed my eyes, letting the darkness envelop my world, and tried to turn my shaky breaths into ones of relaxation.

After several deep, calming breaths, I finally felt it move. I must have looked ridiculous to them, standing there meditating while the bulging tip of my penis began to droop inch by agonizing inch.

Having been raised to respect hospitality and not be rude, the girls hesitantly accepted Lucy's invitation by inching their way into the room despite the naked boy standing inside. By then, my shaft had lowered from its fully erect position to a lower angle but refused to yield any further. Riviera Dave's stubborn chemicals still coursing through my system insisted on keeping me in a semi-hard state.

The nervous tension was palpable as everyone stood in an awkward silence for a few seconds. Fortunately, our foyer was large enough for everyone to fit and to keep a buffer between each of them and the naked male.

Lucy finally addressed the naked elephant in the room by saying, "this is my little brother, Mikey. He was helping me in the garden and got dirt everywhere! We were just on the way to get him cleaned up. But I guess his bath can wait until after your presentation."

My eyes shot open when I heard her refer to me as her "little brother". What a ridiculous lie! Wasn't it obvious that I was older and more mature than her? Then again, my shaved privates were sending mixed signals of immaturity.

The trusting girls had no reason not to believe Lucy's lies about being older than me as well as her innocuous explanation for my lack of clothes. After all, her "sibling in charge" responsibilities already included being the one to answer the door. Why not add unilaterally making decisions about her little brother's bath schedule while she's at it?

Despite being asked to believe my nudity was a simple matter of inopportune timing - they just happened to interrupt a big sister about to give her little brother a bath - they kept their distance from the naked boy for obvious reasons. The oldest of the group, having been charged with everyone's safety, seemed most bothered by certain prominent incongruities.

For one, I towered over Lucy. In fact, I was as tall or taller than everyone in the room. Sure, I had a hungry, underfed frame which might be mistaken as childish from a distance. But upon closer scrutiny, my naked body sported sinewy, teenage muscles rippling beneath the skin all over.

But an even more conspicuous puzzle was my bulging manhood. A boy might pop a stiffy from time to time. But a pre-pubescent boy capable of sporting a massive, eight-inch erection? While I was no longer fully erect, every beat of my strong heart was still being transmitted into my member. Now hovering parallel to the ground, my thick member swayed back and forth in the air like it was trying to conduct an orchestra while drunk.

To any observer, me being her little brother was surely a hard story to swallow. If not for my sister's casual attitude about my nude state, my lack of pubic hair, and my passive, nonthreatening demeanor, the girls probably would have run screaming from the house by now.

Finally, after a few awkward seconds where it felt like everyone was just staring at me, the oldest one seemed to make up her mind. I think, with every second that ticked by that nothing bad happened, she grew more at-ease until she was comfortable enough with the strange circumstances to at least risk proceeding.

Deciding that our foyer was big enough to accommodate, the leader put the girls to work hauling in their equipment from the porch and preparing for the presentation. Lucy offered her services and directed traffic, but I wasn't allowed to lift a finger to help. My job was to stand as still as a statue and provide a boost to morale.

They carried in a hand-woven basket filled to the brim with supplies as well as a tin tub that was big enough for a small child to sit in, and a large cooking pot overflowing with dry goods and spices. While they were unpacking, the girls found every excuse to stop and appreciate my nude display. I was bothered by the excited whispers being constantly passed between them. My ears burned knowing I was the subject of their hushed conversations.

With everyone’s help, except mine, everything was soon setup, and they were ready to begin.


