Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Devil's Pact Chapter 1: The Baristas
Summary: Mark makes a deal with the devil and sets out to have fun
Keywords: MF FF MF+ mc rim anal oral job magic


Thursday, June 6th, 2013  Mark Glassner  Southern Pierce County

	That's it? I asked, my thumb still throbbing from the pen prick.

	That's it, the Devil answered jovially, putting the contract into his satchel. Well, I'll be going. Unless you have any more questions, Mark?

	There was an awkward pause as I tried to think, but I was still too amazed that it actually workedthat it wasn't some huge prank. I had summoned the Devil, and he appeared and appeared to have granted me three wishes in exchange for my soul.

	After 27 years of life, I still hadn't gotten laid. Not even a handjob from a girl feeling sorry for me. I wasn't an ugly guy, just average looking. Well, I was a little overweight. It was just that I was painfully shy around women. I guess it was a mix of a lack of confidence, nervousness around strangers, and a fear of rejection that led to my current status: virgin. If I was being honest, my number one problem is fear of rejection. I only ever had the courage to tell one girl I liked her. That's nice, was her kick-in-the-balls response. And the older I got, the more pathetic it seemed. What girl would want to date a guy my age with zero experience.

	It was that soul-crushing desperation that brought me out to this lonely crossroad, at midnight, in the forested foothills of the Cascade Mountains.

	I had read that if you buried a box containing certain items  a photograph of yourself, dirt from a graveyard, bone of a black cat, and a yarrow flower  at a crossroad at midnight, you could summon the Devil. In exchange for your soul, the Devil would grant you three wishes. Feeling ridiculous, I had gathered the items and buried a shoe box full of them where two gravel roads crossed.

	And I waited, feeling like a complete moron. 

	And waited. 

	And waited. 

	Eternity seemed past; my stomach twisted into knots. I was just about to leave when the Devil appeared, stepping out of the shadows. I was stunnedmy thoughts scattered at his appearance. He walked towards me, a handsome man, dark hair, dressed in an expensive black suit. He had a broad, friendly smile. Not the oily, fake smile a used-car salesmen wears as he tries to sell you a lemon, but an honest and very genuine grin. The only thing unusual about him was the scarlet of his eyes.

	Hello, Mark Glassner. What can I do for you, tonight? the Devil asked pleasantly.

	I  uh   I stammered painfully, surprise tangling my tongue. He waited patiently as I gathered my thoughts. This was actually happening; my hands were drenched in sweat and I wiped them on my slacks. I want to make some wishes.

	Of course, of course, he said; his tone was matter-of-fact. For the Devil, this was just business as usual and nothing to get excited about. What would you like?

	I swallowed; my voice cracked as I told him my first wish: A long, healthy life. 

	The Devil nodded, That's good one. The second?

	Sexual stamina, I said, my cheeks reddening in embarrassment. I want to be able to...uh...perform as many times as I want.

	Again the Devil nodded his head; there was understanding in his eyesnot judgment. Feeling more confident, I told him my third wish: I want people to do whatever I tell them to do in a friendly and helpful manner. The Devil grinneda predatory, hungry smile and for the first time I felt unease curdling my stomach. I swallowed my nerves; I wanted my wishes to badly to stop now. Do we have a deal? 

	With a flash of scarlet light and yellow smoke, a contract appeared in his hand. The smoke smell acrid and foul, like rotten eggs. Look it over, he said as he handed me the contract. 

	I did. The contract seemed straightforward: three wishes for my soul. It seemed cheap. What was my soul really worth? What had I done with my life? Nothing. All I had to show for it was a cheap, one bedroom apartment, a shitty car, and a terrible job trying to sell vacuum cleaners to stuck-up, rich bitches. I nodded and with a flourish, the Devil produced an old fashioned, black fountain pen. He pricked my thumb with the it; I signed the contract in my own blood. 

	Then the Devil signed in his.

	Well, I'll be going. Unless you have any more questions, Mark?

	The Devil took my silence as a no. With a friendly smile, he vanished back into the shadows. And it hit me, what I just done. I stumbled under the weight of my actions, bumping back into my beat-up old Ford Taurus. I made a Pact with the fucking Devil. It was so surreal, I was starting to suspect I was dreaming. One of those dreams that were so real it was only after you woke up that you realized just how absurd it really was. My legs felt weak, wobbly like a newborn animal. I set heavily on my car's trunk, the shocks squeaking as my weight rocked it, and I stared up at the stars as they wheeled across the night sky. 

	This was going to change everything. I thought about what I would do with my powers and fantasies flashed through my mind: getting even with people, living a life of luxury, and getting laid. I smiled, definitely getting laid. I made plans, playing out scenarios over and over in my mind. I would need money, a new car, a nice place to live. And most importantly, which girls did I want to fuck? Where would I find the hottest girls around here? How many would I want to keep as my personal toys?

	Before I knew it, the sun was rising, blushing the horizon pinka shy maid.

	As I watched the sun, I felt different. I felt like I had been taken apart and stitched back together as I watched the stars travel across the night sky. I was remadereborn. Better than I had been. I was no longer that virgin loser from yesterday; I had a whole new life ahead of me. I was someone now. Smiling, I slid into my car, started the engine, and peeled out down the gravel road to find this new life.

	I drove back into civilization, passing shopping centers on the edge of Spanaway. I was a mix of excitement and exhaustion. I felt like I could sleep the day away, but I was far too excited to put my powers to the use and finally get laid for that. Seeing one of the many Starbucks  I swear they were on ever street corner in Washington State  I realized I could fulfill both of those desires. Getting some desperately needed caffeine was just the a pleasant bonus.

	I was nervous as I entered the coffeehouse and doubt started gnawing away at my confidence. All the certainty I felt watching the sun rise was leaking out of the holes my doubt had made. This wasn't going to work, echoed in my mind. Last night was a dream. A hallucination. Some horribly, elaborate prank at my expense. Possibly with hidden cameras and some Ryan Seacrest look-a-like about to ambush me and broadcast my humiliation to the world as part of some terrible reality TV show.

	The Starbucks was crowded with people on their way to work. Three baristas worked the shop. A nerdy looking guy and two, attractive women, all dressed in the baggy, black polo shirts tucked into black pants. Over such drab uniforms, they all wore the trademarked, green aprons with the Starbuck's mermaid embroidered in white. The first barista  whose nametag read 'Cynthia'  was a tall women, mid twenties, with black hair cut short in a vaguely punkish style. Both her nose and her right eyebrow  above dark eyes  were pierced with gold rings; all these featured combined to give her face a certain predatory wildness. 

	The second female barista  Mary, who was maybe nineteen or twenty  stood a little shorter than Cynthia, with long, auburn hair pulled back into pony tail, and a heart-shaped face dotted with freckles. God, I loved redheads. Our eyes met, hers were a deep emerald, and I felt a foolish grin broadening my face. She returned my smile, gorgeous dimples appearing on her smooth cheeks transforming her face from simply beautiful to absolutely stunning.

	I got in line behind a cute twenty-year old. Curly, brunette hair fell about her purple hoodie. My eyes traveled down her back to stare at perky ass covered by a jean skirt; long, tan legs, well-toned, peaked out beneath the frayed edges of the skirt. Staring at the bubbly ass, I wanted to reach out and squeeze itmy cock hardened. 

	Gathering my courage, I croaked out, Hi.

	The brunette turned, eyed me up and politely smiled, before turning back.

	I can do this, I told myself. You're a new man. Reborn. I cleared my throat. Hi, I'm Mark. What's your name?

	This time the brunette's smile was far friendlier. Vivian Anders, she answer; her voice had a smokey, sultry quality about it.

	The holes my doubt gnawed were patched over with fresh confidencethis was going to work. What color are your panties?

	Vivian blinked, clearly taken-aback. White, with pink polka dots. Her tan face flushed. Why did I say that, she whispered; mortified. 

	It's all right, I told her, grinning. It actually worked. I could do anything I wanted. No-one could stop me. You want to please me, don't you. Nothing makes you happier than to please me.

	She nodded, embarrassment fading and her smile growing. What else can I do for you, Mark?

	Can I have everyone's attention! I yelled, loud, confident. The entire shop full of people turned to face me. The coffee-shop is closed now. Everyone except the staff and Vivian, need to leave. Staff, lock up the store and close the blinds.

	There was some grumbling from the customers, and a few clearly seemed confused as they walked out of the shop, wondering why they were listening to some random guy. The staff seemed even more confused as they followed y commands and closed the store. Who are you? asked the male barista, who's nametag read 'Ethan'.

	Mark, I answered. And we're going to have a party. Cynthia gave me a wicked smile, Mary a nervous smile, and Vivian bounced on her heels in excitement, clearly eager to please me. Fuck, this was amazing.

	Once the store was locked up, I gathered everyone together. I handed my smart phone to Ethan. You're going to film this, I told. You're not going to speak, make noise, or get in the way. You're just going to film. You're not going to get excited or aroused. Okay.

	Ethan nodded; brows furrowed in consternation, but he took the phone without saying a word. I turned to the ladies and smiled at them. Vivian, Mary, and Cynthia, from now on, nothing in the world makes you happier than to please me.

	What would please you, Mark? Cynthia purred, licking her lips. She was definitely a wild girl.

	How about you lovely ladies take off your clothes, I answered. Let me see those hot bodies of yours.

	Cynthia gave a wicked laugh, untied her apron, and quickly pulled her black top off, exposing pale breasts cupped in a black bra. There was a tattoo of a pouncing tiger that ran from below her left breast, down across her stomach, and disappearing into her pants. Flushing a beautiful crimson, Mary pulled her black polo over her head and revealing small breasts covered by a plain, white bra. Vivian's hoodie and shirt were already on the floor and she reached back to unhook her white bra, her large tits straining against the material, waiting to be set free. My was cock painfully hard in my pants; this was happening. 

	I was about to lose my virginity to three hot girls I just met! 

	Mary kicked off her shoes and sliding her pants down her slim legs. Like her bra, her panties were a plain, boring white. I glanced at Cynthia and saw my first pair of live tits. They were perky and firm, a nice handful. Maybe a B-cup. Her nipples were hard and her areolas were the size of quarters. With the bra off, I cold see the tiger's tail wrap around the bottom of her breast, up the left side and ending just above her areola. She unbuttoned her tight pants and with a sexy shake, shimmed them off her hips. Underneath was a black, skimpy thong. I could see her tiger tattoo continued across her waist and around onto her right asscheek. Then she pulled her thong off and twirled it on her fingers, and tossed it to me. 

	Naked, Cynthia placed her hands on her hips, and gave me a challenging, lust filled stare. 

	Her pussy was beautiful. Fully shaved. Red lips slight spread, hinting at the warm, wet depths. A small voice whispered at the back of my mind, telling me this was wrong. I ignored it. I was a new man. I didn't need to feel guilt anymore. My cock ached, wanting to plunge into her juicy depths. 

	I turned to Vivian and her tits  large and full and clearly were a pair of C's  were free now, as tan the rest of her fine body, except for two triangular patches covering her dark nipples. Clearly she didn't tan topless. Her panties were indeed white and covered in pink polka dots. Vivian stepped out her panties, revealing a neatly trimmed, brunette bush and the tan lines left by her bikini bottoms. 

	I looked to beautiful Mary, with her enchanting eyes, and watched her fumble with her bra's clasp; her face was almost as red as her hair with the exertion. Clasp finally undone, she shyly slid the straps off her shoulders and revealed small, perky breasts  B cups  spotted with freckles and dusky-pink, turgid nipples.

	I grinned at her, Very nice tits, Mary.

	She smiled back, Thanks. Confidence ballooned in Mary. She stood up straighter, her perky breasts thrust out. Her fingers slid into her plain, white panties waistband and quickly pulled them off. Her pussy was hidden by a forest of bright auburn, and very curly, pubic hair. 

	I pulled my shirt off and quickly dropped my pants and underwear. Cynthia licked her lips hungrily as she stared at my cock, a vixen in heat. I stared at each of them. Cynthia the most confident and Mary the more reserved. All three were gorgeous. All there were going to be mine.

	Umm, you girls are hot, I told them. Mary giggled and somehow Cynthia's grin grew even more wicked. Turn around for me. Let me see those asses. Three beautiful asses faced me. Vivian's tanned and toned, Cynthia's slim and tattooed, and Mary's pleasantly plump and round. Bend over, ladies. 

	They bent over; it was an amazing sight: Cynthia's shaved lips glistened with her juices and a gold ring pierced the middle of her labia; Vivian's brunette pubes were matted with juices, while her lips were parted, exposing her juicy depths; and Mary's auburn pussy hair was thinner around her pussy, her lips tight, clitoris peaking out pink and hard. All three were so beautiful. They weren't the perfect, airbrushed sluts you saw in pornos; they were real, naked girls and that made them far more attractive. 

	Am I making you happy? Vivian husked in her smokey voice, peering sultry over her shoulder at me, wiggling that tight ass.

	Are we? Mary asked; a catch of fear in her voice. Are we making you happy?

	I reached out and rubbed Mary's ass, giving the plump flesh a nice squeeze. All three of you are making me so happy. Relief spread on Mary's face, her beautiful smile deepening. She was my favorite, I realized as a squeezed that ass. She was special. So happy. 

	Not wanting to leave the other girls out I caressed Vivian's ass, fingers dipping towards her pussy. Then I moved over to Cynthia's smooth ass, tracing the tiger tattoo across her asscheek. You're a dirty girl, aren't you Cynthia? I asked, grabbing her pussy ring and pulling gently at it.

	She gasped.. So dirty! I'm a naughty, dirty girl.

	I bet you've fucked another woman before? 

	She licked her lips. I love to eat pussy almost as much as I love to suck cock!

	I grabbed Vivian's arm and, as I led her to a nearby chair, I asked Cynthia, I bet you've always wanted to eat Mary's tight pussy?

	Cynthia eyed Mary, who gave a nervous laugh and shrank away from her co-worker's hungry gaze. I've frigged my clit in the walk-in thinking about that sweet face between my thighs.

	I sat down at the chain, pushing Vivian down on her knees before me. Cynthia walked with a predator's hunger towards Mary, who took an involuntary step back, glancing over at me. This will make you happy, Mark? she asked, voice tight with nerves.

	I want to watch that slut make you cum, Mary! I groaned as Vivian's hands slowly stroked my cock with a firm, pleasing grip. I looked down to see Vivian's tanned face staring up at, lips moist, eyes shining with lust. Her tongue flicked out, grazing the head of my cock, pleasure twitching through my shaft. Her tongue left wet trails as she licked up my dick, ending briefly at my head, giving it a quick, teasing suck, before starting at the bottom all over again. While her mouth drove me wild her fingers gently cupped my balls, rolling them between her fingers.

	I watched Mary shake as Cynthia stood before her. She was clearly scared at the idea of fucking a woman, but wanted so desperately to please me; to make me happy. Cynthia reached out, tracing black-painted fingernail across Mary's right breast, drawing a line down to her nipple, rubbing and pinching it between her fingers. Mary gasped and jumped at the sensation, nervously licking her lips.

	See, it's not so bad, baby, Cynthia cooed. Her other hand grasped Mary by the hip and pulled her close, groins and nipples pressing together. I've wanted to fuck you so bad! Cynthia hissed between kisses on Mary's neck, working her way up to her ear. Ever since I walked in on you changing. Redhead's make me so wet. I had to jill off in the walk-in after I saw you half-naked. I just stuck my hands down my pants and pinched my clit. Umm, I came so hard thinking about your tongue up my twat!

	Vivian's wet mouth fully engulfed my cock, sucking hard, and electricity raced through my body. It was so amazingmasturbation paled in comparison with a hot chick sucking your cock. Her lips moved up and down, tongue swirling about the tip. 

	Cynthia ground on Mary, kissing her way along Mary's cheekbone to her lips. Aggressively she kissed her shy co-worker, shoving her tongue into Mary's mouth and her hands squeezing Mary's plump ass. Mary's arms wrapped around Cynthia, holding tightly to her as they kissed, both girls moaning into each other's lips as Mary's hips started writhing in passion.

	Cynthia pushed the auburn-haired girl back until she sat down on the edge of a table. Mary was breathing hard; her whole body was flushed crimson and her eyes closed. Cynthia kissed and bit at her neck, moving down to her tits. Hands groped Mary's breasts, squeezing and caressing. Fingers toyed with her hard nipples as Cynthia kissed lower and lower. She licked Mary's left nipple then sucked it into her eager mouth and played with the hard nub with her tongue. Cynthia's right hand slid down Mary's stomach and disappeared between her thighs. She gasped as Cynthia's fingers played with her pussy, body quaking in pleasure.

	Cynthia's fingers came away glistening with Mary's juices. She smeared the juices on Mary's right nipple before sucking it with gusto, while her hand returned to Mary's pussy. Her finger's hooked and Mary jumped as they penetrated her cunt. The auburn-haired girl moaned shrilly, yelling each time Cynthia's fingers pumped into her hot twat. 

	Cynthia pulled her sticky fingers out of Mary's cunt, holding them before Mary's lips. You taste so good! Cynthia moaned. Taste yourself.

	Mary's tongue flicked out hesitantly, gathering her dewy fluids off Cynthia's fingers. I do, she whispered in amazement. She smiled and sucked Cynthia's fingers into her mouth, savoring her pussy's taste.

	Vivian sucked harder on my cock, bobbing up and down. It was wet and warm and so wonderful. I stroked her silky hair and moaned. I watched Cynthia kneel on the floor before Mary, spreading her white legs apart and exposing her curly red pubes, matted with juices. Mary's eyes shot open and her back arched as Cynthia nosily began to eat out her cunt. Cynthia's tongue was licking, tasting her pussy, caressing the lips and clit. Then her fingers began fucking Mary 

	Its so good! Mary screamed at the top of her lungs. Oh my God! It's so good! Eat me! Oh God! I'm gonna cum! Oh fucking God, yes!

	Mary's toes curled and her body went rigid, hands grasping Cynthias head, as she came with a loud yell. She was so beautiful, a freckled face angel; my cock exploded, several squirts of my cum filling Vivian's mouth. I breathed heavily and looked down at the brunette slut who smiled up at me, cum glistening on her lips, and in her open mouth a pool of white swam on her tongue. 

	She swallowed my spunk. Was it good, Mark? she asked. Did I make you happy. 

	I nodded, too overwhelmed by my first blowjob to speak. She smiled and started to clean the remaining cum of my cock.

	Mary had cum once, but Cynthia showed no signs of stopping. She had both arms wrapped around Mary's thighs, her mouth shoved hard against her pussy, tongue-fucking the redhead. Mary was hissing a constant stream of, Oh my God! Eat me! Oh God! 

	My cock began to harden again as I watched Mary cum over and over, her perky breasts heaving, before she collapsed in exhaustion back on the table. Cynthia let her go and stood up; her face smeared in pussy juices, and her thighs stained with the fluids leaking from her own cunt.

	You made me happy, Mary. Did you like getting your cunt eaten? I asked.

	Breathless, she nodded. I didn't know a woman could make me cum so hard.

	Didn't you know? I asked. You've always loved women. You love their firm breasts, hard nipples, round asses, and juicy cunts. The only thing you love more than fucking a woman is fucking me.

	Mary eyed Cynthia's body, realization dawning on her. You're so beautiful, Cynthia. How have I never seen how hot you are before?

	Blind? Cynthia giggled.

	Why don't you return the favor, Mary, I told her. Eat her pussy. Make her cum. Look how wet she is.

	I'm so wet for you, baby, Cynthia purred, fingers playing with her clit and rubbing her shaved pussy. Come taste my honey.

	My cock was hard and ready to go again  clearly my second wish for sexual stamina worked  and I looked down at Vivian still gently licking at my cock. Sit on my dick, Vivian, and fuck me!

	Oh hun, I though you'd never ask, Vivian moaned in that sexy, smokey voice of hers. 

	She rose up, ponderous breasts and hard nipples jiggling before my face, as she straddled my hips. My hand grabbed one, feeling the firm orb, while I buried my face in those titties. They were smooth as silk save for hard nipples that wonderfully rubbed on my cheeks. Her hand was on my cock, steering it towards the warmth of her cunt. I groaned as the wet lips of her pussy engulfed the head of my cock and slowly lowered down my shaft.

	Jesus! I moaned. I was in a woman. It felt fucking amazing! A warm, tight wetness encased me; the walls of her pussy soft and velvety. It was too much for me. I bit her nipple as I came inside her.

	Fuck yeah! Vivian yelled, Fill my hot cunt with your spunk. It's so warm. Her hips rose and fell, rotating about my still hard cock, plunging me over and over into her sopping sheath. I grasped her ass, squeezing her firm cheeks and threw my head back in pleasure. I didn't even get soft after cumming; her warm cunt  and my wish  kept me rigid as a steel I-beam. 

	Vivian hugged me tightly now, fucking me hard as her tits rubbed against my chest. Her hot lips brushed me ear and she hissed, Oh Mark! Your cock feel so fucking great in my twat! Oh fuck! Oh goddamn fuck! I'm so happy that I get to fuck you! So goddamn happy!

	I looked to my left and saw Cynthia sitting on a table edge with her legs spread wide, while her fingers played with her hard nipples. Mary knelt before Cynthia, her face inches from Cynthia's wet cunt. As she knelt, the auburn-haired girl's plump ass faced me and I could just see a hint of red, furred pussy peaking shyly between slim, pale thighs. 

	Start by licking up my slit, the wild girl instructed Mary. Give my clit a little flick and start over at the bottom. Mary's head moved in and Cynthia groaned, throwing her head back and closing her eyes in pleasure. How do I taste, baby?

	Mary giggled, Sweet and tarty, before she dived back in.

	Uhh, Cynthia moaned, That's because I'm such a dirty tart. Dig into my pussy with your tongue now, dig in deep. Oh, yeah! Just like that!

	Vivian started doing a twist with her hips, fucking me hard and slow now. Oh, god that's great, slut! I hissed into her ear. 

	She leaned away from me, arms grasping my shoulders, face contorting in pleasure. Do you like it! Do you like my dirty cunt on your cock?

	I do! I moaned. I love it! Smiling, Vivian bent down to kiss me, my cum still glistening on her lips and I stopped her. Good sluts don't kiss a man with jizz on their lips.

	Oh, sorry, she moaned. Let my tight, wet cunt make it up to you!

	My fingers dipped into Vivian's ass crack, teasing her puckered asshole. She moaned, tossing her head and spilling brunette hair across our faces. I stuck my finer into her asshole and she gasped and stopped fucking me in surprise at the intrusion into her tight bowels. 

	Don't stop! I hissed and sucked a big nipple into my mouth. She started fucking me again; shallow strokes that kept me deep in her pussy.

	Don't be afraid to use your fingers, Cynthia was telling Mary. Uuhhh, yeah! I like when you pinch my clit!

	A low moan was coming from Vivian now; her hips quickened their paces. I'm gonna cum! I'm gonna cum! Oh god, you're big cock's making me cum! 

	Her pussy tightened on me as her body bucked in my arms. It felt so good on my cock, her cunt massaging me. I was so close, and moaned through clenched teeth as I shot a second load into Vivian's warm depths. She collapsed on me, and we enjoyed the afterglow of our orgasms as we watched Mary's lesbian instruction.

	Your tongue is so limber, Cynthia moaned; Mary's head shaking from side to side as her lips devoured Cynthia's cunt. Stick some fingers in, baby!

	Mary started to lick at Cynthia's clit as she slid two fingers slowly inside her. The air was filled with the juicy aroma of hot pussy, a heady aroma that was stirring life into my cock. Cynthia panted, rotating her hips as Mary finger-fucked her. 

	So god-damned good! Cynthia hissed. Curl your fingers up. Yeah, right there! Keep rubbing right there, bitch! That's my G-spot! Cynthia's backed arched in pleasure, breasts heaving, and one hand grabbed Mary's auburn braid and pulled the girl harder against her clit. Oh, god! I'm gonna cum! Fuck! Her body went rigid, then shook twice and she collapsed back onto the table. Goddamn, this girl learns fast! She's a grade A muff diver.

	Mary grinned at me; her face smeared in pussy. Behind her, Cynthia's legs were still spread open, revealing swollen vulva drenched in juices. 

	Did you like it? I asked Mary.

	She nodded. I loved it! Her tongue licked red lips, scooping Cynthia's cunt juices up.

	I beckoned to her. She rose, small breasts jiggling slightly, and sauntered over to Vivian and I. Give me a kiss. Smiling, she bent down and kissed me gently and I tasted the tart flavor of Cynthia's pussy juices. Let Vivian taste, too. 

	Mary turned and the two ladies kissed before me, tongues playing with each other. I stuck my hand between Mary's thighs and shoved two fingers into her cunt; she moaned into Vivian's kiss. I pulled my sticky fingers to my lips and tasted her juices. They were sweeter than Cynthia, with a hint of spiciness. I held my fingers up to the ladies who broke their kiss and licked the rest of the juices off.

	At the table, Cynthia had recovered, sitting up sightly and staring at me with a predatory hunger, one hand lazily playing with her clit. My cock started to harden in Vivian's pussy. Vivian moved her hips, pussy stroking my hardening cock. You ready to go again, honey, her smokey voice asked.

	I am, I told her. But the other ladies need my attention, too. Vivian pouted and squeezed her pussy on my now fully rigid cock. Mary looked at me with a hopeful expression and Cynthia's eyes smoldered with desire. Mary, why don't you put your new found, grade A muff diving experience to good use. Vivian has a cunt full of my cum that needs to be cleaned out.

	Sighing, Vivian rose off me, my cock popping out of her cunt that was messy with our combined fluids. Mary guided her to a nearby table and knelt before her. My white semen ran out of her cunt, pooling about her ass. Mary's tongue slid across her inner thigh, cleaning up the semen and pussy juices, before her fingers spread open Vivian's pussy and she dived her tongue in.

	I walked over to Cynthia who rubbed her pussy invitingly. I grabbed her arm and pulled her hard to her feet and shoved her against a decorative pillar. Her tattooed ass faced me, and she grinned wickedly at me over her shoulder, wiggling her rear invitingly. I squeezed a cheek and then slapped it.

	I've been so naughty! moaned Cynthia. I need to be punished!

	I smacked her ass again. What bad things have you done?

	Ohh, Cynthia groaned in a considering manner as I spanked her a third time, her white ass reddening. I just fucked my co-worker while on the clock and in the store! I'm such a dirty whore!

	I know just how to punish such a filthy girl! I hissed into her ear, my cock pocking the softness of her ass. I spread her cheeks, pressing at her puckered asshole.

	Oh, yeah! Cynthia moaned. Fuck my ass! That'll punish me!

	I pushed my cock hard against her, slowly pushing into her tight, warm ass. My shaft was still drenched in Vivian's pussy juices, providing lube. I moaned as my cock disappeared into her ass, sinking in easily  I was pretty sure this wasn't Cynthia's first time getting fucked in the ass  and I kept pushing until I felt her asscheeks on my groin. It was tight and hot and felt so different from Vivian's wet pussy. 

	Cynthia moaned as my thrust shoved her hard against the column; one hand rubbed her pussy and clit, the other wrapped around the column for support as I pounded her ass. I grabbed her hip with one hand for leverage, and reached the other around to twist a hard nipple.

	Fuck, fuck, fuck! Cynthia chanted loudly. Pinch my nipple harder! I've been so bad!

	I fucked her faster, groaning into her ear. It felt so great in her asshot and velvety tight. So fucking great. Nearby, Vivian moaned loudly as Mary ate her pussy with gusto. I glanced over at the pair. Vivian's large, tanned breasts jiggled beautifully as her body shook beneath Mary's tonguing, while Mary's arms were wrapped tightly about Vivian's waist. 

	God, Mary was so beautiful. 

	That's so hot! I moaned into Cynthia as I reamed her ass. Look at them!

	Cynthia turned her head. God damn that is! And so is your cock in my ass. Fuck me harder!

	I let go of her tit to grab her hips with both hands and I fucked her as hard as could. She moaned and screamed and came hard and long while her cunt massaged my shaft. A soft breast brushed against my arm and Mary was standing on my right, hand caressing my hip; face smeared with Vivian's juices. She grabbed my head and pulled me down to her lips and kissed me and I tasted Vivian's strong, tangy flavor.

	Don't stop, begged Cynthia; I realized I had stopped fucking her when Mary kissed me. I'm so close to another orgasm!

	Mary smiled, Fuck that slut's ass! Then she grabbed Cynthia's face with both hands and kissed her hard, Cynthia's tongue tasting Vivian's juices. In such a short time, Mary had transformed from a shy girl to this sexually adventures vixen.

	Vivian stepped up on my left side, her pillowy breasts brushing against me. She pressed the wetness of her cunt on my hip, grinding her clit in time with my strokes into Cynthia's tight ass, and soft sighs escaped her lips. 

	Did Mary do a good job? I asked her, enjoying the feel of her cunt sliding like a sponge on skin.

	Vivian purred in my ear, Her tongue was amazing! 

	Between low moans, Cynthia panted, She's a  oh yeah  fast learner. Oh, fuck! Mary's hand had slid down Cynthia's stomach and played with her cunt while she bent down and sucked Cynthia's right nipple into her mouth. Oh, that's good, sugar! Don't be afraid to bite it! Ooh, yeah! Just like that!

	My hand reached out and fondled Mary's ass. She looked up at me, smiling around Cynthia's nipple. My fingers found her warm wetness between her thighs and I slid up insider her, eliciting a sweet moan. Vivian nibbled at my neck and ear, still grinding her cunt on me as if she was urging me to fuck Cynthia's ass harder. I reveled in the wild girl's tight bowels, my balls tightening as I felt my explosive release nearing.

	Take it, you dirty bitch! I moaned slut's ear as I came deep in her ass. 

	Oh, god! Cynthia roared. I'm cumming and cumming! Your cum is in my ass! Sweet Jesus. Cum in my dirty, filthy ass!

	I fucked her two more times, the last of my cum squirting inside, then I slumped into her back, breathing heavily. I kissed Cynthias cheek and the side of her mouth. Vivian moaned in my ear, creaming on my hip as she came. 

	Mary sucked Cynthia's juices off her fingers, smiling coquettishly at me, her green eyes twinkling with attraction. She was bewitching, a siren leading me to the rocks and I would gladly dash myself on her shores just to taste her perfection. I pulled out of Cynthia's tight ass, eliciting a gasp from her parted lips.

	Stay just like that, Cynthia, I ordered. I want to stare at your fine ass. Cynthia grinned at me and wiggled her ass, dirty cum leaking out of her hole. Vivian, get down on your knees and suck my cock clean like a good slut.

	Mhh, gladly, honey. She knelt down and started to aggressively lick my cock. 

	I grabbed Mary and pulled her close and kissed her passionately as Vivian sucked my cock. I pulled this wonderful, auburn-haired create tight against my right side, her wet pussy rubbing on my hip. I enjoyed the feel of her smooth skin as I caressed her back, then slid down to knead her plump ass.

	All clean, hun, Vivian husked.

	Vivian, you've realized today that you are a lesbian. The only cock you'll ever want to touch is mine. The only thing you like more that fucking a woman is fucking me.

	Vivian grinned and sucked the head of my cock into her mouth.

	Cynthia's ass is looking dirty, I told Vivian, Why don't you clean her up.

	Vivian popped my cock out of her mouth and turned to Cynthia's ass. My cum had run down Cynthia's thighs and Vivian's tongue licked up her leg and into Cynthia's ass while Cynthia cooed in pleasure. When you finish cleaning her ass out, Vivian, fuck her. Both of you should make each other cum over and over.

	Vivian's answer was muffled by Cynthia's ass. Cynthia moaned, I can't wait to suck on her big titties.

	I turned to Mary, my hard cock rubbing on her stomach. You're my favorite, Mary. She blushed and I captured her lips in a brief kiss. You're so gorgeous, enchanting. Fuck, I don't know. You're something special, a goddess. I tasted her sweet lips again, her tongue gentle as it probed my mouth. It made me so happy to see you be with Cynthia and Vivian. 

	She smiled and kissed me, then grabbed my cock with her gentle fingers. Is it my turn now?

	Since you've been such a good and patient girl, it's time for your reward.

	Her smile was so bright and beautiful, freckled face filled with joy, and her emerald eyes sparkled with desire. We kissed hard, lips mashing together and tongues fencing as she gently stroked my cock. My hand slid up and grasped her small breast, rubbing her hard nipple while my other hand continued kneading her ass. The kiss was warm and sweet and I could almost taste her lust for me along with the musk of Vivian's pussy.

	I couldn't say how long we kissedmy first real kiss. I was lost in pleasure of making out with this beautiful creature; the feel of her soft ass and firm breast in my hands, the hard nipple pinched between my fingers, and the electricity of her hand stroking my cock, drawing my cum out like an oil derrick. I moaned into her mouth, squeezed her ass hard, and erupted on her fingers and stomach and hip as my entire body electrified with passion.  She milked my cock a few more times, squeezing the last of my cum on her stomach before pulling away, a coquettish smile playing on her lips as she licked my white sperm off her fingers.

	Mmhhh, that's good, she husked. I love the taste of cum. Her fingers scooped up more cum off her stomach and sucked it slowly off her fingers.

	I don't know if it was the eroticism of the moment or if I was falling in love with this sweet angel, but I decided to take Mary with me. To make her mine. Her handjob was so good; I needed to return the favor. For some reason I cared that she enjoyed herself just as much as I had. I didn't care if Vivian or Cynthia came when I fucked them; their pleasure didn't matteronly mine did.

	I kissed her lips, not caring that they were stained with my cumonly a slut shouldn't kiss a man with cum on her lips. Mary was so much more than that. My hand dipped between her legs and I felt the wetness of her sex. She gasped as my fingers pushed into her cunt. I felt something against the heel of my palm, a hard, spongy nubher clit. 

	My palm rubbed her clit, sweet cries filling my ears, and I started to suck and bite at her pale neck. I wanted to leave a hickey, to let the world know that Mary had a lover. My fingers explored the warm wetness and velvety softness of her pussy. I left a second hickey on her right breast, and she was panting in pleasure. My lips moved to her hard nipple, sucking it into my greedy mouth. She tensed in my arms and then screamed loudly as she came, body shaking and pussy flooding my hand with her juices.

	Oh God! she hissed. Oh God!

	I dropped to my knees before her and breathed in the scent of her sex and stared at her swollen  lips surrounded by flaming hair. I buried my face into her snatch and worshiped my Goddess with my tongue. I had never gone down on a girl and just let my instincts guide me. She tasted heavenly, like a Goddess should: a sweet and spicy dessert. My tongue scraped along her lips, flicking her clit, before I shoved it deep into her pussy, fucking her with my tongue. I tried to remember what Cynthia told Mary earlier, kissing, sucking and stroking all over her pussy and clit. From Mary's moans and gasps, I must have been doing just fine.

	Her fingers gripped my short hair and she pulled me into her cunt, hips rotating. Oh sweet God! That's so good, Mark! Her voice rose in pitch. Just like that! Ohhh! Fuck! I'm gonna cum! Her grip tightened in my hair and fresh juice flooded my mouth. Oh, thank you Mark, she panted. Thank you, that was so amazing.

	I want to sixty-nine with you, I told her.

	She nodded eagerly. 

	I laid out on my back and she straddled my face, her furry pussy descending to my lips. I started to lick her as she softly started to kiss the head of my cock. Short kisses all over the tip and shaft and then her warm mouth engulfed my cock. She went lower and lower and deep-throated my cock. She was just full of surprises! 

	Mary would suck on my head for a few moments and then slide my cock all the way inside her throat. I pinched her clit, rolling the hard nub between fingers and licked hard and deep with my tongue. Her hands were gently massaging my balls, coxing my cum out. My spunk spurted into her mouth and she swallowed it while her hips bucking on my face from her orgasm.

	Breathless, we both cuddled on the floor, me on my back and Mary pressed up against my side, cradled in my arms, her hard nipples brushing my chest. I stroked sweat-damp auburn hair out of her face. Her soft lips pressed gently against my cheek.

	Thank you, she murmured in my ear. My boyfriend would never eat my pussy. She froze, face recoiling in shame. Oh god, Mike. What have I done! Tears welled in her eyes. How could I cheat on him.

	Shh, I consoled, wiping a tear with my finger. Mike's never treated you right, that's why you're dumping him for me. I'm your boyfriend now. You're mine forever, right?

	Mary sniffed, Sorry, I'm being stupid. You're right, he was always a jerk. He never cared if I had an orgasm and never helped with the housework. He definitely never went down on me!  She kissed me. I'm your girl now. Umm, I can't believe this all happening. It's so heady, like a dream that I don't want to wake up from.

	You won't, I told her, getting lost in her emerald eyes. You love me with all your heart and would never get jealous of me with another woman. You would just be happy seeing me being happy.

	Of course I would never get jealous, Mary giggled. I love you, and there is definitely enough of you to go around. Her hand grasped my cock. Mmmhh, definitely enough.

	I laughed and kissed her. I'm enough man for you, I told her. You will never desire another man, only other women. You can touch and fuck as many women as you want, but I'm the only man for you.

	Mary kissed me, her mouth hot and full of desire. Why would I want another man? She squeezed my shaft. This is all the cock I need. He feels all lonely, and my pussy craving some company.

	I grinned and kissed her, rolling Mary onto her back. Her lithe legs wrapped around my hips, pulling me close. My cock bumped her pussy and missed entering on the first thrust. Her hand reached down, grasping my cock, and guided it to the mouth of her cunt. She let out a low moan as I sheathed my cock inside her. I savored the velvety feel of her. I stared into her deep, green eyes as my cock slid fully into her sheathe. We stared into each other's eyes, and it was like our souls had became as one as our bodies had. 

	I saw love in those green depths. 

	It didn't matter to me that I told her to love me. She believed it. She was mine, and that was all that mattered. I started to slowly fuck her as we gazed into each other's souls. Her hands grabbed my back, fingernails digging into my flesh and her legs clamped tight about me. Her hips moved to the rhythm of our lovemaking. It felt so good, so right to be inside her. It was a dream come true. She would never reject me, never hate me, or belittle me. She would never hurt me.

	I drowned in her passion, swept away by the storm of emotions that filled us both. I loved this beautiful creaturethis Goddess. I finally found what I had always wanted and feared to seek, because I was too much of a coward to face the chance of rejection.

	I found love.

	I started to fuck her faster, the sweet press of flesh drawing me closer to my orgasm. Our bodies were one, moving together, both striving to make the other cum. She moaned my name and I groaned hers. Her cunt was hot and wet and tight and so amazing on my cock. Mary came first, howling like a gale. 

	I fucked her as fast as I could, feeling my balls tighten. Her passion massaged my shaft, driving me closer and closer to my peak. Another orgasm rippled through her cunt and a third, propelling me higher and higher towards my climax. She gasped and panted, grinding her clit against my groin and I reached the summit. I exploded inside her.

	Oh, so good! she moaned. Fill me up with your cum. So good!

	I love you, I whispered in her ear, our bodies entwined.

	I felt wetness on her cheeks as she cried in joy. I love you, too! she gasped.

	I kissed her tears away and rested in her embrace. Even with my wish for sexual stamina, I need  a bit of break. No. I wanted a break so I could enjoy holding her and luxuriate in her arms. I breathed her scent into my nose: herbal soap and sweat and the spicy aroma of her cunt all mixing together to form Mary. I felt safe and warm and a content happiness spread through me as we held each other. I gently nibbled at her neck and she cooed in delight.

	Gasps and moans of pleasure filled the coffee shop and I remembered that I told Cynthia and Vivian to make each other cum and cum. I lifted up on my elbows, and looked around. They were on the floor nearby, legs scissored together, allowing their cunts to kiss each other. Their hips writhed in pleasure as the tribbed each other.

	The look so beautiful and happy together, Mary whispered in my ear, and an idea formed. They did look so beautiful together.

	I bet they would make a great couple, I whispered back. My cock was stirring again inside Mary tender warmth. I always found two girls tribbing to be so hot. Cynthia and Vivian were both crying out as they orgasmed. I caressed my lover's body as we watched the two women continue fucking each other through their orgasms, frantically trying to reach another. My hand found the soft flesh of Mary's ass.

	I want to know every part of you, I whispered into her ear, licking the lobe. Have you ever had anal sex?

	Mary tensed in my arms briefly. No. Mike,  I was pleased to here a scathing tone in her voice at the mention of her boyfriend  he always wanted too. But I was afraid it would hurt too much.

	Would you let me fuck you up the ass? I asked.

	She hesitated, I don't know. Would that make you happy?

	What do you think? I asked her. I was curious, and hopeful, that she would want to of her own free will. It seemed strange that, after ordering the woman to love me and please me, I would care about her making her own decisions. Maybe I really did love her.

	Mary swallowed. You'll go slow and be gentle? she asked timidly.

	I never want to hurt you, I told her. We'll make sure you're nice and ready.

	A depraved idea popped in my head as I stood up. I reached out and helped her to her feat, my cum running in rivulets down her legs and a puddle of our juices was staining the floor. Go get your phone, I told her.

	Mary didn't ask why, but turned to obey, heading for the back area of the coffee shop. I couldn't help pinching her shapely ass as she walked away. She jumped and playful glared back at me, before disappearing into the back. I turned to the other girls and told them to stop fucking each other. Both were exhausted but smiling. When Mary returned, I told them the plan.

	Vivian, you're going to get Mary's ass ready for my cock. Lick it and lube it with your cunt juices. Mary, you bend over that table and get ready to call Mike and break up with him.

	She nodded and frowned. Why don't I just call him now?

	I want you to do it when I'm fucking your ass, I told her. I want you to tell him all about your new lover Let him know just how much you love my cock, how hard you came for me, and how I'm fucking you up the ass; where you would never let him touch you. He deserves it for being such an asshole to you.

	Mary flushed in shame. I guess I can do that, she mumbled. No. I can definitely do that. The asshole deserves it for the hussy from his work!

	Cynthia, I want you to give Mary some pointers and advice to make her first anal sex go smoothly.

	Mary bent over the table and Vivian tongued Mary's ass and worked her fingers into Mary's cunt.  It was so hot, and my cock ached with desire. Cynthia bent over next to Mary and began to whisper in her ear. Vivian's fingers had started a slow, steady reaming of Mary's ass as Cynthia nibbled on Mary's ear. 

	After another few minutes, Vivian  working her fingers faster in and out of Mary's ass  said, She's nice and lubed.

	Let me get my cock lubed, I said and thrust my cock deep into Cynthia's cunt. 

	She gasped in surprise, her cunt squeezing down on my cock. It felt so good, I almost wanted to stay. Almost. After a few strokes, I pulled out and Cynthia moaned in disappointment. Vivian held Mary's asscheeks open for me and I placed my cock, glistening with Cynthia's juices, on the rosebud of Mary's anus. 

	Here I go, I gently warned.

	Mary nodded, her eyes widening as the head of my cock disappeared in. Christ, that feels huge back there, she moaned as I slowly worked my cock into her ass.

	When I was all the way in, I asked how she was doing.

	Fine, she panted, her ass squeezing pleasantly on my cock. It's not that bad. I pulled back and slid in again, and she purred, It's not that bad at all, Her ass felt amazing; tighter and rougher than her pussy.

	You're doing good, babe, Cynthia encouraged her.

	Mmhh, Mary moaned and picked up her phone. She fumbled with it, navigating the menu, and found Mike's number and hit call.

	Put it on speaker, I told her. More fumbling and she managed to turn on the speaker phone. She moaned loudly and set the phone before her on the table.

	The phone rang and rang and I thought it was going to go to voice mail when a sleepy voice answered, Hey, Mary.

	H-hey, Mike, Mary moaned into the phone. I fucked her faster now, excited to be violating her while she humiliated her boyfriend.

	You okay babe? he asked.

	Just getting  uhhh  fucked in the ass by my new boyfriend! Oh god! Harder, Mark. Fuck me harder! she screamed into the phone.

	There was a pause. Say that again, Mary? Mike asked in confusion.

	My new...ohhh God...boyfriend is fucking my ass, she moaned. I'm dumping you. You're tiny dick has never satisfied me the way Mark's has!

	What's going on! he asked in a panic. Is someone making you say this, Mary?

	Mary let out a throaty laugh. Her ass jiggled every time my groin slapped into it and the table rocked. Her auburn pony tail draped across her white back, writhing like a tongue of flame, and I grabbed her hair and pulled on it, yanking her head back. She let out a low moan.

	I'm such a naughty girl! she gasped. Oh fuck! Mark's made me cum so hard. Not like you. I've never felt so amazing! She let a loud howl and her ass clamped down on my cock like vice. I'm cumming! His dick in my ass is making me cum!

	Why are you doing this? Mike demanded. If this is a joke, it's not funny?

	It's no joke, Mike, she panted into the phone. I just came from getting my ass fucked by my new boyfriend. It was so amazing!

	Please, Mary, Mike begged. This isn't like you!

	We're done Mike, she told him. You can go crawl to that slut. Mmm, I gotta go. I'm feeling another orgasm cumming! Mary hung up.

	Fuck that's hot, Vivian moaned, her fingers flying across her clit.

	I nodded my head to the table and Vivian smiled knowingly. She climbed up on it, sitting down before Mary's face. I loosened the tension on Mary's ponytail so she could dive into Vivian's spread open pussy. Vivian's large tits heaved up and down and she writhed on Mary's tongue, her finger pulling hard at her large nipples.

	Cynthia bent down to Mary's ear, and hissed, Eat that slut, bitch. Make her cum on that nasty tongue! The table rocked more as Cynthia fucked her cunt on the table edge.

	Mary's phone started to ring, a loud pop song. Maybe Rhianna. I wasn't sure. I was a rock and metal guy. Mary paused her muff diving. It's just Mike, she said and hung up the phone. It immediately started to ring again. This was getting annoying.

	Vivian, take a picture of us with Mary's phone, I ordered. Vivian nodded and pulled up the phone, playing with some menus. I buried my dick deep in Mary's ass and yanked hard on her hair, lifting her face up from Vivian's pussy. I pulled Cynthia close to me and pulled her into a kiss. Vivian snapped the photo.

	She showed it to everyone. It was fucking amazing. Mary's face glistened with juices and smiling happily while I pulled on her hair. The angle was good to just make out that I was buried in her ass. You could see Cynthia's tits pressed against my arms and her tongue in my mouth, while one of her hands was squeezing Mary's ass. You could even see Vivian's tanned thighs alongside Mary, suggesting just how her face got wet.

	Text him, 'See how happy I am. So stop calling me, loser. PS that's pussy juices on my face.' Vivian quickly text the message and sent it and I went back to fucking Mary velvety ass. Mary went back to eating tangy pussy and Cynthia went back to fucking the table edge. The phone didn't ring again.

	All of use were moaning and cursing, building to our cums. It was so hot, watching the girl I was ass fucking eat another beautiful women out. Cynthias hand rubbed down my stomach, feeling the shaft of my cock were it disappeared into Mary's ass. She moved her hand lower, between us, brushing my balls as they slapped against Mary's pussy. Mary gasped into Vivian's pussy as Cynthia found her clit and started rubbing. 

	My balls boiled over; I moaned and dumped my cum inside her bowels. Mary screamed into Vivian's cunt as she came again, her ass contracting on my cock, milking the last of my cum out. Vivian fucked herself on Mary's face, shuddering  her big tits heaving like the swell of the ocean  as she climaxed, and next to me Cynthia gasped and squirted her juice onto the table's corner.

	Vivian cleaned my cock off while Cynthia cleaned out Mary's ass and pussy. I pulled on my clothes when Mary came on Cynthia's face, and my auburn-haired Goddess happily smiled at me. I tossed her panties to her. She was still a little wobbly from cumming so much and we all laughed as she hopped around on one foot trying to pull on her panties and not fall over. I pocketed Cynthia's black thong and Vivian's pink polka dot panties.

	I took my phone back from Evan. The poor bastard stood and filmed the entire thing. I had almost no memory left on my phone. It looked my phone barely caught any of the orgy before it ran out of space. I sighed, realizing I should probably get a camcorder and some spare memory cards if I wanted to capture these moments on film. Maybe that should be my next stop. And Mary definitely needs something nicer to wear than her uniform. And a wax. Her pussy was hot, but I liked the bare look better.

	I had Cynthia make me a mocha and Mary had a chai tea. It was sexy watching Cynthia make the drinks naked, her body glistening with sweat and pussy juices and cum. She made the most of it. Prancing around and bending over when she pretended to drop something so I could see her beautiful, shaved pussy with its pink, inviting depths. She spilled cream on her tits and Vivian and I licked her clean. Finally, coffee and a breakfast sandwich in hand, it was time to give my final instructions.

	Evan, when Mary and I leave, you will clean up the store and then forget what happened. You closed the store because the hot water shut off. I remembered from a summer working in fast food that a restaurant couldn't be open without hot water. Some sort of health department rule. Its fixed now and you can reopen. Sadly, Mary quit because she has a better job, now.

	Evan just nodded.

	Cynthia and Vivian. Mary thinks you're really beautiful together. I agree. From now on, you two are lesbian lovers. The only man you desire is me. Okay? They nodded and embraced and kissed each other. To make money, I want you two to stream your love making. Let me know when you do. Stream at least twice a week. More would be better. Cynthia grinned wickedly at Vivian.

	We all friended each other on Facebook so we could keep in touch. I kissed Vivian's pouty lips  she had washed my cum away with Cynthia's pussy juices  and then Cynthia's. I held out my hand to Mary. Well, shall we get going?

	She grabbed my hand; squeezed it gently. Where to?

	Our future, I told her and we walked out the door.

To be continued...