Our marriage was falling apart and our sex life was nonexistent. We barely talked let alone had sex and everything was going downhill fast. It was I who suggested going to a marriage counselor, she didn't seem to care but said she would go one time.

As we sat in her office telling her our problems I felt that maybe the counselor cared more for my wife's feelings than mine. She told us that in most cases the problems in marriages were the husbands fault. Of course my wife agreed with this and me, well I just kept my mouth shut.

Then she asked us about our sex life, as she looked at me she asked my wife if I ever satisfied her. My wife said that was a laugh,

"His equipment is female satisfaction challenged."

My face turned red and I started to protest but the counselor held her hand to stop me. she said,

"You will get a chance to speak later" and then to my wife, "So you say his equipment is small? I like that term , equipment, it implies a tool that you can work with."

"That is just what I'm saying he doesn't have tools, he has little boy's toys."

The counselor laughed at that.

Then she turned to me,

"And what do you have to say about this?"

I began to deny what my wife was talking about and again the counselor held up her hand to silence me.

"Talk is cheap, stand up and let me judge for myself. Come, stand up and pull down your pants, let's just have a look at your toys."

I didn't want to do this but my wife said,

"You're the one that wanted to come here, now do what she says."

I slowly go up, then undid my pants and my wife just reached over and yanked them down. So there I was standing in front of two women with my pants around my ankles. Talk about red faced I had forgotten that I had worn a pair of my wife panties.

"God damn it your wearing my panties again you pervert."

"Yes dear, I'm sorry. I was just enjoying the feeling of them on my groin and I forgot to take them off."

The counselor said,

"This is not that rare, lots of men with small genitals like to wear women panties, it makes them feel like they have a large clitoris instead of a small penis. OK well pull down your wife's panties and let us have a look."

I reluctantly did what I was told. I don't know why but I had an erection. The counselor reached over and took my member in her hand.

"What kind of satisfaction do you give your wife with this?"

As she was talking she was pulling my member, quickly I told her to stop or I might have an accident.

"You mean you are small and you have no control, is that what your are saying? Does this excite you having a stranger rubbing your little member in front of your wife?"

"Please stop, I can't hold back much longer."

"That's OK you just be a good little boy and spurt your nasty juice in my hand."

And that is just what I did. I was so embarrassed, there I was with my pants around my ankles wearing my wife's panties and Cumming in the counselor's hand and especially when my wife started laughing at me.

"OK let's have a look at your ejaculate. This is pretty puny, this is all you have? Have you already masturbated today?"

I hung my head and nodded yes. My wife said

"You are a little pervert aren't you? Did you jack off in my panties?"

Again I nodded yes

"But I was careful not to spill any on your underwear."

The counselor said "You mean panties. Ladies wear panties men wear underware."

She put her hand up to my face

"Does this smell like a man's sperm to you?"

I didn't know what to say so I said nothing.

"You don't know? Well what if I put some in your mouth would you be able to tell me if it tasted like a man's sperm?"

Then she said that maybe I didn't know what a man's sperm was like and then wiped her hand on a tissue. She sat the tissue on her desk and then to my wife she said,

"I can see he is no good to you as a man but how is his oral technique? Can he satisfy you with his tongue?"

"No as soon as he starts getting me close he gets so excited he cums all over the bed. I get so mad I always make him sleep in the wet spot."

"Well I guess the only thing I have left to ask you is why are you still with him? He seems to be worthless as a man to you."

This really scared me I couldn't think of life without my wife. I knelt at her feet and pleaded,

"Please don't leave me I will do anything to keep you. Whatever you want, if you want to find a lover it's OK, anything you want, just please stay with me."

My wife said, "I don't need your permission to have lovers I already have lovers. How do you think I get my satisfaction? I hope you don't think I jack off like you."

The counselor broke in, "Look at that, you tell him you are being satisfied by real men and he get another erection."

I stood up and my dick was sticking straight out.

She went on "I think your husband gets aroused by humiliation. If he doesn't make you sick to your stomach by his antics maybe you could use him as a servant instead of a husband. Anyway that is the end of today's session please make another appointment and we will see if we can save this marriage. Oh and you can take this with you," and handed the tissue she had cleaned her hand with to me.ounselor