Vacation Part 2...
 
After having a fun filled day and I mean "filled" w/ my new lover, I thought I better let him get back to wherever he came from. I still didn't know who owned him or even what his name was...all I did know was that I liked having him fuck me and I wanted him again.
 
It all felt so strange, I mean, here this was a stray dog, came from God knows where, not knowing if he was healthy, not knowing anything about this wondering, wonderful dog and I didn't care. As much as I love my dogs and they are the greatest lovers...I was fascinated, enthralled, empowered by this strange dog. I guess I compare it to meeting a strange man/woman somewhere...no one says a word but you have the best sex together.
 
That night when we were finished...I let him out the cabin to find his way back home. Part of me wanted to keep him, to take him home with my other two dogs so I could enjoy his company all the time but I knew someone had to own him so I let him go.
 
The next day I hung around the cabin hoping he would come back so we could have a repeat of the day before. I laid out once again in the nude, letting the warm sun caress my body, making me sweat...hoping the smell from me would somehow reach him and bring him to me. My pussy ache wanting him to fuck me until I was raw. Just thinking about that made me wet and I kept catching myself with my fingers probing my wet pussy.
 
Max and Bear sensed I was acting differently also and I could tell they were feeling neglected but I didn't want them right now...I wanted that stray lover. As the day progress, my frustration grew along with my disappointment. By the end of the day, my pussy ache so much for attention that I could no longer avoid it so I spent the whole evening fucking myself in every way I could, in every hole, with everything and anything I could lay my hands on...dildos, vegetables, candles, ice, bed-knobs, shower hoses, etc. By the time I had finished and dosed off to sleep, I had forgotten all about my stray lover.
 
The following day I felt foolish that I had allowed myself to get so caught up by this stray dog. I also felt bad that I had neglected my two dogs and I was determined to make it up to them so I decided to take them to the lake and go swimming and have a little "fun". I put on my bikini, packed a lunch, grabbed the towels and blanket and we headed for the secluded beach that this property owned.
 
After all of us played in the water for a hour or so, I decided it was time for some sun and some "playtime" with the boys. Once reaching the beach, I stripped out of my bikini and laid out to dry off before I began rewarding the boys for all the neglect they had been receiving from me lately.
 
As I laid there, my hands naturally started exploring my body...first my neck, then my nipples and breasts...taking my time to rub, kneed and pinch my nipples, making them hard and erect. Next came my stomach and between my legs. By the time I reached my clit...it was already erect and ready to the touch. I could also feel how wet I was becoming.
 
As my fingers entered me one at a time, my back arched at how good it feels to be probed and the delicious sounds and smells that come with that probing. It wasn't to long before Max and Bear picked up on my sex smell and were there in an instant lapping at my cunt, sending shivers through my body with every lick. As much as I wanted them to continue...I promised them that I would pleasure them.
 
So, I made them stop pleasuring me and I laid them on their backs side by side with just enough space between them that if I got on my hands and knees between them, I would be in the best position to do what I wanted to them. I first got on my knees sitting up and I began to rub each of them like I did myself. First, I petted them and rubbed their bellies...then I started kneading their sheaths until their cocks started to grow and the pre-ooz cum was starting to cum out. Each time it did, I would lick it off my fingers...I love the taste of their cum.
 
As their cocks grew in size...I slowing started kneading and squeezing their knot...working my hands up and down on their thick shafts. After massaging their cocks for 5 to 10 minutes...I got down on my hands and knees and starting licking and sucking their massive cocks...alternating myself between them...giving long, slow strokes with my mouth...taking all of them in my mouth as I sucked...letting my tongue massage them as I sucked them. I kept a slow pace going through-out to give them the maximum pleasure. I treated them just like myself...build them up and them slowed them down. This way I know I am going to be coated with their thick, hot cum when they finally release all their yummy stuff. My mouth was already anticipating swallowing as much of their delicious cum as possible. I was so into sucking their thick, long cocks that I was totally oblivious to my surroundings and that's when it happen.
 
All of a sudden, my pussy was assaulted by this long, wet tongue. One swipe went from my cunt to my ass. I almost exploded in orgasm right then. I looked back to see what/who was assaulting/pleasuring my hot, wet pussy and was surprised that it was my stray lover from 2 days before. I was shocked but jubilant at seeing him. My mind didn't have time to react though before he licked me again...this time his long, probing tongue enter my now swollen, hot pussy.
 
My body started shaking in sudden extreme pleasure. I didn't think or care where he came from but only to stick my ass higher so he could work his loving tongue in me. As he did, I returned to sucking my boys again...this time more aggressively. The more I was probed, the more intense by sucking and licking became.
 
Just as I thought I was going to explode, my stray lover decided he wanted more and started to mount me so I tried to accommodate him as much as I could while still sucking on my lovers. He was frantic to fuck me and I was frantic wanting to be fucked by him. He was wildly missing the mark so I finally reached back and guided him into my awaiting cunt. As soon as he was in me, he started pounding with the force of a cannon. I thought he was going to split me open. His paws were digging into my side and I was starting to bleed but I didn't want him to stop. His pounding was intense so my sucking became more intense...faster, stronger...I was moaning, Max and Bear was moaning and my stray lover was moaning.
 
I knew Max and Bear were about to explode so I deep throated each one sending them over the edge, first Bear...his load made me gag from the force and amount...his delicious cum pouring out my mouth as I was trying to swallow as much as possible. My face was covered with his gooey delight. Then I deep-throated Max sending him over the edge...his load was also very forceful with a massive amount of gooey delight. Since my throat was already lubricated from Bear, I got to swallow so much more of his tasty delight. I still had my stray lover pounding my pussy but I knew he was about to explode also because he was pounding ever harder.
 
I could feel his knot wanting to go in me but at the angle I was at, there was no way. Since I knew he was about to shoot his load...I started thrusting my ass towards him...wanting him to fuck me harder. His paws were digging into me even more, making me bleed even more. When I didn't think I could hold out much longer...he finally released his hot cum in me. My pussy was on fire from his pounding and I could feel my belly being extended from the amount of cum he was unloading in me. I screamed out in pain and pleasure hoping no one heard me. I didn't want him to pull out but continue fucking me but he finally finished and pulled out. When he did, I just rolled over and collapsed. I could feel his hot cum running out my pussy and I was completely covered in my dog's cum.
 
After resting for a few minutes, I sat up to see if my stray lover was still there and he was. Him and my dogs were playing together. My body ached from the sucking and the pounding and my sides were still bleeding but at that moment I was in ecstasy. I rub the remaining cum all over my tits and gave myself a quick finger fuck bringing myself to a quick orgasm. I then scoop up all the cum delight I could and put it my mouth to savor before swallowing all I could.
 
By the time we were all done...it was around 2pm. I decided to clean up by taking a swim. When I got in the water, the water turned white and milky from all our cum. I wasn't in there but about 5 minutes when the dogs started barking. As I looked down the beach, I saw a young woman walking towards me rather quickly. Since I was still naked, I rushed back to my stuff and put my bikini back on. Before I could even wrap a towel around me, she was running up to me asking me if I was ok. I was confused at first until she explained to me that she had been out looking for her dog...you guessed it...my stray lover...when she heard a woman screaming (she didn't know it was a scream of pleasure) and she came as fast as she could thinking her dog might had attack someone...if she only knew.
 
I told her no, he hadn't attack me but then she saw my sides bleeding so I made up an excuse how her dog came up, was very friendly and I allowed him to jump up on me and in his excitement he dug he paws into me and I screamed not out of fear but surprised. I reassured her that her dog was very loving...again if she only knew how loving. She seemed to accept this explanation but if she would have looked closely at where he dug in to me, she would have noticed the angle of indention's were all wrong for a dog jumping up on me.
 
I was still bleeding pretty bad so I told her I needed to take care of it and I was going back to my cabin to do so. She was so sorry that her dog this to me, she offered to help carry some stuff back to the cabin. Since I was already weak in the legs from the fucking I had and my sides hurt so bad...I took her up on her offer and what an offer it turned out to be.
 
To be continued.........