Leah's Self Bondage in the Woods
by LeahR

It was just starting to get dark as I drove the few miles from my house to the regional park. I wanted to get an early start tonight and I was in a state of high excitement. Tonight I was going to attempt something I had thought about and planned for weeks.

I had a small bag of supplies on the passenger seat that I had collected for tonight's adventure. A can of bug repellent was one of the most important as I was tired of the mosquitoes spoiling my fun and tonight, if things went as planned, I would be even more vulnerable than ever before, for a longer time, and less able to protect myself from the bloodthirsty little demons.

Soon I arrived at my first stop. I parked in a small parking lot at a picnic area. No one was around and I got one of the items out of my bag. It was one of those magnetic key holders made to keep a spare car key. You were supposed to attach it underneath your car in case you locked yourself out. I checked to make sure that I had remembered to put my spare key in it, then got out of my car.

At one end of the parking lot was a light pole with one of those pay telephones attached, the kind that have just a little box with a shelf and a small overhang. I went to the phone and attempted to attach my key holder. The thing must have been aluminum or something because it wouldn't stick. Eventually, I looked underneath and found some bolts that the magnet would stick too and left my key there.

Now I drove down the road, getting more and more excited by the minute. I drove to another, smaller parking area right off the road. There was room here for about 3 cars and there were no picnic tables, just a trash can and I think it was meant mainly for a fishing spot. During the day, fully clothed, it took me about 7 minutes to walk from here back to where I had hidden the key. The walk was along a hiking trail and even during the day I had seen only two other people along the trail. I did expect it to take longer in the dark but not too terribly long.

I parked my car and got out, bringing the bag over to the driver's seat. I rolled down the window and shut the door to turn off the interior lights. I had tried taping over the little button that turned the lights on but it was too strong and the tape wouldn't stick. First I got out a water bottle and took a drink. Next I stripped off my shorts and t-shirt, leaving my shoes on. Hiking in the dark was going to be hard enough without worrying about hurting my feet. I threw my clothes through the window onto the passenger seat. I wasn't wearing any underwear so, allowing for my shoes I was now totally naked.

Next I got out my bug repellent and sprayed myself down good as I could already hear the mosquitoes licking their chops. Also in the bag was one of my prized possessions, a set of handcuffs. True, they were only toy handcuffs that I had bought in the drugstore, but they were pretty realistic, of stainless steel and fairly heavy. I had spent hours with a file from my dad's tool box, filing off the little button that released them so that now I could only open them with the key. I had spent further hours practicing with that key until I was able to open them with my hands cuffed behind my back. Now I got my handcuffs out of the bag and set them on the hood of my car. I checked to see that they were open and made sure the key was in my bag. I took one more swig of water and put the bottle back in the bag.

Now the moment of truth. I had to open the door and stand there in the light while I rolled up the window. Quickly I pushed down the lock and shut the door, locking myself out of my car naked. I immediately felt a rush. Now I was naked and had at least a 14 minute walk to and from where I had left my spare key in order to get back into my car. I had one more thing to do though. My heart pounding, I took my handcuffs and cuffed my wrists behind me. Despite all the dry runs I had been through this final act stepped up my excitement still more.

As soon as I locked the cuffs I stepped away from the car and onto the hiking path. It was pretty dark but there was enough moonlight filtering through the trees that I could make out the path. I was tremendously aroused all of a sudden but with my hands cuffed behind me there wasn't much I could do about it. My clit ached to be touched but it would just have to wait.

I set off down the path, going slowly at first but as my eyes adjusted to the darkness my speed picked up until I judged I was making pretty good time. I doubted the round trip would take more than 20 minutes tops and I started wishing I had made the distance a bit further. Soon I could make out the light on the telephone and I slowed before entering the more open picnic area.

Damn! As I got closer I could see a car parked near the telephone! I stopped and looked through the trees and I could see that someone had dragged a picnic table right next to the phone. A man sat on the table, his feet on the bench, and I could see he was smoking a cigarette. I crept forward a little closer and knelt in the brush wondering what he was doing and how long it would be till I could get my keys.

I still had on my watch but couldn't see it. The last time I had looked at it it was about 10:30 pm and I judged about 15 minutes had passed since then. I looked out at the man. I couldn't tell how old he was in the darkness. What was he doing? Waiting for someone? It didn't seem like he had anything with him like a fishing pole or anything.

I stayed where I was and waited. Going back to my car was pointless, would only expose me more and, if he left in the meantime, would cause me delay. Kneeling like I was my pussy was open to the night air and I was dying to touch myself. It occurred to me that I might be kneeling in poison ivy. How would I explain that? A case of poison ivy pussy? Just the thought made my pussy itch even more.

He finished one cigarette and flicked it away, still lit, the butt landing on the gravel parking lot in a shower of sparks. I thought maybe he would leave then but he looked at his watch and lit another cigarette. Obviously he was waiting for something and it looked like I was stuck waiting too.

I was getting tired of kneeling so I backed off and went back to the path. I walked up and down the path a short distance, working the kinks out of my legs. My shoulders were getting a bit sore too, I hadn't had the cuffs on like this for this long before. There wasn't much I could do about that either. I made my way back toward the parking area.

He was lying on the table now, his hands behind his head! I wondered if maybe he was asleep. Maybe I could sneak out there and get my keys? Maybe I should just go out there and get them. Maybe he'd just ignore me. Maybe I could say I just wanted to use the phone? Maybe I should just stay put a while longer.

The bug repellent was starting to wear off now and the darn mosquitoes were beginning to descend on me. Helpless to fend them off with my hands behind my back, I started walking a short way up and down the path again, hoping that they wouldn't be able to focus in on me. I got close to the parking area again and looked. He was sitting up smoking again. I edged closer, almost daring him to see me. Now a new problem arose. I wished I hadn't taken that final swig of water, I was soon going to have to pee.

Even if he left now, I wasn't sure I could get back to my car before I had to pee so I figured now was as good a time as any. I retreated back up the path a ways and squatted down near the edge of the path. Despite having to go, it took awhile to relax enough to let go. The stream splashed on the pebbles and rocks below me, sounding like a miniature Niagara Falls to me. Unable to wipe, I squatted for awhile, hoping to kind of 'air-dry'. Eventually the mosquitoes started to zero in again and I got moving, back to the parking lot.

He was still there and, even as I was thinking that I needed to just go out there and get my keys, the phone rang! It almost caused me to yell in surprise but I bit my lip and kept quiet. He grabbed the phone. What kind of call did one wait for in the park in the middle of the night? He spoke briefly, too low for me to hear, then hung up. Maddeningly, he still didn't leave, but finished his cigarette before finally getting into his car and starting it up. He drove away and I barely waited till he got to the road before I was sprinting to the phone.

It took a bit of effort but I was able to grab the key holder, by this time completely uncaring whether someone saw me or not. Quickly, clutching the keys behind me, I was back on the path. I held the keys tightly, tripping and dropping them could be a disaster!

I made the return trip as fast as I could. No one was around my car and I squatted down and carefully slid back the cover of the little key holder, then dropped the key into my other hand. Standing back up, I got my car unlocked and opened the door, the lights coming on again. I jumped in, but with my hands still cuffed I couldn't close the door yet and had to sit there in the light while I got the key and unlocked the cuffs. I checked my watch. Three hours had passed!

I closed the door and grabbed my bug spray, giving myself another going over, then started my car and drove home naked, not pulling on my shorts or t-shirt until I was in front of my own house.
