Kat
written by Kat 

Hi, my name’s Kat and I’m Jess’s sister. I’m 13 and Jess has asked me to write about nudism and going nude for this website. 

I didn’t ever think about going round naked, but I did start to notice last autumn when Jess seemed to not always have all her clothes on all the time! I saw her walking round the house in her undies and also a couple of times going into her room with nothing on after shed had a shower. It didn’t mean anything to me at all what she was doing, but it didn’t bother me. 

One day I was in my room and Jess knocked on the door. She came in to the room and she was naked! It didn’t really bother me that she didn’t have any clothes on, but I was still a bit surprised! She told me that she was naked because she was a nudist, which she told me was a person who enjoys being nude (I didn’t know). She said she’d spoken to mum and mum had said it was okay if she was naked at home sometimes, but she wanted to make sure I was alright with it too. It didn’t bother me if she was going to be going round in the nude all the time, so I said it was fine by me. I wanted to know why she liked it so much though, and she said it was just feeling free and being comfortable, which I said was cool, and she said I should try it sometime. I just kind of said “uh huh” to that, I didn’t think I’d ever actually end up doing it! 
Anyway, pretty soon I got used to Jess being nude at home. It never bothered me that I could see her boobs and everything else, cuz I’m a girl too. At first she used to get dressed whenever people came round but after a bit she stopped doing that. That meant that my friends when they came round sometimes saw her naked. At first I was a little bit embarrassed that they had seen her like that but that soon stopped. None of my friends seemed bothered so I wasn’t either. 

We used to talk a lot about going nude and stuff like that and Jess asked me a few times if I wanted to try it for myself. I always said “maybe sometime” cuz I wasn’t really sure if I wanted to or not. But having Jess walking round the house naked did mean that I didn’t feel like I had to be fully dressed all the time any more. I started going out of the shower without a towel around me and sometimes I would go back to my room and lie on my bed reading a magazine or whatever without getting dressed. 
My first real time of going nude was in the winter. It snowed a lot and our whole back garden was covered with snow. Jess challenged me to a snowball fight and of course I agreed. I went to get my coat and scarf and gloves and things, and I saw that Jess just stayed standing there by the back door, with nothing on of course. I asked her if she was going to go and get dressed and she said “no, I’m going out like this. You should, too, it’ll be fun.” I don’t really know why, but that time I said yes, I would. 
Jess was actually really surprised that I’d said yes, she was like “are you sure? You don’t have to if you don’t want to,” but I did want to and I could tell Jess was really pleased that I did. I went upstairs and took off all of my clothes, then we put our shoes on so our feet didn’t get cold and went out into the garden. 
It was very weird being naked outside, but it was a nice feeling and it wasn’t anything like as cold as I’d thought it would be. I was just standing enjoying what it felt like when this cold, wet snowball hit me on the bum! We had our snowball fight but it didn’t last long cuz we both ended up quite cold with wet hair pretty quickly, but being naked meant only our skin was wet and our clothes stayed dry indoors! We finished up by lying down and making naked snow angels, which was amazing to feel the snow against all my skin, and pretty funny to see two angels with bum prints in the middle! Then we ran inside to get warmed up and Jess asked me if I’d enjoyed myself and I told her I had. 
That was the only time I went nude like that for quite a while, cuz I still wasn’t sure about it. The next time was during the Easter holidays. Me and Jess went to stay with our dad, who’s divorced from our mum and lives in Manchester. He has known Jess is a nudist since she told mum and he’s fine with it, and this time Jess asked him if it was OK for her to go nude while she was there. He said it was and so the next morning she came downstairs with nothing on, just like she does at home. 
It was a really nice day and so Jess went out to sit on the patio. She seemed very happy to be able to go nude outside in the sun and was enjoying it. That was when I decided that I would like to go nude, too. I’d been thinking of it for quite a while now, that maybe I did want to give it a try, but I wasn’t sure till then. I told Jess that I had decided that I wanted to go nude and she said that was really great, so I went inside and took my clothes off. I went back out into the garden and sat down with Jess. 
It felt really good to be nude, actually. I can’t really explain it, but when I went nude in the snow it felt nice, but this was even better! It was really awesome being able to feel the breeze and stuff on my bare skin. And I didn’t feel at all bothered about being naked cuz Jess was as well. We talked for quite a while, mostly about going nude and I said now I could understand why Jess liked it. 
We stayed out in the garden sunbathing and talking all afternoon, then went back up to the house. Jess gave me a hug and said she was very proud of me for being so confident and for coming to my own choice about going nude, which was nice, but I couldn’t really see what the big deal was – it was just fun for me! 
I saw my dad when I went in the house, and when he saw that I didn’t have clothes on he smiled and said “not you as well!” I asked him if it was okay and he said it was fine, so that was cool. 
After that I started going nude more and more. Not all the time at first (like, that day I got dressed in the evening, but the next morning I was nude again), but when we got home to my mum’s I started doing it a lot. At first it was just at weekends if we were out in the garden and maybe in the mornings I wouldn’t get dressed until after breakfast (I started sleeping nude too) but after a bit I started coming home from school and instead of changing my clothes I would just take them all off and stay that way until the next morning, just like Jess does. I asked mum if she minded me being naked and she said not in the slightest, she’s had plenty of time to get used to it with Jess!





