Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 14 - Mikey Gets a Dare (Part 7)

My knees started trembling uncontrollably as Lucy offered some background into our neighborhood's unusual demographics. As she spoke, she teased with my emotions by playing with the door handle; letting the gap slowly inch wider and wider. From the look on her face, she appeared to find my position of peril endlessly amusing. It was torture.

As another voice joined in to ask a follow-up question, my dreadful suspicion was confirmed. There was not a girl on our porch. There were two!

While both girls had spoken clearly and could easily be understood, some of the words they used made it feel like they had learned English from a history book or something. Maybe they had an accent or dialect from another region of the country - I wasn't sure. The second girl's voice had an especially alluring quality; an airiness. Every word she spoke modulated up and down and resonated sweetly like it was just as likely to have come from a flute as a person.

Lucy let the door gap grow while continuing her conversation with the two unseen strangers. A panic gripped me as the outer edges of a dress or skirt came into my view. My worst fear was about to be realized. A few more inches and one of the girls on the porch would be able to see my entire naked body. I felt powerless to stop it. Clenching my hands into fists, I prayed for a miracle.

Just then, Lucy glanced over in my direction. With my eyes, I silently begged her not to open the door any wider and reveal my nude secret to those two girls. I tried to communicate as well as a naked boy could that if she didn't stop her little game of front door peek-a-boo, I was going to die of embarrassment.

She looked up at the ceiling for a moment as if she were considering my desperate naked plea. When she looked back at me, she was smiling. But it wasn't a comforting smile to tell you everything would be ok. No, it was a devious, cold-blooded smile like a cat might show while playing with a doomed mouse. I shivered. With one last playful wink, my own sister betrayed me. She turned back to the conversation, then nudged the door a few inches wider; wide enough to make me visible to one of the girls.

The look on that girl's face when she first noticed and realized there was a boy standing just inside the house completely naked will be vividly seared into my memory forever. I'll do my best to describe it, but I'm not sure I will be able to do it justice.

I froze, still as a statue, as if, by not moving, I would somehow blend into the scenery and not be noticed were she to look in my direction. But since she happened to at first be looking off to her right, I had a brief head-start to take stock of her. She was shorter than even Lucy which surprised me. I guess, from the voices I had been hearing, I was expecting to find an older teenage girl or even a woman. This girl was definitely younger than I was picturing.

With her face turned in profile and tilted upward, her petite facial features were striking; particularly the way her button nose and cute little chin were set with a fierce determination. Her happy, unblinking, pale blue eyes were trained in concentration on the taller unseen companion speaking beside her, perhaps an older sister? Or maybe they were a mother and daughter pair?

Her dress was made of a light brown, lightweight fabric, the exact same color as her hair, and came down well past her knees with buttons all the way down the front. It had medium length sleeves that stopped at her elbows, with white cuffs and a plain white collar. I knew she had to be from somewhere else because no girl at my school would ever wear a frumpy dress like that.

Her long hair had no discernable style. It was parted simply down the middle of her head. Its soft, unruly curls were held in check with the help of multiple bobby pins. She was determined to make it behave and stay out of her face, but once it reached her collar, all bets were off. The lower sections twisted out of control with the frizzling tips blending perfectly into the fabric of her dress.

Such out of date attire paired with a somewhat conservative hairstyle made determining an exact age difficult, but there were some clues. While her dress was clearly not designed to emphasize a womanly figure, its thin material did little to obscure her growing frame underneath.

With a certain steadfast confidence, she stood with good posture and her head held high. The two nascent swells on her chest pushed out front panel of her dress and hinted at a burgeoning womanhood. The dress was drawn tightly around her skinny, childish waist with a brown fabric belt. But the way her skirt flared below the belt belied immaturity. She was hiding some alluring curves beneath that unassuming skirt. After watching my sister's naked body progress through corresponding stages of physical development, my detection skills in that respect were finely tuned.

Without even meaning to, I started mentally undressing the young lady. I could guess the size and shape of her growing hips beneath her dress and could also tell she secretly owned a nice, firm bottom. I didn't see the telltale signs of a traditional bra. But, knowing exactly where to look, I easily picked out the two cute nipples which she was in the process of growing. She could have used an extra layer of fabric to help keep those growing treasures a little more of a secret.

When my naked cocked twitched, I instantly regretted letting my horny mind get carried away and start picturing her without clothes. So much for staying as still as a statue. Just then, either drawn by the movement of my penis in her periphery, or sensing a new pair of eyes watching her, the first girl, outside my family, to ever see me naked turned and looked straight at me. It sounds like a cliche, but I'm not joking when I tell you, it felt like time slowed down.

We locked eyes for only a fraction of a second before her focus was instantly attracted to my prick's lewd exhibition. Now that I had been seen, a new panic gripped me. How would this girl react when it hit her that she had discovered a completely naked teenage boy standing in the foyer posing like an Adonis statue and sporting a rather large, fully engorged penis? What would be worse, if she screamed in terror, or started laughing at me? What if she found me disgusting or called me a pervert?

Would she turn and say something to her older companion? I braced myself, fully expecting to hear her say, "Look Mommy, that naughty boy is flashing his wee-wee at me!" and for all hell to break loose.

But that didn't happen. Her very first reaction was understandable. In her young life, this was likely her first time seeing a young man my age naked; certainly, one in such a state of hyper-arousal. Her eyes opened wide, and her mouth fell open in obvious shock. But as she recovered from the initial surprise, something unexpected happened. Her lips curled up at the corners of her still open mouth to form a rather unsettling smile.

I didn't know what else to do but stand there with my cheeks burning red and let her take in my exposed assets. I had been outmaneuvered by my sister and tricked into exposing myself to this innocent, unsuspecting, and pretty girl. Agonizing seconds ticked by, but the girl did not show the least bit of reluctance about openly staring in awe at the impressive specimen of male anatomy being willingly offered for her enjoyment.

The fierce determination in her young eyes unnerved me. She didn't seem the type to factor a silly little thing like my embarrassment into her decision of whether she was going to keep looking at what I had on display. The longer she stared at my nakedness, the more I wished she had chosen to scream instead. At least then I might be granted a reprieve and be ordered to cover myself. But this type of endless exposure was a million times worse.

I didn't think my perilous situation could get any worse. I had already treated one of the girls on the porch to my totally naked treasures, and it was only a matter of time before the other one got her turn. But it turns out my thinking was wrong. Things could and did get worse. Because, just then, Lucy said something apparently humorous, and I heard both girls on the porch laugh at her joke. Then I blinked in surprise when it registered that the girl staring at my erection hadn't made a peep.

I was mistaken. There weren't two girls on the porch. There were three!


