Day and Night 2 (incest, m/t, t/t, forced)

Chapter 4

What have I gotten myself into? I asked myself again. Just the day before, I fucked one son who wanted to be a girl and made a contract with the other to be his mouth and ass slave. What was I thinking? Maybe jail might have been better. All these thoughts ran thru my head as I showered, getting ready for the day. Then I thought about Mattie and got instantly hard. I stroked myself as I remembered how my cock felt sliding in and out of his boy pussy.  The fucklust overwhelmed me and I pulled on my cock as fast as I could, wanting release.

Ready for your first fuck, DaddySlut came Marks voice as he pulled the shower curtain back. My cock wilted. In his hand was a nasty looking candle. It was about 6 inches long, at the short end, the width was an inch and a half and at the fat end it must have been 2 inches. A small dowel had been attached so that he could fuck me with the full length. What made it look nasty was that it had ribs swirling across its length. I was definitely in trouble.

Meet your new best friend, Big Markie. You are going to get to know him intimately. An evil smirk appeared on his face. Since this is your first fuck, Im going go easy on you; first my fingers then a lubed up Markie. "Bend over daddy slut and prepared to be fucked!" his smirk turning into a wide grin.

My last thought before placing my hands against the wall and spreading my legs, was, I could still go to jail. Before I knew it, I felt Marks finger against my anus. Instinctively, I tighten my hole against this invader.

Daddy Slut, you got to relax or it will hurt more he said as he thrust his finger up my ass. Pain shoot thru me and my body jerked upright.

Mark laughed and commented If thats your reaction to my finger, youre in big trouble when we get to Big Markie.  I resumed my position. Silently, he fingerfucked me letting me get used to something up my ass. The pain wasnt bad and I was reminded of my yearly checkup with my doctor as he checked me for prostrate cancer only this time, the finger was never removed. What surprised me was that my anus tightened around his finger and my breathing got a little shorter. I was beginning to feel a little excited. I moaned, not because the finger was turning me on but because I knew I could come to like it.
Taking my moan as a sign, Mark pulled out of me and grabbed the candle. Looking over my shoulder, I saw him put a condom on the thing up for the lube. I couldnt look and squeezed my eyes shut, waiting.

Big Markie meet Daddy Slut he said as he shoved it all the way into me. Howling, I screamed Take it out, Take it out

No Daddy slut, I cant. But I will help make it easier on you he said softly, taking my limp dick in his hand. The pain was excruciating. I felt like I was impaled on a pipe. Letting me get used to the invader, he stroked my cock. There was no way I was going to get excited with this phony dildo up my ass.

It might help if you thought of Mattie he said, still stroking me. I tried to thing of my little girl but the pain too intense. I wanted to die. I was being raped by a candle and there was nothing I could do about it. Mark stopped playing with my cock and had moved his hand to my lower abdomen to support his candle rape. I had to do something! I couldnt bear the pain! I forced myself to think about  Mattie. Harder and harder, I tried to get images of her but the pain wouldnt let me. Finally, I broke through. 

In my mind, she was bent over a table. She was naked except for a pair of panties. She looked over her shoulder so coyly and sexily. Fuck me daddy
Fuck me she seemed to say. I no longer could feel the pain in my ass. The fucklust had pushed it out of my mind. I still could feel Mark fucking me with the candle. I could only feel it going in and out of me. My asshole finally loosened up and accepted the invader. Ripping her panties off I rammed into her.  It felt so good. 

Then the most incredible think happened. The imaged changed and I found myself bent over the table and some unknown cock was fucking my ass. I was panting and pushing my ass back to get more of the mystery cock into me. The fucklust I had for Mattie had turned into a fucklust for this cock. It filled me with desire. With every thrust I wanted more. I never felt anything like it. All I could think about was this mystery cock ramming in and out of me. My fucklust for this cock consumed me. Fuck me I cried

Its about time, Mark said, I hadnt realized I said it out loud. The image in
my head vanished and I was back in the shower. Mark was still fucking me with the candle, only now, there was no pain. The fucklust was real. I was panting and my ass was moving to get more of the waxed pole. The feeling of fullness in my belly added to my fucklust. I wanted more, needed more. More I moaned. Mark responded by fucking me faster and harder. 

Ready for the big finish Mark said sarcastically. Somewhere along the way I got hard and he started to jerk me off to his fucking motions. The fucklust doubled and I couldnt think straight. The fucking of my ass and the jerking of my cock was too much and I shot my load all over the wall. I had to grab for the shower handles as my knees weakened and I thought I was going to collapse.
Mark slowed his fucking and finally stopped leaving my lover in me.

Not bad for a rookie, daddy slut. Leave Big Markie where it is while you finish the shower then put it in my room. 

He left me still leaning against the shower wall, panting with a wax dildo up my ass. I was smiling. All thru the shower, I wanted to grab the candle and fuck myself with it. My cock hardened again and the fucklust returned. Turning off the shower, I knelt. Grabbing the dildo with one hand and my cock with the other, I fucked my ass and jerked myself to another powerful orgasm. I collapsed and lay there accepting that fact that I liked it.

I got out of the shower, the candle still stuck up my ass. Looking in the mirror, there was nothing different, yet everything was different. Pulling the candle out of me, I washed it clean. Feeling the need to shit, I sat on the toilet but nothing happened. What I did next surprised me even more. I kissed the tip of the instrument that too my ass cherry. I bathed it with my tongue before sucking as much of it down my throat as I could. My fucklust returned and I mouthfucked myself. I wanted to consume this thing that had given me so much pleasure. I got beyond the waxy taste and mouth fucked me as I beat off to another powerful orgasm. Awesome I thought and I hadnt been fucked by a real cock yet. I decided to keep Big Markie for myself and not return it to Mark. I would tell him that it broke and I threw it away. You never know when it will be needed.


Chapter 5

Somehow I made it to work. I felt like I was walking around bow-legged. All day my anus involuntarily spasmed and Mattie come to mind and if that wasnt bad enough when I thought of Mattie, my anus again spasmed. My cock stayed dormant.
Then it dawned on me. I must have been in so much pain from the dildo assfucking that my brain disconnected and reconnected to the lustful images of Mattie.
Its was as if my pleasure center moved from my cock to my ass. This reminded me of the movie DeepThroat and I chuckled because if I was correct then I was DeepAss.

Somehow I made it through the day and all the way home I could only think of Mattie. My asshole was a constant spasm and my cock was erect. I needed to get home and fuck my little girl. Running up the stairs, couldnt get to Mattie room fast enough. She was sitting at the desk, her back to me. Her hair was down, rather than the ponytail Matt wore it in. She wore a button down shirt that was tied just below her tits and a pair of panties. I was leaking and my anus was driving me insane.

Cupping her boy breasts and kneading them, I nibbled on her ear. 

Hi, daddy

Oh, baby, I need to feel my cock in your pussy Stand up and bend over the chair

As she obeyed, I dropped my pants, stroking myself. The fucklust in my ass
was intense. Ripping her panties off, I rammed into her. It felt so good as
I fucked in and out of her but it wasnt as great as before. My asshole was in
forefront of my consciousness and it aching to be filled but that didnt stop me from pounding away in Matties pussy. I grabbed her by her tits and pulled her against my chest. Groping for her clit, I found it. As I fucked her, stroked her
boyclit. Pushing back over the chair, I fucked her hard and fast but the fucklust was fading.

Isnt that cute. DaddySlut can still fuck.

It was Mark. I hadnt heard him come in. I felt his cock against my hole and the fucklust returned with a vengeance. I needed his cock so bad that I pushed my hips back trying to get him inside me. My own cock was still inside Mattie but just barely. I had forgotten all about her. My awareness was in my asshole and not my cock.

So, DaddySlut wants my cock now?

Yes, I need your cock I moaned still trying to capture my prize.

All you had to do was ask and with that Mark thrust into me. I moaned and moved my hips to get more of him into me

Fuck yourself on my cock, DaddySlut Mark commanded.

I was only too happy to. He stood still and I fucked myself on his pole. As I moved off him, my cock slid deeper into Mattie and she moaned. I didnt care about her. The fucklust was building and I was seesawing back and forth on
Marks rod. I was barely aware when I shoot my load into Mattie, but Mark somehow knew. He moved away from me and I was fucking air.


Over to the bed, both of you. Matt, get on your back. DaddySlut, suck your cum out of my dear bother

Matt lay back on the bed, his ass hanging over the end. I was on him in a minute, I wanted the cock back in my ass and the sooner I was in position the better.
Lifting his legs, I put my lips to his hole and sucked. My mouth was flooded with my own cream which I gulped down as fast as I could. When there was no more, I lapped the area clean and moved on to his cock. The fucklust had me enthralled.
I needed cock and since Mark had not begun fucking me again, then a cock in the mouth would have to do. I sucked Matts cock down my throat in one gulp and sucked him like I wanted to be fucked; hard and fast. I pretended my mouth was my hole and it momentarily satisfied my lust.

It seemed that Mark had left the room and returned because I felt him shove Big Markie up my ass and I screamed out in pleasure. My cock roared to life.

Fuck me, Markie fuck me I cried over and over again. I was delirious. My need was being satisfied. My hole opened accepting my cherry taker. I had forgotten
all about Matt and his cock. I was Big Markies bitch and I loved it.

Switch, brother Mark declared and the Matt moved behind me, not missing a beat
with the wax dildo. Mark move to the space Matt had vacated. He grabbed my head
forced it down on his cock. I gagged but that didnt stop him from mouth fucking me. He sat there, not moving, pulling my mouth on and off his cock. I was literally facefucking myself.

Matt wasnt as forceful as Mark but it was enough to keep the fucklust going.
Through the lust I heard him talking. The dildo was hitting my belly every time
causing my fucklust to grow.

Mattie wants to thank you for the gorgeous fuck the other day but from now on she says shes the one who decides when you can fuck her not you ramming the dildo into me for emphasis. And you are Matts DaddySlut too. Youll spread your legs for him anytime anywhere from now on.

My mouth was crammed with boy cock or I would have said, Yes, Matt, anytime anywhere

By now Mark was moaning and I could tell he was going to cum. With on mighty pull, his cock rode deeper down my throat and shot its goo. It went directly into my belly. He held my head tight against his belly and thrust, trying to get deeper. This triggered my fucklust and I spewed my second load within an hour.
I was drained. Matt fucked in and out of me a few more times and pulled Markie
out of me. I moaned and felt so empty. Moving to my head and pulling me off Marks cock, he shoved my lover down my throat.

Clean it was all he said. I tasted wax and my own shit but that didnt matter.
It had given me so much pleasure I didnt care. When Matt thought I had done enough he pulled out of my mouth and told me to get the fuck out of his room.

I stumbled to my bed and was instantly asleep and slept till morning.


(Part 3 - where mark shows up at dads work and introduces some of his co-workers to DaddySlut.-------------------------Are we having fun yet? I AM)

Tyler Thane
tylerthane@yahoo.com
http://www.asstr.org/~tylerthane































 


 















