“You’re upset,” Blaine said, as Tina entered the crowded restaurant. She honestly wanted to hit him for those words. Of course she was upset. She was wearing an uncomfortable dress, on a fake date with a gay man, while the man that she loved was going through god knows what and it was her fault. To say that Tina was upset was a painful understatement and Blaine was being an idiot.

“No, do I look upset?” she snapped, angrily. “Mike is going through some horrible retraining because of me and I’m on a date with a gay man who I cannot even stand at this moment. Blaine Anderson, yes, I am upset.”

Blaine looked around and spoke in hushed tones. “Tina, you need to be quiet,” he said softly. “We are in public and you are going to get yourself into even more trouble. “I know that you’re upset and you have every right to be, but just try to sit back and enjoy your dinner. You look beautiful.”

Tina shook her head. She was trying her hardest not to cry, as she had been crying for days now, but the tears were starting to brew in the corners of her eyes again. She felt so pathetic for crying like this. She lowered her head and used the corner of a cloth napkin to wipe at her eyes. “I hate you,” she said. She didn’t exactly hate Blaine. She knew that he was a teenager going through the same things that she was, but she had to hate someone while she felt so insecure and afraid.

Blaine swallowed deeply and spoke low. “I know you’re in a lot of pain, Tina,” he said. “I was trying to dissuade you from acting out on your feelings, because I knew that they were dangerous. I knew that you would get into trouble for them. You’re lucky that it’s only a couple of weeks and that you didn’t wind up arrested.”

Tina sighed a little bit. “How can you sit there and lie to the world?” she asked.

“I don’t like it,” he said, “but I do what I have to do Tina. You’re a nice girl, and though I’m not attracted to you, at least we can enjoy tonight, right?”

She shook her head but didn’t say anything else.

A waitress approached them and Tina ordered a small dish, though she wasn’t hungry and felt close to vomiting. “Blaine,” she whispered, finally looking up at her companion again. “You do love…you know…right?”

Blaine looked off and then spoke in the same vague terms that she did. “Probably,” he said. “I just know better than to scream it off the rooftops.”

Tina frowned, feeling admonished and completely guilty for what she had done. Mike was somewhere being hurt because of her and here she was sitting in the middle of an upscale restaurant.

“Why the hell did you send me all that stuff?” she asked softly. “Some of it was alright, but you really think I’d lay into Mike with a freaking bullwhip? Do you and Kurt-“

“Sometimes,” Blaine said. “We definitely have pushed his limits from time to time, but no, I’ve never really abused him. He came from an abusive trader. I know I was projecting and being a jerk by doing that Tina. I was just trying to warn you in a subtle way that if you weren’t careful about maintaining the image of a harsh mistress…”

“Then horrible things would happen,” she said, nodding. She picked up her napkin and twirled it in her fingers. She was so nervous and upset and she wanted to be anywhere else. “Do you know…what happens to slaves being retrained?”

Blaine was very quiet, not wanting anyone to eavesdrop on them, especially not with Tina in trouble. “I asked Kurt,” he whispered. “It’s not good. It’s very…brutal. He’s going to need a lot of help when he’s returned to you Tina.”

Blaine’s voice then rose to a normal level and they spoke about normal things, school, work, their shared interest in music and singing. It almost seemed like it was normal and not terribly faked. The food came and it was decent, the couple of bites that Tina managed before she started picking her portion. It was all a show for the world around them.

When it was over, Blaine kissed her goodnight– on the lips. It was skeevy, gross and made her feel a little nauseous. “I’m sorry,” he whispered. “Take care Tina.”