Karma Wears Lingerie
byViredae©

Karma wanted to get revenge on her sister for what happened at the pool.

In reality, it wasn't Gretchen's fault that Karma's bottoms got loose and left her bottomless, but she suspected that the bottoms disappearing and the top coming off were indeed her sister's doing, that and her taking advantage of the situation in the pool's locker room meant that Gretchen was not entirely innocent.

That's why Karma told her friends to go ahead when she spotted Gretchen going into a lingerie shop, Karma made sure to shadow her sister at a distance as to not alert her, she made sure to stay out of sight as Gretchen picked out some underwear to try out, talked to a shop owner and headed to the changing booths, this wasn't so hard as the shop was going for a moody and sexy atmosphere of low lighting, making concealment that much easier.

Now, Karma was quite surprised as Gretchen was, to Karma's knowledge, still a virgin, yet here she was, her younger sister was buying some fairly sexy lingerie.

Karma picked out something off the shelf without thinking and followed Gretchen into the changing area.

The booths themselves were essentially stalls with the walls stopping about a foot above the ground, she saw the stall Gretchen had stepped into and went into the stall right next to it.

She watched and saw that Gretchen was starting to change, her clothes were crumpling onto the ground told Karma that her sister was in the middle of changing, she was about to snatch the clothes when a voice came in from the outside:

"Miss, are you okay in there?" the shop owner that Gretchen was talking to was now checking up on her, and in a panic, Karma was worried that she would miss her opportunity to steal her sister's clothes if she took too long.

Instinctively, Karma looked at the lingerie set she had picked up, it was a lacy set of black underwear that actually looked pretty nice, she considered trying it on before remembering that she didn't have that much time:

"Uh, yeah, I'm fine, thank you." she absent-mindedly replied as she stole another look at where Gretchen's clothes were, and sadly, she saw that the clothes were no longer there, was Gretchen already gone? Or was she still in there trying out lingerie?

Sighing and figuring that she had some time, she decided to try the underwear on, might as well make use of her time the best way possible and keep the attendant's suspicions at bay, and who knows, she might actually buy the thing.

Karma began to take her clothes off and got dressed in the black underwear, and while she looked stunning as usual in that set, it was a little too snug, she decided to call for the shop owner again and as for help:

"Hello, can I get some help here?" She called out, cracking the door to the stall just a little bit, she spotted the shop owner, who spotted her as well and walked up briskly.

"Yes? How can I help?" She asked, noticing the naked Karma and letting a faint trace of a grin slip on her face.

"I need the same set, but one size larger." Karma handed the lingerie over, the shop owner looked at the set, nodded and told her she'd be right back.

Closing the door again and turning around, Karma looked down to see that... Her clothes were gone!

Karma spun around looking for any trace of her clothes, but there was nothing there! There was nothing in the stall, not even her shoes remained.

Did Gretchen take them? Pulling the same stunt she intended to pull? Just as she wondered that she heard her sister calling out from outside:

"Come on out Karma, I know you're in there." Karma heard Gretchen's voice from outside, she cracked the door open again and peered out, and there was her younger sister with her hands on her hips.

"I'm kinda indisposed here, Greg, go away!" Karma tried shooing her sister away, hoping that the shop owner would come back soon so she could ask her for help leaving here.

"If you're waiting for Sharon, she's not gonna come back," Gretchen said as the stall door was about to close shut again, and that prompted Karma to open it again, this time a bit wider.

"Did you steal my clothes, you bitch?!" Karma kept her privates covered, she was blushing from head to toe and she had fury and shame mixed into her expression.

"If you can tell me that you weren't going to do the same to me, I'll apologize and get them back right now," Gretchen tilted her head towards the main area of the shop "But I doubt you can do that without lying, so I suggest you just accept your punishment and put your arms down."

Karma fell silent for a while, but after a few seconds, she dropped her arms and gave her sister a clear view of her full and firm breasts, as well as her neatly trimmed bush.

"C'mon, get your spanks in and let's get this over with." Karma was about to turn around, but Gretchen stopped her in her tracks:

"I never said I'd be administering your punishment," Gretchen pointed at the doorway back to the main area and then smacked Karma's taut butt when she turned to look in that direction, who gasped in surprise before giving her younger sister a look of disbelief.

"Believe it or not, this wasn't my idea, it was Sharon who has something in mind for you." And with those words, Karma was marched out into the store proper, naked as the day she was born.

When Karma's eyes adjusted from the harsh fluorescent lighting of the changing rooms to the dim mood lighting of the store, the first thing that attracted her attention was the dozen or so women (and the couple of men that dared to come into the store with them) who were staring at her naked body, she felt herself blush hotly as she was marched, fully exposed, all the way up to the counter, where Sharon stood.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize to spring this on you, but we have a bit of a situation here," Sharon began announcing her plan to the shocked and bewildered customers, who, out of sheer curiosity, decided to approach the now naked woman and the apparently quite upset shop owner "this young lady decided it would be funny to pull a cruel prank on her sister, a good friend of mine and customer of the shop.

"She intended to steal the poor girl's clothes while she perused our wares, and so since she has been hoisted by her own petard, I wanted to make sure she regrets her actions to the fullest extent." Sharon's tone began to soften, now that she was done addressing Karma and now began addressing the audience themselves "I wholeheartedly understand if you're unwilling to remain for the show, and I'd be more than happy to open the shutters for you to leave, I will also offer you your purchases for free if you would keep the events of today private.

"I also must insist that you keep what will happen here private, so please, if you decide to stay, no photos, no videos."

Karma chanced a glance at the entrance to the shop, something she was afraid of doing lest she finds herself exposed to the rest of the mall, she was somewhat relieved to find it locked up and the shutters brought down, the closed sign facing outwards, on the other hand, this meant that they had her trapped in here and she was at their complete mercy.

Sadly, nobody wanted to miss the show Karma was supposed to be providing, she didn't know what that show entailed, maybe more spanking, this time, it was in front of the customers instead of back at the changing stalls with only her sister as the sole witness, and that alone was far worse than what transpired before, at least in a locker room, you might see someone naked, but here, this was in as public a place as was legally permissible, and even then it's a stretch.

"Well, it seems everyone is waiting on you, little miss prankster, go sit on the counter." Sharon pointed at the cashier's counter, now empty with the only customers in the shop preoccupied with her punishment "Oh, and no covering up, we're past the point of you feigning modesty."

Karma hopped onto counter nervously, she wasn't sure what was coming, but she figured that it wasn't going to be another round of spanking seeing where they wanted her.

"So Gretchen, what do you think your sister would have made you do if her plan succeeded?" Sharon asked the now gloating sister, who thought for a second:

"It would certainly be worse than a spanking, which is what I did the last time she pulled this sort of thing" Gretchen mused, and her musings weren't winning Karma any favor with the crowd, who were admittedly hesitant, albeit still morbidly curious at the scene unfolding before them "But knowing Karma, she would definitely be sadistic enough to suggest something like making me masturbate."

The people watching gasped and murmured, causing Karma to groan and shrink in shame, even more so than being naked, after all the shopkeeper was right; Karma wasn't the most modest person in the world, not with her body, ultimately, this turnabout was more infuriating to her than embarrassing, knowing she got caught again, and she had an inkling where this was going.

"Wow, your sister's a real mean bitch," Sharon was fairly surprised along with everyone else, and Gretchen could do nothing but nod and explain this further:

"I've seen her pants so many people back at school!" Gretchen expounded further about her sister's exploits, telling of the menace she was to everyone alongside her gang of bullies "And that was her favorite form of punishment, just stripping people and making them masturbate for her and her friends."

At this point, everybody was on board with this result, and Sharon felt that everyone was waiting for her to give the final word, she decided that delaying any further was pointless.

"Well then Karma, I think you know what we want to see, and you won't be getting any clothes until you do." Sharon nodded, and stood there arms akimbo, waiting for the naked girl to begin "Play with yourself while we watch, and don't stop until you cum."

Karma just sighed and let her hands wordlessly do the work, she grabbed one breast in hand and let the other move down and immediately plunge into her wet pussy; there was no helping her body's natural reflex, exasperating as it may be.

And so Karma began to slowly but skillfully tease her body, pinching her nipples as her other hand's fingers sawed in and out of her slick and squelching depths, she found herself moaning as she brought herself closer and closer to climax.

The hand on her breast departed and darted down to her clit, giving it extra attention as she, in a surprising moment of clarity, realized she was naked and masturbating in front of nearly a dozen strangers, a fate she inflicted on so many others, and with that she came violently, juices gushing out onto the countertop as her vision blurred and her consciousness felt faint.

As the orgasm faded, Karma slowly drifted back to reality, and only then did it truly hit her what she just did, but it didn't matter, the only thing that mattered was her sister, she was already dead set on taking revenge, and she was going to make sure her sister regretted this as she hurriedly grabbed the clothes she was given, dressed in them and ran out the door.

Ironically, Sharon saw it fit to keep Karma's underwear and not return them to her, another reminder of her failure, and another reason to hold a grudge.


