Where It All Began
byKtheDirtWitch©

I am a 5 ft 5 latina with short black hair, a swimmers figure, and 36D breasts that have driven all the boys crazy since I was 15.

Back in college friday night was when I hung out with my group of friends. We would watch old movies, play DnD and of course we would drink. It was a group of five people, three guys, Troy, Alex and Chris and two girl, me and Carolyn. The group had been bigger, but at the end of the previous year my boyfriend had had accepted a full scholarship at another university. We had been together for four years so we were trying make long distance work.

This particular friday we were watching the Matrix Reloaded and playing its drinking game. Carolyn was sitting on Troys lap in the reclining chair and I was sitting between Chris and Alex on the sofa. The two love birds had pretty tipsy and had already started fooling around. He had the hand around her shoulder playing with her breast and she was rubbing her butt on his crotch. After half an hour they made up some excuse and left. When they did I said I needed to use the little girls room, Alex paused the movie but I told him to let it continue and I went into the bathroom.

It had been 3 months since my boyfriend had moved and the this bathroom had been a god send (or should I say devil send ;) ). You see Carolyn was in the room next door and since Troy had roommates they usually went back to her room for him to plow Carolyn. Oh yeah, and there was a peep whole in the bathroom wall that looked right into her bedroom, courtesy of a previous occupant.

After I closed the door behind me I quickly pulled down my pants and tossed my panties onto the counter as I walked over to the peep hole. Troy liked to act out porn scenes (like most guys) so when I looked through I saw him standing, shirt off, while Carolyn knelt in front of him naked and pulling his cock out of his pants. As she took his cock in her mouth I slid my fingers into my moist pussy and began to masturbate. Not for the first time my imagination plays a scene of Troy, horny and frustrated because Carolyn isn't in, coming into my room to find me just getting out of the shower. Over come by lust he pushes me against the wall my towel falls open and he reaches down, unzipping his pants and...

"Hey Kelsy..." Alex says, turning the door knob that I had forgotten to lock!

"HEY!! What do you think you are doing!" I shout, as Alex covers his eyes.

"Sorry but I am about to explode, and you have been in her for almost ten minutes."

I yanked by pants back on and hurried back out to the couch. I had been so close to cumming, and now I was horny and couldn't get that image of a naked women on her knees in front of a man blowing him. As I sat back on the couch I noticed the TV was paused and turned to Chris asking why.

"I wanna play a new drinking game." He said. "We each get a character, your Trinity. Whenever your character changes outfit you have to take a drink, and..." He grinned. "Change into what they are wearing."

Ah, I saw where this was going. Chris knew I had leather boots, pants and bustier. He just wanted a show, Chris had been trying to see me naked or get into my pants for years. I bit my lip. It was a bad idea, but if I had to change I could at least use the privacy to finish what I had started earlier, and I was feeling pretty horny by now.

"Come on, I have the leather jacket to be Neo and everything." Chris pleaded.

I gave in to my need and said, "Okay, fine."

"Great!" He said as he grabbed the remote and turned the movie back on.

The scene showed Neo and Trinity talking to Morphias in the underground human city. "Looks like you'll just have to wait, they are wearing pretty much what we are" I gloated at Chris.

after a minutes Neo and Trinity left Morphias and went to what looked like a dirtier version of my dorm room. After a few more lines of dialogue Trinity kissed Neo and stood slightly back. \iUh oh...\i0

Then I watched her lift her arms and remove her shirt, showing her breast. Chris paused the movie, trinity topless, arms behind her head, her breasts sticking out for all to see. Over the years Chris had managed to see me topless once or twice, but never at such close range and I had never willingly removed my top for him. But It would just be a topless scene and some making out then I would get to change into her leather get up and I could finally release my tension.

I sighed downed my drink and pulled my shirt over my head. Then with one hand I covered my breasts and with the other I unclasped and removed my bra. I have fairly large 36D breasts and my arm only really managed to cover my areoles, there was still a lot of cleavage and under boob on display.

"Hey, that's not fair." Chris protested.

"The rule was I had to dress like her, not pose too" I said sticking out my tongue and using the remote to turn the movie back on.

When the movie started again Neo took off his shirt too. Chris' shirt was off even before Neo finished removing his. Then Trinity's head dropped below the screen. \iCrap\i0 Then the scene cut to Neo laying naked on his bed, his hands grasping Trinities breasts as she straddled him... naked.

Chris reached over and took the remote control, pausing the movie. I hardly noticed the fact that he his hand had cupped my left breast on its way by. All I could think was \iMy panties are on the bathroom counter...\i0

"Now Chris..."

He didn't wait for the back peddling that he knew I was about to do. Half standing up he grabbed the waist of my pants and started to pull them firmly down. Panicking I squirmed and tried to push him away, my arm no longer trying to cover my breasts. They bounced as I struggled, but I only managed to help loosen my pants and as Chris got them all the way off I fell off the couch onto the floor.

As I sat there, my legs spread underneath me, I looked up to see Chris standing over me grinning. As the image of Troy and Carolyn filled my head Chris undid his pants. His semi-hard cock fell out into my face. It was only an inch from my lips and I could feel the heat of it. I was so horny I couldn't move, couldn't think.

"Time for you to drink" He said, moving his cock towards my mouth, which opened on instinct. He put one hand behind my head and rhythmically moved my head forward and backward on his hardening cock. \iWhy am I doing this?\i0 I thought, \iBut it tastes so good, and I am so wet...\i0

I looked up and saw that both his hands were on his hips, and my head was still moving. Which meant... Which meant that he wasn't fucking my mouth, I was giving him a blow job! As this realization dawned on me the bathroom door opened and Alex stepped out.
