Once, Rebecca Marlow had wanted a baby of her own more than anything.

As an unmarried woman in the 1980s who had no interest rutting with a man, this put her in a difficult situation. She couldn't afford intensive fertility treatments, and nothing else she could get her hands on worked. Her sister Maggie urged her to adopt, but Rebecca wanted a child growing inside her, wanted to feel it kicking and moving, wanted the blood and pain of childbirth to know that child was hers, forever. She wanted it more than sex, more than a lover, more than she wanted to successfully run her own coffeeshop. It was all she could think about, and she began to believe she'd do anything to get pregnant.

So it wasn't too surprising, in the end, that she crawled back to her old perverse fascination with the occult. In her teens, and for a few hectic semesters of college, she had dallied with the incantations and the ritual—just long enough to be frightened and intrigued by what a few words and herbs could offer a person willing to go the distance. She'd continued with the occasional ritual even into her late twenties, but burned everything after the White House Massacre, terrified of the consequences if anyone had even gotten a hint about her fascination. She had watched people who had touched the supernatural less than she beaten, ostracized and deported, and more than once thanked any power listening that anyone who had known about her obsession had not followed her from Oklahoma State back to her hometown of Tulsa.

But eventually, as her desire for a child grew and the fervor died down, Rebecca couldn't quite step away from the old call. Certainly, the Campbells were still successfully running the Facility, capturing and containing monsters, but the average public was less aware—or ready to attack—the monsters in their midst. Rebecca figured she could find what she needed with minimal risk. 

But genuine fertility rites were hard to come across. She'd never noticed how few traditional witchcraft spells—at least the ones she was willing to try, as she drew the line at anything that required a human sacrifice or something she could not safely get without setting off all kinds of red flags—offered safe, reliable pregnancy. But she kept looking, each time a new spell amounted to nothing, and what she learned in the meantime was deeply, temptingly practical. And the second she started again, even to dip her fingertips in the deep pools of power, she could feel the old addictive allure of it coming back to her, running under her fingers, the heady knowledge of what she could tap into with a few generic ingredients and whispered words. Rebecca had a knack for it like she'd had for few things in her life, and it was difficult, after that first sip, not to start drinking the power down. She remembered what it had been like in college, what the power felt like, and it became very hard stop. And, on many levels, she didn't want to.

With more knowledge came contacts, contacts who were walking examples of the profit that could come to someone willing to lay basic hexes. They wore expensive suits and never had to worry about their insurance payments. And when they smiled, Rebecca could see the shark-toothed promise of what playing the dangerous game could give her. That's where the money was, not in any good-fortune crap, but for the bitter and desperate looking to inflict their own pain on whoever they thought deserved it. People were willing to pay—and pay well—to make others hurt.

Rebecca knew it was dangerous, of course, these sorts of transactions with strangers, but at last she had the means to affording the treatment that would let her carry a child. She had a gift, she told herself, and it would be a waste not to use it, not after she'd come this far. So she dealt in desperation and vengeance, collecting dirty money - though never blood money, she was careful not to get in that deep - from anonymous sources.

And she was good. Her hexes always stuck, and she never promised anything that she couldn't deliver. In certain circles, everyone knew that Rebecca Marlow was reliable and willing.

Eventually she started working for politicians who had the ready cash to purchase an extra bit of polish and shine for themselves and kick bad luck and dirt on their opponents. Rebecca smiled at them, took their money, her shark-toothed smiled clean and honest, but beneath it she despised them all. They were so petty, so self-obsessed, rotten with a hypocrisy that went from just under their skin down to the bones. As time went on, she cared less and less what she was casting. They all deserved it anyway. She was just a well-paid medium for other people's malice. She wasn't the one with evil intentions; her only crime was capitalism.

Arrogance crept up on her, and with it came recklessness, and one day she walked into a trap. The client had set up the usual private room that contained all the ingredients she didn't dare carry with her. No one was in the basic, dirty room with a single bed, but it wasn't uncommon for her to just come, pick up the cash and perform the ritual. The client would supply the hair or personal items for a curse, or pick up and plant the hex bags after she had left.

She had just begun calling on the usual names, reaching for the knife with one hand and the flame with the other when when the door burst in, and she found herself lying on her stomach, handcuffs snapped over her wrists, men shouting about exactly how few rights she had.

Later, looking back obsessively to that do to see what she had done wrong, she realized that there had been no warning signs, no details that were off. She had just taken one too many jobs and someone had put the pieces together.

The the judicial procress went with the usual speed for a witch: a closed hearing to consider the evidence, no jury, and that same night she found herself trundled into a van for deportation to Nevada, clasping her shaking hands together and acutely aware these were the last hours she would be able to do so.

A great deal of the blind terror which had suffocated her since her arrest—and through the long, sleepless hours of trial and transportation—bled out after they sawed off her right hand. After that, there was nothing left to hope for. She had endured the punishment that had always hung over her head, and it was like the addiction to magic that had ridden her had been purged and seared away with the hot iron against the stump. Yes, she knew the worst was not over—no, she had only just arrived in hell—but now all she had left to do was bear it. In some ways, it was a relief not to be contantly afraid of discovery or betrayal, always wondering if this was the spell or the client that would end her. The day she was incarcerated, right before they amputated her hand, they informed her that her execution would take place in two to three years. 

At first she couldn't stop trembling when she thought of it—though that might have been the blood loss as well—but after two weeks in Freak Camp, the assurance of a certain end became the best comfort she had. 

She had known camp life wouldn't be pleasant, but nothing had prepared her for the daily nightmare, the new lessons in humiliation and degradation. The camp had changed fundamentally from how it was first portayed when Nancy Reagan entered as its first inmate. The guards were nasty pieces of work, and there was no court of appeal for monsters. No one cared. She had forfeited her humanity, and the concept of "inhuman treatment" didn't exist inside the complex. Rebecca could still remember, with bitter irony, the wave of anger and panic that swept the country five years ago after the attacks on the Reagans, how a middle-aged mother beat to death a supposed shapeshifter with her purse in a mall and no one moved to stop her. They believed she and all the other monsters deserved this. And as far as everyone who had once loved her was concerned—like her sister Maggie, or the few friendships that had outlasted her obsessions—she was already dead. No civilian visitors were allowed in Freak Camp.

But not quite two months after she arrived—when she began to wonder if she would last until her execution date or if she should want to—everything changed. A new shipment of monsters arrived, including a little boy—maybe five years old—one of the youngest she had seen behind these fences. His look of wide-eyed innocence, complete with touseled sandy hair, was completely at odds with the stark characters tattooed on the delicate skin over his collarbone. He was still crying from the pain, tugging at the new collar bound around his neck, when she found him curled in a cot much too long for him, muffling his cries in the completely inadequate, stained blanket. He already sported a blackened eye, though whether it was from the trip or the unloading process, she didn't know.

Rebecca had had handfuls of her hair ripped out, been forced to bend over in front of a roomful of monsters as a guard took her, but her heart broke in a wholly new way as she pulled the boy to her in the dark barracks. She kept her stub of an arm out of sight and rubbed his back with her remaining hand, shushing him until he quieted, then asked his name.

"Sam," he whispered, and wrapped his arms around her neck, hanging on tight.

It was then she realized that witchcraft had brought her a child after all.

Sam was a gift, though a bittersweet one. A child his age should have been anywhere but Freak Camp, and she felt sick when she thought of the cruelty in store for him. She, at least, had knowingly broken the law, taken the risks; Sam and the other children who were born with strange abilities or been victims of attacks hadn't done anything to deserve this life. 

But now she had a focus, a reason to be thankful she had been stupid and gotten caught. This was what she had wanted so badly, and though Sam had not been born to her, she had paid for him in pain and blood, and she was the only thing he had. He would never see his real, human family again. And if he was going to live to see his next birthday, he needed her.

Everything she had once dreamed of doing for a child of her own was impossible here. No shopping for clothes as he grew, no enrolling him in swimming lessons and soccer leagues. She couldn't even plan on helping him through adolescence. She had two years to do everything she could for Sam, to ensure he lasted longer than she would.

But even while she bargained and fought for the best food she could get for Sam, and watched him scarf it down and turn to her with wide eyes to ask for more, she couldn't escape the feeling that if she really cared for him, she would be negotiating for a lethal dose of morphine instead. One quick injection would be Sam's ticket out of the camp, the only possible escape besides Special Research and the incinerator. She would be saving him years of pain and abuse, of growing up to be the guards' plaything, punching bag, and worse.

But every time she thought of ending it, even gently pushing her folded blanket down over his face while he slept, holding it hard until he moved no more, she knew that she couldn't do it. It might have been the most selfish choice she had ever made, but she could not kill her child, could not take the one bright piece of joy and love out of her life. Unable to make the truly merciful choice, she went for the second best option by trying to equip Sam to survive the best he could in the very worst circumstances. Which was every day of Freak Camp.

So she taught Sam to keep quiet, to obey quickly and without questions, to avoid attracting attention. She taught him not to run to her or hug her in public, not to show what he wanted, not to want. He was a monster, she told him, and this is how monsters are treated. There was nothing he or anyone else could do to change it.

She could tell he was a smart child, a good boy. He listened and though he didn't understand at first, the lessons sunk in. He used what she taught him, and it helped, it made life a little easier for them. That was all Rebecca had to console herself that now, finally, she mattered. She didn't feel the need to atone for what she'd done, all the curses she'd cast, but she was glad that at last in her life, she was doing some good.

She tried to protect Sam in every way she could, and most of the time that involved expecting and being prepared for the worst. When he had food, she warned him there might not be much more. When the guards ignored him for a few days, she reminded him that he might get a beating tomorrow for nothing more than looking at them wrong. When the weather was actually bearable, she reminded him that in the night it would be too cold, that the next day it could be too hot.

She tried to train him not to have expectations, because then he wouldn't be broken when they were stripped away one by one. She taught him to fear everything, to accept fear as an everyday condition, and how when the things he feared came to pass, to make them not matter.

And somehow she kept him alive and as healthy as it was possible to be in Freak Camp, even when there was not enough food to go around, even when that hunter's kid started talking to Sam whenever his father came to participate in an interrogation.

Of all the many threats facing them every day, that one terrified her the most, because attention from hunters—whether they be grown sadists like Victor or baby-hunters like Winchester's son—meant no good for her or Sam.

Sam believed it all, that the world could always get worse, but she never quite managed to get him to fear the other boy, who could have had him whipped or killed at a word. She just kept watching over Sam and hoping that the one other child he interacted with on a regular basis wouldn't be the thing that broke him. She hoped that it would be something else, and not his friend; but other than telling him again and again that Dean couldn't actually want much from him, that he couldn't push it or assume they were friends, there was nothing that she could do.

Two and a half years went by quickly, with someone to care for and focus on, and one day Al pulled her aside and smiled nastily down at her. Rebecca braced herself, expecting a beating or maybe an offer that would make her sick—though she would do it, if it would get her food for Sam.

"Hey Handy," Al said. "You're not going to be around to play any more. We've only got you for one more month and then you're off to Special Research. Better get your kicks in while you can. They're not as nice as we are here."

Then he pushed her away, laughing, and she stared at his reteating back, frozen, horrified, no longer caring that she showed it. She had known this day was coming, but it was easy to lose track of days and months when they were really just another blowjob for an extra dinner portion, another growth spurt for Sam, another round of imported monsters. Even with time to prepare, she couldn't remain composed after the news, not after hearing so much about Special Research. But the worst part, always the worst part, was the thought of what would happen to Sam without her.

She'd been warning Sam from the first day that she wouldn't be there forever, that she would have to go away. She'd never been able to stop herself from saying that she would always love him, that she would watch over him from wherever she went, even if that might have been the biggest lie she'd ever told. Three weeks to go, she gathered her strength to tell him that the time had come. It would be the last opportunity she'd have to give him what he needed to survive.

Sam had been doing such a good job, hadn't cried in so long, but when she told him she was going away, tears filled his eyes, and he rubbed them away with his knuckles.

"I don't w-w-want you to go..."

"Shhhh." She pressed her finger gently to his lips. "Remember, you can't use that word. We don't get to want things."

Sam sniffed and nodded.

Rebecca stroked his hair, still soft despite the harsh soaps, and continued in a soft, soothing tone. "Death is a wonderful thing, Sam. Don't ever be afraid of it. It means getting out of here. And I don't want to leave you, my baby" - endearments were risky, too much love which would only hurt him later when they were gone, but she was too weak to give them up - "I don't want to leave you here, not at all, but I don't have a choice. They say it's time for me to go."

Sam started to cry, but quietly, and she pulled him to her chest, closing her eyes and allowing herself to feel his weight and warmth. She wouldn't be able to feel him against like this her many more times, his head falling against her chest, her arms wrapping around him giving them both the illusion that she could protect him. Maybe if she could remember this moment, this sweetness, she would be able to die remembering that at least something in her life had been worth it.

"Be happy for me," she whispered in his ear. "Smile when you think of me, because I won't be here anymore. I'll somewhere much much better, and one day you'll see me again, when you leave here too. I'll see you again, I promise. But in the meantime you have to be strong and remember everything I told you." 

Rebecca wasn't actually certain of heaven or if she would go there, after all she'd done, but she was sure Sam had nothing to worry about. A few lies now wouldn't hurt, not if it would help him after she'd gone.

When the last day came, there were no goodbyes. They had just finished breakfast - toast and a runny gray substance she thought was supposed to resemble porridge - and she had nudged Sam to the yard with the other young children where he would learn to read—the Directors of the camp though that the children might still be young enough to be useful—telling him to behave and she would see him at lunch. She had barely turned from him when Bernard clamped his hand around her wrist, grinning at her in a way she associated with the very worst days, and then snapped the red chain and leather leash to her collar.

"Today's the day, lucky bitch," he said, and yanked her viciously forward. "Now the real fun starts."

Rebecca fell forward to her knees, unable to catch herself from the most standard of assaults when all the strength had been wiped out of her legs, and had to be hauled up again by the leash. She had promised herself she would keep it together until she went through the gate to Special Research, but as she stared up through blurry eyes at her last glimpse of sky and felt wetness trickle down her thighs, all she could pray for was Sam to be out of sight when she crossed the yard to her death.

~*~

John Winchester had no trouble signing into Freak Camp with his ten-year-old son in toe. He was a legend, a man who—alone, with an ax— went after monsters that other hunters tackled in groups, armed with machine guns. If he said that young Dean could handle himself surrounded by the all-too-human monsters, then no one else was going to critique his judgment or his parenting choices.

On his part, Dean Winchester was glad to be with his Dad, any time. It was only in the last few years that John had begun letting him participate in hunts, guard the Impala while he went after vamps, and not leaving him alone in the hotel, or with friends. Now he was at Freak Camp and ready to see the real monsters in the light of day and not at midnight in a broken-down house.

John Winchester followed the guide between the shapeless barracks buildings on his way toward Special Research. He looked neither to the left nor the right, and barely noticed his son tagging along behind. His face was focused, dangerous, and more than one monster—digging trenches for new fencing or white washing the blank walls—looked away quickly as he walked past. Easy to see the obsession, the focus, and the rage just under his surface.

Compared to that, little Dean was easy to miss, even though the sight of a child walking easy, fearlessly along the dirt paths usually tread by terrified monsters or confident hunters, was deeply unusual.

Right outside the chained, electrified gate of Special Research, the guide realized that there were two people following him, not just one.

He nodded at Dean. "Maybe the kid should wait out here."

John frowned at him, as though the words didn't make sense at first. And then he glanced down quickly at Dean, just then noticing that his son wasn't waiting outside in the Impala. "Yes. Thank you. Dean, I need you to stay out here."

Dean stared, the beginning of protest growing on his face. "But, Dad I want—"

"No Dean, not today."

Dean stopped. It was clear on his face, how much he trusted his father to know what to do, to have made the right choice. He sighed, not happy, but knowing that if his Dad said, "Not today," that meant that he would know when Dean was ready to really, truly join him in his fight, to be a full partner in the hunt. "Yes, sir."

A smile cracked John's face, and he ruffled Dean's hair. "That's my boy. I'll be gone..." the smile dropped away and he turned to the guide with a question in his face. "How long do these things usually take?"

"It depends, sir, on how hard—" the guide glanced down at the kid, and changed whatever he was going to say, "Depends, sir. Anywhere from 20 minutes to two hours."

John nodded. "Good to know." To his son: "Dean, I'll be back in about two hours."

Dean nodded. "Yes, sir."

Winchester glanced at the guide again. "Watch him for me?"

The guard blinked and looked uncomfortable. He was at ease beating the shit out of a monster or lighting one on fire, but watching a child was well beyond his usual skill set. "Sir, I don't know that that's a good—"

"Dean knows not to poke at the monsters, just make sure he knows where he shouldn't be." John's mouth quirked again. "My boy's no idiot, just...you keep your distance, Dean. They may look human, but remember what they are. I don't want you doing anything stupid, you hear me, son?"

Dean rolled his eyes. "Daaaad."

"I'll be back out in two hours."

Dean nodded. "I'll be here, sir."

"Good." Without a backward glance, John Winchester stepped up to the gate to Special Research and passed inside.

Suddenly Dean was left on his own, with nothing but a guide that eyed him warily, like he had never seen a hunter before.

Or maybe, Dean thought proudly, he'd just never seen a Winchester before.

The guard stayed to make sure the Special Research gate closed behind John Winchester before turning to the boy. Dean had turned to look at the adult when he realized that he was being watched. They stared at each other, Dean with the bold confidence of a child who knew that he can bullshit with the best of them—and not get in trouble for it if he doesn't get caught—and the guard with the nervous uncertainty of a man who has no idea how to address a ten-year-old.

Finally, the guard cleared his throat. "So, kid—"

"Dean," Dean corrected. "My name is Dean."

"Yeah, okay. So Dean, what are you interested in?"

Dean gave the hunter a scornful look and touched the knife in his belt. "I'm a hunter. What do you think I'm interested in?"

The guard got a sly look on his face, glanced quickly after where John had disappeared, and looked back at Dean. In a lowered voice he asked, "Wanna see the baby monsters?"

Dean brightened. "Sure! Wait, I didn't think that monsters were babies, I thought they were always just adults or dead people that were killing people."

"Oh yeah, there's baby monsters. And they're just as fu—messed up as the big scary monsters. All right, this way." 

The guard led him back down the path, cutting across the yard of packed earth that had a pair of posts with manacles attached to them, to a fenced-in area with barbed wire across the top and a small house in the middle. It looked like an old-fashioned school house, like they had in some of the towns that Dean and his Dad had been to hunt ghosts and Old World gods. And in the yard, chasing each other in small circles or walking around slowly, were children, ranging from younger than Dean all the way up to the their early teens.

Dean stopped, staring at the huddled children scattered across the yard and feeling distinctly disappointed. They looked so ordinary, nothing different from kids he saw on playgrounds outside the various schools he had attended . He looked up skeptically. "These are monsters?"

Adults had tried to jerk him around in the past, and he liked to make it very clear that he wouldn't put up with crap from anyone, even if they were older than him. The only adult he trusted implicitly was Dad, because Dad always knew best. 

But the guard looked sincere, though amused, more like he was helping a fellow hunter correct his horrible ignorance rather than messing with a stupid kid. He nodded. "Don't be fooled because they look so weak and innocent. Didn't your dad teach you how monsters often appear just like us?"

Dean drew himself up straight. "'Course he did. He taught me everything. I just thought you'd have them better tied up or something." He hadn't actually thought that at first. He had thought they just looked like kids. But he wasn't about to admit that to a man who dealt with monsters every day.

The guard chuckled. "No need for that, they're very well trained. You got nothing to worry about. You could even walk in and poke at them and they wouldn't even snap back." He mimed hitting someone in the ribs with his billy club, and grinned.

Dean gaped. "Seriously?" If someone poked him, he'd do his best to break their fingers. He'd have thought that monsters would be even more violent, aggressive, unable to control their monster-ness.

The guard waved him on. "Don't believe me? Go ahead, try it." His tone added I dare you, but in a friendly, easy way. Dean knew that the hunter might doubt his ability, but he wouldn't want him to go into any kind of real danger. After all, if this man let Dean get hurt, then he would have to answer to John Winchester, and Dean knew—like he knew the sound of the Impala, shotgun recoil and the smell of burning bones—that Dad would crush anyone who ever hurt him.

Dean walked forward, neither slow nor fast, and the guard opened the gate for him. It was a simple chainlinked fence, something that Dean could probably have kicked down if he put his mind to it, but it served to show where the realm of the real humans ended and the world of the monsters began. He walked with his head high and hands open—completely confident, ready to draw his knife at a moment's notice—like Dad walked. Dean knew he was a hunter, even if he was still young, and no monster had better underestimate him. 

But the monster kids didn't seem that interested. A couple glanced up at him, eyes flickering over his hands and his weapons before moving away from him, but mostly they kept their eyes down to the ground. He saw kid vampires—some of them probably centuries old—with skin flaking from the constant, unforgiving Nevada sunlight, pupils sunk to pinpricks, iron muzzles like supersized braces barely letting them open their mouths. He noticed shapeshifters—with the telltale bright green tags flapping from their arms; psychics—with a "P" brand over their temples to indicate the danger; even two werewolves with silver buckles on their collars. Everywhere he looked he saw the same kind of monster that he and Dad fought, that he and Dad had killed. They were sad, mangled creatures, but looking into their eyes he still saw the danger in them. He could feel eyes on his throat, his gun, his head, even though when he turned around no one was looking at him, no one meeting his eyes.

It was a weird feeling, it made Dean twitch, but it settled him too. He had seen all these monsters and knew how to fight them. And he could, because he was a hunter. None of them was going to take him by surprise today, not like Mom had been taken away.

Then one kid in a corner glanced at him, barely, just a move of his eyes, and Dean was confused. He couldn't tell what kind of monster he was. He looked so...ordinary. He was maybe six years old, with short sandy hair and skin darkened by the sun. He was so thin that Dean could have picked him up with no problems, and his grey camp clothes hung off him like he had gotten the shirt and pants of a much bigger child. He didn't have the tags, or the muzzle, or the brand. He didn't have anything that would tell Dean what he was.

That alone wouldn't have been so unusual—there were a couple other monster kids that also had no distinguishing marks—but the thing that made Dean hesitate, that kept him from just classifying him as a threat, was the fact that when he looked at the boy, Dean couldn't see any kind of threat in him. He saw none of the hatred that was so evident in the other monsters' faces, even though they tried to hide it.

Dean glanced back at the guard, wanting to ask what was different about the little kid, but the second he looked back he didn't really think that he could ask that. The guy was grinning at him, and mimed poking again with the club. The look on his face was just a little bit nasty, like the guy was daring him to do something stupid.

But Dean had never been afraid of a dare.

He marched over to the kid, stopped a couple feet away, and then glanced back at the guard. Then he looked at the younger boy, who was hunching in on himself, carefully not looking at him. Dean reached out and poked him twice with his finger.

The kid tensed, his shoulders rounding a little more, but when nothing else happened, when Dean just stood there and watched for his reaction, he looked up in surprise. He had bright, clear hazel eyes, like some kind of startled bird.

Dean and the monster stared at each other for a second before the monster seemed to realize what he was doing and dropped his eyes.

Dean felt awkward. He was always awkward when he actually wanted to talk to other people. He was fine with a cover story—like Dad always gave him when they went to a new town, a new school, along with the new name and the new reason Mom wasn't with them—but he had trouble just being himself.

"So," he said, and stuck his hands on his hips. "What kind of monster are you?"

The kid looked up, then back down again quickly. "Unidentified, sir."

Dean frowned. "I'm not sir. Sir's my dad. You can call me Dean."

The monster-boy raised his eyes, blinking at him."Dean," he said, and then ducked his head. Dean wasn't sure, but he may have caught the edge of a smile before his head went too low for him to see. "Yes, s—Dean."

Dean felt like the kid didn't quite get it. Like he thought that Dean was just another substitute for sir. And that was not correct at all. "Dean," he persisted. "It's my name. What's your name?"

The monster took a quick breath and puts his hands straight at his sides."Eighty-eight U I six seven zero three," he said, rapid and flat.

Dean frowned again. "That can't be your name. That's a number. What do people call you?"

His eyes flickered up again, and he hesitated before answering, "Sam. Becca calls me Sammy, sometimes."

If Dean didn't know better, he'd have thought that the monster boy was shy. And it was weird even thinking of him as "monster boy" because he seemed like any other kid. Nicer than any other kid, actually. Other kids usually didn't stick around this long just talking to him. They wanted to know how he fit in the food chain at whatever new school or town he was at and that was it. Dean spent half of every first week—and there often wasn't a second week, if Dad managed to piss someone off, or the job got done—proving that he was at the top, untouchable, in whatever social order had developed.

But it looked like Sam was going to stick around, even after figuring out where they stood.

"Sammy," Dean repeated. It was a strange name for a monster. "So, you're unidentified? What does that mean?" He reminded himself that he wasn't talking to a kid. He was talking to a monster. Sammy had probably done something horrible, eaten someone's dog or something. They didn't just lock little kids up in Freak Camp because someone pointed at them and said they were a monster, did they?

"They don't know what kind of monster I am yet."

"But what did you do?" Dean leaned forward. "All monsters do something, have some kind of ability."

Sam shrugged his small shoulders, eyes back on the ground. "I don't remember."

Maybe it had been so horrible that Sam couldn't even remember what it was. Dean let his ten-year-old brain play out wild fantasies, covered in blood and screaming. But every time that he tried to put Sam in the middle of one, everything shut down. It was just impossible to imagine this shy jumpy kid doing anything that Dean would normally associate with a monster. And it didn't help that the longer he didn't say anything, the smaller and more dejected Sam became, like the conversation had been as cool and unusual to him as it had been to Dean.

"Don't worry about it," Dean said. "It's fine if you don't remember. Do you have a lot of friends? I mean, monster friends?"

Sam shook his head. "I have Becca. But a lot of the others... We're all freaks but I'm really..." he trailed away and shrugged. "Becca says they don't know what to make of me. Are you a hunter?"

Dean puffed his chest out and put his hand on his knife, which just made Sam cringe back, ducking his eyes lower. Which completely changed what Dean had been going to say. "Of course I...hey, wait, it's okay, I'm not going to hurt you. I mean, you're a contained monster, right?"

Sam nodded.

"And you don't want to hurt anyone, right?" Sam nodded again, so hard and fast that Dean could see the collar around his throat rubbing up over his ear.

"So we're good. Wanna sit down?" There he went again, saying something totally ordinary that filled Sam's eyes with surprise and a hint of wonder. 

Dean thought that he was a pretty cool kid, but that was an opinion shared mainly by himself and no one else. But every time that he said something that was even moderately nice, every time that he seemed to treat Sam more like a human being than a monster, he would get one of those looks that made him want to keep saying nice things, keep doing nice things for Sam. Dean glanced back at the guard, but the man was barely paying attention to what he did, eyes much more focused on a pair of monster in a corner, a boy and a girl, that were standing really close to each other. 

"Yeah," Dean said again. "Let's sit down." That look on Sam's face caused some pretty awesome feelings. 

"What do you do all day here?" Dean asked when they were settled against a wall, still in sight of the guard but far enough away that the man couldn't listen in on their conversation. "Do you have to learn and stuff, or do you just walk around all day and, like, play cards and stuff?" 

"I learn!" Sam sounded almost defensive. If someone could be defensive without raising their voice. "I can read anything."

"Whoa, really." Dean wasn't a big reader. He could no problem, he wasn't an idiot or anything, but this kid looked like he would've been in first grade if he wasn't a monster, and Dean had a vague feeling that reading hadn't been his strong suit at that age, soooo long ago. "What kinds of stuff do you read?"

Sam told him, and it still sounded pretty impressive to Dean. Information on biology, geography, and folklore. General facts about history, as well as specific information on the horrors of the White House Massacre. Even a few things about animals. Sam had started cautiously, listing off books and what they were about in a dull monotone, but gradually, as Dean just sat there and listened, he started talking more rapidly, more eagerly, and Dean saw the cute, shy kid blossom into an eager, inquisitive boy, one that was more than happy to share his own enthusiasm about any subject that he touched on with Dean.

"And if I get really good," Sam said, kind of happy and breathless, "they'll let me go to the library and work on monster identification and reseach projects." He glanced at Dean, and he could almost see the smile in Sam's eyes, though it hadn't quite made it onto his face yet. "Libraries are full of books," he said, as though that was a huge secret, one that shouldn't be passed around to too many different types of people.

Dean laughed. Honestly laughed. Sam looked nervous for a second, face shutting down, smile shuttering back beneath his face, but the happiness came back quickly. Dean wasn't laughing at him, but at the wonder that he was sitting down with a six-year-old, listening to him talk about books, and he wasn't actually bored out of his skull. Talking to Sam made him almost want to pick up a book, just to see what the kid was really talking about.

"Could I get some of these books?" Dean asked.

Sam nodded somberly. "I'm sure you could, you're a hunter. Hunters get whatever they want. But..." he bit his lip. "If you take them away, then they won't be available for us. So if you could wait a little..." Sam abruptly looked horrified at what he had just said. "N-n-not that I'm t-t-telling you what to do, I'm just saying that I would m-m-miss them—do what you want. That's your right. I'm just a monster, please don't listen to me."

"Don't worry, Sammy, I'm not going to take your books. I'm sure that they have copies at some of the libraries I've been to." Though Dean wasn't sure of that at all. Some of the books that Sam had mentioned has been pretty obscure books about monsters and lore, and he wasn't actually sure that his standard middle school would carry them. But he wasn't going to tell that to Sam. When he had been talking about Dean taking away his books, he had been completely upset, like they were the only things in the world for him.

Which was proven confirmed by his very next comment. "Other libraries?" He gaped. "You mean there's more than the one in Administration?"

"Sammy, there are hundreds of libraries," Dean said. "One in every school I've ever been to—and I've been to a lot of schools—and a few besides that."

Sam was awed. So Dean told him more about his last school, where he had hung out in the library just because the librarian was hot—in a sweet, sympathetic way—and he had read eight Goosebumps books just because there had been nothing much else to do. He had pretended that it was research, but honestly thought that most of the stories were unlikely to have ever really happened.

Sam paid rapt attention through the whole story, and at one point he tossed back his head, too amazed to sit still any longer. That's when Dean really noticed the collar.

"Does that hurt?" Dean asked, gesturing at the circle of stiff leather.

Sam glanced back at him, eyes huge, young, innocent. Dean didn't think monsters' eyes were supposed to look like that. "Does what hurt?"

"That." Dean reached out but stopped before touching the leather. Sam hadn't reacted, just watched his hand. Dean could see the second he realized what Dean had meant.

"Oh." He dropped his gaze and raised his hand, running a fingertip over the leather as thought to remind himself that it was there. "Sometimes. I've had it for a while, so I don't feel it much any more."

Dean frowned. "Does it ever come off?"

Sam shook his head.

"Not even when you shower? Or sleep?"

He shook his head again.

"Huh." Dean picked at the ground, unsettled in a way he couldn't define.

"Dean!"

John stood on the other side of the yard, waiting for him. Dean jumped to his feet, hastily brushing off his knees. "Sorry, gotta go."

Sam looked up then, gazing straight into his eyes. "Will you be back?"

Dean stopped, startled. "Yeah," he said, with a rush of certainty. "Yeah, I'll be back. I'm old enough now, and Dad comes here pretty often when he has a project. I'll come back and see you, Sammy."

For the first time, Sam smiled. It was a small, hesitant thing that vanished almost as soon as it appeared, but it made Dean feel oddly proud.

"Dean!" 

Without another word, Dean turned and ran back to his father.

"Sorry, Dad," he said when he reached the gate, breathless from the surprise and short run. "I lost track of time. How did Special Research go?"

Dad glanced at the guard, a trace of a frown on his face. The guard pretended to look anywhere but at the Winchesters.

"Fine," John said. "It went fine. What were you doing talking with that monster?"

Dean's mind shut off a little bit. He had no idea what he had been doing with Sam. But he had liked it, and it had filled up something inside him that he didn't know how to define. But there was no way in hell that he was telling Dad that. "I'm researching too," Dean said. "Getting to know monsters so that I can recognize them later, you know?"

Dad frowned, but Dean could tell that his mind wasn't on their conversation, wasn't on the here and now. It was probably back with whatever he had been doing in Special Research, whatever new clue he had gotten into Mom's death. Dean didn't know why he was still obsessed with Mom's death. Sure, it still hurt Dean, still hurt like hell to think about how she wasn't there anymore and would never come back, but it had been most of his lifetime away, and everyone knew that the monster that had done it was dead. He understood hating the monsters, even, but he didn't know what Dad was trying so hard to find out from the various creatures inside Special Research.

But he didn't need to know, he was confident about that. One day, Dad would know Dean was ready, and then he would trust him with everything, and they would hunt together and no one would be able to stop the Winchesters.

Walking out of Freak Camp beside Dad, Dean acknowledged to himself that that day was probably a long time coming. But, he smiled as they reached the Impala and he climbed into the passenger seat: at least now when he was bored he could think about Sam.

~*~

“I met a real today!” Sam told Rebecca that night as they were curling up in the barracks. “He told me to call him Dean and he told me that there are hundreds of libraries. Can you believe that, Becca?”

He tucked his head beneath her chin—the guards hadn’t said anything about them sharing a cot yet, at least nothing that meant that it would be safer for Sam farther away from her, as long as she kept making them happy—and Rebecca fought the way she automatically stiffened. No need to panic Sam yet, not if he was inexplicably going through an imaginary friend stage. What a laugh. An imaginary friend in a camp full of monsters that would as soon eat the boy as befriend him.

“Really?” she said, stroking his head, keeping her voice even. “Did you do what he told you? Did you make him angry in any way?” That was always the first concern. Would the guards be coming after him—them—later for some imaginary insult Sam had given to a fat bastard who expected every monster to crawl and beg and to anything he told him.

Sam nodded. “Of course I did what he said. I always do. But he didn’t really tell me to do anything, we just sat down…he said he would come again!”

“Shhhh, shhhhh,” she said, pulling him a little tighter. What were they doing to her child. What were the fucks doing to him now. “Did he…Sam, did he do anything to you? How old….” The only reals that Sam wouldn’t have recognized were hunters. And there was no way in hell that a hunter just wanted to befriend of a six-year-old monster. She knew what reals did to monsters, but she had thought that six would be too fucking young even for the bastard perverts.

“He’s older than me, but still a kid,” Sam said. “Kinda Shorthair’s age. How old’s she?”

“Shorthair?”

Sam thought for a second. “Nala,” he said, finally pulling out the actual name instead of the nickname. “Neera?”

Nala. Unlucky girl, bitten by a werewolf. Barely eleven. Rebecca doubted she would last long. She had only been at camp two months and she was already looking hollowed out and pale.

She let out a breath that she didn’t know she’d been holding. “Dean was just a child?” she asked. “Did you hear a last name, Sam? Did anyone mention his last name, like reals have?”

Sam thought. “After Dean’s dad called for him, one of the guards said, ‘That Winchester squirt’s a fearless little bastard’. So, maybe Winchester.”

Rebecca closed her eyes and pushed her face into the cot, glad for the darkness, glad that the guards weren’t here yet. Because even a second-class witch knew about the Winchesters. John Winchester was practically a legend among monsters, the threat mothers used to scare their children. In the camp, if monsters said that name, they damn well whispered it. You never could be sure that Winchester wasn't one of them, with his single-minded efficiency at killing and a hatred that ran that deep.

She used to think it funny, before Sam, that the monsters would attribute supernatural abilities to a hunter. That they would live in terror of some faceless force when they were surrounded every day by threats that had faces and names and cold fingers digging their way into her old bruises.

Now she understood. There was always more to be afraid of. And a fucking Winchester had been talking to Sam, her Sam.

“He won’t come back,” she said, promising herself more than reassuring Sam. “He won’t come back, Sam. Try not to think about it. Don’t talk about it. Okay?”

“But he said he would,” Sam said, confused.

“Sam. Do what I say.”

He closed his mouth and rested his head next to her, silent for the rest of the night, even though she knew he was still thinking about it.

At least he still did what she said. That gave them both an illusion of safety. And Rebecca, with the name Winchester still hanging in her mind, needed every hint of safety that she could get.