My First Time 

Well, things started when I was 13.  My older brother was 16 at the time my parents were having some financial problems at the time and they both were moonlighting.  My brothers room and mine shared a bathroom.  One night he had a couple of friends over and they disappeared into his room.  I tried listening at the bathroom door but I all I could hear was bad music and moaning.  I was surprised by knocking on the door and I hurried out and into my room.  Todd, one of my brothers friends came into the bathroom he didnt notice that my door was a little open and I was watching him from my dark room.  He sat down on the toilet and took out his penis and began stroking it.  I watched as he came into a waded up chunk of toilet paper, then he flushed it down the toilet and went back into my brothers room.  I was dying to find out what was going on especially after the same thing happened the next weekend.  (I didnt see Todd but I heard someone in the bathroom) So the next weekend I got brave.  I told my brother I was going to friends then I hid in his closet.  About twenty minutes later his friends came in and went into his room.  The put in a movie and started watching it.  It was a typical porn flick; at least I know that now, at the time it was amazing to me.  These women on the screen and the effect they had on my brothers friends was incredible to me.  I kept sneaking back for the next few weeks; on probably the second or third week I went out and bought clothes like the girls in the movie wore.  I had a short little mini skirt and tight blouse to match.  I was in the closet in my little slut outfit and they put in this movie that started with a woman masturbating, my hand went down under my skirt and next thing I knew I was fingering myself and rubbing my little breasts.  It was incredible.  This went on for a few more weeks then one weekend only Todd showed up (usually there were 3 or 4 of them...) About halfway through the movies the phone rang my brother went to answer it.  He came back and told Todd he had to go take care of something and would be back in 20 minutes or so.  He left and Todd started the movie again after a few minutes I saw him take out his cock and begin stroking it.  I had a finger in me and I shifted trying to get a better look at Todds cock.  I slipped and tumbled right out of the closet.  Todd sprang up frantically trying to put his cock away until he saw it was me. There I was laying on the floor, in this slutty little outfit one hand under my panties.  Todd takes his cock back out, reaches down and lifts me up to my knees then sticks it in my mouth.  I almost gagged but held it back, he started fucking my mouth and I steadied myself and did what I had seen the women in the movies do, started fondling his balls and such pretty soon he shot a huge load in my mouth.  I choked it down, then got up and left the room.  Todd left with out saying a word. 

The next week found me in the closet again.  All the guys were back and I watched the movie from the closet.  After they left I snuck out and went back to my room, I stripped down and folded up my clothes so I could hide them (mom would have freaked) I was crossing the room naked when I realized I wasnt alone Todd was standing behind the bathroom door.  He walked over and took my clothes out of my hands and put them on the floor.  He led me over to the bed, bent me over it and stood behind me, he put his hands on my breasts and began fondling them, I felt his hardness pressing against my ass.  Then he took a hand of my breast and I felt him putting his cock against the entrance to my cunt.  He shoved it in and began pumping into me. After just a few minutes I heard him grunt as he came.  He pulled out and walked in to the bathroom, cleaned up and left.  This went on for several weeks, in fact I stopped hiding in the closet, I would just lay in bed and wait, he got better at sex too but he would never ever kiss me or say a word.  Sometimes he would just want a blow job other times sex sometimes both. 

After a month or two of this I was home alone on a Saturday afternoon when Todd and Bill came over.  I told them my brother was at work and they just smiled and said they knew.  They both walked into the house and sat down on the couch.  Todd looked at me and told me to go put on my clothes. I went into my room and got my little outfit out and put it on.  I walked back out and Todd tells bill see told ya.  The Todd walks over, puts a cassettes in the stereo and turns it on, he leads me over to the coffee table and tell me to step up onto it, then he wants me to do a strip tease. I dont know what I was thinking but I did.  I think I did a pretty good job, the guys liked it anyway.  So there I am naked in front of two guys, Todd pulls me off of the couch and tells me to crawl over to bill and give him a blow job.  I crawl over as he pulls out his cock, it was pretty small and I took it all in my mouth, Then I feel Todd behind me he slides into me and begins to fuck me as I try to blow Bill thankfully Bill came quickly. Then he started playing with my breasts as Todd fucked me.  Todd came in me then pulled out.  He told me to go clean up.  When I came out of the bathroom Bill was gone.  Todd was sitting on the couch, he led me back to my room and told me he wanted a blow job too.  I gave him one.  The he told me he was going to bring other guys over and I could give them blow jobs but no one got to fuck me but him.
