Dance 

David was in the final stages of a law degree,
and was going through the ritual of job
applications. He had been short-listed for a
place with a prestigious law firm in Leeds and
was there for a long weekend of interviews and
tests. After three days of written and oral
exams and various more or less thinly disguised
psychological evaluations (such as how much
provocation it took to make him lose his
temper), he was feeling drained and ready for an
early night in the rather luxurious hotel in
which the six of them had been billeted.
However, their 'shepherd', Greg, who accompanied
them everywhere, had other ideas: first an
alcoholic meal and then an evening touring the
many city-centre bars. David would have liked to
drop out, but he suspected that this was yet
another test - to see if he was 'one of the
lads' (for all of them were men, four students
and the other two a little older).

So he tagged along, trying not to drink too
much, to avoid yawning, and to keep his end up
in the increasingly laddish conversation. He had
a 'reading week' starting the next day and was
planning to take a couple of days off to stay
with his older sister, Katy, who had recently
moved to Leeds and whom he hadn't seen for some
months. She had a job in a bar - more details
had not been divulged - and David wondered if he
might bump into her. But there seemed to be an
awful lot of bars in Leeds.

They ended up at a basement club called the Casa
Paradiso, with a rather seedy entrance
surmounted by neon tubes in the shape of a naked
woman. David's heart sank. He had nothing
against strip clubs - he enjoyed the sight of a
nude female body as much as any man - but he
preferred his girl in a comfortable bedroom, one
on one, with even a little romance added.

Inside, the rooms were dimly lit but richly
furnished. Fortunately the lads weren't expected
to pay the steep entrance fee nor the equally
steep cost of the first drink. Each was given
two paper coupons, and David realised belatedly
that this was a lap-dance club and that each
coupon bought you one dance from one of the
scantily clad girls who circulated among the
tables and cubicles.

The seven of them took possession of a
semicircular alcove and immediately were
approached by a couple of girls, one pale and
blonde, the other dark-skinned with long curly
black hair. David had to admit that both were
strikingly attractive - he had been expecting
some rather scraggy tarts. The girls, who
introduced themselves as Natasha and Ebony, made
small talk for a few minutes and then asked if
they might dance for anyone. Immediately four
coupons were flourished - David decided to wait
and see what one got for the money: whether it
was better to watch someone else being
humiliated.

The girls chose a partner each and carefully
tucked the coupon under the strap of a spike-
heeled shoe. They stood in front of their
'victim' and gently pressed his knees apart, and
commenced 'dancing' slowly and sensuously, their
bodies a few inches away from their men, but
never touching. David was surprised at how
erotic it was, even as a spectator - he felt
himself getting an immediate erection. The
others, having drunk more, were uninhibited in
their crude admiring comments.

The girls, presumably having heard it all a
thousand times before, just smiled and went on
gyrating their perfect bodies, gradually
removing the few flimsy clothes they wore until
both were naked apart from tiny G-strings. Ebony
waggled her firm high breasts in the face of her
partner, and he automatically reached up to
grasp them. But she pushed his hands away, not
unkindly, and whispered 'No touching'. David had
noticed signs to that effect placed
strategically. He wondered what was the point of
having a beautiful girl flaunting herself at
you, if you couldn't touch. It just gave you a
raging erection.

Now the girls turned so that their backs were to
the men, and eased the cords of their G-strings
down over their buttocks. When both were naked,
apart from their shoes, they turned back so that
everyone could see their shaven pubes and the
tops of their neat slits.  A few more wriggles,
the track ended and they blew a kiss at their
partners and gathered up their clothes and
disappeared.

'Is that it?' asked one of the students. 'Don't
they give you a blow-job or anything?'

'Give 'em two tokens next time and see,'
suggested another.

'Things hot up later,' said Greg. 'Wait and
see.'

Another couple of girls, Fleur and Amber,
equally beautiful, arrived and were duly asked
to dance. David could see that he wasn't going
to get out of doing his bit, but he was
reassured by the pleasant manner and general air
of decorum of the girls - not nearly as raunchy
as he had feared. He suspected that some of them
might well be students like himself, trying to
pay off their massive loans.

After the dances, which were almost exact
replicas of the first two, the girls dressed and
stayed to chat. They said that business was slow
that evening; they preferred it when the club
was busy and lively. David asked Amber if she
enjoyed the work, and she told him quite
candidly that it was great - easy money, no
hassles, good security, and the club even paid
for a taxi home. She said she could earn three
hundred pounds on a good night. David mentally
compared it against his likely earnings in the
first year as a legal assistant.

When the girls left, Greg went off to order
another round of drinks. 'I'll see if Katya's
here,' he said. 'She's the best - a real
cracker.' He was obviously a regular at the club
- or wanted to appear so. He returned with a
tray of drinks.

'She's just come in. I've asked for her. You'll
see what I mean.'

Soon two girls appeared at their alcove. David
was listening to an involved and very obscene
joke and didn't see them at first. When he
caught sight of the taller one he almost dropped
his glass. She was tall and slim, with a mane of
blonde hair and a heart-stoppingly beautiful
face, accentuated by subtle make-up. Her perfect
body was highlighted by a semi-transparent silk
dress, slit to the waist. She smiled at him and
raised a finger coyly to her lips. It was his
sister, Katy - 'Katya'.

David had always thought that his older sister
(who was 24 to his 21) was pretty. He had
worshipped her ever since he had been out of
nappies, both for her beauty and for her
strength of character. She had fought all the
usual teenage battles with their parents - for
the right to stay out late, to sleep over at
friends, to have parties when the parents were
away, and later to sleep in the same room as her
boyfriend. And she was fiercely protective
towards her brother, once even beating up a boy
who was been bullying him. Certainly, they had
fought sometimes, but there was an abiding bond
between them, latterly loosened but not broken
by her and then his absence at college and her
moving away to live with a boyfriend - a
relationship which had failed in the end, which
was one reason she had moved up to Leeds.

And here she was, a lap dancer. Dressed like a
wet dream, radiating sex appeal. He couldn't
take his eyes off her. The others noticed, of
course. 'Go on, Dave, your turn. She's a
stunner! Phwoar, those legs just go up and up!'
and so on.

Katy stood in front of him. 'Yes, go on, Dave,'
she smiled. 'Why don't you let me dance for
you?'

David felt himself turning bright red. It would
look so strange if he refused - the others would
think he was gay or something. But he couldn't
tell them that she was his sister! That would be
mortifying, for her as well. He looked at her
breasts, right in front of his face, thinly
veiled in a skimpy bra. The thought crept into
his mind that he wouldn't mind seeing her naked
- not since they used to bathe together, up to
when she was about 7, had he seen his sister in
the nude.

He held out his coupon. 'OK then.'

She gave him a big smile, her eyes sparkling,
and tucked the coupon into her spike-heeled
sandal. She gently pushed his knees apart and
stood between his thighs, her smooth bare legs
almost touching his trousers. Her soft perfume
floated into his nostrils. 'Relax,' she
whispered. 'Just enjoy it.'

The rest of the club faded into obscurity as
David watched his sister dance. Her body moved
with sinuous grace, her hands stroking her
curves, making love to her skin, emphasising her
perfect shape. She emitted tiny gasps and moans
that only he could hear as her fingertips
touched her breasts, her hips and thighs. Her
body writhed and thrust, simulating the familiar
motions of sex.

David found that his hands were clenched tight.
His erection was throbbing with pent-up lust.
Fortunately he had surreptitiously straightened
out his cock earlier, so that it lay up against
his stomach, otherwise it would have been bent
agonisingly. As it was, it strained against his
fly, threatening to burst out over his belt.

Katy began to remove her dress, letting it
puddle softly around her feet. She wore a tiny
transparent bra and equally tiny G-string. Her
skin was utterly smooth, lightly tanned,
flawless, like satin. She rested her hands
against the wall behind him and gently shook her
breasts in his face, the hard protruding nipples
almost grazing his nose. Then she trailed her
fingers down across his cheek and neck, down his
chest and along the long bulge of his erection.
David almost came with the sudden touch. Katy
murmured her appreciation.

She turned and began to work the G-string down
over the perfect globes of her ass. The string
caught momentarily in her crack, then the tiny
scrap of silk was off and she stepped out of it.
She turned back, one hand coyly shielding her
pubes. Then she slowly raised her hands, finger
sliding over her flat stomach, and David saw his
sister's smooth naked mound and deep pussy slit.
He caught his breath at the perfection of the
vision.

Katy gyrated her hips, smoothing her thighs
sensuously, cupping her breasts and circling her
dark solid nipples with her fingertips. She put
one foot on the seat next to him and canted her
hips, giving him a clear view of her pussy with
its soft cushiony lips. Then she turned again,
feet slightly apart and slowly touched her toes.
Her beautiful ass and thighs opened up before
his gaze and he feasted on the sight of her neat
puckered anus and rounded labia, with a hint of
darker inner lips between. She rolled her hips,
making her pussy open up further, and leaned
back until her thighs were pushing against his
and her pussy was inches away from his aching
erection.

David's head was swimming. This was his sister,
for God's sake! But for the presence of the
others, he could not have stopped himself
ripping open his trousers and plunging his cock
into her soft inviting entrance. She was sex
incarnate, teasing him beyond endurance. He
almost grabbed her hips and pulled her onto him.

Fortunately Katy stood up and turned to face
him. The track was ending. She bent and brushed
each nipple across his lips, then kissed him
softly on the cheek. David started to breathe
again. His sister gathered her clothes. 'See you
later, maybe?' she said, and walked away.

The other girl had already gone. 'Wow, you got a
good deal there, mate!' said his neighbour.
'Twice as long as Simon.'

'She gave you the works, pal,' said Greg. 'Never
seen her go that far before. What an ass! I bet
you saw everything!'

'What did she mean, see you later? You think
she's up for it?' another student asked. 'Are
they tarts? I mean, can we get off with them?'

'I bet some of them are. They must get horny,
stripping off all the time. Bet they're gagging
for it by the end of the night. You should take
her up on it, Dave! She'd be the best shag
ever.'

David was sickened by their talk. This was his
sister they were talking about. He felt like
thumping them, defending her honour. But maybe
she was a tart - maybe she did go with
customers. If she got every man as ragingly hard
as he was ...

'Maybe I will,' he said with a fake smile.
Suddenly he felt exhausted. Test or not, all he
wanted to do was go to bed and let his
overwrought mind relax. He tried, and succeeded,
to steer the conversation away from Katya and
her charms and onto football. A couple more
girls came and danced for them, but they looked
amateurish and restrained after Katya. David
pleaded a headache and made his farewells, not
caring if he lost brownie points for pulling out
of the evening early. He walked back to the
hotel in the cool refreshing night air and
collapsed into bed.

But he couldn't sleep. Firstly his cock refused
to subside. His mind was filled with images of
his sister's perfect naked body moving
sensuously before him, the sight of her pussy
opening like a flower, of her hard aroused
nipples, the scent of her feminine musk. He
could not deny that he had desired her very very
much. She was infinitely sexier than any of the
few girls he had made love to in his life. And
she seemed to have relished turning him on ...

Secondly he was going to visit her tomorrow. He
had arranged to be at her flat at about 12,
because she had said she wasn't out of bed much
before that. And then he was going to stay with
her for a couple of days, live with her, see the
sights of the city together - she wasn't working
until Wednesday - and generally be together 24
hours a day. How could he survive, after what
had happened?

He did sleep eventually, and slept late, but not
as late as the others in his group, for he
didn't see anyone at breakfast or while he was
checking out. He thought about phoning Katy and
calling off the visit, but he desperately wanted
to see her and talk to her. What if she was a
prostitute? He felt an obligation to find out.

So, feeling very nervous but not at all hung-
over, he caught the bus out to her suburb and
rang the bell for Flat 4 in the modern block
where she lived. Her voice in the speaker was
distorted.

'Yes?'

'Hi. It's Dave.'

'Come on up. I'm just out of the shower.'

There was a buzz as the door lock released. He
got the lift and found the door of her flat, and
knocked.

'It's open,' her voice called, and he stepped
inside, carrying his overnight bag. Katy emerged
from a door, a white towel round her hair and
another one round her bust. Her long legs were
on view. She looked fresh and pretty - prettier
without make-up, David thought. His sister threw
her arms out and hugged him tightly, resting her
head on his shoulder. He could feel her breasts
pressing into his chest, and his cock stirred
alarmingly. He hugged her gingerly, resisting
the sudden urge to caress her back and ass.

'Hi! It's great to see you! How did your weekend
go? Here, dump your bag. I'll get the kettle
on.'

She gushed, obviously thrilled to see him. It
was as if last night had never happened.

'Oh, pretty exhausting. I'm really not sure how
I did. They throw so much at you, and you never
know whether you've given the right answer or
not. Frankly, I'm not sure I want to work for
such a high-powered firm.'

'Don't say that! Think of the money when you're
a hot-shot corporate lawyer. How was the hotel?'

'OK. Wasn't there much. We were at the offices
from half-eight until about seven, no let-up.'

She looked over her shoulder at him, while
pouring milk into the mugs. 'Then out on the
town, eh?'

'Yeah, that was compulsory. To check we could
take the pace.'

Katy put the mugs of coffee on the table and sat
down, tweaking the towel across her thighs.
'Sorry about last night. I couldn't resist it.
Thanks for not giving the game away.' She held
his eyes.

'Yeah, well.' David was embarrassed. She had
felt his erection - she knew that he had been
turned on by her. 'One of those things. How long
have you been working there?'

'I got the job within a week of moving here. Saw
an advert, thought, I could do that. Had an
audition, which went pretty badly, I thought,
but they obviously liked the look of me, told me
to come back when I'd learnt to dance properly
and I could have the job. So I got some videos
out and practised in the mirror, bought some
clothes and bingo, there I was.'

I'd have employed you on the spot, dancer or
not, David thought. 'And is it ... good money?
One of the girls said she earned three hundred a
night.'

'It's great. I work four nights a week - say
eight till about four or five a.m. - and I make
about twelve hundred a week. That's sixty grand
a year! The tokens cost ten quid, the club takes
two and we get eight quid a dance. And it keeps
me fit and I don't take work home!'

'What about ... extras? The chap from the firm
said that some of the girls ... go with
clients.'

She leaned forward and touched his knee, the
towel slipping alarmingly.

'In his dreams! None of the girls I know do. And
the club would sack us if they found out - the
council keep a very close eye on them. Anyway,
we make enough money without.'

'So you've never ...'

Katy grinned, showing perfect white teeth. 'Not
for money! Sometimes there's a guy who just does
it for me, really gets me hot ... but hey, you
know what I'm like.'

David remembered his sister's endless string of
boyfriends from about the age of sixteen, a new
one every week, pawing and fondling her,
sometimes dumping her in floods of tears, to the
constant sorrow of their parents. He would envy
their easy access to her body and to her
adoring, flirting gaze ...

'It's mostly jowly middle-aged businessmen, I
suppose.'

She nodded. 'Yeah, or blokes on a stag night,
all beer fumes and sweat. But I could get all
that if I was a nurse or something.'

'I guess it's a job. You seem to enjoy it.'

'I love it! I'm a bit of an exhibitionist, I
suppose - I never realised before. I like
dancing and I like turning blokes on. It gives
me a real thrill when a guy gets a big boner in
front of me - you'd be surprised how many
don't.'

David swallowed. 'Yes, I would be.'

She looked at him with a wry smile. 'Don't be
shy! That's always been your problem. I was
flattered! You're not bad-looking, you know -
handsome in certain lights. And pretty well-
endowed by the feel of it. Fancy a quick romp
before lunch?'

'Katy!' David was mortified, the more so because
he could not deny the intense attraction he felt
towards her. 'You're my sister!'

'So?' She stood up and came and sat on his knee.
He could feel the warmth of her naked thighs and
bottom against his legs. She put her bare arm
around his neck. 'I've always had the hots for
you, ever since you started shaving!'

'Katy, stop it.' He pushed her off, and she just
grinned at him.

'You wait, Davy boy. I don't give up that
easily, not when I want something.'

She disappeared into her bedroom and David wiped
his brow. His sister had just admitted that he
turned her on. She knew that he was turned on by
her. What had he got himself into?

Katy reappeared, dressed in tight jeans and an
equally tight sweater that hugged the curves of
her superb body. She showed him the spare
bedroom and the rest of the small flat, with
various flimsy items of clothing drying over the
bath. Then she got out some bread and salad
material and they made a simple lunch, talking
about their parents, their father's declining
health and what arrangements they could make to
help. Katy was behaving perfectly normally, and
David was reassured.

She suggested that they might go to the Royal
Armories - David was interested in military
history and his sister said that it was a good
day out. So they caught a bus and wandered round
the exhibitions and watched various
demonstrations of weaponry, joking and chatting.
Katy linked her arm through his, just as if they
were a couple. He kept glancing at her,
comparing her looks and company (favourably)
with all his previous girlfriends. Would people
think they were lovers? Well, no matter.
Following her up some stairs, he caught himself
thinking of the sight of her naked ass splayed
before him in the club.

Back at her flat, she started to prepare a meal.
David was gratified that her cooking skills were
on the same student level as his - pasta mush
with garlic bread from the freezer and pre-
packed parmesan cheese. He had bought a couple
of bottles of wine on the way home and they got
through the first one before the food was in the
oven. Katy said that she was going to get
changed and told him to keep an eye on the
bread, set the table and open the second bottle.

He did so, finding a couple of candles on the
mantelpiece and placing them in the centre of
the table. He turned off the main light, to
leave a soft glow from the candles and a lamp on
top of the TV. Yes, very romantic. All it needed
was some soft music and the scene was set for
seduction. My god, what was he thinking?

Katy reappeared. Her brother felt his mouth fall
open. She had freed her mane of blonde hair and
it cascaded over her bare shoulders. Her black
dress had merely a halter-neck which cupped her
breasts. The hem was cut on the diagonal, down
below the knee on one side and right up at the
top of her thigh at the other. Her flawless
tanned skin gleamed like gold in the
candlelight.

She twirled, showing him her naked back and the
sides of her full firm breasts. 'Like it?'

'God, you're beautiful, sis.'

'You're not so bad yourself, Davy boy.' She
kissed him on the cheek and her soft perfume
filled his nostrils. 'Mmm, that bread smells
done. Let's eat!'

They put the food on the table and refilled
their wine glasses. David was pleasantly mellow
already and felt perfectly happy. He remembered
other romantic candlelit dinners at which he had
tried - too hard, maybe - to tempt a girl into
his bed. Now he had the most beautiful girl in
the world sitting opposite him. Life didn't get
much better.

They clinked glasses. 'To us,' she said.

They ate, without much ceremony, demolishing the
wholesome food quickly, making rather a mess
with the crusty and very garlicky bread.

'I'll have to be careful who I kiss after this,'
David laughed, and then realised what he had
said. His sister looked at him and smiled,
unspoken thoughts plain on her face.

They stacked the plates in the dishwasher and
Katy produced a cheesecake from the fridge.

'Mmm, my favourite!'

'I know,' she said. 'I made it myself
specially!'

'Really?'

'Yes. Well, I bought it myself. Tesco's made it.
But it's the thought that counts.'

After the cheesecake they were pretty much
stuffed. Katy made some coffee with real beans
and told him to go and put a CD on and relax on
the settee. He was surprised by her eclectic
musical tastes. Forgoing the soul and jazz, he
chose a set of Bach cello suites, turning the
volume down low. He lay back against the arm of
the settee and closed his eyes, letting the
sound wash over him.

Katy carried the coffee mugs over and set them
on the floor. She leaned forward and gently
pushed his legs apart, then sat between them
with her back to him, leaning back against his
chest. He felt the heat of her bare skin through
his thin shirt. To his mild annoyance, he felt
the first stirrings of an erection.

'Mmm, this is nice,' she murmured, settling
herself against him. His erection grew until it
was pressing hard against the small of her back.
The top of her head was against his chin, and
the scent of her hair filled his senses. She
raised one knee, and the skirt fell away, its
hem barely covering the edge of her pubes.

David had never desired a girl more than he
desired Katy at that moment. He groaned
inwardly. She must have sensed what he was
feeling, for she grasped his hands and slid then
gently under the dress and cupped her breasts
with them, pressing them into her firm globes.
David tried, half-heartedly, to pull away, but
she wouldn't let him. He felt her nipples
growing hard and digging into his palms.

'Do I feel different?' she whispered.

'Different from what?' he croaked.

'Different from any other woman.'

'No. I mean, yes. You feel beautiful. But ...'

'But what? Aren't I sexy enough?'

'Oh god, Katy, you're too sexy. Much too sexy.'

She kneaded his hands, forcing him to squeeze
her breasts. The nipples hardened still further.

'Just pretend I'm any other woman. A very horny
one ...'

She lifted one hand away from her breast and
pushed it down across her stomach. David was
powerless to resist. She raised her other knee
and let it fall sideways, thereby pulling the
dress above her bare pubes. As he had suspected,
she had not been wearing knickers. She made him
cup her hot pussy with his hand, then guided his
fingers between her soft cushiony labia. She was
already moist and slick. She positioned his
fingertips on her clit and whispered, 'Make me
come, please.'

With one hand still holding a breast and the
other massaging her pubes, and his cock pressing
achingly along her spine, David masturbated his
sister. She withdrew her hands and put her arms
around his neck, relaxing into his body,
completely open to his caresses. Despite his
lingering doubts as to the morality of what he
was doing, he could not have stopped. All he
wanted in the world was to give Katy a beautiful
orgasm.

He could feel her body tensing as she neared the
peak. Her arms tightened round his neck, her
thighs splayed even more, her head twisted to
one side, and she gave voice to her ecstasy as
the climax burst inside her and washed through
her body. Her hips jerked and thrust back into
his crotch, and David felt a drop of pre-cum
leak out of his cock. Katy's orgasm lasted a
long time; she did not seem to get sensitive
like some of his other girlfriends, so he kept
stroking and rubbing her clit until her spasms
finally ebbed away and she lay quiet in his
arms, breathing deeply.

'Oh boy, you can do that all night every night,'
she murmured.

David didn't know what to say. The feel of his
sister, whom he had always worshipped and loved,
climaxing luxuriously in his arms, had raised
his arousal to fever pitch. He wanted her as he
had never wanted a girl in his life. But he
still hesitated; the taboo held him back.

Katy twisted round and knelt on the floor
between his legs, looking up at him with
sparkling eyes. She put her hands on his
erection, now poking up from under the waistband
of his trousers. She dabbed her finger on the
wet spot where he had leaked.

'Want me to return the favour?'

He nodded, unable to speak. She unbuttoned his
shirt, slowly, and smoothed her hands over his
chest, then unzipped his trousers and opened the
fly. His cock jutted out from the confines of
his brief underpants. Katy held it gently,
obviously aware of how close he was to coming.
She murmured her appreciation, and in spite of
everything David felt obscurely proud of his
sizeable organ. Then his sister opened her mouth
and gently slid her lips down his shaft.

The heat of her mouth and the suddenness of her
'attack' made his hips jerk, and he felt her
squeeze the base of his cock. The feeling of
impending eruption receded. She lifted her head,
applying suction to his cock.

'Relax,' she whispered, 'I'm good at this.'

She certainly was. David had not been fellated
often enough to forget any one of the occasions,
and his sister was the best he had experienced.
She could drive him up to unbearable heights of
pleasure while taking care not to let him tip
over the edge. She could take his cock deep into
her throat, so that her lips touched his pubic
hair, and then withdraw so that only her tongue
was circling his shiny purple cockhead, trailing
a string of pre-cum from his orifice. She could
suck so hard that he feared his balls would be
pulled right up his cock, and kiss so tenderly
it was like a feather's caress. She fellated him
until his scrotum was tight and swollen and his
cock felt like a rod of iron, and he hardly knew
where he was or who he was.

Then she stood up and put her hands on her hips.

'Want to fuck me now?' she said.

David ripped off his clothes, pulled forward by
his straining cock. He grabbed his sister by the
shoulders, fumbled with the zip at the base of
her spine and dragged the flimsy dress off her.
He bent her naked compliant body over the arm of
the settee and plunged his cock into her hot wet
welcoming vagina, sheathing himself in her to
the hilt on one mighty thrust. Katy chuckled as
she felt his engorged cock stretch her insides
and thump home against her cervix. She relished
hard sex - it was what her taut fit body was
made for. Her brother gripped her by the hips
and pumped into her with a fierce relentless
rhythm, almost sobbing with urgency, driven into
a frenzy of lust by her whimpers of bliss.

Despite his arousal, he managed to keep up the
thrusting, all the way in and out on each
stroke, until he felt Katy start to squeeze his
cock with her strong internal muscles and his
orgasm triggered. He crammed another half-inch
of cock into her vagina and with a blessed
feeling of release pumped spurt after spurt of
scalding semen deep into his sister's womb.

As his spurts died away, his knees felt wobbly.
Katy gave his softening cock a few squeezes as
he slipped out of her. She stayed there,
kneeling, her perfect ass jutting towards him,
her pussy lips red and wet and swollen.

'Better get a towel,' she said softly. 'Feels
like half a pint inside me.'

David staggered to the bathroom and fetched a
handtowel and held it to her pussy. Katy stood
up, gave him a grin, and wiped herself without a
trace of embarrassment. He noticed that his
sister had tears in the corners of her eyes.

'Did I hurt you?' he asked. 'Sorry, I was a bit
rough ...'

'No, you didn't hurt me, you dope. You made me
come! Doesn't happen very often, not like that.'
She kissed him softly on the cheek. 'Thanks.
Looks like we're made for each other.'

They sat down on the settee, Katy lying across
her brother's open thighs, hugging each other.
The feel of her hot naked skin against his was
unbearably lovely.

'I've been waiting for ages for this,' she
murmured, nuzzling into his neck. 'How about
you?'

David's emotions suddenly overcame him, and he
began to sob. His sister hugged him tightly,
kissing his forehead.

'What's the matter, Davy boy? It was beautiful.'

'Oh Katy,' he said when he could speak. 'I've
loved you all my life. I didn't realise it. I've
never loved anyone else. I never will.'

She stroked his head. 'I've loved you too. And
fancied you. You don't know how often I almost
crept into bed with you, when we were teenagers.
I knew from the start that we would do this
eventually. It was just a question of when.'

'You knew more than me. Of course I fancied you
like mad. You were the sexiest thing in the
world. But I never let myself think ...'

'Shhh.' Katy covered his mouth with her own, and
they kissed passionately, endlessly,
uninhibitedly, until their lips and tongues were
sore and their chins were covered in saliva.
David realised that his erection had returned in
full force and was pressing against his sister's
naked thigh.

She realised it too. Katy twisted round and
straddled him, her feet on the cushions on
either side of his hips. She lifted his heavy
cock and guided it between her soft, swollen
lips into her wet tunnel, and sat down so that
his length was buried inside her.

She bent her head. 'Look,' she whispered. 'Look
at us fucking. Your cock is fucking my cunt.
Isn't is lovely?'

He grasped his sister's hands and she leaned
back so that his cock rasped against the front
of her vagina. He was fascinated by the slick
shaft disappearing between those glorious deep
pink lips, her hard clitoris standing proud
where the labia joined. Her breasts pointed at
the ceiling, the nipples taut and dark.

Their initial urgency blunted, brother and
sister made love slowly and tenderly,
adventurously, exploring each other's bodies
without shame, in as many ways and positions as
they could imagine on the spur of the moment.
David spent time pleasuring his sister's pussy
with his mouth and tongue, relishing the taste
of her copious juices mingled with his own
semen. She took his cock into her mouth again
and again, likewise tasting their mixed fluids.
He licked her adorable anus, running his tongue
tip round the puckered skin, and she, without
any hesitation, did the same to him and sucked
his balls into her mouth. He penetrated her hot
vagina with renewed delight in each new
configuration, amazed at the strength of her
internal muscles as they caressed his cock along
its length. She told him to fuck her with his
fingers and stretch her, to enter her as far as
he could.

And finally, when they felt the rising tide
could no longer be delayed, Katy lubricated her
anus with her own juices and bent over the arm
of the settee and told her brother to take her
in the ass. David had never had a girl like that
before, and could not believe what she was
asking. His sister made it clear by grabbing his
slippery, rock-hard cock and pressing the head
against her anus. She thrust back quickly, and
to his surprise her sphincter opened up easily
and engulfed his cockhead.

It was tight, but not painfully so. Katy pushed
back more and David responded, and his whole
shaft slid into her hot rectum. It was so erotic
that he knew he wouldn't last long. His sister
reached back under her and grabbed his tight
balls, pulling him into her, then as he got the
message she laid a finger on her clit and
masturbated herself in time with his own
impending orgasm. He grabbed her waist and
thrust hard, slipping in and out of her slick
orifice, marvelling at the sight of his cock
disappearing between the perfect globes of her
buttocks.

With superb, but unplanned, timing, they
climaxed together, both shouting incoherently as
Katy's anus began to clench tightly, setting off
aching pulses in her brother's loins, spurting
his newly formed semen deep into her rectum. He
was quickly emptied, but continued to pump as
her orgasmic squeezing sucked the last drops out
of his balls.

Exhausted, they pulled apart and collapsed on
the floor, sweaty and panting. Katy felt the
semen start to leak out of her still open anus,
but couldn't be bothered to do anything about
it. Tiredly, her brother gathered her in his
arms.

'I love you, sis,' he whispered.


END