Handsfree Hannah
by Shirley Wanton
Copyright© 2021 by Shirley Wanton

“Oh NO ... Please God ... Not HERE ... Not NOW,” I scream inside my head. I look out and see all eyes on me, as I lead my five O’clock spin class. FUCKKKK, thinking of them watching me, is intensifying the overwhelming feeling of my impending orgasm. I know from previous experiences, that the more fear and anxiety I feel, the less I can control my body’s responses. Even now, I am afraid that the next time I touch down on the saddle of my stationary bike, I will touch off the explosive orgasm that is building inside me. But as I stay up, sprinting and avoiding contact with the saddle, I feel the strain in my thighs and butt continuing to stoke the fire of an overpowering orgasm. To add to my discomfort, my large, heavy tits are swaying and jiggling in my sports bra. The friction on my nipples has them as hard as diamonds, and clearly visible to even the riders in the back of the class. Each step, each jiggle of my tits, are like electric shocks shooting straight to my overstimulated pussy.

“FUCKKKKKK, NOOOOO,” I scream out loud, as I lose my battle to stop my orgasm. My legs and arms give out, and I collapse across the exercise bike. Fortunately for me, I lose sight of my class, as I fall forward. I can’t see their shocked faces, but I do hear a number of gasps and surprised exclamations. At first, I think that they are concerned that I hurt myself or had some kind of physical attack. However, I quickly start to hear giggling and smart-ass comments, which clearly let me know that they realize what really happened. They all know that I just orgasmed right in front of them.

Knowing that there is not a DAMN thing I can say or do to explain what just happened, I get off my bike and almost run from the class. I am trying not to look at any of my students’ faces, as I dodge and weave through them, to get out of the small spin class room. However, I do notice that many of them are looking down at my crotch as I pass them. Following their gazes, I see that the crotch and thighs of my white spandex shorts are soaked through. I am so mortified, that I cup my hands over my swollen and oversized pussy lips, which are clearly visible through the wet, clinging material.

The sudden contact of my hands on my overly sensitive pussy lips, pushes me to another, unexpected and overpowering orgasm. My legs are like rubber, and I stumble into another woman who is walking past the exit to the main gym floor. With my hands clamped around my treacherous vagina, I fall face first into her. Well, since I am so busty, it is really tits first into her. To my horror, my tits smash against hers, grinding my hard and extremely sensitive nipples against her smaller, but still sizable tits. I GASP and moan almost directly into her mouth, as I collapse against her body, cumming one more time.

I see the shock and disgust on her face. Then I feel her hands shoving me away, as she shouts at me, “Get off me you FREAK. What the FUCK is wrong with YOU?” I look around and see that everyone in the gym heard her and looked over to see what was going on. I didn’t wait around to find out what they make of the short, big titted girl with the obviously large nipples and soaking wet camel toe. Instead, I run to the locker room, stopping only long enough to grab my clothes, keys and phone, and then run out of the gym to my car.

As I sit in my car crying, I think to myself, “Way to go Handsfree Hannah. You did it again. I hope you are proud of yourself, you fucking whore. How are you ever going to be able to show your face in there ever again?”

Handsfree Hannah ... That’s me, well it is the nickname that I was stuck with during my senior year in high school. I was no prude about sex. I was 18 and an adult. I did my share of experimenting with both guys and girls. I was pleased to discover that I am very orgasmic, and I can cum quite easily and repeatedly. I was not pleased to discover that I cannot always control my orgasms. In fact, much to my displeasure, I discovered that I can cum sometimes without any stimulation at all. To make things worse, my mind and body can overstimulate me to the point where I can’t even think, and the more I try to fight it, the more overpowering the orgasms can be. It got so bad that I used to have to run out of classes unexpectedly, to avoid people finding out. The cat finally exploded from the bag one day, when during a gymnastics meet, I orgasmed in front of the whole school, right in the middle of my floor exercise routine.

My parents, who to my horror were both in the audience, took me to a doctor after this happened. I felt so humiliated as I described to the doctor what had been going on. To my surprise, she told me that it is not uncommon and that I suffer from a condition called Persistent Genital Arousal Disorder (or PGAD). She told me that this disorder is defined as, “A spontaneous, persistent, and uncontrollable genital arousal in women, with or without orgasm or genital engorgement, and unrelated to any feelings of sexual desire.” I was not surprised in the least when she told me, “Physical arousal caused by this syndrome can be very intense and persist for extended periods, days or weeks at a time.” However, I was horrified to hear her tell me, “Orgasms can sometimes provide relief, but within hours, the symptoms can return.”

She increased my fear when she added, “Failure or refusal to relieve the symptoms often results in waves of spontaneous orgasm in women, and the symptoms can be debilitating, preventing concentration on mundane tasks.” Like I didn’t know THAT part already. Before I left, she warned me that some situations, such as riding in an automobile or train, vibrations from my mobile phone, and even going to the toilet can aggravate the syndrome unbearably, causing me discomfort verging on pain. She also made sure that I understand that PGAD is not a disease that she can cure. It is more like a biological itch that when I scratch it, it will only subside temporarily, but never go away. She also advised me that routine masturbation can often preemptively stop unexpected overstimulation.

Trying to deal with this new reality, I turned to my closest friends, to draw comfort from their support. They seemed relieved to hear that I was not seriously hurt in my fall during the meet, but when I told them about my condition, they laughed hysterically and made light of the situation. One of my friends, Beth, has never yet been able to experience an orgasm, even by herself, while masturbating. She got snippy with me and meanly said to me, “Just great. As if you aren’t lucky enough to have that perfect ass and those big tits ... Now you can cum whenever you fucking want??? That fucking sucks.”

I tried to explain that this is NOT a great thing, “Beth, do you think I want THIS??? I fucking hate THIS. I can’t control it ... and you saw what happened at the meet ... in front of EVERYBODY. How the FUCK will I ever live THAT down?” I broke down crying and after much hugging and supportive talk, I felt that maybe I can get past this. I thought that until I arrived at school Monday morning, and everyone was calling me “Handsfree Hannah”.

Yes, that’s right, my closest friends couldn’t wait to share with everyone they know, that Hannah can’t control her Hoo-ha. I can’t describe the humiliation I feel walking down the hall, to the sound of guys chanting, “Handsfree Hannah” or having someone come up behind me and start moaning and breathing heavily, like they are cumming. To make matters worse, this overwhelming, humiliating treatment pushed me to a debilitating orgasm, right there in the hallway, with everyone watching. That, in turn, resulted in everyone clapping and cheering, and of course more chanting of “Handsfree Hannah.” I immediately fled from the school and cried all the way home.

My parents, trying to do right by me, called the school to complain. The school of course did the responsible thing and had an assembly, at which they explained my condition and chastised the students involved in tormenting me. The principal directed that no one was to tease me about my condition and threatened with suspension, if anyone did. Of course, this did the opposite, and made the last few months of my senior year, a living Hell. Of course, after that, EVERYONE wanted to see if they could get me to cum spontaneously, especially in the halls, the cafeteria, and other very public places. I started bringing several changes of clothes to school, so I had something dry to put on after the inevitable orgasms.

Luckily, I was accepted to a college out of state, and away from all of the people who knew about my disorder. I also learned that I could manage my condition by masturbating often, especially before stressful events or times that I learned from experience, that I am more prone to lose control. I also engaged in a LOT of sex, with a lot of partners. I discovered that the harder I fight against it, the worse it gets, so the best thing for me to do, is give in to it and try to satisfy my body’s need before it could satisfy itself. I guess I thought that I could fuck it out of me or tire my body out, so it wasn’t able to cum on its own. Maybe it is like functional alcoholics, who drink to stay in a zone of stability. But what do I know? One side effect was that I built up a lot of sexual partners to believe falsely, that they are REALLY good in bed. I guess they will be very disappointed when they are with someone who is not as easily satisfied.

After college I got a job in finance, and got heavily involved in sports training, as a way to burn off my ever-present excess of sexual energy. I was able to maintain stability and keep my secret, right up to the point that I just orgasmed in front of a class full of Soul Cyclists. Now, I am sitting in my car, crying and masturbating wildly, in a useless attempt to satisfy my body’s desperate need to cum. There was a time when I would stop and try to hide my shame when I saw people looking at me, as they walked by my car. However, how I just use it to fuel the flames of my body’s sexual wildfire. As I make eye contact with a couple who stopped walking to look at what I am doing in my car, I pull my tits out of the cups of my sports bra. I cup and SQUEEZE them ... I roll and pinch and pull my nipples, as I hammer two fingers into my sloppy wet pussy.

I see the look of shock on the woman’s face, then she yanks on her man’s arm, trying to pull him away from the one-woman sex show I am putting on. He doesn’t move and gives her a “just wait a minute” hand gesture. I pull my fingers from my wet cunt and suck them as I make eye contact with the man. Just then two other guys walking by, notice the man staring and stop to see what is so interesting. Seeing the look of surprise on their faces, I spread my legs wider and trace my wet fingers up and down my obviously swollen and spread open pussy lips, as I blow them both a kiss. I see their eyes almost bug out of their heads. Knowing that I am in an uncontrollable downward sex spiral, I roll down my window and tell them all, “I need a cock inside me more than any of you can imagine. Anyone of you that is up to the job, I will make it WELL worth your effort...” Then for the woman’s benefit I add, “That includes you too, Sister. Loan me your man or if you have a strap-on, I know my way around a pussy also ... Just saying.”

“I’m in,” one of the single guys says immediately.

“Me too,” the other one says.

“Don’t even think about it,” the woman tells her man, before he can respond. The sad dog look of disappointment on his face is classic, as he finally lets his girlfriend pull him away.

Since it is already dark, and I do not have the time or patience to go far, I suggest to the two guys, that we can walk over to the nearby park. It is well wooded and there are a lot of places that we can get out of sight. Of course, in my current mood, I am not so sure I want to be out of sight. When my condition gets this bad, I lose my mind and I lose all self-control. I tend to engage in some VERY reckless and dangerous sexual activities. It would definitely NOT be the first time I fucked a group of guys with other people watching. In fact, now that it has gotten this bad today, I am wishing that I hadn’t left my spin class. Instead, I wish I had guy after guy, bend me over my cycle and fuck me.

With that thought in my head, I grab the waistband of my spandex shorts and yank them down. As I step out of them, I grab one of the guy’s hands and pull him toward me as I bend over and lean on the back of the park benches. I part beg and part command him, “Fuck me NOW ... PLEASE...”

I look back at him and see him desperately fumbling with his pants, to get them down. The other guy looks like he is in shock and doesn’t know what to do. I tell him, “Come around here, in front of me. Put your cock in my mouth. Let me feel your big cock in my mouth.”

I must have made a lucky guess, because when he pulls out his already hard cock, it is in fact quite large. Just as I am about to take it in my mouth, I feel the other guy push his cock right into me. He doesn’t play around. He just jabs it right in. It is lucky for me that I am already so wet from my out-of-control arousal, and the fact that I had recently cum a few times. Still, it makes me GASP, which opens my mouth wide for his friend. Not waiting for further guidance, that guy shoves his cock deep into my mouth, jabbing the back of my throat. I am very good sucking and even deep throating cocks, but he caught me by surprise. I gag and choke, as I try to get control of myself and really enjoy the feel of this cock in my mouth and throat.

Apparently, the guy likes what I am doing because he moans loudly as he grabs my head with both hands, to stabilize himself, as his legs suddenly get very weak. I pull off his cock and circle the large head with my tongue and give him fluttering licks. as I take it back into my mouth, I GASP and moan around the big cock, as the cock in my pussy bottoms out with a pounding force. I grind back, trying to drive that cock farther into my guts. “GOD, YESSSS,” I scream out around the cock in my mouth, as I grind my swollen clit against the guy’s big, full balls. As my pussy CLENCHES around his cock, I feel him swell and twitch, then I feel hot cum shoot deep inside me, shot after shot.

As I cum screaming around the cock in my mouth, it is too much for the guy in front of me. I feel him cum HARD. His cum hits the back of my throat, thick and hot. I seal my lips around his cock, and suck and swallow, making the guy squirm in intense pleasure. He can’t take the intense pleasure anymore and yanks his cock out of my mouth. It makes an audible POP sound. I almost laugh hearing it. I know he will not be ready for another round anytime soon, which is a shame because I need more, and I need more NOW. I tell him, “Fuck me with your fingers. I need more. I need LOTS more ... PLEASE...”

Then I turn toward his friend that just fucked me and tell him, “Put your cock in my mouth. Let me clean him off for you. Let me taste my nasty cunt on your cock.”

He wastes no time accepting my offer. He slides his softening cock into my mouth. I suck and lick it, tasting his cum mixed with mine. I roll my tongue around the cock, relishing the feel and taste. I feel the other guy’s fingers enter my still desperately needy cunt. I pull off the first guy’s cock just long enough to beg the other guy, “FASTER ... HARDER ... Fuck me fast and hard with your fingers ... My GOD, I need more cock in me ... SO many more hard cocks fucking me...”

The guy in my mouth asks me, “Are you for real? We were just on our way to meet some friends over there at Chili’s, I can call them and have them meet us here right away. I am sure they will give you more of what you need. If you are serious.”

I pull my mouth off his cock, look up at him and plead, “God YESSS ... please get them ... get ALL of them...”

He smiles seeing the desperate look in my eyes. He pulls out his phone and calls his friends. I start sucking his cock again, as I hear him tell his friends, “You guys up for a gang bang?” There is silence as his friend says something on the other end. Then he confirms, “Yeah, right now. I am serious. This girl is a freak. My cock is actually in her mouth as I’m talking to you. Over at the park. Out the door of the restaurant, look diagonally across the street. That’s the park, then follow the path around to the left. You will see us. Believe me ... You will DEFINITELY see us.”

Just as I hear him saying all of that, the guy behind me drives me over the edge of another strong orgasm. “YESSSSS,” I scream out, as I almost break the guy’s fingers, as I clench around them so hard.

Pulling his fingers out of my sloppy wet pussy, he says, “DAMN, that is one HUNGRY pussy. I thought it was going to eat my fingers right off my hand. These guys better get here soon. I am afraid she will start biting other parts off my body, with that starving cunt.”

I am about to say something witty back to him, when I hear boisterous laughing and conversation. The guy with his cock still in my mouth shouts to the group, “Over here, John. Come on over. This slut is a wildcat. Look, she is sucking my cum off my cock right now.”

The one he called John asks his friend, “Right HERE??? We are doing this right fucking HERE???”

“Fuck yeah,” he responds, “This freak likes to be watched, I think. I don’t give a fuck, I just know that she just finished Dave and me off in record time and is begging for more. You want to take the time to look for a hotel and risk her coming down from whatever the fuck she’s on???”

John doesn’t answer his friend, he just pulls out his cock and shoves it my spread open and VERY wet cunt. Feeling the sudden fullness, I groan out, “My GOD, I need THAT. I need more cocks inside me. I need ALL of you inside me.” Then I beg him, “Faster please ... Fuck me fast and hard ... Drive that cock into me like you want to kill me with it. Pound my pussy...”

He responds to my pleading by hammering his cock into me as fast and as hard as he can. I feel him SLAP his hips against my firm round ass. Each forceful thrust makes a loud clapping sound. The others start clapping and cheering along with my clapping ass. The sudden feeling of public exposure and humiliation, drives my out-of-control sex drive to even more extreme levels. I SCREAM out, “FUCKKKK,” as I cum harder than all of my previous orgasms today. I scream so loud that one of the guys actually covers my mouth with his hand, afraid that people will come running, thinking that I am being attacked.

The guy fucking me is definitely my kind of guy because he just keeps fucking me 0through my orgasm. In fact, I think he is fucking me faster and harder. I feel my heavy tits bouncing and flopping wildly with each violent thrust into me. I feel them start SLAPPING against the wood slats of the bench I am bent over. I am about to comment on this, when another of the new guys shoves his cock into my mouth. The same guy reaches to grab both of my tits and SQUEEZES them, as he pulls on them, using them as handles to pull himself harder into my mouth. I am grunting and groaning as I am being violently fucked in both ends.

I lose count of how many times I cum in the next half hour or so. I have no idea of how much time has gone by. All I know is that for at least three rotations, I have had cocks in my mouth and in my pussy. No, that’s not right. I remember at least two of the guys in my ass. I was so far lost in my lust, that I only vaguely remember the pain as the first guy’s cock forced its way past my tight butt hole. After that, it was all a blur. I guess I can catch up on what happened when I look at the videos. Yes, there are videos ... LOTS of videos apparently.

As the last guy pulls his cock out of my mouth and shoots a very large load of cum across my face, he asks his friend, “Did you get that on the video? I so want to see if that looked at hot on video as it did from my perspective.” When he sees the quizzical look on my cum covered face, he tells me, “Yes, we got a LOT of great videos. I think almost everyone here took some with their phones.” Then he asks me, “You want to see them? Give us your number and we can send you all we got.”

I know that I should have been mortified, but instead I give them my number and tell them, “Yes, I am sure I will enjoy watching these videos. I will also have your numbers in my phone, in case I need such thorough service in the future ... Would you guys like that?”

“Fuck YES, we will,” they almost all answer in unison. I am ashamed to my very core that not only did I offer that, but also because hearing their enthusiastic answers, gives me a new surge of arousal. As they walk off and leave me to put my clothes on over my cum sticky body, I rationalize to myself, “Well, if I am going to let Handsfree Hannah out of her bottle, it will be good to have a stable of men ready to help me satisfy my uncontrollable sexual need…
