
~*Delta House Adventures Part I*~
(M/F,con,college,exhib)
by Nikki B.

The thumping bass of blaring music rattled the windows of a colonial house that was 
conveniently located on frat row.  It was a Tuesday night and every girl under
the sun was dressed in a barely there tank top with a micro mini skirt, that exposed every 
inch of her legs, and mile high platform shoes.  Nikki was not an exception to this rule.
At 5'6", with brown hair and brown eyes, she was not considered a classic American beauty.
She knew she did not have big tits and considered getting implants on a daily
basis. What she did have going for her was a nice ass, which was what every guy 
she encountered told her.  On this particular night, Nikki had on a red halter top
with a black mini skirt that unzipped on both sides, and silver stilettos.  

As Nikki approached the three story colonial that was the residence of Delta Upsilon 
Eta, she knew tonight's party was going to be awesome.  There were already lines of 
freshman girls outside the house, nervously re-applying their makeup
and fluffing their hair, each girl discussing the fact that she was invited
by someone who knew someone at the party.  These were the girls who annoyed her
the most; they came to these parties, totally uninvited, and somehow managed to 
hookup with at least five guys before the night ended. So, as she elbowed her way
through the line of girls, she did not feel sorry for any of them. 

Once she finally reached the door, Nikki knocked five times, stopped, then knocked two 
more times.  Recognizing her knock as the secret code, one of the 
fraternity members opened the door.  Customs at private colleges tended to differ from public
universities; fraternity and sorority parties were by invitation only.  If you didn't have the
pass code, you could not get in.  Occasionally, the code changed, in order to keep narcs
and people who did not receive invitations from entering the party.   Tonight's "door man" was Rich, 
one of the newest members of Delta.  Rich was a transfer student from some state school
,with blonde hair and eyes that reminded Nikki of sapphires.  Nikki instantly marked Rich as one of tonight's
conquests.

Sensing Nikki's stare, Rich was able to stammer out, "Hi, my name is Rich. I already know
that you are Nikki and you are an Alpha Tau.  Where are the rest of your sisters, tonight?"

Nikki was barely able to suppress her laughter, "First of all, I know that you know me, 
because everyone in Delta knows who I am.  Second of all, do you think I am the keeper
of the hundred or so girls who are in my sorority. You can stop the bullshit, pledge
questions with me; I already know them all." 

Rich sensed that he had gotten off to a bad start with the girl who was supposed to be
the nicest of the Alpha Tau's.  If she was the nicest one, what were the rest of them like?
Nikki seemed to be suffering from a permanent case of PMS and seemed like the biggest
bitch he had ever met. Thinking of a way to turn the situation around, Rich turned to Nikki
and asked, "Would you like some of our punch?  We just made a new bowl."

Rich was surprised when Nikki replied, "I would love some of your punch".  The "punch"
was made of "secret" ingredients that were passed down from each Delta pledge class
to another.  Depending on the objective of the evening, the punch could either contain
Everclear or no alcohol at all.  No frat boy could pass on the opportunity of watching
a girl think she was getting drunk when she was just drinking plain old Kool Aid.  

Rich promptly returned with a cup of punch for Nikki and a can of Natural Ice for himself. 
After taking a few sips of the punch, Nikki could feel the effect the Everclear was
beginning to have on her.  For some reason, Everclear punch always made her horny.  One
cup made her hot, but by the third cup she was on top of some table stripping.  Knowing
what her reaction to the punch usually was, Nikki continued to drink it down.  The
worse part about Delta punch was that you could drink way too many cups of it, since
it didn't have the same horrible taste most alcohol did.  

Nikki started to feel flushed from the combination of the alcohol and heat that was produced 
by the number of people that were packed into the tiny living room of the house.
People were nearly knocking her over in their attempt to get by; behind her frat boy Joe had 
some freshman girl pressed against the wall, while she appeared to be getting off by riding his 
thigh.  In her
increased state of drunkenness (and horniness for that matter), Nikki peered over
her shoulder to watch them "dancing".  The girl seemed to be begging Joe to increase
the pressure of his knee between her legs; it was apparent to anyone who was 
watching them that she was so wet, she was leaving a lovely stain on his crisp, new
Abercrombie jeans. As the action continued, the audience grew.  People seemed to lose
interest in the game of strip "quarters", where the team of Jenny and Brianna, 
had stripped down to matching glow in the dark thongs.  Right now, all eyes
were on frat boy Joe and the show he and the freshman were giving everyone. 

Watching the display before her, combined with the alcohol, was not good for Nikki. She
started absently swaying to the dance music that was blaring from the stereo.  Never 
missing an opportunity, Rich moved behind Nikki, slipping his arms around her waist,
to bring her in closer to him.  As she became more engrossed in the rhythm of the music,
she started grinding her ass against his cock.  Rich slowly raised her skirt from behind,
so that anyone in front of them would not be able to see what he was doing.  Since
she was wearing thongs, he was able press him denim clad cock against the crack of her
ass. Moving his hands from her waist, he started to absently rub her clit through 
the material of her skirt and her panties. She seemed to be enjoying  his
actions, so he decided to get a little bolder.  Using one hand to steady her against him,
he slid his other hand under the waistband of her skirt, into her panties. He moved her 
panties to the side and used his thumb and forefinger to roll her clit in circles. 

Nikki's eyes slid closed and she breathed a small, "ahhhh".  She could feel
her pussy clenching in anticipation of what was to come.  Rich started flick her clit
faster and she knew it wasn't going to be long before she came in front
of everyone at the party.  She was sure that there were people watching her, but at this 
point she didn't care.  All she could worry about was the feelings that he was
eliciting from her.  The house could be burning down around her and she wouldn't care,
as long as he let her come.  Just at the moment when she knew she could not stand 
any more stimulation, Rich let go of his hold on her clit and pulled her thong tightly 
between her legs, using it to rasp against her engorged, hot flesh.  

Nikki started to whisper a litany of "oh god, oh god, oh godddd!", as she felt the spasms 
begin deep within the walls of her cervix and splinter throughout her entire being.  
Wave after wave, her orgasm pulsed through her, causing her to steadily grind against
Rich.  Even though she was trapped in her own aroused state, Nikki could feel his cock lengthening
in his pants; she could feel it twitching in vain to get out from its confines.  Nikki
turned around and lowered one of her hands to rest on the button fly of Rich's cargo pants.
She slowly started to massage him, but took great care not to establish a steady rhythm.
Nikki wanted tease Rich in the same manner that he had teased her.  With his eyes tightly
closed and his hands resting on her back, Rich muttered, "Yeah, baby, don't stop.  Please 
don't stop.  Keep going.  Get my cock nice and hard for your pussy, baby.  I know you want
it inside you."


~*Original Story by: Nikki B (sororitygirlnikki@hotmail.com)*~
Unauthorized use of this story, without the authors prior consent is prohibited by copyright.  Please DO NOT post this story in other internet forums or groups, without the prior consent of the author.
Sorority Girls Diary


