The Insurance Settlement
by Biker

Contents: Mf, MMMf, non-cons, spanking, humiliation


Damn, am I ever going to be in trouble!" Jenny thought to herself as she put 
away her insurance card and headed off to the mall.  "Steve is going to kill 
me!" 

Jenny had been talking to her girlfriend on her cellphone while heading 
toward the mall.  But, she didn't see the car in front of her brake until it 
was too late.  She tried to swerve out of the way, but wasn't able to avoid 
clipping the car's bumper with her's.  Although the damage was not severe, 
it still warranted being reported to the insurance company in order to be 
fixed. 

The older man and his son took it very well; they just exchanged insurance 
information and they drove off.  Jenny was glad about that!  But, she still 
knew that Steve would be pissed and she was sure to be punished for it.  It 
wasn't that bad, so maybe he would take it easy on her. 

Jenny tried to shrug off the accident as she strolled from store to store.  
"Hmm," she thought, "maybe I'll buy something really sexy to wear when I 
tell Steve about the accident!  Maybe that will take his mind of it!" 

Settling on a very sheer black baby doll top and matching crotchless 
panties, she began her long journey home.  As she drove, she developed a 
plan on just how she would tell Steve about the car.  Yes, she had a plan 
and was beginning to feel pretty good about it. 

After parking the car, she grabbed her bags and headed in the house.  She 
knew Steve was home as his car was in the drive. 

"Hey, Steve, I'm back." yelled Jenny as she began hurrying up the stairs; 
anxious to show off her new sexy clothes. 

"Jenny?  I'm in the den.  Come here, please." Steve replied. 

"I'll be there in a minute.  I need to do something first!" Jenny yelled 
back. 

"No, Jenny!  Come here, right this minute!" Steve shouted back angrily. 

"Oh, damn!" thought Jenny as she hurried back down the stairs and into the 
den.  "What is it, dear?" 

"Is there something you want to tell me, Jenny?" Steve inquired staring 
intently into her eyes. 

"Uh, no, uh, not just yet anyway!" she said quietly. 

"Oh, and just when did you want to tell me?" Steve mused. 

"Um, well, after I put on this." Jenny said as she held out the two tiny 
pieces of material. 

Steve reached out and inspected the garmets.  Holding them up to her torso, 
he said, "Hmm, yes, very nice.  Yes, I believe I would like to see you in 
these!  But, first things first.  I think you'd better start talking right 
now!" 

"Oh, Steve, I'm so sorry.  I didn't mean to, it was just an unfortunate 
accident; one of those things that couldn't have been prevented!" she said 
as tears began to form in her eyes. 

"And, just what was this unfortunate accident?" Steve retorted still with 
the piercing stare. 

"I had an accident with the car." Jenny said almost whispering. 

"What?  Speak up, Jenny!  What about the car?" 

"I accidently hit another car on the highway.  I couldn't stop in time!  I 
tried to turn out of the way, but wasn't able to." Jenny replied not wanting 
to look Steve in the eye. 

"And, just why couldn't you stop in time, Jenny?  Was it because you were 
talking on your cellphone and not paying attention to the road?"  Steve 
demanded. 

"Yes." Jenny said as she began to sob. 

"You know what will happen with our insurance, don't you, Jenny?  This is 
the third time in the past year that you've had an unfortunate accident.  
The insurance man told us that if we filed one more claim this year, they 
might have to cancel our policy!  Is that what you want to happen, Jenny?  
Do you know what it will cost to be able to get insurance somewhere else 
after they drop us?"  Steve said evenly yet with enough emphasis to show 
his displeasure.  "Well, young lady?" 

"I'm so sorry, Steve.  I'll save my money and pay for both cars myself.  
We won't have to report it, okay?" Jenny pleaded in between sobs. 

"Well, fortunately for you, Mr. Jenkins was a very reasonable man about the 
whole thing."  Steve said. 

Jenny just stared at Steve wide-eyed not knowing what to say. 

"Yes, he called here about an hour ago and told me all about the accident.  
He also said the damage wasn't that bad and that he wouldn't be filing an 
insurance claim." he said. 

"Oh, thank God!" Jenny cried as she sighed in relief. 

"Oh, no, Jenny.  Don't think you're getting off that easy!  No, you still 
have your punishment coming.  So, why don't you go back up stairs and put 
on your new outfit.  Then, come back down here, okay?"  Steve smiled. 

"Yes, sir!  But, it will hurt if I wear this.  Can't you just spank me 
now?"  Jenny cried. 

"No, Jenny, this is one spanking that needs to hurt.  After all, you could 
have been killed or badly injured because of your neglect.  No, you need to 
remember this one." 

Not saying a word, Jenny turned to head out of the room.  Just as she 
reached the foot of the stairs, she heard Steve yell "Oh, and Jenny, bring 
my black belt with you when you come back!" 

Jenny's heart sunk when she heard those words.  Steve always saved the belt 
for those really bad times.  She knew this was going to be one of them, too! 

After she had stripped off her clothes, she looked herself over in the 
mirror.  As she turned and gazed upon her fine ass, she knew that it would 
look like this for long; not after Steve got through with it! 

Quickly putting on her new outfit, she rushed into the closet to fetch the 
belt.  It was a large one at almost three inches wide and a big gold buckle 
on one it.  With the belt in hand, Jenny hurried back down the stairs and 
into the den.  With her head down, she slowly approached the sitting Steve 
and handed him his belt. 

"Mmmm, yes, I do like that outfit Jenny!" Steve said as he scanned her near 
nakedness.  Reaching out, he pinched her nipple between his thumb and finger 
and began rolling it back and forth.  Jenny kept her eyes closed but let out 
a small moan as the twisting of her nipple began to stir her loins. 

Turning her slightly, Steve moved his hand down between her legs when her 
toyed with her exposed pussy lips in the crotchless panties.  Jenny 
instinctively spread her legs even further allowing his fingers better 
access to her moist privates.  She was just beginning to get into the 
movement of his fingers when he abruptly stoipped and pulled her down over 
his knee. 

"Okay, Jenny, time to begin.  As you've already suspected, this will be a 
painful punishment.  After all, this is something you need to remember for 
a long time."  Steve said as he grasped the sheer panties and dragged them 
down to her knees 

Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack! 

"Ow!" howled Jenny as Steve brought his hand down full force on her bare 
butt.  "Oh, shit, that hurts!" 

Ignoring her screams, Steve continued with the spanking alternating cheeks 
with every spank. 

Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack! 

"Oh, please stop!  It hurts so bad!" Jenny screamed as she tried to wriggle 
out of his reach. 

But, it was no use.  Steve was much stronger than her and had her pinned 
down pretty well with her right arm held tightly against her back. 

Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack! 

Jenny's ass felt like it was on fire!  Each time his strong hand landed on 
her, she could feel the pain shoot out and up through her body. 

Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack! 

"Ouch!  Oh, STOP!  I promise I won't do it again!" Jenny shrieked, but to 
no avail. 

Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack! 

Sobbing loudly know, Jenny had stopped kicking and resigned herself to the 
spanking at hand.  Despite the pain, she felt her pussy moistening and knew 
that Steve could see her arousal. 

Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack!  Smack! 

Stopping momentarily, Steve rubbed his palm soothingly over her red blotched 
ass cheeks.  A small moan escaped through her sobs as she felt his fingers 
penetrate her sex. 

Ding-dong....ding-dong....ding-dong! 

"Damn doorbell," Jenny thought, "just when it was starting to feel good!" 

"Okay, Jenny, up you go!"  Steve said is he stood and pulled Jenny up with 
him.  "Bend over my desk and keep those legs spread until I get back, 
understand?" 

Jenny's hands immediately went to rub her burning backside.  Still sobbing, 
yet wearing the glow of her arousal, she nodded and laid herself over the 
big oak desk.  The coldness of the wood startled her as she pressed her 
breasts into it's surface.  She could feel the cool air as it blew across 
her exposed pussy. 

When Steve whistled his approval before leaving, Jenny flushed with 
humiliation knowing that he was looking at her most private parts and seeing 
just how aroused she was. 

As she lie over the desk, naked and exposed, she could hear other voices 
besides Steve's.  And, the were getting louder! 

"Oh, my God" though Jenny, "he's bringing someone in here!" 

Just as she started to stand up and run away, Steve's voice froze her 
movements. 

"Jenny, I think you know our guests!" Steve chuckled. 

To petrified to stand up, Jenny was also too scared and embarassed to see 
who was here.  So, she just laid there with legs still parted and her 
entire body red with embarassment. 

"Come now, Jenny.  Don't offend our guests.  Please stand and greet them!" 
commanded Steve. 

Slowly, Jenny raised up and immediately attempted to cover her naked breasts 
with one arm and her exposed crotch with her other.  As she turned to see 
the visitors, she let out a surprised scream. 

"Oh, my God!  What are you doing here?  Steve, get them out of here!" she 
yelled as she tried to run out of the room. 

But, Steve had anticipated this and easily blocked her way, grabbing her 
from behind by both arms. 

"Now, now, Jenny, is that any way to treat our company?" Steve laughed 
as he continued to hold her arms, preventing her from covering up her 
nakedness. 

"My, Jenny, you are even more beautiful that when we met earlier today.  
Don't you think so, son?" Mr. Jenkins smiled as he scanned her from head 
to toe. 

"Oh, yeah, Dad, she's gorgegous!" said Tom Jenkins as he stared openingly 
at the exposed lips of her shaved pussy. 

"I'm sure glad I played my hunch and called your husband!" the old man 
said, "This will be the best insurance settlement I've ever received!" 

Flushed with embarassment and anger, Jenny tried kicking herself free from 
Steve.  But, he would have none of it and pulled her back to his desk. 

"Gentlemen, I was just about to give Jenny the second half of her 
punishment." he said eyeing the big black belt, "Would you care to join me?" 

Both men rapidly shook their heads indicating their eagerness to help out. 

"Good!  I'm going to need you help in holding her down so if I could have 
one of you on each side, please." Steve said. 

Each man moved to opposite sides of the desk and took hold of an arm.  
Then, gently yet firmly, they pressed in down onto the desk as she still 
struggled to get away. 

Once she was pinned down, Steve reached down and felt her wet pussy. 

"Jenny, as part of your punishment, I've asked Mr. Jenkins and his son to 
participate.  Maybe the shame and humiliation from this will help keep you 
from having any more accidents!"  Steve said as he fingered her open pussy. 

"Stop, please!  I don't want them to see!  Please!" she pleaded.  But, both 
men were strong and she could barely move.  She could feel the heat of her 
embarassment cover her body as she was looking straight at Tom's crotch and 
the outline of his hard cock. 

SMACK! 

Steve answered her protests with the big belt across her defenseless ass. 

"YEOW!" Jenny screamed as she kicked her legs to help ease the pain. 

SMACK! 

"OW!" 

Both men held on tightly as Jenny screamed and howled as Steve played the 
belt across her butt.  Tom, the young man, was especially excited and leaned 
over hoping to see more between her legs.  Jenny saw this and struggled even 
harder, but was unable to prevent him from seeing all of her delights. 

SMACK! 

"OUCH!  Please stop, Steve!  I promise no more wrecks!" Jenny begged. 

"Sorry, babe, but we're not done yet.  You don't sound very sincere yet!" 
Steve laughed as he brought the belt down again. 

SMACK! 

"Damn, son, you'd better release that thing before you pop a seam!" Mr. 
Jenkins said as he nodded at his son's obvious erection. 

After getting a silent nod of approval from Steve, Tom tugged his shorts down 
with his free hand, releasing his rigid member.  As he looked into Jenny's 
glazed and reddened eyes, he slowly began masterbating for her. 

Jenny felt herself flush again, but could not take her eyes off his moving 
hand.  Suddenly, Steve interrupted her thoughts. 

SMACK! 

"OWWWW!" 

Taking the cue from his son, Mr. Jenkins unzipped and fished his hardening 
cock out as well.  Then, reaching down and grabbing Jenny by the hair, he 
turned her head and forced her to look at his long, dangling cock.  When 
she was focused on it, he started tugging on it, letting her watch as it 
grew to it's full swollen length. 

Steve was get hard as well and was anxious to take Jenny's punishment to 
the next level.  Even though he knew she still deserved several more blows 
from the belt, he knew what to do next. 

SMACK! 

"YEOCHHHH!"  Jenny sobbed as the pain cut through her. 

"Tom, how about you and I switch places?" Steve said as he laid the belt 
down and took hold of Jenny's arm. 

"Sure!  Yeah!" grinned Tom as he moved behind her and started to pick up 
the belt. 

"I don't think we need that right now." Steve said.  "Why don't you take 
care of the growing problem sticking out in front of you!" 

Grinning like a kid, Tom movee up and grabbed hold of Jenny's hips.  Jenny 
tried to struggle out of his way, but it was no use as she felt his fingers 
rub across her open sex. 

"No, please, no!  Not that!" yelled Jenny, but it was no use, his fingers 
had already begun penetration.  Instinctively, her pussy clamped down on 
him and she felt every inch as they moved inside her. 

"Oh, damn, she is so hot and wet!" Tom exclaimed as he buried three fingers 
deep into her. 

None of them overlooked the small moan that escaped from Jenny has his 
fingers bottomed out in her. 

As Tom began pumping them in and out of her, Steve reached over with his 
free hand and slapped her hard on the ass.  This brought another and louder 
moan from her.  Mr. Jenkins dropped his cock and did likewise on Jenny's 
other asscheek.  Once again, the moans mixed in with her screams told them 
she was on her way to a big orgasm. 

"Oh, shit, she's going to cum!" Tom yelled as she bucked hard under his hand. 

"NO!" screamed Jenny not wanting to cum in front of them, "NO!" 

But, it was too late; her desire had overcame her inhibitions.  Her body 
began shake and quiver as the overwelming throes of orgasm passed through 
her.  Embarassed and humiliated, Jenny began to sob softly as she realized 
what she had done in front of these two strangers. 

Seeing Jenny's emotions pour out, Mr. Jenkins released his hold on her and 
moved up behind her.  Before she could even move, he had penetrated her and 
was trying to push his large cock fully into her. 

"Oh, God, she is one tight woman!" Mr. Jenkins cried as his cock finally 
touched bottom.  "Steve, would you mind spanking her again while I fuck her?" 

"Not at all!" Steve grinned and recommenced the assault on her ass. 

Once again, Jenny felt the passion begin again within her.  She was so 
turned on that the spanking only added to her arousal.  She tried to not 
show her enjoyment, but was unable to; her body was betraying her again.  
Her pussy was now as hot as her ass was and getting hotter with each stroke 
of the old man's cock. 

As Mr. Jenkins he settled into a steady rhythm, Jenny could feel every 
movement inside her.  As her orgasm built, Tom got into the act by roughly 
pulling her head to his side and shoving is cock deep into her mouth.  Once 
again, the humilation of being used in both her pussy and mouth by total 
strangers overcame her and she began to cum hard again.  As both men pumped 
her orifices full of their hot sperm, Steve watched in awe as she came over 
and over again. 

After each man had pulled their wilting cocks out, her eyes were closed and 
her body twitched with the after effects of her huge orgasm. 

"Steve, I think we've come pretty close to settling this debt.  However, if 
you don't mind, I would like to keep it open for a little longer.  You know, 
just to ensure that nothing else goes wrong with our car over then next 
month or so." Mr. Jenkins grinned. 

Smiling back with total understanding, Steve said, "Yes, I think is a good 
idea.  After all, you should get your money's worth!" 

Jenny had almost passed out from the intensity of her orgasms and had barely 
heard the men talking.  She did, however, hear enough to know that she might 
have another punishment coming.  And, smiling inside to herself, she 
wondered just what they would dream up for her next. 

