Sleeping
by julesteve©
After the adventures at our party and photo shoot Steve and I discussed what had happened so far and what we could do next to spice things up even further. I was curious as to what would happen if Steve was not around to guide and encourage his friends if they were to find me in a 'sexy' situation. 

Would they have the nerve to take advantage or would they be too timid.

Steve thought that they might but I was unsure, we spent the next hour or so thinking up little scenarios to test our opposing views but could not think of a situation where I would be alone, enticing and venerable.

The ideal opportunity came along when our friend Jake dropped in to tell us that the company he and Terry worked for had opened up a new plant down and had offered them jobs that would include both a raise and promotion, although it meant moving away the opportunity was too good to miss and they had accepted.

Seeing this as a great chance for us to set something up we told Jake of our discussion, he agreed with Steve that any guy would take advantage given the right circumstances and suggested we set something up for his and Terry's last evening.

Jake agreed to keep the guys in line and to the rules; Jules was very specific about the boundaries she was willing to cross, any touching was Ok but full sex was out, no penetration with anything other than fingers although she would allow them to rub their cocks against her ass while she was wearing her panties and on her tits. 

They could cum over her as much as they liked.

Together we arranged a night out to celebrate their good fortune and to say goodbye to our friends as they moved on. As a none drinker Steve would hire and drive a minibus to pick up the party, I would join them for a meal and drinks then later get a Taxi back to Terry's place as Steve and I would be stopping overnight rather than face a long drive home. 

As a treat the guys would take Terry and Jake on to a strip club, arriving back at Terry's place later that evening, as designated driver Steve would be dropping off those who were not invited to our 'private' part of the evening which would give a reason for him not to be around when the guys later find me the worse for wear and 'asleep' in the lounge.

Hearing them arrive home my heart pounded as I lay there on a big soft leather sofa. 

Faking a drunken sleep I was still in my clothes, the soft cotton of my light pleated skirt clung to my thighs and ass, although not short it sat well above my knees and rides up a little when I am seated. Earlier I caught several of the guys sneaking a look along my legs, no doubt hoping for a flash of panties.

My shoes were on the rug where I had kicked them off, my blouse open for the first few buttons and slightly transparent showed off the lace of my balconette bra along with a generous expanse of tanned cleavage, the darker skin of my nipples could just be made out the anticipation of what might happen soon causing them to protrude beyond the confines of the pretty lace, my heart raced Underneath my skirt I wore matching French knickers, just loose enough around the leg so that inquisitive fingers could find their way in, but still hugging my delicate skin in all the right places, showing off the shape of my mound. 

From recent experience I knew they would cling to me when I was damp, outlining my pussy lips, a quick glance from behind would give the illusion I was naked as they sank way up into ass leaving me virtually exposed at the rear. 

There were soft footsteps to the side of the sofa,

"You still want to be alone with Jake and the guys?" 

Steve Said surprising me.

"Yes, don't worry Jake knows how far to take things." I replied.
There was a slight pause then Steve said. 
"They invited Mick too, Jake felt sorry for him, with his wife always 'working' away from home so please try and be nice." He added laughing.

"Oh god whatever for, he's so shy and reserved things might not go the way we were thinking they might." I said.

Mick was one of our old neighbours, a gullible geek whose wife is always away on 'business trips'. It is common knowledge in our office that she is meeting the guys who work with her for sex but Mick is either really stupid or ignoring it.

To my shame I once teased him in our kitchen about it until he was a stammering mess, we moved shortly after and I had not seen him since.

Steve started to move away then hesitated, "You sure you still want to do this?"

My stomach was turning somersaults.

"Oh yes baby, if it's still Ok with you." I quickly replied.

In answer he bent and kissed me passionately on the lips, he whispered in my ear, "enjoy yourself." gave my boob a cheeky squeeze and left.


I laid my head down on the arm of the big soft sofa and listened to the muffled music coming from the other room, the soft light from the lamp in the corner and the warmth of the room along with the pleasant buzz from all the shots and cocktails earlier was enough to send me to sleep, I just dozed a while with not a care in the world then I heard the door open, mumbling voices swiftly followed.

"Come on he wont be long, lets get a beer from the kitchen then go see where she is." said a voice which I recognised as Jake, 

"Here she is in the lounge."

It was Mick's voice, bloody hell it would be him that found me first, he would probably insist the guys cover me up with a blanket and leave me to sleep it off.

Pretending to be asleep I just lay there on my stomach, my skirt had risen quite high up my legs due to my nap. I just kept my head buried in the large sofa cushion and tried to stay still with my legs stretched out, there was a small cushion under my lower belly causing my ass to poke up a little, my left arm curled around a cushion the other hanging down onto the floor.

I heard other people come into the room, at least four different voices muttered away as I lay there, then I heard Jake say.

"Steve will be a while dropping everyone off, what time do you think he will be back?"

"It's still early so just chill and have another beer he won't be too long." Mick replied.

"I wasn't worried about ale," said Jake,

"I was thinking of having a little fun with Jules."

Mick's voice quavered a little. "What are you suggesting?"

"Well I know for a fact that she likes to show her panties to people when she's out." "We saw them at her last party didn't we Terry."

Terry backed up Jake as planned,

"We sure did, and her cute ass too." He added, 

"I wonder if she is wearing any panties today."

Jake's hand brush along the bottom of my skirt.

"I love this type of material the wind only has to catch it a little; the skirt whips up over the back of the legs if you're lucky you get a little flash."

"Pity there's no breeze in here then." Someone I did not recognise said.

"Who needs a breeze?" Jake replied.

He pinched the hem of my skirt and flicked the thin cotton up over my buttocks.

"Wow look at her ass in those panties, they are so fucking hot." I heard someone yell out, "I would love to get inside those; Steve is such a lucky bastard getting to hump her every night." 

Not letting on I was awake I just lay there, my underwear on display, heart beating faster getting turned on by the whole situation, drink playing its part as the guys got braver when I didn't stir, making lurid sexual remarks.

Mick tried to hush the guys.

"Bloody hell what if she wakes up, pull her skirt back down and let's go."

Jake's hand move up over the back of my legs, his fingers tickled across the soft skin of my buttock then over the thin material covering over my ass.

"She won't wake up; when she drinks she's always out for the count, Terry and I have had fun with her before with Steve's blessing, haven't we mate?"

Terry confirmed what Jake said, "She loves it Mick, besides you can't tell me you really want us to pass up the opportunity for a look at that ass?"

There was no answer from Mick, but also no protest so I guess that Steve was right and even the most timid of guys wont miss the chance to see a half naked woman.

Pretending to stir a little in my sleep I brought my left knee up, arching my body slightly so my pert ass poked up and out giving access to the crotch of my panties


"Fucking hell her ass is so smooth, those panties need to come off."

One of them said.

Jake continued to explore the smooth flesh of my buttocks as I heard him say.

"If any of you guys doubt how much fun we can have here watch this."

He ran a finger along the leg of my panties following to where they gradually disappeared into my ass, gliding down between the cheeks until it tickled over the crotch of my panties which were soaked and stuck to my pussy lips. 


I heard gasps.

"Fucking hell she does look sexy there dude, those panties are sunk right into her pussy" Said the new guy in a lustful way.

At this point Mick decided to try and be the voice of reason

"What are we doing, show some respect, cover her back up and let's go." 

On hearing this I knew that they would be torn between doing the right thing and lustful curiosity as to what might happen next, I loved knowing they were all staring at me and didn't want to lose the moment so I moved again. 

This time I slipped my left knee over the edge of the sofa exposing a view right up between my legs, I knew my panties were on full view and that the shape of my pussy would be visible through the inadequate thin fabric. 

If they decided to go now they were stupid but I doubted that they would listen to Mick with what was now on display and continue to ogle the 'sleeping' wife.
I turned a little more as if in my sleep and moved my body over to the edge of the sofa my legs felt way too far apart for my own decency, but it made me feel horny.

The room was silent and the intensity of the situation was huge, there was a damp trickle between my legs, the cool air hitting my thighs and I felt a rush all over me.

It was all I could do to stay still and keep my eyes closed with my head buried in the cushion so they thought I was asleep, taking a chance I moved my head slightly, still keeping my face in the cushion but turning it and squinting my one eye open slightly. In the adjacent mirror I could just see them standing there staring at me, Jake, Terry, Mick and the guy whose voice I did not recognise, Mick's friend Carl.

Jake broke the silence.

"You go if you want but I think Jules would hate to leave us in this state."

I heard the sound of a zipper being pulled down then felt pressure on the sofa as Jake rested one hand by my side so that he was leaning over me, he eased his weight down until I felt what I guessed was the damp end of his cock press against the curve of my buttock, it twitched against my skin as he jacked his cock.

Moving until his hard dick was nestled between my ass cheeks he pressed against the thin lace and gently thrust against my buttocks, humping my ass through my panties.

The other guys must have been wondering how I could have slept through it as I continued to pretend to be asleep. I was desperate to push back but kept still since I wanted to see who else would join in the game. 

I soon felt Jake start to cum and squeezed my cheeks around his shaft as he pressed it firmly against my body, squirting his cum, soaking my ass through my panties. 


Squinting I could see the others rubbing themselves through their clothes in the mirror, but Mick stood there seemingly in shock.


As Jake moved off me he slipped his fingers into the waistband of my panties and pulled them slowly over my ass, the thin lacy cotton soaking up his cream as they travelled down, I knew my pussy would be on show any second and slid down more 'in my sleep' hiking my hips up to allow him pull my panties down to my knees. 

As he slipped them further down my legs and over my ankles, I lay there with my heart hammering in my chest, vulnerable with my skirt hiked way up over my back. 

Terry stepped closer to where I was laying. 

"See you should trust us, she won't wake up; look at the beautiful pussy she had hidden away under those panties. It's saturated and probably aching for some attention." 

He was stroking his throbbing member openly over my slim clothed body.

"Jules likes guys to look at her the same way as if they were jerking off over a porno."

"Jake and I know there are some rules before you play though." 

"Use your fingers to touch her anywhere and cum on her because that's what she likes, you can rub your cock anywhere except her pussy, no penetration guys." 

"Are we all Ok with that?" 

Everyone agreed, even Mick who I could see was pulling his cock hard through his trousers, I let out a little moan, 'in my sleep'.
All of the guys had now pulled out their cocks and move over along side the sofa so there were four of them standing looking down at me, jerking off over the sight of my ass and pussy, quiet so they did not disturb me.

Peeping over again at the mirror, I saw Mick openly rubbing his cock now, eyes fixed on my cheeks. I could see Carl's fingers working along his bent throbbing member; it was protruding way out from his jeans directly over my ass I could hear him breathing heavy. 

Jake had recovered enough to have a healthy semi while Terry started to slide his hands up and down a now fully erect shaft, with his other hand he reached down and eased one of my buttocks over opening me up to the room.

I could tell from the cool breeze blowing across my pussy that my damp lips would be on view to the entire room. 

Carl reached down and rubbed his fingers between my sopping lips then added the moisture to the shaft of his already slick member, his hand flying up and down his throbbing cock until his back arched, shamelessly groaning loud, I knew he was losing it and would be the first to cum. 
He leant right over me and I felt hot liquid splattering across my exposed buttocks, it felt like four or five thick streams hitting my smooth skin.

I moved my head slightly and in the mirror saw Terry pick up my panties. He wiped the mess off my buttocks with them. He slid his other hand frantically up and down over his long shaft, his foreskin gliding over the swollen end. 

He dropped to his knees with his cock inches from my ass as he pulled on his uncut cock; he reached between my legs tracing a finger up and down my slit through the wet folds, his index finger entering my pussy, massaging the slick walls.

He manoeuvred around to the same position Jake had been in and pushed his dick against my buttocks, burying the slick shaft between my ass cheeks, I tensed up; the deal had been that they would only do this when I was wearing my panties, would I be able to trust him not to try and go further?

He began to rock back and forth; the hair on his balls was tickling the bottom curve of my buttocks so I knew the head was well away from my pussy and asshole.

The shaft of his cock was riding between my cheeks and his groans soon became grunts as he started to pick up the pace suddenly tensing moving down slightly and pressing the head of his cock hard against me so it nestled between the soft cheeks as he unleash his load. 

The thick cream shot between my buttocks, pumping right into the crack of my ass, I felt the warm goo running down between my thighs and dripping over my swollen, aching slit, it made me so horny. I love the feeling when a guy cums over me, the fact they were taking advantage while I was 'asleep' made it even more erotic.

Terry got off me and cleaned the mess off my cheeks, again using my panties, taking the opportunity to run his fingers between my buttocks, then down to my pussy where he gently rubbed my lips between his finger and thumb.

Gently inserting his thumb he rubbed it in and out several times until I stirred a little and groaned, he removed it and I could see in the mirror that he sucked it between his lips tasting me.


I looked round at them.

Mick was rubbing his cock as he looked down at my pussy, lost in his own need muttering away at what a dirty girl I was. Deciding to give him a better view I drew my knees up under me and arched my back pushing my ass out to open myself up. 

Carl suddenly said.

"She's awake, look man, she's knows what we've been doing." 


With those words Mick lost his cool squirting his load all over the back of my legs and ass, I felt it splashing against my pussy as he thrust his hips forward while working his hand over the fat end, holding his cock just inches from my vagina as jet after jet of cum hit me, he groaned loud as he came.


As soon as Mick moved away Jake reached down and pulled my hips around, guiding me until I was kneeling on the floor, my top half resting on the sofa, skirt thrown up over my back, my bare ass facing them, legs spread wide, I had shaved my pussy so every little detail was open to them, I was so horny.


Jake dropped to his knees tugging his cock rubbing it over my ass cheeks as he masturbated behind me. 


He slipped a finger slowly into my pussy, it felt like heaven then slowly and gently he added another, letting them rest in my damp folds as I ground my hips, enjoying the feel of them as his thumb rubbed lightly over my outer lips.

He then drew his hand back then so that the tips just rested just inside my vagina, thrust forward, withdrew them and pushed them back picking up a rhythm as he as began to finger fuck me, I arched my back, my hips bucking back and forth vigorously as I started to moan with pleasure.


He started battering me relentlessly, thrusting deep into me, drawing out slow then slamming back in, I was moaning with every stroke as the guys gathered close taking in every little detail as his fingers opened up my pussy, encouraging him.


"Fuck her, fuck her hard Jake." They shouted.

The inside of my thighs began to twitch and my breathing become rapid as I neared orgasm. To my frustration Jake suddenly slowed up then slipped his fingers out of me, rubbing them over and around my now aching pussy lips, his hand glistening with my juices.

He picked up one of the empty Bud bottles and rubbed it along the length of my slit.

Crazy with lust I cried out. "Oh god, yes do it." 

I pushed my hips back, needing to feel something other than his teasing fingers.

Gently he slid the just the top of the neck between my lips, I gasped with delight. 

He slowly pushed it further in as he pulled my hips towards him steadying me with his other hand he crushed his hard cock against my buttock rubbing against me as he started to pump harder and faster. 

My body shuddered with delight as he fucked me
His rhythm changed and I groaned out loud, I started to tense up, losing control as Jake pumped even faster, I bucked my hips so hard, as the gorgeous feeling of orgasm started to rush through my whole body making me cry out in ecstasy.

I was in tatters, my legs were drained of any strength and I collapsed forward onto the floor as Jake gently withdrew the bottle.

He lay on top of me and pressed his cock between my naked buttocks, grabbing my hips and pulling him hard against his shaft pumping fast, his breath harsh as I felt his cock explode over me, jetting all over my ass as he climaxed. 

He took hold of his cock and rubbed the end between my cheeks spreading cum between them and then down over my pussy, the tip of his cock just tickling between my lips before he pulled away.
As he moved off me I just flopped there, half naked, legs open, covered in cum with four guys staring at my glistening buttocks and pussy.
I ran my hand over my ass, arched my back up and looked down between my legs, I saw the cum dripping from me, falling onto the rug, it was a lovely sight but Steve would be back soon so I thanked them all for a wonderful time and made my way to the shower.
Later in bed I would tell Steve all about my evening while riding his cock. 

Jxx