Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Twelve: Futa Magic! Hiding Naughty Fun
Summary: Brigida has to use her magic to conceal their futa fun!
Keywords: hff hh HHh school inter oral creampie anal A2P fantasy magic

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Brígida Vasquez

“Arehdna Ahkohd!” I chanted.

And I wasn't the only one. As the door opened into the room, my pussy clenching around Virginia's girl-cock and my futa-dick buried in Mio's cunt, the Japanese girl chanted with me. My spell flew out and so did hers.

The air wrapped and then hid the five of us that were in here. Addy, Joann, Mio, Virginia, and I were all hid by my magery. I shuddered, my pussy full of cum and cock, my body buzzing from the delight of erupting into Mio's cunt as Virginia flooded my snatch with futa-jizz.

The fireman poked his head in, looking around the empty classroom where my chess club met. Everyone was frozen, expecting to be caught naked during our naughty experiment to figure out why Aria could make futas, but not Lada and me. But I had just made a futa. Mio was one. The experiment was a success.

The fireman closed the door and then moved on.

“Why didn't he see us?” asked Virginia.

“We used Arehdna Ahkohd,” Mio said, “to hide us. Ooh, Brígida, I have a cock and I can do magic now.”

“Hot, right,” I said. “Mmm, welcome to my mage cadre and Virginia's harem. You're a futa-concubine now.”

The Japanese girl beamed at me. Virginia had cum in me a split-second before I had come in Mio. It was the second time that Virginia had spilled her seed in me. That had powered me up, giving me the ability to make futas of my own.

Now the question was, did I need to be powered up again, or could I just make futas from now on. With our naughty fun being hidden by the invisibility spell, it was time to make use of the fire alarm that had been pulled—Saffron, Virginia's twin sister and our harem's rogue, had done that for me—and experiment more with our futa-dicks.

“Addy, you're next,” I said. “I have to fuck your pussy and see if I can make you into a futa-mage like Mio.”

“Oh, yes,” moaned Addy.

“And what about me?” Mio asked. “Can I make mages?”

“No,” Virginia said. “You're not one of my party members.”

“Party members?” I asked, my cunt clenching down on Virginia's girl-dick. “Why do you think that?”

“I...” Virginia sounded confused. “I really don't know. It just sort of popped into my head. Like the way that you know magic, I guess.”

“This is so awesome,” Addy moaned. “I'm so ready to get fucked and become a futa-mage.”

“Don't forget about me,” added Joann. “I want that so badly. I want to cast spells and have a dick.”

“Mmm, you will,” I purred. I pushed up my glasses. “Just need Virginia to slide her girl-cock out of my cunt. Then we can get down to the fun.”

“Oh, right,” Virginia said and pulled her girl-dick out of my cunt. I shuddered as she slid out. Then her cum flowed out of me. 

Next, Mio climbed off me. Her pussy slid up my dick. She whimpered, her petite body trembling. Then I popped out. my futa-cock slapped wet into my stomach. I shuddered at the feel of it throbbing against my belly. My cum already matted her black bush. She hopped off the table.

I rose next and then slid off of it. I grinned at Addy, my futa-dick throbbing before me. The black-haired girl had such a huge grin on her face. She pushed up her dainty glasses and then she bent over the table, wiggling her rump at us. She had a cute ass and a trimmed bush. 

“Just slide that big, Mexican sausage right in,” moaned Addy. “I'm hungry for something spicy!”

“God, you're so corny,” Joann said. 

“I love it,” I declared, my futa-cock throbbing. I pressed my dick right into her cunt. I slid up and down her bush, savoring the feel of her hot flesh and silky curls on my tip. 

She moaned, “Ram into me, Brígida!”

I thrust into her. I buried to the hilt in my friend's cunt. I shuddered at the feel of her hot pussy sliding over my cock. She felt so amazing. I groaned, my face contorting from the delight of slamming into her cunt. I shuddered as her pussy held me. That wonderful cunt gripped me. I shuddered, my twat aching.

Hot cum ran out of my snatch and soaked my bush. A thick gob ran down my thigh. Then hands grabbed my calves right below my knees. A tongue licked up my inner thigh, gathering up that spunk that had escaped my pussy. 

“Joann,” moaned Virginia. “Aren't you a naughty one?”

“She is,” Mio said. “Um, Lady Virginia, can I fuck you with my girl-cock. I would really, really like to try it out.”

“Lady Virginia...” I glanced over and saw Virginia shake her head, her blonde hair dancing in amusement. “You, too, huh?”

“Just feels proper,” Mio said.

“Well, if it feels proper.” Virginia hopped on the other table and leaned back. She then pulled her legs up to her round boobs. I shuddered, watching the sight as Joann's tongue reached my bush and licked up the cum matting my curls. “Then fuck my asshole!”

“Lady Virginia!” Mio in pure delight.

I smiled at the sight of Virginia's asshole peeking out of her butt-crack, her blonde-furred muff gleaming wet and her girl-cock thrusting up between her legs she held to her tits. I shuddered, Joann licking at my twat.

“You going to fuck me, Brígida?” moaned Addy. “Or marinate your cock in my twat.”

“Mmm, I think we're done marinating,” I groaned and drew back.

As I did, my bush and cunt slid over Joann's face. She kept licking me anyways. Pleasure rushed down my cock as I rammed back into Addy's cunt. The pleasure reached my pussy being so wonderful licked by Joann.

The two different delights rippled through me. Joann's tongue parted my folds and licked up the cum leaking out of me, while my girl-cock thrust away at Addy's cunt. Short strokes but hard. My futa-dick drank in the feel of that hot pussy around me.

I savored it as I buried into hot snatch over and over again. I loved fucking Addy's pussy. Her butt-cheeks jiggled from the impact of my crotch. The White girl moaned. I ran my hands over her pale back, the brown of my skin standing out against her.

“Oh, that's so good,” she moaned, squeezing her twat down around my dick. “Ooh, Brígida, I love it.”

“I bet you do!” I moaned, burying hard and fast into her while Joann did her thing.

“Futa-cum and pussy is so wonderful,” Joann moaned. She thrust her tongue into my cunt and scooped out the jizz she found in there. “So yummy.”

“Uh-huh,” Virginia moaned. “Oh, that's so good, Mio. Fuck my asshole. Slide that dick deeper and deeper into me. I can take it.

“Lady Virginia,” moaned Mio. “You feel so good. Oh, having a futa-cock is amazing. I love it. This is wonderful.”

“Uh-huh,” I moaned, pumping away for all I was worth.

I buried hard and deep into that tight cunt. I loved Addy squeezing about me as I pounded her snatch. Joann's tongue added to the delight as she licked at me. She fluttered over me, driving me wild. It was amazing. I groaned, savoring this wicked delight.

My cock buried into Addy over and over again. I groaned, savoring that wonderful delight of plunging into her. It was fantastic. I groaned, she squeezed her snatch down on my girl-cock. My face contorted from the delight.

“Yes, yes, yes,” I moaned, Joann's tongue thrusting into my depths and stirring around in me. She stroked my pussy walls as I pumped away at Addy's cunt.

“So good,” Addy moaned. “Ooh, Brígida, get that big dick into me. Futa-cock is so hot.”

“So hot,” Mio panted. “And so is a tight ass. Lady Virginia, you honored me with this delight.”
“Oh, trust me, the honor is all mine, Mio!” gasped Virginia. “Ooh, that's so good. Just pump your cock in and out of my bowels. That's going to make me cum.”

“Yes, Lady Virginia.” Mio squealed. “You're so humble. Oh, I am so thrilled to be one of your mages and concubines.”

“Me, too,” Virginia groaned. “God, I am so thrilled. Ram that girl-dick into me. Fuck me so hard. My bowels are melting around your girl-cock.”

I loved these sounds. Joann's tongue danced around in my cunt as I fucked Addy. I pounded the White girl, the ache building and building at the tip of my cock. It was fantastic to enjoy. I groaned, burying over and over into her twat. My dick throbbed, the heat spilling through me. I shuddered, my ovaries on fire.

Addy moaned, her snatch gripping me. Massaging me. That felt so incredible. There was nothing else like having a girl-cock and fucking a pretty girl. Having another pretty girl eat out your cunt at the same time was the icing on the cake.

A kinky, naughty, fuck-tastic cake. 

“Oh, my god, I love this,” I moaned, my glasses slipping on my nose.

“It's certainly yummy,” Joann moaned between licks of my pussy.

“And just amazing in my pussy!” Addy moaned. “I'm going to become a futa-mage! That sounds so hot. I want that so much.”

“I know you do!” I panted, pumping away at her tight snatch while Joann's tongue fluttered through my folds.

The pressure swelled and swelled at the tip of my girl-dick. I was so close to erupting now. I was just moments from spurting all that wonderful spunk into Addy's twat. I would just bathe her in my futa-spunk. It would be incredible. Then Addy's clit would sprout.

Joann's tongue thrust into my cunt. She danced it around in me. She swirled about, teasing me. My face twisted in delight. I groaned, my cunt throbbing. Twitching. Aching. The pleasure swelled and swelled in me. I would have such a huge orgasm. I was hurtling closer and closer to that awesome moment. 

“Mamacita, I'm going to fire so much cum into your pussy!” I moaned. “Let me feel that cunt spasming on my dick.”

“Yes, yes, cum in her,” Virginia moaned. “And cum in me, Mio. Flood my bowels with all your cum and make my cock drench my tits in jizz.”

“Yes, Lady Virginia!” moaned Mio. I heard her thrusting away, the slap of flesh on flesh echoing around us.

Then Addy gasped. Her pussy convulsed around my girl-dick thrusting away at her. She threw back her head. I savored the feel of the White girl cumming on my dick. Joann's tongue slid through my folds. She licked me. Lapped at me. The pleasure swelled through me. 

I erupted. I spurted over and over again. I groaned, stars bursting across my vision. The pleasure was incredible. I groaned, stars dancing across my vision. The ecstasy shot through me. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her pussy.

And I pumped energy into her.

“You're going to become a futa!” I moaned as Joann lapped up the pussy cream gushing out of my spasming twat.

“Yes!” Addy squealed. “I can feel your power flooding into me and... and... I'm sprouting.”

“She is!” Joann moaned. “I'm watching her grow. Oh, you have to fuck me next. You have to make me into a futa-mage, too!”

“I will, mamacita!” I howled, the pleasure racing through my body. 

Stars burst across my vision. I groaned, tossing my head. It was incredible. My round breasts heaved as the dual delights rushed through my body. it was incredible. Just an incredible delight. My head tossed back and forth.

“Oh, that's amazing,” I panted. “That's awesome. Oh, I love it! I love it so much!” 

I hit the peak of my orgasm, so thrilled that I could fuck girls and make them into futa-mages. I would make my entire chess club into mages. They would all make such a wonderful addition to saving the world from this Demon Lord.

Virginia would have an army! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

I followed Ella as the fire alarm evacuated our class, snagging the rubber band and paper clips off the handle. No ink had sprayed out, so that was an urban myth, but I had my alibi. I was in my seat when the alarm went off.

No one would ever know that I had rigged the handle. I was just too good of a thief. 

“Keep following me,” Ms. Bisset called. “Keep going. We're going to be just fine.”

We exited out the side of the school, Ms. Bisset moving us to a pre-appointed spot. She had us lined up between a few other classes. I moved to stand near Ella and the little clique that had sprung up around her. Susanna Tindall, Elvie Selby, Bryanna Mayers, and Nevada Walters. Two were members of the volleyball squad and the other two were in the drama club. 

“Goddess, do you know what this is about?” asked Susanna.

“No idea,” Ella said. “It's nothing. Just a prank or something. Unless the school is on fire.”

“Has it begun?” asked Elvie. “I know the teachers did their ritual last night.”

“That ritual has nothing to do with this,” Ella said. “Be calm. Be calm. This is just random chance. It is of no mind.”

I wanted to smirk as I stood with a few of the cheerleaders. I was ignoring Suzan and Ocean chatting about practice. I wanted to get all the information I could from Ella. They all called her goddess. While that was an interesting thing to hear them call her, I already knew that.

She was behind that ritual. Why? What purpose did it serve to have them do it? I wanted so much information, but Ella's words telling them to be calm seemed to put them at ease. The redhead was standing tall. Just perfect.

“So,” said Suzan, coaching her voice low to me. “You're one of the futas, right.”

I winked at her. “Brígida's trying to figure out how to expand them. I bet by this afternoon, Lada will be making her entire squad into futas.”

Ocean smiled. “Really. Brígida, huh. She's pretty smart.”

“You know anyone smarter?” I asked, arching an eyebrow.

The cheerleaders giggled and shook their heads.

“So you have a cock, huh?” purred Ocean. “Want to sneak off and do something naughty?”

“Sorry, I'm on a mission for Virginia.” I winked at them, my ears still peeled for anything that Ella said. The siren of the fire department had arrived. They would be flooding the school soon. I hoped Virginia, Brígida, and the others didn't get caught fucking by the firemen.

“You're not worried at all, Goddess,” Bryanna said. “I don't know how you're not. This is so stressful.”

“Because we are going to succeed.” Ella trembled. My ears were perked. I could just hear them. They thought they were too far away. Everything too noisy. I had mad hearing skillz. “The convergence is coming. When it does, we'll be ready.”

What was that? Convergence. I knew it sort of meant when things come together. That was all so exciting. I trembled, wanting to know more, but Ella wasn't being a chatty Cathy was she. When would she start spilling the beans? I would have to find out what she was up to during lunch. When she wasn't standing in the open.

I texted Brígida, “What do you think Convergence means?”

She did not answer me. She must be busy.

I waited and waited outside for the next hour. Near the end, Brígida texted back, “That sounds important. Where did you hear that from?”

“Ella. She's talking with at least two of her futas. I have a feeling the volleyball squad a group of our teachers is also Ella's futas. I don't know if that is good or bad. They were doing a ritual last night and that Ella is getting ready for Convergence.”

“That doesn't sound good. But I can't be sure. We don't know how Ella fits into this, do we? Virginia is looking at me confused. Mio, Addy, and Joann don't know either. But they're futa-mages like me. I've started our mage cadre.”

“Awesome.” I glanced at the cheerleaders. “Yep, you two are so going to become futas today.” 

“I wish I had access to some research,” said Brígida. “Virginia doesn't know much about this alternate world. She doesn't get over there for long. She mentioned a dark elf had tried to kill her last time she crossed over. It's too dangerous, so I can't suggest that she cross over to get some info. Not unless she can take someone to watch her back.”

“I wish I knew how to sneak over there,” I texted. “That would sure make things easier.”

“Yeah.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

“So, when are you going to fuck me again?” Lada asked as she sank beside me in our second-period class. It was English taught by Mrs. Bean. The very woman who had led the ritual at her house. 

“Not know,” I whispered. “Ella's in this class.”

Saffron nodded from the other side of me. My twin sister leaned back in her chair. “We have to play things cool. You'll have to wait for lunch. Nothing out of the normal. They'll be looking for who pulled the fire alarms.”

“Glad to get out of physics,” Lada said. “I so hate that class.”

“I think a naughty girl did it,” said Saffron. “So her twin sister could have an orgy and make some new futas.”

Lada shot a look past me, the busty cheerleader grinning. “Cool. Wish I could be invited.”

“Well, we can't risk doing it,” I said to Lada. “So we'll get together during lunch.” My cock throbbed. I already ached after the wild hour of fucking. When Brígida had taken Joann, I had fucked Mio while Addy had fucked me. I had cum leaking out of my pussy and asshole. My poor panties were ruined.

“It was fun,” Joann said, sitting in the row before us. 

I rolled my shoulders. There was nothing more I could do right now. I licked my lips, my eyes flicking out across the classroom. Ella was up front flirting with Jeanette Holt. She was a part of the drama club. So definitely a futa.

What was up with Ella? Why did she have a futa-cock? Maybe I should just go ask her? The lesbian had been causing a stir in school for a while. From seducing teachers to getting wild on campus. Now she had her own girl-dick.

Only she did nothing to hide her bulge. Not like me. I had this dick that anyone could spot. So did Saffron and Lada. We couldn't make ours come and go, but it seemed like Ella's group could. How? Why? There was so much that we needed to know.

“God, lunch can't get here fast enough,” Lada said. “We have to sit through English and civics before we can hook up. Maybe you can fake being sick again. Got you out of chemistry and into Aria's panties.”

I shook my head. 

“We have to act normal,” Saffron said. “So suck it up, Lada. You're going to have a threesome with twin sisters.”

“Well, that does sound really tempting,” Lada said. “Twins. Nice.”

“Okay, okay, let's calm down,” Mrs. Bean said. “My... Ella, would you please take your seat.”

“Of course, Mrs. Bean,” Ella purred, the redhead's voice full of such throaty promise. The teacher shuddered for a moment. If Saffron hadn't seen those two fucking in the teacher's lounge yesterday, we'd have confirmation right now that they were hooking up.”

English sucked. I was hard. Throbbing. I needed to cum more and more. That naughty ache built and built. The pleasure was growing more and more extreme in my pussy. It was building and building, begging me to make my cock cum. I had all this jizz that had to get out of me.

I squirmed in my seat, my pussy growing wetter. My panties couldn't fully constrain my dick. The tip thrust out the waistband, resting against my belly. I struggled to focus, but all I could think about was Ella fucking Mrs. Bean.

“Now class, just read from the play as Ella fucks me hard,” Mrs. Bean said in my imagination, a naughty fantasy rippling through my thoughts. “I just have to bend over the desk and get fucked by her big futa-dick.”

“Mmm, I need to pound you,” the naked and busty Ella says. She stands up, her big breasts jiggling. Her futa-cock sprouts before her, growing from her shaved twat. Her pussy lips spread around it. They hug the base of her new dick. “I'm going to make you cum like the whore you are, Mrs. Bean.”

“I'm such a whore,” Mrs. Bean moans. “That's why I need another futa to fuck my mouth. Virginia. Would you let me suck on your cock?”

“Of course, Mrs. Bean,” I coo, standing up naked, my futa-dick bobbing before me. “I'm so ready to have you suck on me, you naughty hot wife.”

Mrs. Bean smacks her lips, so eager to suck on my cock. She trembled there, only it's not a desk she's bent over. It's a silvery log. She has long, pointed ears and violet hair that frames her elven face. She smiles at me.

“Lady Hero, you're back,” she moans, the forest creaking around me. “I've driven off the dark elf. You have nothing to fear now. I just... where did you go? I was so worried, but now you're here to fuck me. So I guess it's okay.”

“And fuck me,” Willow moans, kneeling over the log, too. The futa-dryad has such a happy smile on her face. “Just pound me hard. That would be—”

“Virginia, are you paying attention?”

I blinked and saw Mrs. Bean staring at me. I blushed, my cock on fire. Drool had run down my chin. I had been lost in my fantasy. I shook my head and straightened up. Behind the teacher, the forest appeared through a hole. I spotted Kali standing watch, her bow out, her head darting back and forth. She looked tired.

“Virginia Homewood, are you okay?” Mrs. Bean asked.

Everyone was looking at me. “Sorry. I... I didn't sleep while last night. I'm spacing.” The window to the other world vanished while my cock throbbed and ached. “Real sorry, Mrs. Bean.”

“It's fine,” she said. “Maybe your twin sister has a clue about what the author is speaking about.”

“Nope,” Saffron said almost with pride.

Before me, Joann raised her hand. “He's talking about guilt. It's a metaphor for what he feels in his heart. How he hates himself because even though he feels it, he's still chained into following this path. He feels out of control.”

“Well put,” Mrs. Bean said, nodding. 

The lecture continued while my futa-dick pulsed more and more. I really, really, really needed to cum. This was getting out of hand. My poor panties were soaked with my pussy juices. My clit-dick throbbed, the ache at the tip growing more and more unbearable.

I wanted to reach beneath my desk and fondle myself. To finger my twat and stroke my cock. But I would be caught. I just had to endure it. I glanced at the clock. There were ten minutes left of class. Ten minutes left...

The portal opened on Kali peering around. She was staring up at the trees. She wore her leaf loincloth and nothing else, her breasts so large and amazing. I could just walk into that other world and get the satisfaction that I craved. It would be incredible. I just stared at her. At how beautiful she was amid those silver-barked trees. I—

“Okay, that's all for today,” Mrs. Bean said. “Reach the next act for tomorrow. Be ready to discuss it.” Her eyes flicked to me. I blinked, shocked that ten minutes had passed so much.

“Boy, you are out of it,” my twin said as she stood up, her black hair falling about her face. “Are you finally living up to the blonde stereotype? Becoming an airhead.”

“Just... horny.”

“Have to endure Civics,” Lada said, sounding like she enjoyed it. “Then you can fuck me hard and get off.”

“Yeah, yeah,” I said and stood up. “Shall we get going?”

“I got to suffer through Latin next,” moaned Saffron. “It's such a dumb language. My brain doesn't work right.” She lowered her voice. “But Myra's in it. She seems to be Ella's right-hand slut, so see what I can find out.”

I nodded.

Lada and I both had Civics and it was in the same general direction that Saffron had to go for her Latin class. So the three of us gathered our stuff. Joann parted from us, off to some other class. I think she was in Aria's computer class. 

“God, I am so horny,” I groaned as we walked through the crowded halls. Students passed us by, crowding around us. 

“I know,” said Lada. “But we'll make it. We'll focus on the lesson and not think about her girl-dick.”

“Right,” I said, closing my eyes for a moment. “That will be amazing.” I opened them and I was in a silver forest. I nearly tripped on a root. I looked around. Silver-barked trees were rising around me, their golden leaves, shaped like a maple's, glittered at the end of them. 

I hadn't meant to come here, but I was so horny. I looked and smiled as I saw Kali spinning around and drawing her bow. She sighed in relief when she saw it was me. She darted over, her big boobs heaving and cock shifting beneath her golden loincloth.

“Lady Virginia,” she said. “Praise the Seven Harmonious Goddesses. When you vanished, I had hoped that you returned to your world. I drove off Surexila. But she might return with other servants of the Demon Lord.”

“Okay,” I said. “It was Willow who saved me.”

A tree quivered suspiciously nearby.

“Willow?” she asked.

“Yeah, the dryad hiding in that tree over there.” I pointed. “Willow, it's okay to come out. Kali won't shoot at you this time.”

“When did I shoot at a dryad?” Kali gasped.

“Yesterday, I guess. You saw her for a moment and overreacted.”

Kali's cheeks burned and her ears twitched. “I would never knowingly harm a futa-dryad. They are gentle and shy creatures who dwell in the forests.”

“They are.” I smiled at the tree and went to it. I put my hand against the rough bark. “It's okay, Willow. Kali's my futa-elf. Just like you're my futa-dryad. You two are protecting me. You saved me yesterday. You both did. You'll be even better at it if you work together.”

A hand reached out of the tree, the skin nut-brown. I gripped her and gently pulled. She flowed out of the tree like it were some sort of thick water. But none of it clung to her. Green hair spilled curly about her face. Her large breasts appeared along with her hard cock. She stepped out and looked nervous.

“It's okay, Willow,” I said and cupped her face. I was so going to be late to Civics, but it was worth it to introduce each other. “Thank you for saving me yesterday.”

I kissed her on the lips. Her futa-cock rubbed into the tip of my girl-cock. I had appeared naked here. Which was just wonderful. The tips of our cocks rubbed together as our tongues danced. Pleasure shot down from my spongy crown. 

Willow had a big smile on her lips when I broke the kiss. She licked them, her eyes twinkling. I smiled at her, so glad I could help her out like this. Then I turned and looked over my shoulder at Kali. The elf had come closer, her green eyes opened wide. She looked sheepish. Embarrassed. She stopped beside me.

“I'm so sorry, Lady Dryad,” Kali said, bowing her head low. “I did not know I shot at a friend. I was careless. I hope you can forgive me. I, too, serve Lady Virginia.”

Willow shot me a nervous look. I gave her a supportive nod. The futa-dryad swallowed and then took a step around me. She squirmed there, her big boobs jiggling and her hard girl-cock bobbing before her. She looked so cute.

“It's... it's okay,” she said softly. “You were... just trying to protect... Lady Virginia.”

“It's not okay,” groaned the elf. She fell to her knees. “Let me suck your cock as an apology. I will nurse on your girl-cock and suckle down Jeeba's gift from your ovaries.”

Jeeba was the Goddess of Cum. I think. I was still a little hazy on these Seven Harmonious Goddesses. Gnila liked Cock and Eenoy Pussy. After that... it was hard to be sure. But Jeeba was probably cum. That made sense. Jizz fired from dicks.

“Okay,” Willow said. She swallowed. “You can... suck my dick... Madam Elf.”

“Kalirisia.” The futa-elf smiled up at the dryad. “That is my name. Kalirisia.”

“It is a pleasure to meet you, Kalirisia,” Willow said as the futa-elf grabbed her girl-cock.

Licking her lips, the elf leaned forward. Violet hair spilled around her cheeks. Her ears flicked like they were a cat's. I groaned as I watched the elf slid her lips of the dryad's girl-dick. The hot sight had my girl-cock aching.

I had to join the fun.

Kali suckled. Willow moaned. The sloppy sounds of futa-cock worship filled the forest. Kali gave a wet blowjob. I loved the sounds, my cock twitching and throbbing. The ache swelled at the tip. That itch that needed to burst out of me. 

I fell to my knees, my round tits jiggling. I smiled up at Willow. She returned a shy one to me. Then I thrust my girl-cock into Kali's butt-crack. I was in the mood for some hot, anal action right now. I wanted to enjoy some elf booty.

Kali moaned when I found her asshole.

“Oh, Lady Virginia, are you going to sodomize her?” Willow asked.

“I sure am,” I said. “I bet she'll love it.”

“Oh, yes,” Willow moaned. She then grabbed the elf's ears. Not hard. A loose grip. She stroked up and down them. 

Kali moaned even more. Her entire body trembled. She suckled with hunger. The sloppy, wet slurps grew even louder. There must be a flood of drool running down the elf's chin. That made me so excited. I rubbed my cock into that tight asshole. I loved the feel of her. 

Then I drilled into her. I pressed my girl-dick into her anal ring. I loved the sensation of her asshole slowly parting to take my futa-dick. She moaned while Willow stroked those pointed ears. I groaned, the elf's sphincter sliding around my cock.

I popped into her butthole.

“Oh, yes,” I moaned, my boobs jiggling. “Ooh, Kali, that's a wonderful asshole.”

I grabbed her big tits, squeezing those soft and squishy mounds as I sank deeper and deeper into her asshole. Her velvety flesh squeezed about me. The pleasure shot up from my spongy crown to my juicy pussy. The heat soaked through me and reached my ovaries.

They brimmed with such cum. All the seed I would fire into her asshole. I couldn't wait to flood the elf. I was just so glad that the pair had finally met. It was so exciting that we could all have fun together. 

I bottomed out in Kali's asshole. My fingers massaged her boobs as my blonde bush rubbed into her ass. The elf moaned. So did Willow. Her large tits jiggled as she swayed. Her head tossed back as she groaned her pleasure.

“Oh, Kalirisia,” the futa-dryad purred. “You're apologizing with such wonderful skill.”

“Yeah, she is,” I moaned and drew back my hips. My cock slid out of Kali's asshole. 

I plunged back into the futa-elf's bowels. She moaned around Willow's cock. I loved it. I thrust away at her asshole, her velvety flesh massaging my cock. She felt so incredible about me. A big smile spread on my lips. This huge grin. It would be incredible when I came in her.

I plunged away hard and fast. I buried over and over into that hot sheath. Her bowels clutched at me. I groaned, my cunt dripping with juices. They ran down my thighs. I groaned, pumping my hips with passion. I fucked my girl-cock in and out of her asshole with force.

“Oh, Kali, I love your asshole!” I moaned. “I'm going to have such a big cum in it!”

“Yes, yes, flood her, Lady Virginia!” Willow cooed. She arched her back, her big tits swaying back and forth. They smacked into each other. “Ooh, ooh, Kalirisia! You're going to be drinking all my cum.”

“Mmm, futa-cum!” I purred, thrusting away.

My boobs bounced with my every thrust into Kali's bowels. I plundered her over and over again. Her asshole clung to me. My pussy drank in the velvety heat. My ovaries approached a boil. I had so much jizz brimming in them.

I gripped those soft boobies. I kneaded the elf's tits as I sodomized her. it was incredible burying into her. I loved having my girl-cock. I wasn't so sure about being the hero, but being a futanari was something I was totally on board with.

Kali moaned louder and louder. Her bowels clenched about my futa-cock. She moaned with such hunger around the dickgirl-dryad's shaft. Willow moaned, her face contorting with delight. She must be coming closer and closer to cumming.

I knew I was.

My ovaries ached. The pressure at the tip of my futa-dick neared my explosive release. I thrust forward hard, my crotch smacking into the elf's rump. Her butt-cheeks jiggled. I groaned, rising and rising towards that moment of erupting.

Kali squealed.

The futa-elf's bowels spasmed around my cock.

I gasped as her hot flesh convulsed about my thrusting futa-dick. I pistoned in and out of her climaxing bowels. Her ears twitched in Willow's loose grip. The elf suckled so hard on the cock in her mouth while her bowels nursed at my dick.

“Oh, god, I'm going to cum!” I moaned.

“Lady Gnila's big dick!” groaned Willow. “Kalirisia!”

Her body bucked against me. The trees around us shivered in sympathetic rapture. Kali gulped down the dryad-cum as I thrust my futa-dick to the hilt in that spasming anal sheath. The pleasure massaged my dick.

“Yes!” I howled.

I came.

I spurted blast after blast of my spunk into her asshole. I bathed her with all the cum in my ovaries. It was insane. Pleasure slammed into my mind. My thoughts reeled with the ecstasy of this moment. The bliss blazed across my mind. 

I loved it. I trembled, the rapture burning hot. It was an absolute delight. I groaned, a big smile spreading on my lips. The pleasure blazed over my thoughts. My pussy convulsed. My dick erupted. I gasped as the dual ecstasy shook through my body.

“Oh, that's so good!” I moaned.

“Kalirisia!” whimpered Willow.

The naughty futa-dryad's asshole suckled at my dick. Her velvety bowels nursed out every drop of cum I had in my ovaries. I hit that wonderful peak, juices spilling down my thighs. I shuddered in delight, savoring this moment. 

It was fantastic.

“Oh, god, that was so hot,” I moaned. “Ooh, that was just amazing.”

“But now your cock is all dirty, Lady Virginia,” Willow moaned. “Please, please let my mouth or pussy buff your dick clean of Kalirisia's asshole.”

My dick throbbed in the elf's bowels. “You don't care which.”

“I am your dryad, Lady Virginia.” She bowed to me. “You claimed me as your wife. My body is yours to use as you see fit.”

“Oh, fuck, that's hot,” I moaned. I pulled out of Kali's asshole with an obscene sound. “Pussy! I have to use your pussy and... Kali, fuck my asshole while I do it.”

Kali slid her mouth off the dryad's cock. “Of course, Lady Virginia. “it would be my honor to sodomize you.”

Her honor. Ooh, I loved this.

Kali crawled out of the way, her big tits heaving. Willow stretched out on her back before me, her large boobs jiggling into two quivering mounds. Her girl-cock thrust out before her and bobbed over her stomach. It looked so naughty there.

I shuddered and then I leaned over her. My dirty girl-dick swayed between my thighs. She grabbed my cock. I gasped as she pulled me to her pussy. She pressed me right against her hot flesh. She rubbed me up and down her naughty bits. I shuddered at the feel of her thick bush tickling my crown and her wet pussy lips.

“Thrust your cock into me and let me buff you clean, Lady Virginia!” she moaned as Kali moved into position to fuck my ass.

I buried into the futa-dryad's tight and juicy pussy. I groaned as her hot flesh engulfed me. That wonderful snatch took my dirty dick with ease. She swallowed every bit of me. It was amazing to penetrate into her. I groaned, loving every second of being in her snatch. It was amazing. Pleasure shot down my cock. 

I drew back, her pussy clenching down on me. She held me tight. It was fantastic to enjoy. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. The pleasure swept over me. I shuddered, savoring every moment of burying into her twat.

As I drew back, Kali pressed her futa-dick into my butt-crack right on my asshole. I groaned, staring down at Willow's cute face as the elf drilled her girl-cock against my sphincter. She drove forward, pushing my futa-cock into Willow's cunt. I groaned as her pussy engulfed my cock. She swallowed my dirty shaft. 

It was wonderful to be in her while the elf pressed against my asshole.

My anal ring spread and spread. Then her cock popped into my bowels. I shuddered at the feel of her thick shaft sliding into my anal sheath. I groaned while Kali moaned. I sank fully onto Willow, my round tits pressing into her big boobs. Her girl-cock throbbed between us.

“Oh, Lady Virginia,” purred Willow.

“Mmm, I know,” I purred, my bowels squeezing about Kali's cock as she bottomed out in me. “This is going to be amazing.”

“Yes!” whimpered Kali. “Gnila's big dick, your asshole feels amazing on my cock, Lady Virginia. I'm sodomizing the heroine!”

“Yes, you are,” I moaned. “Sodomize me hard!”

She drew back her cock. I squeezed my bowels on her girl-cock, loving the feel of her sliding out of my anal sheath. The velvety stimulation was excellent. I chased her, drawing my dirty futa-cock out of the tight embrace of that naughty pussy.

I slammed back into Willow as Kali buried back into my bowels. The dual delights of hot pussy around my cock and a big dick in my asshole melted to my pussy. My cunt clenched, reveling in these amazing delights.

Willow's girl-cock throbbed between us. She smiled up at me as I drew back my hips. She gasped, her pussy clamping down tight. I loved how she clung to me. That was such an amazing delight. It was incredible. I could happily fuck her all day long. Just bury my futa-dick into her pussy over and over again.

“Yes, yes, yes,” I moaned. “Oh, that's good. That's wonderful. Ooh, just do that to me. Fuck me like that, Kali.”

“Yes, Lady Virginia!” the futa-elf moaned as she pumped away at my bowels.

She drove her girl-cock deep and hard into me as I did the same to Willow's cunt. Her juicy flesh polished my pole. I loved it. My clit-dick throbbed in her embrace. I pumped away harder and harder at her. I fucked her with passion.

And loved every last second of pounding her twat while being sodomized. I savored these twin pleasures. It was wonderful to be ass-fucked while enjoying dryad-pussy. Amazing. I groaned as I thrust away, the pleasure building and building in my cunt.

My ovaries brimmed with my jizz. I would fire so much into my naughty futa-dryad. Her girl-cock pulsed between us, that hot shaft pressing on my belly. My boobs rubbed on her soft titties. She whimpered, her face scrunching up as I buried over and over into her pussy.

“Oh, god,” I moaned, clenching my bowels around that hard cock fucking me. “This is amazing. Ooh, ooh, this is wonderful.”

“Yes, yes, yes!” gasped Kali. “Lady Virginia! I'm going to cum in your bowels!”

“Mmm, you must!” purred the dryad. “You must cum in Lady Virginia's asshole. And she must achieve her pleasure in my pussy.”

I smiled down at the dryad. “You just want my cum flooding into your cunt.”

“I do!” she moaned, her pussy squeezing about my futa-dick. 

That swelled the ache at the tip of my cock. My explosive release grew nearer and nearer. I groaned, hurtling towards it as Kali reamed my asshole. Our bodies moved together, hips pumping. I shuddered as I savored being fucked while fucking.

My blonde hair spilled about my face. I leaned down and kissed willow. I thrust away at her pussy, our boobs sliding around the other's. Our nipples brushed. Sparks flared and sizzled in my cunt. I groaned, my tongue dancing with hers.

“Oh, Lady Virginia!” Kali groaned, slamming hard into my asshole. Her flesh smacked into my rump. The sound echoed through the forest. “Oh, yes, yes, Lady Virginia. You're so amazing!”

I moaned, loving those words.

My tongue danced with Willow's. I kissed her with such hunger. Her lips worked on mine. I groaned, burying deep and hard into her pussy. Her cunt squeezed about me. Her twat held tight. I shuddered, on the verge of erupting.

I buried into her cunt as Kali plunged her girl-cock into my asshole. The velvety friction melted down to my cunt. The heat settled into my snatch and warmed up my ovaries to the boiling point. I bucked on my sexy futa-dryad.

And came.

I broke the kiss and howled, “Yes!”

I pumped spurt after spurt of cum into her pussy I flooded her snatch with everything that I had. I groaned, my face contorting with delight. I shuddered as more and more bliss shot through me. Then her pussy convulsed a moment later.

Her girl-cock erupted between our bodies as she gasped, “Lady Eenoy's tight pussy!”

I gasped as her pussy rippled around my spurting cock. My asshole convulsed around Kali's thrusting cock. She buried into my asshole. She groaned and erupted. She fired spurt after spurt of cum into my bowels. Willow's cock basted our tits. Her dick pulsed between us.

“Oh, Lady Virginia!” the futa-elf moaned as she basted my bowels. Willow's jizz pumped between our bodies.

My flesh convulsed and writhed. As I suckled at Kali's shaft with my anal sheath, Willow's pussy nursed at mine. I moaned, my body trembling. My futa-cock erupted over and over again. Waves of delight washed out of my cunt. Ecstasy pumped out of my clit-dick. Jizz flooded my asshole and spurted into Willow's twat.

“Oh, my god!” I moaned, hitting the peak of my pleasure. I quivered there, trembling. The rapture swept through me. “That's so good!”

“It is!” moaned Kali. “Oh, Lady Virginia, that was wonderful. Mmm, thank you for allowing me the honor of sodomizing your wonderful asshole.”

“Trust me, it was my pleasure,” I moaned. “I love getting fucked as much as you love fucking me.”

Willow squirmed beneath me, our breasts sticky with cum. “It is a wonderful delight. Ooh, I'm so glad to enjoy this.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lada Volkov

“Uhhh, where did Virginia go?” 

I glanced at Saffron and then behind us. There was no Virginia in the flow of students heading to class. “She was right with us?”

“Bathroom?” Saffron wondered, blinking. Her bob of black hair swayed about her face as she whipped her head around. “I thought I would have noticed her.”

I shook my head. “She's gone to that forest place, hasn't she.”

“Oh, snap, she has,” Saffron said. “Lucky her. That sounds so hot, only...” Her eyes widened. “A dark elf tried to kill her last time she was there.”

Anger boiled through me. “That dark elf better not hurt her. I need her to fuck me so I can make my cheer squad into futas. They need to have dicks to kick even more ass.”

Saffron looked down the hallway, girls spilling around us. “Maybe we should go find Brígida and talk with her. She knows about this otherworldly stuff. What class does she have right now.”

“I don't know,” I said. That dark elf better not have ruined my chance to get fucked during lunch. I need it. If I got my hands on this bitch, I would kick her ass then fuck her silly. 

Then kick her ass again!