Author: Farleven
Title: Babysitting Molly
Part: 1
Keywords: Mf

Disclaimer:  this story contailns representations of graphic sex acts, if you 
find such material objectionable or you are not an adult do not read any 
further.  This story may be archived or distributed through a web site only so 
long as the site is not commercial, and this notice is left intact and 
unaltered.  I also ask that I be contacted before the story is posted.  

I write these stories for personnal enjoyment and for the comments.  If there's 
something you think I need to work on or something you like please let me know.  
Flames will of course be ignored.  


Babysitting Molly
Farleven
Febuary 2001


Kit smiled as he watched Molly run around the room in her Danger Woman costume.  
It was yet another day baby sitting the rambunctious little cub.  Kit didn't 
mind, he liked playing with Molly and he like the money Rebecca gave him for 
watching her daughter.

Suddenly, Molly stopped right in front of Kit and gave him a very curious look.  

"What's up, kiddo?" Kit asked.

Molly smiled playfully and shuffled her foot, "Kit, can I ask you something."

"Ask away."

"What's the difference between girls and boys?" 

Kit thought for a moment on that one.  "Girls wear dresses and boys don't"

Molly frowned at that.  "Come on, Kit, I'm a big girl, you can tell me."

Again Kit had to think about it, his first dodge hadn't worked.  Finally he 
decided to come clean, or as best as he could.  All he knew was from biology 
class, and that wasn't much.  "Okay, Molly, boys have a penis and girls have a 
vagina and when they grow up girls get breasts and can have babies."

"Can I see your penis, Kit?" Molly asked deviously.

"No, Molly, that's private." Kit replied, wondering if this little cub hadn't 
cornered him before she even asked her question.  For a kid, Molly was nothing 
if not conniving.

"Please, Kit." Molly whined and gave Kit her best puppy dog eyes.  "I'll show 
you mine, if you show me yours."

That set Kit back a bit.  First, he could really turn down Molly whenever she 
asked so sweetly.  Second, he was kind of curious himself, his class had been 
solely a brief and technical description, just enough to whet his curiosity.  
Still, he knew just what he was risking to concede to her request.  "You're mom 
would kill us, kiddo."

"Mommy's going to be gone all afternoon, and I won't tell.  Please Kit."  She 
blinked at him with her doe eyes again.  

Kit's resistance melted, her pleas and his own curiosity won out.  "Okay, Molly, 
but you can't ever tell anyone about this.  Alright?"

"Yes, Kit, I promise." Molly answered confidently.  Her eyes were already wide 
and waiting for the show she'd been plotting for days.

"Here goes." Kit said as he pulled up his shirt, letting Molly see his cock.  
She looked at it in wonder for a few moments, moving her head to get different 
angles on it.  Kit blushed a bit at the inspection, he'd never shown himself to 
anyone before.

"That's neat, Kit.  Can I touch it?" Molly asked excitedly.

"Sure, but you got to show me yours first." Kit replied, he'd gone this far, so 
he didn't worry about going further.  Besides, he wanted to satisfy his own 
curiosity.

"Sorry, Kit." Molly dropped her shorts with thoughtless speed, showing off her 
naked pussy. 

Kit stared at Molly's little slit as she stood there for a moment, letting him 
look.  Then the little cub stepped forward and wrapped around Kit's rapidly 
hardening cock.  As her soft fur covered paws wrapped around his cock, Kit felt 
it go instantly rigid.  He'd jerked off a few times before, but nothing prepared 
him for the feeling of someone elses paw on his cock.  Kit gasped audibly and 
Molly giggled.

"Kit it's all big now, what happened?" Molly asked, totally captivated by the 
strange organ her little paw was exploring.

Just then, Kit heard the front door opening.  "Kit, I just forgot my shopping 
list."

Kit nearly jumped out of his seat, it was Rebecca, Molly's mother!  His heart 
raced for a moment in fear, but before he could do anything, Rebecca came around 
the corner.

"How's Molly?" She asked as she reviewed her shopping list.  Then she looked up 
to see just how things were.  

"Kit!  What are you doing?" Rebecca screamed and quickly reached down and pulled 
Kit away from her daughter.  She didn't know exactly what was happening, but 
enough facts were abundantly clear.  Without a word, Rebecca dragged him off to 
her bedroom and pushed him down into her bed and gave him a look of pure anger 
to keep him from moving.  First she had to deal with Molly, and then she'd deal 
with Kit.  She walked back out to the living room to find Molly with a worried 
look on her face and her shorts pulled back up.

"Don't be mad at Kit, Mommy, I just wanted to see his thingy." Molly pouted.  
She hadn't wanted to get Kit in trouble.

Rebecca stopped in her tracks.  She hadn't expected that kind of reaction from 
her little cub.  Rebecca needed more than a moment to deal with that.  "Molly, 
Go to you room.  I'll deal with Kit."

"Okay, Mommy." Molly quickly obeyed.

Rebecca considered what to do with her babysitter.  Surely he'd crossed the 
line, but she could understand.  Molly could be hard to refuse at times, and Kit 
was certainly at an age where his own natural curiosity was showing itself.  
Finally, Rebecca had to admit to her own interest in Kit's ample bearhood.  He 
certainly wasn't a cub in that respect anymore and she flushed just thinking of 
what Kit could do with it.

Rebecca walked into her room to find Kit sitting with an anguished guilty look 
on his face.  Before she even had a chance to speak he was apologizing.

"Ms. Cunningham, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to let it happen." Kit whimpered.

"It's okay, Kit, Molly told me what happened." Rebecca soothed her distressed 
babysitter.  "Still, Molly is to young for this kind of thing, Kit.  I also need 
to be sure I can trust you with her in the future."

"I promise, I'll never let anything like this happen again, Ms. Cunningham." Kit 
vowed.  

"I know you mean that now, but I know you're coming into your bearhood, Kit.  
You're going to be curious about girls, and we both know how Molly can be when 
she wants something.  I think we're going to have to satisfy your curiosity so 
you can keep hers in check." Rebecca said.  She pulled off her coat and set it 
on chair.

Kit simply stair up at Rebecca.  He didn't know just what she was talking about 
yet, but at least she wasn't screaming at him.  He was more than scared after 
she'd dragged him into her room.  Kit was just glad that Molly calmed her down 
some how and now all he was left with was wondering what she was about to do.

"Stay right here, Kit and take off your shirt." Rebecca ordered and she walked 
out of her room.  She went over to the bathroom and undressed, putting on a 
simple robe.  Then she walked back into her bedroom, whit Kit now sitting 
undressed on her bed.  He was a cute little guy, Rebecca thought, and she took 
another appreciative look at his bearhood even as it wasn't up and ready.

Rebecca paused for a moment, considering for the last time whether she wanted to 
go through with this or not.  Finally she decided to go ahead, Kit would 
certainly appreciated and she would too.  Without a word, she simply pulled open 
the sides of the robe and let it fall to her feet.  She smiled as Kit's eyes 
nearly bugged out, and his mouth hung open in shock.

"Ms. Cunningham, you're beautiful." Kit spoke in awe, his sight soaking up his 
first view of a live naked bear right before him.  Rebecca was lovely too, with 
a trim feminine figure and nicely plump breasts.

Rebecca walked up to him and kissed him gently on the cheek.  "And you're pretty 
cute too, Mr. Cloudkicker."

Kit blushed at that and pulled away a bit.  He still didn't know just what to do 
about this, and he could stop staring at the two bobbing orbs on her chest.

Rebecca followed his gaze with ease and pulled herself onto the bed beside Kit.  
She kneeled on the bed and looked to him.  "It's okay, Kit, you can feel them if 
you want to."

"Really?" Kit asked, hardly believing his luck.

Without a word, Rebecca grabbed his paw and brought it to her right breast.  She 
cooed a bit as Kit experimentally squeezed the soft breast.  "You can suck on 
them too if you want to, Kit."

Kit was still in shock, but he was quickly getting into the spirit of things.  
He didn't need any further prompting from Rebecca.  Kit moved up in front of her 
and dipped his muzzle right over her budding nipple as it peaked out from the 
rest of her fur-covered breast.  He parted his lips just a bit and sucked on the 
tender tip.  He tentatively licked the little nub as well, astounded by its 
texture and taste as well as the gasp his action brought from Rebecca.

"Are you okay, Ms. Cunningham?" Kit asked, pulling away from her breast.  Even 
as his muzzle pulled back, his paw continued to appreciate the feel of her 
breasts.  

"Yes, Kit, it feels nice to have my breasts handled like that." Rebecca 
answered, mewing slightly as he continued his gentle fondling.  There was still 
more to show, though, and she pulled back and laid down on her back, spreading 
her legs for Kit.  

Kit didn't even wait for permission to explore this new exposed feature.  He 
reached down and cupped Rebecca's mound with his paw, exploring her tender 
folds.  Kit simply took in the wonder of Rebecca's offered body.  Never in his 
wildest fantasies had this ever been possible, but Kit wasn't about to let the 
opportunity pass.

"I see my little bear is enjoying himself." Rebecca said.  She looked down 
between Kit's legs to see his full sized bearhood, erect and ready.  Her inner 
heat stepped up another notch, already well on its way just from Kit's tender 
exploration so far.

Kit simply blushed at that, even though he continued his explorations, even 
slipping a finger just inside her outer lips and discovering Rebecca's sopping 
pussy.  "Do you need to go to the bathroom, Ms. Cunningham?"

"No, Kit, when a woman gets ready to mate, her pussy gets wet, just like mine is 
now.  It's like your bearhood is all hard because you're excited." Rebecca 
answered.  She quickly surmised Kit's probable state, he obviously hadn't been 
with another bear before and since she wanted the chance to enjoy his bear sized 
member, she'd have to take the edge off his obvious arousal.  She got up again, 
and laid Kit onto his back, letting his bearhood stick into the air.  "Just lay 
back and enjoy this, Kit."

Kit let out a little growl of pleasure as he felt Rebecca wrap her entire muzzle 
around his throbbing member and begin sucking and licking it.  The sensation was 
beyond belief, the feelings of her tongue caressing the sensitive shaft while 
her head bobbed up and down slightly were amazing.  It only took a few moments 
of this for Kit to begin squirting off into Rebecca's throat.  He moaned in 
pleasure as he felt his bearhood whither a bit under her attention.  Rebecca 
didn't stop then however, and after another minute of gently caressing him, 
Kit's bearhood was up at full mast again.

"Ms. Cunningham, that was felt great." Kit beamed as Rebecca pulled herself up 
to lay beside him

"Well, Kit, there's one more fun thing we can do.  I just wanted to get you 
ready to mate." Rebecca pulled the young bear to her and rolled onto her back, 
with Kit carefully positioned between her legs.  He was still a little to short, 
with his eyes only coming up to her neck.

Kit was sufficiently well informed to know what came next, but not how to 
actually do anything about it.  He felt his bearhood trobbing as his head rested 
between the tender pillows on Rebecca's chest.  Still, executing the next step 
was little more than guess work but Rebecca had already covered it.  Before Kit 
had a chance to show his ignorance, he felt her paws wrap around his bearhood.  

"Push, Kit, and I'll guide you in." Rebecca instructed.  Kit obeyed a moment 
later and Rebecca helped lead him to her ready lips, already well lubricated to 
take him in.  They both growled in unison as Kit slid home.  

"Kit, don't let anyone tell you you're a cub ever again." Rebecca moaned.  Kit 
was certainly all bear where it counted, and she was already jealous of the many 
lucky women that would get to enjoy him in the future.  

Kit didn't know what to say to that, but he was beyond caring as well.  His 
entire energy was focused on the luxurious tender pussy that he was now inside.  
Without even thinking, Kit began to hump against Rebecca, and growling with 
pleasure as her pussy clamped and spasmed around his bearhood.  Kit was in 
ecstasy right then, and he slipped his paws around Rebecca's two heaving breasts 
fully appreciating her body in that moment.

"Pump a little harder, Kit." Rebecca requested, his small trusts just toying 
with the growing aches she felt inside her.  His handling of her breasts simply 
brought home the pleasure she was receiving.  For someone so inexperienced Kit 
was already proving a wonderful lover.

Kit didn't even hesitate to obey, and rapidly took up a harder pace, enjoying 
both Rebecca's growls of pleasure and the tight warmth surrounding his bearhood.  
He continued his exploration of her fur-covered form as well, cupping her 
breasts and suckling on her nipples as he thrust into her wonderful pussy.

Their motions simply dissolved into perfect rhythm.  Rebecca hadn't mated since 
conceiving Molly and Kit had never mated.  Their pent up passions and needs took 
over, allowing them both a thoughtless coupling containing nothing but pleasure.  
Kit's youthful enthusiasm even helped to fuel Rebecca's passion.  Soon, the two 
were entwined in their mating dance, and the wonder that it contained.  The 
sensations of fur on fur, caressing and kissing, and the sounds of wonder and 
joy filled their minds.

Finally, Rebecca felt the pinnacle of her passions.  With Kit's relentlessly 
thrusting bearhood fueling her fires, a casual suck and squeeze of her tender 
breasts pushed her over the edge.  Kit was shocked as Rebecca pulled him tightly 
to her and her pussy clamped down on his bearhood even harder.  His own release 
came a moment later, spurred on by the sudden spasming pussy clamping down 
around him.  The both let out growls of pleasure in unison as Kit began to 
squirt into the depths of Rebecca's pussy. 

It was only in that moment that Rebecca remembered she hadn't used any cub 
control.  Even as Kit seemed to melt into happy stupor resting on one of her 
breasts, Rebecca wondered if she'd be giving Molly a little brother or sister 
cub in a few months.  She hated that this joyous moment had to be tainted this 
way, but it had been her fault.  Still, there would be time to worry about that 
later, now that any potential damage was done.  Rebecca wrapped her arms around 
Kit's shoulders and simply enjoyed the feeling of his seed dripping inside her 
and his bearhood slowly slipping out.  

As Kit lay there enjoying the afterglow, he looked over to see the door to the 
room open just slightly and saw a colander headed little cub peaking inside.  
Kit smiled, laughing to himself slightly and wondering whether this had been 
Molly's intent all along, or whether she'd just taken advantage of the 
opportunity.

Finally, Rebecca decided it was time to get moving again.  She still had 
shopping to do, after all.  "Kit that was wonderful, you're going to make a lot 
of girls very happy." 

"Thanks, Ms. Cunningham, you were really swell too." Kit reached up and kissed 
Rebecca on the cheek.  Then he rolled off her and picked up his shirt.  

Rebecca rested for another moment before getting up and putting on her own robe.  
"Now, Kit, remember no more of this kind of horseplay with Molly.  If you ever 
feel tempted, just tell me and we can take care of it, okay?"

"I understand, Ms. Cunningham." Kit replied.  Again he was surprised at his good 
fortune, and quickly anticipated several more encounters in the coming months.

"Good, now I've got to go finish my shopping, and you can keep watch over Molly.  
Just make sure she gets her nap on time."  As she reached the door she turned 
around again.  "And Kit, don't tell Balloo about any of this would you."

"Sure, Ms. Cunningham." Kit hadn't even considered telling Balloo anything about 
this.  It was too good to risk loosing.

Kit sat there for a moment after Rebecca left, simply letting the last hours 
events sink in when Molly came bounding around the corner.  She looked very 
excited and happy barely keeping herself from bouncing around the room.

"Did you like playing with Mommy's boobies, Kit?" Molly asked of her babysitter.

"Hey, isn't Danger Woman about to come one?" Kit asked, thankful that it was 
time for Molly's favorite radio show, a certain distraction.

"Oh, yes!  Danger Woman!" Molly yelled and ran off to the radio to listen.  

Kit sat back and sighed, reflecting on all the new potential in his babysitting 
job.  He could scarcely believe he almost let Balloo talk him out of doing it, 
and now Kit was certain he'd be Rebecca's babysitter for as long as she'd let 
him.

The End

If you enjoyed it or if you hated it, let me know at farleven@yahoo.com