Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Bimbo App Chapter Twenty-Two: Bimbo Porn Star Does Anal
Summary: The porn star takes it up the ass now that she's a bimbo!
Keywords: MF Ff mf mFF mc inc oral facial anal A2M A2P squirting titty exhib voy bodymod

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader!

Bill Crest

I scowled as I saw the message. The fucker wasn't even in town? What was he doing with my daughter...?

I had to wait until tomorrow night to trade Maggie Storm and Chloe Hart to the little degenerate. I had Chloe Hart with me in the bathroom at SeaTac International. She just arrived to shoot her porno when I bimbofied her.

Turn around and thrust that ass out, slut, I growled. I'm gonna fuck that ass. Time for you to do some anal!

Analy scene, okey-dokey! Chloe said, her eyes empty of all thought. The petite, barely legal porn star had a fresh face and glasses. She looked so innocent with her small breasts. I was going to make her have huge tits before trading her to that twerp. 

If he wanted this petite and schoolgirlish waif, I'd give him a big surprise. I chuckled at that thought as Chloe turned around and bent over. She braced herself on the silver plumbing of the toilet and thrust her small, heart-shaped ass at me. She was a little thing. Barely over five feet tall. It felt so obscene to fuck her in the ass with my big dick.

I was looking forward to it. I unzipped and pulled out my cock. She glanced over her shoulder at me, her blue eyes sparkling behind her glasses. She wiggled her hips and bit her lip in this coquettish way that had my dick throbbing.

Fucky my assyhole, Mr. Crest! she cooed. I've been such a naughty wotty schoolygirl!

Yes, you fucking have, I growled and thrust my cock at her tight, shaved cunt. Fuck, she was hot. I got why she had exploded in the porn scene. Half the guys on my crew were into this petite and sexy waif.

I plunged into her pussy. She gasped in delight, such a throaty sound of pleasure. Her juicy pussy devoured my cock with ease. I sank into her twat, reveling in her snatch devouring me. I shuddered as my big dick vanished all the way in her. She soaked me with her juices, lubing me up for that ass.

She quivered and moaned, Ooh, ooh, biggie dickie in me! I've been sooooo naughty, Mr. Crest!

So fucking naughty, I groaned and ripped my cock out of her pussy, my dick dripping with her juices. Going to fuck you so hard.

I lovey being fucked. Her voice was fucking liquid sex.

I pressed my cock into her butt-crack and found that asshole of hers. I drilled against her. She moaned as I did that. I pushed hard on her. She trembled, whimpering with excitement. I loved the sounds she made as I pushed and pushed on her. 

Her cute gasps echoed through the stall as I drilled against her anal ring. Her tight back door slowly widened for me. The naughty porn star schoolgirl trembled, her blonde hair swaying around her face. Shit, she was a natural blonde. No dark roots. I thrust harder.

She gasped in delight as I popped into her bowels. Mr. Crest! Ooh, I've been a baddie girl!

So fucking bad, I groaned as I sank into her asshole. I loved the way that she groaned as more and more of my cock vanished into her backdoor. Just a naughty fucking slut!

Yesy yes! she squealed as I bottomed out in her. My crotch pressed against that heart-shaped ass of hers. For a petite girl, she had a great one. I enjoyed Chloe Hart around me. Ooh, ooh, so goody great!

I drew back my dick and loved the way she gripped me. She massaged me with her delicious anal sheath. The pleasure rushed through me. I trembled at the hot way she held me. She massaged me with that wonderful asshole of hers. I buried back into her bowels.

She gasped as I did that. I plowed to the hilt in her asshole. I fucked back into her bowels. I thrust to the hilt in her anal sheath. I buried deep and hard into her asshole. It was quite the thrill to fuck the famous porn star. 

First a famous weather girl and now Chloe Hart. At least I was having fun. I'd pay a lot to get Barbie back, but I couldn't complain about this one. I got to use these girls before the twerp got his hands on them.

Little fucker would be getting used goods. Especially Maggie Storm. Those gangbang vids she made me were still making me money. Hundreds had seen them. I grinned as I fucked Chloe Hart's asshole. I pounded her fast.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned as I thrust to the hilt in her anal sheath. You like that, fucking slut?

Yesy yes, yes! she gasped. I'm such a fuckying slut! A dirty and naughty schoolygirl whore! I don't wear my cutie panties to school and I diddly my clitty in class with my penycil!

Fucking whore! I snarled as I buried to the hilt in her snatch.

She giggled in such a delicious way. Her asshole clamped down hard. I groaned, savoring pounding her bowels hard and fast. She gripped me with that amazing hole. She held me tight as I plowed to the hilt in her asshole. I loved the way she held me tight. 

She massaged my cock with her tight anal sheath. The pressure grew and grew in my nuts as I fucked her hard. I gripped her hips, grunting with each thrust into her. She whimpered and moaned, wiggling her hips and stirring her asshole around my dick.

That's it, schoolgirl skank, I snarled. Just a fucking bimbo-whore.

Yesy yes! she moaned. Ooh, ooh, Mr. Crest, I was so wickedy bad! Just keep fuckying my assyhole! Punish me!

I groaned, my nuts tightening with the need to cum. I slid my hands up her petite body and cupped those small breasts of hers. Her pink nipples poked me in the palms as I hammered her anal sheath. She gripped me with her delicious flesh as she gasped and moaned.

I loved feeling those small titties. She wouldn't have them for much longer. I slammed deep and hard into her asshole. I fucked her bowels with force. I reveled in every last second of plowing to the hilt in her asshole.

She squeezed down on my cock. She held me tight with her anal sheath. I groaned, fucking her hard and fast. She whimpered with my every stroke into her asshole. I pounded her bowels, loving the feel of her around me. She held me with that tight asshole.

Fuck, I groaned, the pleasure increasing with every plunge into her bowels. Let me feel that slutty ass going wild! Fucking schoolgirl ass is awesome!

Ooh, ooh, I lovey your cock in me, Mr. Crest! she gasped. I... I... I'm gonna cummies so hard. I'm such a slutty bimboy-schoolgirl. Yay!

I slammed my cock into her asshole and groaned as her hot flesh spasmed around me. She suckled at me with that amazing sheath. The pleasure shot through me. My eyes rolled back in my head. I savored every last second of this heat sweeping through me. I loved it so much.

She suckled at me with her hot anal sheath. She nursed at me with that hot sheath. I loved it so much. I savored the pleasure rushing through me. I grunted, erupting into her asshole again and again. I filled her up with so much jizz.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's fucking amazing!

I'm a baddie girl! the bimbo porn star howled, her anal sheath rippling around my cock.

I erupted into her bowels, grunting, Such a fucking bad girl!

I pumped my cum into her asshole. The pleasure slammed through my body. Blast after blast of ecstasy slammed through my mind. I loved each one. The pleasure crashed through my mind. Stars flashed across my eyes.

Shit, yes, I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. 

The ecstasy swept over me. Each eruption shot rapture through me. I grunted as her hot asshole suckled at my dick. She milked me with that hot, tight anal sheath. She rippled around me as I unloaded more and more cum into her.

I'm a baddie girl! she squealed, her blonde hair dancing.

I gripped her small breasts, her nipples poking me in the palms as her anal sheath suckled at my cock. She worked out every last drop of cum that I had. It felt fantastic to empty my jizz into her asshole. The pleasure washed through me. A big smile spread on my lips. I felt so good right now.

I erupted the last of my cum into her asshole. She whimpered, her head lowering. I stroked her petite body, running my big, strong hand over her small frame. She quivered with all my cock rammed into her asshole.

I pulled out of her backdoor. She gaped open for one moment. My cum spilled out and down her taint, a milky rivulet running to her pussy. She quivered and whimpered, twisting in delight as she threw a look over her shoulder.

On your knees and suck my dick, I growled. Now, slut!

Yesy sir! she squealed and spun around. She dropped to her knees and opened her mouth wide.

She swallowed my cock with her hungry lips. I shuddered at the feel of her mouth sliding over my dick. She latched onto my dirty shaft and swirled her tongue over my rod. She polished my pole as I groaned in delight.

I slid my fingers through her blonde hair as she suckled me clean. She nursed on me with all that she had. I loved the way she did that. It was an incredible rush having her suckling on me. She slurped as she buffed my dick, polishing off her own ass.

Damn, that's it, slut, I growled. Fucking Chloe Hart is sucking my dick.

She squealed around my cock, her blue eyes shining behind her glasses. Those shifted on her face as she bobbed her head. She loved sucking on me. She polished my pole with her hot mouth. She nursed on me with everything that she had.

I loved how she did that. I savored the way she nursed on me. It was just so delicious. Her blue eyes stared up at me with such empty-headed passion. Becoming a bimbo didn't stop her natural ability to look sexy as fuck.

She could make an impotent octogenarian hard with a wink.

She polished my cock, bobbing her head. She worked her ruby lips up and down it. I loved that. She suckled hard on my dick. She polished my cock with everything that she had. I loved how she did that. It was just awesome.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned. Work that mouth, slut. Work it!

She winked at me as she nursed hard. She polished off every bit of her ass, bringing me closer and closer to erupting into her mouth. I loved the way she suckled on me. She nursed with passion, her cheeks hollowing.

My balls tightened as she slurped on my dick. Her tongue slid around the crown. Pleasure shot down my shaft and washed through my body. I groaned, gripping her blonde hair as she worked. Her dainty glasses shifted down her nose.

I couldn't hold back much longer. It was just a wonderful rush to have her nursing on me with all that passion. I came closer and closer to spurting in her mouth. Closer and closer to flooding her with all the salty cum I had.

Get ready, slut, I growled. I'm going to flood that whore-mouth. Shit!

She squealed around my dick and suckled so hard. My balls twitched with her enthusiasm. I threw back my head and erupted into the porn star's mouth. Cum spurted from my cock and flooded her mouth. She gulped it down.

Fucking schoolgirl whore! I moaned, stars flashing across my vision.

The rapture hammered my mind. I shuddered with each blast of jizz. I savored that pleasure crashing into my thoughts again and again. This was such a heavenly moment. I trembled, my cock spurting blast after blast of cum into her mouth.

She gulped it down. She swallowed all that spunk that I had in my nuts. I loved it. The pleasure slammed through me. I unloaded my jizz in her, my hand gripping her blonde hair. My phone beeped in the background.

Shit, I groaned as I fired a final spurt of cum.

She moaned in delight, gulping down that last bit of jizz. I panted so much as she kept suckling on my dick. I shuddered and pulled out of her mouth. She panted, drool and spunk running down her chin. I bent down to grab my phone out of my pants bunched around my ankles.

Ooh, such yummy nummy cummies, she moaned. I lovey them. I'm such a bimoby-schoolygirl, aren't I? Mmm, just made you jizzie so fuckying hard, didn't I, Mr. Crest?

So fucking hard, I said and pulled my phone out of my jean's pocket. I swiped the screen and the Bimbo App came up. My three wives were at the top. They were keeping an eye on Maggie Storm. I smiled when I saw that Chloe Hart had hit Level 1. I tapped her profile and all the options came up.

But there really was only one. 

I selected Huge Boobs Bimbo and grinned as she gasped. She arched her back as those little A-cup titties of hers blossomed. They expanded into cute B's to ripe C's to delicious D's. They kept growing. From Double D's to F's to maybe even G's. They were huge tits, looking so obscene on her petite frame.

She gasped and leaned over, top-heavy now. She squealed as she grabbed her big breasts. I got boobies, Mr. Crest! She jiggled them. Lookie! Lookie! Biggie and softy and hugey boobies. Ooh, ooh, that's so naughty! I lovey them!

Course you do, I grunted. Now get off the toilet. I need to sit down. You're gonna give me a titty fuck!

Yay! the huge-titty bimbo squealed. Her glasses shifted on her nose as she slid off the toilet and crawled past me. I'll give you the most amazeyingest titty fuck in the wholey world. I'm a porny star, you know. Shhh, don't tell my parents.

I won't, I grunted and dropped my ass on the toilet, my still-hard cock bouncing. I leaned back. Wrap those big titties around my cock and make me cum all over that fresh face.

Okey-dokey, Mr. Crest, she said and hefted those big knockers.

She sandwiched her new huge tits around my dick. I groaned at the soft warmth that engulfed them. Her nipples, grown three times as big, rubbed into my stomach. I smiled as she squeezed her breasts around my dick. The crown barely peeked out, that was how huge her tits were.

She worked them up and down my cock. She giggled in delight as she did. She stared up at me as she massaged my big dick with her pillowy breasts. I was in heaven. I just enjoyed those lush mounds massaging my cock.

She giggled. Mmm, boobies go up! She slid her tits up my cock, my dick vanishing between those lush mounds. Boobies go down! She slid them down my shaft, my throbbing tip appeared. Boobies go up! Boobies go down! Boobies go up!

She was having so much fun with her simple-minded chant. I just groaned and enjoyed those wonderful knockers massaging my dick. Her soft flesh engulfed my crown over and over again, the pleasure slamming down to my balls.

I shifted on the toilet, moaning my enjoyment as she titty fucked me. She cooed as she did, her tits squeezing around my cock. She flashed me such a naughty smile, her glasses shifting on her nose. I couldn't wait to jizz on her face.

Lick the tip, I groaned. I licked when sluts did that to me. 

She smiled and did just that. She licked the crown of my cock. She stroked over it. Pleasure shot through me. I groaned as she did that. My face contorted with the delight of her licking and lapping at me. She drove me wild with that hot tongue of hers.

It was fantastic having her doing that. Every time her tits went down my dick, she flicked across the crown. I shuddered, the pressure growing and growing in my nuts. She slid her boobs back up then down. She licked.

I groaned, Fuck.

Yummy precummies, she purred. Are you going to jizzie on my face, Mr. Crest? I've been a baddie girl.

Yes, you have, I groaned. Keep titty fucking me and out!

Yay! She squeezed those tits tight around my cock and pumped them up and down me faster. Her tongue flicked out, stroking over my crown. Pleasure shot down my shaft. Ooh, ooh, I want cummies on my cutie face!

I just groaned as the pressure built and built at the tip. I hurtled toward the moment when I would jizz all over her. It was an amazing one. She licked at me with everything that she had. It was a fantastic rush having her licking at me like that.

My nuts tightened. I loved how she worked those hot tits up and down my dick. Her tongue stroked my cock. I groaned, my cock throbbing between those tits. She slid her boobs up, engulfing the crown in those heavenly tits. They slid back down. Her tongue flicked out.

Shit! I grunted.

I erupted.

My cum splashed across Chloe Hart's face, drenching her cute glasses. She squealed in delight as I spurted over and over again. My balls unloaded as the pleasure slammed through my body. I grunted with each blast, drenching the porn star with my seed.

More and more of my spunk coated those glasses. My pearly spooge landed on her lips cheeks and forehead. She opened her mouth, catching my spunk spurting up from between her tits. I groaned with each blast, savoring this pleasure.

Shit, yes, I groaned. I just had to wait twenty-four hours, then I'd have my little girl back and punch that fucking creep in the face. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eric Murphy

The hum of Cherry's breast pump filled the hotel suite. I couldn't believe how crazy things got at Level 4. My little sister was now a HuCow bimbo. She was lactating so much, she was filling bottle after bottle with breast milk.

She had quite the collection. I could sell them, apparently. 

Of course, there was my mother. She was looking so happy as she rubbed her belly. She was bred by me. And she would have a daughter who grew up fast and would become my bimbo once she was old enough. That was insane.

The craziest one was somehow Tina. My bimbo-girlfriend was now a bimbo-priestess. She had a slight glow around her head like she was a saint. She had a halo. She had glowed when we were having sex, blessing me.

Whatever that meant.

Mrs. Waters and Mrs. Mayers were heading out to work their evening shifts here in Manhattan. Their last time whoring at a bar and the strip club. As they headed out, I stared at my phone. I had some new perks to buy for my Level 4 bimbos. I didn't care that they each cost 40 Bimbo Crystals. I was making so much money now, I didn't even blink to spend it.

Tina was the first one I checked out. 

Blessed Bimbo Whore Perk (40 Bimbo Crystals): A Bimbo Priestess with the Locked Perk can bless three bimbos who work so they earn an additional 25% money.

Damn, I said. Wait, wait, Mrs. Waters and Mrs. Mayers, don't leave just yet.

But I have to go worky the pole, Mrs. Waters said.

I have men who need to fucky me in the restroom and fill my married pussy with their jizzies! Mrs. Mayers groaned.

Just a sec, I said as I bought the perk. I could select three bimbos. A list came up of the ones I sent out to work: Mrs. Waters, Mrs. Mayers, Barbie, and Mrs. Juarez. I could only pick three of them. Well, Mrs. Waters and Mrs. Mayers were obvious since they were about to go earn. I selected them. Then... Mrs. Juarez. I was giving up Barbie tomorrow. She wouldn't be earning me any money before then. 

Ooh, ooh, blessy times! squealed Tina. She bounced to her feet, the glow about her head pulsing. She still wore her nurse's cap. She rushed over, her hands cuffed behind her back. Kneely, Mommy!

Okey-dokey! Mrs. Waters said and dropped to her knees before her daughter. She wore a trench coat with sexy lingerie on beneath. 

I was curious what was about to happen. Tina bent over and thrust her pussy out toward her mother's face. I thought she wanted Mrs. Waters to eat her out, but Tina instead closed her eyes. A look of beatific joy spread on her face.

Oh, Lordy God, blessy my mommy so that she can earn my sexy and awesomey and amazeying boyfriend lots of moolah! Tina gasped, her glow flaring bright. Amen!

As she said those words, her head threw back. Pussy juices squirted from her cunt and splashed her mother in the face. She soaked her mother who opened her mouth wide and drank all her daughter's cream. It was so hot. My dick lurched at the sight.

And you're so blessy, Mommy! Tina purred. Your turn, Mrs. Mayers! Let's get all holy and gody and goody!

Yes, yes, blessy me, Priestess Tina! Mrs. Mayers, the busty, auburn-haired MILF, moaned. She dropped to her knees wearing a trench coat, too. Only she had nothing on under hers.

Oh, Lordy God, blessy Mrs. Mayers so that she can earn my sexy and awesomey and amazeying boyfriend lots of moolah! Amen!

Tina glowed so bright as she squirted her pussy cream across Mrs. Mayers's face. The naughty bimbo-wife opened wide, swallowing all the pussy cream that spilled over her features. I couldn't believe that Tina could do that, but there she was. My bimbos would make me even more money tonight.

I had to buy a new house or something. Fuck.

There you go! Tina squealed. She straightened, her red hair spilling around her shoulders. She beamed at me. All blessedy, Eric. Isn't that just neaty!

So fucking neat, I said as the two women headed out the door. As they were leaving, Barbie and Mrs. Juarez were returning from their day of whoring. My app dinged as the money they added to my account. 

Mrs. Juarez, kneely and prepare to be blessedy by God and my pussy! Tina said, turning around and thrusting her cute tush at the Hispanic bimbo-MILF.

Mrs. Juarez knelt and was anointed in pussy cream, blessed by my girlfriend's pussy. I shook my head at how wild that was. Level 4 bimbos were insane. Mrs. Juarez beamed as she rose, her golden-brown face drenched in pussy cream. 

I looked to my phone. My sister had her own perk. She swapped bottles on her breast pump, which had magically appeared. There was no doubt that the supernatural was involved with this app. How? Why? I did not fucking no, but... I read my little sister's perk.

HuCow Dairy Supplier (40 Bimbo Crystals) A HuCow Bimbo with the Locked Perk can sell her bottled breast milk at the store of your choosing.

I liked how locking them was getting me ways to earn money. Mom didn't have any perk, but I bought this one. It opened up a new menu where I could set the price per bottle and choose where to sell them at. Well, we were in Manhattan. This was the place to sell something for a lot of money.

I found a high-end health store and set the price at $1000 per bottle. All the ones she had filled up vanished. She was happily filling another, a big smile on her lips as the two cups worked on her boobs, milking her big udders.

I looked at the phone and smiled. Mrs. Waters would hit Level 4 stripping tonight, but none of the others were close enough. Not even Barbie. Pity. I would get her almost there before I had to return her to her dad, but...

Maggie Storm and Chloe Hart... Damn, that was exciting.

My stomach rumbled, so I grabbed the phone to order room service. They had a great restaurant. Fucking expensive, but I didn't care. I already had a notification from my phone that one of Cherry's bottles of breast milk just sold. I made a $1000. That would cover dinner.

I made the call as I watched Barbie flounce around the hotel room. She wore her slutty maid's uniform and was dusting everything. She hummed as she moved about, bending over to flash her shaved pussy and the bottom swell of her cute butt-cheeks.

My dick throbbed. Okay, that sounds perfect, I said to the kitchen. Thirty minutes. Thanks.

I hung up as I watched Barbie wiggling her hips. Her puffy skirts swayed over her rump in such a delicious way. My cock was at full mast now. I wouldn't have much longer to fuck her, and she did have the best ass in my group. She wasn't just a Maid Bimbo, but also an Anal Sex Bimbo and Ass to Mouth Specialist.

I rose and moved toward barbie as she was dusting the TV. She kept wiggling her hips as I reached her. I lifted her skirt. She giggled and threw a look over her shoulder. Her blue eyes sparkled, her blonde spilling around her shoulders.

Did you need me to cleany something, Master, she cooed as I stared at that cute ass. She was the hottest cheerleader at my high school. I would miss her.

Yes, I did, I said.

She giggled and reached behind her, swiping her feather duster up and down my cock. Mmm, there, Master. All cleany!

That was too easy, I said, pushing my cock into her butt-crack. I'm going to have to get my dick real dirty so you have something to clean.

Ooh, ooh, of coursey, Master. She giggled as I slid down to her asshole. I lovey cleanying your dirty dick.

I do, too, Eric, honey! Tina moaned. I lovey you and God loveys you and you're the best.

So are you, I groaned. God, I was going to marry her. Marry that bimbo-priestess. But that was for later. Right now...

I had a hot maid to fuck in the ass.

I pressed my cock right against Barbie's anal ring and thrust. I wasn't lubed, but she was an Anal Sex Bimbo, so she could take it. She groaned as I pushed and pushed on her asshole. I loved the way her sphincter stretched to take my dick. It was fantastic. 

I pushed and pushed against her anal ring. She moaned, grabbing the entertainment system the TV rested on. She moaned as her asshole stretched wider. Her skirt rustled. Her head tossed, her cute maid cap perched on her head.

Master's biggie dick, she moaned as her asshole widened and swallowed my dick. Yay!

I groaned as I sank into her asshole. I reveled in my bimbo-maid's hot anal sheath. Her father would get her back soon. He would get to fuck her in the ass, so I would enjoy this. I loved how her asshole devoured my cock.

She swallowed me with that tight anal sheath. She whimpered, squeezing down around me as I bottomed out in her bowels. She shuddered and moaned. I loved how she squeezed around me. She knew what she was doing.

Fuck, I groaned and drew back my cock. It was a wonderful moment. I loved that. Oh, fuck, that's amazing!

Yesy it isy, Master! she moaned as I slammed back into her bowels. Ooh, yesy, that's so goody great.

Lordy, blessy my boyfriend as he fucky his bimboy-maid in the assyhole! Tina prayed behind us. Let them both have goody great cummies and so much funny fun with lots of spurting jizzies and gaspy moans! Amen!

Amen! I groaned as her halo glowed brighter behind us.

I slammed hard into Barbie's asshole and groaned. I swear she felt even better. Her velvety sheath squeezed about my cock in just the right way. I loved it so much. I fucked into her with force, burying to the hilt in her again and again. I loved that so much. I savored how she held me as I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force.

I pounded her with everything that I had. I fucked into her anal sheath with powerful strokes. She squeezed her bowels down around me. She held me tight with that hot snatch. I loved it so much. I groaned as I pumped away at her. 

My nuts slapped into her taint while her maid's uniform rustled. Her blonde hair danced. I felt the other bimbos watching. And having their own. I glanced back to see Mom was just eating out Cherry's pussy, enjoying some daughter snatch. Mrs. Juarez was doing the same to Priestess Tina, feasting on that holy snatch.

I loved the sight as I slammed back into Barbie's asshole. I buried to the hilt in her bowels, reveling in the way she squeezed about me. She held me tight with her asshole. It was an outstanding rush fucking into her anal sheath. I buried deep and hard into her bowels.

She squeezed her twat down around my dick. She held me tight with her amazing asshole. I groaned with each thrust into her bowels. I fucked deep and hard into her anal sheath. She stirred her bowels around my dick.

Master's awesomey cock! Barbie moaned. Ooh, ooh, that's so goody great. I'm going to cummies so hard on your amazey and blessedy dick!

Yes! I groaned, slamming into her blessed asshole. She did feel fucking amazing. I reveled in this as I fucked to the hilt in her bowels. Shit, yes, let me feel you cum, maid-slut!

Yesy sir, Master! she gasped as I drew back my cock. She squealed out in delight as her bowels spasmed around my dick. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath. Master!

I groaned as her asshole spasmed around my dick. It was so awesome to have her anal sheath writhing around me. It felt so incredible thanks to Tina's prayer as I buried to the hilt in my maid-bimbo's asshole. I slammed to the hilt in her.

Erupted.

I spurted over and into her anal sheath. She moaned as her hot bowels spasmed around my cock. I groaned, loving this passion. The pleasure slammed through me as I fired my spunk into her hot bowels. I filled her to the brim.

Master! she gasped, her bowels rippling around my cock. Ooh, ooh, all your cummies in my buttyhole! Just where they belong!

Amen! Tina squealed. Ooh, ooh, you have such a goody tongue, Mrs. Juarez. You're gonna make me cummy, too! Lordy, I want to cummy so hard!

I shuddered, my pleasures slamming through me as I pumped more and more cum into the bimbo-maid's asshole. I loved it. I shuddered through all that rapture. The ecstasy slammed into my mind. It was just a wondrous moment.

Fuck, I groaned as I erupted one last time into her. Damn, now you have a dirty dick to clean with that wet pussy.

Yeppers, whimpered the slutty maid. Her blonde hair swayed around her shoulders as I pulled out of her asshole. I will cleany your dickie with my wettie pussy!

I sank onto the couch beside my little sister. She squirmed as she enjoyed getting eaten out by our mother. I loved the sight as Barbie spun around. She unlaced her bodice, freeing those round, tanned tits of hers. She sauntered to me, a wicked gleam in her blue eyes.

She straddled me and grabbed my dirty dick. She pressed me into the wet folds of her pussy. I loved that sensation. She winked at me as she plunged her juicy cunt right down my cock. I groaned as her juicy snatch buffed me clean.

Ooh, ooh, I love cleanying your cock, Master, she moaned, squeezing her snatch around me as she rose up me. Her boobs jiggled before me. I lovey it oh, so muchy!

I can tell, I groaned as her juicy snatch plunged down my dick. I reveled in her wet twat massaging my cock and buffing me clean. Ride that dick, slut. Ride me and polish my pole with that delicious pussy!

I shally, Master! she moaned as she rose up me again, clenching her twat hard around my dick.

I savored that silky massage. She didn't have Mom's amazing pussy, but she did come close. I loved her snatch plunging back down my dirty dick. It was so hot having her twat working up and down me. Just amazing.

Tina gasped as she squirmed nearby, her handcuffs rattling. Her round boobs jiggled. Her halo shone softly around her head. She glanced at me and smiled, her dimples flashing. I grinned back at my holy bimbo-girlfriend.

Mrs. Juarez, Tina moaned. Such a goody bimbo. Eatying my pussy is so goody for you! Amen!

So goody, chica, purred the Hispanic MILF. I lovey your pussy so muchy. Ay carambaiii, that's so goody.

I loved it. Cherry squirmed beside me. Still pumping away at her breasts while getting devoured by Mom. My dick throbbed in Barbie's pussy. She worked that hot cunt up and down me. She squeezed about me in such a delicious way.

I hurtled closer and closer to erupting. It would be a delicious moment. Just a wondrous moment. She wiggled her hips from side to side, stirring her cunt around my cock. She bounced on me, gripping me with that wondrous hole.

Damn, I groaned. Clean that dick, Barbie!

Yesy sir, Master! she moaned, plunging her pussy down my dick. She squeezed and slid back up it. Cleany with my juicy pussy! Ooh, ooh, you're so thickie and hardy and so muchy better than all my clients. I lovey cleanying your dick! It's the bestiest best!

Would she still think my cock was the best once her Dad owned her?

Probably not. Oh, well, I was getting Maggie Storm and Chloe Hart. I would miss Barbie, but those two fucking hotties would be perfect to own. Petite and cute Chloe Hart with that ass and Maggie Storm with that smile and those perfect breasts.

Shit, I groaned, the pressure building and building at the tip of my cock. I was so ready to just burst in her snatch. Work that cunt. Clean my dick, bimbo-slut! Yes, yes, use that pussy to clean my fucking dick!

Yesy, sir, Master! she squealed, plunging her cunt down my cock. Oh, getting it all nicey and cleany and polishy. It'll be sparkly when I'm all doney! Yesy sir!

I groaned as she took my dick again. She had just such a perfect cunt for that. I was in heaven here. I loved what she did to me. I groaned as the pressure swelled and swelled in my nuts. The need to burst hurtled closer and closer. I was so close to bursting in her twat. 

She plunged her cunt down me and threw back her head, squealing with rapture. Her hot teat spasmed around my dick. I loved how she suckled at my cock with her spasming snatch. It was an incredible rush having her twat rippling around me.

Shit! I groaned as I erupted.

Mastery sir! she gasped, her boobs bouncing.

I supported my cum into her pussy over and over again. I flooded her with my spunk. I filled her up with spurt after spurt of my jizz. The pleasure rushed through me. It was an awesome delight to dump my load into her pussy.

I pumped spurt after spurt of cum into her twat. I groaned with each eruption. I loved the way I erupted into her. I groaned with each blast of cum. It was an incredible rush. Her twat convulsed around me, milking out every drop.

Damn, I groaned, pumping her fertile pussy with my jizz.

She milked me dry, I erupted that last blast into her as she squirmed on me. She felt so good trembling on me. She giggled in delight as I leaned back. A knock came at the door, my other bimbos moaning.

That's room service, I said, slapping Barbie on the ass. Go get it.

Yesy, Master! she cooed and slid off my cock. I groaned and grabbed my phone. I glanced at it. Mrs. Waters just hit Level 4. I'd wait until she got back before leveling her up. Why let those random fuckers gangbanging her get to experience her new skills? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I left my bimbos sleeping in the room as I headed out into the main suit. It was just midnight. Mrs. Waters and Mrs. Mayers would be getting back from their last shifts working in Manhattan. We would be flying back tomorrow afternoon. 

Another flight on a private jet.

I stretched my back and waited for them to return. I had just turned on the TV and was skipping through the options. There were a lot of movies I could rent, but none of them were porn. Didn't they have porn for rent at hotels? Or maybe not at classy hotels.

The giggles alerted me to their presence. They both were back at the same time. The lock whirled as they used their keycards. I was surprised they could manage that. Well, they were quite adept at some tasks while hopelessly inept in others.

Mrs. Mayers and Mrs. Waters stumbled in. Shower, I said and snapped my finger. And don't spend too much time in there fucking around.

Okey-dokey! the two bimbos said, taking off their trench coats.

Mrs. Mayers dripped in cum. Her naked body had drying jizz all over her. So did Mrs. Waters, but she had her purple lingerie on over it. They headed to the bathroom as I waited for them to finish. It took them longer than it should.

They fucked around in there. But that was bimbos for you.

Mrs. Mayers, eat your own pussy, I said.

Okey-dokey! the Yoga Bimbo said and bent over to do just that. She could easily do that since she was so flexible. She started lapping away at her own twat.

I now opened the App and clicked on Mrs. Waters's profile. I had no idea what she would get at Level 4. Where would DP Lover Bimbo to Exhibitionist Lover Bimbo to Gangbang Lover Bimbo go? I was so ready to find out I tapped the screen and...

Porn Star Bimbo. 

Huh. I guess that actually was in line. It certainly wasn't out of left field like Bimbo Priestess with Tina. I read the description. All her sexual activities are recorded and automatically put up on your own section of the BimboVids website to earn money.

Damn. She just was monetizable without any perks. So she would be gangbanged at the strip club and earn me more money with amateur porn. I really had no problem with that. I leveled her up to it, not that there were any options. 

Let's test this out, I said. Mrs. Waters, Mrs. Mayers, get over here and suck my dicks together. I want to jizz on your faces and see if this vid makes any money.

Ooh, ooh, I lovey that! moaned Mrs. Waters. She dropped to her knees, her wet, brown hair clinging to her shoulders. Her big boobs bounced. I want to star in all the naughty, adulty movies. My hubby has to watch!

Yes, he does, I said as Mrs. Mayers moved to join, her lips stained in her own pussy cream.

Mrs. Waters engulfed my cock as I enjoyed the hot wife suckling on me. I had cuckolded both their husbands. I shuddered as the naughty Mrs. Waters worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled on me hard.

Mrs. Mayers whimpered, waiting for her turn as I enjoyed the excellent blowjob from Mrs. Waters. My future mother-in-law bimbo suckled on me with force. She nursed on me with everything that she had. I loved it so much.

She suckled on me hard. Fast. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. It was an incredible rush to have her suckling on my dick like that. It was a wonderful moment. My eyes rolled back in my head. 

Then Mrs. Waters popped her mouth off and squealed, Your turny turn!

Yay! Mrs. Mayers swallowed my dick.

I groaned as the other hot wife suckled on my dick. The MILF bobbed her head, her hand gripping the base of my shaft. She worked her hand up and down me as she swirled her tongue around my dick. The auburn-haired bimbo suckled hard.

She nursed with passion, my dick already eager to cum. I was so ready to jizz on their faces and make a hot video. My dick throbbed in her mouth. She suckled on me with passion. She swirled her tongue around my dick.

Fuck, yes, I groaned. Just like that.

She winked at me. 

I'm going to jizz on your faces, I groaned.

Mrs. Mayers ripped her mouth off my dick and squealed her delight. Mrs. Waters swallowed me, nursing hard. Her tongue danced around my face. She drove me wild. I loved what she did to me. It was a fantastic delight to have her nursing on me with all that passion. I loved it so much. My nuts tightened as I hurtled closer and closer to cumming.

They passed me back and forth. They traded me, both of them staring up at me with such lust in their eyes. Mrs. Mayers nursed with passion. Mrs. Waters suckled with hunger. My nuts twitched as they brought me closer and closer.

Pleasey cummy on our faces, Mrs. Waters moaned, drool running down her chin. Then she swapped places.

I want all your jizzies on my face, Mrs. Mayers moaned. And on her cutie face!

Yes, I growled.

Mrs. Waters suckled hard. She brought me closer and closer to popping. I was in heaven here. I didn't know how this video would work, but I was so eager to erupt on their faces and paint the two married MILFs in my spunk.

Shit! I groaned as Mrs. Waters suckled on my dick. I'm going to cum!

Mrs. Waters suckled hard on my cock before she remembered I had to jizz on her face. She ripped her mouth off my dick and stared up at me. She had this huge smile on her lips. Mrs. Mayers stroked my cock, her eyes staring up at me with such passion.

Cummy on our faces! Mrs. Mayers moaned, fisting me so hard.

Yesy yes! squealed Mrs. Waters. Just jizzie on us!

That hand was perfect. The pressure in my nuts hit the bursting point. I groaned and erupted across the faces. I drenched the two MILFs in my jizz. I grunted with each eruption, the pleasure slamming through me. I painted them in my cum.

I groaned with each blast of jizz that burst out of me. It was a fantastic moment. I loved all this rapture sweeping through me. I groaned with each spurt of cum that splashed more jizz on the MILFs' faces. I coated them in my seed.

Ooh, Eric, you're cummies are the besty best! squealed Mrs. Mayers.

I lovey them oh so muchy much! groaned Mrs. Waters.

Fuck, I grunted as I plastered their features in my pearly cum.

My ecstasy slammed through me with each eruption. I loved coating them in my seed. I groaned, the rapture rushing through me again and again. I fired the last of my cum on them as the pair of them quivered in delight. They dripped with jizz.

Then Mrs. Waters turned her head and started licking my jizz off Mrs. Mayers's cheeks. The pair of them licked up my spunk. The MILFs were having so much fun gathering up my spunk. I loved it. This was a delicious experience.

My heart pounded in my chest as I loved this pleasure sweeping through me. I savored every moment of it. I felt so damned good. Just fucking awesome. My heart hammered in my chest. A big smile spread on my lips. 

Damn, damn, damn, I groaned, savoring this pleasure. Ooh, that's so good. That's just what I need.

They both looked up at me and cooed, Thank you for the cummies, Eric!

My phone dinged. I grabbed it and saw that I had a video ready for BimboVids. I clicked and saw I could title it. Mrs. Waters and MILF Friend Enjoy a Facial. That should be good. I set the price to buy the VOD. It was short. $5. Why not?

I published it then it asked if I wanted to share it. I smiled and shared it with both Mr. Waters and Mr. Mayers. They were both cucks. It might be midnight here in New York, but it was just after 9 PM in Washington.

I'll check it out, Mr. Waters said. Looks hot.

And just like that, I had my first sale. This was amazing. I had to get my bimbos up and make more of these vids with Mrs. Waters. 

To be continued...
