My Doctor's Appointment

By JSR

The author in no way believes that any man, woman, or child should be violated or abused. This story is written as adult entertainment, and should be read by only those over 18 years old. 

This story may contain some or all of the following: Nudity, Voyeurism, Exhibitionism, MF, Mf, Fm, inc. Rape, Oral. Group sex, bg, bbg, BBg, Gbb, MMF, Mff, MFF, 


I set my alarm, as I had a 9am appointment at my doctors office, and went to bed at 10pm. I immediately fell asleep. I did not even know when my wife came to bed.

The alarm went off. I got up and took a shower. Had a dish of cereal for breakfast, and hurried off to the medical center. As I drove, things looked somehow different than they should have. One thing I notice as I drove was that everyone seemed to be nude. Very odd indeed.

I parked in front of the Doctor's office, and went inside. I walked up to the receptionist desk, and noted that she (and everyone else) was nude, and had humungous tits with nipples the size of a nickle. I checked in and she said, Find a seat, the Dr. will be with you shortly. I asked her, Why is everyone nude today? She said, Once a month the Mayor declares a nude day, and everyone has to be nude at all times. You yourself, are nude, so what is the big Deal? For the first time since I had gotten up, I realized that I was also nude. This is a very strange day.

It looked like every seat was taken, but I finally found on between two ladies. The one on the left had very small tits, and a lot of pubic hair. She must have colored her hair, as it was blond, and her pubic hair was coal black. The woman on the right had probably D cups, and she was moving so that they swayed back and forth. I sat between them, and my cock was hard and sticking up prominently.

As I sat there, wondering what was going on, a young lady came out of the examining room area, and was looking for a seat. She suddenly saw me and walked over to me and promptly sat on my cock, burying it deep inside of her. I looked up in surprise, and she said, I was told to sit where ever I could and to keep my pussy warm. I hope you don't mind. If you need to cum, do it inside of me.

Now I was really concerned, but the lady next to me with the small tits said, The doctor has had me do that before. I really enjoyed the guy I sat on. By the way it is my daughter you are fucking. Shortly, a nurse called the young lady back to the examining room. She pulled herself from my cock and smiled at me and said, Thanks. Once she was gone, her mom looked at me and said, I hope you got her pregnant, she is trying to have a different father for each of her children, and so far so good. I said, How many children does she have? The woman answered, Six so far, maybe you have made it 7. I so far have only had 4 myself. 

The lady on the other side of me with the big tits, said, Dear me, is there some problem that keeps you from getting pregnant? As she said that, she reached over and started jacking me off. They kept talking about each kid they had, all the time either jacking me off, or giving me a blow job, right there in front of everyone.

After about an hour, my Dr.'s nurse called my name. I went over to her, and she was also nude. She did have her medical ID on a chain around her neck and it was resting between her tits. She had shaved her pussy and it shined like a silver dollar. She told me the Dr. was not here today, but that I would see a female Dr. that have very good credentials. I was sat on a stool outside of the examining room, and was told that the nurse was going to take my blood pressure. She had a cuff that was very small, and I asked her, Isn't that a little small? She said, We are trying a new way to take mens blood pressure. We are going to take it not from your arm, but from your hard cock. There is a new theory that it will be more accurate. With that she put the cuff on my rigid cock, and started pumping it up. Once she was satisfied that it was where it needed to be, she put her stethoscope, on my balls, and seemed to be playing with them. She said, Let me know when you are ready to cum. I need to check the volume that you put out.

When I told her I was ready to cum, she opened her mouth and held it so that my cum would go into her mouth. After I had cum in her mouth she closed her mouth, and tilted her head back and forth. She then swallowed the cum and said, Average volume, lots of swimmers, and a very good taste. She then took me into an examining room.

Once inside, she said, Sit in that chair, so I can take your temperature. I sat on the chair, and she proceeded to mount my cock. Once I had cum inside of her, she said, Temperature is a little high today. A short time later the Dr. came in. She was a 45 on a 1 to 10 scale. She had a beautiful face. Large brown eyes, and a cute nose. Her hair was red, and her pubic hair was deep red. Her tits were very large and her nipples were like small black dots in a sea of bouncing flesh.

The nurse told her that my temperature seems a little high, today, and she said, Take him to examining room 4. I will check it again there. Then she left the room.

The nurse took hold of my cock and led me to examining room 4. Here there was an examining table that set close to the floor, and had stirrups for my feet. Between the legs, there was a small set of steps. Once the nurse had me on the table, the Dr. came in. She got on the top step and turned her back to me, took hold of my cock and entered it into her pussy. She then sat down to get my cock fully inside of her. She said, I will have to work you a little since you just came in my nurse, but it should not take long for you to cum in me, so I can check your temperature.

I said, Dr., I keep hearing a ringing sound in my head, sort of like an alarm clock going off, am I going crazy, or what?

About that time, something hit me in the head, and I heard my wife yell, That alarm has been going off for 10 minutes. Get up you have a Dr. appointment in half an hour.

I went to the bathroom, and instead of piss coming out of my cock, it was cum. I cleaned up and went back into the bedroom to get dressed, and my wife said to me,

YOU DO NOT NEED TO DRESS, THE MAYOR HAS DECLARED THIS DAY TO BE NUDE DAY FOR THIS MONTH.

I said to myself, I can only hope!


Comments and suggestions are always welcome:

storytellerxxx5@gmail.com


