Vala buses a table their food, carrying plates up her arm and drinks in her hands as she manuevers through the tables and the children. The diner is beginning to clear out, people finishing their meals and paying as they head out to the rest of their evening activities.

Behind her, the bell rings again, alerting them of a new customer but Vala is busy, unable to go and see to who it is. She does turn her head slightly though, catching the glimpse of brown leather out of the side of her eyes and grinning.

He sees her and just grins, walking up and leaning against the counter while she busily gets plates ready for a few people that are still sitting down. He speaks low so that she can hear him but no one else can. "Hope I'm not here too early. Couldn't seem to stay away..."

"That meatloaf really got to you, hm?" She replies quietly, her eyes flicking up to catch his briefly before she returns to pouring coffee for another customer. "Or maybe it was that cherry tart..." She brushes past him, her body against his as she moves by.

He sucks in a breath, watching her, feeling her. His body is responding without pausing to check with his head first, and maybe walking across the room isn't such a good idea so he slides onto one of the stools to wait for her to come back around.

Vala keeps an eye on him as she makes her rounds, checking with her customers at her tables if they need anything. As she sets her final glass of tea down on her final table and slips the last tip into her apron pocket, she finally makes her way over to Cam and to the bar.

"Now, what will it be for you?" She asks, leaning her elbows on the bar and looking at him.

"Just a tea right now," he says, shaking his head just a little bit. He crosses his arms on the table and leans in too, so that he's only a few inches away from her. The position is familiar, bordering on intimate, and certainly flirtatious. "We have a date, remember?"

"Sweet or unsweet for you honey?" She asks, laying on the cheesy appellations that Betty does to everyone that comes in through the doors. Its her diner talk, she calls it.

"Sweet if you got the real stuff, darling," Cam says, voice slipping into the sort of drawl that he usually thins out. He spent the first decade and a half of his life in the south - the real South - and he learned really quickly in his military career what gets respect and what doesn't, his Tennessee syllables earning him some teasing. It takes almost nothing for it to ease back out though, especially when he actually tries.

She keeps her eyes on him, flickering up every few moments as she pours him a large glass of the sweet tea that Betty swears by (Sal says he's from new York and they never had any of that sort of thing there). "Let me go and finish with my rounds then," Vala says, slipping out from behind the bar and seeing to the last few tables.

Sarah went home earlier and Betty is grabbing her coat, getting ready to leave as well. "Do you need me to stay..." She asks, her eyes flicking over to Cam and then back to Vala. Vala just grins.

"I really don't think he'd be up for something like that Betty," she assures the older woman, seeing her out. Betty blushes and quickly looks away, that hadn't been what she was trying to say.

Cam misses that little exchange completely. He's still at the counter, sipping his tea and building a small fort out of sugar and sweet-n-low packets. He's got it about four stories high when the back of his neck begins to prickle and he knows she's walking up behind him.

"Sal is just finishing in the kitchen, what can I get for you?" She asks again, coming up on his left hand side. She eyes his sugar packet fort, its not bad really. She grabs a straw thought and blows, attacking his fort with a wind assault.

"Ooh, ouch," he laughs, sweeping his fingers through the fallen packets. "Now what did I do to deserve that? All my minutes of long, hard work..."

She chuckles and sets her straw down. "My apologies to your fort and its untimely demise. Now, what would you like to eat? Before we're stuck with peanut butter and bananas or some other odd creation you guys-- I've seen other people eat." She covers up her slip fairly well, hoping that Cam doesn't catch it either.

He doesn't. He's off his game, driven to distraction by her proximity still.

"Well, I was gonna say surprise me, and then it dawned on me..." He reaches out and picks up the straw she just put down, poking at her hand with it. "Kind of unfair of you to have to cook for me every single time. So why don't I help?"

Vala raises her eyebrows at him. "Think you can run a cooker? And not have Sal get upset for changing all the knobs around the next day?" She teases him.

Instead of answering he hops to his feet, boldly walking around the counter and back into the kitchen. He had a job at a fast food place once during high school, but that was back in the 80s and he doesn't actually remember much about it. It can't be that hard, though, right? He turns to her. "So, what do you want to eat?"

Vala sits up on a stool and snags a menu and looks through it. "Hm, lets see," she peruses, running her finger over all the different options. "I know I want macaroni and cheese. And fried apples. Ooh, chicken fried steak. Potatoes and gravy.... And maybe the carrots."

She nods and sets her menu down. She hadn't had time to stop for lunch earlier.

"Okay, we can do all of that." Luckily, she hasn't listed anything he's never made except for the fried apples, but he doesn't think that should be too different from what he's seen his mother put into an apple pie a hundred times. "No promises on the shape Sal's kitchen will be in tomorrow, though."

He grabs some pans and with her help finds everything he needs to start the chicken fried steak, knowing that will take the longest. There are already mashed potatoes and gravy prepared in warmers, but he pushes aside the drippy brown gravy in favor of making his own using grease from the fried steak and his mother's recipe. The macaroni and cheese is simple, and the apples - he doesn't use Sal's exact recipe, but he thinks they'll turn out well.

Standing back, he surveys the different things he's gotten started, making a note of how long each one needs to go on. He's got a sharp mind and after years of flying, he's good at mental lists, knowing how to have half a dozen balls in the air and not let one drop. It's a talent that has come in handy. He turns to Vala and grins, slightly cocky. "How am I doing so far, princess?"

"Doing alright so far," she replies, having enjoyed the view of his backside as he cooked. "Real test comes when I eat it cowboy," she teases back.

She's been on Earth long enough to have picked up on some of the slang terms and a few regional colloquialisms. Betty still says things though that she doesn't understand and she just has to nod and grin, pretending she does.

He laughs. "I'm flyboy, not a cowboy, honey. Trust me; I’ve seen what those cowboys eat, you’re better off with me. And I think it'll taste just fine."

He pauses to stir the gravy and make sure the steak is cooking well through. The apples are about done, and so is the mac and cheese, so he grabs bowls and starts to plate the food.

Vala sniffs slightly, shifting in her seat. She hates when she messes up that whole slang thing. She's a bit disappointed but lets it go, watching Cam cook and move in the kitchen.

The smells are beginning to get to her, making her stomach roll and growl hungrily.

He knows the steak has a couple minutes left. The apples are done and warming, the macaroni and cheese is done, and the gravy is just about perfect. He gives it another stir and then puts the spoon down, turning and walking over to where Vala is sitting. He puts his arms on the counter on either side of her and leans in, pausing just shy of her lips to say, "Hi," and then leaning in to kiss her.

"Why, hello," she grins, kissing him back. "Really must have done a number on you if this was all you could think about today," she teases him lightly. Truthfully, she wasn't able to think of much else either.

"Who said you were all I could think about?" He teases. "Maybe it really was the meatloaf..."

"Oh I don't think it was," Vala replies, grinning, calling his bluff. "I bet it was all me. You couldn't stop thinking about me."

He shakes his head. "No, it was definitely the meatloaf. The more I think about it, the more I want it."

He steps away from her, plating two pieces of chicken fried steak. He takes them out and over to the counter, following it up with a tray that has all of the side dishes. He doesn't quite have her skill with balancing a tray full of food.

"If that was the case we could have just had meatloaf and called it a night!" She calls, grinning. She knows it wasn't the meatloaf that he liked.

He comes back with the last plates, and refills both of their drinks.

"Okay, there. Now I can call this a date with my pride intact." He leans over and hands her a set of napkin wrapped silverware. "And maybe you were right. Maybe it wasn't the meatloaf."

"Thats what I thought," she grins, taking the silverware from him. "It was that sweet, sweet cherry tart wasn't it?" She grins, her tongue curling as she teases him.

He reaches out and stabs his fork into the bowl of apples. He only made one of those, figuring they could share. "Something like that."

Vala keeps an eye on the apples, making sure that he doesn't eat them all. What she is really interested in is this macaroni and cheese. She digs in, humming over how goey and cheesy it is.

He's keeping an eye on her, trying to make sure that his cooking skills are still up to par. It's one of the things he started doing during those months of physical therapy, staying with his parents (because really, where else did he have to go?) and spending hours with his mother. Speaking of... "What do you think of the gravy? My momma's recipe."

"I think it is amazing and that you need to come over and make it more often for me," Vala tells him. She gives him a look as she digs into her mashed potatoes and gravy. "Mmm, so good."

He cuts up his steak, chewing. It's good - not his best, certainly not his mothers, but it'll do. He looks at his plate, then glances over at her. "Or you could come to mine and I'll cook for you there."

Vala pauses, her fork halfway between her plate and her mouth. "Oh? That could be interesting..." She smiles at Cam slowly, looking him over. "Are you asking me over to your place Cam?"

"Not that this diner isn't just great," he pauses and looks around, pretending to admire it, "but if you live here and you work here, and you don't have a car, I thought you might enjoy a change of scenery."

Vala doesn't say anything about a change of scenery. She's seen a lot and in her downtime, she spends it in her cloaked cargo ship parked up on the roof of the diner/apartment.

Still, getting out and seeing Cam's place would be nice and would also offer her a chance to find out more about him. "Are you offering to take me tonight?"

"You want to?" He lifts an eyebrow. He hadn't really been planning anything in advance, not sure if tonight would be a replay of the night before and not wanting to get too ahead of himself and end up disappointed. "If you want to, then yeah. Hell, having you there would brighten up the scenery in my apartment for me, too."

"Then lets go--" she starts, before stopping and looking back down at her meal. "--in like ten minutes." She eats another bite of chicken fried steak and gives him an apologetic smile.

"I'd be offended if you didn't want to finish it first," he says, nudging at her before going back to his own food. He tries for another apple and finds her fork conveniently in the way. "That how it is, huh?"

He retreats a safe distance, knowing she'll need to use her fork for something else at some point.

She gives him a devastating smile and then tucks back into her fried apples and everything else. She hums happily, finishing off her plate until she's completely stuffed.

"Mm, there, very nice," she says, swiping a finger through he fried apple sauce and licking her fingers clean.

"That good, huh?" He watches her licking her fingers. When she goes back for one last taste, he grabs her hand and reroutes it to his mouth, licking the gooey sauce from her fingertip. "Hey, I didn't do too bad."

She laughs and curls her fingers around in his mouth. "Yeah, I wouldn't kick you out of the kitchen," she grins at him. "Now about this taking me home somewhere...." she trails off, beaming at him.

"Yes, ma'am," he says, giving her a wide grin. He reaches up and pushes her hair behind her ear, letting his fingertips linger. "Why don't you let me take care of these dishes... you can go get whatever you'll need for the night."

"Sounds good to me," she agrees, slipping off of her stool. She stops Cam with a hand to his uniform, pushing him back against the counter gently. She likes that he's still dressed in his uniform, its the first she's seen of it.

"You look good like that," she says quietly, looking him up and down before sliding past him and continuing out and up to her flat above the diner.

He's left with a slightly ridiculous grin as she walks away from him.

He gets the dishes into the industrial sized dishwasher. He's not entirely sure how to operate it, so he just leaves them, turning the main lights off as he walks away.

He's waiting at the bottom of the staircase when she comes down, small bag across her shoulder. He doesn't say anything, just stops her with her on the last step. She's just his height now, and it's easy to draw her in for a longer kiss. It's mostly dark, the only illumination from the dim lighting of some of the appliances, from whatever she's left on upstairs. She looks slightly wicked in the shadows, almost dangerous. It's thrilling.

"Alright then darling," she says, wrapping her arms around his neck and taking a moment before jumping into his arms. He held her up with ease and it enabled her to play with the hair on the base of his neck. "Go on, take me home."

He laughs and carries her into the main part of the diner, where he has to put her down... since she has to lock the main door. He hovers close though, hands on her waist. He notices for the first time exactly what she's wearing - leather pants, a leather jacket... he groans, pressing his mouth to her neck, sliding a hand around the sliver of stomach that's bared when she reaches up. "Leather, huh? Shouldn't be surprised."

"You like leather?" She asks, turning her head slightly to grin at him. She hasn't met a man in this galaxy that said no to leather. She unlocks the door to let them both out before shutting and locking it back up behind her. "But why don't you tell me, why shouldn't you be surprised, hm?"

"I didn't until I saw you in it," he admits, which is the absolute truth. He follows her out to his car - the sleek, restored one, the one that purrs like a kitten and burns through the miles like they're nothing on a stretch of open road. "Don't get me wrong, you look cute in that diner outfit - that's what made me want to talk to you to begin with. But you look like you were born to wear that. Like you'd chew a guy up and spit him out."

Vala beams at the description, leaning against his car and looking as if she was made for it. "You seem to like that look," she purrs, nodding down at his crotch where it is very obvious how excited he is by this. "Good to know."

He leans into her, crowding her, invading her space. He's still taller, has more bulk, and he uses it. "So that what you're planning on doing to me? Chewing me up and spitting me out?"

"More like taking my time with you. Won't be spitting you out anytime darling," Vala purrs, pulling on his belt loops until his hips are snug against her own. She rubs her hips against his, letting him get the idea.

His hands slide around to cup her ass, squeezing a little. He grins and winks at her and a split second later lifts her up effortless, depositing her onto the hood of the car. He steps into the v of her legs, her thighs bracketing his, and says, "I'm glad to hear that. You don't seem like the spitting type to me, anyway."

Somewhere out there his grandma is rolling over in his grave, because good southern boys don't talk to pretty ladies like that, but Cam's been in the military long enough that he can spot a girl who appreciates bluntness when he sees one.

Vala grabs Cam by the lapels of his coat and yanks him in, smashing their lips together. She likes banter, enjoys using it and being able to throw it back to someone but right now she's getting horny and she needs to feel his lips against her own.

She pushes her body against his, her hips jerking and rolling against his, wanting to feel his erection.

His body responds quickly and decisively, his palms going flat on the car behind her and using it for leverage, to push against her. After a minute he jerks away, forces himself back. "Vala, fuck... come on, in the car."

"Ooh fucking in the car? So soon? You really know how to show a girl a good time," she teases, taking her time sliding down from the hood of his sports car.

He’s distracted watching her move. How does she do that? His hands reach out, greedy, restraint shot to hell - almost.

"Not the car," he says, because he's got limits - he doesn't want any stains on the seats of his baby. "But getting in the car is the first step in getting to my apartment, where I've got a nice comfortable new bed we can break in."

"Oooh, new bed," she purrs, sliding into her seat and slamming the door shut. "Well why didn't you say so? I enjoy breaking in new furniture. Lead on."

He stands outside of the car for a second, grinning and adjusting himself to make the drive back home a little less uncomfortable, before gets in and starts it up. The can rumbles beautifully, minute vibrations all over, and he palms the wheel like its something much more meaningful than just leather.

Vala watches him as he drives them back to his place. The way he touches and holds the wheel, he's obviously someone who cares for a fine ship... or car as it were. Just another little piece to add to what she knows about him.

"So," he glances over at her. "Last night was... pretty good, huh?"

He tries to word it so that it isn't obvious that he doesn't remember parts of the previous night.

"Last night was very good," Vala replies, stretching herself out, making herself as long as she can. She enjoys watching as he tries to take in everything all at once and can't.

Cam glances over again, watching her legs in the leather pants. It's really a sin how good she makes them look - and he has no doubt about it, it's her body increasing the appeal of the leather, not the other way around. "Glad you think so. I don't know what you did to me, but I thought I'd wake up this morning not being able to move instead of... feeling pretty good."

"Didn't do anything really," Vala insists. She follows Cam, taking his arm in hers as he heads up a set of stairs to a door on the third floor. "Just regular old massage oil. Its amazing what it can do to the body in the right hands."

She smirks and pulls her bag closer. She's not going to admit that her oil might be slightly enhanced.

He lets her into the apartment, a hand resting on the small of her back. Despite the heated exchange earlier, by the car, now that he has her here he wants to take his time and enjoy it. "You want a beer? Since I don't have to drive home this time... or maybe the grand tour first?"

"Why don't we start the tour and grab a beer along the way?" She suggests, setting her bag down by the table. She does a quick study of the place, as much as she can see from where she stands.

"Start with the kitchen, then." He reaches back and grabs her hand, holding it loosely in his. "Casa de Mitchell, in all its glory."

Opening the fridge, he gets out two bottles and uses the opener attached to the fridge to pop the caps. He hands her one, and takes a long drink of the other. There isn't much to see in the kitchen - isn't much to see in any room, really, but he still leads her around and shows her one by one, pausing in the bedroom and wishing he'd at least manages to get his shorts into the hamper that morning.

Vala makes a mental list. Its obvious he hasn't been here in Colorado Springs long, his entire apartment barely looks lived in. There are no pictures or knick knacky things around the rooms, just sparse furniture and a few articles of clothing.

The only thing that actually looks used at all is the large television with its myriad of cords and players stacked all around it on a nice, sturdy wooden shelving unit.

He sees her looking and can't help a bit of pride. "You play video games?"

She doesn't look like the type who would to him... especially not in that leather getup.

Vala looks back to the gaming systems. She's familiar with what they are and do, but she hasn't had a particular desire to run one herself.

"Not really, no."

He snags her hand again and pulls her over to the couch. "Come on, then. Are you a first person shooter type or a role playing type..."

He leaves that question wide open on purpose.

Vala furrows her brow, looking at him as if he's speaking gibberish to her. "What?" She finally asks. "I don't know? What does first person thing mean?"

"It means you're fighting someone and the game shows in first person... here, I"ll just show you." He puts the Halo disc in and settles down on the couch while the console starts. When Vala doesn't sit immediately, he pats the seat right beside him. "Come on. Won't bite."

Taking up his challenge, Vala sits down on the sofa beside him. She watches the screen as he maneuvers through the beginning getting started phase. She keeps an eye on him and one on the screen, working to pick it up as fast as she can. "Interesting. And you can maneuver with that?" She pointed to the controller that was still in his hand.

"Yep," he holds the control up and shows her all of the buttons. "Different combination mean different actions..."

He puts it on the easiest setting, the beginner level, and gives her the control. He puts an arm around her and pulls her in to him, covering her hand with his and showing her how to work it.

Its weird, certainly not what Vala had been expecting when she told Cam to take her home. She pushes the buttons in the order that he recommends, her eyebrows raising at the amount of carnage and destruction she creates from just a few shots. If it were that easy in real life perhaps she wouldn't be stuck where she was.

It's not really what Cam was expecting either, but he's feeling nice and mellow and he likes it when she laughs like that, delighted at something blowing up. "You like this game, or you want to try another one? Got one here that's all about smuggling and stealing stuff..."

He grins, remembering her little stories.

"Oh, I think I have a handle on that," she assures him, handing him the controller to grab her beer. She downs the rest of it before setting it off to the side. Grinning hugely she begins to crawl into his lap, about to play her favourite game.

He lets the hand with the controller fall aside. He's been enjoying just a few minutes of conversation with someone that didn't want to talk about the world ending, but he's far from opposed to this. "Done playing, huh?" He mumbles it, pushing aside her hair so he can kiss her neck.

"No, I'm just getting started." Vala grins and tilts her head down to bite on his neck, worrying at the skin with her teeth. Her legs straddle his lap as she begins to move ever so subtly on top of him.

He thumbs the power off on the controller and lets go of it completely. He hears it tumble to the ground and he grabs her, shifting her like she weighs nothing and ending with her back on the couch, his torso braced above her. Her eyes go wide and dark and her mouth falls open in a smile. She likes that - a little show of power, a little force. He likes it, too. He cups her cheek and leans in to kiss her.

Her mouth opens easily to his, lips moving and sliding against each other as her tongue slips out to tease his. Vala wraps a long leg around Cam's waist to pull him in closer; she's holding on to his shirt with her fists.

The leather under his fingertips is a new thing for him. It's smooth and supple, well worn but gleaming and butter soft. He leans down and his nose brushes a strap. He darts his tongue out to taste it, comparing it to the salt of her skin, comparing everything. It smells heady... thick and musky, but tempered by the scent of her. He palms down her thigh where it's lifted against his waist and back to her ass, so perfect in the leather.

"Enjoying yourself?" She grins down at him and rides up higher in his lap. She can move better now, can push down further and feel him closer to her. "I've always found leather to be a very sensual fabric, very soft and warms from the body."

"I'm noticing," he says, bending one arm so he's closer to her, bracing himself on his forearm. "You wear leather a lot, huh?"

His fingers find the edge of her top and slide underneath to the brush across the smooth skin of her stomach.

"I might. You like it?" She takes his hand in hers and moves it over to the tab on the zipper of her jacket. Helping him along, they both slowly pull down, the zipper coming undone and her jacket parting to reveal a small silk camisole underneath.

Vala didn't bother to really wear much over to Cam's place, she had figured most of it would be coming off quickly anyways.

He pushes the jacket off of her shoulders, letting her sit up enough to get it off and dropping it onto the floor. It falls on top of the abandoned game controller, and while he's up Cam decides maybe his BDU top needs to come off as well. He looks down as he undoes the buttons, his fingers moving quickly and cleverly to pop each one out of the hole. Who designed these things with so many buttons, anyway?

Vala watches; she likes to watch. Reaching out, she runs her hands up his chest, over the wifebeater he has on underneath. She can see that little bit of chest hair peeking up through the top, teasing and taunting her. Leaning in, she bites it, tugging on the hair with her teeth.

He breathes heavier when she touches him, looking down at her fingers on his skin. When she leans in and uses her teeth instead, he has to bite back a groan. His fingers go to her hair, close to her head, cupping it. When she tugs on his chest hair it makes his cock jerk. He reaches down with his other hand and gropes himself through his pants, a quick squeeze to alleviate the growing throbbing.

"Oh, very nice," she praises, looking down and watching as Cam grabs himself. "I think its time those came off though and let me see a bit more." Her hands go straight to his pants, fingers curling around the waistband.

"Yeah," he says, not about to argue with that kind of request. He tries to move her hands but she just smirks and starts to undo them. There's a brief tangle of limbs and then he's pulling his wifebeater over his head and his pants hang loose on his hips and they're quickly outgrowing this couch.

The bruises across his abdomen are still there - light, like they've had days to heal, but an uncomfortable reminder of his attempt at swordfighting.

Vala looks down at the bruises and gently brushes the pads of her fingertips over them. "Go lay down on the bed," she instructs, sliding off of his lap to stand next to the couch. "I'm going to make you feel very good."

She leans down and pulls Cam into a kiss before leaving him to go and find her bag.