The Kiss on the Beach (mf oral) by Foxbat


Disclaimer: This story contains graphic sex should not be
read if such stories are illegal in your state, or if you are a minor.

Please feel free to distribute this, on the condition that the
disclaimer and author's name remain intact and unaltered.

For previous parts, or other stories of mine, please check out
http://assm.asstr.org.

You can search by title or author, or just browse.  Happy reading.

Thanks to ASSTR, I also have a website at
http://www.asstr.org/~foxbat/ where you can find all of my work.  This
is also available via ftp at ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/foxbat/


Feedback, comments, suggestions, etc are always welcomed and
appreciated at foxbat00@gmail.com



The Kiss on the Beach (mf oral) by Foxbat






   I stood there on the beach, watching the moonlight sparkle off the water brilliant, but mostly watching Trina.  It was low tide, and she was standing further out than I was, to the point where the black water was just breaking over her tall pink flip-flops as the waves gently rolled in.  She was wearing a pair of dark jeans, streaked with remnants of paint, and a brown t-shirt with a sparkly pink horse on the front, which was probably also flecked with paint if one looked closely enough.  Trina was like that - some things mattered (paint), and some things didn't (jeans).  I liked that in a woman.

   ***

   I had almost decided not to come.  Commencement was over, and I had a lot of packing to do before I left for my summer job on the other side of the country.  The preceding days had been hot and humid and high stress.  I was worn out, mentally and physically, and making my life significantly more complicated was something I wasn't sure I was ready to do.

   I had been dating this other girl, Abby for almost a year and a half, and, while I was not quite ready to break up with her, things had not been going well.  We had both been busy, and there was little time to see each other, which meant that the time we did have was mostly spend having sex.  And that is always a bad sign.

   Abbey was the complete opposite of Trina.  Abbey was tall, blond, Midwestern, and an athlete in every way.  There wasn't an ounce of fat on her, but she was a broad-shouldered polish girl with small breasts and lots of muscle.  I was her first serious boyfriend, and had wound up as such as much because I was lonely and depressed as because I was attracted to her.  Things changed though in the year and a half, and I would have been lying to say that I did not find her attractive in her own way.  She was pretty, not particularly outgoing, and compulsively planned everything in a way that drove me nuts.  While she had become a sexual girl, she did not start out that way, and her sense of what constituted sexy was still horrendously underdeveloped.

   Trina was different.  First, she was hot.  She was a short New York jewish girl, under 5 feet, with great boobs that were bigger than Abbey's, and a nicely rounded ass, which, despite the fact that I generally preferred slim-hipped girls, I found incredibly attractive.  She was loud, chain-smoking and foul-mouthed in a way that was inexplicably sexy.   She had style.  She was an incredibly talented artist, and equally knowledgeable in history, philosophy and politics.  She had been dating a real pretty boy for nearly as long as I had been with Abbey, but he had just graduated, leaving her a free woman.

   Trina and I had been flirty heavily for the last few weeks, although, for as long as I've known her, I can always remember an element of flirtation present.  So when she pressed me to join the group of 6 or 7 of our friends who were headed to a guy's place on the New Hampshire coast for the weekend, I knew that this would be the end of the delicate dance, we'd both been doing for the last few weeks.  We'd spent all day flirting with each other, only to go home and fuck our brains out with our respective significant others, before coming back to party together.  

   I really agonized over whether or not I should go, since going almost directly translated into cheating on Abbey with Trina.  I had always counted fidelity as one of my greatest attributes, and so this was no light decision.  In the end, I decided that I would be kicking myself forever if I didn't go.  It would be like the time the girl I'd had a crush on for 2 years came over to offer me one of the cookies she was eating after middle-school, and I'd said no because I wasn't hungry.

  So I'd driven the 3 hours up, and this was my chance.  Everyone else was back sitting on the boulders that constituted the shore a little further down.  I knew that this opportunity wouldn't last forever - the water was cold, and Trina would eventually wonder back to the group if I didn't provide a good enough reason not to.  This thought caused enough adrenaline to enter my system that my heart rate must have doubled.  

   I'd kissed other girls before, but Ashley was the first one I'd ever really kissed myself (as opposed to having been kissed by) and that had been something of a disaster.  I watched Trina standing there against the backdrop of the black sky and black ocean streaked with shards of moonlight.  I thanked the powers that be for giving me such a good opportunity.

   The acute moral crisis from which I'd been suffering all day was suddenly abated by my overwhelming desire for Trina.  With my heart pumping like I'd just run marathon, I swallowed and walked over to where Trina stood.  

   I don't recall if any words were said, or how exactly things progressed, but the next thing I remember, I was leaning down to kiss Trina's upturned face.  Electric shocks sparked though my body as our lips touched.  We clung to each other in the moonlight, as I delicately explored her mouth with my tongue.  Her mouth, her lips, her tongue were all tiny compared to what I had become used to.  I ran my hand through her dark hair and across her back, as she dropped away from the kiss.  I realized she'd been standing on tip-toes the whole time.  

   I bent over further, and we kissed again.  She pressed her face against mine, and I felt her small tongue dart into my mouth for a second before she pulled back, only to repeat.  Even the way she kissed in small installments was unspeakably sexy and exciting.  The next time I kissed Ashley, I was left with the impression I was frenching a horse.  

   Eventually, Trina and I broke the kiss for real.  I opened my eyes to see LUST writ large across her little face, before she opened her eyes.  We stood there for a while more, hugging each other against the cold night air before returning to the shore and the others.

   ***

   Everyone had gone back to the house, and we were half-way through a movie before my heart had slowed down. 

   I had done it - I had kissed Trina.  And I felt great.  I was on top of the world. 

   Trina had come over to sit on my lap during the movie, so we got to snuggle.  My mind was still in shock from the fact that I had already kissed her, and was valiantly resisting the temptation to fall in love with her.

   Eventually the movie ended, and it was time for bed.  Everyone trudged up the stairs and picked out bedrooms in the huge house.  I selected one on the second floor with a single bed, and put my stuff down.  After stripping into boxers and a T shirt, I hit the bathroom to brush my teeth.  

   I walked back down the hall to the room I was sleeping in.  When I walked in through the door, I noticed someone else's stuff on the floor next to mine, and I was about half-way through asking myself whose it might be when Trina jumped me, kissing me ferociously.

   We stumbled awkwardly over to the bed, half-falling, half-sitting on it.  I let my hands roam over her body, feeling her incredibly small waist, her tiny neck, her soft skin.  Soon, our shirts and her bra found their way to the floor.  

   I ran my hands over Trina's breasts.  They were firm to the point of being hard, crowned with tiny dark nipples which now stood out proudly in the cold air of the dark bedroom as my thumbs massaged them.  

  We continued to kiss; the short almost staccato kisses made me want to hold her down so I could tongue her properly without her pulling away to tease me.  Her eyes were half shut, and the look of abject lust had reappeared across her face.  Grabbing her, I rolled us both, so that I was now on top.  I moved my knee gently into her crotch, as I now kissed her back, and played with her breasts.  

   The next thing I knew, I was hyperventilating as little hands fiddled with my belt.  I was hard as a rock, and had been for most of the night.  Rolling on to my back, I helped her remove my pants.  Kneeling between my legs, she wrapped her hot little hand around my cock.  

   I've never been much of a blowjob guy; in fact, I've never orgasmed from it.  But that night was the closest I've ever come.  Seeing her on her hands and knees, my cock in her mouth, her eyes looking back up at me, her breasts hanging down, her legs apart, feeling the heat of her mouth on my cock, the sensation of her tongue, one hand grasping the base of my cock, the other hand holding my balls, is a memory I will never forget.  

   Eventually, pained, I told her that I wasn't going to come, and that she could stop.  I offered to reciprocate however, and she accepted.

   It was now my turn to peel her pants off.  Her pink thong was completely soaked.  I leaned back up to kiss her, and worked my way down her front, sucking on each nipple for a minute or so before trailing wet kisses down past her belly button.  I pressed my finger into the dampness of her panties, which quickly became wetness as the flimsy band of cloth disappeared into the swamp that was her pussy.

   I've seen my fair share of pussies, but I have never seen one like this.  The first thing that comes to mind is one of those pears, which, when they are in season and a little past ripe, burst with juice once you bite in.  It runs down your chin, gets all over your hands.  Its like the inside was pressurized or something.  Trina's pussy was like that - big lips which stood out sharply from the dark curly hair the way two mountain ridges might rise out of a tropical rainforest.  

   I stripped her panties off quickly, and pushed my face into her warm wet folds.  Trying to find her clit with my tongue, I let a finger snake in.  It was swallowed easily by her hole, so I added a second without a problem, as I finally homed in on my target.  

   I finger fucked her, as I traced little circles around her clit, occasionally breaking the rhythm to lap at her slit from bottom to top, letting my tongue run rough over everything, to the accompaniment of much moaning.  

  I went on in that fashion until she pulled me back up to kiss again, smearing her juices all over both of our faces.  Eventually, we fell asleep in each other's arms.


   ***

   We didn't have sex that night.  Neither of us even got off.  But it was by far one of the hottest nights I've ever had.  The next day I left, and, a week later, I was on the other side of the country.  Things didn't work out so well the next fall.  But neither of us has given up hope.







-----------


Hope you enjoyed it.  As always, I love to hear what you're thinking.

Best,
Foxbat 
(foxbat00@gmail.com)


