                                     The Pickup
                                     Lust 4 Life

Just a pick-up at a bar. MF

Story

They both knew and wanted what was about to happen. Earlier that evening, in their 
separate apartments, each had decided to go out looking for some fun, hoping to pick-up 
a fun playmate for the evening. Each had showered and gotten dressed and headed out. 
The place was known as something of a local pick-up joint and when they arrived, there 
were a good number of people but at the same time it was not overcrowded. They each 
ordered drinks and took their time sizing the crowd up. There were some obvious couples 
they ruled out and a few women that for various reasons he ruled out and a number of 
men which she ruled out. But before long they found each other and were soon sharing 
drinks, talking and then dancing. They were both horny, both consciously looking for a 
potential partner for the evening and before long one of them suggested they go 
someplace quieter.

They ended up back at her apartment, kissing passionately, tongues probing each others 
mouths and then his hands were roaming, over her butt, pulling her to him where she 
could feel the bulge in his pants, then up to her breasts, massaging and squeezing. As she 
felt his bulge she ground her crotch against him, letting him know she felt it and liked it. 
They broke and clothes began to fly as she led him to her bedroom. And now they were 
both naked, tumbling into bed.

His hands were all over her, squeezing her breasts, then sliding down running along her 
pussy lips while his mouth lowered to one of her nipples, sucking, licking. Her hand 
gripped his swelling tube of cock flesh, squeezing it, stroking it, then cupping his testicles 
and then back to his growing erection. She bent over and briefly licked it, tonguing the 
slit on the tip while his fingers continued to work her cunt and now puffy, opened pussy 
lips, occasionally sliding inside her moist pussy and then up to rub her clitoris. His cock 
was now rock hard, standing straight out, ready to fuck, ready for her pussy. Her pussy 
was wet, juicy, and open, ready to take his cock inside. They both wanted to fuck, they 
needed to fuck.

She slid under him, on her back while holding his throbbing penis and bringing the head 
to the entrance to her vagina where she rubbed it up and down, lubricating it in her juices. 
Fuck me! Fuck me with that hard cock she said. Ill fuck you! Ill fuck you till you 
scream he said and then he pressed forward, his cock sliding into her, separating her 
vaginal walls as he burrowed deeper and deeper inside her into his balls nestled against 
her ass. Oh shit that feels good she cried. Oh god, your pussy is so tight, Im gonna fill 
you good!

With that he began moving, thrusting into her. His body was alive with the joy of a good 
fuck. She felt so full but she needed more. She pulled her legs up and back and urged him 
on, Oh yes! Do it! Fuck me! Oh god what a fucker you are! They lurched against each 
other, thrusting, groaning in pleasure, his cock driving back and forth in her tight pussy. 
Her pussy was overflowing, juices running down her ass as they screwed. They could not 
keep up this pace, he had to cum, she had to cum. They felt each other tensing, his cock 
swelling, her pussy quivering and then her body was convulsing in orgasm, shaking, her 
pussy clenching his cock so hard it almost hurt as she pushed up hard against him to get 
him as deeply inside her as possible as she cried out in ecstasy, Oh, shit! Oh fuck! Oh 
my god! So good! And then he groaned, Im cumming! and his cock gave a massive 
pulse as it shot the first burst of semen deep inside her. Oh yes! Give it to me! she 
cried. He ground against her as his cock pumped spurt after spurt of sperm from his balls 
into her waiting pussy. Oh I can feel it inside me! So good! Its like white fire inside my 
pussy she cried as his cock continued to pulse and throb as it poured out his cum. Oh 
take it! Take it all he cried.

Finally he collapsed on top of her, his dick still buried deep inside, giving an occasional 
additional twitch and pushing a final few drops of semen out the end. After resting, they 
screwed once more before he gathered his clothes, got dressed, and left, leaving her with 
tingles running through her body, a slightly sore pussy, and a huge wet spot on the bed 
from their combined sex juices.

