
"Freshman Orientation" (ff, Mff, con)

by Pan (c) 2000

07/26/2000

I was going to be a freshman at college and my name was Sasha.  I 
cam from some pretty rough streets in New York City, and I always 
seemed to hang out with the older crowd more than with my peers.  I 
guess that's why I liked my freshman year orientation group leader 
so much.  He was nice, and was so much older than the anxious boys 
in the freshman class.  He had dark hair and dark eyes, and was so 
tall.  Handsome could not begin to describe him, but what was I?  A 
lowly freshman.  I was cute, or so I had been told.  I had long 
brown hair, a pretty nice body with large ample breasts.  My long 
legs wore stretch pants pretty well.  The boys my age all seemed to 
like me.  But I was sure he had plenty of choices among the upper-
class girls.

I spent the entire day following him around campus, but then again, 
so did everyone else.  He showed us around, named all the 
buildings, told us what we needed to know to register for classes, 
he joked with us, and was just down right a blast to be with.  I 
probably couldn't recite an important fact about the buildings and 
registration at this point.  I was focused on him, and I couldn't 
seem to focus on silly things like academics.

He made me burn just by thinking about him.  I was wearing my silk 
green robe; it was the most comfortable thing to sleep in.  It came 
only to mid-thigh, giving my legs plenty of opportunity to rub 
against each other.  They did while I was thinking about him, and I 
became moist between my legs.  I could even feel my breath get 
deeper.  I've had two lovers, but none of them were all that good, 
and they had been while I was in my early teens. It would be great 
with my orientation leader, I'm sure.  I sighed wistfully then.  
But he still didn't want me.

Just then the door to the dorm room opened, and I jumped in 
surprise, as if someone could see my thoughts by just walking in.  
It was my roommate Lenora.  I had just met her that day, but each 
freshman had a roommate during orientation weekend.  It was suppose 
to let us get to know our classmates.  She was nice enough.  She 
was from the suburbs outside the City.  Suburb girls sometimes get 
under my skin, because they can be a little prissy, and Lenora was 
just that.  Her father was really wealthy, and when Lee talked on 
the phone with him she pouted constantly and called him "daddy".  
God, it was annoying.  She was in her sleep cloths too, a tee-shirt 
with a cute bunny giving the finger and small red boxers.  What 
made her even a little more annoying was that she was gorgeous.  
She was a blond and had green eyes, and an empirically perfect 
body.

"Lee, you shouldn't be wandering out in the hall now," I told her.  
"It's curfew at midnight and we'll get in trouble if we're caught 
out there."

"Don't worry, I'm back.  Plus while I was out, I got a treat.  
Leon, our cool little orientation leader, was coming out of the 
shower and heading to his room at the end of the hall.  I past him 
carrying my little toothbrush and cup back to here, and guess what?  
He had only a towel on.  Man, he's hot, and even tastier looking 
slightly wet."

She giggled and plopped down on her bed.  Well, at least we agreed 
on something.  Maybe there was hope yet.

"Yeah, he is pretty hot.  I kind of wish I had a chance," I said.

"Hey, the assphalt-girl actually has a pulse.  I was kind of 
wondering about you."

"Of course I have a pulse," I laughed back at her.  "He's really 
nice."

"And it doesn't hurt that he's totally do-able too"

"Yeah yeah, he is."

"For me, I've had plenty of older guys, before, so for me, it's a 
matter if I want him or not.  This campus isn't so big; I'll run 
into him again, and if I want him, I can have him."

"Yeah, you probably could, Lee.  Tell me, what's it like to be with 
an older guy?"

"It's totally awesome, for the most part, they know what they're 
doing.  You know, if you really wanted Leon, you could get him too.   
What guy is going to refuse a girl who throws herself at him?  And 
you're pretty cute too."

"Yeah?" I asked.  Then something snapped in me.  I grabbed my 
toothbrush and cup even though I had brushed my teeth earlier, and 
I stoop up.  "You're right.  I'm going to do it."

"Do what?"

"I'm going to get him!"  I started walking to the door.

"What now?!"

"Yep, wish me luck."

And I walked out of the door.  I headed down the hallway.  Each 
freshman group was kept in their own long hallway, with the 
orientation leader positioned at the head of the hallway near the 
bathroom.  As I got closer I loosened the tie to my robe a little.  
I hung the front open just enough to show ample chest.  My stomach 
felt like it just went on the Scrambler at the carnival, and my 
pussy was starting to get wet again.  My heart started pounding 
louder and louder.  Then I felt I couldn't take it anymore.  There 
was his door, and it was open.  The light of his room spilled into 
the hallway as with his music.  I stopped right in front of the 
bathroom and I couldn't place my foot forward anymore.  I imagined 
him touching my body, but then I also imagined him laughing at me.  
When I couldn't take it anymore, so I ducked into the bathroom.

There I panted till I was calm again.  Resting against the side of 
the wall I checked my sweating forehead and arranged my long brown 
hair again.  I looked at myself in the mirror and laughed.  I 
closed my robe a little more again and brushed my teeth; for the 
second time tonight.  When I was finished I left the bathroom 
pointing my feet to return to my room.  I thought how silly Lenora 
would think of me, but Lenora was there.  She was creeping up to 
Leon's open door.

I smiled and moved towards her from behind.  I was about to tap her 
on the shoulder and tell her that she didn't have to worry, I came 
to my senses and didn't do anything, when I saw her fix her hair 
and pull down her little baby t-shirt so that it clung perfectly to 
her perky seventeen year old breasts.  She was going to do what I 
was going to do!  I grabbed her by the shoulder and spun her 
around.

"What do you think you're doing?!" I whispered at her.

"What obviously you didn't have the guts to do!" She said quietly 
back.

"Why you little backstabbing viper-bitch."   I reached and grabbed 
her by the hair.  She yelped a little as we wrestled for position.  
Soon there was a voice from behind us.

"What are you two doing?"  It was Leon.  He stood at his door in 
boxers and an unbuttoned short sleeve shirt.  His muscles were 
finely chiseled on his chest.  I let go and Lenora backed off too.  
I had to think fast, and move before Lenora did.

"Lenora was trying to sneak off campus." I said.

"I was not.  Leon, I was just coming by to brush my teeth," she 
said.

"But you just brushed your teeth.  I walked by you earlier."

"See," I pointed to Lenora.  "She's up to no good."

"Look, it's after midnight, both of you get back to your room."

"Fine, you go first, Sasha, I need to ask Leon something."

"Oh no you don't, we're going back together."  I couldn't believe 
it, she was still trying to get him.

"Security is due to come by any minute.  Both of you, get in my 
room, and we'll work it out there."

Lenora took the opportunity and almost sprinted into his room.  I 
couldn't let her go, so I went in right after her.  Behind us, Leon 
closed the door.  He was just playing his music and reading when he 
must have heard our scuffle.

"Okay, you two, out with it," he said.

"I was just wondering, Leon, if you wanted any company tonight," 
Lenora said and immediately turned beat red.  She was embarrassed 
by it.  She didn't look like someone who had slept with plenty of 
older guys.  Leon sighed and looked at her.

"Look, Lee, I'm flattered, and you're a really great looking girl, 
but this not an appropriate situation for that."

Lee was immediately defeated, she turned an even darker shade of 
red and looked down.

"And what about you, Sasha?  Tell me you were trying to convince 
her out of this... this... thing?"  His breath was getting a little 
shorter and there was a smile on his face he just couldn't seem to 
wipe off.  There was something different there.  His eyes kept 
scanning us up and down, and I just noticed that in the scuffle my 
robe had been slightly pulled to the side and my right braw was 
halfway showing.  On Lee, her hair was scuffled in that cute way, 
and now that she was standing there she was definitely turned on.  
Her nipples poked out on either side of that rabbit giving the 
finger on her tee shirt.

And she wasn't the only one turned on, I looked at Leon's shorts, 
and he was starting to become erect.

"Well, are you going to take your roommate back to your room?"

I had to move fast, I could still have him.  A part of him wanted 
me.  No a part of him wanted us.  That was the key.  I moved behind 
Lee and put my hand around her waist.  She looked at me in 
confusion.

"I will take her back to our room, but what you walked in on wasn't 
totally what you think.  You might not want just Lee's company 
tonight.  What if I offered you OUR company tonight?"

Then I whispered into Lee's ear, "If you want a piece of him you 
better work with me."  Fortunately she nodded her head slightly.

"Um... Sasha... Lee... this.  This is really nice of you both, 
but..."

"Come on, Leon," I said to him with my enough silk in my voice for 
a dozen pairs of pantyhose.  "Don't you want to at least watch?"

I moved my left hand up to fondle Lee's breast, and my right hand 
down to grab at her pussy through her thin boxers.  She was already 
moist with anticipation.  Lee, being very cooperative, a little 
shockingly, turned her head to me and kissed me.  It was strange 
kissing a girl, kind of like kissing your brother or sister I 
suppose.  But we did, and I think we did it very convincingly.  Lee 
reached one hand behind to hold my head and with the other she sent 
it into her boxers.  I pulled her boxers off slightly, hanging 
precariously off her hips to show that she was actually fondling 
her wet hole.  We must have been convincing, because we did this 
for almost a whole minute, and Leon could only stare at us and 
watch with lust building in his eyes.

I then led Lee to his bed, and we both climbed in.  There was no 
way a guy could force two girls out of his bed. Lee surprised me 
again and undid my braw from a snap in the front.  She opened my 
robe up and then my braw exposing my tits and hard nipples.  Laying 
me on my back she started fondling one and sucking on the other.  
She was rather clumsy at it at first, but after a few attempts she 
got it pretty good, and she started to turn me on.  Leon just 
watched us with eyes he couldn't move away.  He sat at the foot of 
the bed, but did not come near enough to touch us.

She slid between my legs and spread me out.  She moved her pelvis 
like a guys and tried to rub up against my crotch.  She missed the 
first few times, but again she picked it up pretty well, and she 
started to dry hump me like a guy would.  We were kissing each 
other mouth-to-mouth, our tongues exploring each other's oral 
cavities.  Our breast were rubbing up against each other, my 
slightly larger breasts to her perky pear shaped ones.  I grabbed 
at her ass and raised her boxers again to expose her ass, and some 
of her pussy. 

"Is it working?" she whispered to me.  I didn't know if she meant 
turning Leon on or myself.

"Yes." But both were true.

I then reached down and took Leon's hand.  I guided it underneath 
Lee's boxers and into her vagina.  I clearly heard Lee gasp as her 
face was right next to mine.  Leon worked two fingers in and out of 
Lee.  She closed her eyes in pleasure and raised her ass up to 
allow Leon's hand better penetration.  With Lee a little raised 
above me, I moved my hand underneath her, and went down her boxers.  
There I had one of my fingers join Leon's finger in exploration of 
Lee's pussy.  I worked the area around her clit as Leon plunged 
deep inside her.  She started quietly moaning in ecstasy.

We worked Lee for a couple of minutes.  I sensed when she might be 
beginning to come and I held his hand to slow down then to stop all 
together.  Lee rolled to me left and laid against on my left 
shoulder panting into my neck.  Then Leon moved over us both and 
opened my robe a little more to fully expose my breasts.  He 
touched my face first, and then kissed me deeply.  It was 
wonderful.  His tongue gently prodded against my teeth and then 
deeper into my mouth.  Our tongues met and his danced teasingly 
around mine.

He then laid down on my right side and started kissing Lee who was 
on my left.  They frenched for a little above me, and I watched.  I 
steeled myself to be patient and wait for my turn, but I was 
surprised to feel his hand on my panties.  Strong fingers pulled 
them down and my legs pulled them off.  I spread my legs wide as he 
and Lee continued to kiss over me.  Then I felt his strong finger 
thrust inside my wet vagina.

We continued this way for a while and wriggled underneath them 
because of his thrusting hands.  He knew exactly how to touch an 
inside of a girl, and my hole was dancing at every twitch of his 
fingers.  Lee took off her baby-tee and laid next to me, and his 
head hovered over us suckling on all four of our teats.  He then 
moved topless Lee down until her head rested between my legs.  She 
realized what he wanted, and so did I to my shock, but without 
hesitation she started to immediately eat out my pussy.  Her hot 
tongue was soft and very active.  He held her head gently and 
started giving directions.

"Play with her clit first.  Move slowly around it.  Don't give it 
too much direct contact, just slide your tongue along the side."  
He had done this before, and done it well, because Lee was getting 
it down pretty well, and it felt great.

"Now stick your tongue out as far as you can, see if you can 
penetrate her hole," he directed, and Lee followed.  I groaned in 
pleasure.  He started to direct Lee faster, and she was the perfect 
instrument in his hand.  My body was tingling all over because of 
Lee's hard working tongue.  Then I felt I was about to come.  I 
wanted to come.  I didn't want Lee to stop, but Leon knew.  He 
purposely slowed Lee down, and my body reluctantly slowed down.  I 
sat there and panted as Leon kissed my neck.

Soon he rolled to his back, still on my right and started to sigh.  
Looking down Lee was taking off his boxers and his shaft stood 
straight and tall like a flagpole.  Lee took his boxers off and 
started to stroke him.  I then moved down to his crotch with Lee, 
and kissed his hips and the area right around his dick.  She 
started kissing the side of his shaft, and I did the same on the 
other.  She placed his dick in her mouth first and pumped down 
twice and then took her head off.  I then did the same.  We started 
switching off, pumping a few times, kissing crotch, Lee would suck 
on his balls occasionally.   Precum slicked his head, and the taste 
was strong in my mouth.

When I sensed he was about to come, I made both Lee and I back off.  
We both cuddled into either side of his shoulder and started 
another round of alternating deep kissing.  Our hands moved to 
slowly caress his penis, letting him come back from climax, but 
keeping it occupied at the same time.  I also played with Lee pussy 
to keep her warm and moist, and she did the same for me.

Leon then got up and pulled Lee's panties off.  He scooted on top 
of her, and spread her legs wide.

"Sasha, get on your hands and knees above her," he told me, and I 
was about to comply when Lee spoke.

"Guys, this is my first time," she said.  I wasn't too surprised 
but she looked worried.  "I want it, Leon, but please don't let it 
hurt too much."

I put her head under my arm to reassure her. "Don't worry, it'll be 
good," I said.

"Don't worry Lee.  Sasha, let's take care of Lee first."  I nodded 
in agreement.  I held Lee close as Leon settled between her legs.  
He took his head and played with her pussy.  She was wet, and 
probably as expanded as she was going to get.  He placed his head 
in her hole and she grimaced in pain.  But unlike a normal guy, he 
didn't immediately thrust inside.  He worked his head out a little 
and then back in no further than as far as he already had 
proceeded.  He had done this before.  He was experienced, and with 
virgins.  Guess I should not have been too surprised.  Lee's 
grimace of pain became sighs of pleasure.  I cupped her perky 
breast and massaged it a little.  Leon then slowly slid his shaft 
the rest of the way into Lee.  She gasped as Leon hit the bottom of 
Lee's hole.  Leon then started thrusting ever so slowly and gently 
into Lee.  She arced her back and he held one long and slender leg 
high over his hip.  He was rhythmic, and controlled, not like the 
boys I had slept with as a younger teenager. He took off his shirt 
and his well-muscled naked body was in total command over Lee's 
body.

I could see his shaft enter and exit her pussy drenched in her 
juices.  He moved with the precision of a machine, and I couldn't 
wait till he gave me the same treatment.  All of the pain was gone 
from Lee's face now, and she only glowed with the heat of her 
passion.  With a touch here and a leg placed just right, he had her 
arced a position for maximum penetration.  I slowly traced my hand 
down his large back as he continued to drive at increasing speeds 
into Lee's delicate blond pussy.

Lee then pulled him tight against her, impaling herself as far as 
possible onto his cock, but with such force as to make him slow 
down.  He fought against her and continued to drive into her, and 
she was perfectly silent holding her breath.  One moment her mouth 
was wide open and quiet, then the next she exhaled her entire lung 
capacity and moaned at a very low pitch.

He pumped her a few more slow times, and she panted wearily with a 
large smile across her face.  Satiated was the new state of her 
being.  When he withdrew he was still fully erect.  He had not come 
yet, and he looked at me next.

"Are you ready for your turn, frosh?"

"Yes, sir, orientation leader.  I'm ready to do whatever you say," 
I said.

"Sixty nine yourself on top of Lee.  Don't lick Lee, she's all 
done."  I followed my instructions and straddled myself over Lee.  
At the foot of the bed my head was lined right over her blond 
crotch.  Her juices moistened the entire area around her very erect 
lips and clit.  I wanted so much for Leon to do the same to me. I 
felt his hand them on the small of my back and my butt cheek as he 
moved into position behind me.  I raised my ass up high and spread 
my knees apart to expose my freshman vagina to him.  

"Is this your first time too, Sasha?  Would you like me to take it 
as gentle as possible."

"No, sir.  Take me wherever you want to take me.  You know best, 
sir."  I grinned back at him and he smiled back in return.  
Immediately I felt him slide into my hole.  He was larger than any 
boy who penetrated me, and I was filled up all the way as he probed 
my internals.  I gave a high-pitched moan upon entry and he 
immediately began to work my cunt over.

"Lee, start tonguing her clit."  I did not see Lee's reaction, but 
I felt her tongue start sliding around my clit.  The speed and 
force of his thrusts were pushing me forward, and my small frame 
could not hold him back.  He then leaned over me and moved my head 
further down so that my elbows rested on the bed between Lee's 
legs.  Lee's crotch was in my face and he tapped my head so I 
started to slowly lick it.  He also placed my hands at the foot of 
the bed were there was a small piece of wooden frame.  There I had 
enough support to steady my rear for his driving force.  As he 
pounded me with a steady, forceful rhythm, his hands moved and 
cupped both of my tits.  He squeezed tightly and I moaned in pain 
and pleasure.

"Faster, Lee," I heard him say, and Lee increased the speed of her 
mouth on my pussy.  We continued on for I don't know how long, and 
then all of it became too much for me.  I let out a similar low 
moan and had to stop the pleasure, which was filling both my 
insides and my head all at the same time.  I dove forward trying to 
remove myself off of his instrument, but he followed me holding my 
hips as we collapse on time of Lee's legs.  With my chest on the 
foot of the bed, and my face hanging off the bed, Leon continued to 
drive into me and I would have screamed in pleasure, but Leon 
cupped my mouth just in time.

He was thrusting slowly, and my body was convulsing in pleasure.  
It was so much pleasure that I struggled to get off, but I didn't 
want to get off.  He grabbed hard my conflicted body and pinned me 
to the bed face down as he continued to pump me.  I whimpered and 
tried to struggle from the intense pleasure , but could only wiggle 
my ass a little as he rocked deep into me.  Each time my hole 
flexed tighter around his cock in orgasm, and soon he came too, and 
his semen spilled into me.  In response my pussy tightened even 
more around his cock, and I whimpered from behind his hand cupped 
on my mouth.  Finally his body stopped moving, and we remained a 
moment with his shaft still burning inside me.  Slowly he withdrew 
from me, and while my face had a huge grin nailed across it.

He would bring Lee to climax one more time that night, mostly 
because she said that her virginal insides were too soar to do it 
again.  I on the other hand enjoyed Leon four more times all by 
myself.  I was ready for more, but Leon had to stop after that, 
apologizing like the gentleman he was.  I hardly could fault him, 
he had done a good job altogether speaking.  At around five in the 
morning Leon snuck us both back to our rooms, and we slept a few 
brief hours before we had to get up and go home.  We were tired, 
and both of our parents wondered what from, but we were happy and 
of course did not say anything.

When Lee and I got back to campus were became fast friends.  I 
teased her at her lying about having experience with older men, and 
she teased me about how much of a nympho I was.  It was good.  And 
of course, we saw Leon again.  The both of us.  Together.  He did 
not get much work done during our freshman year at college.
