Worst
by bgaius33

worst camp trip ever

Grade nine camp trip. I was 15 at the time and a c cup. We were going for three nights. On the way there I just wore pajama pants with no panties or thong. There was a 4 hour bus ride so I wanted to be comfy. But I had forgot to bring some for the rest if the week. The cabin there had the guys and girls rooms right beside each other. And the bottoms I brought were loose fitting sweats, some mini skirts and a pair of shorts. When we got there I went to change into shorts. So I took of my pants standing there bottom less. My roommate left the door open and two guys were walking by and saw my ass when I was bending over. When I turned around they both got a Nice look at my shaved vagina before I could cover up. They walked off laughing. So I quickly put on my shorts. When we were waiting for lunch I was talking with a group of guys and my friend pantsed my exposing my vagina to all of them.

The afternoon and dinner was fine. But after dinner we went swimming. The bikini I brought was yellow. The top was strappless and tied in the back and my bottoms tied on the side. The pool was across a field. So I wore my bikini there and brought a towel. The guys and girls changrooms were right across from each other. And if you looked straight down the door you see into the other changroom. So I got in the pool. You had to swim laps to go in the deep end. After I swam my laps I pushed myself out of the pool and my top slid down exposing my breasts to a bunch of people. I didn't even realize at first. Everyone saw my breasts. After we were in the shallow end standing around talking. Without me knowing a guy came up and untied my bikini bottom. The group of us walked out towards the hot tub. I didnt even realize until halfway there. I just pretended like nothing was wrong and kept walking. When we were in the hot tub we started playing a dare only truth or dare. So the first girl had to take off her bottom show us and put it back on. The next girl had to do the same with her top. Then one girls had to touch the closest wall with her bottom down exposing her ass. Then one girl did it with her boobs hanging out. They weren't out of the water for more than 5 seconds. My turn I had to go bottomless 30 feet to the wall across from the hot tub. One girl had to go in the water. Give us her top and bottom. And swim one lap. Then I was dared to walk around the pool naked and not cover anything. When I was walking the guy that had my bottom took my top and ran outside and put them somewhere. So I quickly got in the hot tub. I was stuck nude in a pool with 80 kids. All of my friends were laughing and none of the helped. So I walked to the changeroom nude when it was time to go. Every one saw me naked. In the changeroom my towel was missing. I quickly went to the door outside and there was a group of guys out there. I bolted across the field and they started chasing me. One of them caught up and tackled me. The started slapping my ass and playing with my tits. They let me go to my surprise. When I got back to my cabin my sweats and pjs were missing. All I was left with was skirts. So I thought I would look through a couple of the guys rooms. I looked through one and couldn't find them. When I was in the second room a group of guys came in. I quickly ran out embarrassed. Then next morning I wore a mini spandex like material skirt. At breakfast I bent down to grab something and it slid up exposing my butt and vagina. I couldn't fix it until I got to my table because I had a tray of food in my hands. I quickly fixed it and when I sat down it slid up again. People could see my ass through the hole in the back one my chair. I had archery after breakfast. Every time I shot an arrow it would slide up. Eventually I didn't care and just left it up exposing my ass and vagina. Before lunch I changed into a pleated skirt that doesn't even cover my whole ass standing. After lunch I had rockclimbing. I knew I was doomed. When I was climbing everyone was looking at my ass. It was hell. After dinner we had time to swim again. When I was in my cabin I found my bikini on my bed. With some alterations. The had cut my bottom to a thong bikini. And my top barely covers my nipples. We had a diving contest. I'm a pretty good diver so everyone expected me to go. When I took a jump on the diving board before I actually jumped my top came off. Then I did a front flip and dove in forcing my bottom off. When I got out I was completely naked. I jumped back in looking for my swimsuit. I found my top but couldn't find my bottom. So I got out to put on my top and as I was tying in a guy slapped my ass as hard as he could. It hurt some much. I fell to the ground. His hand-print lasted an hour. When I was changing I was stuck in line with the doorway and a couple guys watched because someone left our door open. When I got back to my cabin I was left with a tube top and sweats. U thought I was in luck. When I put on the sweats they had made them so they couldn't cover most of my ass or vagina. They had made the crotch higher so you could only pull them up so high. And a tube top. I was getting fed up with it. I went to go play pool. I was standing around and someone pulled down my shirt and slapped my ass. Because everyone hadn't already seen me naked. The next day I showed up to breakfast naked. I kept self hidden from the teachers and camp directors. We were playing beach volleyball that morning. When I got the there the camp director told me
To go put on clothes but I told her I couldn't find any. So we carried on. I need up going nude until a teacher caught me the next day and sent me home. My parents weren't impressed.

All and all I was turned on in the end and kinfolk of enjoyed it. All the guys will remember that trip.


Worst Spirit Week Ever

after the camping trip I thought everyone would let my naked escapades drop, since it was spirit week. Monday was pajama day so i came to school in pink sweat shorts and shirt. Some boys remembered the camping trip, so they came up behind me and pulled down my pants in front of 200 kids. they were surprised that i was wearing underwear, a pair of purple frilly panties, since i went commando that whole trip. I was so embarrassed i blushed and i quickly pulled them back up but the elastic in the pants was torn so they were really loose now. i went to the cafeteria and picked up my food tray but then my shorts fell down right as i got to the center of the cafeteria exposing my frilly panties again. i couldnt pick them up because of my tray so i left my shorts on the ground to put my food on a table but when i came back my shorts were gone and i was just standing around with my purple frills on display. I quickly pulled my shirt down as far as i could over and scurried back to my table, where anyone who looked could look over at my panty covered butt. i had to go the rest of the day in my undies.

the next day was business day. i wore my pleated maxi dress, which was a mistake since it was it was a windy day so my skirt blew up while I was waiting for the bus and everyone could see my baby blue panties. i spent the first few classes with students looking up my skirt when i wasnt paying attention. after that was a fire drill so we had to go back outside where we were back out in the wind. All the girls skirts were flying up and they all screamed as they tried to hide their panties. i was fine at first until my friend dared me to unzip the back of my dress a little. i didnt think it was a big deal but i forgot that this dress was easy to unzip on your own but hard to zip up without help and since it was unzipped, now if i held down the back to hide my butt the front would fly up past my boobs since it wasnt tight there anymore. all my friends laughed and pointed and no one helped eventually i gave up and let it fly up without trying to cover it up so everyone could see and laugh at me. 

Wednesday was literature appreciation day. the theater department would have costumes for all of us to wear once we got to school. i was late getting my costume and all the boys had left me were two pasties and a very small bright green thong with leaves on them so i could be eve. it was hell. i had to run to get to class and the pasties would fall off. id have to bend over to pick them back up so everyone could see my whole ass. i tried to ignore them but i was so embarrassed. it was even worse in gym class. the teacher do all kinds of stretches. First i had to bend down and grab my ankles, so everyone could stare at my round butt. Some boys even came up to me and spanked my butt a lot. it jiggled a lot until it was red. then I had to sit and grab my ankles and spread my legs as wide as i could. I was so exposed. the thong didnt cover anything and everyone could see my pussy lips. then i had to do pelvic lifts which was bad since my thong was very tight and stretching it out made it snap. the thong and the leaves fell off so my pussy was bared fully in an embarrassing position. I was basically fully naked for the rest of the day except for loose fitting pasties.

thursday was sports day. i decided to dress up as a cheerleader in a skirt and tube top but forgot to set an alarm so i ran out quickly to avoid being late and it turns out i forgot to put on panties and my skirt was very short. when i got to school some guy snuck up behind me and without me knowing, tucked the back of my skirt into my waistband so my entire butt was on display. everyone was staring at me and could see my pussy when i bent over. at the end of the day i heard that my grade was in the lead for points so i jumped up and cheered with my class, but that caused my boobs to bounce and popped out of my top so now everyone could see my boobs and butt. i was still oblivious for a few minutes until i saw my butt in my reflection. I quickly fixed my clothes but everyone had already seen and taken photos of me. i was humiliated beyond belief. While I was waiting for the bus home someone came up behind me and lifted my skirt up and pulled down my top. i was annoyed since i basically spent the whole day with my butt and pussy out, so I pulled my own skirt down and threw it at them since they wanted to see me naked so much

friday was class colors day. My grade was white so I decided screw it and went to school completely naked. everyone was shocked but loved staring at my boobs and pussy so they hid me from the teachers. i kept my legs spreads when i sat so everyone could see my pussy and anyone who wanted to take pictures with me, i let them. I managed to go the whole day nude with everyone but the teachers seeing me. Then at the end of the day the entire school got together to announce the winner of spirit week and my grade won. my class picked me to go up and accept the award on their behalf and all the camera flashes and cell phones recording me made me remember how naked and exposed I was. I was even all over the jumbotron so even the people in the back could see right at me pussy. and the principle asked me where my clothes were. i said i didnt wear any today. he sent me home with detention all next week. i didnt care much, though it was humiliating beyond belief knowing the jumbotron videos were recorded and put onto facebook where everyone could see me even outside of school. needless to say, everyone would remember that week.


worst sports week ever

For my punishment after spirit week, the principal thought I would "build character" and "get over my slutty habits" by participating in all the different sports during the week and that if I couldn't get my act together that I'd be given more punishments. All the students heard about this though and thought it'd be funny to mess with me like they did the last few weeks. The first day was basketball. They left alterations to my basketball uniform. The shorts were little more than booty shorts with the crotch made high so the top third of my butt and pussy were showing and the jersey was cut short to be a loose fitting sports bra. The game was fine even if I was showing my goods off until another girl knocked into me and pulled my top down so everyone could see my breasts and I got to do free throws. I was so frazzled I forgot to pull my jersey back up. When I made the first throw, the elastic on my shorts broke and I felt my pants come right off me so I was left in a bright yellow g string. This threw me off and I missed the shot and for losing the game, the girls found me in the locker room, stripped me naked and tied me to the wall of the boys locker room showers. Then they took one of the shower heads, set it to pulse quickly and tied it right between my legs so it pulsed right on my pussy. The boys had a field day when they saw me naked, wet and almost cumming. i was so embarrassed i could have died. 

The next day was track day. My uniform was just a bright yellow sports bra and bloomers that were two sizes too small so I had a very noticeable camel toe. I had to do the 100 yard dash. As I lined up to run, someone came up behind me and gave me a massive wedgie right before the race started. I couldn't fix it without losing too much time on the race so I had to run. It looked like I was wearing a thong with the bloomers wedgied right up my ass and everyone could see my butt jiggle. It was too tight it even rubbed up against my pussy which was uncomfortable but made me feel very hot. I only came in second place and because I lost they took my clothes and had to go the rest of the day in my wedgied bloomers and tight sports bra. If i tried to take it off someone would come up behind me and give me an atomic wedgie, which rubbed my pussy even more so I eventually had to give up and left my wedgie over my head. 

Wednesday was tennis day. I had to wear a white tank top and a white tennis skirt. I thought they were supposed to have shorts to go with the skirt on under the skirt but apparently some boys came in and stole the shorts I was supposed to have so they didn't have any for me. I had to go out in my baby blue thong. It was bad. it flipped up every time i hit the ball and it was hot out so my tank top became translucent with sweat so my tits were visible. My opponents were really good and they kept hitting it to the edge of the court. Near the end I had to keep diving to get the ball, which ended with me face down on my face and my butt in the air, skirt around my waist. They kept cheering for me even though I kept missing. When i finished, i was really sweaty so when a cool breeze came through i stood out in the court so cool off. Everyone cheered and I thought they were congratulating me for my game but they were also laughing and my butt felt cold. I looked behind me and saw my thong on the court. It looked like the last time I dove I slid and it came right off me. so my skirt was now flying up and my pussy was exposed. because i lost again i had to put my thong back on and let the tennis team wedgie me. They even gave me an atomic wedgie again and were told I couldn't remove my thong from my head all day. I was very embarrassed and it hurt all day, even though it rubbed me just right on my pussy.

The next day was wrestling. I knew I was doomed. I was pinned all the time and the wrestling team loved to humiliate me. they'd pin me with my legs spread wide or hold me facing the audience with my boobs pulled tight against my leotard. then they'd make sure that once i couldn't move they'd strip me and make it look like an accident. The first girl stretched my top out so my tits popped out and she started playing with them so my nipples got hard. and the next girl pinned me on my stomach with my legs spread, so she grabbed the back of my leotard and pulled it up hard and wedgied me again. it hurt a bunch but it also rubbed on my pussy and I secretly came a little in my leotard. she even stuck a finger in my butt so I squealed as I lost. Then the next girl grappled me so I was sitting spread eagle and pulled my leotard to the side so only the students could see my vagina and even slapped it a few times and laughed that her hand came back wet. The last girl crawled over me and managed to get my leotard off me entirely so I was completely naked and pinned me by getting tied up in the wrestling ropes so my legs were behind my head and my wrists tied out to the side. I was entirely nude again and everyone laughed at me. she came up behind me and started rubbing my pussy and I got really wet and I came hard for the audience. The teacher saw me naked was angry at me and thought I was acting out again and acting slutty. I was given detention again completely naked 

Friday was cheerleader day. Oh joy. The cheerleaders told me that they only had one outfit and it was two sizes two small for me. I struggled to get my tits into the top. It strained against the material, showing a lot of cleavage and my nipples poked through hard and the skirt showed off half my ass standing, which was worse since they made me go commando.  The act focused on me. my skirt flew up every time i spun and i had to twerk for the stadium. The principle didnt look impressed, especially when my shirt burst at the seams, ripping to shreds as my boobies burst through, but i didnt really care. Then they made the final throw with me, the girl at the top of the pyramid caught me by my ankles so I was now dangling upside down and my skirt over my head. she had even grabbed hold of my panties and pulled them down to my knees from the force of my fall. I was so humiliated but I gave up and stopped caring. i didnt even struggle as they held me there entirely exposed. My punishment this time was to be tied to the goal post, spread eagle with a dildo in my pussy and let the soccer team take turns kicking a ball as hard as they could at the dildo to push it into me deeper. I almost came for the whole team a bunch of times.  

Afterwards, the principle said that since this week was a failure that on top of the punishment i already received, he would give me a more permanent punishment. He said that i was to wear a leash at all times while I was at school and be escorted by a teacher everywhere I went and they would inspect me every day to make sure I was wearing decent clothing. If i gave the teachers any reason, they could lift my skirt up and give me spankings for everyone to laugh at. hearing that punishment made me cum right in front of him, and I accepted that I would be the laughing stock of the school come monday. 
