Brooke Blackmailed 1 - Art Class
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2010


Brooke had been really freaked out for a few days after receiving
the blackmail letter and pictures. She was calmer now, but still
worried. She thought about the letter constantly. Who had sent
it? Was it someone she knew? What would they ask her to do? Would
she be able to go through with the tasks demanded of her? She
looked at all her friends and classmates differently now. It
could be any one of them. It might be none of them. She had no
way of knowing. Not knowing was torture. She wished whoever it
was would hurry up and just ask her to do whatever it was they
wanted her to do, so she could either do it and be done with the
whole affair, or refuse, and take the consequences. She shuddered
thinking about those consequences.

Even freaked out, she had still gone to class, and hung out with
her friends. She didn't want anyone knowing something was the
matter, and she worried that if she didn't act normal, that the
blackmailer would get frightened, or pissed off, and make good on
the threat to expose the phony pictures to anyone and everyone.
It was hard to pay attention in class, with such distracting
thoughts occupying her mind. Perhaps that is why she never
noticed anyone putting a note into her statistics book. Brooke
hated statistics, but it was a required course for psychology
majors, and while she hadn't yet declared a major, she was
leaning heavily towards psychology.

She found the note when she opened her book to go over some
problems the teacher had assigned them as homework. She didn't
read the note until later, she quickly tucked it in the back of
the book, but she knew right away what it was. Did someone sneak
it in right under her nose, right here in class? They certainly
knew what would be happening in class that day, because the note
was tucked between the pages for the homework assignment they
were going over. The blackmailer could be here in this very
classroom, right now! She thought she would have noticed the note
if it had been put there earlier, but she couldn't really be
sure. Either the blackmailer had access to her things, or was one
hell of a sneak. Maybe both. Either thought was frightening.

After class, Brooke was nearly trembling when she opened up the
neatly folder paper, and read:

Dearest Brooke,

Task number one is at hand.
I know you have free time
tomorrow, so you will go to
the Art Department. You will
volunteer to be a figure
model for art class at 2pm.
They are already expecting
you. I'm sure the sketches
and paintings will be lovely!

Love,

Omega  [Omega Symbol]

/What the fuck?/ Brooke thought. /Is that all? I can model for an
art class, no big deal. There must be something more to it than
that. There has to be a catch.../

There was no catch. Brooke just didn't know what a figure model
did, or she would have been a little on edge. She enjoyed teasing
people with her sexy figure, but she was always wearing clothes
when she did so, at the very least a swimsuit. She had never been
completely naked in front of strangers, only boyfriends, and a
girlfriend or two. Even then only when they were alone and
getting intimate, usually in the dark. The closest she had come
to being naked for a stranger was being topless in front of the
woman who had done her nipple piercings, and the sexy lady who
had sold her her car, who was the reason she got the piercings.
Brooke had been quite embarassed and flustered, especially by
some of the remarks the two of them had made, during that
episode.

She enjoyed her false sense of calm for most of the afternoon,
then curiosity got the better of her. There had to be something
about this task, or the blackmailer wouldn't be asking her to do
it. She Googled "figure model", and still wasn't getting it, lots
of body builder types in skimpy outfits. She had walked around
outside in stuff like that, no big deal. Then some of the links
lower on the search results caught her eye. Nudes. Nude started
to figure prominently in the text, and the pictures at the sites
were of naked men and women in various poses. Nothing
pornographic, art was a frequently used term, and a lot of it did
look arty, but definitely nude. She added "art class" to her
search, and all the links featured nudes.

/So that's the hook!/ She would have to pose naked for a bunch of
art students to draw. The idea made her nervous, but wasn't
horrifying. It wasn't something she would have chosen to do, but
she thought she could handle it. It might even be fun, after all
she did enjoy showing off a little, and teasing. This would be a
little outside her comfort zone, but Brooke generally believed
being pushed just a little was a good thing. Too bad it was some
blackmailing pervert doing the pushing!

She did a little research and reading on the subject, since she
was already looking. She got a few good tips for first timers,
things like bring a robe for changing, and avoid poses with arms
up if the pose has to be held for a long time. She read about
some first time experiences, all of them shared being nervous at
the beginning, but getting used to it over time. She looked at
some poses to get an idea of what to do. Having the art class to
focus on, she pretty much forgot that this was only the first
task, and there were more to come afterwards. She slept well that
night, having managed to put the blackmailer out of her mind.

Art class was a little more intense than she had planned for. It
went pretty much like the stuff she had read about on the net
said it would, but while everyone had said they were nervous the
first time, she hadn't been prepared for just how nervous she
herself would be. She showed up dressed a little more
conservatively than she usually dressed, guessing that once it
was over she would pretty much be done with showing off for a
while. She wore a dark blue dress, a little lighter than navy,
that came below her knees and showed no cleavage. For shoes she
wore pair of slip on tennis shoes in blue. Underneath her dress,
a plain pair of white cotton panties and matching bra, not quite
"granny panties", but not far off. She brought a heavy blue
cotton bath robe for when she changed clothes.

The art department was bustling, and the cute blonde receptionist
quickly pointed her to a professor's office when she checked in,
saying "Oh, you're the replacement. He's expecting you."

The office was typical college, slightly bigger than a closet,
but not much. The walls were covered with art of various types,
no one style stood out. Some was quite good, other stuff was
obviously the work of students. At least that is what Brooke's
untrained eye thought, and she was mostly right.

She rapped lightly on the open door, and was almost assaulted by
rapid fire speech. "Ah! Your Mary's replacement. So sorry to hear
she took ill. Have you done any modeling before? No? That's OK,
we'll show you the ropes. The job pays $40 for the hour cash
money today, under the table, or we can pay you $50 over, but it
will take three weeks to get paid, and they'll deduct from it.
You can decide afterwards."

The man firing words at her like a machine gun was short and
skinny, mostly bald, and other than he was old, it was hard to
say what his age really was. His hands were stained with paint or
ink, maybe both, and so were his well-worn faded jeans and ratty
looking collared t-shirt. Colored pencils flowed out of the
pocket of the shirt, and paintbrushes were protruding from the
holed pockets of the jeans.

"Come along, come along, we don't want to be late!" He led Brooke
down the hall with rapid strides, walking faster than seemed
possible for such a short man, to a classroom, and ducked
hurriedly inside. He didn't seem capable of doing anything
slowly. Several students were already there, setting up paper and
canvas on easels, and there was room for perhaps twenty more. The
room was small, but bigger than the office, and featured a small
raised podium at the front, maybe eighteen inches high, where a
chalk or white board would typically be in a lecture room. Her
guide pointed to a door at the side of the podium.

"You can change in there, then come on out and we'll get you
placed on the podium for your poses. We'll put you through a few
different ones, both to keep you from getting fatigued from
holding a pose too long, and also to give everyone several
different things to draw. You've got a few minutes to catch your
breath, but we start class promptly at two."

Brooke thought he was the one who needed to catch his breath, but
was glad of the extra minute or two to prepare herself. She went
into the changing room, this time it was a closet, and the only
furnishing was a chair. She took off her clothes, including the
shoes, placed them neatly on the chair, and put on her robe. She
took several deep breaths, trying to slow her heart down, it was
beating a little fast. She was nervous. She was about to be naked
in front of a room full of people she had never met. At least she
hoped she had never met them. She didn't know what she would do
if someone she knew was in the class! That would really be
embarrassing. A quick knock on the door let her know it was time.

She came out of the changing area, and the first thing she
noticed was that the room was now full of students, and they were
all staring at her! /Calm down, they aren't staring, they are
just looking. Of course, you are what they will be drawing, they
need to look at you, quit being silly!/ she thought. It didn't
help. They still seemed to be staring, checking her out. She
walked to the middle of the podium, and stepped up on it.

"OK, OK. Class, this is our model for today, Brooke. If you need
to get a closer look at her, please feel free to do so, but stay
off the podium. No touching. If you'd like to see her in a
different pose, please ask, and we'll have her change things up.
OK? OK. I know you all know the rules, but I've got to say them
each time, regardless. Now, Brooke, please remove the robe, and
pose for us standing up. Keep your feet about shoulder width
apart, cock your hip to one side, like this, and put that hand on
your hip. Keep the other loose and out of the way. Thank you."

Brooke dropped the robe, very aware that every eyeball in the
room was now focused on her naked body. She was about to get into
the pose the instructor had told her to when he burst out talking
again.

"No, no! This won't do. I'm sorry, but we need you natural for
these poses, you can't be wearing any jewelry. I should have made
that clear, yes I should have. No matter! Please remove it, and
then assume the pose we need. Thank you!"

Jewelry? Brooke wasn't wearing any jewelry that day, except...
/Oh, shit! My nipple rings! He means my nipple rings!/ Her hands
were trembling as she removed the rings from her nipples, there
on display for the whole class. She was blushing fiercely,
although with her color of skin it didn't show too much. Her
nipples got hard as rocks, and the rest of her body also
responded to the stimulation of fumbling the rings out of the
holes, and the embarrassing situation. She could feel that her
pussy was puffy, the inner pink quite likely protruding just a
little, and she was quite moist. /Oh, God! How am I going to
handle being like this for an hour?/ She put on a brave face,
placed the rings into the pocket of her robe, and assumed the
pose. She was sure everyone could see that she was excited. Her
legs were just far enough apart to reveal her pussy, especially
with her hip cocked, and even if they couldn't see that, her
nipples were sticking out like fat pencil erasers, and easy for
all to notice.

This was far more intense than wearing revealing clothes, giving
a quick flash of intimate parts quickly covered up. She was
totally exposed, thirty strangers could see every part of her.
There were maybe ten girls in the class, the rest were guys. Not
only were they looking at everything she had to offer, they did
so with openly critical looks, and they didn't just stay in their
seats, either. They walked up to the podium, and stared right at
whatever part of her they wanted to, and it seemed like the part
they were most interested in was her swollen, puffy pussy. Her
breasts and erect nipples were certainly looked at, too, but it
felt like every guy came up as close as he could, and stared
right at her squishy slot.

She was wet, and could feel the juices glistening on her inner
lips, which were now definitely peeking out from between her
outer labia. /Fuck, they are getting one hell of a show!/ thought
Brooke. /I can't wait until this is over. I'm mortified! I've
never been so embarrassed in my life./

After about 15 minutes, the instructor had her assume a new pose.
This one was worse. She was reclined on a sofa bench he hauled
over from the edge of the classroom, leaning on her side, facing
the students. One leg bent at the knee, and raised, touching the
back of the sofa, the other dangling off the sofa to the font.
She didn't think she could have been more exposed if she had just
laid down on her back and spread her legs as wide as they would
go. With this pose her pubic area was well exposed, and totally
on display. Brooke had tried to keep her eyes focused on nothing,
somewhere at the back of the room, both to avoid eye contact with
the students, and so she wouldn't see just how much of herself
was being displayed. She had accidentally taken a peek while she
was getting into this pose, and saw that her inner pinkness was
very visible, and that she was indeed glistening. That was the
only word for it, under the bright lights of the art classroom,
her pink parts were glistening like early morning dew on the
grass under bright sunshine.

She kept hoping the nervousness would either go away, or at least
keep her from being excited. It didn't. In fact her level of
embarrassment kicked up a notch when she felt a drop of juice
slide from her pussy lips, and trickle down to hit the sofa. /Oh,
my God!/ She breathed slowly and deeply, trying to think of
anything else but her arousal and embarrassment. Just when she
thought she might be getting some control of her body, a dorky
looking guy walked up from his easel, and stood right in front of
her, obviously staring right at her honey hole and the juices
that were leaking from it. He kept his face still, not giving
away what he was doing, but he blew a sharp, hard breath right on
her pussy! /Motherfucker!/

The cold sharp evaporative power of the breath made her lips
swell even more as blood flowed in to try and combat the cooling.
She almost flinched, but she was concentrating so hard on not
moving, and trying to ignore all the people looking at her, that
she never budged. She did quickly think about ratting this nerdy
asshole out to the instructor, but the sudden thought that he
might be the blackmailer kept her from doing so. When she didn't
react, he blew again, a little longer, but just as strongly, and
her pussy couldn't help but react. She could feel her clit
starting to peak out of its hiding place, swollen and very
tender. The dork sat back down, but other guys came up to take
his place, and stare. Even two of the girls approached, and
looked her over carefully, and she would swear that their eyes
all lingered quite a while on her exposed, now very engorged and
sensitive, private parts.

The next pose, which turned out to be the last, wasn't as bad.
She was on all fours, her side to the students. Her pussy was
still visible, but only when they walked around to the side of
the podium to look. This didn't happen as often, but it did
happen. One of the other guys knew the breath trick, too, and
blew on her exposed pussy and anus with considerable force. It
evaporated some of her juices, which kept her very sensitive and
swollen, and tickled her puckered asshole, too.

When the class ended Brooke was still nervous, very aroused, and
quite embarrassed. She threw her robe on quickly, and was in the
changing room in a flash. She had never dressed so quickly in her
life. When she emerged, the students were all gone, but some of
the artwork was still on the easels. Most of the likenesses were
quite good, but Brooke only noticed that they had indeed captured
her arousal, and the drawings, and one roughed in painting,
clearly showed her very erect nipples and her puffy pussy with
its protruding pinkness. She was blushing hard as she practically
ran out of the art department, so flustered she forgot about
getting paid, and the cute blonde receptionist had to flag her
down.

"Miss, Miss. Miss! Your money, don't forget your money! We need
you to sign these forms, too."

Brooke quickly scrawled her signature on the forms the blond
showed her, collected the $40, and had to force herself not to
run as she left the building in a hurry. She was hoping and
praying she wouldn't bump into any of the students on her way off
campus, and felt lucky and relieved when she didn't. /At least I
don't know any of them, none of them share any of my classes!/
she thought.

She drove home, a little too quickly, but she got there fine. She
had a glass of wine to try and relax, then a belt or two of booze
when the wine didn't do the trick. She wasn't much of an early
drinker, but she really felt the need to have something steady
her nerves. It helped a little, but she was still aroused, which
bothered her. /How can something that made me feel so nervous and
embarrassed turn me on so much?/ she wondered. It finally took a
hot bath, and more importantly, a hard spay of water focused on
her swollen clit wringing a few really strong orgasms from her
body, to finally unwind the tension. She fell asleep that night,
still a little disturbed by the day's events.

The next day, on returning home from school, she found a long
cardboard tube with the mail, the type that blueprints and
posters are put inside to keep them from being damaged. She
pulled out a rolled up sheet of paper to find a very well done
color copy of what was probably the best drawing done in the art
class, and a small note. The drawing was top notch, the artist
had captured her perfectly. The face was flawless, showing her
nervous excitement well, and was almost photographic in quality -
there was no mistaking who it was a drawing of. The rest of the
drawing was just as well executed, you could even make out the
tiny holes in her very erect nipples where the rings she wore
would go. Needless to say the pussy was just as well done, with
her inner lips prominent and her clit just peeking out from under
its hood, and juicy, it was obvious she had been quite wet, and
the drawing showed it perfectly.

The note was short.

Sexy Brooke,
I copied the best drawing
from the class. It turned
out even better than I had
hoped. Task two soon!

Love,

Omega  [Omega Symbol]

/Oh, shit... Shit! What fucking next! I'm doomed.../


       DV

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
