Man Fucking Housemaid Vedna
Posted on July 1, 2016 12:00 PM, Filed under Maid / Servant
This a true story, only the names have been changed for privacy. I have had many escapades with my housemaid, Vedna, since the last 3 years. I was after her for nearly 10 years, but she did not respond well. I secretly snapped her thighs, cleavage, legs, while she scrubbed the vessels, swept the floor and mopped the floor of my house, which she was aware of, but never encouraged.

Then one day I told her that I need to talk to her alone. She first asked as to what about and when I did not answer, she said I could do so then. I told her that it was to be only between her & me and if I did it then & there, someone may come. She again asked what was it about. I told her there were a few things which I wanted to talk to her about alone.

She then asked me if not here then where & how. I told her that when she has about half an hour free she could tell me and I would tell her where to meet. She said that she would let me know. Then one day while hanging the clothes to dry, which I always help her with, she said that she could meet me that day in the afternoon.

I said." OK, I will stand outside my car outside the mall a little away from my house at about 3 PM. So, I went to the place decided upon at 2:55PM, as I did not want to miss the opportunity. A minute past 3 PM Vedna arrived. I made her sit in the rear seat and went into the basement parking of the mall and parked my car in a remote parking slot.

There I asked her to come in the front. I told her, "see first of all please bear in mind that this meeting should be a secret and that you should not tell anybody, not even my wife, about the same and secondly please let me say all that I have to say and then only give your reactions and say whatever you want to say." She agreed.

I told her, "since nearly 13 years I have been trying to get friendly with you to bring you closer to me on a number of occasions, but most of the times you did not allow me to get closer to you." Continuing, I said, "I am in love with you. I want you to give me one chance to hold you in my arms and make love to you. After that it is your wish whether you want to continue or not."

"I know that you have been after me all these years and secretly clicking photos of me in your room, your bathroom & kitchen, but what you are saying is not possible, she replied. "and why is that?" I asked. "For the simple reason what if my husband or your wife come to know of it?", she asked.

"How will they come to know if neither of us tells them, we can secretly meet, make love and keep the affair to ourselves," I replied. "Where, when and how can we secretly meet?" she enquired. "First of all when you are doing work anywhere in the house don't cover your boobs with the saree, secondly when you are washing clothes in my bathroom don't cover your legs too much,

thirdly when your are sweeping & cleaning the floor especially in my bedroom expose your boobs & legs as much as possible and finally, when you are with me putting the clothes to dry let me touch your body. This will be the beginning of the affair. Further, when you go to the servant's toilet, let me know of the same, so that I can come out and fondle you.

Once we are sure that such acts will not be noticed by anyone, then we can arrange to go out together overnite and make love to the fullest." I said "Fine, but when we arrange to go out, what will I tell my family?" she asked. "Again simple, you are many a times going out overnite to do seva, that's what you can say." I replied. "But what will you say to your family?" she enquired.

"You don't bother about that, I have many reasons to give." I said. "OK, let's try things out." she said So, from the next day, she did like told while doing work in the house. She was quite casual while doing like told to her. One day in the afternoon, when she came to scrub the vessels, I was alone at home.

She started to scrub the vessels and I told her to come to my room, once she finishes the scrubbing. I was awaiting anxiously for her in my room. Soon she finished her work and came to my room. I was sitting on my bed and asked her to sit alongside. She did so. I asked, "are you ready to come out with me onvernite?" "When?" she asked. "Whenever you want to," I replied.

"Give me a couple of days and I shall arrange the outing," she said. "OK with me, but let me know in advance, so that I too arrange my setting," I said "I will let you know at least 1 day in advance," she said "Now, shall we gave it a try?" I asked. "What now?" she enquired. "Yes now," I said She was silent. I asked her to stand up and put my hands around her waist.

She did not say anything, but asked, "If somebody comes." "Don't worry nobody is going to come till the evening," I replied. I too stood up and hugged her tight and put my lips on her moist & tender lips. She was trembling a bit. I caressed her to calm her and she stopped trembling. I started to unbutton her front buttoned blouse, while massaging her boobs.

Once all the buttons were open, I had her small but erect boobs in front of my eyes. They were a sight. I started to rub them with my hands and her nipples became tight. I put my mouth to one boob and started to lick & suck it, while pressing the other one. She got excited and held her boob with her hands to give me more of it. I then started with the other boob and finally both together.

She loved it so much that she closed her eyes and her head tilted backwards. All the while she was holding both her boobs with her hands. Finally, she murmured, "I am loving it, you indeed suck very nicely. This is the first time I am having my boobs sucked so much, as my husband did not suck them much."

I then shoved my hand inside her saree & petticoat and felt her choot. It was dripping. I asked her to lie on her back on my bed, raised her saree & petticoat and started to lick her choot. She loved it so much that she raised her lower body and pressed my head hard on her choot. Within sometime, she burst and I licked all her juices and swallowed them.

Once she stopped bursting, she lowered her body, pulled me up and kissed me really hard and passionately and exclaimed, "you are the first man in my life to suck my choot. Now I am feeling so horny that I want to suck your lund, which will again be my first time and then fuck me." So, I opened the zipper of my shorts and offered her my lund.

She sucked it like a woman possessed that within some time I was about to burst and told her so. She stopped sucking it and guided my lund into her hot & wet choot and asked me to fuck her real hard. I started with slow motions and gradually increased the thrusts and speed. She was enjoying as she started to match her movements with mine. After some time, I burst in her choot.

She was so satisfied that she too burst again simultaneously. We lay there for some time and then went to the bathroom to clean up. Once we both were cleaned we came back to my bedroom, when she hugged and kissed me so hard as if thanking me for the enjoyment.

Finally, I said, "see how much you enjoyed. This was just a sample, but when we go out, we will both get completely naked and have all the more fun." "I fully agree and see that I arrange for the outing at the earliest," she replied.