** SPECIAL NOTE TO READERS **
On May 7th this story will be available for FREE on Amazon Kindle as an ebook.  If you like reading this, I would ask you to download it for free and rate it (highly!) for me please. That way I'll keep writing more of this type of fiction.  Just search for 'XVirus' on the Amazon store on the 7th to find it.. There are 3 stories in total on Amazon, and they are all slightly different, improved versions, of the stories on this web site.  Thank you!!


The X-Virus - Part 2
By Lisa James - email me at: steven.james123@hotmail.com

Finding myself in a girls body was shockingly confronting. Days ago I was a red blooded teenage boy with a major interest in all things female. I used to fantasize about touching girls in their flat, mouth-like genitals, groping their breasts and thrusting my cock into their vaginas. Now I could touch a vulva at will - experience the girls sensations directly. I knew that girls my age were wondering what a penis felt like, both inserted into their sex organs, in their hands and as genitals between their legs. I glanced between my own legs and saw a sexual flatness that was my vulva. There was no bulge, no engorged penis stretching the fabric of my underpants as my now-absorbed penis used to do when I felt aroused (and I did feel aroused). Instead I saw some panties clinging to a rounded mound, hugging my now demasculated form and sinking into my labia folds where my girlish roundness gave way to the mouth between my legs. I hated the sensation of my new vulva. It felt so empty, so flat, and so invasive. I cupped my vulva, and where my hand would previously have been filled with an engorging male member, I now felt the mouth-like organ that was my vulva. Squeezing the mound I felt the pressure on my new clitoris, and I shuddered at the thought that this pea-sized organ was all that remained of my poor penis. Yet tiny though it was, it still infused my body with a heat that was every bit as intense as my penis ever managed. I was angry with my body for changing into this alien sexuality of my girls body. I became angrier and began to squeeze my cunt with a kind of loathing hatred. The pressure made my sexual tension rise another notch, and again I felt the most horrible sensation, my fingers slipping into the slit between my legs and pushing inside me. My vulva was feeling even more sexual and I felt my vagina begin to ooze sexual wetness into my panties. It was a sexual nightmare - yet I could not help myself. I began to masturbate my girlhood again, alternately crying at the personal horror of my loss of manhood, and strangely enjoying the deep sexual sensations that my cunt drove into my body. My curiosity again forced my frantic roaming fingers to rub my clitoris and occasionally feel the length of my labia and plunge into my vagina. Each time I entered my vagina I quietly screamed at the injustice of my circumstance, but I also felt a wave of sexual heat assail me, causing my breasts and clitoris to surge with electricity. I could barely believe that I had a vagina, that I could feel my own fingers inside my body in this most private of female accessories. I could feel the ribbed texture of the vaginal passage and was shocked at how deeply I could thrust my fingers. The sensation of my girl-mouth, my labia spreading and encircling my invading hand and fingers was also shockingly confronting - I could feel them stretching as I forced the opening further apart as I pushed more fingers into my hole, more of my hand. My vagina seemed to more easily cope with the stretching than my labia, which felt almost uncomfortable. For one moment I imagined what giving birth to a far larger object would be like... Shuddering I withdrew my hand and continued to probe my folds, my vagina and my clitoris with increasing vigor as I started to climax. One of the most sexual, yet traumatic actions I found was simply running my flattened hand from my stomach, down to the mound where my penis used to be and further to cup and massage my whole vulva in the palm of my hand. It was such a graphic and sense reminder of my girlhood, yet the tingling massage of the action brought me ever closer to orgasm. Again I came as a girl, feeling wetness cover my fingers and feeling that swallowing sensation of my coming vagina, the throbbing clitoris and the paired tingling in my breasts. My vagina spewed even more liquid out as I came! The orgasms were undoubtedly better, but I hated the graphic way in which they reminded me of my genital flatness, my huge obtrusive breasts and the intrusive nature of my vagina. I may have been enjoying more intense orgasms as a girl, but I was not ready to accept being a girl. I collapsed, cupping my vulva, crying when my dad walked in.

He stared at me, prostrate on the bed - the very picture of female sexuality. I screamed at him 'I'm a girl! Please help me! I dont want to be a girl! You have to help me get back my dick... please dad please!!! I hate how this thing feels - so flat... its so invasive!!'. My voice was higher now and had the timbre of a girl, and just hearing it made me even more angry and frustrated.

He walked over to me and covered me up with a bed sheet. He held my hand and with kind but sad eyes told me 'You know I cant do that - the doctor said its irreversible. I am so sorry. But I will help you adjust. Right now I cant even imagine what you are experiencing. But I do know that as a girl, you can have a fantastic life - you may even come to accept and maybe even enjoy that body...'

'No dad... no... Its not my body... Im a boy... Im not meant to be a girl...' I said as I cried myself to sleep holding his hand

When I woke up it was still nighttime. In the dim light I could see my breasts pushing the sheets up, and casting my eyes down I could see where the sheets fell into that depressed triangle between my legs. Just weeks ago I would have noticed a bulge pushing the sheets up in the same space between my legs - but of course, now I was a girl I had no such bulge... I began thinking about my new body and despite still feeling a deep hatred for it my curiosity was aroused. I got out of bed and turned on my light and gasped to see the reflection of a pert young teenage girl in the mirror with ripe breasts, lovely curves and the most curvaceously female crotch. I could scarcely believe this was me - even my hair had grown and my face had soft girlish curves to it.

I turned to face the mirror and stared at this alien body before me. From my flat stomach my eyes fell to my crotch again and I noticed the gentle curve as my new vulva began and curved down and in between my legs. I could clearly see the cleft of the start of my vulva lips, slightly puffy and currently closed. At he start of these lips I could see the tiniest of protrusions poking between the labia - my clitoris - the tiny remnants of my former penis. My legs were slim and even with them together; there was a gap at the top of my legs where my vulva was exposed from front to back. I cant describe my mental state, part arousal, part shock and part curiosity as I watched my body. I sat in front of the mirror and spread my legs wide, shuddering at the sensation of my vulva lips parting when I had spread them past half way. I pushed my hips forward and stared at the female sex organ reflected in the mirror. It was so female that I could hardly believe it was my body being reflected. Were it not for the fact that I intimately felt the vulva being reflected, I would not have believed it. Yet I could feel the lips, sense the flatness, feel my vagina its entrance between the lips of my vulva. I could feel the weight and bulk of my breasts. As I watched my body in the mirror, taking note of how the labia began and ended, the length of my slit and the shape overall. As a boy I had a limited knowledge of female sex organs, remembering when I was a young boy how I used to just think girls simply had flatness between their legs. Later of course I saw the occasional young girl nude down the beach and tried to resolve what this little cleft was at the front of their pubic mounds. I knew then that girls had some sort of opening there, but did not realize that it was a slit. I saw many girls spread their legs with panties on and had many mental images of the shape of the organ that the panties covered, and I was never 100% clear on exactly how the actual vulva looked, how it made its various curves in the panties, where the opening started and ended - until I was quite a bit older. Of course as a teenager I had seen quite a few girly magazines and had spied on a many a girl down the beach, and only a month back I had actually cupped a girl's vulva in a game of truth or dare at a party, finding it amazingly different to my penis. Yet I still had not quite finalized my impression of what a vulva actually looked like from all angles. Now of course I knew first hand, and my shocking education was based on study of my very own vulva.

I then began to think about what having a vulva and vagina also meant... Penis envy? Less physical strength. Lower pay. Invasive sex! Imagining a penis inserted into my own body, my lips stretching and molding around the shaft as it penetrated my passage! Periods! A child forcing my lips apart from the inside while I screamed in agony. The possibility of rape! I started to shake again as the enormity of the change to my body again sunk in.

I remembered Fiona, the girl whose X-Virus I had caught, staring at her nude genitals in the library. I then remembered I had my own book on the human body. I reached out to my bookcase, pulled it over and opened in to the section on the female body. There in horrendous detail was a cross section through a girl's pelvis. I could see the anatomical details of my new genitals. The flat exterior presented by my vulva was just the start of my female sexuality. The vast majority of my girlhood was internal, from my vaginal passage to the reproductive organs that lay under my flat stomach. I grabbed my mound and whimpered again as I traced each of the items I could touch and see on the cross section, resolving its shape, feel and location on my body with the graphic image in the book. I could touch and see my poor tiny clitoris, feel the shape and length and depth of my vulva slit, my labia lips (both outer and the much smaller inner lips). But the most horrible item to resolve was again my vagina, and I probed its entrance and then began to force a trembling few fingers deeper inside to try to trace its path with the one on the cross-section. It was sexual horror to me.

I flicked the page and saw a male cross section, and glancing between my legs I again tried to resolve what had become of each of my former male body parts. Trying to will them back in existence. I pressed on my clitoris and muttered a private 'spell' to will it to swell and grow back into a penis. I cupped and traced the labia lips that I knew used to be my scrotum, again wishing the mouth-like opening would begin to fuse shut then swell as replacement testicles grew inside again. But my spell did not work; I was still 100% girl...

The next morning was Saturday - my first weekend as a girl. I stayed in my room feeling sorry for myself. My dad tried his best to take my mind off my sex change and did his best to spoil me with my favorite foods, no chores and light conversation. I tried to get into the spirit but could not help a sense of mourning over my lost manhood. After my midnight examination of my new genitals I had pulled on some nightclothes that I had found in the clothes my father had bought, and a pair of white panties that now tightly clung to my vulva. I watched TV in my room staring at the unwelcome bulge on my chest and the curvaceous flatness between my legs. At about 10 oclock there was a knock on my door and my friend Brad walked in.

"Hi there..." he said "I want to apologize for walking out on you earlier".... "I just got a bit scared... you know.... that your.... condition... might be...."

"Caught by you?" I said....

"Yes..." he said, and I started crying....

"Im a girl!" I said, staring at the bulges on me chest

"I know, he said.... "Whats it.... well.... how does it...."

"Feel to be a girl?" I said.... "To have breasts? To have a ....." and my eyes looked towards my crotch, for some reason I spread my legs and my night dress fell to the side to reveal a very female white panty covered vulva... "cunt!"

"Yes...." he said

"I hate the feeling!.... It feels so flat! So invasive! I can feel the...my.... my...." I sobbed.... "Vagina!.... Ive got lips! Girls lips! There!!! Between my legs!!! I HATE how it feels!!!! I cant get an erection ever again! I can actually stick my finger inside my body!!!! Oh god.... I hate it!!!" I began to rave. "But Ive also got these fucking mounds on my chest!! They are so heavy! So.... Sexual!!!"

"Please.... I didnt come here to upset you..." he implored, "I want to let you know that I am here for you... I can begin to imagine what it would be like to be turned into a girl... but we can still be friends cant we?"

"Yes" I sobbed... "Yes we can.... I am just having trouble coping thats all...."

"Why dont you pull yourself together and come outside with me? We'll just hang around the neighborhood... Chill out.... what do you say?"

I was torn... Part of me wanted to hide... I did not want the world to see me, in my girl's body. Yet I also knew that I needed to start to get on with my life. "Yes... that would be nice" I said, in a voice that was soft and girlish. I stood up thought that I should get out of my pajamas before going out. I began to pull my pajamas off before I realized that my friend had not seen my new body.

There was a sharp intake of breath from Brad as he saw my full, ripe breasts first hand and saw me just wearing hugging white panties.

I saw him staring between my legs, wide eyed, when a strange thought hit me. Perhaps it was my first truly female sexual impulse, but for some reason I did not cover up my vulva - in fact I deliberately spread me legs further for him to get a better look at my vulva. I could feel my cunt lips begin to pull apart as my legs spread and he and I stared at the dickless rounded mound shape that my panties clung to. I began to whimper at the horror of the demasculated sensations I was feeling, my breasts however began to tingle and my nipples, involuntarily, began to swell.

My sexual heat began to rise. Bizarrely, whilst I hated the alien sexuality between my legs and on my chest, I also felt a need to let my friend touch my sex parts! I thrust my panty-covered mound forward and said, "Want to touch me? Feel my cunt?" My eyes flared at him

"Well...." he stared disbelievingly at me

"Yes! You do! Then grab it! Feel what I feel! Grab it, feel the lips! Feel the void! I want you to touch my vulva! Stick your fingers in my... in my... VAGINA!.... Do it!!!" I thrust my pubic mound forward - just inches from my friend's trembling hand.

Slowly, his hand moved. Although I knew he was scared about the virus that had done this to me... He was smart enough to know that he was safe if he did not break his skin.... Brad grabbed my cunt...

I was shocked at the sensation, as was he (judging by the look on his face). Another person was grabbing and feeling my vulva! His hand felt my sex organ as if looking for my lost penis! He found my clitoris and then began to feel and run his fingers up and down my labia lips. I was shaking with loathing at the sensation, the empty sexual fire that my vulva lit in my body. Suddenly I felt a sensation that was utterly shocking! My friend had slipped his hand beneath the fabric of my panties and had plunged a number of fingers between my lips and into my actual vagina. I almost screamed- yet I found the sensation arousing in the extreme... as did my friend...

"Ive got a cunt!" I whimpered

"I know... I cant believe it.... Its so female... so girl...." he said as his aroused mind drove him to further explore my alien sex organs.... He had gone beyond feeling my cunt and was now masturbating my cunt in a most invasive and (to me) horrific way... Strangely I did not scream or protest, I bucked my hips and helped him probe my girls mouth as I built towards climax. A minute or so later I had an orgasm from hell... My vulva lips were molded around another (male) persons hand, I could feel his fingers inside my own fucking hated vagina! I could feel my breasts throbbing and my vagina oozing girl juice as my vagina spasmed and my pathetic clitoris throbbed in a way that accentuated the lack of a penis between my legs. I sobbed whilst sliding to the floor - his fingers sliding out of me - and my vagina 'swallowed' as my foul girls pelvic floor contracted internal vaginal muscles in the swallowing sensation that I knew was designed to draw sperm inside to my new womb... I just lay there as the waves of vaginal and vulva orgasmic behavior subsided. How I hated being a girl!
  
With my nightdress pulled high and my legs spread apart we both stared at the curvaceous shape of my crotch - covered by my white panties. There was a wet patch along my slit from my orgasm. Brad nervously drew his eyes away from my vulva and then glanced between his own legs. His jeans had the obvious bulge of an erection. He began to walk toward the door.

"Dont leave! Please! Where are you going?" I asked

"To the bathroom... To wash my hands... To wash off the...." he said

"Virus!" I exclaimed. "I understand.... You dont want to catch that virus, you dont want to become a girl... like me..."

"Get some clothes on - I need a walk after this" he said to me as he left the room

I got off the floor, walked to my wardrobe wondering what the hell I would wear on my first outing in this girls body. I pulled my pajamas off and stared down at my ripe breasts and sexy panties. I pulled the panties off and threw them with hatred in the corner, rummaged through my drawers to find some new underwear. All I could find was girls underpants! I wanted to scream! In frustration I grabbed the first pair I could - light pink bikini style cotton panties - and pulled them on, wincing as they made contact with my pubic mound. I then looked for some clothes - grabbing a pair of Jeans - girls of course - and pulling them on. They were figure hugging and I almost gagged as I felt them grab and hug my crotch. Staring between my legs I could see the tight fabric cup my vulva and the notch of my labia lips where the tight jeans fabric began to pull by lips apart. I hated the sensation and immediately pulled off the jeans. In the end I opted for a dress, although I loathed the feminine look it gave me, because it was the only outfit that did not grab and hold my girlhood. The fall of the fabric also covered my crotch so that I could no so obviously see the curve of my vulva between my legs.

Brad came back in and said, "Wow! Youre wearing a dress! This is so freaky!...... Lets go" and with that he left the room. I followed him down the hall and out the front into our local street. As was usual for Saturday morning, there were kids everywhere playing and riding. As soon as one of them noticed me they shouted out "Hey guys - check out the new girl!" and they all fell quiet. I felt very self-conscious as I walked, breasts wobbling, down my driveway and out into the road to meet the gathering hoard.

"I want you all to be nice to Steven... er.... what shall we call you?" he said, whilst a few of the younger kids giggled. I had no idea, I had not thought about the need to change my name now I was a girl.

"Stefanie? I suppose" I blushed

"Whats it like having a cunt!" Yelled out James Gotch (whom I hated and who hated me). I began to cry. 

"Yeah! What was it like to loose your dick?!" Yelled out his stupid mate Peter Hardy. 

"Nice breasts!" James yelled out again while more of the boys began to laugh.

"I HATE IT!" I screamed at them "I HATE BEING A GIRL!" and they began to stop laughing. 

A few of the local girls were also standing around me and one of them - Fiona Barton got upset and said "There is nothing wrong with being a girl!"

"If you dont mind having no dick!" retorted James Gotch

"Even you should know that girls have their equipment on the inside - its not as if we dont have dicks, we have something else you stupid boy!" Fiona fired back

"Yeah.. Thats right, you have a mouth down there - and a vagina! Well Im glad I dont have one of those!" Peter said

"Stop it!" I screamed and pulled my dress high to reveal my panties to the shocked crowd. They all stared between my legs. "Look at it! I have no dick! I have a mouth down there! And a vagina! And I hate it!" and as I said this last part I pulled my panties to my knees to reveal my bald vulva to the world. "I HATE HOW THE LIPS FEEL! I HATE MY FUCKNIG VAGINA THAT BORES INSIDE ME!!!" I screeched.

The group went silent, the boys were staring slack jawed between my legs - many never having seen such a graphic up-close look at a cunt before. The girls said nothing, but many started to walk away shaking their heads and muttering how they though being a girl was just fine.

"TAKE A GOOD LOOK!" I continued, pushing my pubic mound forward and spreading my legs so they could see the entire curve of my labia lips from the front (where my poor penis used to be) to near my arse. "Next time you fuckwits want to have a go at me - remember that this fucking body is thanks to a virus that any of you could catch! This could be you!" And with that last word of wisdom, I pulled my panties back on and walked, crying, back to my house.

"Thats right! Run home and feel your vagina you girl you!" James yelled out to my retreating back.

I was livid with anger! How could he be so cruel and horrible to me? Why did he need to make me feel worse about a body that I hated anyway? I stopped in my tracks, shaking when a thought occurred to me. My vagina was still damp from my orgasm caused by Brad masturbating me. I realized that my juices would still be heavily saturated with the X- Virus (which took several weeks to completely disappear from a victims system after change). I pulled up my dress, thrust my hand down the front of my panties and forced my hand into my slit. I pushed harder and several fingers disappeared into my vagina where I wriggled them around in the wetness to get them wet also. I was whimpering at the hated sensation of my own fingers inside my own vagina. I pulled out a dampened hand, now presumably coated in the x-virus, and then I turned to face the boys.

I saw James Gotch look at me strangely, then I ran at him. He was shocked by my actions and did not get running fast enough. When I reached him I knocked him over and deliberately began to scratch his face, hard enough to make him bleed and into those cuts I wiped my X-Virus coated hands. I was so enraged that this happened so fast, but when he touched his face and felt blood - he began to understand what I had done.

"NOW YOU CAN ENJOY BECOMING A GIRL YOU FUCKWIT - I HAVE JUST INFECTED YOU!" I screamed at him. He was shaking now, clawing at his face, he pushed me off him in a panic and ran to a tap and began to frantically wash himself whilst yelling profanities at me. I was so happy that I had taught him this most profound of lessons that I found myself needing to rub salt in his 'wound'. I pulled my dress off & pulled my panties off whilst the stunned gaggle of onlookers watched. James Gotch was still frantically washing and I yelled out to him "Hey! Check out your new body! Arent the nice ripe breasts lovely! Look at my vulva slit! It feels so flat and warm, so empty and invasive!' and whilst I did I spread my legs wide apart for him to see my vulva again.

"You bitch!" James screamed out

"Did you know that I felt like I was being raped when my vagina was growing into me? You'll know that sensation soon enough you fuckwit!' and I walked, nude, into my house.

***********
James Gotch lived his own personal nightmare that week. Despite his washing he came down with the heavy flu symptoms that were a sure indication that the X-Virus was rewriting his DNA. A week later he began growing breasts. By the end of that week he had full breasts, a tiny penis, almost no balls and was well on the way to becoming a girl. The week after his voice jumped an octave higher, his pens became fully absorbed and then one fateful day he woke up with the beginnings of a slit between his thoroughly demasculated legs. The whole street was in a kind of shock, and that same day, despite being four houses from James' house - I heard him scream as he also experienced a vagina force its way into his body from within the lips of his newly formed labia. James Gotch was a boy no more. He was a girl now and knew precisely how it felt. I felt sorry for what I had done - but at least that boy would never tease me about being a girl ever again.

To be continued...

VISIT THE X-VIRUS and VULVOID HOME PAGE AT:
http://www1.asstr.org/~SexChange/index.htm