FUN IN THE SCRUB

Lance Vargas

(Mg, ped, 1st?)

Mom said sorry as soon as we got out of the car. The heat was
oppressive, and she knew I was beginning to regret volunteering.
Her best friend was getting remarried, and Mom asked if I would
help decorating the venue.

Of course I said yes. I had mooched off of her the whole summer
before my final college year, this was the very least I could do.
However, I didn't know she was getting married in an old outdoor
pavilion in a state park in South Texas. I hesitated even
glancing at the thermometer on the dash, but I couldn't resist.
Yeah, I knew it was somewhere around 110 degrees.

Sandals were a poor choice for walking in the hot dirt and scrub
grass. Fortunately, some of the decorating was to take place in
the shade of the pavilion, but that only dropped the temps 10 or
20 degrees. Still hot in the shade what little shade there was.
There was nothing much around except scrub and a few small trees
closer to the lake shore.

The others began arriving as I was unloading our car, so I
volunteered to help them unload as well. The bride-to-be hugged
me and gushed her thanks for providing the "muscle" for the hard
stuff.

I didn't even have to ask what she meant as I saw the truck
arrive with table and chairs. Oh yeah, muscle.

My white shirt soon became plastered to my chest with sweat as I
hefted tables into the pavilion. As soon as I'd set up a table
the horde of women would attack it with tablecloths and
centerpieces. This stuff was falling into place quickly.

When the truck was unloaded I took the opportunity to take a
breather and grabbed a cold water bottle from the ice chest. I
found a safe spot outside in the shade away from the beehive of
activity in the pavilion.

I heard a little voice say "Is this where it's going to be?"

I responded "This is it. Looks nice, huh?" I turned to face a
young girl, probably 9 or 10, who was by herself, or so it
seemed.

"This is the nicest geocaching we ever done," she exclaimed.

That's when I saw the ranger's truck drive up, and then notice an
even younger girl and an older woman walk up.

"Amy, come away from there," the older woman admonished.

"Grandma, this is where we're doing the geocaching," she shouted.

"No, it's not, Sweetie. Come over here," the grandmother
instructed.

I had to chuckle.

"But he said," she pointed to me. Then she turned to me and very
sweetly said, "Hi."

"Hello," I said. "There's a wedding in here. It's not geocaching.
I'm sorry."

"Are you getting married?" she asked.

"Hah, oh no. Not me! That lady over there," I pointed to the
bride-to-be.

"I'm glad," she smiled. "You're cute." And she looked me up and
down.

I would be lying if I said this had no effect, but in fact, it
hit me right in the groin.

Suddenly, she was no longer a little girl as I in turn looked her
up and down.

Yes, she was 10 years old or so, but it was apparent she was
already "filling out."

The other little girl quickly appeared next to the older one,
grabbed her by the hand and said, "Amy, Grandma said we gotta go
here."

And then she stopped and looked at me. She too smiled and sweetly
said "Hi!"

Amy became quite perturbed at not only this intrusion but the
apparent attempt on her intended. At least that's what it seemed
like to me.

I watched them both leave, and the older Amy jerked her hand away
from her little sister. The old lady followed stumbling over the
uneven ground and patches of scrub to where ranger was setting up
a station for what I assumed was geocaching. A few more people
were arriving and headed to the ranger's spot.

Mom came around to offer me a bottle of water. I thanked her and
told her I already had one. She asked what was happening over
there, and I told her what little I knew.

"Jackie told me there might be other programs going on this
morning while we were decorating. But she has the pavilion
reserved. This is probably where they usually do stuff like
that," Mom explained.

I told her about geocaching and how they would probably be
milling throughout the park looking for hidden prizes.

"Sounds like fun," she smiled.

"Yeah, if you like walking in the heat," I muttered.

She mouthed "I'm sorry," smiled and turned back into the
pavilion.

Break's over, so I followed asking what I could do. I was given
packs of paper lanterns to hang in the small trees with a roll of
ribbon.

First task was assembling the lanters, so I sat under a tree
trying to figure that out without instructions.

I felt a person approaching and looked up to see Amy walking
toward me.

"Hi," she said as she came under the shade of the tree.

"Hi," I answered.

"What's your name?" she asked.

"Eric, and you're Amy," I said.

"How did you know?" She looked genuinely shocked.

"You look like an Amy," I joked.

"Oh my god, really? You think so?" she asked.

"Of course," I said. "When I think of Amy I think of a pretty
girl, so there you go."

"You think I'm pretty?" she said with a look of embarrassment.

I don't know why I said that. Just being polite, I guess. But she
sure took it to heart, and sidled up close to me.

Her "shadow" appeared almost immediately.

"Amy, we're supposed to be looking for these things," her little
sister chided.

"Oh shut up, Heather. I'm cooling off in the shade," Amy barked.

"I'm telling Grandma," she said.

"This is Eric. He's nice," Amy introduced me.

"Hi," Heather said again with a smile and a twist of the hips.

This did not sit well with Amy who again took it as someone
horning in on her territory.

"Why don't you go look for geocaches by yourself," Amy asked.

"Cuz I don't know how to work this thing," she said holding out
an orange GPS device.

"Well, me neither. I didn't understand what he was saying," Amy
said.

"Let me take a look at this," I said taking the device from
Heather's little hands.

Then she handed me the laminated card that she was given with the
device.

I showed them how to put the coordinates into the machine and
follow the directions.

Amy seemed to pick it up quickly, and almost sat in my lap to try
it herself.

Heather actually sat in my lap trying to take the device from her
sister.

The catfight was so quick I didn't even see it coming. They were
jerking the GPS and card from each other and screaming. I had to
quickly grab both of them and shush them before anyone would come
to the tree to see if I had done anything to upset them.

As soon as my arms encircled them they became quiet. And then the
smaller one began to hug me. And when Amy felt this she grabbed
me around the neck.

Shit, I thought. What if someone sees us and wonders what I'm up
to? I had to break this up quickly.

So I made a motion to stand up. The little one stood up, but Amy
sat on my lap and ground her bottom into my groin. Holy shit, the
feeling was so intense I sprang an erection immediately. Now it
was going to be impossible to stand up without giving a show, but
I had no choice.

I grabbed Amy by the waist and pulled her off of me. Then I stood
up and turned to face the trunk of the tree to keep from being
obscene. I looked down at the bulge in my jeans, then quickly
picked up the folded lanterns on the ground and placed them in
front of me.

Heather figured the show was over and that she had won because
she had the GPS and the card. Amy apparently knew what she was
doing judging by the sly smile on her face and the way she looked
me straight in the eye.

The call from their grandmother had them both running from under
the tree. I breathed a sigh of relief. I don't know what would
happen if they would have seen my dick trying to blow the front
of my jeans off. Shit, it hurt. I had to readjust myself, so I
glanced around quickly, and seeing that I was unnoticed I reached
down and pushed things back in place.

Trying to figure out how to unfold paper lanters was the surefire
cure for horniness. That was capped off by my mother calling out
asking how the lanterns were coming.

"Fine," I yelled back.

A half hour later I had most of the lanterns hanging from varying
branches in the three small trees near the pavilion. They looked
pretty good in my opinion. If they want to change it they were
welcomed to try.

I walked back to the car to put the scissors and ribbon away, and
from across the dirt road I saw the two girls coming from the
scrub talking to each other. I saw Amy had the GPS and Heather
the card. When Amy saw me she ran up followed very closely by her
sister.

"Hey, whatcha doin'?" Amy asked.

"Yeah, what are you doing?" Heather echoed. Amy looked at her
with the most perturbed face I've ever seen on a child.

In response, Heather grabbed my bare leg and hugged her cheek to
it. I was shocked, but tried not to react.

An angry Amy lashed out, "Heather, will you please leave him
alone. I told you I found him first."

"But he likes me," Heather said.

Oh crap, I'm right in the middle of a bidding war. And I didn't
want to pick sides, or even for them to have sides. I just wanted
them to go find something else to do besides bother me.

"Look, girls, I've got to go finish helping ..." I began.

"I can help," interrupted Amy. And then I felt her hand run up my
tight right underneath the leg of my shorts and she snuggled it
right under my balls. I saw her look up with such a sly smile I
didn't know what to think.

"Me too!" yelled Heather, and I suddenly got cold reality thrown
back in my face.

"No, you can't," shouted Amy. Heather shouted back. And Amy
released me and grabbed Heather pulling her from my leg.

From the distance I saw grandma coming out of the brushes on
another trail.

"There you are," she shouted at the girls.

They settled down and slowly started toward their grandmother.

The old woman smiled at me and said "I just can't keep up with
them anymore. They're so fast."

I chuckled, "I know." I didn't know what else to say.

The three of them walked toward the ranger at the program
station, and I closed the trunk to return to the pavilion.

A car soon arrived with lunch, and Mom brought a styrofoam box
and soft drink to me.

"You deserve a break," she said and kissed me on the forehead.

"I think I'm going to cool off in the lake if there's nothing
left to do," I told Mom.

"Going swimming? In that?" she asked.

"I got my trunks and sandals in the car," I told her.

"Please be careful," she said.

"I'm just going to wade right near shore. I found a place right
down the path," I said.

After I changed in the car, I took my lunch and hiked away from
the pavilion toward the lake where I found a nice secluded spot
off the path.

I ate quickly so I could wash some of the sweat off of me. I was
pretty rank, and the water looked so inviting.

After cooling down I came back ashore and sat on my shirt as I
dried my hair with a towel.

I stopped suddenly when I heard a noise in the taller scrub grass
and my heart jumped thinking it was a wild animal.

A small auburn haired head appeared through the brush. She smiled
at me and said "There you are!"

"And there you are," I smiled back. "Where's your little sister?"

"Why do you need to know where she is?" she asked looking
perturbed. "Anyway, she's with Grandma. They went to town to get
something to eat."

"All the way back to town? Why didn't you go? Aren't you hungry?"
I asked.

Town was a long 20 miles on barely navigable two-lane roads.

"Nah," she said. "They said they would bring me something. I told
them I wanted to finish the game."

"You like geocaching that much?" I asked.

"Not that game, silly," she smiled wickedly. "Do you like Heather
more than me?"

"Why do you want to know that? I mean, I really don't ..." I
began.

Then she suddenly sat right next to me and placed her hand
directly on my crotch.

"You got hard a while ago. I felt it," she said.

At first I was shocked when she said that. Then I realized that
she knew it and knew what she was doing.

"Did you like that?" I asked. "You're the one who made me like
that."

"I know," she smiled a wicked little smile. "I thought I did.
Does that mean you like me?"

"A lot," I said. Then pushing my luck I said, "Do you wanna see
what you did to me?"

I wanted to see just how brave she was and how far she was going
to go. I was about to be surprised.

She shook her head up and down looking as excited as if I were
about to give her an ice cream cone.

I was already getting hard just talking about it, and there was
no doubt I needed some relief. Whether it was by my own hand or
with help I didn't care. Worst case was she would get scared and
run away. Well, that's not the worst. Actually, I could have been
accused of child molestation, but I honestly wasn't thinking with
the head above my shoulders at the moment.

Luckily, she was braver than I had hoped. She watched intently as
I untied my trunks.

"You sure you want to do this?" I asked.

"I already done this with some boys in my class," she said.

Done what I didn't know, but I was hoping it was what I thought.

I loosened my trunks and began pulling them over my hips. I
finally got on my knees to help. Even with the wild Hawaiian
pattern my bulge was evident. Her eyes were locked on it.

I reached inside and grabbed my shaft. Then I quickly pulled it
out and pushed the trunks lower.

"Gaw!" she exclaimed. "That's definitely bigger than the boys in
my class. Holy crap!"

I beamed. I was fully erect now and moving slightly to wave it
from side to side.

Without an invitation she reached out and grabbed it. I couldn't
even stifle the moan that escaped from my lips. Her hand gripped
it as much as she could. She sat up and got closer. I knelt more
upright to allow her free reign.

"This is huge," she said. "I can't even reach all the way around.
But I thought you would have hair."

"I shave," I said. "I like the way it feels." I could barely talk
because the feeling was so intense.

"Cool," was all she said.

I would feel a shudder as she explored my shaft tugging ever so
slightly.

She didn't even flinch when I reached down and touched the inside
of her thigh.

She grasped my shaft with both hands pumping clumsily back and
forth. As distracting as that was I played with the hem of her
shorts gently poking a finger or two underneath to gauge her
reaction. Seeing no resistance I went further until I felt her
cotton panties.

She quickly took the hint and began unsnapping her shorts and
pulling them down. Her sudden reaction surprised me.

"You always let boys play in your panties?" I kidded her.

"Not really," she said. "Sometimes when I do they try to stick it
in me."

"You don't think I'm going to try to stick this in you?" I asked.

She laughed, "Hah, there's no way that could go in me! It's way
too big."

"We could try," I said teasingly.

"You're not, huh?" she stopped and looked at me with real concern
on her face.

"No," I said to her relief, "but we can still play."

She looked relieved and went back to work on my rod, and I
reached inside of her panties feeling just a little peach fuzz
over her mons.

She got up on her knees and spread her legs wider to allow easier
access. Her attention was on my dick, but I saw her eyes close
momentarily when I dragged my finger gently up and down her
cleft.

"Amy that feels so good," I moaned.

"That feels good, too," she cooed back.

She was getting wetter, and so was I. I tried to gently insert
one finger in her and she froze. I waited to assess her reaction,
and I assumed she liked it so I continued pushing into her.

"Oh, Eric," was all she could say.

My finger continued deeper. She shuffled on her knees even closer
to me and began to bend over. With the back of my hand I eased
her shorts and panties down more and saw her small butt appear.

It was almost too much for me so I stopped her playing with me
with my left hand while my  fingers continued exploring. She
pushed my hand away with her elbow and used both hands on my cock
to pump it up and down. Her entire body above the waist was
pumping up and down, and I could hear her begin to breathe heavy.

"Amy, stop, please, it's too much," I pleaded. I had to sit back
on my heels and physically remove her hands.

Then I said, "turn around."

She looked puzzled but began to shuffle around on her knees to
point her butt to me. Damn, it looked so good, that little pink
slit puffing up from her cheeks.

I kept a hand on her butt and shimmied out of my trunks to get
completely naked. She saw me and began to pull her panties and
shorts down. I tugged them off having a bit of difficulty around
her sneakers, but eventually I removed them and put her clothes
next to mine. I was completely nude, but she kept her t-shirt on.

I then got on my knees behind her, leaned over and began to lick
her. She jumped when my tongue touched her pussy, so I grabbed
her by her hips and pulled back.

"What are you doing?" she asked. I didn't answer. I just kept
licking.

"Eric, that's nasty!" she screamed.

"I know," I mumbled.

She tasted salty and there was a slight odor, but not enough to
turn me off. It was a little girls butt, after all.

I tongued her slit until I made her moan. Then she finally made
me stop.

She covered her butt with her hands saying that she couldn't
stand it anymore.

Again, I sat back on my heels, my dick sticking up harder than
ever.

"Let me do you," she said with a wicked smile.

Before I knew it she bent down and attempted to take my dick in
her mouth. Only part of the head would fit between her small
lips, but her tongue was doing a number on it, which sent
shockwaves through my balls.

I grabbed her buttcheek again and pulled her toward me. I found
the folds of her labia again and continued my exploration. She
was even wetter than before, and I was able to get up to the
second knuckle on my middle finger into her. She let out a high
pitched grunt, and I knew I hit a nerve.

I began to move my finger in and out and found it going deeper
with each thrust. I tried getting two fingers in her, and I was
about to get the second in. She was puffing on my cock now unable
to control her actions.

Finally she cried "Wait, wait!"

Then she straightened up and said "let me try this."

She then straddled my lap spreading her legs wide. I probably
wasn't thinking straight at the moment because it took a few
seconds before I realized that she wanted me to penetrate her.

She grabbed my stiff cock and placed it right at her pussy and
began to push herself onto it.

"Amy, are you sure?" I asked almost breathlessly.

She hummed "uh huh" and nodded her head. She was focused.

I felt her folds touch the tip of my penis and then pressure.

She moved my dick from side to side adjusting herself, and I felt
her slide down a little more.

My concern for her safety probably kept me from cumming at that
moment because the feeling was so intense.

I didn't hear a sound, but I felt a pop and the head of my cock
was fully inside of the little girl.

Her eyes widened with a look of concern, but then the quick smile
across her face let me know that something good had happened.

But if it was good for her it was fantastic for me! She had a
tight grip on my shaft, and it only got tighter as she descended.

She lowered herself more, and then her face screwed into a
grimace. She looked as if she were in pain.

"Do you want me to pull out," I asked praying with my whole being
that she would say no.

She said "No."

I breathed a sigh of relief.

Then she said, "Just wait. Let me get used...." And then she
pushed herself down deeper. I wasn't prepared for that, and it
sent a shock up my spine. I felt my balls tighten.

She began to bounce up and down, and I felt her getting deeper
with each thrust. I had to hold her butt because she was still so
tight it was pulling my skin.

I heard her begin to moan and I watched her face as her eyes
began to roll back in her head. She grabbed my neck and cried
"oh, momma!"

She was uncontrollable as she hugged me and her butt jumped up
and down. She was becoming shaky and losing her rhythm.

I made the mistake of looking down and saw my shaft sinking into
her pussy, and I lost it.

My balls throbbed and I launched my load into the little girl. I
grabbed her butt to hold her still, and I wanted to go balls
deep. But I felt my cockhead hit a wall and knew there was no
pussy left to enter. My orgasm was so powerful that I temporarily
blacked out.

I didn't scream. I squeaked. And I kept cumming. I never
remembered an orgasm lasting that long. But finally it was over.

When I became still Amy began bouncing again, but it was becoming
more difficult as my erection began to subside. She readjusted
herself and kept me in her, and with the new lubrication and
smaller size she found herself gliding more easily on my shaft.

"I did it," she smiled and wiped the hair out of her eyes. "I
knew I could."

"Are you ok?" I asked.

"Uh huh," she replied. Then she looked into my eyes and said "I
love you."

I kissed her again and I felt her tongue probe my lips. I felt
myself get hard again.

She began to push up and down again. The feeling was almost too
intense, but I could not stop her from enjoying herself. And to
be honest I was enjoying it too.

Finally, she became exhausted and couldn't go anymore. She sat
back causing my dick to exit her pussy with a pop. She laughed.

I looked at my spent cock expecting to see trickles of blood, but
there was none. It was covered in her juices and my cum. I looked
at her pussy now dripping cum on the ground.

After a minute or two I told her we better clean up.

"Let's go wade in the lake to wash off," I said.

She didn't say a word and simply followed me into the water.

"Want me to clean you off?" she grinned.

"No, it would only start things up again," I said.

"That's fine with me," she said with a smile.

As much as I wanted to I knew we would be missed if I stayed away
any longer.

"We better get dressed," I said.

And we did. I dried her off with my towel and helped her with her
clothes.

Then I put my own dry clothes on.

As I was gathering up my gear to go back to the pavilion Amy
wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me again with such
force I was almost knocked back.

I dropped my clothes, grabbed her and kissed back this time
forcing my own tongue into her mouth.

When we broke the kiss she smiled at me, and without a word we
headed back to the clearing with her leading the way.

I got the shock of my life when I saw a large group of people
surrounding a ranger's truck.

A small voice shouted, "There she is!"

It was Heather who began running toward us. I saw the grandmother
with a worried look on her face next to the ranger who looked
like he was ready to shoot me.

Then I heard my Mom say, "I told you if anyone could find her it
would be Eric. There he is!"

The crowd began coming toward us, and I became more nervous than
ever over what was about to unfold.

The grandmother screamed "Are you ok, Darling?"

Then Amy began crying.

"Oh shit, I'm dead," I thought to myself.

"I was so scared. I was lost in the bushes, and I couldn't find a
trail. Then I started crying and this boy found me. He saved me.
He told me not to cry and he would take me to find y'all," she
said almost breathlessly.

That little fox! She lied like a trooper, and everyone believed
her, even the ranger.

He came up to me and offered his thanks. The grandmother then
came and did the same. She dug in her fanny pack and offered me a
twenty-dollar bill. I refused it saying it was no big deal. I
really didn't do much.

She insisted I take it, and for a brief second I felt horrible.
Then I felt like a prostitute, which made me smile.

"What do you tell him?" the grandmother asked Amy.

"Thank you," she said shyly, and then came and hugged my leg.
Then ran back to be with her family.

Heather did the exact same thing and said "thank you for finding
Amy. You're the best!"

I patted her back and laughed.

The grandmother then said "Well, we've had too much excitement
for one day. Come on, girls, let's get in the car."

My heart sunk watching Amy get in the SUV, and I saw her look
back at me with a pouting lip.

I waved at her, and she waved back. As they drove off I saw Amy
close her eyes and lay back in the seat.

That happened a few years ago. I have no idea what her last name
or where she was from, but if somehow Amy should read this story
I'm going back to that state park this summer. I might even look
into a geocaching class.
