Brian rested his chin on Michael's soft plait of hair. "You and I both know this... tonight... is what we've wanted to do for years. Maybe it's time to give in to the temptation." 

Michael rolled his head around to fit in the crevice of Brian's neck and collar, resting his cheek flat. "What happens after we do? Tomorrow morning... things will be changed. We'll be different, but for the good or the bad?"

"We'll never know if we don't take a chance."

"What if that chance is the end of us? Where does our friendship go from having finally experienced sex together?"

Brian surrounded his arms strongly around Michael's frame. "I know I'm not going anywhere. I'll always be here." He tried to make Michael raise his head to look him in the eyes. "Are you uncomfortable? You've never been uncomfortable with me before?"

Michael shook his head. "It's not you... it's the camera." He let his eyes flick once toward Ben, then back down to Brian's shirt front.

"Are you scared of what the camera will see?"

Ben could almost swear Brian was "parenting" Michael right about now. The gentle rocking of their bodies, the low tone of his voice to soothe.

"The camera is inanimate. It's the people who'll watch us that'll be on my mind."

Brian softly chuckled. "You've always been shy, a tad introvert, about sex."

"Brian..." Michael lifted his head with some confidence. "... this is a little more than public displays of affection on Liberty Avenue or in Babylon... or even Woody's."

"Ben.." Brian didn't even bother looking over at Ben. 

"Hmmm...?"

"Can I get a solid guarantee... only you and your professor friend see these tapes?"

"Of course. That was my plan all along. Once the thesis is complete, he'll decide if he needs to watch the footage or not.” Ben shrugged as if it was no big bother to get rid of what he was working on to capture. “I'll get the DVD back. If neither of you want it, I was going to destroy the disc and erase all my files."

Michael's brow furrowed in confusion. "You'll film for hours, but only use short clips? Doesn't make sense."

"The film actually helps me write the paper, since it's a psychology paper. It'll verify words, actions and whatnot. The clips can confirm or deny what really happened. The details are in my writing, not in the video footage. I'm not making soft core porn, Michael. It's a character study on Brian."

Michael caught Brian's intense gaze, then lowered his eyes shyly. "Have you caught any of the other, uh... men... in a sexual act?"

"Well, uhm..." Ben cleared his throat, feeling a tad constricted in his esophagus. “... yeah, in a way.”

"Really?" Michael sounded more confused than shocked as he periodically looked at Ben under lowered lashes. Brian was more attentive to Michael's needs of comfort while the conversation went on about him and his past conquests.

"Some were a day or so after sex with Brian. One only two hours. They both felt at ease enough, in front of the camera, to do what they felt like."

"Did they masturbate?" Michael blinked slowly, eyes attempting to be steady. "Have sex? Have sex with you?"

"Yes... uh, yes... and no..." Ben scratched at his back hairline. "I'm not gonna lie. Watching them, during the interviews got me horny. But I never interfered. I waited until they were gone."

"Did you find yourself arriving at my apartment on any of those nights to enter my bed?" Michael could already sense he knew the answer; he only wanted to confirm.

"Yes."

"Christ!" Brian turned his head away in mild disgust. Although, he actually would have done something of the same ilk, but never to Michael. Using Michael to help fill sexual needs was something he'd always wanted to do, but never actually succeeded.

Michael was beginning to grow numb. He was constantly being disappointed by what he had thought was his close relationship with Ben, these last three months. "Where exactly do I fit in again... for Brian?"

Back to the reason why they were all here.

"You... are what keeps Brian human."

Michael and Brian shared a look of such perplexity, then Brian snickered, making a scary monster face, growling and showing "claws".

Michael chuckled, shaking his head. He playfully pushed Brian. "Quit it!"

"No. You... quit... it..." Brian was poking Michael in every one of his ticklish spots with both index fingers.

Ben didn't know if he could stand much more of this... and they hadn't even entered the bedroom yet. "Are you guys ready to answer some questions for the interview portion?"

"Yes." Michael chimed in as he smiled down at Brian, trying to show him how much f-u-n he was having.

"I suppose... if we have to..." Brian moped and pouted.

"Let's move into the living room, then." Ben wandered over to place the camera back on the tripod. He also needed to charge up the battery packs. As he waited for Michael to sit, he began to veer the camera "eye" to focus on him. He knew Brian would chose to sit as close to Michael as he could. "Uh, okay... let's see if I remember some of these off the top of my head..."

Michael grabbed one of Brian's hands as he slid in next to him, dead center on the couch. Brian put his left arm along the back of the cushions behind Michael's head, so it was Brian's right hand Michael took between his two palms. Michael's eyes flittered up to watch Ben as he organized himself as if he had performed this action more than once, then retook his seat in the chair, caddy corner to Michael and Brian. "So... these are questions you've asked all the men?"

"Yes, Michael." Ben adjusted his frames on his nose, pulling out his newly sharpened pencil, and a fresh legal pad. "There are quite a few of them. I'll start with the first set. See how far we go for an hour or more." He looked up at the time and jotted his needed information down. "Okay... let's begin..." He crossed one leg over his knee, laying the legal pad on his thigh. He took out a second note pad, with a spiral down the spine, with a bunch of number questions written in dark ink on the notebook lines.

Brian began to snuggle more near Michael, and crossed his left ankle over his right knee. The left knee almost rested on Michael's lap.

"This one is for either of you... what and who with was your first 'gay' experience?" Ben had enough time to gather his emotional control to treat this interview as if he were some kind of therapist. It was how he was taught to do these types of questions and be capable of withstanding such an overabundance of emotions and mental images after each interview. This one would be his hardest one yet..

Brian nodded his head, looking over at Michael. "Gym Coach. Locker room showers. I was..." He scratched at his upper lip. "... uhm... 14..."

Ben and Brian glanced over at Michael who was thinking really hard.

"Brian... same age..." Michael spoke matter of factly. He rubbed one hand over the top of Brian's hand.

Brian lifted a curious eyebrow toward Michael. "Me? You serious?"

Michael seemed cautious he might have been mistaken. "Wait... what constitutes the 'experience'? No sex... just 'feelings' and 'emotions', right?"

Ben slowly nodded his head, pinching his top lip. "Most likely the question is asking you when you knew, most certainly, that you were into guys. That you were a homosexual."

"Then... yeah..." Michael nodded quickly, snuggling under Brian's arm. He felt the fingers cup his farthest biceps. "... Brian." He even blushed from the forgotten memory.

Brian did look away but then he shook his head. "No, wait... sorry... I can't stand it. Explain, Michael."

Michael turned wide eyes to Ben. "Do I have to?"

Ben smiled, motioning a hand toward Michael. "Up to you."

"Ben's not here." Brian leaned forward to build up an "imaginary" wall between them and Ben. "Spill."

Michael switched his eyes to stare into Brian's penetrating gaze. "Community swimming pool... summer 198-..."

"Not those kind of details... the other ones..."

Ben snickered under his breath. He knew exactly why Brian had that frustrated tone to his voice. He bit the top of his pencil, out of a bad habit. He needed a smoke, in the worst way.

"Well... same as you. But you were showering to wash off the chlorine and you..." Michael used one hand to demonstrate a swipe into his waistband to his crotch.

Brian smirked, watching that weird maneuver Michael did with his hand. "I... what?"

Michael rolled his eyes, crossing his arms over his belly. "You were lowering your trunks enough to show your pubic hair. You took your dick out for, like, a quick second..." He wiped at his brow. "... but I saw it. You weren't hard at all, but not small like most men are when flaccid. It... you... were beautiful."

Brian stared dumbfounded, then bit his bottom lip. He slid back into his old position, pulling Michael backward to cuddle into his chest. The arm that was once on the back of the couch was now secure across Michael's mid-torso, from around the back. He might actually like these questions... he was a little horny.

Ben moved on to the next question. "What... and who with... was your first sexual experience?"

"Does it have to be gay?" Brian asked with some trepidation.

Michael turned a shocked eye to Brian. "Wha-? Brian!"

"What?" Brian lowered his eyes, looking at the rug on the floor.

"You... you had sex with a girl?"

"Correction. A woman. No intercourse... and it was terrible. I thought I was The Shit."

"Brian..."

Brian sing-songed Michael's name. "MI-CHAEL!"

Michael sighed, glancing at his hands in his lap. "Well... my answer is pretty tame. Carter Riley. 10th grade."

Brian was a little taken aback. "You had Carter?! I couldn't get near him."

"Maybe he liked brunettes." Michael brushed his fingers through his dark waves. "Or maybe you were boinking that wo-man too much to notice." He didn't know if he liked knowing Brian had done that type of sexual experimentation. "Carter gave good head, though."

"How was he?" Brian's hand caressed Michael's skin on his belly.

"He only liked 'giving', not 'receiving'." Michael frowned at the memory, because he would have traded a few of his favorite comics to have gone down on that boy, in whatever capacity he wanted.

"Bastard. I hate it when they're picky." Brian grumbled, kissing the back of Michael's head, attempting to make him feel good about the loss.

Ben cleared his throat to signal the next question coming up. "How would you describe yourself in a sexual relationship : TOP, BOTTOM or VERSATILE?"

"TOP!" Brian called out and even raised his hand.

"Versatile!" Michael yelled, then got the strangest looks from both Brian and Ben.

"Michael!" 

“Mikey!”

"What?!" Michael swiveled to look at Brian, then back at Ben.

Brian chuckled, squeezing Michael tighter. "Nothing."

"No, wait... can I change that?"

Ben wasn't able to contain his laughter. So he erased what he'd written. "Sure. To what?"

"I'm willing to be versatile with my partner in bed, but... I prefer being the BOTTOM."

"I knew it!" Brian chimed in.

Michael reached over to tweak a nipple.

"Ow!" Brian rubbed the soreness away, but had actually enjoyed the tweaking.

Ben kept his eyes on his papers, his pencil poised. "What is your favorite sexual position?"

"Missionary."

"On my back."

Brian and Michael had spoken at the same time, saying... pretty much... the same exact thing. They smirked at one another, glancing out the side of their eyes.

Ben wiped at his perspiring brow. These question were only going to become more difficult as he went along. He actually liked the one-on-one interviews better. "What was the biggest cock you've ever had?... and is it true... does size matter?"

Brian spoke up first. "Biggest cock... uhm... that I've taken is a 9... and N-O."

Michael swallowed, dragging a pillow over to hold to his chest.

"Michael..." Ben had shifted his eyes from Brian to Michael, waiting.

"What?"

"You've been honest this far." Ben tried to add some empathy to the mix.

"11 inches." Michael mumbled it under his breath.

"HOLY! SHIT!" Brian covered a hand over his face.

Michael flipped around to face Brian directly. "No.. c'mon... he told me he wasn't sure, but he thought he was 9 soft -- 10inches when hard. But... God Damn if he couldn't get it in me all the way. I found out how big he really was."

Brian made the most disgusted face Michael had ever seen, like he smelled sour milk. "Did you run away and join the circus?"

Michael had to chuckle because it was becoming a bit hilarious... back then, it had been a total and complete meltdown. "Brian... that's cruel. Dirk was a very sweet guy. Ted introduced us."

"Oh, Teddy..." Brian rolled his eyes, shaking his head. "I should have known. Freaks do tend to flock with their own. Did Gigantor ask for a second date to try again?"

"No. I'm afraid I couldn't even give him a decent blowjob. Handjob..." Michael demonstrated with his hand which caused both Ben and Brian to cringe in fright. "... but it was sloppy. And he... uh, literally erupted when he orgasmed." He was beginning to make himself giggle. "I had to change my sheets and take a shower when he left.

Brian became serious for a moment. "Did you let him fuck you?"

"Sort of."

Brian moved to face Michael. "How the fuck does that happen?!"

"Brian..." Michael reached out to pet Brian's shirt and chest to console him. "... he was so painfully shy and inexperienced. He could only get halfway in before... well, let's simply say... YES... size does matter when pain is involved and NO, I don't really care how big a guy is... as long as he knows what he's doing with what he's got." He tucked his leg under his butt, hugging the pillow to his chest. He was waiting for Brian to come back over to him.

"Amen to that!" Brian echoed as he contemplated eleven inches of anything entering any orifice on his body, much less Michael's small body.

Ben wiped a hand over his face, keeping the fingers curled about his jaw. "This one's for either of you... how many is the most men you've had in one night?"

Michael smiled at Brian. "I know your answer."

"I know you know." Brian glanced at Ben, sitting back, ramrod straight in the cushions. "Does it have to be that I was in the same room or do I have to have fucked every single one of them?"

Ben shrugged, looking at Michael watch, and listen closely to, Brian answer. "I don't think it really makes much difference."

"Then 5."

"Liar." Michael smiled and mumbled his heckle.

Brian turned his head to glare at Michael. "How many then?"

"There were almost 7. Including Ted."

"I never fucked Ted!"

"Did I say you fucked Ted?!"

"He was innocently doing taxes... got invited to an orgy. No big deal."

"He talked about it for weeks. You made his year." Michael reached out to soothe over Brian's shoulders.

"Yeah, well... never say I don't try to be nice, every once-n-awhile." Hazel eyes challenged brown to admit another secret. Michael sure had them stored away tight. "What about you?"

"3 or 4. Can't really recall. Drunken haze."

Brian went silent, stunned. "When?"

"Uhm..." Michael tried to think back. "... when I was first going out with David. I wasn't feeling so attractive... skipped out to Babylon. Snorted... drank. I could've smoked, not sure."

"You went without me?" Brian couldn't believe this.

"Gus was still a baby, Brian. Priorities."

"Yeah, but still..." Brian slid over, grabbing Michael's knee and slipped up the thigh. "... something could have happened to you. I always told you to never do drugs... even heavy alcohol without me."

Ben's startled gaze was frozen on Brian. What a truly heart wrenching thing for him to say. Jesus... that was something you said to someone you really had feelings for.

Michael slid over and down, coming up under Brian's arm. "I'm sorry." He brushed fingers over Brian's jawline. "You can't be there for me all the time."

Brian swallowed the lump forming in his throat. "Of course not..." He nudged their heads together, ruffling the back of Michael's head. "... if you don't tell me what's going on. You could've come over. Spent some quality time with me and the Little Guy."

Michael closed his eyes, pressing his brow to Brian's cheek. "I'd already bothered you enough. You dressed me up... in all your fine, fancy clothes. You guaranteed I was so hot... he'd want to fuck me into the wall."

"What? Were you ashamed to come crawling back to me with another sad, pathetic tale of rejection?"

"I don't like failing you."

"You didn't fail me, Michael. David failed you."

Michael tucked his face into Brian's neck, one arm hugging him. "Thank you." He pressed a chaste kiss to Brian's lips, then they sat cuddled much more closer than ever on the couch.

Ben had to readjust his seating. "Who... or what... is your Ideal Man?"

"Uh... eesh..." Michael found that one hard to respond to.

"Can we skip that one, Benji?"

"Why?" Ben glanced over his wire rims at Brian.

"Because I think there are better questions to be asked and we can ask that one later."

Ben shrugged one shoulder. "Okay. Only wondering." He turned the page in the spiral notebook. "What do you think is the most erotic part on your body?"

"My cock..." Brian bellowed.

"My ass..." Michael filled in.

"My ass, too." Brian added after Michael's answer.

"Uhm... maybe my thighs. I like my thighs... oooooo, and my biceps." Michael flexed them.

Brian chuckled, shaking his head.

Ben snickered as he glanced at the next question. "What do you think is the most erotic part on... each other? Brian... you go first..."

Brian glanced at Ben for a long time before he broke away to look over at Michael, who was staring at him. "I'll agree with the 'ass' thing. But I'm gonna have to add... the small of Michael's back. And... his lips... and eyes."

Michael fluttered dark lashes over them for Brian, making him roll his own eyes.

"Michael?" Ben switched his gaze to look at Michael.

"I, uh... I like Brian's long torso, how it flows right into his hips. He's got great hips, especially when he wears really, really tight leather or suede. And uh... his hands... the hair, can't forget the gorgeous hair. Eyes... it's what caught me first about you, how they change colors and all..." Michael was looking over Brian's entire inventory, not paying attention to how much Brian was smiling at him. "I like strong chins, too... the length of Brian's neck. Uhm... his lips... tongue. I like his thighs and biceps as well. And... gah... his calves tapering down to his ankles... and... sheesh, Brian is the only man I know who can carry off bare feet... as sexy..."

"Is that it?" Brian asked in odd wonder.

"Do you mean your cock?” Michael raised a curious eyebrow, a smirk growing off one side of his mouth. “Well, Brian... we haven't been formally introduced. I know it's there... I've felt it, too, but..."

Brian put hands over his ears. "Shut up. ShutupShutupShutup..."

Michael started chuckling uncontrollably. "Anymore questions, Ben?"

"Three more."

"You okay, Brian."

Brian put pressure on his temples and rubbed. "Yes... I'll be fine in a little bit."

"Here... c'mon..." Michael scooted all the way to one end of the cushions, patted his pillow. He wanted Brian to lay down, with his head in his lap. "I think you can still respond as long as you don't fall asleep."

Brian settled on Michael's lap, feeling the tiny fingers comb through his mane of hair. He shut his eyes in complete bliss. "Go ahead, Benji... do your worst."

"What's your biggest 'turn-off'?"

Brian opened his eyes, blinking long and slow because of Michael massaging his scalp. "Being unkempt. I like a man who is put-together well. He's clean. Works out. He doesn't have to eat healthy, but if he maintains his body well... I like that."

Michael cleared his throat, prepared to reply next. "Uhm... well, mine have more to do with character. Rudeness... big turn off. Anyone who thinks they're superior over the less fortunate. Uh... here's a weird one... a bad dancer. Don't ask me why. Bad table manners, but also... when their manners are too good, bossing everyone around. Oooooo... and guys who touch you when you talk."

Brian bent his head upward to look at Michael. "I touch you when I talk."

Michael bent over Brian's face. "Yeah, but I know you. I'm talking when we're at Babylon or Woody's and the guy can't say 'BOO' to you without feeling you up, especially when they think they can cup your crotch.'

"I do that to a few guys, but only if they've initiated first." Brian resettled his head on the pillow.

Michael petted Brian's forehead, brushing the bangs back. "I'm sure some men appreciate it, but not me."

Ben rested his elbow on the chair arm, leaning his cheek on the hand. "What is your biggest 'turn-on'?"

Michael put up a hand. "Can I go first?"

Ben chuckled, shaking his head. "Yeah... go ahead."

"Physically... eyes kill me. And a nice body. Someone taller than me. He doesn't necessarily have to be great in bed, but he can't be atrocious." Michael covered Brian's mouth when he chuckled. "Character-wise... kindness... smart, witty. Good sense of humor. He has to have a job, his own income . I really don't care what job he has as long as he's working. Warm... affectionate... loving... uhm... I'll stop..." He began to blush a little. 

"Awww... and you were on such a roll." Brian grumbled as he pulled Michael's hand off his mouth, keeping the wrist in his clutches. He rested the hand flat to his upper torso.

"Your turn." Michael gave out a soft chuckle, patting Brian on the chest.

"Me?" Brian splayed a hand over his chest. "Well... I do care if the guy is good in bed. Otherwise, why am I bothering? Character... I'm pretty okay with since I'm only around them for short periods of time. I like maturity in men... not old age maturity, but not school boy mentality. I like... uhm... well, I like a man who is good to his family. Strange, I know." He could feel Michael's fingertips brushing along his neck and collar. "Physically... what Michael said... great eyes... nice body, knows how to use it. I get turned on by good grooming. Maybe it's a terrible fetish, but I like it."

"One more... then we're done for awhile..." Ben let out a long sigh.

"What does that mean?" Michael frowned not truly understanding the change of events.

Brian sat up, looking over at Michael. "We'll move into the bedroom."

"Already?!" Michael looked about wide-eyed and frightened.

"Michael..." Ben was about ready to explain, when Brian put out a hand to stop him from talking further.

"Nah... I got this, Benji." Brian faced Michael, head on. He reached out to grab both of his hands, they were shaking. "Tell me what I need to do to make you feel at ease."

"For one thing... why aren't you more upset over this situation.” Michael wasn't sure why it bothered him that Brian was extremely nonchalant about what could happen between them tonight, while he kept being such a basketcase. “Right from the moment we found the missing journal... you've been... changing. Not in a bad way, but you've gotten, calmer. Your hand is being forced. You never simply cave in without a fight.” He couldn't believe that Brian would bend this easily to comply with Ben's wishes; there had to be another excuse Brian was keeping to himself. “You haven't really been as angry as I thought you'd be."

Brian smirked, looking at Michael under long lashes. "Not as upset as you, apparently."

Michael brought their arms to his lap, pulling Brian closer. "Brian... it's a biased character study on you. Based on random men who've only known you for a few hours. I've known you for almost 20yrs... and there are some days when I can't define you. Others when you knock me off my feet with who you really are. Who you keep from the world. The rest of the time you piss me off..." Brian and Michael shared a chuckle. "... making me wonder sometimes why I'm even your best friend."

"Just curious... why are you my best friend?"

~~TBC...