“This is... it ’s...” 

“Yes?” Tarrant presses anxiously. He is no Painter, he knows, but he had done his best to stay true to his wife’s suggestions and imaginings. Perhaps he had flattered himself Too Much in thinking he could replicate the visions in Alice’s mind. They do not share an Imagination, after all, even if they do share their Hearts. “Alice?” he prompts, feeling his heart beginning to twist and coil in his chest, as if it is wringing itself. 

He watches his wife – his wife! – step back away from the living room windows, her footsteps softly echoing against the pale wood floor. Tarrant’s hands itch for his brushes and paint pots. He knows just the rug that will enamor Alice to this room! Oh, if only he had thought of it sooner, why it’s— 

“Perfect,” she says, turning and smiling, her hair glowing in the sunlight. “ This house... our house... It’s perfect. ” 

He sighs out his misgivings and anxieties, smiles with relief and satisfaction as she dances – twirling with the dust motes – toward him. “I’m so happy you like it.” 

“Of course I like it!” She pivots within range and Tarrant reflexively puts out his arms to catch her... but then, with a wicked grin, she ducks under his arm and galumphs past him. “But I’ve only seen the one room! I might change my mind!” she sing-songs. 

Tarrant snorts as he turns to follow her. “If you were hoping to make me nervous with that threat, you failed,” he informs her. “You sound much too delighted to feed my fretting.” 

“Then perhaps it will grow hungry and wander off in search of Greener Pastures,” she replies, skipping backward through the kitchen, trailing her fingertips along the underside of the cabinets and then spinning herself into the doorway of the bathing room. He had put it in the tower, as originally planned all those years ago when he had begun dabbling in House Painting. He had not expected Alice to insist on leaving that part of the house unchanged, but he had been unable to deny the mischievous twinkle in her eyes when she’d adamantly supported the idea. 

In fact, he had not expected a lot of things. 

He had not expected Alice to forsake a life Above, to give up the family that she had grown up with. 

He had not expected her to – upon witnessing his Darkest Secret – confront it. Destroy it. He had not expected her to try to protect him from that. He had expected her to ask him for some time to consider Things. He had even half expected his stubborn wife to begin doubting the wisdom of drinking the Eternally Under... She had not done either of those things. 

He had never expected to fall in love with Alice. To be married to her. And yet, here he is, with his wife , Alice Kingsleigh, in the house which he’d Painted. 

Tarrant feels a grin stretch his lips as wide as they can possibly go as his wife’s delighted laughter echoes up in the cavernous space of their bathing room tower. Just as he steps up to the threshold, moves to put one foot in the room, Alice is out of it, brushing past him and giving him a poke in the side as she does so. He twitches and giggles and then listens as she races up the stairs to the second floor. 

He doesn’t follow her. 

Although he had built all of the rooms upstairs, only one of them had been finished and furnished: their room. The rest are merely sketches; plain white walls held together with black strips of pencil leading. Until they know for certain what they wish those spaces to be, sketches they will remain. 

He leans against the rounded, stone wall of the tower where it intersects with the kitchen and closes his eyes. Much of the house is still bare inside. There is no sofa in the living room opposite the hearth... not yet. Nor is there a table and set of chairs in the kitchen’s dining nook. There is a bathtub in the tower room along with other necessary fixtures, but the bulk of his Nesting energies he’d spent upstairs. In their room, he knows precisely what Alice will find: the brick hearth and the rug she had so ardently advocated, a settee just large enough for two with a table for holding books and beverages and reading glasses and hair ribbons, the bookshelves that they will fill with all their favorite stories and histories and how-to texts, the windows with their striped shutters and tea-leaf paper shades, and the bed. Tarrant had spent quite a lot of effort on that bed. He’d gone through several sketches in his drawing book as well. 

He waits, marveling at the silence upstairs. Tarrant leans his head back against the walls and imagines Alice’s reverence as she inspects the shelves, caresses the settee’s pale blue upholstery, trails a single finger around the little oak table, and even sits down on the bed. Perhaps she leans back and rolls into the center of it, looks up at the green canopy, counts the populace of pillows that Tarrant had indulged in. 

He wishes he could see her expression. He wishes he felt confident in controlling himself with her as she glows with happiness in their room with their bed only two strides away. It had been difficult enough keeping his distance in her Heart space... but here, in a room with a bed that is theirs .... He is not confident, despite Alice’s confidence in him. True, she had burnt that gingham dress in her hearth, had Welcomed him into her Heart, had shared her secret with him, had accepted his reassurances that he would never leave her alone, that he would never make her weak or powerless, that he would never be anything less than her dearest friend... although he hopes he will one day be considerably More... 

Yes, that More is also troubling. Alice wants him... and oh , how he wants her. That has not dulled, abated, or lessened one whit! Yet he still fears he will hurt her. He had not had the heart to tell her that his Darkest Secret remains in his Heart still. She had destroyed it once... but not for all time. It still haunts him although it is insubstantial now, a ghost... a mirage of terror... and he suspects it will continue to haunt him until he finds the strength to face it, to dare to make love to his wife, to trust himself that he will not injure her in his selfishness, his desperation, his inexperience, his madness. 

He sighs, wondering at the miracle of his wife. She knows about those things – those traits – of his. She knows and yet she wishes to stay married to him. She is trying to love him. Perhaps she will never Love him, not as he does her, but that is fine. It is more than fine. She has promised to be his and they are together and these sorts of things grow with time, do they not? One day, perhaps years from now, she will Love him. Alice has never failed at anything she has tried, so he has faith. One day... Yes, one day she will offer that to him. He will wait. Although he will not make her wait for him. 

Today is the twenty-eighth day. At sunset, their Courtship will be over. Officially finished. They’ve followed all the proper steps, from Beholding the Key to Their Hearts right on through Reaping What They Hath Sown—they’d plucked a few fresh vegetables off the vine just two mornings past. There is nothing to prevent them from joining together, now, no excuse he may make that would be anything other than a delaying tactic instigated by his own concerns. He will give her what he had promised, even though he fears himself. He owes it to his wife to be the man she believes she’d married. He owes it to their future to deal with that gut-clenching fear once and for all... 

“Husband?” 

He blinks open his eyes and looks down. Somehow, Alice had managed to descend the stairs and creep up on him in utter silence. “I was just thinking about you,” he tells her, keeping his hands at his sides. “What did you think of the... our room?” 

The smile she gives him is an answer in itself. It is a slow gentling of her features, a soft curving of her lips, a luminous glow of her eyes that would not have been possible had she not drunk the Elixir. His breath catches and he struggles with the desire to embrace her. “I think,” she begins, “there is only one thing in the world that I believe is better than the room you made for us.” 

“And what might that be?” he inquires, his brows twitching as he considers and discards alternative after alternative. 

She reaches a hand up to his jaw and he leans into the touch. Waits. Wonders... Is it possible Alice loves him more now than she had a fortnight ago? Had he not felt the fledgling emotion on the Crown, he would have assumed that she does love him. But the memory of that emotion returns, reminds him that Alices are stubborn and not prone to change. And she has changed quite a lot in the last week and a bit has she not? No, certainly there is no room left in his budget of miracles for that. But it is fine. He is fine. Everything is fine. 

“You,” she answers in a tone that suggests he should have known that. “The only thing I prefer to our room is the man who made it.” 

He grins, unable to beat back his hope. And he does Hope. But he must be patient! 

He has no words; no replies come to him so he merely smiles at his wife and she pets his jaw. He is tempted to close his eyes, imagine her lips forming the words he so wants to be true... 

She sighs. It is a sound of resolution. “I have something to show you.”