Amelia's Halloween Disaster
by theoneandonly

Amelia glanced at the clock again, it read 5:50pm. She had only ten minutes to finish getting ready before her ride would arrive to drive her to school for the Halloween Party. The girl began to panic and rush around her room looking for the pieces of her costume. She was going to go as Black Widow this year, well the blonde version of her. She hoped that her classmates would enjoy her costume and maybe make better friends. See, Amelia was a good student, leaning on the nerdy side. She mostly kept to herself during the day which earned her a bad reputation with the other classmates, most of them thinking that she thought she was better than them. It was the opposite though; Amelia was just really shy and self-conscious. She didn’t like showing off skin and never thought too much of her appearance, even though she was very cute. She had a fit body from running all the time after school, which gave her a really firm bubble butt, girls were jealous of her ass and guys would stare as she walked by. Unlike her large derriere, she lacked tits. She never quite developed past an A cup, and it drove her mad. If she raised her arms up, her breasts would disappear and all that would be left are her pointy nipples bobbing about. She hated how her nipples jotted out and seemed to always be hard. They seemed to pierce through her A cup bras to say hello to the world, and it’s because of that that Amelia stuffed her bras to resemble a B cup. She was ashamed in it, but she liked how it gave her an appearance of being more mature and how the padding nullified her nipples. Amelia also had black framed glasses and gorgeous blue eyes. But her pride was her blonde hair. Her hair was silky smooth and shoulder length and would produce perfect curls without having to do anything to it. It was obvious that she cared about her hair since she always fiddled and brushed it during class.

It was 5:55pm now. Amelia squealed in angst. She was just in her padded black lace bra with purple trim and matching panties. Why oh why did she take a nap after school and forget to set her alarm?! Amelia grabbed the ‘Black Widow’ tight pants and began to pull them on. Because of her bubble butt she would normally have to buy a size up, but the Costume Store only had a small in stock and she decided to buy it anyways. Amelia struggled with the pants trying to pull them up her ass and with a big tug she managed to accomplish her task, but the yank pulled her panties up too, giving her a permanent wedgie. Amelia attempted to relieve the wedgie, but the pants were too tight and she couldn’t fish them out without taking the pants down again and she didn’t have time for that. She figured she could deal with her panties stuck up her ass. She grabbed ‘Black Widow’s’ top now and pulled the tight form fitting zip up on. She then slowly zipped it up all the way so it looked like a normal shirt. It fit her well, but she was missing the typical cleavage that Scarlet Johansson had in the movies. So she pulled the zipper down to tit level. Amelia was taken aback by how large her tits looked smooshed together with the padding. The purple frills of her black lace bra were peeking out subtly too which made it hotter. Amelia admired her chest in the mirror and made a few adjustments to hide any padding that might be seen. To finish off her costume she put on silver arm bracelets and grabbed two small squirt guns. Credit to her, she looked like a good blonde Black Widow with glasses. Her suit was tight which isn’t something she liked to wear, but she wanted to impress the other students.

BEEP BEEP!!

A car horn blared in her driveway. “I can’t believe I made it in time” Amelia thought to herself. As she turned to leave her room she caught the reflection her ass gave off in the mirror and for a quick second she could have sworn she could see her wedged panties right through the black material. She didn’t have time to double check, so she said good bye to her parents and ran out to the driveway with a pit of fear in her stomach beginning to grow. Her neighbor and fellow classmate, Jen, was giving her a ride. Jen didn’t care for Amelia, it wasn’t anything they did to each other, and she just didn’t know her or care to. But Amelia asked for a ride and Jen said sure since they were neighbors after all. Jen was dressed as a slutty witch and had a happy surprised look on her face as she watched Amelia run out to her car. She has never seen Amelia look like this before. Amelia got in the car and Jen complimented her look and then they were off. The two girls talked as if they were old friends. In Amelia’s mind her outfit gave her more confidence and it was already doing its job.

The car pulled into the school parking lot and Amelia stared out the window at all the students. The popular girls wore promiscuous outfits that showed off their bodies while everyone else had cool interesting outfits. Jen hopped out of the car and before Amelia could buddy up to her, Jen ran to her friends group and vanished into the party. That’s when Amelia’s confidence started to fall as she became aware she didn’t have the established friend group here. Her school friends told her they weren’t going but Amelia insisted on coming anyways. Amelia shyly entered the School Cafeteria and could feel eyes on her from classmates she never interacted with. A group of those eyes belonged to Brie and her squad of bitchy cheerleaders and boyfriends. Brie hated Amelia for no reason other than jealousy. Brie wished she could have blonde hair like Amelia, and one time her boyfriend, Mark, drunkenly said he thought Amelia had the best ass in the school, a statement he instantly redacted and said Brie had the nicest ass; Brie never forgot. Brie was dressed as slutty Cinderella in a short blue gown. Amelia’s social anxiety kicked in and she walked to where the refreshment table was. The table had Jack O Lanterns and snacks and a punch bowl on it. She grabbed a cup off the table and found that it was sticky. Disgusted she looked for extra cups and saw that there were some off to the side behind a group of pirates talking and joking with each other. She didn’t want to interrupt so she leaned over the table to reach for them. Behind her, Brie and her posse watched Amelia’s bubble butt jiggle as the blonde bent over the table. The stretched out black pants became virtually see through and they all could see her wedgied panties and ass cheeks clear as day. Brie went to make a joke but saw her boyfriend staring in lust, same as all the other boys around him. Meanwhile, Amelia successfully grabbed the cups and unbent over. She could have sworn she heard angry sighs from behind when she did that, but put it out of her head. Brie was pissed that her boyfriend was practically drooling over Amelia’s ass so she gathered her cheerleader friends and came up with a humiliating plan to ruin Amelia’s night.

Amelia shyly stood off to the side and took in the sights and sounds of the party. She was aware of the looks she was getting from boys and was blushing a bit. She also saw a few girls were giving her the stinkeye and muttering to each other. Maybe coming to this party wasn’t the smartest idea, she thought. She was here for an hour already and just kept to herself like usual. Amelia made up her mind and wanted to leave since it wasn’t going like she imagined, but that’s when Chet, a boy from her science class, approached her and asked if she wanted to dance. Chet was wearing a sloppily put together ‘strongman’ costume. Amelia was giddy and said sure in an almost whisper. She knew Chet was one of the more popular boys in school and that he hung out with Mark and Brie and the rest of the cheerleaders. She also believed Chet was in a relationship with one of Brie’s friends. As they made their way to the dance floor, Amelia asked Chet about it. His response was that his girlfriend said it was fine because she didn’t like to dance. Amelia shrugged it offand began to dance. The music was blaring some pop punk songs and Amelia was shredding her anxiety. She danced with Chet for 3 straight songs and even found her way to the center of the dance floor with other students cheering them on. She was lost in the moment and wasn’t aware that the cheers were more wolf whistles because of her outfit. Her tight pants became see through and showed her wedgied panties and ass with every slight bend or dip she did. Every dance move she hit, her ass jiggled and her padded chest heaved. When the 3rd song ended she was hailed with applause as if it were a seen in a movie. She felt so fulfilled and accepted by her peers, a feeling that she always longed for. She wasn’t aware that Chet was looking at Brie and her cronies on the outside of the dance floor giving him a signal. He nodded and grinned and wondered if Brie was actually going to go through with her plan. As the fourth song was winding down, Amelia followed Chet and they made their way to the fringes of the dance floor. That was the most fun Amelia has had in a social setting ever. But her good feeling was about to end.

Amelia left the dance floor following Chet and could see that he was making a bee line straight to Brie and her friends, and that included Chet’s girlfriend, Tina (who was dressed as slutty Snow White). Amelia slowly followed even though she knows Brie has always been a bitch to her and didn’t like her. All the dancing has caused her to sweat a bit and make her skin glisten, it also made her clothes stick tighter to her body than before. Chet didn’t even look back at Amelia once when they left the dance floor and instead went through Brie and the girls to talk with the guys behind them. This left Amelia standing in front of the girls by herself. The pit in her stomach returned as she saw Brie’s face give an evil little smile.

“Enjoy dancing with Tina’s boyfriend, slut?” Brie asked in a bitchy tone, “You think its ok to be all up against someone else’s man?”

Amelia was at a loss and quite nervous now. All she could muster as a response was, “Um, Chet said that, um, Tina said it was ok.”

“OK?! Why would I say it’s ok to act like a slut with my boyfriend?!”, Tina yelled at her with an evil grin on her face.

The two on one verbal confrontation was almost too much for Amelia to handle. She didn’t know what else to say. “Im sorry, ok? I, we, were just dancing. I wasn’t being a slut.”

“You weren’t being a slut? What do you call your cleavage out and showing off your ass in those see through pants!? HUH?!” , Said Brie.

Amelia’s mind whirled, what See-through pants are they talking about? But then she remembered the quick reflection she saw in the mirror earlier. Amelia suddenly glanced behind her and stuck her butt out a bit and saw the black pants material become transparent and could see her bunched panties and ass cheeks. She felt sick. Has everyone seen her ass and wedgied panties? Amelia quickly put a hand over her ass and stood up straight. “Eek! I, I didn’t know. Look, I’m sorry but I have to leave.” Amelia turned to leave the conversation but was grabbed by Brie and Tina.

“Oh, we aren’t buying that excuse. We know you’re a slut who has been dying to show off her body. That’s why you chose to dress like this tonight. So we are going to help you show it off.”, Brie sinisterly whispered into Amelia’s ear.

Amelia began to fully panic and tried to call out for help but Tina placed her hand over her mouth and prevented her from making a loud peep. Naturally, Amelia began to struggle but found that the 2 cheerleaders were much stronger than she was and easily held her in place. Amelia then felt the back of her shirt get raised up and then heard the girls sniggering with delight.

“OMG, look Tina, the slut’s panties are wedgied up her ass. She must like the feeling of them. Lets help her out!” , Brie said with laughter.

The two bitchy cheerleaders then each grabbed handfuls of Amelia’s black lace with purple trim panties and yanked them sky high. Amelia howled into Tina’s palm as her panties rocketed up her ass to about mid back level. Her asshole burned from the friction and pressure began to build on her pussy. The girls weren’t satisfied and yanked again on the poor blonde’s panties, this time stretching them to shoulder length. Amelia moaned in pain into Tina’s hand and was able to scream words for help. The 2 bullies quickly released Amelia’s stretched put panties which loosely fell down into place outside her pants. Brie and Tina nervously looked around to see if anyone heard Amelia, and to their delight they couldn’t even see any chaperones around at all. A few fellow students glanced over to them but returned to their own business not thinking anything of it. Amelia bent over and tried to pull her panties from her asscrack. She made a mistake by not running away from the bullies. Brie and Tina grabbed Amelia and pulled her closer to them. Tina’s hand covered the blonde’s mouth again. Once again Amelia felt her panties being grabbed by the girls and tightened her ass ready for another wedgie.

“Hmm, Tina, ya know we were able to get her panties to her shoulders last time, I bet if we got more help we could snap them over her head into an atomic wedgie. Hahaha!”, laughed Brie.

Tina then called for Chet to come over. Amelia’s heart began racing. They wouldn’t ask Chet to give her a wedgie right? Chet wouldn’t do it, she told herself. They just shared a moment together on the dance floor, He’s a good guy! Amelia’s face blushed red and was very hot as she heard Chet approach behind her. Hearing his laugh as he clearly saw the two bitches holding her stretched out panties was a horrific punch to her heart. She listened to Brie and Tina tell Chet what to do and he laughed. Amelia strained her neck and looked back over her shoulder to Chet and locked eyes with him. He had a big grin on his face and no soul behind his eyes. Amelia was able to muster out a “..Chet..” before the big jock wrenched her panties up over her head with the power of a charging rhino. Amelia’s eyes went wide as the panties burned through her asshole and pussy. Then her vision became obscured as the black lacy panties snapped down over her eyes and nose, effectively trapping her in an Atomic Wedgie. Tina removed her hand from Amelia’s mouth and Brie shoved Amelia forward. Amelia stumbled and awkwardly wobbled about. She could hear the bullies behind her laughing, but then she heard laughter coming from all sides. Amelia’s spirit instantly left her. She stood knowing that her classmates were watching her stumble around in an Atomic Wedgie. The pressure that was on her pussy was immense, but the fire in her ass was out of this world. She needed to get out of this Atomic Wedgie and get away from Brie. Amelia grabbed at her panties but found that she didn’t have enough strength to pull them off her head. If she couldn’t remove the wedgie, then maybe she could get away. Although her vision was obscured from the panties, she could still make out objects and people. Amelia began to awkwardly shuffle away from Brie and got about ten feet away before 2 hands grabbed her around the waist. By the touch, she knew it was Tina and Brie again. Before she could yell, in a sudden swoosh, she felt her black pants get violently pulled to the floor.

The laughter that broke out at seeing Amelia standing with her pants around her ankles and in an Atomic Wedgie drowned out her cries. Amelia freaked and tried to run away and instantly tripped over the bundled pants on her ankles and landed hard on the ground in the ‘face down ,ass up’ pose with her back slightly arched from the atomic wedgie. Amelia would die if she knew the view Brie, Tina and a whole bunch of other students got from seeing her from behind like this. Her black lacy panties were basically as thin as string down below. So her asshole was just about covered but her pussy lips were clearly visible since the panties were basically flossing them. Brie grabbed at Amelia’s pants and pulled them off her feet and tossed them behind her into the crowd of students. Amelia came to and realized her compromising position and sat up. She didn’t know how much could have been seen and she didn’t even want to think about it. A good thing he did notice was that when she fell, her panties tugged a bit more so she was able to finally remove the atomic wedgie. Her stretched out panties lazily floated down to her waist. But it’s here that she looked around and found that she was the center of attention with all her classmates circling her. She shot a hand behind her to pull the wedgie out of her bubble butt as her other hand went down between her thighs to hide her crotch. A few tears trickled out of her eyes as she was ready for a full blown cry, but she was interrupted yet again by Tina and Brie pulling her up to her feet.

“Don’t cry yet, Amelia, we are just getting started!” hissed Brie.

Tina pinned Amelia’s arms behind her back, forcing Amelia’s obscene cameltoe into view, which got a pop from the crowd. Her pale pussy lips were reddened from the friction. Amelia saw classmates with cameras out and hung her head in shame. Brie didn’t waste any time and walked in front of Amelia and grabbed her chin with one hand to force the blonde to make eye contact with her. Amelia was defeated and could only watch in horror as Brie began to unzip her shirt. Amelia suddenly came back to, its humiliating enough to be pantsless in school after being horribly wedgied, but if Brie was to find out and reveal to all her classmates that Amelia stuffs her bra, she would be ruined. It became fight or be humiliated time, and Amelia needed to fight. The zipper tugged down just below Amelia’s bra when Amelia nailed Brie in the head with a vicious head-butt. The sudden assault caught Brie by surprise and she crumpled to the floor in extreme pain. Tina was frozen by shock at what just happened, that she didn’t even realize Amelia pulled free from her grasp and hit her with a back elbow to the jaw. Tina crumpled to the floor too. With her tormentors down on the ground Amelia was free to run away and she did…….., for all of 5 feet before turning back around with vengeance on her mind. Amelia fixed her cameltoe wedgie before returning to the downed ‘princesses’. Amelia is not a fighter or a mean girl, but she wanted to embarrass Brie and Tina so much. Brie got up to all fours and was trying to regain her thoughts when she felt the hem of her blue gown get pulled. She looked over her shoulder to see Amelia holding it with hate in her eyes. Before Brie could plead or say anything Amelia pulled her dress upwards over Brie’s body until it tangled around her shoulders, revealing Brie’s tanned ass in a skimpy hot pink G-string, but most of all how Brie decided to go braless. Brie’s C-cup tits swung free with her tiny pink nipples instantly getting hard. The crowd cheered as Brie shrieked and tried her best to cover up. Amelia saw Tina get up from the corner of her eye and had to release Brie’s blue dress. Tina stupidly charged Amelia, who easily side stepped her. Since Tina was still dizzy from the elbow shot she received, she fell to the floor on all fours next to Brie. It didn’t take a rocket scientist to figure what Amelia was going to do next. She grabbed the hem of Tina’s yellow dress and just like she did with Brie’s, she pulled it up to her shoulders. Tina was trapped in her own dress and heard the unmistakable sound of laughter, and she knew it was for her choice of panties. Tina’s tanned ass was revealed to be covered by a tight pair of ‘My Little Pony’ panties. And like Brie she also chose to go topless, so her B-Cup tits with her rather large pink nipples were exposed too.

So there the scene was, in the middle of the school’s Halloween Party, Amelia (who is panstless in stretched out panties) just bested Brie and Tina (who are laying on the floor tangled in their dresses with their panties and tits exposed to the school). The crowd was whooping it up and taking picture after picture of the 3 women. Amelia stupidly believed their adoration was for herself and instead of quickly leaving the Party she wallowed in the spot light for too long. She forgot that maybe Brie and Tina would be pissed and want to punish her. Brie was the first to fix her dress. Her blushing face looked around and at the gawking students and rage filled her soul. Amelia looked at Brie’s body language and knew she fucked up and that she should have left when she has the chance. Brie rose from the ground like a monster from a slasher flick. As Amelia turned to flee, Tina caught her ankle from under her dress. Amelia stumbled away which gave Brie the perfect amount of time to catch her by her stretched panties. She pulled back hard, but Amelia kept trying to run away. Amelia’s black lacy panties began to stretch away from her bubble butt to the point that they were four feet away from each other. Amelia only stopped running when she heard a ripping noise. As she looked over her shoulder to the grinning Brie, she saw Tina was all put together again and standing next to her. The girls then began to pull Amelia’s panties back to her like they were winding up a hose. Amelia had no choice and backed up to the girls. They threw the blonde backwards to the ground. Amelia’s bubble butt gave her some padding when she hit the ground but the hard tile floor still hurt her back. Without wasting any time Brie was on top of Amelia and pinned her arms with her knees. She then proceeded to unzip her shirt right where she left off. Amelia shook her head and begged which only convinced Amelia that she really didn’t want this. When the shirt was fully unzipped and pulled away, Brie saw why Amelia fought so hard before. As a woman she easily spotted the thick padding that Amelia used.

“AMELIA STUFFS HER BRAS!!!AHAHAHHA!”

Tina and the fellow students broke out laughing. Amelia began to sob as her secret was being revealed. But Brie wasn’t satisfied with simply telling the class, she wanted to show them. She reached her hands under each bra cup and removed the thick padding. She was amazed at how much padding there was. The empty bra cups drifted down and laid on Amelia’s flat chest in comical fashion, and as sure as day Amelia’s hard ass nipples were pointing through. Brie tossed the padding aside and grabbed at the black bra straps and began tugging. Amelia squirmed and freaked and called out for help but no one moved to assist. The students gleefully filmed the incident. Tina came over, still pissed from her kiddie panties being exposed, and tore at the bra straps too. The poor bra didn’t stand a chance against the angry cheerleaders and it tore right off Amelia’s body. Amelia lay pinned beneath Brie as her tiny A-cup chest got revealed to the whole class. Her hard, large nipples bobbed and pointed sky high.

And yet after all this Brie and Tina were still not satisfied. Brie grabbed Amelia by her beautiful blonde hair and pulled her to her feet. Amelia screamed, “Not the hair, Not the hair!’ as she felt she pain on her head. She probably shouldn’t have said that because instantly Brie remembered how much Amelia loved her blonde flawless hair. Tina grabbed a handful of Amelia’s hair at the suggestion by Brie and the two girls dragged her toward the refreshment tables. Amelia screamed and kicked her feet as her hair was being pulled. When they got to the tables, Amelia was forced to stand straight up as the 2 bullies held her hair. Out of nowhere, the stretched elastic of Amelia’s panties finally gave out and the black material fell to the ground at her ankles. Brie, Tina and the rest of the class now stared at the perfect thick blonde bush that was nestled between Amelia’s thighs. It was a beautiful sight to see. Amelia now stood completely naked with her tiny tits, hard nipples and thick ass and blonde bush exposed to the entire class, while 2 cheerleaders held her by her treasured hair. Amelia was sobbing again, not knowing how she ended up in this situation. She remembered how much fun she had like 30 minutes ago. She was snapped out of her thoughts by her hair being pulled. Next to the Refreshment table was a table with supplies they used to decorate, like paper, scissors, tape, markers and washable spray paint. She watched as Brie reached over the table toward scissors. Amelia began to panic thinking Brie was going to use the scissors to cut her prized hair, so she was relieved when Brie’s hand went past the scissors to the duct tape. Tina held Amelia’s arms behind her back as Brie taped them. Amelia was rendered useless. She couldn’t fight back if she wanted to now.

Brie grabbed Amelia’s hard nipples and tugged her along to the other table. Amelia shrieked and shuffled after her with her panties still bundled around her ankles. Amelia desperately tried to keep up as her nipples stretched in pain. I guess she wasn’t’ walking fast enough for Tina, because she grabbed a handful of Amelia’s blonde bush and pulled which made Amelia walk faster. Tina gave a hard yank on her bush and then blew off the few pubes she pulled out at Amelia. Amelia didn’t know what to expect when they got to the refreshment table, but soon it became abundantly clear.

“Bend over the table like you did earlier tonight, slut!”, Brie hissed at her. ”Time for a spanking.”

Amelia was shoved by Tina and bent over the table. Her thick ass pointed out to the gawking audience. Brie and Tina then went to town on her ass. Spank after spank. Amelia screamed and wailed as her ass was slapped by her two enemies. Her large ass jiggled between each slap and each impact sent waves of pain through her body. It didn’t take long for her ass to turn a shade of pink. To take things further, Brie and Tina pulled Amelia’s legs as far apart as they could, effectively revealing Amelia’s asshole and pussy to the cameras and students. Amelia went to beg for mercy and change the new position, but the spanking started up again and her words turned to shrieks. SPANK SPANK SPANK SPANK SPANK!! Brie and Tina took turns going left cheek, to right cheek. Soon Amelia’s large ass was as red as an apple with slight bruising starting in. The girls only stopped spanking because their hands began to hurt. Amelia’s red ass uncontrollably shook from the pain and it made her asshole wink to the audience. Brie looked over at Amelia, satisfied with the spanking, but the pristine blonde hair still irked her. Then she got an idea. Brie told Tina to stand Amelia up and make her face the audience. Amelia was a blubbering mess and had no fight in her. The classmates were happy to see her tiny tits and blonde bush again. Brie meanwhile, grabbed a pumpkin off the table and a knife and began to remove the top of it. Once the top was removed she carved an upside down face into it. As Brie was carving the pumpkin, Tina was lewdly posing Amelia for the cameras, and Amelia just went along without any fight. Once the upside down face was carved, Brie carried the large pumpkin over to Amelia. Amelia looked up at Brie and knew what was coming. Brie turned the pumpkin upside down and dumped the orange guts and goop onto Amelia’s hair. Amelia could feel the thick orange goop flow over her hair and fall over her naked body. Brie then grabbed the red punch bowl and dumped it over Amelia’s hair turning her blonde hair into a shade of pink. The punch instantly made her naked body a sticky mess. Then Tina and Brie grabbed the carved pumpkin and pushed it down over her head. There were still globs of pumpkin goo that mushed with her hair and face. Luckily, or unluckily, Amelia could see out of the smiley face that Brie had carved in the pumpkin.

Amelia saw Tina approaching with a hot pink marker. Tina grabbed Amelia’s long nipples and began to completely color them the hot pink shade. Amelia tried to pull away but Brie just slapped her already throbbing ass which made her stay put. When Tina was done, both of her nipples were bright pink a very obvious. Brie, meanwhile, grabbed a can of orange hair spray. She approached the front of Amelia and knelt down by her waist. Brie then focused the orange spray onto Amelia’s blonde bush. When she stepped back, Amelia’s bush was bright orange like the pumpkin on her head. Amelia looked ridiculous, she was standing butt naked with a thoroughly spanked ass, a pumpkin on her head, her tiny A-cup tits with hot pink sharpied nipples and a thick bright orange bush, along with her discarded black panties around her ankles. Amelia could see her whole class hooting and hollering at her and taking hundreds of pictures and videos. She was utterly embarrassed. But what might be the most embarrassing thing, is she was turned on. Somewhere along the line during the spanking she felt her body start to betray her. Thank God the spanking stopped when it did or else Brie and Tina might have noticed her pussy begin to glisten. And now knowing everyone was staring at her body, made her feel so many conflicted emotions. Brie and Tina looked up and down at Amelia and wanted one last thing for her new ‘costume’.

Brie grabbed one of the classic pumpkin Trick-or-Treat candy buckets and then grabbed the Pumpkin stem. She taped the stem securely to the bucket’s handle. Amelia couldn’t see exactly what Brie was doing but the sound of tape and the giggling of the classmates made her afraid. Brie suddenly popped up in front of Amelia holding her new contraption. The orange bucket was filled with fun size candy and in the middle of the handle there was a taped on, thick pumpkin stem. Still unsure what Brie was planning, she asked.

“Well, as much fun as we’ve had here tonight I think its time to end it. But I found a fitting way to reward all the students here with a treat as they are leaving. See, me you and Tina will be by the exit. And you’ll be holding this bucket with the candy. Well, you won’t be holding it with your hands, that’s what the stem is for. You’ve been in so much pain I want to give you some pleasure before we’re through. The stem will go in your whore pussy and you’ll hold it there and everyone will grab a piece of candy from the bucket as they leave. If it falls out we’ll but it back in and give you more spanks. Sounds good? Great! Lets go!”

The crowd cheered and before Amelia could protest, the pumpkin mask was quickly lifted and her discarded panties were shoved into her mouth before the pumpkin mask was lowered again. When they got to the exit door, Tina forced Amelia to spread her legs so Brie can insert the thick stem. Brie was surprised to see how wet Amelia’s pussy was. The stem slid up nice and tight and filled the blonde’s pussy. Amelia moaned with ecstasy, she thought she might cum right there. The stem didn’t hurt at all which she thought it would, but it felt amazing in her. Brie whispered to Amelia that she doesn’t think she’ll make it 10 people before it slides out of her wet slut pussy. The students happily filed out 1 by 1 taking much joy grabbing a piece of candy from the bucket. Some guys brushed their hand near her bright orange bush, while some girls dug through the bucket to watch Amelia squirm. Amelia made it 22 people before it fell out the first time. Brie did as she said she would and the 2 girls spanked Amelia’s bruised bottom and slid the stem back into her pussy. Amelia almost came again. Another 15 students left when it fell out a second time. This time Amelia’s pussy leaked a bit when it fell out. Another few spanks and up the stem went. 2 more students got their candy before the bucket fell again and this time Amelia fell to her knees too. She humped the air in hopes of getting off and climaxing. Brie and Tina then lifted her to her feet and slapped her ass before shoving the stem back in her, this time they held it in her. Every 5 kids that left, Brie and Tina would raise and lower the bucket effectively fucking her with it. Amelia’s knees quivered and shook every time they did it. She couldn’t stand the teasing anymore. She just wanted to cum so bad. By the time there were only a handful of students left, the stem was covered in Amelia’s juices so much that Brie and Tina didn’t want to touch it anymore. Instead they used quick thinking and turned Amelia around. Tina grabbed Amelia’s thick red ass cheeks and spread them wide so Brie could shove the stem up her ass. It was a tighter fit but since the stem was nicely lubed up it went. Amelia cried into her panties in slight uncomfortableness. The remaining classmates took great pleasure digging for the remaining candy at the bottom of the bucket. Eventually all the classmates left with their candy and they couldn’t wait to go home and post their pics and vids (and probably masturbate to the night).

With all the students having left, it was time to leave before they were caught by the cleaning crew. Brie untaped the stem from the handle and left it stuck up Amelia’s ass. Tina then helped remove the pumpkin mask that was on Amelia’s head. Amelia’s perfect blonde hair was temporarily stained a pink hue from the red punch and was sticky and had globs of pumpkin guts throughout. The girls forced Amelia outside into the crisp cold air and watched as her already hard nips became like diamonds. Amelia looked around the empty parking lot and saw that the only car left was that of Brie and Tina. I guess Jen left her here after witnessing her humiliation. They girls led Amelia to their car, where Tina grabbed something from the back seat. She pulled out 3 glowsticks. She cracked 2 of them so they lit up bright green and attached them to Amelia’s pointy nipples. Brie, meanwhile, cracked the third and attached it to Amelia’s throbbing, engorged clit. Brie and Tina then slapped Amelia on the ass and told her to get to walking home. Amelia knew she had no other choice and began the cold walk. She didn’t live that far away and knew it would take about 30 minutes to get there. Walking with a pumpkin stem up her ass made her shuffle awkwardly along. But the glowstick that swung off her clit was stimulating her with every move it made. Brie and Tina followed her in their car with the high beams on so other drivers wouldn’t miss seeing the naked girl. Amelia was extremely mortified knowing that random townsfolk have now seen her naked too. What if one of them recognized her? When Amelia finally got to her street, Brie and Tina got out of their car. The girls removed the glowsticks from her nipples and swollen clit and then took the stem out of her aching ass. They didn’t free Amelia’s taped hands that were still behind her back, but they did give her her wallet and keys that were in her pants.

“Thank you so much for the lovely evening Amelia! You were so much fun to hang out with. If you ever want to do this again, we are so down. Can’t wait to see you on Monday!”, Brie said in a bitchy tone. “Oh, and just so you know. All the pictures taken from tonight won’t have your face in them. We’ve already sent out a mass text that if someone does include your face we’re going to get them next. So cheer up. You’re gonna be popular now!”

With that the girls got in the car and sped away. Amelia walked to her house and was able to unlock her door and go inside. She quietly made her way to her room and shut and locked her door. She found her scissors and freed herself from the tape. She didn’t want to, but she signed into her social media accounts and found the countless pics and vids of her being humiliated and like Brie said, not one of them included her face. Amelia found some relief in that at least. She quietly went across the hall still naked to the bathroom and started the shower. She spent a lot of time scrubbing her nipples and her bush to dilute the bright colors. In the end she knew it would be about a week for it to go away. The tint in her hair easily came out and for that she was glad. She soothed her poor ass and her asshole with the water head and then brought it over to her pussy. Amelia slid down and laid in her shower and aimed the water head right on her clit. She thought of all the humiliating acts she went through and how her class saw her tiny tits and bush and every single detail of her body. It didn’t take long for her to have a booming orgasm, and then a second. Amelia was finally satisfied. She finished her shower and cleaned up and went back to her bed. As she drifted to sleep, she didn’t know what tomorrow would bring or how she would deal with what happened, she just knows she will never attend another Halloween Party again. Well, maybe.

END
