They say love is patient; love is kind…as the proverb goes. But how will you define love when someone who means life to you has been taken away? Will you stay patient, will you still be kind? Yuki had given so much for this love; more than he thought could be possible. Shuichi has a way of ripping him raw, which made him uncertain of everything that he is. He is the person that taught Mr. Cold how to love…but the pink-haired brat is also the one who showed him how to hurt.

He let out a sigh. Shuichi is not coming back, is he? He asked the winds, and the surf. All they could do is gaze back at an angel with invisible wings, standing atop his simple fortress he had built. A lonely king on his lonely kingdom.

"Yuki."

A voice called. Silence.

"Yuki."

The blond angel laughed to himself. "I'm losing it; I'm even hearing his voice in the daylight."

Then arms went around his waist that caught his breathe staggering in his throat. He whirled around and came face to face with his dreams at night. "Brat." He called, his voice cracked. And then he cried, as he whirled around and squeezed him tight. The pink haired brat laughed hysterically.

"I can't breathe, Yuki!" he cried, as his face was bathing with kisses. And his arms went around his husband's neck when he melted into one kiss that took his breathe away.

They were so absorbed on each other that Hiro cleared his throat noisily.

"Hey, Yuki san. I thought I'll bring you a present since you've been a good boy for the past year." He said, with a grin and standing beside him was Suguru, who waved at Yuki.

Yuki smiled at them gratefully, "Thank you, Nakano." That's all he said, and that is enough for the red haired, knowing that it is a lot of effort for the former novelist to say those words.

He turned back to Shuichi, capturing his tiny face in his hands, "I miss you, brat." He said, his face still wet with tears.

Shuichi sniffed, he cried, too. He couldn't believe he is right here with Yuki again.

Hiro laughed when his best friend was trying to convince him he was ready to see his spouse again. Shuichi often eavesdropped on his conversations with his estrange husband. But often times, fell quiet, doubts himself if it is the right thing to do or if Yuki still wants him back. Now that he is here, he is determined to make it work. To make their marriage work.

The whole gang was there in support of the couple, to celebrate their renewal of vows. After all, they had been married for twelve years. Twelve years. Who would have thought they would last that long? They had been arguing and separating much more than regular couples, and although neither one is still in the limelight; their marriage is always under scrutiny. All those Shuichi haters, those women who felt he wasn't the right one for Yuki. Even the men said he was too immature for the former novelist. But Yuki. His Yuki put his put foot down and told them he won't let them talk about his wife that way.

So here they are. Alone in the bedroom. A little shy. Looking at them, no one would think that they had been together for twelve years by the way they blush and hesitate to touch or get close to each other.

Yuki moved. He sat down beside him. Taking the hand that was on the bed first, bringing it to his lips. Tears came. "Yuki." Shuichi croaked.

"Don't mind me, brat. I'm just so happy. I can't believe this is real, you are real." Yuki said.

Shuichi touched his face, gently wiping away the tears. He leaned close and kiss his face, smiling, almost close to tears himself.

"Better check your hearing, Yuki. It's all real. And I'm real. If you don't hear K singing Blue Suede Shoes off key, and the others cheering him on drunkenly, then you better have your ears check. I think there's a riot out there. I wouldn't be surprise tomorrow that we'll find your house turned upside down." Shuichi said, with a chortle.

He knows he was babbling. He was nervous. This is Yuki. He didn't want to mess it up. He let out another nervous laugh when Yuki advance closer. Inwardly he was groaning. Wanting to pounce on this beautiful angel. But he was glued to the spot, watching those beautiful lips curve into a smile, those golden eyes studying every part of his anatomy; he could feel himself melt by just those penetrating looks.

Yuki grinned, inching his face closer for a kiss. "Our house." He corrected.

Shuichi blushed, "Yes, our house." Letting Yuki take the lead.

Yuki undressed him slowly. Like it was their first time. Staring at him for a while before Yuki started trailing kisses down his body. Shuichi moaned, arching his body closer to those lips he missed so much. "Oh, Yuki."

Yuki couldn't breathe and stop crying. He was sending a silent prayer of thanks to all the gods that he had known. That finally this time, they will make it work. That this time, now that he had Shuichi back, he will never let him go.

Yuki licked and nip his neck, his favorite spot on his wife's body, the crook of his neck, where Shuichi is ticklish. Shuichi watched his every move, their eyes meeting, Shuichi moaned when he watched Yuki put his fingers in his mouth, sucking on them, and when he was satisfied, he teased his wife's secret hole. With his mouth over one nipple, he pushed a finger inside Shuichi's hole. He was tight and was sucking in Yuki's long fingers. They both moaned in euphoria.

Shuichi thought his brain is melting, his body turning into silly putty as Yuki played him and mold him into any shape he wants. He could only beg for more. Allow him to do what he please. This body is his, all his. And when Yuki plunged inside of him, he thought he had died because of the glorious feeling he felt. He felt numbed all over by the sensation of this man. All he knows he was trembling, and shaking with so much lust. And in seconds, he spurted all over himself. He let out a strangled squeak as he watched his partner took a gob from his stomach and licked it all up from his hand, as he danced inside of him, his wonderful eyes never leaving his.

Shuichi could not remember when they stopped; he could not even bring himself to move. He needed to pee badly. He moaned and tried to sit up; Yuki was sprawled lazily beside him, one arm draped possessively around his waist. When he moved, the blond man moaned and gripped him tighter. He leaned down and gave him a kiss, "I would be right back, love." He whispered. As if he understood, Yuki's arm loosened and Shuichi braved himself to sit up first. He gave himself a few minutes before he decided to risk standing up and walking. He could not remember how many times they had done it last night, how many various position and places around the bedroom that they did it. He even remembers doing it in the tub and one time in the shower.

After relieving himself, he walked to the sink and gargled. He looked at himself in the full-length mirror. His body was covered with love bites. He blushed. He felt all tingly inside. He wanted to squeal in delight. Oh, how he loved that man.

He heard a light knock on the door. He half runs to the door, not wanting to wake up his husband. It was Hiro.

"Hi, Shui. Sorry to bother you this early, but we need your help." Hiro said, with an embarrassed grin. Seeing his best friend naked and covered with hickeys.

"Sure, what's up, Hiro?" he asked, grinning, forgetting that he was in his birthday suit.

"It's K, he got so drunk last night or should I say this morning. He is at the pier, climbed on top of one those poles, a table cloth wrapped around his neck, he said he is the king of the world, and wouldn't come down." Hiro said, trying to deliver it with a straight face but end up chuckling. Shuichi snickered and glanced back at the sleeping form on the bed.

"But, that's not the problem, he's leaping from one pole to another, everyone is zonked out, only Suguru is helping me. Could you maybe try to get him down before he hurt himself?" Hiro said.

Shuichi nodded and smiled, "Sure." About to step out.

"Ah, Shuichi. I know it would surely get K down the minute he sees you, but lets try another method." He said, pointing at Shuichi's lower region. Shuichi blushed and closed the door.

They finally convinced their manager to get down from his balancing acts on the railings of the pier. But he also managed to take a dive and took Shuichi with him; he said they are going to dive for clams for Shuichi's renewal of wedding vows happening tomorrow. Hiro and Suguru managed to fish them out and back in the house.

Tohma reprimanded K for drinking too much, and got the whole crew wet, especially Shuichi. He warned the American that he would abstain from drinking for tomorrow's celebration.

"But-but boss!" K protested, tears streaked his face.

"Enough, Claude. You had better be sober tomorrow; I am tired of you impersonating Elvis. The reason I made you manager is because you can't sing!" he said, and everyone giggled at that. Everyone was up to witness three midgets hauling the swaggering ogre from the ocean, and with a limp and wet looking bride.

Shuichi changed his clothes immediately, not wanting to catch a cold. There is another knock on the door. Shuichi grinned, this is a morning of visitors today, he thought, opening the door now for Mika, Yuki's sister.

"Mika san." Shuichi greeted with a bow.

"I hope I'm not disturbing you, Shuichi chan." She greeted with a smile.

"No, no." he whispered, waving his hands with a smile looking over at the bed to the sleeping Yuki. He led her to the parlor.

She has a box with her. They sat down facing each other.

"I know both of you will be wearing slacks for tomorrow, but in some old tradition, there is a saying that a bride should have something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue." She began, as she opened the velveteen box. She took out the content carefully.

"This was my mother's veil, Shuichi. I would like you to use it for tomorrow. This is something old coming from me." Mika said, handing silky, light, white embroidered organza material to Shuichi.

Shuichi was speechless, entranced by the simple beauty of the short veil. She also handed him a tiara studded with tiny pearls and diamonds. "Oh." That is also he can say his eyes misty with tears.

He looked at his sister-in-law, could not believe this is all happening. He is so happy, he thought he could burst. "Mika san."

She smiled, rubbing his arm, "You're welcome, little brother." She said, with a chuckle. "And this is from your boss, Tohma." She said, handing him a blue silk scarf that he can put in his vest pocket. "Something blue."

Shuichi started crying then, "Oh, Mika san, thank you so much. Thank Mr. Seguchi, I am so happy. I got such wonderful family." He said.

"You're welcome, dear. You made Eiri a happy man. I never seen him so content before not when both of you got married." She said.

"Yes, twelve years. We've been together for twelve years." Shuichi said, sniffing.

"Come on, let's try it on." She urged, tugging at his arm. Shuichi nodded and they walk to the hallway mirror.

It fit Shuichi like a silk of white turban, with the pearls and diamonds crowning his headdress.

"My lovely bride." A voice called from the doorway.

They both whirled around to see a gorgeous sleepy angel slouching by the door, his shirt open, his hair tousled as if he just ran his hand through them. No matter the time, Yuki always never fail to take Shuichi's breathe away. He will always fall in love with this man over and over again.

"Yuki." He called, and ran to his arms.

Yuki caught him and lifted him in his arm, "I'm not supposed to see the bride in his wedding attire, brat. It's bad luck." He said, with a chuckle.

"It's just a head dress, Eiri. I don't think there's harm in it." She said.

But Shuichi got off Yuki immediately and ran to Mika, "Mika san, take it off now, I don't want to take my chances. I want to marry Yuki again for another twelve years." He said. The siblings laugh knowing that the younger man was serious. Mika helped him take off the headdress.

"Thank you, Mika san, I'm honored to wear your mom's veil." He said, shyly with a slight bow. Mika was about to reply when Shuichi started sneezing.

At first Mika thought it was the dust from the veil but she saw the watery eyes and felt the younger man's forehead.

"You are a little warm. And you got a cold." She said.

Yuki walked over and felt his forehead. "I better get you some aspirin or else we have to postpone the wedding tomorrow." He said, about to go to the bathroom.

"I'm okay, I guess, I caught a cold when K pulled me in the water this morning, it was freezing. But I will be fine. I would just take a warm shower now and take a rest." He said.

"I insist." Yuki said, and stalked to the bathroom. Shuichi looked over to Mika for help.

"Maybe its better if you do what he says, he is just worried." Mika said.

"I hate medicine, Mika san." Shuichi said, and when he saw Yuki, he bolted out the door.

The others thought it was a game when Yuki was chasing Shuichi around the house insisting that he takes his medicine. But when they saw that Yuki was serious and close to being pissed off, Hiro and K caught the singer and held him down.

"No, Yuki. I swear, I am okay. Please don't give me that, I will puke it, I swear, I will." Shuichi said, crying and sneezing at the same time.

"You will take this like a man, Shuichi Uesugi or I will divorce you tomorrow instead of taking my vows." Yuki said, seriously, gulping the liquid himself and clamped his lips around Shuichi's mouth, as he forced the liquid down Shuichi's throat.

Shuichi coughed violently, K and Hiro let him go, patting him in comfort. "It's not so bad Shui." Hiro said, trying to calm his best friend.

Yuki took him in his arms and kissed the top of his head, "There, there, baby, you will be better now." Rocking him a little to stop him from crying. Everyone can see a different Yuki, his face lined with worry.

"It's just a cold, Yuki san. He will be okay." K said, assuring.

"I hate you." Shuichi whispered. Yuki stopped rocking him. He pushed him roughly to look at his face.

"What did you say?" he asked, could not believe what Shuichi said to him.

Hiro did not like where this is going. "Okay, Yuki san. Let me talk to him." Intervening, signaling for K to take Yuki.

When he was alone with Shuichi in the bedroom.

"You should apologize, Shui." Hiro said.

"Why would I?" he asked, hands akimbo, his nose up, his mouth in a pout.

Hiro looked at his best friend, touched his arm to make him turn around and looked at him.

"Maybe, you never realized this, Shui. That man out there loves you so much. You have put him through so much, even worse than he had ever been in his entire life. He would offer the world to you if that is what you want. And here you are spouting hurting words just because he made you drink medicine because he is so worried about you." Hiro said.

Shuichi bowed his head in shame. "I never loved anyone as much as I love him, too, Hiro. I love him with my life. Yuki is my life." He said, in a small voice.

"Then go out there and prove that to him." He ordered, pointing to the door.

Shuichi found him sitting in the parlor, a drink in hand and cigarette. He stiffened when he saw Shuichi, put out his cold face, ready for battle number two.

Shuichi got the drink and put it down on the table, took the cigarette and put it out; Yuki was just watching him in silence. He then took Yuki's arms, put it around him, and folded himself in the older man's lap, embracing him, sniffing.

"I'm sorry, Yuki." He whimpered. "I didn't mean it."

Yuki let out a sigh, wrapping his arms tighter around the younger man. "Sometimes, brat, you undo me." That's all Yuki said but it hurt Shuichi even more hearing the honesty in those words.

"There's no one else before you, Yuki. You are the only one, my only one. And sometimes, it overwhelms me, your love blinds me, because I'm so afraid to lose it." He murmured under the crook of Yuki's arm.

He lifted him up, and made Shuichi face him, took his hand and kissed his ring finger. "You will never lose it, I'm yours, remember? Until death, do us part. You're wearing my love and my heart on your finger." He said, then tilting his chin, the next kiss landed on Shuichi's lips.

Hiro smiled when he saw them made up and walked out of the room to give them privacy.

Author's note: Heya, everyone. This is not the final chapter yet, but I need to cut it here for now. Preparing for the grand finale. Hope you people like this update. Give me your feedback and let me know. Gravitation is not mine; all the characters are very OOC. This is yaio or a gay fiction, so if you are not into that stuff, please passed on by. OOC is Out Of Character, so for those who do not understand that, it means all the characters are not like their original counterpart. This is not a spoiler. This is just a work of fiction. So hang on for the grand finale, see you people soon.