Jan, The In Between Years, Part Five.

The sun was dropping fast and we were starting to shiver so we wrapped towels around our naked bodies and walked up into the house. Anne went into the kitchen to fix some dinner and Sean and I went up the stairs holding hands and staring at each other, until we reached my room and I shoved him over toward the computer room as I snickered, "No more for you, big guy, right now this little girl is pooped and needs to clean out her little slit and soak in the tub for a while, okay?"

He laughed and punched me on my shoulder and then went into his room to get some new shorts on. I went into my bathroom and turned the water on and then poured the bubble bath in until the foam was high, then I stepped in and slid under with a big sigh. I laid my head back on the tub edge and closed my eyes and let the warm water caress my sore breasts and cunt lips and I was so relaxed I almost fell asleep.

I heard soft footsteps and opened my eyes to see Anne smiling down at me. I grinned back and reached up to pull on her arm and brought her face to mine and ran my little tongue over her soft lips and she shuddered and sank to her knees beside the tub. I handed her the big sponge and she began to run it all over my shoulders and neck and the top of my breasts, which were just barely poking above the bubbles. When the sponge grazed my little pink nipples I jerked as a little shock wave ran up my warm body. I trembled and arched up so she could see more of my tight little bumps and she ran the sponge all around over them, teasing me as she grinned at my gradually swelling little mounds.

"You really swell up. Don't you? I've never seen any little girl do that so much, and your little pink nipples get darker and so hard, honey. Doesn't that make you awfully uncomfortable?"

I giggled and placed my own hands over hers and pressed them hard against my breasts and shuddered at the delicious sensations surging through me. "Oh, God, if this is uncomfortable then I hope I am never comfortable again," I moaned, as she slowly kneaded my firm rubbery little cones and tweaked my nubs gently. The bubble bath made her hands so soft and slippery that I was getting so hot between my legs I thought that steam might rise up off the surface of the tub water any minute.

Anne noticed the flush running up my little white chest and smiled as she slowly slid her hands down over my tight little belly and I gasped when she found the top of my bare cunt lips and my clit jerked up to meet her probing fingers. I spread my legs as wide as I could and felt the waves in the tub surge back and forth lapping my cunt and I shuddered and moaned as Anne slid one finger up and down my slit until my folds swelled and opened to let my little clit peek out. My lips get so fat that there is hardly room for them between my little thin legs, so I opened them even more, letting my knees rub the tub sides, as I slid up and down on the slick bottom which teased my rear end and spread my little butt cheeks so my puckered hole also was being teased by the waves running under my body.

I gasped and jerked up off the bottom when Anne slid her fingers up into my tight little hole, spreading it more and more as I started releasing my juices which mixed with the soapy water making her fingers slide easily in. Then she started working them around in me and I was panting and holding onto the top of the tub sides for dear life as I thrashed around in the water. I bit my lower lip and panted, "Unh, Unh, Unh, Oh God, Anne! That feels so good! Don't ever stop I want it to go on forever!"

The warm vapor rising from the tub was making her sweat and little trickles ran down the sides of her face and neck and her blouse was fast becoming transparent. I stared at her big nipples jutting out under the cloth and I reached up and ran my wet hand over one making the cloth become soaked and revealing her firm breast underneath. She gasped and reached up and undid the buttons and opened the front so I could fondle her while she finger fucked me faster and faster.

I was panting and moaning constantly as she worked me over.  "Oh God, Anne, fuck me, please, oh God faster, faster, oh God, shove all your fingers up into me, like that, oh God that feels wild! Stretch my little cunt, oh God, I'm gonna' come, Anne, faster! Faster! Oh shit, here it comes! Oh, God!"

Then I grabbed her nipple hard and my knuckles turned white on my hand holding the tub side as I screamed and arched up out of the water driving her fingers deep into my gaping little opening and  I clenched my legs together tight around her hand as the orgasm surged through my trembling little body. The second convulsion hit my pelvic muscles and I screamed again and jerked around trying to breathe as my nerves seemed to numb and sing all through my glistening white skin. The water was sloshing out onto the bathroom floor as I continued to quiver and gyrate through my gradually decreasing shock waves.

I sank back into the water and Anne washed me all over tenderly as she pushed my stringy hair out of my eyes and smiled down at me, lovingly. I shook all over one last time, and then relaxed and closed my eyes, giving myself over to her and anything she wanted to do to me, I was so relaxed and feeling so good. Then I heard something and opened my eyes to see Sean standing in the doorway, staring at my totally wiped out naked body in the tub, and his mother on her knees in the puddle of water with her blouse hanging open revealing her stiff nipples to his eyes.

He grinned and came on into the room. "Is this a private party or can I join, too? I thought you were all pooped out, Jan; apparently you weren't, judging from all the screaming I heard as I was coming down the hall from the computer room. And Mom, since when are you a lesbian, hunh? Bet Dad never knew, or he might have stayed married to you," he chuckled, as Anne hurriedly buttoned up her wet blouse, blushing as she did.

"All right, Sean, enough already. Don't forget you are the child, and I am the mother, and I still rule the roost, so knock it off! Come on sweetie," She said to me, as she pulled me up out of the tub, "Let's get you dried off and go down and eat dinner. It's probably stone cold by now, anyway. Sean, go check the microwave and give it another minute or so, okay, honey?"

He smirked and then turned and left shaking his head and muttering something about dumb broads and lesbians under his breath. "Sean!" his mother barked.

 "Oh, okay, I'm going. Just try not to rape her again before dinner, okay?" he replied, as he bounced down the stairs laughing.

Anne ran the big soft towel all over my wet little body making me shiver again. She smiled and kissed me softly and then we went into my room to get a light little robe for me, and then downstairs to my Mom's room for her to borrow one of my Mom's robes to slide on after removing her soaked pants and blouse.

We all sat down and ate in silence as we all looked back and forth at each other until I cracked up and started laughing uncontrollably, and that got them started until we were all laughing so hard we were in tears. Sean grinned at me and I leaned over and kissed him on the mouth and he groaned and put his hands in his lap to hide his bulge that had jumped up on my making contact with his lips. It's so nice that young guys can do that so easily, but he was still embarrassed just the same. His mother laughed and so did I until he couldn't help but join us again.

We cleaned up all the stuff in the kitchen and then went into the den to watch the tube. Anne sat on the couch with her legs up on the big ottoman and I sat close to her with Sean on the other side leaning on the arm rest. The TV was boring as usual, and Sean asked, "Don't you have any movies or something besides this garbage?"

I looked up at Anne and gave her my best impish grin and said, "Sure, if you like porn, we have a lot of that. Dad collects all sorts." Sean's eyes flew wide and he stared at me in disbelief. "Are you kidding? Does he let you watch with him?" I nodded, and got up and went over to the cabinet and took out one of the CDs and slid it into the player. Then I sat back down and snuggled up to Anne and switched the remote to video and pushed `play'.




