Booty Shorts
by Jamie753

Amy has to pay up for losing a bet and wins an amazing day.

Amy lay in bed thinking about how her day had gone.

First noteworthy thing that happened that morning was her roommate Cassie telling her it was time to fulfill her obligation for the lost bet Amy had made over the weekend.

Along with her declaration Cassie had handed her a pair of shorts and told Amy that she had to wear them all day.

Looking over the garment Amy could tell they were going to ride higher than any shorts she had ever worn before. When she put them on following her morning shower she saw her assumption had been correct.

The shorts were extremely form fitting, kind of like a pair of tight yoga pants with the legs cut off. And they were short, like really short. Looking in the mirror she could see the bottom thirds of her butt cheeks were exposed.

Still the challenge wasn't a huge surprise. As their first year at college had progressed Amy had come to realize her roommate loved to put Amy in embarrassing situations.

There was the time she had finished her shower only to discover that someone had taken her towel. It was annoying, but since her room was only a couple of doors down the hall and she was living in a girls dormitory it wasn't like none of the other residents hadn't seen a naked girl before.

Thus it took several seconds after she stepping inside to realize that somehow Cassie had somehow snuck two guys into their room.

An independent observer would have been hard pressed to decide who was the most shocked.

The observer would have been easily able to exclude Cassie since she was clearly enjoying the situation. However the two guys and Cassie were all equally stunned.

Maybe a couple of jocks or popular guys could have dealt with the sight more casually, but these were the kind of guys who almost never got to hang around with the sexy girls on campus. And no one would deny that Amy had a very sexy body. Five foot, six with blonde hair that fell to the tops of her breasts, a cute face and a body that reflected her enjoyment of working out.

Cassie was also quite attractive and when they first met Amy had assumed that Cassie would hang around with the "in" crowd, but she came to learn that Cassie was more at home with guys that would have been referred to as "nerds" back in high school.

Amy was pleasantly surprised to discover that a benefit to Cassie's friendships with these guys was their willingness to help her when she was having trouble with some homework assignment.

However walking into her room stark naked only to discover two of Cassie's male friends standing there obviously both shocked and thrilled at the show she was providing prevented Amy incapable of reacting quickly.

Fortunately the few seconds it took her to react provided her a chance to decide how to handle the situation. Acting of if it weren't a big deal she calmly reached over on her bed and picked up the missing towel. She causally dried off and got dressed.

Brushing her hair and various other tasks, Amy left the room as calmly as possible. However once she was down in the lobby she had to take a chair to avoid collapsing on the floor.

Part of her was pissed that Cassie had tricked her into showing herself naked to two strange guys and she debating about telling someone in authority. This could have lead to Cassie being expelled from the college since males were only permitted to enter the building between 4:30 and 8:00 weekday evening and only between 12:00 and 8:00PM on weekends. There were additional requirements such as they had to sign in and out. They had to be escorted by a dorm resident at all times. Also any room a male was in was required to have the door completely open. If any male were find in the building at any other time or in a room with the door closed they could face punishments up to and including being kicked out of the college. At the start of every year a few guys were caught and punished until everyone realized the school was dead serious about these rules.

On the other hand a different part of her was shaking not from anger, but from excitement. Amy would never flashed a guy on her own, much less two. The feeling of showing off her naked body to strangers was so damn erotic.

She wondered what the guys were thinking. Were they excited or embarrassed? Did they wish she had stayed longer or that it hadn't happened? Would they be masturbating to the memory of her tonight? Had any guy ever pictured her while he was masturbating before?

She started imagining which guys in her high school might have jacked off to her naked image.

About twenty minutes later Cassie came downstairs. It was obvious from the look on her face that she was afraid of what Amy might have done.

Cassie told Amy that the guys were gone and asked if she wanted to come back up to their room and discuss what had happened.

She was obviously relieved when Amy stood up and walked over to the stairs. When they were back in the room and the door was closed Cassie explained.

She told Amy that the two guys had helped her out immensely with a project for one of her classes. She had decided to give them a peek at herself naked, but couldn't figure out a way to do it that would seem accidental. The only thing she could figure out was to sneak them into the room and do a striptease for them. The bad thing was undoubtedly the story would spread all over campus and everyone would think she was some kind of slut.

She had gotten the guys into the room and just as she was about to start stripping she had spotted Amy's towel laying on her bed. Knowing that Amy took a shower every morning she guessed that's where Amy was.

She had argued with herself mentally. It was her responsibility to pay back the guys, but it would look much better when the story went around campus if the guys had gotten their look accidentally. She was still mentally debating what to do when Amy walked into the room totally bare-assed.

Cassie had expected Amy to freak out, but instead Amy had played it off as no big thing.

After Amy had left Cassie had gotten the guys to swear they wouldn't tell anyone, telling them that if the authorities found out they had been in the room when they weren't supposed to be there all of them might get expelled. She hoped they would be able to keep their adventure to themselves, but she couldn't guarantee it.

Cassie ended her tale by saying she would do anything Amy wanted in return for not telling anyone that she had violated the rules.

Amy thought about it and said first she wanted to know what the guys had said after she left.

Cassie told her that they had been jabbering about had sexy Amy was. They said her titties were stunning and her ass was fantastic. They regretted now getting a better view of her pussy, but what they had seen was pretty sweet.

Cassie added that they had been amazed how calmly she had reacted to their presence. They said that it must be nice to know that everyone would love your body so you didn't have to be afraid of what people would think.

Amy laughed at that idea. She never considered herself like that. Then Amy told Cassie to explain how she had gotten the guys up to their room without anyone getting caught.

Cassie said that her older sister had gone to the same school and while she was attending had stayed in this dorm. While here she and some other girls had discovered that there was a staircase in the back of the building that nobody ever used. Apparently it had been an old fire escape, but somehow everyone had forgotten about it.

The door to the outside was behind some storage tanks and somebody at one time had stacked a bunch of stuff in front of it. There was one spot where you could slip in behind the pile of junk and get to the door. It was locked so it had to be opened by someone on the inside.

Amy asked why no one had discovered the stairwell's existence by the doors on each floor.

Cassie said that someone and painted a sign on the door on each level saying "dirty linen" so nobody ever tried them. Plus there was a lock on each door. She went on to say that her sister had learned how to pick the locks and in turn had taught Cassie how.

Then Cassie asked Amy how she had felt when she walked in naked in front of two guys.

Amy replied that she had been pissed that Cassie had stolen her towel while she was in the communal bathroom and tricked her into displaying her naked body in front of Cassie's friends. However she had decided that she wasn't going to give Cassie the pleasure of seeing her freak out so that why she had calmly dried off and gotten dressed.

Amy went to say that she had considered turning Cassie and the guys in, but at some point she remembered that she was the one who left the towel in the room. Therefore it wasn't really Cassie's fault that Amy had been naked when she came back to the room.

Cassie then asked if that's why she hadn't told on her and the guys.

Amy confessed that there had also been an intense excitement about being seen completely naked by two strange guys.

Cassie laughed and said it seems like Amy might have a streak of exhibitionism. After that incident Cassie seemed to look for opportunities to explore Amy's exhibitionist side.

Which is part of how Amy found herself later standing on a street corner waiting for the green light so she and the others standing there could cross as she felt a breeze caress the exposed portions of her ass.

In addition to the shorts Cassie had insisted Amy wear a matching sleeveless t-shirt. On the back of the t-shirt Cassie had written "lost a bet" and had drawn an arrow pointing down towards Amy's ineffectively concealed tushie. Amy didn't fail to notice that all the guys had stepped back behind her to eye her display.

One of the other girls had moved behind her to give Amy a little privacy, but Amy had told her that as much as she appreciated the gesture everyone was going to get a look sooner or later so she might as well let everyone get their chance now. The girl had moved to Amy's side giving the group behind them their uninterrupted view.

The girl asked Amy what the bet had been. Amy replied her and her roommate's high school teams had played a match over the weekend. Amy and Cassie had made a bet on whose team would win. The loser had to wear an outfit the other would choose.

Amy said that if her team had won she would have made her roommate wear a silly costume. Unfortunately Amy's team had lost, hence the cheeky display.

The girl had laughed at Amy's description.

The light finally changed and everyone started forward. Amy was on the side of the group closest to the intersection. She hadn't taken more than a few steps when there was a huge crash.

Everyone turned at the noise to see that a truck had run into the back of a car waiting to make a left hand turn.

Any question as to what caused the crash was quickly erased as the truck driver loudly proclaimed that it was worth it to watch that ass wiggle.

Amy added an extra little flip of her hips as the group continued crossing.

During the walk to her class there were other incidents, but nothing as bad as the crash. One guy walked into a light pole while he was distracted. One guy was staring at Amy's show until his girlfriend slapped him upside the head. One girl tripped and fell down when she unintentionally stepped off the curb while not paying attention.

Finally Amy got to her class. She was glad it was mathematics since she was naturally gifted in that subject.

When the class settled down the professor walked up to the board and wrote out an equation. Then she stepped away. She turned to the students and called out for a volunteer. As normal nobody moved.

Looking around she spotted Amy. With a slight grin she called Amy to come down and work out the problem.

If Amy had hoped to be inconspicuous she was out of luck. She hoped the professor might change her mind, but it wasn't to be.

Face a dark red color Amy walked down to the board and started studying the equation. At first there was a silence as Amy walked down, but by the time she reached the board everyone was talking.

A quick glance behind herself showed Amy that the vast majority of her fellow students had their phones out and they were recording her quavering ass.

Her only escape was to focus on the equation. As she wrote out the steps to solve the equation she got completely involved in solving the problem. So when she accidentally dropped the marker she unthinkingly bend over to pick it up. If there had been any chance that the others might stop recording that thought went right out the window.

Whereas the lower third of her butt had been exposed before, now fully half of each cheek was in plain sight.

All the time Amy was still fixated on the problem. It took her a little over ten minutes to get it worked out. Every moment of her time at the board her exposed fanny was being filmed by dozens of cell phones.

When she finished Amy stepped away from the board and the professor studied what she had finished. Amy was shocked when all of her work was quickly wiped off.

She whispered to Amy to step behind the podium and pull down her shorts. When she reached behind herself Amy was shocked to discover how much she was showing. A third had been bad, but over half was worst. When she finished the instructor told her to return to her seat.

After Amy was seated the professor told the class they had the same amount of time it had taken Amy to solve the problem to solve it themselves. Anyone she caught using their cell phones to solve it, whether using the calculator app or reviewing the videos they had film while Amy was up front, would get an automatic zero for the day.

Amy was exempt as she had already solved the problem.

Not surprisingly only a couple finished it. Three were caught trying to use their phones and got the promised zeros for the day.

As the class was walking out at the end of class Amy heard several comments. Some were demeaning, but she figured they were from people who had failed the test or were jealous.

Her favorite was the guy who said, "I'd take a zero any day for a chance to watch the that gorgeous ass shaking like that especially when Amy bent over and poked out those cheeks at me." Others quickly claimed that Amy had been displaying her ass for them too.

Her next class was Human Psychology. She had hoped to be able to maintain a lower profile this time, but that desire was destroyed when the professor called her up front.

The professor had Amy stand in the center of the podium. Then using her remote turned the lights down before clicking on a spotlight that made Amy to unmistakable center of attention.

She had Amy make a slow rotation. Amy stopped when she was facing the other students, but the professor had her turn around.

Then the professor asked for comments.

Someone said "slut". Which was quickly condemned by the rest.

Someone said "showoff". There was mixed response to this comment.

Someone else said, "honorable". The professor asked the speaker to explain.

A voice Amy didn't recognize explained. The person said that Amy had made a bet and when she lost she didn't welsh like a less honorable person would have tried to do. Instead she was fulfilling her obligation even though it was obvious that she was uncomfortable with the payoff. There was general agreement with this observation.

There were some more comments, then someone called out for the professor to have Amy bend over like she had in math class.

The professor asked Amy to explain. Amy told her that while she had been up at the board working on an equation she had accidentally dropped the marker and because she had been so focused on solving the problem on the board she had unthinkingly bend over to pick it up. She hadn't noticed at the time, but that had left about half of each cheek exposed.

The professor asked how she felt about that. Amy replied that she hadn't noticed it until the other professor pointed it out.

Then the professor asked her what she would have done if she had noticed the change. Amy replied that she didn't know.

The professor said, "Let's find out. Bend down and pretend to retie your shoes, but when you stand up keep your hands away from your body."

Amy decided she wasn't going to do it like she had done the last time and instead of bending over from the waist, she squatted.

What she hadn't taken into consideration was this posture actually put more stretch on the shorts and when she stood up nearly two-thirds of each buttock was showing.

From the other students reactions Amy could tell she was exposing more than she had hoped and started to reach back to adjust her shorts. However before the professor could tell her not to Amy stopped herself.

Then the professor asked for comments. The same voice that had suggested she bend over said this time it was even better.

There were a number of comments which were discussed for what seemed like hours to Amy as she stood there in the spot light with the majority of her butt on display.

Finally the professor turned off the spot light and brought up the other lights. She told the students to think about this class and to type up a three page paper on their conclusion.

As the others were gathering up their stuff the professor called Amy over. At last she let Amy pulled down the shorts. Then she told Amy she wanted her to write her report on what emotions she had been experiencing while up on stage.

When Amy left the class most of her classmates were waiting for her. Everyone wanted to know what she had been thinking while she was on stage and especially after she had knelt down.

She felt it was her responsibility to be honest so she told them that she had experienced a wide range of emotions. Everything from fear to humiliation to excitement, back to fear. When asked about the excitement she said it wasn't like happiness excitement, it was more of a fear excitement. Kind of like when you ride a roller coaster and the feeling you have right before it makes the first huge drop.

After answering more questions Amy said that she needed to grab a bite to eat before her next class. Most moved off, but a few walked with her to a nearby pizza joint.

They were almost there when they heard a loud "Shit" comment behind them. Everyone turned around and discovered a guy on a bicycle had ridden his bike over a storm drain cover and the front wheel had fallen into one of the gaps that allowed the water to drain through.

Amy ran over and knelt down beside him. She asked him if he were alright and he sheepishly replied that he had been so focused on her bouncing butt that he never noticed the drain. He said he was okay and Amy rejoined the others.

She pretended not to notice that the shorts had pulled up once again and she was now showing a sizable amount of bare butt.

One of the girls noticed the display and slipped up behind Amy as they were crowding in the door. She reached over and gave Amy a little slap on the ass. Amy pretended not to have notice which encouraged the girl, who reached down, gripped the edges of Amy's shorts and jerked them up even higher.

Amy wasn't sure, but it felt like each cheek was now completely exposed.

A finger slid across where the bottom of the shorts stopped and the top of the ass began.

Now Amy was sure she was showing as much ass as she would've been if she were wearing a string bikini.

Still she pretended not to notice. When the others sat down on the stools lining the counter she did too.

She could feel the cracked vinyl pressing against her ass and she knew there was still more ass showing above the seat.

There was a fairly constant stream of people going in and out and several times she felt a hand touch her ass. Sometimes it was a quick rub, sometimes it was a light pinch, and few were light slaps.

When everyone finished eating and had paid their bill, they slid off the stools and headed for the door.

Just as the got there a rush of people come in and Amy's group was forced to stop.

No sooner had the stopped then Amy felt a hand start rubbing her right ass cheek. Seconds later a different hand started rubbing her left cheek. Seconds after the second hand joined the first in massaging her ass the first hand moved away and another hand took it's place. In the meantime the first hand had slipped around her waist and the hand started sliding up and down the space between her legs.

Time stopped being a factor. Amy wasn't sure if it was seconds, minutes, or hours until the group was able to squeeze out through the door and the hands reluctant were withdrawn. Once thing was for sure, Amy needed to find somewhere she could relieve the mounting pressure between her legs.

As if reading her mind the girl who had pulled up her shorts took Amy's arm and told Amy to follow her to the nearby house where she was staying.

They were said good-bye to the others and hurried away.

Fortunately the house was only a little over a block away. When they arrived the other girl quickly lead Amy upstairs to her room.

The girl pushed the door shut and lock it. The she turned to Amy and pushed her back onto the bed. Even before Amy stopped bouncing the girl had pulled off the shorts and thong.

Without a moment's pause the girl dropped between Amy's legs and started linking Amy's pussy.

With Amy's state of arousal it didn't take long before her body clenched and she orgasmed.

The girl waited for Amy to calm down a little and she went back to tongue-lashing Amy's clit.

It didn't take much longer than the first time for Amy to climax again.

The third time took longer, but it was no less intense.

After that one the girl slipped up beside Amy and took her in her arms. She introduced herself as Kate.

As they laid there Amy confessed it was her first time with a woman.

Hesitantly Amy asked if Kate would like her to return the favor. Kate smiled and said they'd have to wait till next time because if Amy was still planning on going to her afternoon class they needed to hustle.

She lead the way to the bathroom and each cleaned themselves up. Amy rinsed out her thong and dried it the best she could. Seconds later she was back in her original state of dress or undress, depending on the viewer.

Amy asked Kate if she were ready. She hesitated and then asked Amy for a favor. Amy promised anything.

Before leaving the house the Kate lead Amy to a backroom on the first floor. As they walked she asked Amy to give her dad a thrill and that Amy would know what she meant when they got there.

Upon entering the room Amy spotted an older man laying on the bed with various medical devices attached to him.

Kate explained that this was her father and he was in bad shape physically. His mind was still sharp, but his body was giving out.

The girl introduced Amy to her father. He kept his eyes on Amy's face, but once when she turned her head she saw his gaze drop lower in the reflection of the room's windows.

Kate excused herself saying she needed to get something from the kitchen.

Amy looked around and pretended to spot something laying on the floor. She stepped over and turning her back to the man she bend over to pick the thing off the floor.

Looking in the mirror she saw his attention was riveted on her exposed butt. Remembering what had happened in the classrooms, she crouched down and when she stood back up she could feel the shorts were once again only covering about a third of her butt cheeks.

She stepped around the room pretending to look at the things on the walls all the while keeping her ass pointed in his direction.

When she got over near the head of the bed she leaned down to study some objects that were laying on his dresser. This put her ass less than a foot away from his face.

She was a little surprised when she felt a hand reach over and start rubbing her ass cheeks, but she held her position and let him continue his explorations.

There wasn't an inch of exposed skin left that he hadn't touched when they heard the sound of his daughter returning.

He dropped his hand to the bed and Amy quickly tugged her shorts down as far as possible.

The daughter left him a glass of water and the girls exited the house.

Once outside the girl thanked Amy. Pretending not to know what she was talking about Amy asked what she was being thanked for. The girl grinned and told Amy about the camera in the room. She said the receiver was kept in the living room and that she had watched everything.

Amy's last class of the day went much easier since the professor was a man and he studiously avoided looking at her.

After the class she met up with Kate and they returned to Kate's house. As Kate went to look in on her dad Amy looked around the living room.

Amy was a little surprised when Kate rushed up to her. Kate asked Amy if she could possibly ask for another favor. Amy replied that she was happy to do anything. Despite her assurances Kate was still hesitant. At last she came out with it. When she had looked in on her father he had a hard-on.

Kate said that she had no idea when the last time was that her father had gotten an erection, but with the way his body was deteriorating it might very well be the last one he'd ever have.

Amy was shocked. This girl she had only met a few hours ago was asking her to relieve her father boner.

Seeing the reaction on Amy's face Kate apologized for asking. Amy remembered Kate had relieved her arousal earlier. It would be rude not to return the favor. Amy asked what Kate had in mind.

Relieved that Amy was at least considering her request, Kate said that his body was too weak for Amy to climb on the bed so it would either have to be done by hand or mouth.

Giving Kate's dad a blowjob was asking a lot, but jacking him? She could do that.

Amy asked Kate if she had any suggestions.

Kate suggested that since Amy only had the clothes she was wearing perhaps it would be best if she stripped first. The resulting appearance of a beautiful naked girl could only help speed up his climax.

That made sense to Amy so she pulled her t-shirt off over her head and handed it to Kate. Then she reached up behind her back and unclipped her bra and seconds later it joined the t-shirt.

Amy took hold of the top of her shorts, but Kate told Amy to let her do it. She sat Amy's other clothes on a nearby chair. Then Kate slipped her hands inside the back of Amy's shorts and slid her hands and the garment off over Amy's ass.

There were a few pinches before the shorts were completely free of Amy's ass. The shorts ended up on the chair and the thong wasn't far behind.

Amy had already kicked off her shoes and now she was totally bare-assed in front of Kate. Before she could change her mind Amy walked down the hallway and into Kate's father's room.

She watched as his eyes got wide at the sight of a naked girl standing there before him. Amy stepped around to the side of the bed and did a pirouette so he could see all her womanly charms.

Knelling down beside the bed she slid her hand under the covers and took hold of his cock. It wasn't the hardest cock she had ever handled, but it was among the thickest.

She started a slow strolling motion and the erection got harder. She had stroked it several times before it occurred to her that she was making long strokes. Using her other hand she pulled the sheets away.

Kate's dad's cock was about 2" in diameter and a good 8" long. It was easily the largest dick she had ever touched. The whole time she was studying it she kept stroking.

This thing was amazing. When a hand gently touched the back of her head and guided her face towards the erection it never occurred to her to protest. When her lips touched the end it seemed like the most natural thing to open her mouth and let it slide inside.

She felt the pressure on the back of her head relax and she lifted up.

Just before her lips would have come off the pressure returned and she slipped her face down over it. This time the pressure guided her a little deeper.

The pressure kept guiding her and soon she was taking the whole monster into her mouth.

During this time she felt him slip a finger into her pussy. She had never had a lover play with her while she was giving head. It was quite simulating.

Between the cock in her mouth and the finger rubbing her pussy she was quickly approaching the same level of arousal she had experienced early in the day.

It wasn't long before she felt the cock start quivering. A few more passes up and down and the pressure kept her with the cock completely in her mouth. Meanwhile the finger kept slipping back and forth in her pussy.

Abruptly the hard-on spurted a large lot of cum into her throat.

She tried to pull back, but the pressure kept her face down around the base of the cock and she forced herself to swallow as much as she could.

She still ended up with some cum leaking out around her lips, but at some level she was pleased that she got most of it swallowed.

At the same time she had her own orgasm. She could feel her juices start running down her leg.

When the cock was finished the pressure relaxed and she pulled her head up off it. Meanwhile the finger in her pussy started rubbing faster and faster. Within seconds Amy experienced her second orgasm.

She glanced over at Kate's dad and saw him laying with a huge contented smile, his head resting in his hands.

WAIT A MINUTE? If his hands were behind his head who did the hands that had guided her head onto the cock and played with her pussy belong to?

Snapping her head around Amy was stunned. Kate was knelling behind her naked as Amy was, except for the small strap-on dildo.

This day was so weird Amy thought. I had my pussy eaten by a girl. I just gave a blowjob to a guy I only met this morning at which time I let him play with my ass. And now I just got fucked by a girl.

As if reading her mind, Kate told her, "Hell of a day, huh?" The unsurrealness of the situation was partial calmed by Kate's big grin.

Amy found herself grinning back, "Hell of a day indeed."

The two girls got up and Kate pulled the sheet back up over her dad's body.

Then the girls went upstairs to the bathroom and took a shower together. There was a lot of touching and rubbing.

When they came back downstairs Amy was shocked to see her clothes were gone. Kate smiled as she led Amy over to the front door. She explained that Amy's clothes were in the mailbox across the street.

Kate went on to explain that she would be happy to give Amy a ride back to her dorm and that her car was parked in the backyard. All Amy had to do to get the lift was to go get her clothes and meet Kate at the car.

However there were two conditions. First Amy wasn't allowed to get dressed until Kate told her it was okay. Second the mailman was at the end of the block so Amy needed to hurry.

Glancing out the window Amy saw that Kate was telling the truth. She pleaded with Kate to go get the clothes, but Kate was adamant.

Amy hesitated only a moment longer, then bolted out the front door, jumped down the steps, and raced across the yard. She dashed across the street and snatched open the mailbox only to discover it was empty.

She turned and looked back at Kate, who pointed at another mailbox. Unfortunately that one was even closer to the rapidly approaching mailman.

Too late to worry about it now, Amy thought. She sped over and snatched the box open. This time her clothes were inside. She grabbed them and headed back to Kate's house, but by this time the mail truck had arrived.

She had to side-step around it and then get back to the house. When she got to the front door she discovered it was locked.

That's right, she thought, I have to meet Kate out back. She ran back down the steps and followed the driveway around to the back of the house.

Amy saw Kate sitting in her car. Amy ran around to the passenger side. Once there she was preparing to slip into her clothes only to hear Kate tap the horn. When Amy looked at Kate she saw Kate shake her head.

Shit she had to wait for permission to get dressed.

Once inside Kate told her to toss the clothes into the back seat and Amy did as instructed. Kate pulled out to the street and to Amy's horror called the mailman over.

Kate sat there talking to him for what seemed like hours. The whole time the guy was bending down and staring on Amy's naked body.

Amy did her best to play cool and just ignore him.

Finally Kate said good-bye and wished him a good day. He muttered that there was no way it was going to get better than this. He added something to the effect of "hope to see you two again," Then added, "you too Kate". Amy realized he was talking to her tits with the 'you two' comment.

Once they were moving Amy asked Kate what she was doing. Kate replied that it was obvious Amy was an exhibitionist. She went to say that she'd make Amy a deal. If Amy wasn't aroused she could get dressed, but if she was then she had to stay naked until told otherwise.

Amy paused before answering asking how would Kate know if she answered truthfully.

Kate answered that she already knew, because if Amy wasn't aroused she would have already started putting her clothes on.

Amy could tell this was going to be a long ride home. But sleep wouldn't be denied any longer and she dropped into it's embrace.

The End
