Surfing Old School
by shmeckle

Interlude (Chapter 8)

Early the next morning, Kari awoke to an unusual experience. She was spooning behind someone, both of them naked, and she felt her hand cupping a full warm breast.

From the age of twelve, she had dedicated most of her free time to surfing or training, and didn’t have much time for boyfriends or girlfriends. After a few quick and unsatisfying hook-ups in her last year in high-school and in college, she decided it was for the best if she just concentrated on her sport.

Now, the feeling of a soft warm body pressed to hers made her senses come alive. She hadn’t realized how much she had missed this kind of intimacy.

She propped herself up on an elbow and looked over to see Jessie still sleeping. The previous night’s events came back to her. She remembered inviting Jessie to spend the night with her, and then felt bad that she had immediately nodded off.

Kari leaned over and kissed her neck, then her temple, while her thumb lightly brushed Jessie’s nipple. Her friend stirred and breathed deeply and turned onto her back. Her eyes opened and her eyebrows arched when she saw Kari’s smiling face so close to hers. She opened her mouth slightly as if she were going to say something, but couldn’t think of anything.

Kari leaned forward and kissed her, the tip of her tongue just grazing Jessie’s parted lips. After a moment’s pause, Jessie kissed back as they wrapped their arms around each other. Jessie’s knee slipped between Kari’s legs, and her thigh slid up against Kari’s pussy. Kari swiveled her hips and purred in delight.

They explored each other’s bodies with their hands as they kissed passionately. Kari felt Jessie’s hand moving down her back, with her nails lightly scratching her skin and raising goosebumps. Then on to her ass, grabbed and kneading it roughly. Her hand grazed Kari’s hip and then softly covered Kari’s pussy. The warmth and silky feel of Jessie’s hand made Kari hum with pleasure.

Then, Jessie turned over so her head was close to Kari’s pussy. She pushed the right knee up so she could lay her head on Kari’s left thigh, and her head slid closer.

Kari hoped Jessie couldn’t tell how inexperienced with women she was, and decided to mimic what her friend was doing. Jessie gave her vulva a simple kiss. Kari did the same, while feeling the warm breath on her pussy cause her labia to part. Jessie trailed the tip of her tongue down Kari’s labia, making them part more and glisten with wetness.

Jessie nibbled lightly on her outer lips, first on one side then the other, making her way to Kari’s clit. When she reached it, she gave it just the slightest flick with her tongue, as she reached around Kari’s thigh and slid the tips of two fingers inside her. Kari’s body was already simmering on the edge of an orgasm, but she managed to do the same for Jessie.

Jessie’s tongue swirled around the clit while her fingers slipped in a little deeper with each stroke, and then out of the wet pussy. It only took a half a minute of this for Kari to shake and moan loudly as a strong orgasm washed over her. Both her hands grabbed Jessie’s ass and her hips rocked, pressing Jessie’s tongue hard against her clit. Her face was pressed against Jessie’s thigh, trying to muffle her moans to keep from waking Mona.

Eventually, the orgasm finished and Kari could catch her breath. She wanted to do the same for Jessie, so she started licking her clit. Jessie surprised her by grabbing her right hand and moving it to her pussy. She used her index finger to guide Kari’s where she wanted it, deep into her. She cocked her hips and curled their fingers into a “Come here” gesture.

Kari was sure they found the spot she was looking for when her friend started moaning as her back arched and her free hand grabbed the sheets. She watched Jessie’s climax in awe, her hips thrusting wildly against their hands, and could see it was as intense as hers.

As it subsided, Jessie pulled their fingers out but kept their hands covering her pussy until her breathing returned to normal. She opened her eyes and looked lovingly at Kari.

Kari sat up and stacked the pillows so she could lay propped up, and gestured to Jessie, who quickly slipped beside her lover and nestled her head on Kari’s breast.

After a few quiet minutes, Jessie whispered, “So did you hear anything I said last night?”

“No,” Kari said. “What did you say?”

“How much I love you. And always have.”

“And how did I answer?”

Jessie said petulantly, “You snored.”

Kari put her hand on Jessie’s cheek and said, “Well, I love you too,” and they kissed. Kari added, “And I’ve always known how you felt.”

“Why’d it take you so long to do this?”

“I only recently got comfortable about being bi. When I was young, my mom and dad got divorced and I suspected it was because Mom was a lesbian. I was resentful and it made me kind of shut down that side of me for a while.”

Jessie responded, “Well, I’m glad you’re open to it again.”


Celebrations (Chapter 9)

Later, they heard a knock on the door. It was ajar and swung open, and Mona stuck her head in, saying, “Kari–“. She looked on surprised as the girls looked back, Kari blushing and Jessie beaming. She gathered her wits and said, “They have a great restaurant here and the concierge is giving us a complimentary brunch to congratulate you on your win. It starts in a couple hours.”

They got up and Jessie went to her room to dress. Mona motioned to the bar and said to Kari, “David was kind enough to leave you one more skirt on the bar and a set of kupe’e and a lei po’o in the mini-fridge.”

Kari tied the skirt around her and started putting on the kupe’e, thinking how nice it felt to be getting dressed again. Then she laughed at herself, looking down at her bare tits and very short skirt, that this now felt like getting fully dressed. But after spending the last 3 days naked, it did.

They all packed their bags, so they’d be ready for the ride to the airport after the Bronzée Solaire photo shoot.

A little later Kari heard a knock at the door and opened it. The concierge stepped in and looked in amazement at Kari in her traditional garb. “Kari, you’re gorgeous! You look like a princess!”

Kari blushed and thanked her. The concierge stepped out into the hall. Kari hesitated, forcing herself to step out. She knew she was going against social norms and baring a lot more of her body than most people expected. She was almost used to the physical feeling of being topless in public, but she knew people must be judging her. Her nipples got erect and she felt a little tingle between her thighs, which made her wonder how she could be horny again so soon.

She and her friends followed the concierge through the halls of the posh motel. They arrived at the restaurant, going through two ornate glass and metal doors. The concierge approached the maitre d’ and introduced them. “This is Kari Kaimana, who won the surf tournament yesterday, and her team. We are giving them a complimentary meal for brunch.”

He looked Kari up and down, and then quipped, “Well, I usually say ‘No shirt, no shoes, no service’, but this time I’m going to make an exception.”

The concierge turned to the women and rolled her eyes at his ‘dad joke’, and then brought the group into the restaurant to a central table. Kari was ready to sit when the concierge announced, “Everyone, this is Kari Kaimana, the winner of yesterday’s surf tournament. She is here wearing traditional Hawaiian dress to honor her ancestors. Please giver her a round of applause.”

Kari blushed and wanted to disappear as they applauded. She could see some of them looking pleasantly surprised at her partial nudity, and others frowning.

A waiter came by with a tray of drinks. “Mimosa?”

Kari asked, “What’s in a Mimosa?”

“Champagne and orange juice.”

She waved it away. “No alcohol for me, thanks. Don’t want a repeat of last night.”

The food was served buffet-style in the center of the room. Kari walked with the other two to get a plate, and noticed stares all the way. The food looked wonderful, with an emphasis on local seafood. She took crab cakes, mahi mahi, and a few pieces of sushi as they moved down the line. The man to her left apparently hadn’t noticed he was standing next to a topless woman, until as he was getting a spoonful of salad dressing, he glanced her way. He was so surprised he dropped the spoon, which bounced off the buffet and sent a blob of dressing right onto Kari’s left nipple.

He saw it land and said, “Oh, I’m so sorry,” as he reached toward her breast with a napkin.

Kari held up her hand and said, “That’s alright! I’ve got it.” She scooped up the blob with a finger and licked it.

The rest of the meal was tolerable for Kari, since she could spend it sitting and only felt disdainful stares and lustful leers from the surrounding tables and not the whole room. Soon after the concierge came for them, letting them know a limousine was waiting outside for them.

*****

Kari stepped out of the limo in front of the B.S. Internationale office, grateful to be at least partially dressed this time. Janine came down the stairs to meet her, and fawned over her outfit. She led the women into the building and everyone she passed had the same reaction. They took an elevator up two floors and stepped out. The wall on their left was all offices, but the right was a glass-walled room filled with photography equipment and lights.

Kari entered and was immediately surrounded by the studio staff, all complimenting her and saying how amazing she looked. Kari started to feel a little claustrophobic. Fortunately, Boulanger stepped up and they parted. He held both her hands and looked at her appreciatively. “You are a vision of beauty,” and then looked to his staff and said, “Won’t she look wonderful in all our ad media?” They all cheered and clapped.

He broke them up by saying, “Well, let’s all make that happen.”

Kari was whisked over to a corner where she was put in a chair for makeup and hair. A young woman gestured at her lei po’o and said, “Can you take off your, uh, crown thingy?”

Kari smiled and said sure as she did. Another woman was approaching as the other said, “Now I’m just going to put something in your hair to give a bit more body, and Gina here is going to do your makeup.”

Kari relaxed into the chair. When Gina was finished, she called for one of the photographers. She grabbed something from her kit and said, “This is lip gloss. I’d like to do an experiment, to see how this looks on-camera on your nipple. Is that okay?”

Kari raised an eyebrow but said okay. As she applied it her areola shrunk and nipple got erect.

Gina said, “Mike, how does it look?”

He looked through his camera and said, “It catches the light a little better. Try it on both.”

Gina did and Mike snapped the photo. He left to show others across the room, and then gave her a thumbs-up.

Gina said, “I’ll have to reapply this from time to time, but they like the effect.”

Another woman approached holding something that looked like a small vacuum cleaner. She showed it to Kari and said, “This is a steamer. It looks like your skirt got a little wrinkled on the car ride over. Do mind if I use this on them?”

She nodded, and the woman looked a bit sheepish. “Do you mind taking it off and holding it for me?”

Kari wasn’t eager to, but did so, as a blush spread out over her body. As she turned it around, the other woman looked down and said, “Oh, you’ve got a little bit of bush. The art director won’t like that.”

Kari quickly put her skirt back on as a short man walking briskly over to her and introduced himself as the art director. “We have a lot of markets we sell in, and they all have different limits as to nudity. We’re going to take some shots as you’re dressed, but with your arm or our products blocking your breasts. Then with a full view of them, and then a set of you nude, from the side and then front.

“Now you’ve been surfing nude so I assume you won’t have any problem with the nudity.”

Kari wanted to say ‘Yes!’ but shook her head no.

She spent the next hour posing with bottles and jars of sunblock, moisturizer, and other lotions, holding them all so her bare breasts were strategically blocked. Kari tried to pretend she was a presenter on “The Price Is Right” to stay in the right frame of mind. They repeated the process showing her bare breasts.

The photographer stopped and said, “I have an idea for a great shot.” He approached Kari and had her cross her arms under her breasts, which pushed them slightly together, and bend her wrists so her breasts were framed by the green and white kupe’e. He took a bottle of their best-selling sunblock and placed it between her breasts resting on her arms. He stepped back a bit and said, “Perfect. Let’s get a fan blowing her hair a bit. Hey Gina, can we get some lip gloss on her nipples again?”

Gina obliged and he looked through the camera. “Wonderful. Not only does it make them catch the light, but they get erect, so it looks like she’s sexually aroused.” Kari blushed as he continued, “It’s subliminal, but people respond to it.”

He took a lot of pictures and was very pleased with his work. One of his co-workers said, “Hey if the lip gloss works so well on her nipples, for the full nudes should we use some on her pussy.”

The photographer considered it, and Kari cocked her head and looked at the guy who suggested it, thinking ‘I don’t believe he just said that.‘ The photographer said, “No, that just seems too…over the top. The erect nipples are more subtle.”

The art director yelled from across the room, “Okay, time to lose the skirt.”

Kari took a deep breath and untied the knot. Someone took it from her, as she tried to act nonchalant, putting her hands on her hips and smiling slightly.

Nobody told her how to pose or gave her anything to hold. The photographer was taking a few pictures of her, and then shared them with the art director. He was frowning a bit and said, “Sorry, the pubic hair has to go. Gina, can you help with that?”

As Gina led her over to the makeup station, Kari was upset that no one asked her if she wanted that. Gina sat her down and dabbed a small spot of gel on the back of Kari’s hand and rubbed it into a foam.

Kari asked, “What’s that?”

“A depilatory. I need to make sure you’re not allergic before I use it.” She could see Kari was upset. “It’s not permanent, okay? It’ll grow back in about 5 days.”

She knelt down and placed her gloved hands on Kari’s knees. “Um, I hope you don’t mind, but I should probably check for any stray hairs. Those HD cameras pick up every detail.”

Kari gasped and blushed as Gina pushed her knees far apart and studied her pussy closely. She thought, ‘Every time I think this can’t get any worse, it does!‘ Gina felt her gaze and looked up, saying apologetically. “We usually do this in a much more private place, but the guys are impatient.”

Gina finished said, “Could you stand up and turn around?”

Kari looked at her quizzically, but complied. “And could you bend over the chair?”

Kari could not believe it was happening, but wanted to get it over with. She felt Gina’s gloved hands on her ass as Gina said, “Pardon my touch,” and spread her ass cheeks. After what seemed like too long a time, she released them and stood.

She had Kari sit and lay back in the chair. She spread Kari’s knees and knelt between them, squeezing out a bit of the gel into her hand. She wiped on Kari’s bush and started to work it into a lather. Once it was foaming, she stepped back and said, “Okay, now stay like that for the next 10 minutes, and I’ll be back to wipe it off.”

Kari sat, knees spread and incredulous that she had to sit that way for 10 minutes. She told herself these people were professionals and nobody was looking at her. Which was true. Most of them were gathered around a table with a laptop on it looking at the photos they already had, displayed on an HD monitor on the wall. Kari admired them & liked how they made her look a bit like a movie star.

Gina returned with a warm wet cloth, knelt between her knees again, and wiped off the foam and all of Kari’s pubes.

Gina said, “Ah, that’s what I thought,” and pointed at the desk beside Kari. “Could you hand me that tray?”

Gina continued as she mixed pigments, “The skin under your little bush is a bit lighter than the rest. The cameras will pick that up. I have to match your skin-tone.”

After she was finished, Kari glanced down, and muttered, “Yup, I knew it.” Without her small patch of pubes, it looked like she actually wanted everyone to see her pussy.

They called her back over for more photos. The photographer said, “With the greenery or without?”

The art director squinted a while, and said “First with and then without.”

The photographer looked through his camera. “Wow, the greenery actually emphasizes how naked she is. This is gonna look great.”

They had her pose with all the products and took side shots, and then repeated the process with frontal shots. Then she took off the kupe’e and the lei po’o, and they did the whole sequence all over again. Kari thought, ‘This is as grueling as a tournament, without all the excitement and fun.‘

Finally, Boulanger returned with Mona and Jessie in tow, saying it was time to wrap up because the women had a plane to catch. As Kari dressed, he told them, “My limousine will take you by your hotel to grab your bags, and then on to the airport.”

*****

Later, on the plane back home, Jessie and Kari were sitting together with Mona a seat behind them. The new couple were whispering and laughing. Kari kissed Jessie, which aroused them both. They started making out more seriously, until Jessie glanced at the guy across the aisle from them. He had been looking at his tablet, but saw them and was staring. Jessie cleared her throat and looked straight at him. Kari looked over as he glanced away.

Kari felt a little pang of guilt and confessed to Jessie, “Jess, I should probably tell you, Geoff and I made love in the shower that first night…

“I know. Did you think you were keeping it secret?”

“Um, yeah.”

“Seriously, you two walking away from the bathroom smiling while Geoff was tying his clothes back on? And you stealing away to give him a goodbye kiss? We already knew.”

“Really?”

Jessie laughed and said, “Hey, if you hadn’t snagged him then, Mona and I were gonna have to start fighting over him.”

Kari tentatively said, “It was just that one time, but…I think he’s serious…and I really like him, too…”

Jessie smiled, “Baby, if you want to explore a relationship with him, please do. Just don’t let it affect our relationship.”

“You’d be okay with that?”

“Yes. But you have to tell him about us.”

“I will.”

Jessie smiled sweetly and said, “You can have a boyfriend, just as long as I’m your only girlfriend.” She added, “You know how you can tell if he’s right for you?”

“How?”

Jessie winked at her and said, “If you tell him you’re bisexual and have a girlfriend and he doesn’t ask about a threesome…”

They kissed and then cuddled and drifted off to sleep.


A New Kind of Training (Chapter 10.1)

Jessie drove her Jeep to the training studio, also known as Mona’s house, with Kari beside her. They had started the morning a bit on edge, each trying not to hurt the other’s feelings while negotiating their living arrangements. It was all sparked by an innocent question from Kari. After breakfast, she asked, “Now that we’re…girlfriends, should we pick one of our bedrooms and move in together?”

Kari realized it was a potential hand-grenade of a question the moment it passed her lips. It was a momentous decision, they both realized. If either of them had a strong preference for her own room…would that mean she wasn’t really committed to being a couple, or that she wanted to be the dominant person in this relationship, or…what? Both their minds were awash with questions without answers.

They looked at each other, wanting to say something, but not knowing what. So they both stood there, silent but feeling compelled to say something, anything, but not something that would offend the other or commit to something she didn’t want to, and all the while not knowing exactly what it was she really wanted.

The awkward silence was ended by Jessie, pragmatic as ever. She smiled and said, “Let’s just leave it as is for now, okay?”

Kari relaxed and replied, “Yes.”

Jessie stepped up to her and pulled her close. “Now, you know you’re always welcome in my bedroom, and I know I am in yours, right?” Kari nodded. Jessie kissed her cheek and continued, “So if you ever want to make love, or if you just don’t want to sleep alone, you can always come to me and say, ‘Stay with me tonight,’ and then we’ll decide where, okay?”

Kari smiled her assent and they kissed.

Later, the jeep pulled up to what looked like a storefront. It had been a clothing store owned by Mona’s grandfather. He left it to her in his will; she renovated it and turned it into a training studio.

Kari and Jessie entered through a heavy wooden door. On their left was a large open room filled with weightlifting equipment, with the far wall covered with a floor to ceiling mirror. On the right there were two rooms, one Mona’s office, and the other a media room, with an HD TV mounted on the wall and a few computers that they used mostly for reviewing videos of Kari and her competitors surfing.

Mona heard them enter and yelled to them from that room, “Hey girls, I’m in here.” They joined her. She motioned to the TV, where a video of Ashley from the tournament was playing. She said, “I just got the tournament videos from the League.”

Kari watched closely, until Mona interrupted her.

“Kari, have a seat. There’s something we need to discuss.”

Kari sat on the couch, wondering what it could be. Mona continued, “When you’re surfing naked, you are unbeatable. But I know the nudity all the other times is really difficult for you. Now that you’ve committed to surfing nude for the season, we have to get you more at ease being naked.

“So as part of your training, I want you to be naked when you’re here or at home.”

Kari was speechless. She finally was able to dress and not be on public display, and now Mona wanted to take that away from her? There was no way she could do that.

Kari pouted. “Do I have to? I’ll be naked so often at the tournaments already.”

“No, I’m sorry. It’s too important. You need to get to the point where being the only one naked in a crowd feels normal to you.” She turned to Jessie, “To that end, Jessie, I’m going to ask you to go back to your apartment and gather all of Kari’s clothes. Bring them here; I’ve got a storeroom in the back. We’re going to lock them in there and you will keep the key.”

Kari panicked at the thought of having no control over her clothes, and being so far away from them when she was at home. “But what if I have to go out?”

“You and Jessie can swing by here and she’ll get you an outfit. Now, do you still have that medium-length trench coat I gave you?”

“Yes.”

“Great. You can wear that between home and here.” The thought of wearing just the coat with nothing under it in public made her feel dirty, like a flasher, but also turned her on.

Mona asked Jessie, “You don’t mind the extra tasks, do you?”

She smiled and said, “Anything to help Kari.”

Kari was trying to keep calm, but the panic showed in her eyes. “What if we have visitors?

Mona looked at her stonily and said, “I expect you to stay naked. Tell them it’s part of your training.” She saw Kari’s eyes get wide as she blushed. “It’s the point of this whole exercise — to get you at ease being the only one naked.

“Now, before Jessie leaves, you can start this part of your training now — take off your clothes so she can put them in the storeroom.”

Kari grabbed the hem of her T-shirt and paused, not believing she was going to have to do this. She hadn’t worn a bra since the tournament, and her nipples poked forward, betraying that the prospect of getting naked again was arousing her. Mona impatiently said, “I’m serious. Strip.”

Kari knew from her tone that this wasn’t negotiable, so she grudgingly pulled it over her head. Her areolas puckered and nipples stuck out further as she dropped the shirt. She had to work up her nerve, but she made herself hook her thumbs in the waistband of her shorts. She decided it would be easier just to get it over with, so she pulled off her panties and shorts in one quick move.

She asked, “Can I at least keep my sandals?”

Mona said “Of course,” as she handed Jessie a key, who then gathered the pile of clothes up and carried them into the back. When she returned, she stopped to give Kari a kiss. She whispered in her ear, “Kari, darling, have I ever told you you’re the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen?”

Kari’s cheeks flushed as they kissed again. As Jessie left, she noticed she had a twinkle in her eye.

Kari glanced up at the TV, which was now showing a video of her at the tournament. She blushed all over again as she watched her naked image. The video was sharp and showed every part of her in detail. The feeling of surfing nude was wonderful and natural, but, since her experience at Napalei, she hadn’t thought of how she looked to the spectators until now. Imagining them all getting this view of her made her feel uneasy at first. Then she noticed her skin feeling flushed and her pussy getting wetter, and hated to admit that it was turning her on even more.

She assumed the videos of her would be censored, but these weren’t. She remembered this ride and watched, hoping the exposure wouldn’t be too bad. However, right as she did a cutback, she could see her knees spread wide and her naked pussy flashing directly at the camera, as her breasts bounced wildly back and forth from her movement.

She realized that all the participants of the tournament could request these, and most of the serious contenders did. She worried that they were going to show up on the internet and wondered how she could keep that from happening.

She asked, worriedly, “Mona, how can we make sure this doesn’t end up on-line?”

“Well, the League owns the copyright to these, so I can ask them to keep an eye out and send a take-down request if they see them. But remember, you were in a public place and could have been recorded by just about anyone.” She saw a flash of panic in Kari’s eyes, and continued apologetically, “I’m sorry, but I don’t think you’re going to be able to keep your nude photos and videos off the Net.”

Kari sighed as her heart sank. It felt like she was losing control of her life, right when she was professionally at her peak. She wandered out of the media room, toward the free weights bench. She hoped a hard workout would take her mind off her situation, until she looked at the mirrored wall and saw herself nude. She turned her back on it and kept from glancing that way as she exercised.

*****

At their apartment, Jessie was looking at Kari’s clothes. She was secretly thrilled to know her beautiful new girlfriend was going to be spending most of her time nude. She knew Mona was working her magic again, forcing Kari down the hard path. She actually agreed with Mona’s reasoning, that her near-constant nudity would desensitize her to it eventually. Still, she knew it was going to be difficult for Kari, and she wanted to support her.

She muttered to herself, “I know Kari. If she has to be naked most of the time, she’ll overcompensate when she can get dressed and pile on the layers. And it will just make it that much harder to strip off the next time. I think I know how I can help her.”

She divided the clothes into two piles, one that she would pack into suitcases, and the other that she would donate to a church charity. She opened a drawer filled with bras and panties, scooped them all up, and threw them in the second pile. “Sorry darling, from here on out, you’re going commando.” Her microbikini went into the first pile, but a couple old one-piece swimsuits went into the second. While she was at it, she decided that anything too modest would have to go as well, so her jeans and slacks, and any long-sleeved blouses also went into the donation pile. By the time she was finished, she had two rolling suitcases of clothes, and two large trashbags full of donations.

On the way back to the training facility, she stopped by the church charity store and dropped off the bags.

*****

The next day at the studio, Kari was working out naked. She had hated the ride over in just her coat; it was medium length for Mona, but on Kari it ended an inch above mid-thigh. If she ever had to sit down while wearing it, she’d have to be careful not to flash anyone.

She had her left knee and hand on a weight bench as she did a few reps with a dumbbell in her right hand. Doing it without a sports bra let her breasts hang and move freely, and she still hadn’t gotten used to it. She looked at Jessie on the treadmill in yoga pants and a sports bra and was envious of her clothing.

Mona rushed out of her office and over to them. She smiled a wide grin and told them, “I just got off the phone with Janine at Bronzée Solaire. They offered us the use of one of their jets to get to the surf tournament at Manly Beach in Sydney this weekend!”

Jessie and Kari looked at each other amazed. Any surfer with any sense knew that Australia was a paradise for surfers. But getting to a tournament in Australia was prohibitively expensive. It always something they could only dream about but not ever hope to do. Now, thanks to their sponsors, it was coming true.

A couple days later, they were at the training studio, getting out suitcases to pack for their trip. There was a knock on the door. Mona said to Kari, “That’s probably someone from Bronzée Solaire. Why don’t you answer that?”

Kari reluctantly went to the door. She hesitated. ‘What if this is just some random visitor, lost and wanting directions?‘ Taking a deep breath, she forced herself to open the door. She saw Janine, a surprised but approving look spreading over her face. Janine said, “Well, look at you! Answering the door naked.”

Kari blushed and rolled her eyes as she let her in. “This is part of my training. I’m naked most of the time now, so at my tournaments it won’t bother me so much.”

“Charles will be happy to hear that. Now, are you all ready to go?”

Jessie said, “We just need to pack Kari’s clothes.”

Janine said, “Oh, that won’t be necessary. We contacted your friend David from Hawaii. He supplied us with more of the traditional Hawaiian outfits for you to wear when you’re not at the tournament. They’re already waiting for you in Sydney. They were such a hit last time.”

Kari was caught off-guard by the news, and shivered at the thought of going around another crowded city topless. Once she gathered her wits, she said to Jessie, “I guess I just need an outfit to travel in, then.”

Janine saw Kari’s trench coat laying next to the suitcases. She pointed to it and said, “That’s all you’ll need,” and picked it up.

Kari asked nervously, “But what about the flight?”

Janine said, “Don’t worry. We’re taking a company jet from our private airport. You’ll just need the coat to go through customs.”

Kari said, “I meant, what do I wear during the flight?”

Janine answered, “Monsieur Boulanger has business in Sydney and will accompany you. He’d like to get some shots and video of you flying to the tournament, so it’s basically a promotional event. You’ll need to be naked.”

Kari frowned but let Janine slip the coat on her. She was starting to notice a trend that she didn’t like — her sponsors, as generous as they were, were always finding new ways to keep her naked longer than she wanted. Between them and Mona’s new training, she dreaded where it might be headed.

The four women slipped into the limousine outside of the studio and they started off. Janine served them all hot coffee and danish as they headed north toward L.A.

A few hours later, they pulled onto the tarmac at a private airport and parked beside a large jet. As Janine opened the door and Kari stepped out, a film crew approached. The director said, “Ms. Kaimana, could we get some footage of you getting out of the limo naked?”

Janine said excitedly, “That would be great. Here, I’ll hold your coat.”

Kari slowly undid the belt and unbuttoned her coat. She felt the flush of embarrassment and arousal return, knowing she was going to strip in public again, in front of strangers who were filming it. Janine could sense her uneasiness and stepped behind her and slipped the coat off.

Kari whispered, “Are they trying to make it look like I go everywhere nude?”

Janine smiled as she opened the door and told her, “Not exactly, but I think your fans will love seeing you emerging from the limo already naked. It’ll be unexpected & hot. Now, remember to smile as you step out.”

As the door closed, she shuddered at the reminder that thousands of people might see yet another film of her nude. Janine stepped out of the picture while the limousine driver approached and opened the door. Kari swung her legs out and the driver offered her his gloved hand. She took it and stepped out. The director whispered, “Oh, the contrast of the dressed chauffeur and a beautiful naked woman is perfect.”

Kari gave them what she hoped looked like a strong, confident smile as she passed. They followed her to the boarding ramp, and she worried about the view they were getting as she was going up. She noticed another cameraman at the top of the ramp so she kept up her smile as she entered the plane.

After her eyes adjusted to the light inside, she saw Monsieur Boulanger stand and approach. He took her hand and leaned in to kiss her on both cheeks. He motioned to a luxurious leather seat across the aisle from his, draped with a towel. “Please, Ms. Kaimana, have a seat.”

As Mona and Jessie entered, he greeted them by name in the same gracious way. Kari was grateful for his charm. It put her at ease. He was one of very few men who maintained eye contact with her when she was nude.

Soon they were in the air. Boulanger showed them how to unlock their seats so they could swivel around and chat. Their chairs formed a small circle, and the cozy set-up made them all relax. He talked to each of the women equally, not just Kari, and seemed genuinely interested in what they had to say. Kari soon forgot she was the only one nude, until she saw the two people from the film crew in back. She wasn’t sure if they were filming or not, but it still made her uncomfortably conscious of her nudity again.

After an hour, he stood. “If you’ll pardon me, I need to retire to my office in the back. I have a lot of things to do in 3 different time-zones before we land. Now this is a 15-hour flight, so in the very back there are some bunks when you want to sleep.”

Mona hooked her laptop to an HD TV mounted on the wall, and they watched more of the tournament videos. Jessie watched enrapt as Kari’s videos played and wanted to tell her how beautiful she looked. She could sense that Kari was upset by it, though, so she squeezed Kari’s hand and stayed quiet.

A few hours later, a woman wearing a black and white maid’s outfit emerged from the back, pushing a cart. She said with a French accent, “Dinner is served,” as she gestured to a small glass table with 4 chairs. They sat and were given a choice of steak or salmon, served along with a medley of sauteed vegetables and a glass of red wine. The server said, “I’m afraid Monsieur Boulanger will not be able to join you for dinner. He’s a very busy man.”

After dinner, they went back to reviewing the tournament videos. Eventually they tired and trundled off to the bunks.

The next morning they were awakened by the French maid, who told them breakfast was about to be served. As they ate, Boulanger emerged from the back, slipping on his suit jacket. He took a cup of coffee from the maid and then said, “Mireille, could you help me with my tie?”

As she was tying it, Boulanger said to Kari’s crew, “There will be a car waiting for you to take you to your hotel in downtown Sydney. I have business to attend to, but I would like to take you all to dinner tonight.”

Soon they were buckled into their seats and on the descent into Sydney.



11