Rodney McKay watched the Stargate flare out in the glowing blue rush of scientific miracle that never failed to fill him with a quiet awe no matter how many times he saw it. Well, to qualify, it never failed to fill him with awe as long as he wasn’t running frantically towards its offer of escape from a) angry natives throwing spears b) angry natives shooting guns c) angry local predators or d) in one very memorable case, angry mobile vegetation.

As today there were, thankfully, no angry people, animals or mobile plants in sight, Rodney could take the time to fully appreciate both the aesthetic beauty as well as the beautiful science of the stable wormhole as the stargate’s event horizon settled into the serene pool that signified it was time for their journey back to Atlantis.

As he waited for the order to go, Rodney resisted the urge to turn and stare at Evil Overlord, or, as he had taken to calling him more recently, John Sheppard. He’d made the name change about the time he’d come in an orgasm that was in his top five list of best orgasms, ever. It had been the first best for a total of, oh, about twenty minutes until it had been blown away by round two. It had been jockeying for position in an ever growing list of incredible orgasms ever since. And oh, great, he was getting hard just thinking about it.

Shifting uncomfortably he gave in and shot a look over at John Sheppard, High Lord of Leiath. The man was standing loose limbed and confident, one hand resting easily on the sidearm strapped at his waist, the other tapping against his thigh and he was smirking at Rodney as if he knew exactly what was going through Rodney’s hyperactive mind. Rodney quickly looked away and focused back on the Stargate, running through several complex polynomial calculations. Nope, not working.

As he watched Ford finish up preparations Rodney gave up on distractions and instead started plotting how soon he could get Sheppard to have sex with him again. Also, how long the three crates of coffee Sheppard was bringing along as a goodwill gift for his ambassadorial trip would last and how much Rodney could claim as his share. He figured that being head scientist and being one of the team to negotiate the pre-treaty should mean he got a bigger cut, it was only right. He had to be careful though. Coffee was getting dangerously low in Atlantis and scientists were sneaky bastards. He would have to carefully plot to make sure he was allotted his proper share. This was in addition to the coffee stuffed into his backpack of course. No one needed to know about that stash but him and the High Lord who gave it to him.

“Okay people, time to go!” Ford, in full military mode, motioned the party forward and led the way, stepping through first, followed by half of his men as had been agreed upon during the negotiations leading up to this little ambassadorial trip for Sheppard. There had been all sorts of negotiations to get to this point. For one thing Sheppard’s aide Garreth had been extremely unhappy with the idea of his High Lord gating to another world. And that man? Could give Sumner a run for his money on how not to smile. Also, Rodney had an uneasy feeling that the aide knew exactly what Rodney and Sheppard had been up to in the High Lord’s Rooms before, after, and in between meetings. And disapproved. A lot. This was bad given that Garreth was a very intimidating career soldier who could possibly kill Rodney with his eyebrows.

Fortunately, Rodney had spent most of his career surrounded by intimidating military types who for absurd reasons didn’t seem to like him and, while mental infants, could physically squash him like a bug. Years of practice had helped Rodney ignore the aide’s menacingly icy attitude and instead watch with interest as John Sheppard had somehow stood mellow but firm against the older soldier’s every argument (and impressive use of acid sarcasm). Watching the interactions, Rodney had thoughtfully filed away the fact that apparently his lover’s easy going smile—and thatch of messy hair which made him look more like a grad student than an Evil Overlord—covered up a will of naquada enhanced titanium.

Elizabeth, upon hearing Ford and Rodney’s endorsements about the technology of the Leiaths and--Rodney smiled a happy, happy smile--the coffee, had wholeheartedly endorsed a potential trade agreement and also agreed to the compromise of an armed escort for the High Leader. She had also, much more reluctantly, agreed to four of the Atlantean away team staying on Leiath as ‘guests’ until Sheppard’s safe return. Rodney was sure Sumner and Elizabeth had ended up having some interesting discussions over that one. The only reason they had finally agreed was that the four soldiers remaining behind had been completely in favour of the idea. They had stressed the importance of the treaty and their duty as soldiers and bleah, bleah, bleah but Rodney had a suspicion their extreme willingness also had a lot to do with the fact that the soldiers of Leiath had turned pretty damn friendly once Sheppard changed the status of the Atlantis away team from prisoners to honoured guests. Apparently while Rodney was busy letting himself be seduced by Sheppard and talking to the Leiath scientists, the soldiers were all bonding over wrestling bouts, guns and some game called Maka.

Between the soldiers’ enthusiasm and the potential threats they were facing from other corners of this galaxy, Elizabeth had gracefully caved. Especially since these people were the best technological match they had met since their, so far, one way trip to Pegasus; in fact the Leiath’s technology appeared to be superior in some ways. And if they were going to stay and hopefully thrive they were going to need allies. Because apparently this galaxy came with its own hand-dandy supervillains in the form of life force sucking monster aliens. Who knew you could miss the goa’uld? Every single planet they’d been to so far had mentioned them, a grim dread in their voices, and it seemed to only be a matter of time before the Atlantis expedition encountered them in person, so to speak.

Rodney watched with rising alarm as Sheppard ambled over toward him, the man’s easy smile immediately causing all the blood in Rodney’s body to travel south. Oh God, he had to get over this. He was having sex with a hot alien Overlord. Which, very cool. But he had to focus on his job here. They needed this trade agreement to work. He needed that coffee. And the technology of course.

Sheppard reached him and offered a smirk. “After you,” he gave a sort of half-bow and arm-wave towards the Stargate which Ford had just disappeared through that would have looked silly on someone less graceful. Rodney half grimaced back and, adjusting his backpack, walked forward through the portal, fully cognizant of Sheppard following a step behind. He half stumbled out of the event horizon, taking in the familiar sight of the SGA Gateroom as he walked heavily down the ramp before turning to watch Sheppard stride down after him flanked by his security team and negotiators, the man looking cool, poised and very, very fuckable.

Elizabeth and Sumner were waiting soberly at the foot of the ramp and Elizabeth immediately moved forward to greet the delegation once everyone had come safely through and the gate had shut down.

“High Overlord Sheppard,” Elizabeth smiled warmly at the man, and, in full Ambassadorial mode, held out her hand in greeting. “Welcome to Atlantis. My name is Doctor Elizabeth Weir and it is a great pleasure to meet you.”

Sheppard immediately smiled back, the charm he seemed to wear like a second skin kicking into full gear in the wry quirk of his smile and crinkling of his eyes as he took Elizabeth’s hand and raised it for a kiss that had Rodney’s eyes narrowing with displeasure.

“Thank you Doctor Weir,” Sheppard drawled out. “I assure you the pleasure’s all mine.” He studied the lovely Atlantis expedition leader and his smile flashed wider. “And please, call me John.”

Elizabeth’s own smile grew as she was charmed in spite of herself. “Then you must call me Elizabeth.”

“Elizabeth,” Sheppard nodded as if ‘Elizabeth’ was just the most perfect name ever. Rodney suppressed the urge to roll his eyes. Yes, yes, very friendly. How not surprising.

His interest sharpened as Sheppard turned his attention to Colonel Sumner. Rodney wasn’t at all surprised that Elizabeth seemed to like Sheppard. Sheppard was charming. God, Sheppard was charming. And Elizabeth was easy. Okay, not easy, easy, in any bad way but easy, as in, ready to like and trust the friendly aliens until they proved themselves to be soul-sucking fiends, easy. Now if Sheppard could charm the ‘Colonel of Doom’ then Rodney was really going to have to strap the High Lord to a table in the science lab until he could find some way to duplicate the man’s charisma. Oh God. Sheppard strapped down. Rodney winced and shifted. Bad image. Bad image. Concentrate.

Sumner had been standing next to Elizabeth with an impassive expression on his weathered face. As Sheppard shifted his focus to the other man, his own smile faded and assumed a more serious tone to match Sumner’s. The two studied each other; Sumner’s eyes faintly challenging, Sheppard’s completely neutral. Finally, Sumner nodded a curt greeting. “Colonel Marshall Sumner, Head of Military Operations in Atlantis.”

Sheppard nodded back in exactly the same way. “John Sheppard. High Lord of Leiath.”

Sumner’s eyes narrowed, his focus on the other man tightening. “I’m curious, High Lord,” the voice held a challenge that matched the gleam in the Colonel’s icy eyes. “Is your position an inherited one or an appointed one?”

Rodney watched Sheppard smile coolly in response. “Well, I guess you could say it’s a combination of both, Colonel. I inherited the title when my father and older brother passed away.” His tone was still sober but a glint of humour appeared in his eyes. “But on my world, if the people don’t think you’re fit to rule you don’t rule.”

Elizabeth arched an eyebrow in surprise at this, clearly interested in the governmental workings of another world. “There’s an electoral procedure then?” She asked curiously before Sumner could comment.

Sheppard glanced over at her, his smile warming into a rueful grin. “Well, I guess you could say that,” he confirmed. “Leiaths are a pretty straightforward people. If my subjects didn’t think I was fit to rule I would have had a little ‘accident’ before my formal takeover.” He turned and shot a look over his shoulder at the member of his security detail on his right. “Isn’t that right Boyd?”

Boyd, another hulking soldier who looked like he must have the IQ of a turnip, blinked at being the sudden focus of attention. He tilted his big square head as if to give the question its proper consideration. “Well,” he finally mused, his voice a deep bass that was surprisingly smooth and cultured, “it was a pretty close vote High Lord. But, I’d have to say that, at least for the guards, it weighed heavily in your favour that you’re so bad at Maka. We figured that, being High Lord and all, you’d have more money to lose.”

Sheppard’s eyes narrowed at the guard who possessed the rather impressive ability to stare back with an impassive stone face while at the same time conveying an invisible smirk. Rodney was also pretty sure that he heard Ford muffling a snicker.

“I am not bad at Maka.”

Having addressed the insult, Sheppard turned back to smile dryly at the two Atlantean leaders. “As you can see the title High Lord gets a lot of respect.”

Elizabeth’s right eyebrow had shot up in surprise at Sheppard’s comments and his exchange with the Leiath soldier. Her own smile at their interaction was hastily stifled but Rodney could tell she was amused and also curious about just how truthful Sheppard was being.

“I see. That’s a very, uh, straightforward approach,” Elizabeth finally murmured, smiling with just the right degree of political correctness. Rodney rolled his eyes. Diplomacy at its finest.

Sumner had apparently decided Sheppard was not an immediate threat and actually relaxed enough to smile. Well, okay he sort of moved the corners of his lips up. Definitely need to talk to Sheppard about donating his charisma to science. Not thinking about strapping Sheppard to a table. Not thinking about…dammit.

Elizabeth, having recovered from her surprise at Sheppard’s description of Leiath politics, gestured for Carson to join their party. “John, may I introduce Carson Beckett, the head of our medical team. As we discussed previously, we do require all off-world guests as well as returning away team members to receive a medical exam before being cleared for the rest of Atlantis.” Her tone was slightly apologetic but firm.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you High Lord,” Carson offered in his softly pleasant burr as he approached, beaming genially at Sheppard or—what Rodney decided to start calling privately—his Interstellar Overlord Sex Babe, offering his hand in greeting.

“Doctor,” Sheppard returned, his expression easy going and friendly as he shook the proffered hand.

“Ah, if you’ll follow me High Lord, the medical facilities are right this way. Now, let me assure you that it should be a painless procedure and it shouldna’ take long.” Carson deferentially indicated the direction and the two began to move towards the nearest transporter, Sheppard’s guard detail and Rodney and the rest of the away team following.

Sheppard and his team looked around them with interest as they walked, taking in the tech and the gleaming hallways of Atlantis, making polite conversation with Carson. Once they reached the medical labs, the Doctor gestured Sheppard towards the Ancient’s version of an MRI machine. The other doctors and nurses on duty started checking Rodney, Ford and the others out while Sheppard let himself be led towards the table. Before he could reach it Boyd inserted himself between Sheppard and the machine. “High Lord, I’ll do this test first.” His tone was firm and carried a hint of ‘which you damn well should have known.’

Rodney watched with interest to see if Sheppard would argue with his soldier but he merely shrugged good naturedly and backed away, letting the other man take his place.

“Right then,” Carson nodded a bit nervously, clearly a bit overwhelmed by the presence of a genuine interplanetary High Lord. Rodney smugly brought up images of the High Lord going down on him last night. His High Lord. His interplanetary Overlord Sex Babe. His…”Ow! Watch it!” He snarled at the nurse who shot him an evil glare in return. Rodney was not popular with the infirmary nurses for some reason. It wasn’t his fault the nursing staff consisted of incompetent morons and that he had told them so. Several times.

“So what do you think of our base so far?” Ford asked Sheppard. The young lieutenant had managed to bond with Sheppard during their little stay on Leiath. Not surprising since the younger man had the enthusiasm of a puppy dog and a gung ho attitude for all things military. Apparently being High Lord counted as military in Ford’s book. The fact that Sheppard seemed equally enthralled with Ford irritated Rodney immensely. Sheppard was his Evil Overlord.

Sheppard grinned at Ford in response to the man’s question. “Well,” he answered dryly, “the gate room was very pretty and the hallway was extremely impressive as hallways go…”

Ford laughed, boyish feature lighting up. “Once we get you checked out of here and you have your first sit down meeting with Colonel Sumner and Doctor Weir, we’ll arrange for the royal tour. Trust me, Sheppard, Atlantis is amazing.”

“Well, I look forward to seeing it, Lieutenant,” Sheppard smiled again and Rodney felt his eyes narrow in response.

Right, time to nip this puppy crush thing in the bud. Rodney stood up, shaking off the irritating nurse at his side and smiled condescendingly at Ford. “Yes, yes, that’s an excellent idea Lieutenant and I have a full tour planned for the High Lord.” His High Lord.

Ford blinked at Rodney in surprise. “Uh, I think it would make more sense for me to take the High Lord on his tour Doctor McKay. After all he’s a military commander and I…”

“Being the leader of his people I’m sure the High Lord is interested in all aspects of Atlantis, Lieutenant.” Rodney waved his hand dismissively in the air.

“Well, yeah, but…”

“Right, good…everything is settled then,” Rodney brushed aside Ford’s protest and turned his attention back to Sheppard who was watching him with amusement.

“I am interested in all aspects of Atlantis,” Sheppard said mildly. “I’m sure Dr. McKay will be an excellent tour guide of the main areas of Atlantis,” his smile widened at the obvious doubt on Ford’s face. “But I’d really like to see the armoury and other areas which are more geared towards your military contingent. If it’s allowed that is,” he said to Ford who immediately lit up with a grin.

“Sure! I, uh, just need to clear it with Colonel Sumner that is,” Ford said, face falling a little as he realized the unlikelihood of the Colonel approving a tour of their military power to an alien.

“Oh, I’m sure we can talk the Colonel around,” Sheppard assured Ford with a grin.

Rodney frowned in disapproval at the interplay. Sheppard was his High Lord. Dammit.