This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, 
copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used  
commercially.  Using this material in any commercial publication, 
including websites, withough the express permission of the author, will 
be followed up with legal action.  This fictional story was written 
for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those 
under the legal age.

---

Mother's Little Helper (F-solo, M-solo, f-solo, ff, MF, con, voy, 
impreg, 1st)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

--------------
Two weeks ago:
--------------

"But Dave, you know what week that is!"

"I know, Linda, but it's my job, and we need the money."

"Money isn't everything."

-----------------------------
Jump forward - four days ago:
-----------------------------

Hi! My name is Jessica (Jesse to my friends).  I'm 15 years old, 
slim with light brown hair, and I attend Junior High School.  I live 
with my parents in the suburbs.  It's quiet compared to the city, 
and my Mom really likes that.  My Dad is a contractor for the city 
and has to drive out there every weekday.  The trip takes a couple 
of hours each way, but Mom says he gets paid a *lot* of money, so 
it's worth it.

This week Dad has to work some strange 14-hour night shifts.  
They're overhauling one of the main roads in town and they want to 
do it when they're used the least.  Mom works 9 to 5 a few miles 
away, but Dad's shifts are completely at odds with hers.  They don't 
even get to see each other for the week, Dad having to leave more 
than an hour before Mom even gets off work! Her lunch break isn't 
even long enough for her to see him.  She's been quite unhappy about 
it, but seems better the last few days.  Only 4 days to go 'til his 
shifts return to normal.

Since there are a couple of hours in between when I get off school 
and Mom's workday ends, I normally go to Amber's house.  Amber is my 
friend, though Mom calls her my babysitter to annoy me.  Amber's 
only a couple of years older than me, in Senior High.  Amber's nice, 
but sometimes she's a little odd.  She tells me she likes me a lot.  
I'm a little uncomfortable with it.  Maybe tomorrow I'll just come 
straight home from school.

Today, however, I got home at 5:30.  Mom's car was already in the 
carport.  I came in through the carport door and went upstairs.  An 
odd sound was coming from my parents' room, so I stopped, listening.

There were some gasping sounds and groaning.  It sounded like Mom! I 
inched closer to her room, peering in through the slightly open 
door.  I gasped -- she was naked, lying on her bed, thrusting a 
humming dildo in and out of her vagina.

"Uh uh uh...oh, Dave...yes, yes..." she murmured.

Even in my surprise I noted that my Mom's body wasn't bad, only a 
little sag in her breasts and "Mom fat" around her midsection.  Her 
shoulder-length blonde hair was splayed around her head on the bed 
and her tanned, angular features were contorted with desire for the 
penetrating fake penis.

Her in-and-out motion picked up speed.  "Oh oh oh! Yes! Now...yes!" 
she cried as she gripped the phallus harder, its humming suddenly 
changing to a repetitive louder pitch.  "Oh god YES! In me! Do it in 
me! UH UH UH! Oh Dave..." Her entire body stiffened in the throes of 
her orgasm.

Mom visibly relaxed after a bit, breathing heavily, and I moved back 
from the door, slipping into my room before she had a chance to 
notice me.  My pussy was tingling, but Mom would want my help with 
dinner soon and I would have no chance to take care of "the itch", 
darn it.

-------------------------
Jump back - ten days ago:
-------------------------

"They can do that?"

"Yes, Dave, it's amazing what technology can do these days."

"So it'll arrive in time if we order it on the Internet?  I know how 
much you're looking forward to trying again, Linda."

"The web site says next-day shipping.  We'll be able to figure it 
out in time."

"Hm...where's my credit card?"

------------------------------
Jump forward - three days ago:
------------------------------

The next day I headed straight home from school.  I wanted a closer 
look at Mom's dildo -- I had never seen a real one before.  Entering 
the house, I headed upstairs.  Again I was greeted to groaning 
sounds, only this time from the bathroom -- it was Dad!

He hadn't fully closed the bathroom door, and I could see the side 
of his head reflected in the steamy wall mirror.  Looking down, I 
could see he was naked, fresh from the shower, and masturbating!

I had never seen my Dad's penis before -- it was huge! Not that I 
had seen any real penises before, of course; just the ones in the 
anatomy pictures in health class.  It was a good 8 inches or so, and 
the head was quite purple.  Dad's eyes were closed as he manipulated 
his member, back and forth.

Watching intently, I realized that my mouth was filling with drool.  
I certainly shouldn't think of my Daddy that way, though it was hard 
not to, looking at his tight butt and hips, his dark wet hair 
plastered to his head, his strong jaw set as he concentrated on his 
own pleasure.  My pussy started to tingle again.

Dad started to mumble.  "Yeah, you want this, huh?  You want my cum?  
Soon, baby, soon.  Oh, you feel so good."  His hand moved faster up 
and down his shaft and his breathing increased.  So did mine.

After a minute or so he suddenly turned away and reached for 
something on the counter.  I quickly slipped to the side.  I could 
no longer see him but could still hear everything.

"Uh uh UH! Oh, honey, here it comes.  Mmm UH! YEAH! AHHHH!"

I quickly but quietly slipped back downstairs, otherwise Dad would 
have known I had seen him since the bathroom is on the way to my 
bedroom.  Keeping quiet in the family room downstairs, I waited 
until I heard Dad leave and lock the front door behind him.

I quickly headed into my parents' room.  Looking around, I noticed 
the dildo right away, being quite prominent on top of a chest of 
drawers.  It was plugged into an electrical base.

I walked over and removed it from its cradle.  It was rubberized and 
skin-pink, and longer than dildos I had seen on the Internet due to 
a few inches of hand-contoured rubber near the bottom.  My fingers 
fit right into the contours as I held it, and it felt warm, probably 
because of the batteries being charged from the base.  It was pretty 
realistic -- it even had a flared head and a small hole at the tip 
like a real penis.

Checking the clock, I found that I still had about an hour before 
Mom would leave work.  My pussy really needed attention -- should I?  
Horniness won out.  I rushed into my room and closed the door, 
pulling off my jeans and t-shirt, leaving my shoes, socks, bra and 
panties on.  Lying down on the bed I held the dildo reverently.  
Would it fit?  Our family doctor had told me years ago that a fall 
in gymnastics class had broken my hymen, which would make my first 
time mostly pain-free.  I guess this would count as "my first time", 
as the biggest thing that had been in my cunny up to this point had 
been my fingers.  I raised my hips and pulled off my panties.

I brought the dildo down to my hole and pushed it in a little.  I 
was getting wet down there, but not enough to allow this big prick 
access.  Wait -- hadn't it vibrated when Mom used it?  Bringing it 
back up near my face I found that the handle at the bottom actually 
twisted clockwise, starting up the vibrations.  I brought it back 
down to my clit, sending excitement radiating through me.

"Mmm", I exhaled.  That felt good.  The vibrations quickly got me 
ready, and I positioned the dildo back at the entrance to my unused 
hole.  It went in a little, the vibrations starting to spread from 
within my body, activating nerves within me that had never been 
stimulated before.  "Ooohh...mmm..." The dildo sank a little deeper, 
increasing the stimulation.  I closed my eyes and relaxed.

My thoughts strayed back to my Daddy, naked and masturbating in the 
bathroom, the water from the shower glistening on his skin.  Oh, 
jeez! I shouldn't think of my Dad that way! I shifted my thoughts to 
Jim, a senior on the football team at school, brown-haired and blue-
eyed.  I thought of him just getting out of the shower, his tanned, 
muscled body dripping on the floor tiles.  Do you want me, Jim?  Is 
that your dick pushing into my cunt?  Unh mmm... My hand bumped into 
the outer lips of my cunt.  The dildo was in all the way!

I pulled it back out slowly.  God, the vibrations were incredible! I 
had to have it back in me, and my hand moved faster, increasing the 
speed of the in-out motion.  GOD it felt good! I would never be 
satisfied with just my fingers again! I started pulling the dildo in 
harder, as if a man was thrusting into me.  Oh, Jim! Oh! After a few 
minutes I could feel an orgasm building within me, but it felt 
different, a lot more powerful than any I had experienced before.  I 
was going to explode!

As I started to cum my hand squeezed the base of my rubber lover, 
hard.  Suddenly the dildo started making a "Wrrrm! WRRRM!" sound, 
and the vibrations increased tenfold, rising and falling with the 
sound.  I felt an odd warmth deep inside me.  "What--?! Oh! Ohh! 
OHHHHHHH!!!" My orgasm blasted off like a rocket as my hips rose 
from the bed, my entire body stiffening in the most powerful orgasm 
of my young life.  "UHH! UHHH! OH GOD! UUUUUUHHHHHHUHUHUH!!!"

After a half-minute or so my orgasm calmed down, as did my grip on 
the dildo.  The vibrations went back down to their original level.  
Holy fuck! No wonder Mom went so nuts when she used this thing 
yesterday! Jesus!

Removing the dildo from my cunt, I got up, put on my robe and headed 
to the bathroom to clean my new rubberized friend up.  There was an 
odd whitish fluid lightly coating it, and come to think of it more 
liquid was starting to come out of my vagina now that I was standing 
up.  Damn, I didn't think women could produce that much lubrication, 
but then again I'd never had something as big or as pleasurable as 
the dildo in me before either.  Wow.

I washed the dildo and used toilet paper to clean myself up as best 
I could, then returned my new best friend to its cradle.  I would 
definitely return.

---------------------------
Jump back - eight days ago:
---------------------------

"Our package arrived today, Dave."

"Ah...want me to read the instructions over?"

"I'm no good with gadgets...go ahead."

"...interesting..."

--------------------------
Jump ahead - two days ago:
--------------------------

I woke up the next morning with sore boobies.  Mine weren't really 
big but Mom keeps telling me that I haven't fully grown yet.  
They're an okay size, I guess.  Stupid me, I picked a tight shirt to 
wear to school.  It rubbed against my breasts all day, and by the 
last bell I was horny as a toad.  I rushed home, my thighs rubbing 
together as I pedaled my bike.  Boy, was Mr. Dildo gonna get it 
today...

I must've just missed Dad this time, but that was just fine.  My 
quarry was waiting for me patiently, permanently rising to the 
occasion.  Hello, big boy... I grabbed it and rushed into my room, 
flinging off all my clothes.  You get me entirely naked today, 
buster.  You like what you see?  Mmm, I can feel you vibrating 
already under my touch.

This time I lay down on the bed with my feet toward the headboard.  
Touching my cunt with my fingers I found that I was already wet and 
ready to go.  Wait a minute...sore breasts, well-lubricated...I 
remembered this from health class:  I was right in between my 
monthly periods so I must have been...whatchacallit...overlating?  
No wonder I was so horny!

I put my feet on my pillow, raising my pelvis in the air a bit, and 
jammed the dildo home.  OHH YEAH! Fuck me, Jim! Give it to me hard! 
Huh huh huh! I rammed the dildo in and out, my hot, wet insides 
lovingly accepting the penetration and vibrations.

I closed my eyes and pictured Jim on top of me, ramming his 
(probably) huge cock into me again and again, his piercing blue eyes 
gazing into mine.  Oh fuck! So good!  Uh uhh uhhh! God, I was going 
to cum so hard! Are you going to cum in me Jim?  Do you want to 
spurt into my hot wet cunt?  You naughty boy, fucking me without a 
condom! Oh Jim! OH! OH!

I scooted my hips up and brought my feet onto the headboard, raising 
my pelvis high.  My grip tightened around the base of the dildo as I 
jammed it hard inside me, unknowingly activating the special 
feature.  Wrrrm! WRRRM! The dildo increased its vibrations, sending 
orgasmic pulses all through my body.  UHH! UHH! UHHHHH!!!  I felt 
the warm liquidy feeling inside me again.  My entire body tensed as 
I screamed in ecstasy, my cervix spasming as it hunted for whatever 
it could find in my cunt to suck into my womb, my young, healthy 
reproductive system realizing it was getting what it needed even 
though I was still oblivious.  UUUAAHHHH!!! AAARRRHHHH!!!! 
OOOOOHHHH!!!! Oh Jim! Oh Jim! Oh...
...
I came back to consciousness as another, smaller orgasm washed over 
me.  Ah! Uhh! UHH! What--?  I must have passed out from my huge cum, 
my feet still hooked over the headboard and my pelvis raised up, the 
dildo still embedded in me, happily thrumming away.  I quickly 
checked the time -- 5:10! I only had a few minutes to clean up 
before Mom came home! On unsteady feet I quickly went into the 
bathroom.

At dinner Mom seemed sad, almost disappointed.  I guess she missed 
Dad.  Oh well, only a couple of days to go...

---------------------------
Jump back - seven days ago:
---------------------------

Instructions for the "Mother's Little Helper" dildo:
  - Make sure the unit is fully charged before use.  The power 
indicator on the charging base will show a solid green light.
  - To activate the unit's vibratory function, simply twist the 
handhold base clockwise until it stops.
  - If you wish to use the UltraSpurt feature, please make sure that 
you have filled the receptacle head with the desired liquid and have 
securely refastened the handhold base to the dildo.
  - To activate the UltraSpurt feature, turn on the vibratory 
function and squeeze the handhold base tightly.  The pressure switch 
will activate the UltraSpurt pump, increasing the pleasurable 
vibrations and simulating a man's ejaculation.
  - ATTENTION: Please do not put anything into the receptacle head 
that you do not want to enter your preferred orifice.

-----------------------
Jump ahead - yesterday:
-----------------------

I woke up feeling tired the next morning, but also strangely 
relaxed.  School passed slowly, my mind wandering back to my new 
lover, patiently waiting for me on my mother's chest of drawers.  
Mmm.  My teachers gave me some odd glances as I ignored their 
lessons and daydreamed.  Whatever.

I rushed home again, ready for another round of orgasmic action.  I 
had just entered my parents' room when I heard a knock at the door.  
Who could that be?

I was going to ignore it, but Amber's voice came through:  "I know 
you're there, Jesse.  I saw your bike in the carport!"

I sighed, going to the front door and opening it a bit.  "Uh, hi, 
Amber.  Listen, this isn't a good time."

"Let me in, Jessica.  We have to talk."  She looked determined, her 
light blue eyes boring into mine.  I stepped back from the door to 
let her in.

As I said before, Amber is a couple years older than me, a Senior 
student.  She's actually a little shorter than me, with curly auburn 
hair and pale skin that shows off some freckles.  Today we were a 
matched set; shorts and a loose t-shirt.

She turned on me once the door closed behind her.  "Why have you 
been avoiding me, Jesse?  I thought you liked me!"  Her face was 
mixed with anger and anxiety.  I'd never seen her this way before.

"I'm sorry, Amber.  I just had some things to do here after school 
this week."  Sure, it was sticking a huge dildo up my twat, but it 
wasn't a lie.

"What do you have to do, Jesse?  Your mother said you were to go 
over to my place every day after school -- no exceptions!"

"Um..." My mind went blank.

"What is it?  Tell me!"

"Uh..."

"Tell me, or I'll tell your Mom about you disobeying her."

I was stuck! Mom would be furious if she found out! "Okay, 
okay...but you have to promise not to tell anyone -- anyone!"

Amber was taken aback.  "Sure, Jesse.  Of course.  We're friends."  
She watched my face intently.

I pulled her into my parents' room and showed her the dildo.  She 
stared at it as if it was the Mona Lisa.  "Wow..."

I told her about how I had been using it the last few days and how 
it was so stimulating.  I didn't go into detail, feeling quite 
uncomfortable talking about something so intimate with her.

"Um, Jesse," she said, chewing her lower lip, still gazing at the 
dildo.  "Would you...would you let me try it?"

"What?!"  I couldn't believe she had just asked that.

"Please, Jesse.  I've never even seen a dildo before, much less used 
one.  Please?  I won't tell your Mom."

She was still trying to blackmail me, damnit! "Fine, whatever.  You 
can use my bed."

She took the dildo down carefully.  "It's warm" she marveled.

"Just hurry up, okay?"  I ushered her into my room.

As I turned to leave I heard her call.  "Jesse?  Could you help me?  
I don't know how to use it."

Sighing, I went back in.  Amber was already lying on the bed, her t-
shirt falling to join her shorts on the floor.  I had never seen her 
without her clothes on before.  She was actually in pretty good 
shape, her medium-size breasts pushing out a little over the fabric 
of her tight bra.  I sat next to her and took the dildo.  I wished I 
were going to use it instead of her.

"You turn the bottom like this."  Click.  The vibrations started up.  
"The rest should be easy."  I dropped the dildo on her stomach and 
started to get up.

"Wait, Jesse... I don't know what to do now.  Please help me."

What?  I remembered that Amber and I had talked about sex sometimes, 
and she indicated that she wasn't a virgin, though she had never 
said how and when it happened, or with who.  Surely she should know 
how to put a cock into her cunt!  I looked at her.  Her eyes were 
pleading, apprehensive.  I took the dildo again.  "Close your 
eyes." I said, moving the dildo to her chest.

She took a sharp intake of breath as the dildo touched her boobs 
where her nipples showed through a little.  I like to play with my 
nipples when I masturbate, so I figured this might help her relax.  
"Ooh", she moaned, her mouth hanging open a little, her eyes still 
shut.  The vibrations caused her breasts to tremble as I moved it 
back and forth.  Her nipples became hard, standing proudly through 
the fabric.  Her breathing increased.

I moved the dildo down her stomach, circling her bellybutton as I 
went, eliciting more moans.  My nether regions were starting to 
tingle again.  I reached for her panties and pulled the crotch 
aside.  Wetness glistened around her pussy lips and it had spread a 
bit through her reddish pubic hair.  I paused, just looking.  A 
familiar smell wafted up.  I guess all women have that smell when 
their cunts are wet...

I brought the dildo down lower, along her panties and close to her 
hole.  I heard another sharp intake of breath as I brought the 
vibrator to where I saw her clit peeking out.  "Oh...ohh..." she 
groaned.  Damn, I was really getting horny!  I used my other hand to 
undo the button and zipper on my shorts.

I turned around and climbed up to kneel on the bed.  This would 
allow me to hold the dildo properly, my fingers falling into the 
contours of the well-designed base, and also allow my other hand 
better access to my needy cunt.  It was really itching for action, 
even if it was only going to get my fingers.

I positioned the tip of the dildo at Amber's hot hole and slowly 
pushed it in.  Her eyes opened, seeing what I was doing with the sex 
toy and my own self-gratification in progress.  My fingers slipped 
under my panties and right into my hole.  I no longer cared about 
what Amber would think of me now.  The dildo was halfway in when I 
pulled it out, again slowly.  Amber's eyes locked with mine.  I 
pushed the dildo back in, my other hand's fingers mirroring the 
motion.  "Unhh..." Our moans were in stereo.  The dildo and my 
fingers went in, out, in, out, picking up speed.  God, this was so 
hot!

Amber's hand reached down to hold mine on the dildo while her other 
started to play with her tits.  "Oh, Jesse, yes.  Oh, I've wanted 
this for so long."  Her words, while unexpected, were helping me on 
my way to orgasm.  My hands moved faster, in, out, in, out.  Ohh 
God...Amber...

"Jesse...unhh...oh, baby... Yeah, fuck me with that cock. Oh 
Jesus..."

After a couple of minutes I was getting close, and it seemed Amber 
wasn't far off either.  Our eyes never left each other, our mutual 
orgasms getting closer and closer...

Suddenly I was cumming! UNHHH! Oh shit! My grip on the dildo 
tightened, activating the hidden switch within.  Wrrrmm! WRRRMM! 
Amber's eyes widened as the vibrations exploded within her.

"What the--?  OH! OHHH!! OH GOD! UNHHH! UNNNNHHHH!!!"  Her hips rose 
off the bed as her vagina spasmed around the dildo.  Her hand pulled 
mine toward her, jamming the sex toy as far into her as it would go.  
"AAAHHH! OH FUCK, JESSE! I'M CUMMING! CUMMING AROUND YOUR COCK!"

I was cumming too, spurred on to higher orgasmic levels by Amber's 
outcries.  The dildo rammed into her again and again.  "Oh Amber! 
Take my cock, you bitch! Fuck me back! Fuck me! UHH! UNHH!"

"Oh GOD Jesse, I swear I feel you cumming in me! So good! SO GOOD! 
Uhh AHH!"

Our orgasms lasted at least a minute.  It's hard to tell when you're 
so wrapped up in the moment.  Finally we came down, my hands moving 
down beside my body to keep me from falling off the bed as I shook 
from the release of nervous energy.

Amber was in absolute heaven by the looks of her.  Her eyes were 
half-lidded, and one arm was draped over her forehead.  "Oh Jesus, 
Jesse.  It's never been like that before."  She reached down to pull 
the dildo from deep within her, a disappointed look crossing her 
face as it vacated her cunt.  "Hey, what--?"  She watched a white 
drop as it fell from the hole in the tip of the dildo onto her 
stomach.  She used a finger to wipe it up, brought it to her nose 
and sniffed, then touched it to her tongue.  Her eyes widened in 
shock.

"Oh my God! Oh my God!"  She sat upright, her hands moving to her 
crotch, bringing out more white liquid from within her.

"It's okay, Amber.  The dildo's really effective, isn't it?"  It 
sure made me come lots when I used it, I thought wistfully.

Amber looked sharply at me, her eyes searching.  "Jesse, how could 
you?  I LOVED you! I thought you loved me! How could you do this?!" 
She rolled off the bed to the floor, picking up her t-shirt and 
shorts, trying to get the latter on quickly as she hopped out of the 
room.

"Amber?  What's wrong?"  I followed her out into the hall.  She was 
heading for the front door, still repeating Oh my God.  Her t-shirt 
was half on when she threw open the door and ran for her bike.  In a 
few seconds she was gone.  I stood in the doorway, supremely 
confused.  What the fuck?

About an hour later Mom came home just long enough to change her 
clothes and go right back out, as she was going to her Friday 
"stitch and bitch" at one of her friend's houses.  She would be home 
late, she said, so I was not to wait up.  Dad was due back in the 
morning, his last night shift over.  I missed him.

After Mom left I went and grabbed the dildo again, but it wasn't the 
same.  The vibrations were there and the super-vibe action too, but 
something seemed missing.  I didn't even produce very much liquid 
cum.  The incident with Amber was really bothering me.  Well, maybe 
I would go over there after school Monday to talk to her.

------
Today:
------

Dave got home early in the morning and then gave his wife a nice, 
hard "good morning" wakeup fuck.  She came like crazy before he 
finished up, blowing his load in her hopefully still-fertile cunt.  
Ahh.  Real sex was so much better than masturbating.  He had missed 
her all week.

"'morning, hon."  He snuggled up to her.

"'morning yourself."  She kissed him and abruptly rolled off the 
bed.  Grabbing her bathrobe, she headed down the hallway towards the 
washroom.

Dave thought for a moment.  Was she mad about something?  He dressed 
and headed for the kitchen.  As his wife came out of the washroom he 
saw his daughter Jessica come out of her room, bathrobe-clad.  She 
was really becoming quite the beautiful young lady.  Jesse paused 
for a moment, gazing toward her parents' bedroom, then continued on 
towards the washroom, a smile on her face.  Dave thought she looked 
radiant.  Easy, partner, he mused, it's not right to think about 
your daughter that way.  He followed his wife into the kitchen.

"Amber's parents left a message late last night on the machine for 
us to call them", he said.  "I saw it blinking when I got in this 
morning.  It sounded urgent."

"Well, we'll call them after we talk."  She sat down at the kitchen 
table, a stern look on her face.  Dave sat across from her, 
confused.

"What happened, Dave?  I thought you wanted another baby?"

"I do! What's going on?" he replied.

"You didn't leave any sperm in the dildo for the last several days.  
I was so disappointed.  My fertile time of the month is over now."

What was going on?  He had left her a large helping of his swimmers 
in the dildo's receptacle every day! Missing sperm... A flurry of 
images crossed his mind within a few seconds:  Amber's parents' 
worried message, Jessica looking radiant, glowing even, glancing 
wistfully at their room *where they kept the dildo*...

OH SHIT!

---

Continued in part 2:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/krosis/motherslittlehelper2.txt

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans?  E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)