"Michael?" 

"Yeah, Brian?"

"Be gentle. I'm fragile."

"augh! You... are such a pretentious jackass..."

Brian closed his eyes in bliss. "I love it when you talk dirty to me."

"May I say something... before we...?"

"Uh... I guess..."

"We haven't done anything different than we've done before..."

"Yeah?"

"... and I can already tell... this night won't be enough for me..."

"What are you saying, Michael?"

"I love Ben."

"Yup. Got it. It's why you're here."

"But... I do love you more..."

"Michael..."

"Wait... wait... don't shoot me down until you hear me out..."

"What are you trying to say?"

"Ben giving us this one night. Like I said, I don't think it will be enough. I know how you are... you'll need your frequent tricks on the side..."

"Whoa, whoa... no, wait... Michael... don't do this to yourself."

"If I didn't have Ben in my life, I'd be a tad more possessive..."

"No. I won't... have an affair with you."

"So... for you, tonight will be enough?"

"No... I don't know. I can't make a snap decision like you can. I have to see how I feel afterward."

"We can't rewind time. Once we do this, there's no going back."

"I know this, Michael. I suppose... what I'm hoping for is that one of us comes to some type of conclusion of what to do. Because I can tell you now, if it were up to me... once you're in my bed, I don't share. I won't share you with anyone. Even with Ben."

"Happy to hear that."

"I knew you would be."

"Now... shut up... and kiss me like I've been wanting..."

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

They would talk, then kiss. Talk, then nudge faces, sliding cheek against cheek. Talk, then sigh, their hearts and lungs finding a matched tempo. Talk, then laugh, their hands merging in tight bonds of entangled fingers, palm to palm.

Never had Ben heard such laughter in bed. Like childish giggling, hard to tell who was who. He had expected Brian and Michael to do something out of the norm. But what he certainly didn't expect was what they had outside of the bedroom could be duplicated in between the sheets.

Michael touched Brian's hair, his stubble, he sculpted a hand down the biceps and forearms and then he would grab those hips. Those were some of the parts of Brian that Michael found erotic. Michael's right hand trailed under the cotton t-shirt, sliding up the dips and curves of Brian's back.

Ben was shocked Michael hadn't tried to reach into Brian's jeans and discover the one thing every other man had been interested in.

Not tonight. Not when Michael had Brian Kinney in his arms where he always dreamed him to belong.

With his sexuality forefront, Ben thought Brian would start to peel Michael's sweats off, so he could satisfy his own lustful desires. Why not? That's what won men over in Brian's bed. The commanding way he took charge, knowing exactly what he wanted. He even knew how to pleasure his bed partners, despite seeking his own fulfillment.

But, apparently, not tonight. Not with Michael.

More than anything, the way Brian lay along Michael on the bed, he looked as if he was holding Michael. Not a hug, but a strong, yet, warm embrace. That smile that seemed unshakable on Brian's face, as if Michael was the most precious thing in the world to him. He'd kiss Michael, then trail those wet lips over features he'd grown to love over time. His hands, when they weren't clutching Michael, brushed over the bare midriff. Brian had a strange fascination with Michael's pale, soft skin. Like he'd love nothing better than to crawl inside Michael and burrow.

Michael began lifting Brian's shirt hem, Brian bowed his head to make the action smoother. Both their hands reached for Michael's shirt hem. But the caresses sparked the need to kiss again. This time the lip locks lasted longer, tongues coming out to play. Michael got rid of his shirt, chucking it over near Brian's. He shifted, drawing his legs up, bent at the knee. Brian fit between the spread thighs. Michael's hands traced up the long back, fingernails scraping up and down.

At one point, Michael shyly turned his face away, allowing Brian access to his neck and shoulder joint. Brian took the offer, kissing and lapping over Michael's collarbone and upper chest. He brought up his hands to grasp Michael under the armpits, thumb pads directly under the dark rosy nipples. They were hard, pert, begging to be suckled.

The fantasy of Michael the other night flashed through Brian's mind. He could sense the unconscious action of Michael thrusting his chest at his mouth as he arched on the pillow. This small move was sending Michael into madness. Michael's hips began rolling, his hands in a frenzied need to pull Brian even closer than he was.

Shockingly, Brian was taking his time, Michael becoming the one with a voracious appetite. He simply gripped Brian's shoulders and let his body fall completely under Brian's control. Whatever Brian did would spark a reaction from Michael. The whimpering and moaning were silenced by kisses. Brian's method to quiet Michael tended to be a combination of his lips, his tongue, his hand on Michael's face and then the words whispered into Michael's ear. They caused Michael to close his eyes, nodding slowly, pecking at or near Brian's own mouth and all over his skin.

Brian rolled them over. He lay on his back, Michael over him, straddling. Hands finally delved under the sweats, then the underwear. Brian freed the upper curves of Michael's rear, but didn't lower the material. His palms cupped the rounded flesh. This time he massaged and split apart the cheeks. His deft fingers slipping down the crack to stimulate the puckered skin.

Michael let out a small cry of pleasure, swiftly swallowed by Brian's mouth. Michael's hips began thrusting, pushing against the fingertip. Brian didn't penetrate, he simply teased, nearly sending Michael into orbit. Michael fell forward onto Brian's chest, attacking his bare flesh. He tenderly bit at the rounded shoulder joint as they both lowered Michael's sweatpants and underwear. The clothes were thrown in the same direction as the shirts.

The friction of throbbing cock on denim caused Michael to suck in some air. He rose up off Brian's torso and began rubbing himself over Brian's erection underneath. This was where Brian lost control. Michael pinned Brian's bent arms beside his head, laying flat on Brian's chest, imprisoning him to the mattress.

Ben perked up, eyebrow raising in curiosity. Brian was actually allowing dominance over him? Was that even possible?

There Michael was completely naked and vulnerable... at Brian's half-clothed mercy. Brian obviously could have overpowered Michael. He chose not to, he gave in. Not like a forfeit, but opening his own body for Michael to find his own pleasure. Because, in essence, whatever pleased Michael, turned Brian on ten times more.

Brian groaned, arcing his back, showing a paltry resistance to Michael's "forceful" grip on his wrists. Michael feasted on his skin, nipples and inhaled his heady scent. His hands weakened in their hold the lower he went down Brian's body. His fingers clutched at the jean waistline, kissing the denim covered length. He could feel the radiating heat against his cheek. As Michael undid the series of buttons to gain beneath the tough fabric, he could detect that Brian hadn't bothered with underwear. He shut his eyes in bittersweet happiness. As if knowing Brian had some inkling this was where they'd end up tonight. Michael brushed a hand over Brian's face, down his chest, instructing him to take off his jeans while he went to the nightstand. He would grab the condom and lube.

Ben eyed Brian methodically shimmying out of his jeans, hazel eyes intent on Michael's naked form at the tight muscles and pale skin stretched to reach the drawer. The eyes may have flashed toward the hard cock hidden, caught between Michael's body and the bed, but Brian trailed his gaze to follow Michael's face and his hands.

Michael was turned away from the camera, but Ben could hear him opening and closing the drawer, like three or four times. Ben caught Brian's laughter as he turned on his right side, showing his bare backside to the camera. Brian was deeply chuckling which probably told that Michael kept adding more and more condom packets to the pile in his hand. When Michael returned, Brian scooted to sit up high, somewhat, on his back. Michael dumped the quantity of rubbers on Brian's lap that made Brian Kinney's brow raised in curiosity.

Michael smiled, crawling back over Brian's legs. He shrugged one shoulder. "Just in case."

"C'mere..." Brian reached down his hands to grab for Michael's forearms.

Michael bit at his bottom lip, swiping away all the condom packets, fitting himself over Brian's hips. He pressed chest to chest, the move causing his rear to raise in the air. He shifted his knees to spread his thighs wider. Brian had opened the tube of lubricant, covering at least three fingers, planning to start with one and slowly increase. Michael moved up higher on Brian's torso, letting the access to his bottom less of a reach. His cock now lay dead center on Brian's chest. Brian's hazel eyes never left Michael's darkening brown eyes as he moved his hands down the slope of Michael's backside. Michael's anus met Brian's finger, sinking in deeply.

They kissed. Michael rolled his hips, meeting Brian's hand. Increasing to two caused Michael to rise off Brian's torso. Brian lifted his body, as well, making Michael raise up further and fall back onto his digits. 

Brian rested his forehead on Michael's jaw. "Rest... on my legs..."

"Brian... what...?" Michael didn't understand for only a minute, but when he realized what position Brian wanted him in, he did what was requested. It was almost like laying in "missionary" position, but doing so on Brian's lap.

Watching Michael fall backward onto his legs, Brian increased to three fingers, beginning to stroke the prostate. Michael nearly fell apart. Though this position caused Michael's dick to flap against his own chest, Brian reached up with his free hand to grasp Michael's hand. Threading their fingers, palm to palm, they both held strong. "I might just cum from watching you." He smirked as he viewed the beautiful sight of his three fingers being swallowed by Michael's body.

"Don't... you... dare..." Michael placed Brian's free hand on his chest, directing him to take his hard cock in his hand. "I've waited... years... for this moment..."

"Then let's not wait any longer." Brian removed his fingers from Michael's anus, intricately lifting Michael back upright. Michael was an inch or two taller than Brian, sitting on his lap. Brian reached around to spread out the array of single condoms. "Any preference?" His hands clamped on Michael's back, sliding over the sweating flesh.

"Not really." Michael shook his head, surrounding his arms about Brian's torso, bending down to kiss and lick him. "Wait... any of them flavored?"

"HELL no!!"

Michael chuckled, cupping Brian's head in his hands to press his lips against Brian's open mouth, their tongues battling. "Yeah... I see your point. Uhm... ribbed is fine." He clutched at Brian's scalp, tangling fingers in Brian's hair. “I like the feel inside me.”

Brian shut his lids, swallowing with some difficulty. "Okay. Better." He didn't know if he could take knowing what a sexual animal Michael could be that he would actually have a favorite type of condom. It was entirely jarring his psyche to learn that his FantasyMichael was pretty spot-on to RealityMichael.

Michael lowered his head, mouth directly above Brian's lips. "Lambskin is good, too. It's got awesome give, feels almost like real flesh..." He kissed Brian's open mouth, licking the circumference of the pliable lips, jaw dropped in shock. He reached up to touch Brian's face. "You taught me 'prevention' well." He saw the brown lashes drop in humbleness. "Having Ben in my life... it's made me appreciate this moment more and more. I actually look forward to the condom choice." He could feel Brian's length pulsating underneath him. Oh... god... "Getting to put it on my lov-... well, geez... what are you now, Brian?"

Brian shook his head, his eyes darting over Michael's face, ending up on his lips. "I don't know. I'm at the point where I can't define us anymore. This... certainly carries us to another realm of something. But as we keep changing, year by year... I just tend to say... you're... mine..." He gulped, nodding his head, then leaned against Michael's face. He needed some kind of reassurance here, feeling set adrift.

Michael pressed his cheek against Brian's cheek, sliding down toward his ear. "Yes... it's true... as you are... mine..." He wrapped one arm about Brian, squeezing tight.

"I am... yours..." Brian ran a shaking hand down Michael's chest.

Michael moved back to open a packet. He shuffled slightly to expose Brian's cock between their bodies. All this time of Brian being naked, Michael never really looked closely. As he rolled the latex over the stiffness, he bent to Brian's ear. "I know you're beautiful... and perfect..." His hand slowly stroked the heat in his hand. "... in every single way. This is no exception... but you must know this..." He gently tightened his grip, causing Brian to suck air between his clenched teeth. "... is not who you are to me..." He kissed Brian's side burn, slipping along his jawline.

Brian cupped the side of Michael's face. "I know. That's why it's taken us this long to get here."

"We could stop right now... and I would be satisfied. I'd still love you."

"I feel the same way." Brian leaned back on his hands, thrusting into Michael's hand.

"But... now that we've started this, between us... I want to feel you..." Michael ran the back of his hand down Brian's length. He shifted up to his knees. "... I need to feel you inside of me..."

"We've always been close, but I've often wondered what it would be like to be even closer to you."

"Then... let's not keep ourselves in suspense any longer." Michael pushed Brian to lean farther back. He readjusted his lower body so Brian's cock rested at his backside, aligning with his crack. He reached around, raising his ass, matching his entrance to Brian's cocktip.

Brian plunged up as Michael pumped down. The first push inside jolted them both. Michael slowly lowered his body, letting his anal walls adjust to Brian's thickness. Brian latched onto Michael's chest, burying his face in the fine sheen covering Michael's bare skin. It wasn't much longer before Brian fit completely inside Michael.

Neither man could move. 

Ben almost “zoomed” the lens, but once he realized what was happening to not one but both men... he had to walk away. He went directly to the fridge, yanked out a beer. What he really needed was a cigarette.

FUCK! Jesus Christ!! 

More than anything, Ben couldn't help but feel he had just witnessed two people... two gay men actually making love. He thought what he had with Michael was special, but... that certainly didn't compare to what was in that bedroom right now. Their actions toward one another definitely showed a very loving nature for both involved.

What Ben truly couldn't bear was watching how truly vulnerable Brian was in Michael's hands. Had those been tears? Or sweat beading, falling down Brian's cheek?

Ben removed his glasses, placing them at the V-neck of his sweater. He pinched the upper bridge of his nose. He realized if he glanced up, he was able to see Brian and Michael through the foggy glass slats. There was some kind of back lighting in Brian's bedroom that was illuminating the two shapes on the bed.

Yeah... this... right here... was a good distance for now.

Back in the bedroom, Michael could feel Brian quivering around him. "Brian... look at me..."

Brian leaned back, attempting to blink up and see Michael as clearly as he could. His eyes were stinging.

Michael noticed the perspiration, but could also see that there was something dangerously tragic on his face. No... no... no... Brian's fears were entering his mind, his hazel eyes clouded with doubts and fright. That this moment would change them, profoundly. His own eyes were misting. "This is it, huh?" He sniffled, nestling his face in the crevice between Brian's neck and shoulder. "No going back for us?"

"I'll still love you best and only."

"I'm jealous."

"Why?"

"I don't want anyone else to have you... after this."

Brian nodded his head, completely understanding. "I want you to stay here... in my arms. Never to go back with Ben." He began to thrust up, the tightness around his cock making him choke out a cry of pleasure. "God... you feel... incredible..."

"Lay down..."

"I don't want to let you go..."

"I'm here..."

"But... not for long..."

"Close your eyes... I'll always be there..." Michael managed to speak before he let his tears fall, undulating onto Brian's cock. "God... yes... you fit me perfectly..." As Brian lowered his body, Michael followed to hover. He pressed kisses all over Brian's face. "I knew you would..." He pounded against Brian's groin. "... jesus... I suddenly feel..."

"What?" Brian reached up to lock his arms securely about Michael's frame.

"Like I don't want our privacy invaded anymore."

"I know..." Brian glanced once toward the camera lens. "Ben's not there."

"Good. Then he won't mind." Michael lifted up to reach behind them for the bed linen. At first, he covered them with the thin sheet. Then he thought about years ago, laying in his old twin bed at the house, making a "tent" under the Captain Astro sheets and comforter to read comics and dirty magazines by flashlight. So he snatched up the comforter, this time fully shielding them from anyones' eyes, even the camera's.

Ben didn't know the difference. The shapes had now fallen to the mattress. He knew something had changed, but he could still hear the sounds of sex in the other room. No way... no way to go back from here. Ever. He was working on his second beer, when he decided to walk over to check on his battery power. That's when he did a quick look into the viewfinder to see... they were hiding under the blankets. He smirked, shaking his head. They were certainly clever. He turned off the camera, feeling as if he'd gotten enough footage to appease not only his paper but maybe his professor. He pulled out his cell phone from his pocket... his one thought to call Lukas, if he was still at the apartment. See if he could distract him from what was happening.

Ben glanced at his watch as he turned from the bedroom. It was almost an hour past the last time he'd checked. Damn!

Under the pile of sheets, Michael was now on his back, Brian plunging into him as fast and slow as he could. Elongating the moment, but satisfying both their pleasures in one another.

As Brian was thrusting, he was stroking Michael's cock in his other hand. Michael was arching back, feeling the climax rise and rise in his body the harder Brian embedded his entire length in him. Each time he drew out, Michael would clench down on the hot flesh.

"Are you...?"

"... there?"

"Yeah..."

"Yes..."

"God... I feel..."

"Like you're gonna burst..."

"... or explode..."

"We do this..."

"... together. I know."

Brian quickened his pace, hurrying his jerking of Michael's length. Their hands merged on the throbbing skin. Feeling their joining around his own cock, Michael sensed the first eruption to exit his body. Brian pounded roughly against Michael's bare bottom, feeling his first spurts of semen enter the tip of the condom. As he continued to thrust beyond Michael having his orgasm, his own followed shortly. He stopped moving, shooting one ejaculation after another into the condom. Michael felt the spasms causing him to contract his muscles, not only making him orgasm once but then a second time.

Brian felt such a surge of power and frustration, of possibly losing the best thing he had in his life... because of a situation out of his control. He pulled out of Michael, making him wince, but quiver in the aftermath of his last climax. Getting rid of one condom, Brian opened another one. He sheathed himself, reentering Michael in one flourished move. Michael cried out, not in pain, but with euphoria. His hips continued to move, pounding onto Brian's groin, finding that this wasn't close enough for him. He lifted his legs off the bed, wrapping them about Brian's waist. This action caused Brian to sink deeper, making them both groan and growl, kisses sloppy and wet.

Michael flipped over on his knees, wanting to be fucked from behind. He grabbed onto the wall, needing support. The sheets were falling away from their naked bodies, half displayed for the camera... that wasn't running. They didn't seem to care anymore what the lens caught.

"... ungh... Brian..." 

"What?"

"Harder."

"Mich-..." Brian felt Michael rise on his knees, matching their bodies. He reached a hand around to rub over Michael's lower abdomen. He took Michael's cock in his hand again. "... I don't..."

"... you can't hurt me... I swear..." Michael reached around to lay his head on Brian's shoulder. "... not as much as not being able to do this with you... beyond this night..."

Brian trailed harsh kisses along Michael's shoulders, coming up his neck then roughly kissing him from behind. "Lean on the wall again..."

Michael nudged his face into Brian's, reassuring him this wouldn't be a bad thing. He planted his palms on the wall, where the headboard would have been.

Brian clamped on Michael's shoulders and rode out his next series of orgasms in every plunge into Michael's spread ass cheeks. "You... feel so... good..."

Michael ejaculated into his own hand as he stroked himself to completion. He was out of breath and fell to the pillows, ass in the air. Brian lay over him on top of his back. "Don't move."

"I won't... I can't..." Brian wiped his sweat over Michael's moist skin. He watched as Michael simply slid to lay face down on the mattress, both of them sticky and wet, sweaty and musky with the scent of sex on them.

"I knew it..." Michael laughed lightly, trying to regulate his breathing.

"Knew what?" Brian's lips smirked against the dip between Michael's shoulder blades.

"This won't be enough for me."

"You want me to keep fucking you?" Brian rose a brown eyebrow in bewilderment. It wasn't that his cock had softened. No actually he was still a little hard, but he was growing exhausted. Which was a rare thing indeed. Michael didn't even look as winded as he was. God damn...

"Nah... I can feel how tired you are. This... is enough." Michael caught Brian's hips as he tried to pull out. "No. Don't... leave. Stay."

"Michael... this condom is full..."

"Get rid of it, then... but put a new one on..."

Brian had to pause in thought. "You want me to stay inside you?"

"I won't be able to rid myself of this feeling now. You in me." Michael cuddled a pillow under his face. “Why not make it true for as long as we have left.”

Brian got rid of one condom, to replace it with another.

Michael had lifted his right leg on the bed. He'd exposed the underside of his ass and scrotum, allowing his testicles to breathe. Brian brought over the tube of lubrication, seeing how red the anus' skin was. He simply rubbed the area with the liquid to soothe the soreness.

Michael moaned, his face hiding in the plushness. He lifted his leg higher, giving better access to his backside to Brian's fingers. He was thrusting backward to meet Brian's hand.

Brian kissed the small of Michael's back, sliding his tongue up the spine. He penetrated Michael's entrance for a third time. This action was getting easier the more they had sex. As if Michael's body was used to Brian's length by now. He tucked a hand under Michael's body, coming up to secure about his torso. He drew Michael's back to his chest, they both lay on their left sides, facing the wall.

Michael reached back for Brian's other arm, hugging it to his chest. "Thank you."

"For what?" Brian pressed a lingering kiss to Michael's biceps, wiping his cheek and jaw on the bare skin.

"Making tonight unforgettable."

Brian closed his eyes in agony, feeling his gut churn with new want. Of needing to stake his "claim" on Michael's body. Somehow he knew... with the way this whole night had begun... Michael was nothing like this with anyone else but him. That was one minor solace to his emotions. He buried his face in Michael's dark hair, inhaling the scent of his own shampoo. He didn't know how long of a time period Ben was giving them. His gaze darting over to the digital clock on his dresser... almost midnight. So, technically "tonight" was over for them. Sweet Christ! He couldn't hear any noises in the loft.

Where had Ben gone?

Pretending as if he was reaching to pull up the sheets, Brian took a slight lean over to see if he could spot The Professor. He noticed the front steel door pulled back a little. Ben must have been unable to stand the sight and sounds any longer. If he was silent enough, eyes closed... Brian could hear the muffled tone of a distant, deep voice. Ben must be on the phone or something. Weird... but he wasn't here to pay attention to time or stop whatever Brian might do with Michael in the meantime. He knew his time was limited. And even more than being tight inside Michael, he wanted to envelope him close and sleep for hours until he had to get up and shower to leave for work.

"I can't sleep." Michael murmured against the pillow.

"I don't want to miss anything. But I'll hold you until you have to leave."

"I don't have to leave."

"Michael... yes, you do."

"No... I don't..."

"I told you... I'm not having an affair with you."

"It doesn't have to be."

"Why? You leaving Ben?"

"Brian?!"

"Well... that's the only way I'll keep doing this. I told you... once you're in my bed, I don't share."

"I don't know what will happen with Ben and I. I know he and I need to discuss our future."

"You still consider him an option. See... that's..." Brian began to pull out.

"No! Please! Don't move!"

"Michael... we're right back to square one."

"I'm sorry."

"Shhhhhh... shit. Stop it." Brian held Michael tight to his chest.

Michael wanted to face Brian, look him dead in the eyes. He did pull Brian out himself, switched to lay on his back. He planted both feet on the bed, legs bent. There was room for Brian to crawl in between Michael's thighs, settling nicely on top of him. Brian did, sliding back into Michael as he raised his legs to wrap about Brian's waist. Brian settled his forearms beside Michael's head, staring down at him. He brushed Michael's hair back from his moist forehead.

"I'm sorry." Brian bent to press his lips against the side of Michael's mouth. "I guess I know where I stand now."

"Yeah... and I'm a little stunned."

"Why?"

"Well... because I don't feel like I was that fabulous that you'd actually consider giving up your tricking for me."

Brian leaned on one hand, brushing his fingers over Michael's dark lashes against his pale cheeks. "Ask me. Find out for yourself what exactly I would do for you. To keep you at my side."

Tears blurring his eyes, Michael stared up at the ceiling. "I can't ask you to change for me, if I don't know what's going on in my own life."

Brian leaned his brow on Michael's head. "I can change. Nothing like some asshole's psychology thesis being written about you to prove to you how immature you are."

"Oh, Brian... he's not making fun of you. I told you... there's no way I'd do this if I didn't think something positive would come out of the situation."

"What's the positive if I end up losing you in the process to Bruckner?"

~~TBC...