Quietly, Tom entered the room.

Draco was standing by the window, directing his gaze outside, but not looking at anything in particular.

Tom cleared his throat to make his presence known. "All right, Malfoy?" he enquired. He usually wasn't the kind who’d bother with people. He generally considered them a pathetic waste of his time. For reasons he couldn’t explain, it was different with Draco Malfoy, though.

Draco shrugged. "I'm fine. You get used to it."

"Hm." Tom walked over to where the other boy stood and laid a hand on his shoulder. "Do you now?"

Draco slowly turned around and said in a hoarse voice, "Look, Riddle, I appreciate your concern, truly. But what's done is done; no point dwelling on it."

"You may be right," Tom said, "but my offer still stands. If ever you need to talk..."

"That wouldn't do anyone any good." Draco sounded very defensive, all of a sudden. "And you know, you probably shouldn't touch me, either."

"Oh?" Tom raised an eyebrow, but made no effort to pull his hand away. "And why is that?"

"Because you're too damned much like him." The mumbled words escaped Draco's lips before he could stop them.

"Him? Do you mean Theodore?"

Draco inhaled sharply. Tom Riddle was observant, he realised. Not that he'd expected anything different. This was the future Dark Lord he was dealing with, after all.

But although quite observant, Riddle had still guessed wrong and Draco felt very relieved about that. The real truth of the matter was entirely too painful and far too humiliating to ever see the light of day, or even to be spoken out aloud in the privacy of these heavily Warded quarters. Tom Riddle definitely didn't need to know how much his appearance reminded Draco of that other boy with raven hair and emerald eyes, the one who haunted Draco's thoughts, the one Draco longed for with every fibre of his being, even now, while the hatred between two school rivals surged more ferociously than ever.

Draco wasn't exactly proud of what his subconscious threw at him in the dead of night. It made him sick to his stomach; either he'd wake up terrified and shaking from a chilling nightmare, or his sheets would be all sticky after wild and wonderful dreams involving Harry sodding Potter, of all possible people.

Draco let out a deep sigh and not for the first time that week, wondered just how fucked up all this made him.

"Malfoy?" Tom broke the awkward silence.

Draco looked up warily. "Yes?"

"Were you referring to Theodore just now?" he asked again.

Draco simply nodded. It seemed like the more sensible option.

"You'll have to move on some day, Malfoy," Tom pointed out. "I'm sure you have needs just like everyone else."

"Needs?" Draco spat out bitterly. "Frankly, I don't think I care about any of that any longer. Who knows, maybe those who claim that love makes a person weak have a very good point?"

"Love?" Tom sounded mildly amused. "Whoever said anything about love? You're rich, intelligent and attractive. You wouldn't have to look far for some company in a time where our erm... inclination is apparently accepted. Slytherins are known for their discretion, are they not?"

"Company," Draco repeated grimly. "I think I much prefer solitude over being with someone I feel no connection with, thank you."

"Really?" Tom raised a mocking eyebrow. "I'm a great believer in taking from life what I can, myself, even if what comes up isn't necessarily profound."

Draco held back the urge to sneer. Riddle was starting to grate on his nerves. True enough, if Draco were completely honest with himself, he could see the appeal of a casual fling. It might help get Potter out of his system, for one thing. But on the other hand, he really didn't want to go down that road. He didn't want to use people, not even in a mutually beneficial arrangement. It just wouldn't feel right, especially after everything that had happened with Theodore.

"So that's your philosophy is it?" he finally snapped at Tom. "Just take what you want and to hell with feelings, consequences, deeper meaning, sod it all?"

"Yes," Tom said plainly. Then he took a step closer to Draco, grabbed him by the shoulders and kissed him full on the lips.

Draco's head was spinning.

He was standing in his room, snogging Tom Riddle, and something told him that this probably shouldn't be happening. How had they even got to this point, he asked himself?

Not that he wasn't enjoying it...

Tom definitely knew what he was doing, and it had been far been too long since Draco had been touched like this, too long since anyone had made him feel so desirable.

It had been far too long since Theodore...

Fuck. Theodore, Draco thought and then, instantly, his sense of realism kicked in. It reminded him of all the reasons he really shouldn't be doing this, least of all with Riddle.

Abruptly, he broke the kiss and pushed Tom away. "Stop!" he yelled and quickly stepped backwards, almost tripping over his schoolbag. "Stop! I can't!"

Tom blinked, momentarily stunned by the unexpected turn of events. One minute, Draco had been kissing him back with fervor and it had been positively delicious, but now he was suddenly backing away, looking shocked or scared or offended or...? Just what the hell was going on here?

Draco slumped down into a sitting position against the wall. He brought his knees to his chest, silently cursing himself. He was going to start crying any minute now. He just knew it. And then the tears did come and it was dreadfully embarrassing, even more so than he'd anticipated, but he just couldn't stop... Sweet Merlin, why couldn't he stop?

"Malfoy?" Tom still didn't understand what was happening. Had he gone too far, perhaps? He had only intended to lighten the mood a little and fair enough, maybe have some fun in the process. After all, his roommate was undeniably gorgeous and Tom had also thought he could sense a budding mutual attraction between them.

Clearly, he'd thought wrong.

Slowly, he walked over to Draco, who was still on the floor and now sobbing uncontrollably. Tom knelt down next to him. "Hey," he said softly. "Malfoy... Draco, are you all right?"

"Yeah. I'm just brilliant." It was meant to sound cutting and sarcastic, but it got stuck on sad and bitter, instead

"Look," Tom went on, "I'm sorry if I offended you or crossed a boundary. I just felt a kind of... chemistry between the two of us, or I thought I did, but I obviously made a mistake and I... I apologise if my actions just now made you uncomfortable."

"No," Draco said quickly. "It.. it's not that."

"Oh? What is it then?"

"Look... Please... Can we just... not talk about it... forget this even happened?"

"Are you sure that's what you want, Malfoy? Bottling things up isn't healthy, or so the McGonagall from my time keeps telling everyone, anyway." He gave a small smile.

"Yes. I'm quite sure."

"As you wish," Tom said and added softly, "You know, I'd offer you a shoulder to cry on, but I'd hate to spook you again, seeing how you clearly don't want to be touched."

Draco looked up, hesitated very briefly, and then surprised them both by practically throwing himself into Tom's arms and clinging to the boy as though his very life depended on it.

Tom wasn't used to comforting someone but as far as he could tell, affection was a foreign concept to Malfoy, too. Another thing they had in common, he realized, and he held Draco close, until the tears finally stopped.

Harry pulled his cloak tightly around him and stepped out of the shadows. He waited for Ron to enter and then he sneaked in behind him, keeping as quiet as possible, so his best friend wouldn't notice his presence.

"Hermione?" Ron called out. "Are you in here, love?"

No response came.

"Hermione?" he tried again and banged on her door. "Are you ready to go down to dinner? Oi, Hermione?!"

The door at the opposite end of the room flew open, instead.

"Yes?" Tom Riddle asked with a condescending smirk, looking Ron up and down. "Care to explain why you're making such an infernal racket in the Heads Common Room... Weasley, isn't it?"

"Um, yeah. I'm Ron," he said. "Is Hermione not here?"

"No, she's gone down to the kitchens," Tom said matter-of-factly. "She went to fetch us our dinners."

Ron's jaw dropped. "She...what?!"

"Malfoy's not feeling well," Tom explained, "and Granger wanted to help. Far be it for me to stand between a Gryffindor and her Florence Nightingale tendencies. Take a seat, Weasley. She should be back soon enough."

"Er... yeah, right. Cheers." Ron plopped himself down on one of the sofas. He didn't understand what was going on and he thought that maybe he didn't want to, either.

Still standing by the entrance, Harry eyed the scene with increasing anger. Hermione was helping Malfoy?! And Ron just sat there, casually on the couch, like it was the most normal thing in the world, like he didn't even mind his girlfriend doing the fucking Ferret a favour? What the ruddy hell was going on here? Had the whole of Hogwarts gone completely bonkers?

Either way, Harry had seen enough. More than enough. He clenched his fists in frustration, gritted his teeth and slowly backed out of the room again, careful not to make a sound when he closed the door.