The following short story was written using ideas supplied to me by
Master Taz.

ANNA'S BIRTHDAY

Chapter 1, Naughty Games

It was Anna's thirteenth birthday and she was very excited
because according to her father, she had now become a woman.
Returning home from work he found her waiting anxiously for him
and all the special presents he had promised her.

"Happy Birthday, sweetheart!" he said, giving her a kiss and
wrapping his arms excitedly around her. "Do you remember the talk
we had about what would happen when you became a teenager?" he
asked, with a wide grin.

"Oh yes!" Anna replied, with an excitement he hadn't seen before.

"Well! Now that you have, let's go up to the playroom and open
your special presents," he suggested.

Anna followed him up the stairs, her heart beating faster and
faster with every step she took.

"I don't understand! You only bring young girls to this room when
you want to play naughty games. Are you going to play naughty
games with me?" Anna asked, nervously.

"Yes! After all, it is your birthday," he told her, with a smile.

Anna looked around nervously at all the cruel looking equipment
and apparatus, and started to realise that some of these games
would be very painful.

"Will they hurt?" she asked.

"Yes! Some of them will, but you are a woman now, he said,
curtly.

Out of curiosity, Anna searched through the cruel looking objects
her father had collected, and picked up a medical tool that
expanded when she squeezed the handles together.

"What's this?" Anna asked.

"It's a speculum! You'll find out how it's used later," he
replied.

"Undress!" He told her sharply.

Shocked at his sudden coldness, Anna undressed nervously until
she stood naked before him.

"Becoming a woman suits you," he told her, his eyes filling with
his lust for her, as he caressed her smooth skin and made her
turn around so that he could slowly fondle her lovely bottom.

"Ok! Let's begin!" he said, pulling her arms into the small of
her back, and tying her wrists tightly.

Anna felt helpless as he started to fondle her breasts and pinch
her pert little nipples. Not content with just that, he used the
vacuum created by a suction pump to make her nipples as hard as
possible.

Anna whimpered as she writhed about, her eyes opening wide with
her anguish as he showed her a pair of clips that had serrated
springs attached.

"What are those for?" she asked, her whimpering getting louder.

"They are for your nipples! Now close your eyes!" he ordered.

Anna panicked as she closed her eyes; hardly able to bear the
searing pain in her breasts caused by the suction pump, let alone
any further pain those serrated clips might cause to her tender
little nipples.

One at a time, he snapped them shut over her nipples and stood
back to admire how beautiful they looked. Anna screamed, louder
than he had ever heard before, but this wasn't the end of her
ordeal.

"Now! Open your eyes," he ordered.

Opposite where she was standing, a mirror now provided her with a
frightening reflection of her bondage.

"Well! How do you like your presents so far?" her father teased.

"They hurt!" she answered, watching in the mirror as the light
caught them as she shook her breasts, and hoped the searing pain
would soon turn to pleasure.

"That's to be expected! You are a woman now, and you must learn
that there is never any pleasure without pain," he replied.

"Do you understand what I am saying?" he asked.

"Yes!" Anna replied.

"Now for the speculum!" he said, holding it up so she could see
its clever design.

"Sit on the chair with your bottom well forward, and your thighs
wide apart," he ordered.

He was pleased to see that there were only a few pubic hairs at
the entrance to her delightful little cunt; and pushed the
speculum in slowly.

This was the first time that Anna had ever experienced the feel
of cold metal inside her cunt, and the shock made her jerk her
bottom quite delightfully.

"How does that feel?" he asked, opening it up the speculum fully
in preparation for his next surprise.

"It was cold and painful at first, but I am getting used to it
now," Anna told him.

"Good! Then you are ready," he said, collapsing the speculum from
its widest aperture and withdrawing it from her cunt, pleased to
see that it was covered with her sweet juices.

"Ready for what?" Anna asked, starting to panic again.

"This!" he teased, holding up a leather belt that had a large
rubber penis attached to it. Anna couldn't understand what it was
at first, but then smiled, when she realised that it was going to
be inserted into her aching cunt.

"Put it on!" he told her, undoing her wrists.

Anna took the strange belt and examined the large penis, before
using the juices in her wet cunt to help insert it. The pleasure
of having the large penis filling her tight little cunt, started
to make these naughty games all the more bearable.

"Turn around!" her father ordered.

Placing the belt around her waist, he pulled the straps attached
to the belt between her bottom cheeks and over her anus, before
securing and locking it in place.

"Now! Walk around!" he told her.

As she walked, she was surprised to find that although the
leather rubbed her anus harshly, the large rubber cock was
actually giving her pleasure, as it moved around.

"How does it feel?" he asked, teasingly.

"It was painful at first, but I'm starting to enjoy it now," Anna
said, with a broad smile.

"Good! Then you can keep it on until later," he said, pleased
that abusing the gullible child was proving to be so easy.

"Why! What's happening then?" she asked, feeling a little
confused.

"Oh! I have some more presents for you. After all you don't
become a woman every day do you?" he teased.

"No!" she said, surprised that becoming a woman was proving to be
so enjoyable.


