A Shower Getaway

This is going to sound sort of crazy. I didn't know how relaxing a shower could be until we moved. The new house has two full bathrooms, one upstairs and one down, and what Mom calls a vanity bathroom on the first floor. We had always taken a bath before. There is something about a bath that makes me still feel dirty long after I get out of it. This was actually a treat for me.

Unfortunately, I am not the only one that relishes the feel of hot water washing over their body. Nessa, my twin sister, does too. Most of the time, if I don't get in there first, there is no hot water for an hour or so. I don't like taking cold showers. 

We eventually solved that problem, although it was by accident on my part.

I managed to make it in there before my sister that night. I had gotten all the way into the tub, and was about to turn the water on, when Nessa opened the door. I was behind the curtain. At that moment I was glad that Mom picked a dark green dcor for that bathroom. That included the shower curtain. 

With the spigot and shower head being on the same wall as the toilet, and the shower curtain pushed to that side, I was able to pull the curtain back just a little. It was just enough that I could see my sister's ass as she sat to pee. I waited for her to get up, then she stripped out of her clothes. She eyed herself in the mirror, moved her hands over her chest, cupped it to see if her nubs of tits had grown any, then she came toward the tub. She had one leg inside the tub before she spotted me.

"What...? What are you doing in here, Nick? I usually take my shower first." She tried to hide behind the curtain, but left her leg where it was.

"That's why I never have any hot water. It's time for you to see what it's like to shower in cold water."

"But I always..."

"Yeah. You always go first." We just looked at each other for a minute. During that minute, her eyes looked me up and down. They say that some twins think alike.

"We could shower together," we said in unison.

Appearing to be the gentleman, I decided to give her an out.

"You want to take a shower with me?"

"Why not?" she asked, as she stepped into the tub, then turned and drew the curtain closed. "Mom used to bathe us together when we were little."

"Yeah but..."

"You don't want to take a shower with me?" she asked, as she pushed past me.

"Uh, yeah. I just thought that you..."

"Would chicken out? Not on your life. Actually, I miss taking a bath with you. We did before we moved here."

"We quit taking baths together when we were six," I said. "Mom was afraid that we would say something at school."

"Ok. It's been five years, but I still miss it."

"I do to. Do you want to wash each other like we used to?"

"Can I trust you?"

"Haven't you always trusted me?"

"Not always." She giggled. "I guess I'll trust you this time. You can start with my hair."

She got her hair wet as I picked up the shampoo. She has shoulder length auburn hair that is normally silky to the touch. When she squeegeed the water out of it, I put shampoo in my hand and started.

"I love going to the beauty shop with Mom because I always get my hair washed. That always feels so good. Just like now. What you're doing is sending goose bumps to all points of my body. Keep it up for a few minutes, please."

I must have gone over her head a dozen times. I knew better than to use my fingernails, so I used the flat tips to massage her scalp. She made funny noises when I did her temples, and down around the back of her neck.

"I know it's not part of my head, but could you rub my shoulders that way too?"

I didn't hear all that she'd said so I leaned forward and asked her what she said. As she repeated it, I caught a glimpse of her nipples sticking straight out, and the puffiness around them where her tits will be some day. Up to that point, my dick had been just a little inflated. At that point, it rubbed against her ass cheek. That felt really good. 

As I went back to what I was doing, I tried to figure out how to get that close to her again. It didn't take that long. As she rinsed her hair, I had to lean over her to help. That put my whole dick in the crack of her ass. She didn't say anything until we were done.

"I usually wash my hair twice. Do you mind?" Not what I was expecting.

She didn't have to ask me twice. I actually put more shampoo in my hands than I did before. The suds started flowing down both sides of her body. 

"I've never taken a bath in shampoo," she said. "Go ahead and wash me with it."

She stood up without rinsing her hair. Her eyes and mouth were closed too. I started down her back and got to her waist, then slid my hands around to her stomach. My hands went as far as her neck and she grabbed my hands. She leaned forward to rinse the soap from around her mouth, then leaned back into me.

"It felt good when your hands went over my nipples." She slid my hands up and held them there.

"I can feel them poking into my hands."

"I can feel something trying to get between my legs too."

"You caused that, sis."

"I hoped you'd say that," she said, as she parted her legs just a little. My dick slid all the way through the gap, then she pushed her legs together. "That feels good for me too."

I had no idea what to do next, but I didn't have to. Nessa pushed her ass back into me, causing my dick to slide some. She pulled herself out a little, then back.

"That feels even better, Nick. Do it with me."

I pulled back as she pushed forward, then I pushed in as she came back at me. I don't know what it was doing to her, but it was getting pretty interesting for me. My face was on her shoulder.

"I'm going to make a mess, sis, but it will wash down the drain."

"Maybe," she said.

I don't know how or why she had a climax, but she did. She bent over and pushed herself back enough that I almost fell into the opposite wall. That was not before I shot my load though.

"Like I said. It's always better when someone else does it for you."

"You got that right."

Somewhere along the way, she had bent over. She now began to rinse off, and naturally, I helped her. As we moved, my dick kept moving between her legs. I stood up and looked down there, then grabbed her hips and started again. The shampoo had been rinsed from there, but it didn't make a difference. It was working just fine. She put her hands on the wall in front of her and started to move with me.

I had a feeling that it was going to take a while, and it did. After a few minutes, she put her hand between her legs and opened them as far as she could. She had her hand on the under side of my dick, pressing up slightly. 

It was when I knew that we were both going to go off that I pulled back a little more than usual, and she put more pressure on my dick. On the next inward thrust, my dick went all the way into her, and we both went off.

We stood there as the water started to cool off. Neither of us moved until we caught our breath. With my dick still in her, she stood and put my hands back on her tits.

"When did you know you were going to do that?" she asked me.

"Just before it happened. When did you know?"

"Before I came in here. I knew you were in here."

"And you came in anyway?"

"I was hoping that you hadn't locked the door. I was all nerves when I turned the knob, but I went through with it. Now, I'm happy I did. This will be our shower getaway, ok?"

"Every night?" I asked her.

"Until I start getting my periods. We'll figure something out by then."

--------------------

Nessa was the one that started it. As we played in the shower one night, she asked me to see if one of my fingers would slide into her butt hole, so I tried it. I was surprised at first that it went right in to the first knuckle, then slowly sank all the way in.

"Now, stick your dick in my pussy and leave your finger there." I did. 

The second surprise was that I could feel my own finger with my dick. That became the norm for us. I would wash her hair the second time and wash her, then she would bend over and rinse off. I would get my finger and dick in her, and we would go at least two times. 

It was about six months after we started that she got her first period. She woke me up one morning and told me.

"I can't take a bath when it's here, so it's good that we have our shower get away."

"It's ok for me to..."

"We can still take a shower together. Some women don't want anything to do with even their own man during it, but I do."

"You'll be full of blood though."

"It will wash down the drain. Mom said that it will smell bad, but we can plug our noses."

"We haven't figured anything out though."

"Yes we have. You just didn't know it. I'll see you tonight in the shower getaway."

Nessa was not shy about pulling her panties down in front of me, then disposing her pad. She pulled me into the shower, then bent over to start the water. She was full of blood down there.

"Are you sure about this?" I asked her.

"I don't like the way anyone else washes my hair." She stood up and handed me the shampoo.

I shampooed her hair twice, then went on down her body. By the time I got to her pussy and ass, most of the blood was gone. I just washed her as I always did. She washed me next, then we both rinsed off. She turned away from me and bent over.

"Put some soap on your dick," she said. "Then shove it in my ass hole."

"Won't that hurt you?"

"Your finger has been in there for the last six months. It hurt a little when you started using your thumb, but I got used to it. Get your dick in there and I'll get used to it too."

I got soap on my dick, then stepped forward. I got the head of my dick at her hole, then eased forward. The head popped in right away, and she clamped down on it. She soon relaxed and I was able to slowly get all the way in. I stopped right there.

"This is tighter, sis."

"We'll get used to it."

I eased out a little. After a few times, she grabbed my hand and cupped her pussy with it. I found her clit right away, and began. With her ass hole being tighter, and she and I getting used to what we were doing, it took us longer than usual. We finally went off, then stayed right there as the water started to cool off. 

She eventually had the cold water turned off, and we had just enough warm water to rinse off. We dried off and went to her room. Again, she wasn't shy about putting her pad into her panties, then putting the panties on. We talked as she did.

"That didn't hurt you?" I asked her.

"It did at first, but it started feeling good. That's when I grabbed your hand and put it on my pussy. You knew where my clit was."

"I guess this is the new norm, right?"

"Until we can either get you some rubbers or me some pills."

--------------------

I don't know how, but we were able to keep everything away from our parents. Neither of us went for either pills or rubbers, so we continued with the anal sex. That is, we continued with it even after we found out about oral sex. 

Even after Nessa went on the pills at sixteen, we kept up what we were doing, adding vaginal sex only once in a while. At nineteen, we both moved out to go to the same college. Here it is, three years later, and we finally have to tell our parents. Ten years after we started, Nessa decided to go off of her pills and surprise me. It's not like we hadn't talked about it. We both wanted children, so I told her not to tell me when she took her last one. 

We have an apartment about six blocks from school. It's just an efficiency apartment, so we're looking for something bigger. I'm thinking maybe a two bedroom. One for us, and the other for our children. It also has to have a sizable shower for our shower getaways.