Author: mypenname3000
Title: Corrupted by the Naughty Diary Chapter Twenty: The Sex Slave Exchange Student
Summary: Kristen writes the Japanese exchange studnet into a breeding sex slave!
Keywords: mf Mf mF mc oral creampie anal A2P 1st D/s spank bond exhib voy inter breed preg wife cheat cuck

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Kirrocen for the idea and for beta reading this story! If you liked this story, join my discord to vote and pitch your own! https://discord.gg/CxJgq4Cdqy

Kristen is so excited to have the exchange student living in her house. The naughty story ideas are bursting through the kinky girl's mind. They whisper to her almost from beyond, like a sinful spirit is enjoying watching her change the world.

Niku Sakurajima is a shy but very busty girl. Soft-spoken. Demure. Her long, black hair falls down her back, and her bangs fall over her eyes, almost hiding her from the world. She's gravitated to Sheila, sharing a room with Kristen's older sister for the stay.

The girl isn't slutty at all. She's a good girl. 

Kristen needs a good story for Niku. A bold one. A wild one. A week's gone by as she thinks about it. Now, on the weekend, she has a story. It's the perfect time to do it. Her mother is going to a film convention and Sheila is going as her assistant. 

Unbeknownst to the oblivious Kristen, it's a porn convention and Sheila is going to be staring in some amateur lesbian porn her mother films. Real mother/daughter stuff. Not the fake kind found on PornHub.

Britney, Kristen's little sister, is also gone. She's been invited on a trip with her best friend Noriko and her family. That was brimming with possibility. Kristen thought about writing a story about the pregnant Noriko seducing her father and mother with Britney's help, but...

Kristen wanted to write about Niku this weekend.

The pastor wife's had just announced she was pregnant. Kristen thought that was funny considering her stories of the woman being a gloryhole slut and loving her son's big dick. Of course, the woman was pregnant with her son's son. Kristen almost wrote another story continuing the slutty adventures of the preacher's wife, but...

Niku.

This weekend, it would be Daddy, Carter, and Niku all alone in the house. Sure, Kristen would be there, but she would be up in her room. That's when the story really hits her. Just the sort of story that she needs to write.

What if Niku's family was in debt to the Yakuza and needed to get out of the country? What if she was sent here to get knocked up by a Western man and have an anchor baby so the entire family could immigrate to America and escape the Yakuza?

The moment Mom, Sheila, and Britney left the house Friday evening, Kristen starts her next story. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Niku Sakurajima

I was so nervous about being alone with Carter and his father. Kristen was here, but she never emerged from her room. Always writing. A ghost that would pick up dinner and scurry back to her room. Her family mostly ignored her.

Sometimes, it seemed like they didn't even remember she existed.

So I hid myself in Sheila's room. I wished I had gone with Sheila and her mother to this convention. Sheila implied it wasn't the place I should be going. It was in Las Vegas. A wild city of gambling and drinking, like the red-light district in Shinjuku. My family just wanted me to study here and be a good girl. 

So I would study hard.

Not long after the women all left, a knock came on the door. Hai? I mean, yes?

The door opened and Carter was there. He was a handsome, young man. A flutter of excitement ran through me. My friends all joked I would have an American boyfriend who would take my cherry. American girls always put out on the first date, Tomoe said. You better be ready.

I didn't plan on dating, but... Carter was handsome, but sex? I wasn't ready for that. Besides, he had two girlfriends already, Natalie and Beth. I don't know how that worked, but maybe having harems and bigamy were legal in the States.

Just seeing how you're doing, said Carter. He did have a handsome smile, but I didn't want to be a third girlfriend. I wanted a nice boy, not someone who was as experienced as him. He would want me to put out. 

Fine, thank you, I said, bowing my head slightly.

Good, good, he said. Dad and I are ordering pizza. You want anything on yours.

Um, no. Whatever you choose. I was eager to try American pizza. Thank you.

He nodded and closed the door. I swallowed, rubbing my hands on my jeans. I was glad I didn't have to wear my school uniform here in the states. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Niku has a secret. Her family is heavily in debt to Yakuza and are barely getting by. If they have any problems with their family restaurant, they won't make the payments. She wants to bring her family to America, and she knows just how to do it.

An anchor baby.

She has to be bred by an American man.

Only, she's too shy and scared to seduce anyone. She wants Carter or his hunky father, but all she can do is stew in her hot pussy. Luckily for her, my brother knows just what Niku needs. A strong man to plant a baby in her belly. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Niku Sakurajima

I quivered there as Carter stared at me. I needed to make my move. The women of the house were gone. This was my chance to have Carter or his father breed me, but... but... It was too much. My family needed me, but I was too shy. I wasn't a loose woman who could seduce a man.

I was just... me.

A good girl.

Tears brimmed in my eyes as I looked down. I wanted Carter to go away or scoop me up in his arms. My cheeks burned so hot as Carter marched toward me. He put a hand on my shoulder. I flinched. 

Look at me, he said, his voice so strong. A deep baritone that made my pussy quiver.

I looked up into his young but manly eyes. You're scared of losing your cherry, aren't you?

Hai, I whispered, my entire body quivering.

And you're scared of going back to Japan, he added.

How could he know that? It didn't make sense. He shouldn't know that.

What you need is a strong man to plant a baby in your belly, Carter said, speaking so boldly about my own desires. Could he read my mind? You're in luck. There are two of them at home. We don't have to order pizza. Dad and I can feast on you tonight.

No, no, I whimpered. It was still too scared. I had to do this, but losing my virginity was such a big step. I had six months to do this. It didn't have to happen tonight. You are wrong. I am not a slut.

I didn't say you were a slut, he said. You're a good girl that needs a big dick pumping your fertile womb full of virile seed.

That's so vulgar, I gasped, slapping my hands over my face. My cheeks burned with embarrassment. I d-do not need that. I d-don't!

He leaned in and whispered, Your father told me you'd be a ripe little whore begging for my dick. I'm done waiting. We took you in because you're hot. Dad and I want to breed you. One of us will be the father of your anchor baby. Don't you want to save your family?

F-father sent me to be...

Our whore! Carter grinned. He sold you to us. You're our sex slave. Even after you get your family here, you're going to be living here from now on.

I couldn't believe it. I was so shocked. So ashamed by my father. And by how wet my pussy was. I should resist. I wasn't a whore, but I didn't. I never resisted the men in my life. My father. My uncle. My teachers. I always did what I was told, I just never had been told to be... be...

A slut.

Like a whore who worked at a Soapland brothel.

He drew me from the chair and out the door. We passed Kristen's room. Was she even home? Would she even notice her father and brother using me as their sex slave? Would she realize they were pumping me full of cum?

I shivered. This could not be happening, but it was. He was leading me down the stairs. I quivered, my heart pounding in my chest. This was truly happening. I swallowed, my entire body shaking with... with... excitement.

That's a good slut, Carter said as he brought me down to the living room where his father waited in a bathrobe.

Mr. Miller was a tall man with brown hair like his son. A few inches taller, his face was just as handsome but mature. Full of the confidence of his four decades of life. He was fit and tall. He opened his robe, his big dick thrusting out hard before him.

I gasped and clamped my hands over my face, covering my eyes with my fingers. But... I peeked through them, staring at a man's cock for the first time. He throbbed with his heartbeat. He was thick and long. I couldn't believe how large he was.

My pussy burned at the sight of him. He sat on the chair and nodded in approval. I burned so bright. I glanced back at Carter. He wore jeans and a t-shirt, his face hungry. His cock bulged the front of his pants.

Strip me, he said. A good sex slave has to know how to strip a man.

Hai, I whimpered. The front door was right there. I could run out of it. I could call the police. 911. I learned that number. Or I could threaten to tell Mrs. Miller about this. Maybe... What would... Mrs. Miller say if she...?

She's eager to have you eat her pussy, Mr. Miller said. My wife's a cuckqueen. She loves watching me fuck tight, young cunts like you. Now that's earned you a spanking. Strip my son then get naked.

I jumped at the firmness in his voice even as I was shocked that Mrs. Miller could be so deviant. She was as warm and loving as my own mother. The world spun around me as I pulled off Carter's shirt. I whimpered as I dropped that to the floor. He nodded, clearly eager for me to do more.

I dropped to my knees and unbuckled his jeans. I unzipped his fly and pulled them down. His cock tented his boxers. He stepped out of his pants. I folded them and set them down. Then I peeled off his socks. Finally, I had to remove his underwear.

My hands shook. My heart beat wildly. My father had really sold me to them to be their sex slave? My pussy clenched. I had to do this for my family and because... Carter wanted me to. He stared down at me with such authority in his eyes.

Good girls always did what they were told by those in authority over them. Fathers, teachers, masters.

I tugged down his boxers with trembling hands. I gasped when his cock popped out and flinched. I looked away from the angry, pink tip bobbing right before my eyes. This was too much. It was too scary. I just had to keep stripping him naked. Then I had to

Suck my dick, Niku, said Carter. Now, slave!

Hai! I squeaked and whipped my head around. My heart fluttered. A blowjob? I had to do it. I closed my eyes and leaned forward. My lips kissed the tip of his cock.

My sixteen-year-old heart quivered as I tasted something salty. It spilled past my lips. The infamous precum that boys had. I shuddered as I slid my lips over his cock. I sealed my mouth around his dick and suckled on him.

Damn, a shy virgin sucking my dick is something else, Dad, groaned Carter.

Enjoy, son, said Dad. Nothing like taking a wholesome and shy girl and turning her into a whore. This is going to be a great weekend.

Yes, Dad, I groaned. Damn, we are going to have you turned into a complete whore. You'll be nice and bred. Hopefully, a daughter. We get to keep your daughter, too. You'll raise her to be a sex slave. When she's fourteen, you'll educate her on all the naughty things she'll have to do to please us.

I whimpered around his cock as I suckled on him. I nursed, tasting the salty flavor of his precum. He groaned as I did that. I shuddered here, my pussy on fire. This was so wild. So wicked. I couldn't believe it was really happening.

But it was.

Open your eyes, Carter commanded. I want you to look at me as you worship my cock. A sex slave always stares up at her Master when she's blowing him.

I forced myself to open my eyes. He had such lust burning in his as I suckled on him. This was so wild. I couldn't believe this was happening. It was, though. I nursed on him as I stared up at him. It was... exciting looking up at him. It put me even more in my place.

It reminded me I was a sex slave who was here just to worship him. To please him with my mouth. My body. My pussy. My virgin quim clenched as a wave of heat rushed through me. I was nothing but a thing for these two men to use.

That made my pussy soak my panties. I whimpered as I suckled on him.

Use your tongue, slut, growled Carter. And bob your head.

But mind your teeth, added Mr. Miller.

I shivered as I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his cock. I suckled on him, this heat rushing through me. This was so wicked. The salty flavor of his precum increased in my mouth. That was what his cum would taste like, too.

I would be swallowing his cum. I had heard some of the gyaru girls talk about blowing their boyfriends. They were all sluts, though, who dyed their hair and wore short skirts and too much makeup. 

My tongue danced around his cock. I stroked the tip, shuddering at how good the salty flavor tasted. My head boobed. I felt so wicked as I suckled on him. I nursed harder, my pussy on fire. This felt so right.

Like I was born to suck dick.

Yeah, she's getting into it, said Carter.

She's a girl. Mr. Miller chuckled. Women were born to suck dicks. They all crave to worship big, phallic objects with their mouths, hands, and pussies. Even the dykes really just want to have a dick. And look at her go.

Yeah, groaned Carter. You are sucking on my dick, Niku. You're going to be a good sex slave, right?

I whimpered around his cock and nodded. I nursed harder. He groaned as I did that. My tongue flicked around his dick. I stroked the spongy crown. He groaned louder. The salty flavor grew more and more intense.

He was near to spurting. I shuddered as I suckled on him. I loved his trunk with my mouth, sucking hard on him. I wanted all that jizz to spurt out of him. My cunt clenched, juices soaking my snatch. I was such a wanton thing.

Fuck, Niku, he groaned, grabbing a fistful of my black hair. Don't you spit! You swallow!
Good girls always swallow unless they have another slut to share a man's cum with, Mr. Miller added. You will be punished if you waste any.

Yes! roared Carter as he erupted.

His cum splashed against the back of my throat. This salty flood of thick and creamy jizz filled my mouth in a moment. I gulped it down before it spilled out of my lips. More shot into my mouth. So much more. I didn't know there would be so much.

I gulped it down, the creamy heat melting down to my belly. My pussy clenched while my virgin heart fluttered. I was being so shameful. So wanton and obscene. I gulped down the cum, swallowing every drop of it.

Yes, yes, yes, he growled. Fuck, that's good. That's so good, slut. You're gulping it all down!

I did. Every drop.

I swallowed it all down, shuddering as he spurted his cum into my mouth again and again. He filled me up with it. I quivered as the jizz pumped over and over into my mouth. I squeezed my eyes shut. This was so wild.

I swallowed every last drop of his cum. Just every last spurt of his jizz. I took it all in my mouth. I swallowed every last bit of it. This was so wild. I couldn't believe I was doing this, but I was. A hot shiver ran through me. I whimpered in delight. 

Damn, he groaned as he erupted into my mouth one more time. That's it. Shit! Now open wide!

He ripped his cock out of my mouth. I opened wide, his jizz pooling around in my mouth. He arched an eyebrow. I closed my lips and swallowed it all down with a noisy gulp. The warm cream spilled down my throat. I shuddered at that. 

It was so wicked of me to enjoy all of that cum. Just so naughty.

I opened wide again and showed off that I had imbibed it all. He nodded in approval and glanced at his father. Then he looked back at me, arching an eyebrow. It took me a moment to realize what I was supposed to do next.

I had to get naked.

I jumped to my feet and started undressing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A good girl submits.

Those words have been echoing through her mind the entire time. First, she strips out of the Japanese school uniform that she loves to wear, then Carter gets the belt. And the rope.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Niku Sakurajima
A good girl submits. 

Those words have been running through my shameful mind the entire time. I undid the buttons one by one of my blouses. It was white with my old school's coat of arms over my heart. Part of my school uniform. They didn't wear one here in the States to high school, but I found it comforting.

I undid the last button and removed it, letting it drop. Father and son watched, their cocks hard, as I exposed my large breasts cupped in my demure, white bra. I unzipped my tartan skirt, letting it drop to the floor. I shuddered as I was now in my underwear only, my panties white with a cute, pink bow on the front.

A good girl submits.

I reached behind me and unhooked my bra. My cheeks burned at doing something so naughty. A shiver ran through me as I pulled it off and dropped it to the floor. My large breasts came into view. I wanted to hide them from their rapacious gazes.

They stared at me with such desire in them. They raked up and down me. My pussy clenched as the heat shot through me. I had to take off my panties now. They salivated to see me without anything on. My hands slid down my sides and hooked the waistband of my panties.

A good girl submits.

I shoved them off, whimpering as I bent over. My black bush came into view, hiding my pussy. They would be ravishing me soon. Just using me however they wanted. I swallowed as I lowered the panties down and down my thighs. I stepped out of them.

I folded my hands across my stomach, quivering. They stared at me. Carter moved around me, his cock still hard. I sucked him off and he didn't go soft. Then he smiled and marched off to fetch the belt to spank me. I just knew it.

Come suck my dick, said Mr. Miller.

Yes, Master, I whispered, moving forward slowly.

I was his sex slave. My father sold me to this man. I had to submit. I had to be a good girl. His cock thrust up so big and throbbing from his hairy crotch. His heavy nuts rested on the fabric of the chair. I leaned forward, my pussy clenching. My virgin snatch burned so hot.

He grabbed the back of my head and shoved me down to his cock. I gasped, my mouth opening just in time for him to shove my lips over his dick. I kept my teeth from touching him as I quivered here, a man's cock in my mouth now. 

I whimpered around his cock. I suckled on him, nursing with passion on his dick. I swirled my tongue around his cock, just wanting to suckle on him. I was eager for that. I nursed on him with all that I had. His precum was stronger than his son's.

Carter came back and threw a maroon rope on the ground. I shivered at the sight of it. Where had they...? I quivered at the idea of being bound. I kept sucking on Mr. Miller as Carter was behind me. Leather smacked on leather.

I jumped.

Don't bite, Mr. Miller warned me, a stern father.

I whimpered and nodded, sucking on his cock. My butt-cheeks tensed for the 

CRACK!

The heat exploded across my rump. I squealed about his cock, savoring that big dick in my mouth. I suckled hard on him as my ass blazed with heat. I quivered, my hips wiggling back and forth. This was so wild. I just wanted to have all his cum spurting into my mouth.

I nursed on him with passion as my ass clenched and relaxed. The pain burned to my ass, a reminder to be a good girl. My father used to spank me when I was bad. I had threatened to tell on these men. I was bad.

A good girl submits. 

CRACK!

I squealed again around Mr. Miller's cock. I suckled hard on him, the heat blazing across my rump. My pussy clenched as the burning settled into my virgin twat. I grew itchier. The need to touch myself grew and grew. I wanted 

CRACK!

Damn, I love the way she squeals around my cock, Mr. Miller growled.

Carter chuckled. Then enjoy, Dad. 

CRACK!

I squealed again. 

CRACK! 

And again. I suckled hard, drool spilling down my chin as my ass blazed with the heat of this moment. I whimpered and wiggled my hips. I would be a good girl. A good sex slave to the Miller family. I would never 

CRACK!

A good sex slave submits.

I suckled hard on the cock in my mouth, the heat blazing over me. It was just so delicious having that cock in me. I groaned, nursing on him. I loved this so much. I savored the heat of him in my mouth. I suckled on him with all my might.

Mr. Miller slid his fingers through my black hair. 

CRACK! 

I squealed again, my ass blazing. I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down his cock. I was so ready for the next spank to fall. For the next burst of pain.

It didn't come.

Damn, her ass is glowing, Carter said. He gripped my rump, squeezing me.

I moaned at the heat blazing across my rump. It was a nice thing to feel as he squeezed me. He held me tight. A wave of heat rushed through me. My pussy dripped with juices. I moaned around the dick in my mouth. I suckled on him hard.

I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his dick. My tongue swirled around him. He groaned as I did that. He chuckled as I suckled on him. I would have all his cum spurting into my mouth. Just gulp it all down.

That's it, he groaned. Damn, you're a good cocksucker. Just perfect.

I moaned in delight, so glad to hear that. I bobbed my head, nursing on him with all that I had. His precum grew saltier and saltier. A bead of my juices ran down my thigh. I was that wet? I stared up at him, seeing the pleasure in his eyes. He enjoyed what I did to him. He loved this so much.

A good sex slave pleases her master. I loved that thought as I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down on his dick. I suckled on him for all I was worth. He groaned as I did so. His precum spilled over my tongue.

Damn! he growled and erupted.

His hot jizz splashed against the back of my throat. It was my second load of jizz. That was just so amazing to taste. I loved it. I gulped it down, swallowing all the cum. It was just wonderful to have all that spunk splashing against the back of my throat.

I whimpered as he groaned with each eruption. I swallowed every drop. I guzzled it all down. I reveled in that spunk pouring down my throat. It was so good. Just so delicious to swallow every last drop. My eyes rolled back in my head.

What a wonderful delight. I was a good sex slave.

Damn, that was good, growled Mr. Miller. Are you going to be a good sex slave?

I whimpered and nodded. I slid my mouth off his cock and opened wide to show I had swallowed it all. He smiled at me and nodded. As he did, his son picked up the rope and started unraveling it. I shuddered. I was about to be tied up.

Shibari, said Carter. I studied it since you were coming here. When I heard your dad sold you to us, well, I just had to learn something from your country. The art of rope bondage. Let's make you into a work of art.

Yes, Master, I moaned, my pussy on fire.

He started with my legs. He wrapped the rope around my ankle. It had a silky feel to it. I loved how it caressed me. A shiver ran through me. He worked the rope up my right leg then wrapped the rope around my waist. He pulled my left leg back and tied it so it was stuck up in the air. I whimpered as he kept working.

It was a slow process, like sitting for a tea ceremony. I had to be still to let him work his art on my body. He wrapped me up in the maroon, binding my hands behind my back. It went higher and higher. A figure-eight outlined my large breasts. He pulled the rope taut.

I gasped as the material bit into my breasts. The rope was so silky. I groaned as the material squeezed about my tits, forming them into a pair of plump mounds. They grew darker with the trapped blood.

Master, I whimpered.

That's it, Carter said. I have to send a pic to Natalie and Beth. They are missing it, but they needed a little girl's weekend. They're training the junior sluts how to please women. Beth's an ex-lesbian, so she knows how make a girl cum. You'll be servicing them, too.

Yes, Master, I whimpered as he made the final knots. 

He pulled out his phone and snapped pics of me from various poses. One for my girls, he said. For my friends. He chuckled. That's perfect for the yearbook. They'll want a spread on the school's first Japanese exchange student.

I nodded, my cheeks burning.

Then he moved behind me as I knelt there, my left leg up in the air like a bitch about to piss, my face pressed into the carpet. He had no problem moving in and pressing his dick through my black bush to my virgin pussy.

Time to start the breeding, slut, he said as he nuzzled against my folds. Mmm, Niku, that's a pretty name.

He thrust into my hymen. I gasped as my maidenhead stretched and stretched. I whimpered, my face twisting. I was a shameful slut sold by her father to be a sex slave. That thought made this so exciting. I was so wet. 

I surrendered my virginity to my young Master.

He popped into my cunt. I groaned at the feel of him sliding into me. More and more of his cock sank into my flesh. It was just incredible. I whimpered in delight, so glad to have every inch of his cock in me. It was just wonderful.

Just incredible.

I was so happy. Just so thrilled to have that big dick in me. It was just wondrous. I moaned, my bound body quivering. The rope bit into my large tits. There was so much of him in me. I felt so full. So complete to have a man in me.

Master, I moaned like a whore.

That's it, son, growled Mr. Miller. You get that first load. See if you can breed her. Or maybe I will.
I doubt we'll ever know! said Carter as he drew back his cock.

Mr. Miller chuckled. True. Doesn't matter. She'll have a Miller one way or the other.

Carter thrust back into me. He slammed to the hilt in my breeding pussy. I was saving my family by taking this cock. I whimpered in delight, my cunt melting around his cock. So much heat rushed through me. This felt amazing.

My bound boobs bounced as he thrust away at me. He pumped in and out of my cunt. I gasped in delight, loving this passion sweeping through my body. I shuddered, this heat swelling in me. It was an orgasm. I would cum like a shameful whore.

A dishonorable sex slave.

Yes, yes, Master! I moaned, sounding so wanton and lewd. I couldn't stop myself with that big dick pounding my cunt. Oh, that's so good! Ooh, ooh, Master!

Little slut's not shy now, said Carter.

Mr. Miller chuckled as his son pounded me hard and fast. The older man watched on as I shuddered, my eyes rolling back in my head. I clenched my twat down on him, my left leg twitching. It was so wild to be fucked like this. In this position.

The heat built in me faster and faster. I would have such a lewd orgasm. I could feel it building and building in me. I shuddered, clamping my twat down on his dick as he rammed into me. It was just so amazing. I whimpered, savoring this treat.

It was so delicious. So wanton and wicked. Oh, oh, Master! Master! Fuck my pussy!

You going to cum on my cock like a little whore, Niku? he asked. Huh?

Yes, yes, yes, Master! I howled, my orgasm swelling faster and faster.

His cock felt so amazing in me. I wanted him to erupt in me. To breed me. I wanted to have an anchor baby and save my family. My dishonorable and shameful cunt would do that. I quivered, my bound boobs jiggling with each thrust. I loved each thrust of that big dick. Each plunge. I quivered, hurtling toward that amazing moment of climax. It was just so wondrous. 

Master! Master! I gasped. Breed me! Please, please, you have to breed me!

God, yes! growled Carter. Love knocking up women. Bred both my girlfriends.

And those twin sluts from St. Tatiana's, his dad said. I love breeding women, too. 

I whimpered, my eyes rolling back in my head. It was so hot. He slammed into me. My pussy clamped down hard on him. The heat was too much. I couldn't take this wild pounding much longer. His cock was too amazing for my pussy. He slammed into me. 

I squealed out, Yes!

My orgasm burst through me. I shuddered, my twat spasming around that big dick. It was just so hot having all that pleasure swelling through me. Stars flashed across my vision. My first climax on my Master's cock. It was glorious. Stupendous. My pussy spasmed around him.

Breed me! I howled.

He buried to the hilt in me and growled. He erupted into my cunt. I loved the feel of his jizz pumping into me. He flooded me with all that spunk. I groaned, loving every last second of this heat rushing through me.

It was just so hot. So delicious. So glorious. My mind drowned beneath the onslaught of all this bliss. I quivered as he flooded my fertile pussy with his virile seed. I whimpered, my pussy rippling around that huge dick spurting onto me. It was glorious to enjoy that delight.

I groaned, so happy to have all this delight rushing through me. A big smile spread on my lips. It was a perfect treat. I quivered in delight, my hips wiggling back and forth. He erupted one more time into me, filling me up.

Shit, growled Carter. That's so good. Damn, it's your turn, Dad.

Yes, it is, Mr. Miller said, rubbing something wet on his cock. Lube? Why lube? 

Then the doorbell rang. The pizza was here. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kristen pauses in her writing.

This story needs something else than pizza, she whispered. Ooh, yes, yes, that's it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Niku Sakurajima

The doorbell rang. 

Pizza's here, Dad, Carter said.

That's not pizza, said Mr. Miller. I thought Niku would need a woman to practice on since your mother's gone for the weekend. Good thing that Mrs. Holiday's husband is out of town with her daughters. That should be her.

He opened the door to reveal a black-haired woman in a beige trench coat like she was out of some old Noir film. She was a gorgeous woman with a... round belly. She immediately opened it up to reveal the pregnant swell of her belly leading to shaved pussy, her cunt dripping. She had a thick clit almost as big as one of my nipples.

Oh, Keith, it's so good to be here. I've missed you. Mrs. Holiday kissed Mr. Miller, her wedding ring flashing as she slid her arms around his neck. Her pregnant belly rubbed into his stomach.

Mr. Miller kissed her for a moment and said, Husband still thinks it's his kid and not mine.
He hasn't even figured out how our daughters and I have the same due date, Mrs. Holiday purred. Mmm, and this is your son. I have to ride him.

Carter grinned and sat on the chair. Come for a ride, slut!

My pleasure, she moaned as Mr. Miller moved behind me. 

I watched her mount Carter, her ass plump. The woman pressed his cock into her pussy folds and plunged her pregnant twat down him. Mr. Miller had bred her. That was so encouraging. He could breed me, too. 

He pressed his dick into my butt-crack, though. I gasped as his lubed dick nuzzled into my asshole. I needed him to breed me. He couldn't do that if he fucked my asshole. I almost said something before I remembered I was a good sex slave.

I held my tongue.

Good girl, he growled as he thrust his cock harder against my asshole. He knew I thought about it. I smiled at his praise. 

He drilled and drilled against my virgin asshole. I shuddered as he popped into my bowels. A wave of heat washed through me. It was so incredible to have that big cock sliding into my asshole. I whimpered, my face rubbing into the carpet.

It felt so good. I loved it so much. I groaned as more and more of his cock sank into my anal sheath. He bottomed out in me, his crotch rubbing on my well-spanked rump. It was so hot. So naughty. I gasped in delight.

Oh, yes, Mrs. Holiday moaned as the pregnant woman rode Carter.

Damn, that's a tight pussy, groaned Carter. Your husband must have such a small cock.

So small, the dishonorable wife moaned. Ooh, ooh, but you're hung like your daddy! Yes, yes, I wish I lived closer. I only have those wonderful dildos he sells me.

I quivered, enjoying Mr. Miller's big dick sliding back out of my asshole. My bowels clamped down on him. He churned me up. He thrust hard and fast into my anal sheath. It melted to my pussy. I groaned realizing I could cum from this.

I was that much of a slut.

Damn, Niku, growled Mr. Miller. That's an ass.

Oh, fuck her hard, Keith, Mrs. Holiday moaned. Fuck that little hussy hard in the ass!
Carter smacked his hands down on Mrs. Holiday's plump rump. Just keep riding me with that pregnant pussy, slut.

Yes!

She worked up and down him, his cock emerging coated in her pussy juices. I licked my lips, watching the sight. Her thick pussy lips clung to his shaft. Her butt-cheeks rippled every time she bottomed out on him.

I whimpered, my boobs swaying from Mr. Miller's hard thrusts. He churned up my asshole. He fucked me so hard. So fast. I shuddered, loving what he did to me. I wiggled my hips back and forth, hurtling toward my orgasm.

It was just such a treat. I loved it so much. I gripped his big dick fucking my asshole, my orgasm building and building in my pussy. She whimpers, loving this so much. She enjoys every second of that huge dick fucking her. 

Oh, Master, I'm going to cum! I whimpered. I'm such a shameful slut, I'm going to cum from being ass-fucked.

Yes, yes, yes, you are, gasped Mrs. Holiday. Oh, being fucked up the ass by your Master is amazing. Ooh, I hope you and your son double-team me this weekend!

Yes! I squealed, wanting both their cocks in me. My asshole clamped down hard on Master's cock.

That'll happen, he growled, fucking my anal sheath hard.

I whimpered, hurtling closer and closer to cumming. Mrs. Holiday rode Carter with such eagerness. The pregnant wife was such a shameful whore for cuckolding her husband, but I understood why.

The Millers' dicks were incredible.

Mr. Miller rammed into my asshole to the hilt. I squealed out in rapture, Yes!

My anal sheath spasmed around his cock. He growled as he drew back and back. He ripped out of my asshole and slid down to my pussy lips. He rammed hid dirty dick into my cunt, fully dishonoring me. I gasped as my twat writhed around him, buffing his dick clean.

Fuck! he growled and erupted.

His cum pumped into my pussy. My second load of breeding jizz. I whimpered in delight, my pussy writhing around him. He grunted, pumping every blast of cum into my pussy. It was just so wild. I loved the feel of the spunk gushing into my snatch.

Yes, yes, breed me, Master! I moaned.

Breed her! Mrs. Holiday gasped. And you... Oh, god, yes, flood my cunt, Carter! You're a stud!

The pregnant wife came on the boy's cock, shaming her husband with her wanton desires. She had cuckolded him. Carter grunted, flooding her pussy with all his jizz. I whimpered, my twat milking Mr. Miller's dick. The pleasure flooded through me over and over again.

It was just so amazing. I whimpered in delight, my pussy milking Mr. Miller. He grunted and groaned, flooding me with everything that he had. He filled me to the brim with all his cum. I shuddered in delight, so glad to have all this pleasure rushing through me.

Master, I moaned as he erupted one last time. He ripped his cock out of my pussy.

Now it's time to learn to lick a woman's cunt clean of your master's cum, he growled.

Mmm, yes, whimpered Mrs. Holiday as her butt-cheeks jiggled. Oh, Carter filled me to the brim for you.

She slid off him and moved to the couch, holding her pregnant belly. She looked to be eight or nine months pregnant, her belly a wonderful curve. Carter picked me up and moved me to her. I shuddered, feeling the jizz pooling against my cervix. 

She lifted my head to her pregnant pussy. Pearly cum spilled out of her shaved folds. She shoved me into her snatch, her pregnant belly curving over my head. I licked at her twat, gathering up the salty cum mixed with something sweet. 

Her pussy!

I licked at her with eagerness. I would have to satiate Mrs. Miller like this once she returned. I would be a good sex slave. My pussy brimmed with cum. I clenched hard to keep it in me. I licked at her as the two men watched. Talked.

Planned. It was all so exciting. I licked at that pussy, gathering up more and more of the cum that spilled out. Her clit was so fat. I wanted to suckle on it. The married woman stared down at me, her big boobs quivering.

That's it, she moaned. Mmm, you're doing so good.

Thank you, Mrs. Holiday, I purred and licked at her again.

My bound boobs jiggled. The rope rasped across my body. My tongue flicked through her folds, gathering up all the salty delights. I loved them so much. I stroked my tongue over her petals, loving the cum and her sweet cream.

I stroked over her clit again and again as I licked up the milky jizz. There was less and less of it by the moment. I had to get it all, though. Every last drop. I flicked my tongue through her folds, loving how she shuddered.

Oh, my, that's so good, she whimpered. Yes, yes, that's just amazing! Ooh, you're such a dear! Just such a delight!

I'm so glad you love it, I moaned. But there's less cum running out.

So dig in with your pretty tongue and root around for all that yummy cum.

Mrs. Holiday had such great advice. I thrust my tongue into her pussy and swirled around in her. I loved licking it out of her, my dishonored cunt brimming with such jizz. I scooped the spunk out of her sweet depths with shameful abandon. I was such a hussy.

I thrust my tongue into her pussy again and again. I swirled around in her, mixing up her cream and the yummy cum. I licked at her with all that I had. She shuddered as I did that. She quivered there, her. Her hands rubbed at her pregnant belly as I found all the cum in her.

Then I licked her clit. She had a fat one. I suckled on it like a little nipple. She moaned, her big boobs heaving and her pregnant belly quivering. I suckled on her with force, loving how she moaned. Her back arched. Her hands rubbed at her belly.

Oh, my, yes, yes, she gasped. Oh, keep sucking on me. You delicious slut!

I wanted to make her cum so badly. I suckled on her with everything that I had. She squealed out her rapture and bucked. Her passion echoed through the room. It was so delicious. I loved it so much. I drowned in her sweet cream.

I licked at her, my bound body quivering. My pussy was so hot. I wanted more cum in me. I lapped up her pussy juices as the pregnant woman quivered through her pleasure. She whimpered, her boobs jiggling.

Oh, she's going to make your wife a very happy woman, purred Mrs. Holiday. I'm so glad that we have all weekend to play.

Yes, yes, I need my Masters to pump my pussy full of cum and breed me! I squealed, so glad to be the Millers' sex slave. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Niku Sakurajima is finding the cultural exchange to be very stimulating. In two weeks, she discovers she's pregnant and has the anchor baby to bring her entire family over. She's a good sex slave to Dad and Carter. And to Mom and my sisters when they get back.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kristen pants after she finishes masturbating, just thinking of all the naughty things that could be happening downstairs. She knows they're not. She believes if she goes downstairs, she won't find a suddenly very pregnant Mrs. Holiday.

Kristen doesn't care that she has her dates wrong. Mrs. Holiday should only be three or so months pregnant, but now she's going to be giving birth next month. The world warps around Kristen. For now, she's thinking of new stories to pen.

She curls up wandering what sort of story she could write about the preacher's daughter. She can become a whore like her mother. A porn star whore, maybe? 

As she pondered it, the doorbell rang. Pizza is here. Kristen smiles. Dad's go-to meal. She's thinking about Annie Green though when a knock wraps softly at her door. 

Your dinner, Mistress Kristen, Niku says.

Kristen rises out of her thoughts, her stomach hungry for pizza. Did she say mistress? Then Kristen laughs because that means her story was true. And she believes they're not. Just her depraved fantasies. 

The corrupted diary doesn't want her to ever know the truth.
To be continued...
