Alice still marvels at how she has managed to come to be here of all places.

“Th’ Luckluster Library!” Thackery announces, reaching for the door handles. “’Tis been sae laung since I’ve had th’ pleasure o’ seein’ it!” The Hare braces himself and attempts to dig his hairy feet into the polished marble floor of the hall for leverage but only manages to scramble like a unicorn on ice skates.

The Hatter – Gah! Tarrant! – rescues him. “While we appreciate the thought, Thack, I’m afraid Alice and I each have to open a door for ourselves.”

Alice looks up as her... well, her Intended gestures her over to the high, slender, painstakingly engraved, white wooden doors. She still can’t believe that – just this time yesterday – things had been so very different! For one, she hadn’t known why she’d been feeling so tense and oddly anxious around him. And, for another, her maid hadn’t argued with her over her wardrobe so vehemently and fussed with her hair for nearly so long! (Why she must wear a dress to visit a library Alice still has no idea whatsoever.) Of course – this time yesterday – Alice had had no idea of how heavenly the Hatter tastes, smells, feels in her arms and against her fingertips and lips. It is that reminder – the Goal, in other words – that gives her the gumption to reach out and grasp the right side handle as the... Tarrant! takes the left.

Tarrant had thoughtfully explained during their chaperoned stroll from her rooms (which he, as per the Rules of Courtship, had not dared to put even a single toe across the threshold) to this very quiet yet breathtakingly luminous wing of the castle: it’s traditional, he’d informed her, to spend the first days of courtship in the Luckluster Library, comparing tastes in literature and the like. (Alice would have preferred a literal rather than a literary comparing of tastes, but, alas, that – kissing – is also Against The Rules.)

“But I haven’t read any Underlandian literature,” she’d protested when Tarrant had declared that she’ll have the honor of sharing her favorite books and poems with him first. In this case, the lady always goes first, educating her potential husband on her preferences in genres, authors, characters and so on.

“Ah,” he’d replied a bit awkwardly. “Well, then, I suppose I shall have to assist you with first discovering your favorites so that you may show them to me.” His brows had twitched a bit nervously at that, but he’d said no more about it.

And now here she is: on the threshold of her own Courtship. For a moment, Alice considers what it will mean if she opens this door, begins their Courtship in earnest. She wonders if this is the point of no return.

Do I really want to do this?

“Alice?”

She looks up at the – Damnation! – Tarrant’s worried lisp. “The door will not open unless you wish it to...”

She looks into his eyes. He’s nervous, too, she sees, but he is not nervous in the same way she is. She wants her friend back and their freedom of privacy and his hands on her and his taste on her tongue and his scent overwhelming her mind... He wants love. Alice does not know if they should begin this journey while their objectives are so disparate.

But she had promised him she would try. And she will. She will. She is!

Alice inhales deeply, nods, and the door gently begins to swing open under the slight pressure of her hand. The room that is revealed is like no other library she has ever seen. It appears to be housed in an oval-shaped turret of the castle and the entire first floor is lit by rows of long, slender windows, between which are long, slender book stacks. There are two rolling ladders which lead up to a balcony of sorts which is ringed by more thin windows with more woefully spatially inefficient shelves of Underlandian tomes. Her gaze follows the rolling ladders on the second level to the seemingly identical level above that... and then the level above that... and then...

“How many stories is this place?” Alice breathes.

Tarrant giggles. “A great many, I should think. One per book at the very least... well, discounting those that give instructions rather than tell tales. Not that you would want to read a book that had the nasty habit of telling tales—”

“I might, actually,” Alice interjects, just to be contrary. “I’d be curious to see if it could keep its story straight as time goes on.”

Tarrant considers that, gives her an odd speculative frown, blinks, and says, “Well, shall that be our first objective then?”

“Finding a book that tells tales?” As tempting as that sounds, that might take a bit more time than she’d like to spend on this portion of the Courting. “Maybe some other time.”

Alice turns and conducts a thorough visual survey of the library ’s ground floor. Thackery has already made himself useful by lecturing the doors not to let anyone into the room while Alice and Tarrant are courting within it... and has digressed into informing the doorknobs of the many unfortunate side effects one might experience – digestively – if one endeavors to determine whether or not brass polish can be used in place of butter after the very last of the butter has been donated to various watch works and time piece gizmos.

“Shall we start over here?” Alice asks over the litany of distracted mumbling and occasional eureka-esque shout.

Her companion nods amicably and gestures for her to precede him. She does and, choosing the nearest book stack, begins scanning the titles that climb up the colorful spines of the texts, attempting to discern exactly what this particular collection’s overall classification is. She reads:

Basket-weaving with Bandersnatch Whiskers

Spent Tea Bags: Life after Brewing

Jacques the Jay-eyed Jubjub

The Mystery of Mr. Mungdy’s Mountain

“Mystery...” Yes, that sounds like a possibility. She lifts the yellow, cloth-bound tome from the shelf and opens it... to find page after page of sketches. The only subject is a solitary mountain and its many faces. Page after page after page of the same mountain from the east, the north-east, at dawn, at noon...

“Ah, yes,” the Ha—Tarrant muses over her shoulder. “Underland’s tallest mountain. No one knows how it got there, actually. It simply arrived one day.”

“Not even Mister Mungdy?”

“Well, if he did then it would hardly be a mystery any longer, would it?”

“I suppose not.” Alice returns the book to the shelf and selects another. This one has a red binding. It opens in her hands and she finds herself looking at what first appears to be a collection of sonnets... that have been written in...

“Are these the footprints of... birds?”

“Lark Language, by the look of it,” Tarrant agrees.

“I don’t suppose you can read it?”

“Not a verse. Nor speak it. I have never had a chirpy enough disposition, I’m afraid.”

Alice closes the book and, turning to face him, holds it up. “Why is there a book written in the language of larks in a library for people?”

“Why wouldn’t there be?”

Alice’s brows arc. “Well, it’s a book for larks, isn’t it? How would they even open it let alone get it out of its place on the shelf? Why have it at all?”

Tarrant reaches out and removes the book from her hand. “Just because a thing cannot be used, does not make it useless.”

Alice takes a deep breath and sighs it out as Tarrant slides the book carefully back into place.

He clears his throat and wonders aloud, “Shall we try the ones on the second level?”

Alice considers the rolling stairs and frowns.

“Um...”

“Come, come! I have the feeling that the best books are closer to the top!”

“Er...”

“Here. I’ll hold the ladder. You’ll be perfectly safe.” He strides over to said ladder and grasps it firmly, demonstrating his immovable intentions and dependability as a ladder-holder. Alice glances toward Thackery. He is currently sitting on an ottoman, engrossed in a large book that appears to be an illustrated guide to the development of the common potato. Before she can talk herself out of the perfectly sneaky and underhanded idea that has entered her head, Alice accepts his invitation.

She strides over and places her hands on the ladder rails and her slippered foot on the lowest slat. “Thank you,” she informs him with a smile that feels far too devious to be genuine. At least from her side of it. Tarrant’s brows twitch in reaction and his green eyes focus – as well as they are able – on her lips. His tongue darts out, very briefly, to wet his own. “My pleasure, Alice.”

And she’ll ensure that it is. She turns toward the ladder and, with a bit of unnecessary sway to her hips and too-high stepping, begins to climb. She makes it to the third slat before she hears him catch his breath.

“Yes?” she asks innocently, turning to look over her shoulder at his expression. Tarrant is staring at her ankle – her bare ankle – with one hand raised, poised just above her skin.

“Ye... ye are nae...”

“I don’t like them,” she informs him, referring to her missing stockings.

“Is that so?” he murmurs, his fingers twitching. With what appears to be a considerable concentration of will, Tarrant looks up at her through his wild brows. “Is there anything else ye d’nae care for?”

She turns carefully on her perch and leans back a bit against the ladder. “Perhaps...”

Perhaps it is her tone or the look in her eyes or her smile that invites him up to join her. In truth she is not sure. But it hardly matters. He accepts. Her heart pounds as he places his booted foot on the bottom rung and climbs up after her. Her lips part as he draws closer, her breaths become more and more difficult to catch.

He is just one rung beneath her now, caging her in on the ladder. She can feel his chest pressed against her stomach and his hips between her knees. She leans down, her gaze on his mouth, her mind filling with the memory from just that morning: his scent and flavor and...

The ladder wobbles alarmingly as she shifts her weight and Tarrant reaches out, reflexively, to steady her. He reaches out, grips her waist, and stiffens.

Alice watches his throat work, his lips move but no sound emerges. “I don’t like corsets, either,” she whispers.

“No... I can feel you don’t,” he replies, his hand still on her waist.

Alice reaches for his face, daringly caresses his lower lip with her thumb, whispers, “Tarrant...”

His eyes unfocus and his eyelids droop. He wants this, she sees. He does!

“Och, noe!” Thackery shouts, breaking the moment and scrambling toward them. “Keep yer britches on, Tarrant! I’m comin’ teh get ye dauwn!”

Tarrant closes his eyes, shudders, and allows Thackery to guide him back to the library floor.

“Thank you for your timely assistance, Thackery,” Tarrant somehow manages to say without growling.

“Cannae ha’ ye gettin’ stuck on a ladder, yer first day a-Courtin’! ’Tis bad luck! Very Bad Luck!”

“Yes, how tragic that would be,” Alice mutters, accepting Tarrant’s hand and stepping back down to the first level.

“Naughty,” Tarrant reprimands her directly, hotly, breathily in her ear as Thackery galumphs back to his abandoned tome. Alice shivers, turns toward him, and does not apologize. Tarrant takes a step back, gives himself a brief shake and motions Alice to take a seat in one of the armchairs in the room. “Perhaps, just for to-day, I shall ascend to the next level and call out suggestions.”

“Isn’t that breaking the... spirit of the Courtship?” If she’d understood the purpose of this library visit correctly, that is.

“Bending, perhaps. If they are gentle suggestions, I don’t see why anything should be broken,” Tarrant reasons and then clatters up the ladder before Alice can delay him any longer. She leans back in her chair and watches as the Hatter – very chivalrously – pulls himself onto the second level balcony and begins perusing the stacks. He selects a pale blue book from a top shelf. A hand reaches to the inside of his waistcoat and withdraws a simple pair of bronze wire framed reading glasses. These he perches on his nose—after a slightly self-conscious glance in Alice’s direction—and then he Begins.

“Wrestling With Wandering Wisteria?” the Hatter – Tarrant! Bloody ever-lasting Bandersnatches! – suggests, flipping open the cover. “Ah... a rather comprehensive explanation of the aerobic benefits to be gained from wisteria wrangling.”

Alice snorts. “I’ll pass for now.”

“Yes, yes. Hm... let’s see...” Squinting, he plucks another promising-looking tome from the shelf. This one is also a shade of pale-ish medium blue. “Daydreams of Drips of Dew?”

“And the main character would be...?”

Tarrant looks down at her and arcs a brow in surprise. “A blade of grass, of course.”

“Of course.” She sighs and shakes her head.

He plucks another book from the shelf. A not-quite sky blue one.

“Hatter,” she winces as his title slips out yet again. “Are you choosing these books based on the hue of their bindings?”

“Is there another way to sort through strange books?”

“Don’t you know it’s not good practice to judge a book by its cover?” she reprimands him.

“And Judging – the practice itself – is?”

“Isn’t that what you were doing just now? Why are all your choices blue?”

“Oh, have they been?”

“Yes...”

“Ah. Well... perhaps it reminds me of pleasant... things.”

Alice opens her mouth to ask what sorts of things those might be but he’s already rattling on:

“Would you prefer a nice hazel-ish brown one, then? One finger’s width wide or two?”

She sighs. “Let’s focus on searching for promising titles,” Alice pleads.

“But that’s the trouble with titles; often times the most promising ones make promises they cannot keep.”

“How about the mediocre ones?”

“Well, their contents are equally mediocre, of course.”

Alice closes her eyes and, reaching up, massages the bridge of her nose. For once, Underland is giving her a headache. Out of patience, she rises from her chair and approaches the stacks on the first floor: perhaps this task will go faster with two pairs of eyes searching. The Hatter – Argh! Tarrant! Make an effort to use his bloody name, Alice! – calls down various titles (all of which she would not be surprised to to learn had come, exclusively, from blue-bound books). In what she suspects will become her custom in the following weeks, Alice blames her ills on this blasted Courtship.