Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 8

Brad Thompson sat in his car and glanced over at the young girl. It was Wednesday and she had only been with them for three days. He felt like things were happening too fast, but he had to admit she seemed to be handling everything in stride and still maintaining her innocence. He was adamant that he wanted her to remain a princess. Sluts, even teenage ones did not have the appeal of princesses, at least with the men he had to interact with.

She was looking out the window, her white dress pulled up to show most of her thighs. Her thighs were so nice, he felt his cock lurch just from looking at them. He knew a lot of men in the warehouse enjoyed looking at them today as well. He thought of everything that had happened in the last three days. She had sat in his backyard topless while she talked to her dad on the phone; she had allowed Jenkins to paw her legs and ass and they landed the exclusive contract. Katie also went down on the girl in a dressing room, that worried him a little, but she seemed to be more curious than freaked out. So far, so good.

Sweetie, thank you again for today. He said and she turned to look at him.

Youre welcome. She said.

Can you help me again tomorrow? He asked.

Sure. What time? I have practice again; we have another big meet this weekend. She said.

The meeting is at 5 again, can you make that? He said.

Yeah, Aaron might have to pick me up at school, it was a little tight today. She said.

He can do that, no problem. He said.

Thanks, that will make it easier. She said.

He shook his head; she was so mature and yet she was just a kid. He tried to drive and not think of her, impossible.

They walked in the door and Katie was walking out of the kitchen. She was wearing her bikini top and some loose white shorts. She was barefoot and Brad thought she was a vision, even with her hair a mess. She smiled at them and Madison walked up to her and hugged her. Katie looked down at the girl and wrapped her arms around her. Madison enjoyed the feeling of the soft boobs wrapping around her head.

I see you are wearing your cute white dress; how did it go with Jenkins? Katie said and held onto the girl.

Madison helped us land a 3-year exclusive contract with Jenkins Enterprises today. Brad said.

Three years? I thought you couldnt even get him to sign for two. Katie said.

Yep, but one look at Madison and he agreed to 3 years, it was all her. Brad said.

Madison pulled away from the soft boobs and looked at Katie. She looked like she was really proud of her. Her face was the same as daddys when she brought home a good grade.

Wow, good job girl, you are quite the salesman. Katie said and rubbed her head.

Thank you, it was nothing, I will be here all week. Madison said and bowed.

Brad and Katie burst out laughing and Madison joined them. It felt good to her to laugh, she was happy that daddy had such a cool boss, and happy that she was helping as well.

How about we order pizza to celebrate. I have been in the mood for pizza all week. Katie said.

Yes! Can we order wings too? Hot ones? I love them. Madison said, very excited.

Certainly, anything for our little salesman. We can eat by the pool. You run up and change into your suit and meet me by the water. Katie said and Madison was off like a shot.

They watched her run up the stairs and they looked at each other.

Three years? Katie said.

Yep, the old fucker lost his mind. He was rubbing on her legs and ass and he agreed to anything I said. Brad said.

Just as you thought. Katie said.

Yep, and we will try to get Johnson Corp signed off tomorrow. They have that hotshot young lawyer, but old Mr. Johnson still calls the shots eventually and he is a flaming pervert. He even talked to me about how hot his grand-daughter was when we were at his Christmas party. Brad said.

I remember that, she was cute, about as old as Madison. She said.

Yep. Brad said and smiled.

She walked up to him and wrapped her arms around him. He kissed her deep and hard and grabbed the back of her head. He was so worked up watching the little princess work he felt like he was going to explode. Now she was changing into a bikini. Fuck.

Someone is feeling frisky today. Little one driving you nuts? Katie said, smiling.

I may need to fuck someone senseless tonight. He said and kissed her forehead.

Pick me, pick me. She said and turned to walk towards the sliding door.

She wiggled her ass at him and pulled her shorts down. She let them slide slowly down her legs and he saw her pink bikini bottoms. She flipped the shorts up in the air with her foot and opened the door.

See you at the pool, big boy. Bring the lotion, the sun is hot today. She said and slid out of the door.

He rubbed his cock and turned to start up the stairs to get changed. He saw Madison coming down the stairs in her yellow bikini. Yep, hotter every time he sees her.

Hey, Mr. Thompson, you coming out? She said and hopped off the last step. He loved the way her young boobs bounced as she landed.

Yep, sweetie, heading up to get changed. He said.

Yay, I love eating outside, it reminds me of camping. She said and walked past him.

He watched her young body move in the small suit, not much imagination needed. Her little ass was framed perfectly in the yellow material. He walked up the stairs and wondered what that pretty face would look like with his cum dripping off of it.

Madison walked up to the pool and saw Katie in the water.

Come on in sweetie, the water is great. She said and Madison ran and jumped high and landed with a splash.

She came up and pushed her long hair off her face. Katie was smiling at her. She swam over and Katie hugged her. It almost felt like when they hugged in the shower, there was not much clothing between their bodies.

I am so happy we hired your daddy. I love having you here. Katie said.

Madison felt her heart get lighter and then Katie kissed her. The kiss was soft, then she felt Katies tongue wrap itself around hers and her body felt warm. Katie kissed her for at least 30 seconds and then pulled back slowly. Madison felt her lips even after she pulled away.

Do you like it when I do that? Katie said.

Oh, yes. I love it. I have never kissed anyone, much less another girl. It is very nice. Madison said.

You mean you and Sam have never kissed? Katie said.

Not yet. Madison said and smiled. Katie chuckled.

You naughty little girl, are you going to kiss your best friend the next chance you get? Katie said.

Yep. Madison said and Katie kissed her again softly.

They broke the kiss and then hung their arms over the edge of the pool.

Katie, how many girls have you kissed? Madison said.

Oh Jesus, a ton. I have been kissing girls since I was your age. I did it the first time with my best friend when we were sleeping over at her house. It was great, she had done it before. Actually, I kissed a girl before I kissed a boy. Katie said.

How many boys have you kissed? Madison said.

Now that number is not even possible to count. I got these boobs when I was 16 and boys have been trying to kiss me ever since. Most of my dates in high school ended with the boy kissing me and then playing with these. Katie said and pushed up one of her boobs. Madison giggled.

No boy has ever tried to kiss me. Madison said.

That proves that boys are stupid, but that is actually good, you dont want that to happen too fast. You need to understand more about yourself before you start trying to figure out boys. Katie said.

But you and Mr. Thompson kissed me. Was that too fast? Madison said.

Nope, Mr. Thompson and I are exempt from the rules, our kisses dont count. Katie said and smiled.

Good, I dont want to have to worry about keeping track of them. Madison said with a serious face and then broke into a laugh.

She pushed away from Katie and then splashed water in her face. Katie jumped at her and she swam away quickly, Katie chasing her.

Brad walked out to the pool and saw his girls splashing and playing in the pool. Katie looked like a teenager again. He remembered her as a teenager. She was a knockout when she was 17 and working in that restaurant. The first time he saw her he made himself a promise he would at least sleep with her. Marrying her was a bonus. He saw her grab Madison and toss the young girl in the air. He saw a flash of yellow material, tan skin, and dark hair fly in a whirlwind and then a huge splash.

He watched them wrestle for another 10 minutes and then he saw Aaron walk up with the pizza. He walked over to the edge of the pool and waited for a break in the action. He saw Madison pop up and take a deep breath and Katie looked like she was going to pounce again.

Food is here, ladies. He said and they looked at him.

Yay, I am starving. Madison said and started to swim toward the steps.

He got to his lounge just in time to see Madison walk out of the pool. Her tight body shiny with the water and the water dripping off her chest and face. It was a beautiful sight and he wished he had his camera. Then he saw Katie step out and his cock almost popped out of his suit. She was also shiny, and she had bigger body parts for water to drip off of. He saw them grab towels off the shelf and start to dry those wonderful bodies.

Aaron set up the table and then walked back to the deck. He stood near the door. Madison watched him walk away. She looked at the table and it was set up perfect, the pizza looked great, and the wings smelled amazing. She picked up a plate and then looked over at Aaron. She put her plate down and walked up to the deck and stood in front of him. He looked so huge up this close, and she felt really small. She also felt very white as she stared at his dark skin.

She held out her hand and he took it. She was amazed at how cool it looked to see her little white hand in the large black one. She squeezed his hand and turned back towards the pool. She looked back at him and he looked confused.

Come, eat with us. She said and she saw a small smile break on his face.

She pulled him down to the table and he sat in a chair. Katie handed him a plate and Madison picked up her plate and sat next to him. They ate all of the pizza and most of the wings and laughed a lot. Madison looked around and felt very happy with her extra little family.

Katie took Madisons hand and walked her over to the lounges. They sat right next to each other and Katie leaned back, letting the sun heat up her pretty skin. Madison did the same and it felt great. She thought life could not get much better. She felt movement and she looked over to see Katie pulling off her top. Her breasts were so nice. Madison hoped hers would look close to that when they got bigger. She saw Katie looking at her, more grownup stuff.

Madison took a deep breath and untied her top. She dropped it between the lounges with Katies and leaned back. She closed her eyes, the sun felt good on her chest. She wondered if Mr. Thompson and Aaron were looking. They were sitting about 10 feet away; she knew they were looking. She felt so different, she never thought even a week ago that she would feel so comfortable sitting topless with two older men looking at her boobs. Well, they had already seen them so no biggie.

Brad looked at Aaron and they both looked back at the lovely sight. Two beautiful girls, topless and laying 10 feet away. Life was good. Brad saw Aaron rubbing his crotch, and he felt his pain. These girls were keeping him constantly hard; he was surprised he could think straight with all the blood that was flowing to his crotch.

Brad, can you help? He heard Katies voice and looked over to see her holding up the bottle of sunscreen.

He looked back at Aaron and they both smiled at such a stupid question. Brad walked over and sat on the edge of her lounge. He took the bottle and squirted it in his hand. He then proceeded to spread it over her pretty feet and calves. He loved her feet, they were perfect, and he had seen them with his cum running all over them, he loved that and surprisingly so did she. He felt his poor cock push against his suit as that image crossed his brain.

He ran his hands up her legs, spreading the lotion everywhere. His fingers came just to the edge of her bottoms and he saw her hips move slightly, he could almost smell her excitement. He ran his fingers over her tight stomach. He got some more lotion and then made sure her breasts were fully protected from the sun. He saw her nipples stiffen as he rubbed lotion over them. He finished with her shoulders and arms and then sat back. She looked up at him and smiled.

Thank you, now do her. Katie said and she chuckled at his surprised face.

Sweetheart, are you ok with Mr. Thompson putting sunscreen on you, so you dont burn? Katie said to Madison. Brad saw Madison look at Katie and then at him.

Yes. She said in a little voice and his cock almost exploded.

Katie and Madison both giggled as they saw how uncomfortable he was. He moved to Madisons lounge and started with her feet. They were small but perfectly formed. He had never touched them, so he took his time with all the toes and made sure her feet were completely coated with lotion. He loved the feel of her feet and he looked up to see her eyes closed and her breathing slow and steady. He watched her boobs move as she breathed.

He worked his way up the young legs, taking his time as he explored her little body. Her legs were incredible, no wonder Jenkins signed away three years. He worked up to the strong thighs and ran his hands all around them. The skin on her inner thighs was soft and warm he thought he may have never felt anything nicer. He tried to not venture too close to the edge of her bottoms. He was enjoying this exploration too much to alarm her.

He touched the tight belly and then ran his hands up between her chest and around the blossoming boobs. They were even prettier up close; they were big for her age and they stood up off her chest. They were not nearly as large as Katies as he glanced over but on such a small frame, they were incredible. The nipples were small and pink and fit her as well. He put more lotion into his hands and then slowly made sure those perfect breasts would not get burnt. He watched her face closely as he massaged her breasts, her eyes stayed closed, and she was smiling. He felt the nipples stiffen as he ran his hands over them. That was a beautiful sight. He ran his hands up to her shoulders and her pretty neck and then over her arms. He sat up and looked at the perfect little body and then he stood up, his poor cock making it hard to stand.

He walked over to the table and Aaron was smirking. He flipped him off and Aaron burst out laughing. The girls looked over and then looked at each other. Madison felt so calm and relaxed, his hands were so nice and warm and everywhere he had touched her she felt a tingle.

He is good at that, huh? Katie whispered.

Oh yes. Madison said.

You know what else he is good at? Katie whispered again. She licked her lips and smiled.

Madison looked at her and felt herself blush, but she felt a definite tingle between her legs. It was all she could do to not reach down and touch herself.

You are so naughty. Madison whispered.

Yep. Katie said and closed her eyes.

Aaron finished cleaning up the table and then started to walk away.

Aaron. Mr. Thompson spoke, and Aaron turned to look at him.

Someone wants you down here with us and I am thinking you better obey her wishes or she may come over here and kick your ass. Brad said and motioned to the chair.

Are you sure, sir? Aaron said.

That she can kick your ass, absolutely. Now sit down before I tell her you are not following her directions. Brad said and Aaron sat.

They both looked at the beautiful scene in front of them and tried to burn it into their respective memories. Brad felt his phone buzz. He pulled it out and saw it was Henry.

Hey bud, how is training going? Brad said.

Great, I am almost saturated, but I am taking good notes. There is a lot. Henry said.

Yeah, it is a lot, but you hang in there. We will also work with you when you get back. You will have a lot of help. Brad said and remembered Madison helping as Jenkins ran his hand over her little ass.

Is Madison around, I miss her terribly. Henry said.

Yeah, her and Katie went swimming, then we ate pizza by the pool, and now they are both sunbathing. Brad said.

She must be really happy; those are three of her favorite things. Henry said.

I think she is, but she does miss you. Actually, she is sleeping right now. She looks very peaceful. Brad said and watched her boobs move as she took slow deep breaths.

Ok, dont wake her up. Have her call me a little later. I am going out to go catch a bite. Henry said.

Will do, I will have her call you before she goes to bed. Brad said.

Perfect and thank you guys so much for taking care of her. It means a lot. Henry said.

Our pleasure, Henry. She is a wonderful kid; you did a great job. Brad said.

Thanks, she definitely is. She has a meet this Saturday, right? Henry said.

Yeah, I think she mentioned it, she said practice has been tough this week. Brad said.

Yeah, I feel horrible, I have never missed any of her meets. Can you make sure someone is there to watch her? Henry said.

Absolutely, I am sure Katie at least will insist on being there. Brad said.

Thanks again, Mr. Thompson, you guys are going above and beyond with Madison and I truly appreciate it. Henry said.

You are welcome. Brad said.

Ok, I will talk to you later. Henry said.

Bye Henry. Brad said and hung up.

Dont you find it incredibly hot that you are talking to her daddy when she is laying 10 feet away looking like that? Aaron said.

Yes, but you should have seen it Monday, she was talking to him herself and looking just like that. Brad said.

Oh fuck, that is hot. How are you and the Mrs. able to be around that all the time? Aaron said.

Lots of great sex, and lots of frustration. Brad said.

Tell me about it, I nailed Bridget last night and almost drove her through the mattress. All I could see in my head were those fine little legs and those fucking blue panties. Aaron said.

Brad laughed and heard Katies voice. He looked over to see that she and Madison had turned over on their stomachs and she was holding out the bottle of sunscreen. He cracked his knuckles and stood up.

A mans work is never done. Brad said and Aaron chuckled and looked at Madisons tight ass in that yellow suit.

Brad took the bottle and sat on the lounge. Katies perfect ass was right there and all he wanted to do was lift it up and fuck her right here. He took a deep breath and started rubbing on her pretty feet again.

You got those already. Katie said.

Never can be too careful baby. He said.

Katie knew he loved her feet and she loved that he did. She actually had an orgasm when he came on her feet. She loved it when he did that, another reason they were perfect for each other. She would probably cum herself the first time he came on Madisons little feet. She felt her pussy spasm at the mere thought of that. She felt his warm fingers protecting her inner thighs from sunburn.

Brad rubbed lotion into her thighs and then slid his hands under her suit and spread it on her wonderful ass. He heard her moan a little and move when he did that. He finished by rubbing her smooth back and shoulders.

Madison watched Mr. Thompson rub lotion all over Katie and she thought it was incredibly hot. She watched him slide under her bottoms and over her thighs. She had loved it when he rubbed her thighs before. She saw him finish and she grabbed the bottle of lotion. He stood and looked at her, but she knew what she wanted to do. She was hoping Katie and Mr. Thompson would approve. She pulled herself up on her arms, looked over to the table, and held out the bottle.

Aaron? She said in a small voice, hoping she wasnt going to embarrass herself.

Aaron felt the blood drain from his face, and he looked at Mr. Thompson. He was no help, his face looked just like his. He noticed movement and he saw Katie push herself up and nod her head. He looked at Madison and she looked so cute with her little boobs hanging down as she held herself up. She actually looked a little scared. He stood and started to walk over, and she smiled. He took the bottle from her and she laid down and closed her eyes.

Brad and Katie looked at each other and knew they were going to shake the walls tonight when they fucked. They both felt flushed, and Brad actually put his hands in his shorts and tried to arrange his rock-hard cock. They watched Aaron start to rub on her little feet. Katie reached under herself and found her clit.

Aaron ran his fingers through the little toes and all over her cute feet. He loved the feel of her calves, you could tell she was a runner. Her thighs were also magical, he had been looking at them all week and to now be able to touch them and rub his hands all over them was a dream come true. He felt her move her legs slightly as he got to her inner thighs. She moved her legs apart a little. He grabbed her thigh and rubbed on it with both hands. It was fucking amazing. He put it down and then rubbed lotion all over the other one.

He picked up the bottle and squirted more lotion and looked at her tight ass. He took a deep breath and started on her hips. He rubbed on them and then slid his hands under her suit. He watched her closely and she did not react. He rubbed on the wonderful little ass and almost came in his pants. He made very sure her butt would not burn and then spread lotion over her strong back. He could feel the muscles in her legs and back, he loved athletic girls. He finished with her shoulders and then leaned back.

Katie and Mr. Thompson were watching him, and both of their faces looked flushed. He stood up and then he felt his cock pushing against his pants. Katie looked up and smiled.

Thank you, Aaron, that was great. He heard the small voice.

You are welcome, Miss Madison. Aaron answered in routine.

Mr. Thompson, I have to go get the car gassed and washed for tomorrow. Aaron said.

Sure Aaron, we will see you in the morning. Brad said.

They both knew that what Aaron really meant was I have to get out of here before I spray cum all over everyone. They smiled at each other and Aaron walked away. Brad sat down on the lounge. Katie saw Madison turn her head and look at her. She could see her excitement in her pretty eyes.

Did that feel good, sweetie? Katie said.

Oh yes, his hands were so warm. Madison said.

It was sweet of you to ask him; I know he enjoyed it. Katie said.

Do you think so? I felt bad, he is always standing over there by himself. I thought he should be with us; I feel like he is all the other times. Madison said.

You are absolutely right, sometimes we forget about him. He is so good at his job and staying silent and invisible. Katie said.

No one is invisible. Madison said and Katie smiled at the depth of compassion in this little one.

So, do you want to try what we talked about? Katie said and motioned to Brad.

I dont know. I feel funny asking. Madison said.

Dont worry sweetie, I will do the asking, you just tell me if you want me to. Katie said.

I want you to. Madison said in a small voice, hoping again she would not regret this choice.

Brad honey. Do you remember what I did to Madison at the mall yesterday? Katie said.

Yes? Brad said in a tentative voice.

Well, I told her you were ok at that as well and she would like you to show her. Katie said and she thought Brad might pass out.

Madison pushed herself up and looked at Mr. Thompson. She saw how excited he was, and it made her feel good that he wanted to do it. She turned over and looked at him.

Are you sure, sweetie? Brad said and she nodded.

He scooted down on his knees and put his hands on her thighs. He pulled her closer and put his hands on her hips. She shivered as his fingers touched the tie strings on the side of her suit. He pulled the right one slowly and she felt like she was vibrating. She felt the suit loosen. He pulled the string on the other side and she felt it give way. He slowly pulled her suit towards him and dropped it between her open legs. He was looking down at a perfect little pussy.

It was smooth and looked pristine. He leaned over and kissed her inner thigh. He sucked it a little and she moaned. He looked up and her eyes were closed. He saw her left arm hanging onto the lounge and her right hand was squeezing Katies hand. Her chest was rising and falling faster, and he kissed and sucked her other thigh. She groaned and spread her legs even more. He lowered his head and kissed her pussy gently.

Madison felt the electricity ripping through her small body as he kissed and sucked on her thighs, then she saw sparks fly as he kissed her pussy. Now he was running his finger all around and softly touching her pussy. He ran his finger gently over her sensitive smooth skin, she groaned and felt a spasm. She squeezed Katies hand harder.

Brad felt her body spasm when he ran his finger over the smooth young pussy. He leaned over and ran his tongue over the same path. She opened her mouth and a small squeal escaped. He loved the look of passion on someone so young, it was exhilarating. He slipped his tongue between the soft lips and tasted her for the first time. Katie was right, sweet like candy. He ran his tongue up the soft inside and felt her wetness. He saw her little clit pop up and he circled it with his tongue. He saw it pulsing with her heartbeat.

Madisons young brain was struggling to process what she was feeling. It was like pleasure overload. She felt like her body was vibrating and she could not breathe fast enough to keep up with her heart. She felt his hands on her inner thighs, holding her open and his wonderful tongue taking a tour of her pussy. She moved her left hand off the lounge and put it on his head. She tried not to pull him inside her, so she ran her fingers through his hair.

Brad felt her hand on his head, and he flicked his tongue gently across her clit. Her body lurched up and he saw her upper body move off the lounge, her boobs sticking straight up in the air. He moved his hands up and held her breasts. He could feel the stiff nipples in his palms. She gasped and her eyes flew open. He ran his tongue over her sensitive clit and her head fell back and her eyes closed. He squeezed her breasts and ran his tongue through her soft insides.

Madison felt his hands on her breasts, and she got scared. No one had ever touched them like he was touching them now. Suddenly she wondered if this was right? Was she old enough for this? Her young mind was a blur of images and thoughts and then she felt him run his tongue over her sensitive spot and everything in her body screamed yes, in addition to her mouth as she uttered the word. She felt her body completely relax and open itself to him. His tongue was controlling her now and she loved it. Katie was so right.

Brad licked up her sweet juices and he could not remember the last virgin he had tasted but no one had ever tasted this sweet. This girl was something special. He moved through her pussy and ran his fingers over her small nipples. He felt like she was on the verge, he kept her there for a couple of seconds and then he kissed her clit and sucked it gently. He felt her explode and he grabbed her hips quickly and held on. She convulsed hard and he felt the power of her little body. Both of her hands were on his head, pulling him to her. He sucked the small clit and she convulsed again.

Katie watched the young girl cum hard, and she was amazed. She had experienced it from between those wonderful legs but now she was seeing from the outside and it was incredible. The strong little body was shaking, and Brad was trying to hold on. She saw the little mouth opening and small sounds escaping. Her boobs were bouncing around as she flopped on the lounge. She saw Brad move his tongue and she exploded again. Katie tried to burn this image into her head. Her husband trying to hold onto a little girl as she was ripping through orgasms. She saw her wrap her legs around Brad and grab his head with both hands.

Brad held on as she shook and vibrated. She was not convulsing anymore but she was experiencing aftershocks where she would gasp and tense up. He was trying very hard not to drown between her legs, but she was really strong. He felt her lessen her grip on his head and then relax her legs. He pulled his head up and took a deep breath. He heard Katie giggle.

Madison tried to breathe as her body was shaking out of control. She let go of his head, checking to make sure she had none of his hair in her fingers. She relaxed her legs and let them fall open around him. She looked at him and his face was shiny, but he had a huge smile. He looked really cute. She saw him sit back on his legs and look at her.

Brad loved the look of girls after they had huge orgasms, and this was definitely a pretty sight. Her face was flushed red as well as her neck. Her breasts were shining with sweat, and her breathing was starting to slow down. He looked down and her legs were wide open. Her little pussy was open and glistening. It was beautiful. She was beautiful. He groaned as he felt his cock, it was now actually painful.

He stood and Katie saw his shorts. She sat up and pulled him over. She pulled his shorts down and swallowed his cock. She could feel it pulsing and she knew he was close. She reached under and caressed his balls and he exploded in her mouth. She felt it hit the back of her throat and she swallowed. He blasted three more massive loads and she took them like a trooper. This was her specialty and she swallowed everything without an issue. She felt his cock soften and he took a deep breath. She pulled back and let it slip out of her mouth. She pulled up his shorts and he walked over and sat down.

Katie looked at Madison and her face was priceless. She was staring, she had pulled her legs back together and was rubbing her tight stomach.

What was that? Madison whispered.

That is a lesson for later, I promise we will talk about it. How was he? Katie said.

Oh my God, you guys are incredible. That was really nice, how do you not do that all the time? Madison said and Katie giggled.

Thats a thought, but I think Brad would get pretty tired. Katie said.

Yeah, I guess so, but I have never felt anything like that. Madison said.

So, was he better than me? Katie said, Madison recognized the trick question and thought for a second.

I will have to do more research. Madison said and smiled.

Good answer. How do you feel? Katie said.

Exhausted and a little washed out. Madison said.

I guess so, that was incredible to watch. Katie said and rubbed her own pussy. Madison looked at her hand.

Yeah, that got me a little worked up. Katie said and Madison had a thought that came out of her mouth before it crossed her brain.

Do you want me to do it to you? Madison said and Katie knew she had never heard anything so cute.

Are you sure? Katie said.

It only seems fair; you are excited, and he doesnt look to be in very good shape. Madison said and they both looked at Brad slumped in his chair.

Ok, but you dont have to. Katie said.

I know, but I want to. You will have to help me, obviously I have never done it before. Madison said.

Ok, come over here before I change my mind. Katie said.

Madison scooted over to her lounge and Katie pulled off her bottoms and spread her legs. Madison looked at her and she looked so beautiful. Her breasts were absolutely perfect, her legs were amazing, but her pussy looked incredible. It was smooth and open slightly; Madison could see some pink. She looked up at Katie.

Ready? Katie asked and Madison nodded.

Ok, put your hands on my legs. Katie said and Madison put her hands on Katies thighs, trying to put them where Mr. Thompson had put his on her own thighs a little while ago.

Good, when you start you can hold them open. Once you start let them go wherever they want. No place is wrong. Katie said and Madison remembered Mr. Thompson putting his hands on her boobs, it surprised her at the time, but it felt great.

Now lean over and you can start with your mouth or your fingers, again, no wrong answer. Touch all around and do what you like done to you. Katie said and leaned back.

Katie looked at the young girl between her legs. Her face looked to be in deep concentration and her little boobs were hanging there as she prepared to dive into her pussy. She would have to try and not cum before she even touched her. She felt the warm breath on her pussy and then a warm little tongue touched her thigh. God, help her. She put her hand on the pretty head between her legs and took a deep breath.

Katie felt her lick the inside of both of her thighs and then run her tongue over her skin and into her pussy. Fuck, she was good at this already. She felt the tongue run up and down the inside of her pussy and Katie jumped. Madison looked up.

Keep going sweetie, you are doing great. Katie whispered.

Katie felt the warm little tongue work its way through her pussy again and circled her clit. How did she know how to do that? She felt her kiss her clit and then her little hands moved up and grabbed her breasts. Katie jumped again and groaned. Fuck this girl, holy shit! The little tongue wrapped around her clit gently and then moved down through her pussy again. She felt it lapping up her juices and then it moved back up slowly. She felt herself on the edge. Her nipples were hard as rocks under the little hands. She felt the small fingers grab her nipples and squeeze.

Katie felt like she was looking over the ledge of a huge canyon and there was an invisible force holding her from falling. Her body was vibrating, ready to jump. Her heart was racing, and she was now holding the pretty head with both hands. The little tongue moved slowly through the inside of her pussy again and then she felt the soft lips grab her clit. The tongue moved around her clit as the lips held it and then she felt suction, and she was pushed hard off the cliff.

Fuck! She heard her voice ring through the backyard, and she exploded in a wonderful orgasm. The little tongue was lapping at her clit as she shook and convulsed. She realized she had handfuls of hair and she tried hard not to pull. Her body was shaking but the tongue kept going and the girl was hanging onto her boobs as pleasure ripped through her. Slowly she felt her heart slow down and she stopped shaking. Two more aftershocks and then she let go of the pretty head. She saw the girl pull her head up and she saw a wonderful sight, an incredibly cute face with her pussy juice all over it. She smiled and opened her arms. The girl climbed up and Katie wrapped her arms around her and held her.

Was it ok? Madison whispered.

Oh, sweetheart, you were amazing as usual. You are really good at that already. Katie said.

Really? You are not just being nice? Madison asked.

Really. That was very good, Sam is going to love that. Katie said and Madison jerked her head up and looked at her.

They both started laughing, Madison put her head down on Katies soft chest and closed her eyes. Her young mind was working hard to come to terms with everything that was happening to her. She was lying naked in a backyard on top of another girl. She was pretty sure most people would look at her and start to wonder. What would Mr. Jones think? She smiled when she figured he would most likely like it very much. She remembered his face again when she kissed him, he was funny. What would the silly boys from school think of her? They would probably be jealous because she was hugging Katie. She felt Katies breasts pressed against hers, she loved that feeling.

Katie rubbed her hands over the strong back and the tight ass. She loved the way this girls body felt. Young and soft but strong. She thought of what they just did, and she hoped they had not gone too far too fast with her. She remembered the little tongue between her legs, and she wondered how she was so good at that already. She had to practice a lot before she got that good.

Brad watched his cum shoot out over the pool deck. His poor cock was now hanging limp in his hand. He had just watched the best porn he had ever seen. A fucking adorable girl eating out his sexpot of a wife. Luckily for him and Katie as well, he had the where with all to grab his phone and capture that scene for posterity. It was fucking hot, and he was pretty sure he had never seen anything hotter even in a movie. He shoved his sore cock back into his shorts.

Hey, little one, I think we should get up and get in the pool. You game? Katie whispered.

Sure. She heard the soft little voice and she wondered if she had been falling asleep.

Madison slid off of Katies body and stood next to the lounge. Katie stood and grabbed her hand. She walked over to the side of the pool and pushed her in. She heard a quick squeal and then a pretty head pop out of the water with dark hair all over her face. Katie jumped in and made a huge splash. She grabbed the girl from behind and felt her strong young body. She grabbed her head and dunked her again. She saw the girl scramble away; she loved the look of her legs as she swam away. Madison made it to the side and looked back at Katie.

What was that? Madison said.

It just looked like your head needed a rinsing. In fact, it still looks dirty. Katie said and started to move towards the girl.

Katie heard her squeal again and start to swim away. She followed her and watched her scramble up the steps and sit on the side of the pool. Katie swam up to her and grabbed her calves.

We should probably take a shower and get ready for bed. Shit, did you have any homework? Katie said and Madison giggled.

Hell of a time to think of that. Madison answered and smiled.

Young lady, language? Katie said.

Sorry Mom. Madison answered and suddenly realized what she said.

No, I didnt have any tonight. I am all caught up. She said quickly.

Katie held onto the young calves and looked at the little girl sitting naked on the side of her pool. Mom? Yeah, she had not really been acting very much like a Mom the last few hours.

Good, you may have to remind us, we have never had to think of that. Katie said.

No worries. Do you think we should put our clothes back on? Madison said, suddenly realizing she was just sitting there naked in their backyard.

I dont know, I kind of like it. If feels free and you are so pretty to look at, it would be ashamed to cover any of that up. Katie said and pulled herself up and kissed the girl softly on the lips.

Madison loved the feel of Katies lips, she figured she just liked the feel of Katie now that she thought about it. She broke the kiss and looked at the pretty girl, water dripping off her perfect face.

You are so naughty, I think you are corrupting me, I may forget one day and go to school naked. Madison said.

Well, you would be really popular. Katie said and smiled.

Madison leaned back and put her hands on the pool deck and thought of what would happen if she did go to school naked. What would her teachers think? The guy teachers would definitely love it, now that she thought of it the lady teachers might like it as well. She smiled as she let her imagination run wild.

Katie rubbed herself under the water as she looked at the young girl leaning back. God, she was gorgeous. Those boobs looked perfect sitting atop her chest and that little tummy was precious. She also loved her long dark hair as it hung from her head, dripping water still. She ran her hands up the soft legs and then moved between her legs. She kissed a stiff little nipple and Madisons eyes snapped open. She watched the pretty girl lick and suck on her nipple. She felt the electricity start to rip through her young body again.

Katie could not stop touching and kissing the young girl, she was like a drug and she just wanted more and more. She kissed the other nipple and then started to kiss down the tight body. She felt Madison shiver and then lay back on the pool deck. She felt the hands on her head, and she continued to kiss down towards the promised land.

Madison was in ecstasy again; Katie was so good at firing her up. She felt like she could do this forever. Could someone actually do this forever? Her thoughts were jumbled as Katies mouth worked its magic down her body. She gasped as Katie kissed between her legs. She absolutely loved this feeling. She squeezed the girls head and pulled it into her. She felt the warm tongue slide up into her again. It was indeed magical as it slid all around her sensitive young pussy. She wrapped her legs around Katie and held on.

Katie loved her taste and tried to get deep to get the sweetest nectar. She felt the girls juices on her face as she dove deeper. She pulled back and flicked her tongue over the little clit. The girl gasped and her upper body lifted off the pool deck. Katie sucked on the small bud and then bit it gently. She heard a small scream and then the young body stared to shake. Katie held onto the powerful hips and rode out another teen orgasm.

Brad held the phone again as he rubbed his sore cock. This was too fast, he thought. He needed her to stay young, if Katie stayed between her legs too long, he would lose her. She would think of nothing but Katies mouth and he would lose his princess. In the meantime, this was so fucking hot as he recorded another orgasm.

Madison shivered one last time and then her body seemed to shut down. Long day at school, hard track practice, multiple orgasms and she was done. She felt her mind stop and she felt herself drop into a deep sleep. Her arms slipped off Katies head and landed on the pool deck.

Katie felt the young legs relax and fall open around her. She pulled back and made sure her chest was still moving. She looked over at Brad.

Well, now you broke her. He said and smiled.

Sorry. She said in a cute voice and laid her head on the young girls stomach.

Brad got up and walked over. He leaned over and pushed some hair off of the young face. Her eyes were still closed, and her chest was moving slowly with her breathing. He touched Katie and rubbed her head.

We have to get her to bed. Brad said softly.

I know. Katie said, still laying across her stomach.

Katie pulled herself slowly off the small body. Brad slid his hands under the girl and lifted her easily. She was so light. Her head leaned against his body. Her arms flopped down, and her legs hung limply in his arms. He started walking carefully towards the house. He felt her move a little and her head was now against his chest and her arms were folded over her chest.

He brought her to her bedroom and Katie put a towel on the bed. He put her on the towel, and he saw her eyes flicker open. He felt Katie walk behind him as he started to dry her off. He saw Katie open a drawer and pull out a pair of small white panties. She threw them to him. He slipped them over her cute feet and slid them up the powerful young legs. They fit her snugly. He turned and Katie was holding her night shirt. They put it over her head, and she slid her arms through.

Thank you, Mr. Thompson, I am so tired. Madison said.

You had a long day sweetie. Brad said.

Yeah, I did. Did daddy call? She said.

Yes, he did. You were sleeping. Why dont you call him before you go to sleep? He said and held out his phone.

Thanks. She said and took the phone.

Ok, we will see you in the morning. Brad said and leaned over and kissed her gently.

He walked out and Katie sat down beside her. Madison felt her push some hair behind her ear.

You are so precious. Did you have a good time today? Katie said.

Oh yes, it was wonderful. Thank you for letting me stay here. Madison said.

Baby girl, it is literally our pleasure. Good night sweetie. Katie said and kissed the girl.

Madison felt Katies lips leave hers slowly and she looked up at the pretty girl. She felt like she would need those kisses for the rest of her life. She had only known about them for a couple of days but now she didnt know what she would do if they stopped. Katie stood and walked out.

Madison dialed her daddys number and he answered on the first ring.

Mr. Thompson? She heard her daddys voice.

No, daddy, its me. She said.

Madison, sweetheart, I miss you so much. Henry said.

I miss you too daddy. How many more days? She asked.

Six more baby, I am coming home late next Tuesday night. Henry said.

Thats a lot. She said.

I know but it will be here before you know it. What did you do today? He said.

School was same ole, track practice was really hard. We had pizza and wings by the pool, and Katie and I swam a little. She said, leaving out a few things.

That sounds fun. You keep focusing on the fun and I will be back before you know it. He said.

Daddy, you wont be able to be at the meet on Saturday. You have never missed one before. She said and he heard her voice crack and his heart broke.

Honey, you know I would be there if I could, I am so sorry. Brad said Katie would be there for sure. He said.

Yeah, that will be good. She said and he could hear the sadness, he took a deep breath.

Baby, you need to go to sleep, you need your beauty sleep. You wouldnt want to turn into a troll. He said and she giggled. His heart felt much better hearing that laugh.

Would you love me even if I was a troll? She said.

Absolutely, but I would have to lock you in the basement. He said, more laughing.

There is my girl, I love you baby. I will see you very soon. Stay strong. Henry said.

I will daddy. I love you too. She said.

Good night baby. Henry said.

Good night daddy. She said.

He held the phone to his chest after he hung up. He hoped he could make it 6 more days without her. He thought about the new job and how much it would allow him to give her what she deserved, and he took a deep breath.

Madison put the phone on her nightstand and snuggled under the covers. She didnt realize how much she missed her daddy. She had been a little distracted as she thought about how much her life had changed over the last 4 days. What would the next 6 be like? She was barely able to think about that before sleep washed over her.

Katie walked out and closed the door, feeling the soft lips still on hers. She wondered if she would be able to make it without those kisses. Katie walked slowly into their bedroom and looked at Brad laying on the bed. His eyes were closed, and it was only 8:00. She dropped her clothes and climbed onto the bed and snuggled up to him. She ran her hand into his shorts and felt his limp cock. She smiled and pulled off his shorts and adjusted herself so she could look at him and put her head in his lap. She licked the soft cock and kissed the head. She felt his warm hand move onto her thigh.

So, how did she taste? Katie said and sucked his soft cock into her mouth.

You were right, just like candy. It was amazing. He said and felt his poor cock start to fill with blood again.

And you would not believe how good she was between my legs. She is like an expert already. Katie said and licked his cock again.

Well, she had a good teacher. Brad said and patted her thigh.

Do you think we went too far? Katie said.

Oh god, I hope not, but I agree with you, she is hard to resist. Brad said.

I am like addicted to her. Katie said, stroking Brads cock.

Yeah, me too, but we may have to slow down a little. He said.

I know, I know, but she is so fucking delicious. Katie said and sat up on his legs, his cock now hard again.

Brad felt her slide her steaming pussy over his cock. She sat up a bit and then lined him up and sunk down on him. He felt like he was sliding into fire, she was so hot. He loved the feeling of her pussy as it gripped him. As many times as he had fucked her over the last 8 years, she still felt like she did the first time he drilled the cute little 17-year-old waitress. She sat on him and stared into his eyes.

Someone is hard for the third time in the last two hours. She said in a small voice.

Yeah, what did you expect when you put that magic mouth to work. He said and she giggled.

Why thank you sir. She said and wiggled her ass.

I am thinking of cancelling the meeting on Friday. I think she needs a day off and she has a meet on Saturday morning. Brad said.

Who did you have scheduled for Friday? She said.

Simpson inc. He said.

Oh fuck, he is a real prick. Are you sure you want to use her with him? She said.

Yeah, I think she can handle it. We have the Johnson account tomorrow. We will see how she does. He said.

Is that the one with the little slimy lawyer? She said.

Yeah, but the old man still makes all the decisions and I think we can influence him with a couple of buttons. He said and she felt his cock lurch a little.

You are loving this, you like putting her in front of those old perverts. She said.

It was all about business at first. When we went to their house and I saw her in that little black dress, I immediately saw the potential. Then when she didnt flinch as I was playing around between her legs under the table during dinner, I started to see the dollar signs. He said.

You said at first, now what is it? She said and wiggled on his cock.

Now it is really exciting to see her in those situations. We are making money, but I have to admit it was hot as fuck watching Jenkins feel her up. I took her on the catwalk today. He said.

The catwalk in the warehouse? She asked.

Yep. He said.

Oh fuck, that is hot. She said and closed her eyes.

I want to try for the Barr account again. He said.

Really? I thought that was all but done. She said.

Yeah, so did I. I have tried everything with him, and he still said I had to sweeten the deal. Well, now I think I can. He said.

Isnt that a huge deal? She asked.

Yeah, biggest one we have ever tried for. 18 million for 5 years. The biggest deal we have ever signed was 2 million. It is in a totally different league and would solidify us for a long time. He said.

Wow, what kind of guy is he? She asked.

Just like all the rest, fat and horny, but he is sharp and tough and doesnt stand for bullshit. However, I am thinking a cute yellow sundress may just move the needle over to us. He said.

God, that is hot, you are right. She said and started moving up and down on him.

You will be the death of me girl. He said as he felt her pussy squeeze his sore cock.

And you will die smiling. She said as she felt his cock spray her insides again with warmth.

Katie leaned over and put her head on his chest. He put his arms around her and they both fell asleep at 8:30 on a Wednesday night.


