The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

The Party

Clifford was standing naked in the twins bedroom. Normally he would 
be delighted to be in this position but this was bordering on 
embarrassing. He stood perfectly still as the two young blondes 
circled him, inspecting his body and making comments on what they saw.

Well that will have to go.

Yes I agree. Tracy reached up and took Cliffords thick rimmed 
glasses off. He blinked to try to clear his blurred vision but it was 
a lost cause. Without his glasses he was as blind as a bat.

Who chose these ugly things Clifford? Tracy turned the glasses over 
in her hands and pulled a face at them. Honestly, you could have 
gotten something a lot better than these. Not to worry though. Here, 
try these. She handed him a small plastic container.

What are they? Clifford could see printing on the small white box 
but could not read it through the haze.

Contact lenses. And dont bother asking how I got the prescription, a 
girl has to have some secrets. She dropped a wink at Cliff that he 
missed completely.
He opened the box and felt one of the small disks under his fingers. 
They where moist to the touch and he felt it stick to the pad of his 
finger. Clifford lifted it up to his eye and gently positioned it into 
place. He blinked a few times and was surprised to find that it stayed 
glued to his eyeball. Closing his unclad eye he found that he could 
see quite clearly. With a smile he quickly put the remaining lens in 
place. 

Do you have a mirror? he asked Stacy. She handed one to him and he 
looked at his naked face clearly for the first time in his life.

Thats a big improvement isnt it Tracy? He is beginning to look 
normal. Now what are we going to do about that hair? Its so greasy. 
Dont you ever shampoo Cliffy? She reached up and almost touched his 
hair before pulling her hand away and making a big show of wiping it 
on her top.

Of course I wash it. Every day in fact. Its not my fault my glands 
are pushing out oil by the barrel load.

Well at least your face has cleared up. I wonder what caused that? 
Stacy gave him a mischievous smile. But we really have to do 
something about that hair. Tracy could you hand me that gel? Stacy 
went to work on Cliffords hair with the gel and an old brush. In a 
matter of minutes she had his hair under some semblance of control. 

There, all done. Damn Cliffy you look almost human now. That just 
leaves the clothing. She walked over to the bed and opened a large 
shopping bag that was sitting on it. She reached in and started 
pulling out clothes that she then handed to Clifford. 

Here put these on. I think the colour should suit you. Clifford put 
the clothes on and stood in front of the girls.

So? How do I look? Do you think I could get into the party now?

The twins looked at him and nodded in unison. 

You look perfect Clifford, said Tracy as she ran her eyes up and 
down his body. Do you have the brew with you? 

The brew in question was an aphrodisiac called Spanish Fly that Cliffy 
had put together for the girls a few days ago. He and Tracy had then 
tested it on Kerry and Ian with favourable results (Twins 2 --- 
another shameless plug ---). He bent down and patted a small gym bag 
at his feet.

Yes I have it right here. Just remember though, you only need a few 
drops. He looked pointedly at Stacy. She had used half a bottle on 
Kerry and Ian. They still hadnt been seen at school and rumours where 
running rife about what happened to them. Stacy had started most of 
those rumours.

Okay then Clifford, grab the bag and we will be on our way. Janet 
wont know what hit her. Tracy laughed at the thought of what was in 
store. Her sister had dared her to get Janet to screw Willy, or Free 
Willy as he was known at school. Willy had a weight problem. A bit 
like the way Bill Clinton had a problem keeping his dick to himself. 
There was a rumour going around school that Willy had broken the 
scales in the school infirmary. Stacy could take credit for that one 
too. Stacy could take credit for a lot of the rumours that floated 
around Piermont High.

They grabbed their stuff and where heading out the door when Clifford 
stopped them.

Arent we forgetting something? he asked.

What?

How are we going to get Willy to the party? Or inside for that 
matter.

Tracy walked up to Clifford and draped her arms around his neck.

That is your problem Clifford. We can get you into the party but in 
return you have to get Willy there. You dont have to get him inside, 
well handle that. But you have to find a way of getting him there. Do 
you think you can handle that Clifford?

Yeah I think I might know a way of doing it. Come on, lets get 
going.

And with that the trio walked out the front door.


Willy was hungry. Actually he was starving. He hadnt eaten anything 
since lunch and now it looked like dinner was going to be late because 
his mother was still at bingo. He opened the refrigerator to see what 
was in there to eat.

Damn, he muttered to himself. Nothing edible. All he could see was 
some tupperware containers that contained several different varieties 
of salads. His mother was on a health kick again. Willy hated it when 
she did this. He opened the crisper draw and saw a solitary apple. He 
contemplated eating it but decided against it. Healthy food was not 
really something he was fond of. His four basic food groups consisted 
of burgers, fries, chocolate and Coke. Anything else just wasnt good 
enough. It had taken him years but he had finally managed to put his 
metabolism into a coma.

Maybe theres some Spam in the cupboard he said to no one in 
particular. He was about to open it when the doorbell rang. Hoping 
against hope that the Ice cream man now made door to door deliveries 
he rushed to the front door and opened it. Before him stood a person 
that looked vaguely familiar. He thought he looked a bit like Clifford 
only a lot cooler. He scrunched his face up as he thought hard about 
who this stranger could be.

Hello Willy.

Clifford?

Yep. How are you Willy?

Oh Im ok. A little hungry at the moment but Mum will be home soon. 
What happened to you Clifford? You look

Dont worry about it Willy. We need you to do something for us.

Us? He looked around Clifford to the car parked outside his house.

Is that who I think it is? He could hardly believe his eyes. 
Clifford was with Tracy and Stacy. How on earth did he manage to hook 
up with those two?

Yes it is Willy. Now we have a problem and you are just the person to 
help us out.

What sort of problem?

Well you know the party thats on tonight at Janets house?

Yes. But Im not invited. I dont really fit in with that crowd.

Dont worry about it Willy. You see, there is going to be a pie 
eating contest at the party tonight. Clifford draped an arm around 
Willies shoulder and started to lead him towards the car.

And youre our secret weapon.

Really?

Yes really. You and I both know that no one could ever beat you in a 
pie eating contest.

Well I try my best. Willy was blushing under Cliffords praise. They 
reached the car and Clifford opened the back door for him.

Hop in Willy. I guarantee that you are going to get some mighty fine 
pie tonight. He watched as Willy forced his large frame in the back 
of the car then walked around to the drivers side and slid behind the 
wheel.

You ok back there Willy?

Yes thanks. Its a little cramped but Im used to that. He turned to 
the pretty blonde sitting next to him. Hi.

Hi Willy. Im Stacy and thats my sister Tracy in the front with 
Cliffy. Im so glad you could come with us tonight. We really want to 
win this contest. Tracy more than any of us. Isnt that right Tracy? 
She winked at her twin in the front seat and Tracy winked back.

What kind of pie eating contest is it?

What kind of contest Willy?

I mean what flavour pies are they using?

Hair pie mumbled Clifford. Tracy leaned over and gave him a punch on 
the arm.

Shh you big idiot: she practically hissed into his ear. She didnt 
want anything to go wrong with her plan. Tracy had put a lot of time 
and effort into this caper and the last thing she wanted was for Willy 
to get cold feet and make a run for it.

Willy had heard Clifford say something and saw the way Tracy had 
reacted. He was always suspicious of people being nice to him, it 
usually meant that they were setting him up for something. But he knew 
Clifford was in the same boat as him. Or at least he used to be. 
Clifford looked totally different to how he usually was at school. The 
fact that the twins were hanging around him was a reason to be wary. 
He decided to go along for now, but would keep his eye open for the 
slightest hint of a set up. He turned away from the occupants of the 
car and watched the sleepy neighbourhood sweep by outside.


 The four arrived at the party at around nine oclock. Things where 
just starting to warm up and even at the end of the street Clifford 
could hear the music blaring from the stereo. They parked the car a 
few streets away; to get a park any closer would have been impossible. 
Just as they got to the front of Janets house Stacy grabbed Willy and 
led him down an alley which ran along the back of the house. Tracy and 
Clifford proceeded to the front door where they were greeted by the 
host herself.

Tracy, glad you could make it. Is this your date? She looked at 
Clifford and he was glad to see she didnt recognise him.

It certainly is. His name is Raphael. Hes Italian.

Clifford opened his mouth to say hello but Tracy cut him off.

He doesnt speak English Im afraid. But we call him the Italian 
Stallion.

Oh really? Why is that?

Because he is hung like a horse. Come on Raph. And before Janet 
could reply Tracy dragged Clifford inside.

Once they got inside Clifford managed to whisper to Tracy without 
anyone overhearing.

Italian?

Well if you had spoken to her she would have recognised your voice 
Clifford. Now come on, we have to get around the back to let Stacy and 
Willy in. And for gods sake, dont lose that brew.

Clifford patted the flask that he had under his jacket. He had poured 
a few drops of the brew into it in the car before they had picked up 
Willy. The rest of the flask was filled with Bourbon. They made their 
way out the back door and around the pool to the gate in the back 
fence. Tracy swung it open to reveal Stacy and Willy. 
Willy looked around suspiciously. This was not the way one arrived at 
a pie-eating contest. Not that he had ever been to one but he guessed 
that protocol would dictate arriving at the front door, not scrambling 
down an alley and waiting for someone inside to open the back door. 
This was how you snuck into a theatre without paying.

I dont know about this. This is giving me a bad feeling.

Oh relax Willy. Stacy was trying her best placate him. If he ran she 
would win and Tracy, who would be unable to complete the dare, would 
be her slave for life. But she wanted to see Janet with a mouth full 
of Willy even more than have her own personal slave.

We told you before you are our secret weapon. We cant let them see 
you till the contest is about to begin. We have money bet on you so 
you better win.

So that was it, thought Willy. He understood now that their motives 
were sneaky and underhanded. It made him feel a lot better knowing 
they were just using him. It meant that he knew where he stood.

Ok Willy hide in here, said Tracy as she opened the pool house door. 
When the contest is about to begin we will come and get you ok? She 
closed the door before Willy could respond. Tracy turned to Stacy.

Oh by the way, this is our Italian friend Raphael, she said pointing 
at Clifford. He doesnt speak English.

Ooh Ive never had an Italian before. How about it Raphy baby? Want 
to break my European cherry?

Hmm let me think about it. Clifford paused for exactly one second. 
Okay.

Tracy fumed at the both of them.

We have a job to do here. There will be no fucking till the fat man 
cums. Got it?

Clifford and Stacy looked down at their shoes, blushing under the gaze 
of Tracy.

Okay they said in unison.

All right then. Now lets go back to the party and find Janet. I want 
to get this over and done with. She turned and walked back to the 
house.
Clifford and Stacy looked at each other, a playful smile gracing both 
their faces. Then they joined hands and skipped merrily after Tracy.


Janet was looking for that tall Italian hunk that Tracy had brought 
with her. She dearly wanted to know if what Tracy had said was true. 
Janet had a weakness for big cocks. She just couldnt get enough of 
them. It was her fantasy to be fucked by a group of well hung studs, 
each one taking his turn to pound her pussy till she begged for mercy. 
Not that she ever would beg. She could keep going long after they had 
passed out. She saw the twins and that hunk walk in through the back 
door. She dearly hoped that she could get him alone. It would just be 
her luck if Tracy took him to a private room and spent the night 
riding him. Janet knew that Tracy also liked huge cocks and they were 
very competitive about it.
She almost clapped her hands with joy as the trio split up and started 
moving through the crowd. She made a beeline for Raphael and 
intercepted him just as he was about to enter the kitchen. She made a 
point of accidentally bumping into him and took the opportunity to 
quickly try to feel his dick. She was pleased to discover that Tracy 
had not lied.

Oh Im terribly sorry about that Raphael. You must think Im such an 
oaf. She batted her eyes at him and did her best to appeal to him.

Clifford was a bit embarrassed about the way Janet had felt him up. It 
was obvious to him what she had in mind. He was about to speak when he 
remembered that he wasnt supposed to know any English. His mind raced 
back to the time he had found some Italian phrases on a website. He 
hoped that he could remember them properly.

Desidero avervi sesso con.

Oh I love the sound of a sexy Italian voice, cooed Janet as she led 
him into the kitchen. It just makes me sooo hot. She opened the 
pantry door and led him inside.
Clifford was surprised to see that it was almost as big as his 
bedroom.

Speak some more Italian to me you sexy hunk. Janet started to 
seductively rub her body against him.

Potete avete messo le vostre caviglie dietro i vostri orecchi?

Oh god that turns me on. Janet reached down and quickly undid his 
fly. In a matter of seconds Cliffords cock was exposed to the air. 
She slowly sank to her knees before him.


Tracy was getting annoyed now. She couldnt find Janet anywhere. If 
they didnt find her soon Willy was bound to get tired of waiting and 
leave. She under estimated Willies penchant for pie. She saw her 
sister standing next to the punch bowl and made her way over there. 
She arrived just in time to see Stacy pour some liquid into the bowl.

Stacy dear, I have a feeling that the punch was spiked a long time 
before we got here.

Well then a little more wouldnt hurt now would it? Did you find 
Janet?

No I cant find her anywhere. Maybe Clifford has had better luck. 
Have you seen him?

No. I think he was going to check the kitchen but I havent seen him 
since. Want to go check?

Sure. They made their way into the kitchen but found it was 
deserted. They were about to leave when they heard moaning coming from 
the pantry. Tracy swung open the door to find Janet impaled on 
Cliffords cock and riding him for all he was worth. Clifford looked 
like he was having anything but fun. In fact he looked like a mongoose 
had mistaken his dick for a cobra. Tracy closed the door before either 
of them noticed she was there. She tried to control herself as she 
turned to Stacy.

Well I found Clifford. And it looks like he found Janet. Or she found 
him. Well just wait for them to finish. They went to the 
refrigerator and found some soft drinks and cake to munch on while 
they waited. Fifteen minutes later the pantry door swung open and 
Clifford and Janet stepped into the kitchen. Janet saw Tracy and 
walked over to her.

Oh my god Tracy, where have you been hiding this boy? He was 
incredible. You have to let me borrow him again someday.

If you think hes good you should try Stacys boyfriend. He makes 
Raphael look small.

My boyfriend? What are you. Stacy was shushed by a look from Tracy 
that could of frozen fire.

Yes, your boyfriend. The one you left in the pool house. Tracy 
turned back to Janet. You would just love him. Hes got a cock you 
just wouldnt believe.

Really? Well I dont know, I mean I could always go another round 
with Raphael here.

Desiderate sedersi sul mio rubinetto? Clifford was really getting 
into this Italian stuff.

Doesnt he just have the sexiest voice?

Yes he does Janet. I guess you can have him if you want. Stacy and I 
will be in the pool house having the fuck of our lives. See you 
later. The twins turned and headed for the door. They didnt get far.

Wait. Why dont we all go. We could share them.

Tracy felt a smile start to cross her lips.

Good idea. Lets celebrate with a drink shall we? Raphael?

Clifford reached into his jacket and pulled out the flask. He handed 
it to Tracy who in turn handed it to Janet.
Janet took a sip of the Bourbon and liked what she tasted. She offered 
it to the twins but they declined.

No thanks, said Tracy, we filled up on Coke.

Janet took the flask and drained it in a gulp.  She could feel its 
warmth explode in her stomach. It gave her a feeling that she quite 
enjoyed.

Okay folks, lets go get some. The foursome made their way out to 
the pool house.


As they reached the pool area Tracy pulled Clifford back so she could 
talk to him.

Have a nice fuck did we?

Well its not like I had any choice in the matter. She practically 
raped me.

Oh yeah I could see you where desperate to get away from her. It must 
have been terrible having a gorgeous girl fuck your brains out like 
that.

Oh come on Tracy, I never wanted to screw her. She just jumped me. I 
had to cum in self defence.

Whatever Clifford. I dont want to know about it.

Oh my God. Are you jealous? The thought that Tracy was jealous of 
Janet screwing him made Clifford stop and think. Maybe Tracy had 
feelings for him after all. He would have to talk to her about it 
later. But for now they had reached the pool house and the real fun 
was about to begin.
Stacy opened the door and stood back to allow Janet to enter first.

Willy! called Stacy. Its pie-eating time.

Willy? asked Janet turning to Stacy. Not Free Willy

The one and only, declared Stacy as she shoved Janet through the 
door. With a flourish she slammed the door shut and locked it. And 
thats that. Well I am going back inside to see whats happening with 
the punch.

Stacy what did you put in the punch? Tracy had remembered seeing her 
sister spike it.

Oh just a little something to spice up the party. The same thing that 
you gave to Janet.

You didnt.

I did.

No way.

Yes way.

Holy shit.

Yup, giggled Stacy. She went back to the party while Tracy and 
Clifford made their way to the windows of the pool house.


Janet was furious. How dare they lock her in here with this fat fuck? 
Did they have any idea what she would do to them when she got out? She 
absent-mindedly started rubbing her breasts.

Ill bet this is because I fucked her boyfriend. Stupid cow hates it 
when I get the better of her. And Ill bet I was a better lay than she 
was. I think Ill screw Raphael again when I get out of here. In fact, 
I think Ill tie that bitch up and make her watch us do it. That will 
teach her. I cant wait to see her face as I slide that huge cock into 
my pussy, and then start to ride him like an Italian Stallion should 
be ridden. Oh it will be so good, watching her twist and turn in her 
bonds, aching to get loose while I cum again and again.

Willy was watching Janet with mounting fear. She looked pissed as she 
spoke to herself. But she also appeared to be getting off on what she 
was saying and thinking. He watched as she slid her hand between her 
legs and started rubbing.

My God, he thought. I think she going to get herself off right in 
front of me. Willy could feel himself getting hard.

Janet was indeed getting off but her thoughts of revenge where all 
that filled her conscious mind. Without even realising what she was 
doing she stripped off her clothing so she had better access to her 
body. A body that was now aflame with primitive animal lust.
She imagined Tracy straining at her ropes as she fucked Raphael with 
the passion of an untamed beast. She could feel that huge cock inside 
her, filling her tight little pussy to the point of overflowing. Her 
nipples tingled as she imagined him reaching up and twisted them 
savagely.
Her mind might have been occupied with Raphael but her body was an 
entity unto itself. Her left hand pinched and pulled at her nipples 
while her right was permanently fixed to her hungry cunt. She thrust 
two fingers deep inside herself as her juices flooded out over her 
hand and down her thighs. Janet started to rapidly finger fuck 
herself, her mind filled with thoughts of lust and torture. Her hips 
bucked against her hand as her body was devoured by a monstrous 
orgasm. Waves of overwhelming sensations crashed over her, pushing all 
thoughts from her head as she succumbed to the pleasure.


Now thats and orgasm. Clifford had his nose pressed up against the 
window, watching the show inside.

But why isnt she fucking Willy? Is this stuff going to work on her 
or not Clifford? Tracy was getting worried. The dare had involved 
Janet screwing Willy, not her own hand. She had a bad feeling about 
this. It was starting to look like she would be Stacys slave for the 
rest of her life.

Dont worry about it Tracy. She will. She has only just gotten 
started. Stacy should be here to see this though. I wonder what shes 
doing?


Stacy was in the main house watching a very interesting show. The 
punch she had spiked was completely gone. And judging by what she saw 
everyone had drunk a glass or two. A sea of bodies lay before her. 
Everywhere she looked there were couples fucking, threesomes fucking, 
foursomes fucking. There was even one girl near the stereo who had 
five guys jerking off over her while another girl ate her out. Stacy 
slowly scanned the crowd, taking note of couplings for the future. The 
girl that was getting a cum bath was one of the head cheerleaders, 
that bit of knowledge would come in handy. And wasnt that the two 
best players on the football team gobbling each others cocks?

Damn, I should be writing this down. She spied a notepad and pen on 
a nearby coffee table and grabbed it before the couple screwing on the 
ornate furniture could roll on top of it again. She started taking 
down notes.

School captain getting herself well and truly fucked by the school 
drug dealer as she sucks the band leaders cock. Head cheerleader 
being nailed by five of the football team. I always thought those two 
where gay. Captain of the football team has really small dick. She 
closed the notebook after filling a couple of pages and placed it in 
her small bag, right next to the empty coke bottle she had used to 
spike the punch with.

Lets see whats happening with Janet and Willy she said to herself 
and walked back towards the pool house.



Willy was getting worried. He had just watched Janet bring herself to 
orgasm and then collapse against the wall, unconscious. He moved 
slowly towards her naked form, his erection forgotten for now.

Janet? Are you ok? Do you need a doctor or something? He was about 
to reach down and give her a gentle shake when her eyes flew open and 
locked with his.
Willy was no longer worried.
Willy was scared shitless.


Whats happening? Stacy had just arrived back at the pool house and 
looked through the same window Tracy and Clifford where at.

Sshh, hissed Tracy. Its about to get good.

All three watched in awe as Janet leapt on Willy. Willy let out a 
shriek of terror before it was abruptly cut off by Janets tongue 
forcing its way down his throat. She pushed him to the ground and tore 
open his shirt. Willies man boobs wobbled as he shook with fright. 
Janets eyes lit up when she saw them and instantly latched on to one 
of his nipples, sucking it like a newborn.

Well this is interesting. I guess she likes tits no matter who owns 
them. Stacy giggled at her own joke. Did you hear me? I said she 
likes tits. Even man tits.

Will you shut up? I cant hear whats going on in there. Tracy was 
on edge. The dare would not be completed until Willy had his cock in 
Janets puss. She would not relax until that happened.
Meanwhile Janet was removing Willies pants with her teeth. She freed 
his cock from their confines and watched as it popped up like a tiny 
soldier coming to attention. She looked up at Willy, then fell on it 
like a hungry dog. 
Willy let out a yelp that quickly turned to a moan of pleasure. He 
grabbed Janet by the hair and forced her head down on his cock.

Wow he sure learns fast, said Clifford, genuinely impressed. I 
think he is actually enjoying himself now.

Willy was indeed enjoying himself. He had never done it with a girl 
before. To be honest they had always scared him. He thought that all 
women were as overbearing as his mother was. But he had no idea that 
there could be so much pleasure to be had from a woman taking control 
of him. He lay back and let Janets mouth work on his cock. Willy 
thought that maybe he could get to enjoy this sex stuff. He knew what 
an orgasm was, he had played with himself a couple of times in the 
shower, but his hand had never been as good as this. And his hand had 
never sucked on his breasts like that either. He wished he could get 
her to do that again. He felt that familiar feeling in his loins and 
was disappointed that it would all be over soon. He ran his fingers 
through Janets hair and groaned as he began to shoot.

Oh no hes cuming, cried Tracy. Now Ill never complete the dare. 
Im doomed to be a slave for life.

Dont worry sis, Ill be a benevolent master. Now be a good slave and 
rub my feet, they hurt terribly.

Oh shut up you cow.

Tsk, tsk, is that any way to talk to your master? Stacy was really 
enjoying this. She could imagine Tracy waiting on her hand and foot.

I am not rubbing your feet.

Would you rather give Willy a blow job?

Oh for Christs sake. Ok Ill rub your damned hoof then. She started 
to bend down but Clifford grabbed her by the shoulder.

Hold on a sec Tracy. Janet hasnt finished yet.

Tracy looked back through the window again to see that Clifford was 
right. Janet was still sucking Willies cock, a cock that was still 
rock hard.


Willy was amazed that Janet had not stopped. She had gulped down his 
cum and kept right on sucking.

Shes a sucking machine, he said to himself. Janet the Electrolux.

Janet must have heard him because she stopped her sucking and looked 
up at him. She released his cock with a plop and smiled at him. 
Without a word she got up and squatted over his dick, her juices 
raining down on it.

Are you ready now Willy? I hope so.  Because I am going to fuck your 
brains out. She dropped like a stone, impaling herself on him. 
Willies mind reeled with a newfound pleasure. He watched as she 
started to bounce on him like a small child bounces on their parents 
bed. He could swear that he heard cheering but decided it was just his 
mind playing tricks on him. He reached up and grabbed Janet by the 
arms. Willy pulled her down so that her face was pressed against his 
breasts. Janet got the hint and started to suck greedily on them, one 
by one.


Outside the pool house Tracy was jumping and cheering. 

I win, I win. In your face bitch. She waggled her finger at her twin 
sister to emphasise her point.

Alright, you dont have to rub it in. Stacy was a little upset that 
she had lost but there would be other dares.
Tracy walked over to Clifford who was watching the proceedings with 
bemusement.

Where did you learn Italian? 

I found some phrases on a website.

Tracy draped her arms around his neck and looked into his eyes.

Say something to me in Italian.

Desidero leccare il vostro pussy.

Mmm. Janet was right. You have a sexy Italian voice. Doesnt he 
Stacy?

Yes he does. Stacy knew where this was leading and moved closer to 
the pair.

Raphael? asked Tracy

Si?

Were horny. Take us home and fuck us.

S i miei amori.


Well thats it. I hope you enjoyed this episode of Twins. Took us a 
while but we got there in the end.
What will happen next week?
Beats me. I only write this stuff.
But whatever happens there is one thing we know for sure.
Someone is gonna get laid.

 Authors note. All the Italian phrases that Cliffy used in this story 
where obtained by using Altavistas translation service. If any of the 
phrases dont work properly blame them, not me. I wouldnt know 
Italian if it jumped up and bit me on the.
Well you get the idea.


