Smile for the Camera!
by superevil7

Chapter 3

John's plans for the girls were coming together nicely. Both of them had now seemingly accepted his demand that they be naked when he wanted, and Kerry had even jerked him off at his request. He was excited to see how much more he could get them to do. This night was certainly going to be a memorable one.

The girls decided on tacos for dinner. Kerry had already had pizza, and Nancy had a burger for lunch, so it was the only logical choice left. John made the order with his phone, and informed the girls that the food would arrive in about 20 minutes.

“I’m, uh, gonna go use the bathroom.” Kerry said to the siblings. Now that there was a bit of calm while they waited for the food, she was going to take her own quick break. Her mom had given her permission to stay at Nancy’s house for the night, and she knew that Johnny would expect her to be totally naked for the entire time, so she wanted a moment of reprieve.

“Alright, but don’t take too long in there, or we’ll think you’re up to something naughty.” He winked at her, and then laughed. Kerry just scampered out of the room in embarrassment. She wouldn’t admit that the thought had crossed her mind.

Now it was just him and his sister, alone in the room, and he felt like he could address something he had noticed earlier. He whispered, to make sure Kerry wouldn’t overhear, “I don’t mean to embarrass you, Nanc, but I did see what you did.”

Nancy was sitting kiddy corner from him, over on the couch still. “Huh? What? What do you mean?” She wasn’t sure what he was talking about, but the way he was looking at her, with a knowing grin, was making her blush.

“I saw you. Just for a split second, you… Well you flicked the bean.” If Nancy was blushing before, now she looked about as red and bright as a stop light. “It’s ok, Nanc. You don’t need to feel bad about it. I’m just thinking that could be another part of the fun we have tonight, since you seem into it. What do you think? I mean you REALLY look like you could use it. Your nipples are so…”

“I don’t know!” Nancy loudly interrupted him. “I mean, I…”

“Hey, Nanc, you did it in front of me yesterday, right? And Kerry looked like she could use the same thing before she got up. I wanted to ask you in private first. What do you say?”

“Well…” Nancy had to take the time to consider, although she had to admit to herself that she was quite worked up after watching her brother get off again. “I guess I can, but only if Kerry wants to do it too.”

He had to smile after hearing that. “Ok. When there’s a chance, give Kerry and me some privacy and I’ll ask her. That way she’s not too embarrassed to have to answer in front of you.”

Kerry came back a couple minutes after that, and soon the doorbell was going off, announcing the arrival of their food delivery. “Either of you girls want to get that?” John asked in jest as he got up from the love seat. Both girls stared at him in shock, hoping he wasn’t serious. “I’m kidding! I’m kidding!” He laughed, and headed for the door. The girls were safe enough from being seen while on the couch, and waited until John got back before they moved into the kitchen to eat.

“Who got the Chimichanga?” He asked, pulling the containers from the bag.

“I did.” Kerry reached out, and he handed her the box. “Did you get the hot, hot sauce?”

“Ooh, a girl after my own heart.” He said, making her blush again. “I love it spicy!”

“Not me! That stuff burns!” Nancy said, as she found her own container of food, and sat down.

John had situated himself across the table from the two girls, so while they ate, he had an unobstructed view of the girls’ breasts. He had already studied them quite thoroughly earlier, but the way they moved and jiggled around as they took bites of their food, made for good dinner entertainment. It was hard for the girls not to notice him staring, but there was nothing they could do besides let him look. Even if they wanted to cover up, they needed both their hands in order to eat their food, so it was practically impossible for them to do. They also figured Johnny wouldn’t let them get away with it anyway.

Kerry ended up dripping a small bit of hot sauce down onto the cleft of her bare boob, almost in the cleavage. John just gave a laugh, and then reached across the table, scooping it up with his index finger, and then popped it into his mouth. This was the very first time he had touched her. In fact it was the very first time one of her endogenous zones had ever been touched by someone else in her life. To say he had made her cheeks turn rosy again would be an understatement. “Johnny!”

“What?” He looked at her with a shit eating grin.

“ARGH!” She let out a noise of complaint. “You’re incredible!”

“Thanks, I know.” He continued to smirk at her.

Despite her embarrassment, she snorted out a laugh. “Nancy, what are we gonna do with him?” She asked her friend sitting beside her, shaking her head incredulously.

“Don’t look at me.” Nancy shrugged her shoulders, and took another bite of her crunchy taco.

After they were done eating, Nancy took her turn in the bathroom. This left Johnny all alone with Kerry, and he took the opportunity to ask her feelings on agreeing to the same thing his little sister had agreed to earlier. He hoped to ask it in just the right way to get what he wanted. “Kerry, I hope this doesn’t embarrass you.” He began.

“Really? Cause I don’t think I could get any more embarrassed than I already am.”

“Come on. You’ve had some fun, haven’t you?” He smiled.

She hated that his smile could make her knees weak like that. “I guess. Yeah, when you were…” She stopped herself to blush again. “When I got to play with you. It was neat.”

“I didn’t bring this up before, but I noticed that you too were getting pretty excited yourself.”

“What…? No…?” She tried to play it off.

“Kerry, when you got up to use the bathroom, you left a big wet spot on the couch.” He said, flatly.

Her face began burning once again. “I did?” She squeaked out.

“Hey, it’s cool.” He held his hand out, motioning for her to take it. “You saw how excited I got. You did that. Well, you and Nancy. But mostly you. That was the most intense, most powerful, most… it was the greatest cum I’ve ever had!”

“That’s really great, Johnny,” She let out a little giggle. “But why are you telling me this?”

“I want you to be able to have the same experience too.”

“How would I…?” She began asking, but got an idea of what he was getting at.

“You did it in front of me yesterday. Nancy said she wants to do it too. She’s just not sure how you feel about it. Would you mind if she did that in front of us?”

“No, I guess not.” She cast her eyes downwards again.

“Would you like to do it too?”

“Well…”

“It could be at the same time, or you can have your own turn after.”

“I think I’d prefer to go at the same time…”

“Great!” John said with a smile, releasing her hand and getting up from the table. “Then let's go to the living room and you girls can take your turn, and then I’ll go after you.”

“Wait! Johnny! That’s not what I meant!” She chased after him. She almost bumped into Nancy, as she came out of the bathroom.

“What’s going on?” Nancy asked.

Before Kerry could say anything, John answered, “Kerry said she’d be up to playing with herself too.” He happily leapt onto the middle of the couch, then beckoned the girls to come over. Once the girls had moved in front of him, he said, “Don’t be shy now. Go ahead.”

The girls both gave each other a nervous look, not sure if they could actually go through with it. John had once again made things different for the girls, as this time they felt like he wanted them to put on a performance for him. Both of them observed the look on his face, half full of excitement, and half anticipation of what they were about to do. “You girls can start any time you like.”

Kerry looked downward in shame, but it had let her eyes just glimpse something of great interest to her. She slowly brought them back up, confirming what she had just seen. The very tantalizing bulging of his trousers. She felt her face blushing again, but this time the reason was not in embarrassment, but instead in honor. John was just as excited about the prospect of watching her play with herself, as she was about watching him. It gave her the courage to bring her hands up to start massaging her bare sensitive breasts in front of him.

Nancy noticed that her friend had started without her. As she stood there naked in front of her brother, her little clit had continued to scream at her for attention. In fact, when she had gone to the bathroom, she had rubbed it vigorously, only stopping short of cumming. She was worried that her brother or her friend would have found out what she was up to, so forced herself to stop. It had only led to her being more worked up than she had already been. Now she would get the opportunity to do something about it.

John had to adjust himself when his sister spread her legs shoulder width apart, and brought her middle finger down to collect some of her juices, while using her other hand to spread herself open a little. He could see her little clit, poking out with a need to be touched, before she brought her wet finger up to make contact with the little button. “OOOHHH!” One of the girls called out, him thinking it was his sister.

It was actually Kerry, who had gotten so excited when he had adjusted his pants, that she needed to verbalize. She could no longer contain her longing, and now she too spread her legs open in order to caress her own pleasure button, while leaving her left hand to continue to massage her boob and hard sensitive nipple. John had trouble deciding which girl to watch, and just kept flicking his eyes between both girls.

Nancy didn’t last long though. Her trip to the bathroom had left her completely worked up. “Oh! Oh! OH! OH MY! OH MY GOD!” Her knees became weak, and she almost fell down to the floor in her fit of self passion, but she was just able to collapse her body onto the love seat instead. Then she rested her head back, in total bliss, with one arm and one leg dangling off the edge, and her other leg propped up on the arm rest. Once she was able, she took a quick peek through one eye in embarrassment, but her brother now had his full attention on Kerry.

Kerry felt like she was in the spotlight once her friend got off. Her own most pleasurable bits were screaming at her to go faster, but the embarrassment she felt was holding her back. She almost stopped herself in frustration, but then noticed the grin on John’s face. There was no contempt and no judgment in his look, just pure joy. It was enough to set her feelings back on track. She was already physically ready for the release, she just needed her mind to get on board. That’s exactly what happened as she came in spectacular fashion. “YES…! YES…! YES…!” She started to scream. “YEEEEEEEEES!” She exclaimed with force, when she finally made it over that edge. “OOOOOOH FUUUUCK!” Her knees went weak too, and she toppled forward, but John was right there to catch her.

He held her in his lap, as she convulsed and shook from her climax. She kept rubbing at the top of her slit for another minute, until the pleasure got to be too much for her to take anymore. Finally, she slumped, and almost went limp in his arms. “Wow…” He half whispered out to her.

She smiled up at him in contentment, her eyes half drooping as not all of her mental capacities had returned yet. “Fuck yeah.” she commented in her euphoria. Then she began to realize the position she was in. “Johnny!” She scrambled back to her feet, looking just about as sheepish as she ever had. “I’m sorry!”

“Kerry, relax. It’s all good,” he laughed.

Nancy was also giggling at her from her vantage point, still lying back. “Jeez, I think you came even harder than I did!”

“Since when can you use sex words?” Kerry put her hand on her hips, looking at her best friend quizzically.

“After I cum I usually get much more laid-back.” The girl explained. “And this is the third time in two days I have. I’ve never done it this much before.”

“Oh really?” John gave his sister a bold smirk. “How often do you normally do it?”

“Ummm… Well…” Nancy bit the corner of her lip, trying to decide if she should answer honestly or not. She had already done what she had previously thought of as the shameful act in front of him though, so thought there was no reason to lie. “I would say every three to four days, give or take.” She answered.

“Wow, really?” Kerry looked at her in surprise. “I don’t even think I do it that much, and I’ve always been way more open about this stuff than you.”

“How much do you do it?” John asked smugly, looking up and down her naked body again.

“Why should I tell you that!? Why don’t you tell me how much you do it!?” She was trying to act mad, but her real feelings of embarrassment were showing through.

“Let’s make a bet. Let’s both write down on a piece of paper how much we do it, and give it to Nancy. Then we’ll each guess the other’s number.”

“What does the winner get?” She asked, knowing how tricky he could be.

“The winner gets to shave off the pubic hair of the loser.”

“Uh uh. I know how you do this. What happens if we both guess right?”

“Then we will both have to be shaven by the other.” He got up and held his hand towards her. “Deal?”

Despite her skeptical feeling, she accepted the handshake. “Deal.”

John went to retrieve a notepad, and pulled off a sheet for her, and held out a pen to her as well. “Now no cheating. You have to put down your real number.” He said, shaking the pen at her, as if he was a scolding parent.

“I will. You better too!” She snatched the pen from him, giving him a look of frustration. She put the pen to paper, but then thought better of it, and spun herself around so she could be sure he couldn’t see what she was writing.

He laughed at that, taking a good look at her cute little butt, before going to write down his own number. “I don’t know why I’m doing this.” He said as he folded his paper in half and handed it to his sister. “It’s going to be way easier for you to guess what my number is than for me to guess yours.”

Kerry also handed over her half folded paper. “I’ll guess first.” She said, wanting to make sure he couldn’t back out by guessing her number and just calling the bet over.

“Go ahead.” He smirked.

“Before I do, you have to agree to count the equivalent. Like if I guess, once a day, and your number is 7 times a week, that counts.” She said, placing her hands on her hips again.

“Alright. Fine. Is that your guess?”

“Yes.” She said confidently, sure she could at least guess his number correctly. “At least once per day.”

“Uh uh. You have to be exact.” He said, smugly.

“Ugh, fine. Once a day.”

John looked over to his sister. “Well, what’s it say?”

Nancy unfolded the paper. “Once or twice a day, at least.”

“Wait, that means I’m right, right?” The smirk hadn’t left his face, and she wasn’t sure why if he had just lost.

“Yes, that is right.” He turned to his sister. “My guess is every 5 days.”

She opened up the paper. “You’re right too, Johnny.” She looked over at her friend, with an apologetic shrug.

“I don’t get why you are so happy, if you lost too?” She looked at him in confusion.

“I’ll tell you later. When we’re alone.” He gave her a wink, one which made her heart start to palpate again. “Right now I think I need to fulfill another promise I made to you girls. You both wanted me to cum again for you after dinner, right?”

“Oh yeah!” Nancy sat up straighter.

“Definitely.” Kerry gave him a dubious look. She was having trouble understanding his true motives. She took a step forward like she was going to sit back down next to him.

“Actually, Kerry, you just keep standing." He held his palm out at her, and turned to his sister. "It's Nancy's turn. If she wants it."

"You want me to…" His sister's eyes got wide, and she whispered, "jerk you off?"

"It's only fair. Kerry got to do it earlier. Now you can have a turn, if you want." He gave her a little smirk.

Nancy gulped again, but nodded her head. "Yes. I would like to." She got up, and went to sit next to her brother. While she was moving closer to him, he bared himself down to his ankles.

Kerry made a movement like she was going to sit down on the other side of him like last time, but he just held his palm up again. "What!?" She asked, a little annoyed with him.

"You're going to be the entertainment, while Nancy does the work." He smirked up at her.

"Entertainment!?" She looked at him in shock.

"Yeah, I want something nice to look at while I get jerked." He explained. "And you, Kerry, are certainly nice looking. Oh who am I kidding, you're smoking hot!"  She could only blush at him again in a mix of outrage and compliment.

Meanwhile, Nancy was seated right next to him, and had locked her gaze on his bare privates. She wanted nothing more than to get her hands on his rigid cock, but didn't want to get him upset at her. But it was getting to the point where she was getting impatient. "Can I do it now?" She finally asked, never once taking her eyes off of it.

"Hold your horses, Nancy." He said with a chuckle. Then he turned back to Kerry. "You remember that little dance you and Nancy were doing last month?"

"Flossing?" She asked, a bit perplexed.

"Yeah, do that." He smiled up at her.

"Ummm, ok?" She said cautiously, but began doing the dance for him. She blushed about how silly she felt, feeling the way her bare body was jiggling and shaking as she did the dance. Now she knew exactly why he had asked her to dance like this, seeing the lustful look in his eyes.

Johnny was totally enjoying the way Kerry was moving for him. Her hips were rocking back and forth, and her boobs swayed a bit with the movement of the dance. The stance she had taken to do the dance left her legs spread wide open too, and he felt his cock throb in response. "Now you can do it." He said to his sister, in desperate need for his own release, only taking his eyes off of Kerry for a split second to tell her.

He felt the exemplary feeling of his sister's hand wrapping around his hard shaft, and then he could feel the pleasurable sensation as she began trying to jerk him. She was not too skilled at the task at hand though, but was doing the best she could from the information she had learned from watching the last time. "You're being a little rough." He complained.

"Sorry." His sister looked up at him sadly, stopping her hand and just holding him, not sure how she could do it any better.

"It's alright. Sometimes it feels better with a little lotion."

"I have some in my purse!" Kerry gave a cheerful smile at the siblings, quickly going over to pull out the little bottle. She brought it back over and offered it to her friend.

"Thanks Kerry." Nancy smiled a big smile for her help, and squeezed out a large dab of the lotion into her hand. Then she started rubbing it up and down her brother's waiting appendage.

"Mmmm." He groaned, now her hand felt delicious on his needy organ. "That is exactly what we needed."

"Do I have to keep dancing? I was getting kinda tired." Kerry asked, still standing in front of them.

He smiled up at her, feeling almost euphoric as his sister began jerking him once more, this time with the smooth lotion providing the lubricant for the job. His gaze fell upon her bare breasts. "How about you just shake those back and forth for me a little? Mmmmm. I, oh yeah… Don't think it's gonna take me too much longer to, oooh fuck, cum. Ahhh!"

He was right. It only took another few strokes from his sister’s hand, and her pretty friend shaking her titties as he had directed, for him to release spectacularly. "OOH FUCK! OH KERRY! OH NANCY! YOU TWO ARE THE BEST!" He yelled during his ejaculation. “OH GOD!” He continued yelling in ecstasy, as Nancy’s hand blurred its way up and down his hyper sensitive cock.

“WOW!” Kerry giggled in glee, realizing it was her and her body he was focused on that had led him to his orgasm.

“Oh yes! Keep cumming for me, Johnny!” Nancy had a fulfilled smile on her lips, now having experienced jerking a cock for the first time.

"OH NANC! NO MORE! PLEASE!" John began to beg, since his sister didn't seem to want to stop. “PLEASE NANC! IT'S TOO SENSITIVE!” He had already shot his load five times from the end of his sensitive prick, and now continued to buck his hips up and down wildly at her manipulation, unable to control himself.

His sister finally released her grip on his cock, and gave him a satisfied smirk. Then the two girls both gave each other a naughty smile in delight after what they had just witnessed.

This release had been so powerful, he was basically comatose for another minute once released, before he felt like he could move or speak again. "Whew! Now that was awesome!" He gave both girls a satisfied smile once he caught his breath, and then rested his head back on the couch cousin. Now he was wondering just how many times he could have the girls do this to him in one day. He was really interested in finding out.
