Back At Kenta's Condo
by EmiTsuruta

Kenta lends us the keys to his condo when he goes on a trip.

The summer after my freshman year, I went back to Japan for a bit with my friend Debbie and boyfriend Ryosuke. After we came back to Oceanview, Kenta mentioned that he too was planning to head back to Japan. I'm maybe not all that close to Kenta. He is more Ryosuke's friend than mine, but I did help him move into his condo. We slept over at his place, that night, and the night of the strip poker game. Slowly, we were getting to know each other. He is a bit shorter than Ryosuke with shaggy hair and squinty eyes, a bit jumpy, but he's nice enough I guess. When we heard he'd be gone, Ryosuke asked if we could house-sit for him while he was away.

"What do you two want to use it for?" Kenta asked already suspicious.

Ryosuke looked at me, but didn't answer at first.

"For sex. Is that it? My place is not a love hotel," Kenta exclaimed, making a big deal over nothing.

"No, no, of course not," Ryosuke protested. "We'll keep it sparkling clean. You won't even know we were there."

Kenta didn't look convinced, but he finally relented.

"Anyway, you can use it I guess. You have to come pick up the key the day I leave."

"Wow! Great!" I clapped. I was really so excited because that was like the first time that Ryosuke and I had a place of our own. Both Ryosuke and I lived with American families, so it was hard to get any alone time if you know what I mean.

Kenta was leaving on a Monday. I was off that day. I went to Kenta's place early in the morning to pick up his keys. Our other friend Futoshi was there to give Kenta a ride to the airport in Los Angeles. They wanted me to come with them, but L.A. is a long way from Oceanview, so I told them to go one without me. I did go down with them to the parking lot, and gave Kenta a kiss on the cheek. He blushed, and gave me a funny look, but I felt so happy. I just wanted to thank him for lending us his place.

After that, I went back up to the condo, and gave Ryosuke a call. He was at home, but he had to go to work soon. I was kind of disappointed. I wasn't sure quite what to do next. It was a nice day out, so I decided to go down to the swimming pool, and go for a swim before lunch.

It was an outdoor pool sandwiched between these four-story condos. I'd walked past the pool quite a few times, but had never been in. At first, I couldn't find the entrance to the women's changing room. It turned out it was off this narrow alley round back. I guess they made it that way to keep people from peeking in.

There was no one in the changing room, but I could hear the swimmers horsing around in the pool. I got undressed, had a shower, and pulled on my bikini, the red and white one with the side ties. Out in the pool, there were a few guys and a woman around my age who was the lifeguard. I nodded to her, but seeing her reminded me of the Korean American lifeguard, Sonya, who caught Ryosuke and I fooling around in the women's showers at the slider pool.

I swam around for a bit in the deep end, and then got back up on the deck to take a look around. The pool is right at the edge of the condo complex, so you can see the street through the fence. I toweled off my hair, and looked out at the apartments across the street. Partly because it was a weekday I guess, there didn't seem to be too many people around.

I went in swimming a bit more, but eventually, I decided to head back, and started thinking about lunch. I nodded to the lifeguard again, went into the women's change room, took off my swimsuit, and had another shower. The water felt so good on my naked body, getting me excited a bit. It was such a nice day out I didn't really feel like putting my clothes on again right away. While I toweled off, I walked out to the entrance, and peeked outside. I was about to step out the door naked when I heard voices coming, so I dashed back in. This woman and her daughter came in. I was breathing a bit deeply from the excitement, but I just turned my back, and waited till they went into the pool.

I debated trying again, but finally, I put on my sandals, wrapped the towel around me, and slipped on my backpack. I checked myself in the mirror, but the towel seemed long enough to cover up my bush, so I ended up walking back to Kenta's apartment like that. There are like all these apartment balconies on either side of the path, so maybe people saw me, but anyway, I made it back to his building without dropping my towel or anything. It felt kind of fun to walk around almost naked, savoring the feeling of the breeze on my skin.

Inside Kenta's building, I came to the stairwell where Ryosuke and I fooled around that time when Kenta first moved in here a couple of years ago. At that time, I was so nervous about the whole idea of doing stuff outdoors, but now that I look back, it was pretty thrilling. I don't think I'll ever really get used to doing the things we do, but anyway, it doesn't seem as weird as it used to.

On the way up the stairs, I was kind of fiddling with my towel and toying with the idea of taking it off, and just walking up the stairs naked. It was still early in the day, and I wasn't really sure how many people were around, so I finally decided I'd better not.

At the top of the stairs, I went through the door into the corridor, and looked out the window at the building behind us. It was very tall, but I think Kenta said it was for older people. I didn't see anyone sitting out on their balconies. I was almost about to undo my towel, when I heard the rattle of a door unlocking. I scurried over to Kenta's door, and just barely made it in before the people across the hall came out. Phew! That was close. I'd better be more careful, or else I'll really get in trouble.

Back in the apartment, I realized I hadn't brought any food, so I got dressed in a t-shirt and shorts, and headed to the convenience store. I'd been in here before with Ryosuke once, but luckily, the clerk was a different guy.

Anyway, I bought my lunch, and headed back to Kenta's. There still didn't seem to be many people around considering how many people must be living here. I guess everyone was off at work or school or whatever.

Back at the apartment, I made my lunch, switched on the TV, and lay down on Kenta's furry throw rug. I've been here quite a few times since he moved in. I have a lot of good memories from here. When I was at my host family's house, I always have to be careful around my host mom Loretta, but here I could do pretty well whatever I wanted. I felt so free.

There was an old Brad Pitt movie on TV. I tried to follow it, but I was feeling a bit uncomfortable in my tight shorts. First, I undid them, but they still felt tight, so I just took them off completely. I lay there for a while watching Brad Pitt, and wondering when Ryosuke would come. I know you are going to think I'm a naughty girl for doing this, but I finally reached down, and slid off my panties as well. There was no one else here, so I figured it would be safe.

I was lying on my front, and the soft fur rug felt kind of funny rubbing against my tummy and my pussy. It was ticklish, but it was also starting to get me excited. I spread my legs apart, and quivered a bit as the cool air rushed in on my pussy. My bra was a bit tight too, so I took off my t-shirt and bra, and lay there in the nude for a while. I was a little worried that the people living across would be able to see me, so I ended up pulling my t-shirt back on. I was still kind of excited though, so I didn't pull it all the way down though. I left it up around my waist, so I could feel the air on my bare behind and between my legs. I played with myself a little bit, imagining what it would be like to be with Brad Pitt.

The movie ended, so I got up, and got some water. I looked out the glass doors across the way, but I couldn't see anyone in the apartment across. It was the daytime so maybe they were off at work. I checked my t-shirt. This is one of my longest ones, almost dress length, so I looked OK. I was in a strange mood though, so I walked over, and nervously unlocked the glass door. I carefully tried to slide it open without making any noise. I could hear the hum of cars coming from the street on the other side of the building, but the courtyard below was pretty quiet. No one else was on their balconies, or standing in their windows, though some units had their lights on, so someone must be home.

I carefully stepped out, but my slippers made a scraping noise against the concrete floor. I froze, scared that someone might hear. I kept looking across at the balconies across the way, but everything seemed quiet. 'This isn't such a good idea,' I mused. 'It's already the first day, and I'm going to get Kenta in big trouble.'

Gradually, my pounding heart managed to slow down enough that I could move again. I tiptoed over as quietly as I could, and sat down on one of his reclining deck chairs. The plastic slats of the seat felt so cold on my bare bottom. I could hardly believe I was doing this. It was so warm and sunny out I started to wonder if I could get away with sunbathing here.

I went back inside, got my sun block, and rubbed it all over my face, legs and arms. I peeked out the window down at the parking lot and courtyard. Every once in a while, someone would walk through, but it was mostly pretty quiet. I decided to go get a sheet, and then throw it over the railing to hide where the deck chairs were. This seemed to work pretty well. I didn't think anyone would be able to see me, unless the people next door leaned out, and looked over this way.

I sat down on the deck chair, and took hold of the hem of my t-shirt at the bottom. I just kind of sat there tensed up for a while trying to get up my courage. I finally decided to try, and see what would happen. I nervously pulled my t-shirt up over my head, and set it down on the side table. I felt so exhilarated sitting out here on Kenta's balcony completely naked.

I lay down, and I could feel the slats of the chair on my behind and back all the way up, so I decided to go get a towel. I took a deep breath, and stood up. I felt so exposed here naked on the balcony, but I stood there for a moment. It's hard to explain why. It's almost like I wanted someone to notice. Then I started to get nervous again, so I hurried inside, picked up my clothes and my bag, and went back to Kenta's room. I got a towel out of my bag, folded my clothes, and stuffed them in the bag.

I was still pretty worried that someone might see me, so I ducked down on the way back out. I could just imagine Kenta's neighbors asking him when he got back: 'Who was that naked girl on your balcony while you were away?'

I was so nervous I was shaking as I spread out the towel on the chair. Once I lay back down, I managed to calm down a bit, and enjoy the feeling of the warm sun on my naked skin. I put some more sun block on, and then rolled over onto my front. I just lay there for a while savoring the feeling of the air on my skin, daydreaming of sweet sex.

I'm not sure how long I lay out there for, but a bit later, I heard the rattle of keys in the door. At first I thought it was Ryosuke, but then I suddenly realized he probably didn't have any keys. The next thing I knew, I saw Kenta and Futoshi come in. Futoshi is taller than Kenta, taller than Ryosuke even, his hair dyed brown. He is calm, polite usually, but powerful looking, athletic. I felt a bit closer to Futoshi than Kenta, but now was not the time. I glanced down at my naked body, and then panicking, I grabbed my t-shirt, and pulled it on, just barely managing to cover up before they came in, and found me.

"Would you believe... they canceled my flight," Kenta announced. My mind was racing thinking how I could get to my jeans without them noticing I was bottomless. They both came right over to the balcony door, and looked down at me. Kenta looked upset about the cancellation, but Futoshi just kind of gazed down at me, wondering what I was doing out here I guess. I sat up, pushing the hem of my t-shirt down trying to cover up my pussy.

"Oh, that's too bad," I said, pressing my legs together praying they wouldn't notice I was commando.

"Emi, can you help us bring up the luggage? I've got a whole bunch of stuff still in the car."

I hesitated, wondering if it was safe to get up. Maybe this t-shirt was long enough to keep my pussy covered if I'm careful, but my main problem was I was still all excited from playing with myself.

"Uh, sure," I said. "Just let me change."

"Don't bother. It's pretty hot out down there. C'mon. Let's go."

Kenta was holding the door open for me, and Futoshi was bowing, holding his arm out, motioning for me to go first. I glanced down at my t-shirt, aware that it was probably too short, but they were both being so nice, all sweetness and light for a change. Before I knew it, I was out the door, buoyed along by their exuberance. Oh oh. They hadn't realized I was bottomless yet, but even so, this isn't good.

Kenta headed for the stairs.

"Uh, why don't we take the elevator?" I asked anxiously.

"No, c'mon. It's good exercise. We'll take the elevator on the way back up."

Kenta and Futoshi went first, but when they rounded a curve, they would turn, and look up at me, picking my way down the stairs, one hand desperately trying to keep the hem of my t-shirt over my pussy. I kept worrying that they would figure out I was pantiless. Even worse, they'd parked the car outside in the bright sun of the courtyard, and it was pretty windy. As we went out the door, I grabbed the hem of my t-shirt, and held on for dear life. My hormones had gone into overdrive, pumping me up. My nipples were so erect they were making little indentations in the stretch cotton of my t-shirt. Neither of them seemed to have realized yet, but I felt so vulnerable out here in the middle of the parking lot naked under this short and vaguely see-through t-shirt.

Futoshi opened the trunk, and they each took out a heavy suitcase.

"Here, Emi, can you just get that backpack, way at the back? That's the lightest one."

They were both standing there watching me, but if I bent over to get it, they'd see my bare bottom.

"Can you get it for me?" I asked Futoshi. I was so nervous I started hopping from one foot to the other.

"No, it's just light. Grab it," he said pointing out how big his suitcase was by comparison. I looked at them both, disheartened that they were making me do it. I don't think they'd realized I was pantiless yet, but they did keep peering down at my body.

I kind of made a face, showing them I was doing this under protest, but I finally leaned way in, and grabbed the last bag. It was wedged in a bit, so I had to spread my legs to get my balance. I could feel the hem of my t-shirt rise. I knew they could see my bare bottom, could probably see my pussy even. When I finally managed to straighten back up, they were just standing there, stock still, in awe I guess at how I'd just flashed them. I thought maybe I should explain why I was naked, but I couldn't. I just stood there blushing, hoping this moment would pass.

They had this funny look on their faces, but didn't say anything at first. I pulled one strap of the backpack over my right shoulder, and then threaded my arm through the other strap. Kenta came over to help me pull it on, but my t-shirt got caught in the strap, pulling it up, leaving my bare bottom exposed.

"Hey!" I protested wondering if he was trying to expose me on purpose. He took another try at fixing it, but that just pulled the hem up even higher. I could feel the warm sunshine beating down on my oh so naked backside.

Futoshi was staring at me, mouth agape. I followed his gaze. He was peering down at my pussy, now quite visible out here in the sunlight. I'd trimmed my lush black pubic hair a little bit, but the problem was more I looked insanely indecent standing out here naked in the sun in the middle of this courtyard. I motioned for Futoshi to help me get untangled, but when we tried to pull my t-shirt loose, it got pinned between my backpack and my back, leaving the hem floating up around my waist. I felt so excited it wasn't even funny anymore.

"Just leave it. It's fine," Kenta said, brushing his hand against my exposed butt cheek! As if that wasn't bad enough, there was another guy in the parking lot looking over at us wondering what on earth we were doing. At least, he was acknowledging that it was weird for me to be standing out here with my naughty bits showing.

My first instinct was to try to cover up somehow, but Ryosuke always says when I get caught naked, I'm supposed to pretend like nothing's wrong, and hope whoever's watching won't twig. I wanted to believe that's true. It sounds plausible anyway, but it was hard to just stand here, bare ass, with the three of them gawking at me like this. My hello kitty was tingling away like crazy, and it just kept getting worse.

Kenta had got so flustered his face had turned pale. He got out a tissue, and was wiping his nose. I guess I'm not the only one getting all excited.

"Anyway, let's go," I suggested anxious to get away from this other guy. Futoshi shut the trunk of his car, but when I turned to go the main entrance, Kenta started messing with my t-shirt again, tugging on it pulling it up even more. This guy behind us was staring straight at my tush, licking his lips, like I was dessert or something. I shooed Kenta away, but when we got to the entrance, there was a woman and her son there also going in. I hid behind Kenta, but the son turned to stare at my bare bottom once we walked by.

"Wow!" he whooped, pawing at his mom to look at me.

I pouted out my lips, trying to signal to Kenta I wasn't happy being paraded around like this. I guess it wasn't his fault really. I should have gotten dressed before coming down here.

Futoshi is usually quite kind, but he was still off behind us scurrying to catch up. Kenta buzzed us in with his key tag, but then beckoned for me to come over to the glass door on the other side. I took a few steps that way, but there were two lanes of cars streaming by on the major street out front. I made another effort to wrench my t-shirt free, but Kenta kept waving for me to come show everyone my pussy! Can you imagine?

Futoshi caught up to us, but he'd got a handkerchief out, and was wiping his eyes, from the heat. The elevator came, so trying to hide, I rushed in. Futoshi stood in front of me, shielding me, but then two Chinese guys backed in, not looking at me at first. They held the door open for Kenta.

I looked at these Chinese guys. One was fiddling with his phone, and the other staring at the ground. Kenta touched my wrist daring me to show them. I didn't really want to, but it was a funny situation. Here I was standing here, heart pounding in my chest, and somehow they hadn't even noticed I was naked.

I looked at Futoshi wondering what he thought I should do, but he just shrugged, not really saying one way or the other. I was still a bit angry at Kenta for messing up my t-shirt, but actually, now that I was here, this was pretty exciting, me standing here bottomless behind these two other guys who didn't even know. Reluctantly at first, I came out from behind Futoshi, and moved forward a bit, tempting fate, standing right where they could see. Kenta pointed for me to go a bit further, so that he and Futoshi could get a better look at my derriere, but already my heart was pounding, a bit frightened of what might happen.

These Chinese guys were thirty-ish, wide necks, completely silent, still staring down, maybe harmless. Kenta kept pushing, so I finally did as he asked, and tiptoed forward till I was almost standing right between the two. They still weren't looking at me. Kenta said in Japanese,

"Ee ketsu shiteiru naa, oneechan," which translates as something like 'You've got a luscious ass there, missy,' getting me even more excited. I was so worked up I could feel my own love juices dripping down the inside of my thighs. Kenta reached out to touch me, but then I suddenly realized he was videoing my bare bottom with his smartphone. I tried to shoo him to stop, but I couldn't say anything without setting off these Chinese guys.

Suddenly, the elevator doors opened, startling me. I looked around, but it wasn't our floor yet. The Chinese guys shifted their feet, but still didn't turn. I was so frightened though, standing out here in the middle of the four of them. Futoshi was behaving himself, but Kenta pointed for me to push the close door button. I couldn't very well step out in front of these guys without them seeing. I stuck out my tongue at Kenta, pointing for him to push it himself. The doors finally closed, locking us all back in here.

Kenta went back to videoing me, sliding along the wall, maybe trying to get my pussy into the shot. Futoshi was tut-tuting him, but hadn't really done much to save me from this torment.

"Oppai mishite," Kenta demanded next. 'Show us your breasts.' Kenta really is such a lech and a perv. Normally, I wouldn't give him the time of day, but I have to admit I was already plenty randy when they came home, and found me sunbathing naked on his balcony. I was finding it so hard to simmer down. I backed up to the far wall, hiding my blushing cheeks in my hair, gazing out at Kenta and Futoshi intently wondering if I could get up the nerve to do this. Ryosuke probably wouldn't like me messing with his friends, but they could already see my pussy and buns, so it wasn't like this was such a big deal. Ryosuke does sometimes try to get me to flash. Maybe he wouldn't care or even might like it. He is a bit like that.

I made a real show of not wanting to do this, but slowly, I did as Kenta asked, and lifted up my t-shirt until the two of them could see my breasts. My breasts aren't as big as American women, but they are a nice size and shape, and my nipples are still a nice shade of pink. Kenta suddenly grabbed his nose, and doubled over. He sometimes gets like this when he gets too excited. Futoshi just looked at me, and rolled his eyes. Kenta shouldn't have been daring me to do all these things if he can't handle it.

Then the elevator doors opened again. There was some American guy in a baseball cap standing outside, so I quickly pulled my t-shirt back down trying to cover up. It looked like he might get on, but he stopped, and then waved for us to go ahead. I was worried that he saw my breasts and pussy, but luckily, I think the Chinese guys were in the way, blocking his view. After the door closed, I checked Kenta, and rubbed his back trying to ease whatever was ailing him. I think all three of us were pretty rattled by that point.

The Chinese got off the next time the doors opened. I don't think they realized I'd been fooling around behind their backs. Futoshi broke out laughing once they were gone, and I smiled wanly, a bit embarrassed that I'd done all this stuff. Kenta was nursing his nose, and when we got back to his unit, he disappeared off into the bathroom.

Futoshi pointed out that I was still bottomless, but I wasn't quite sure what I should do. They'd both seen me naked already. Apparently, my 'dynamite body' was too much for Kenta to take, putting him out for the count. I wandered over to the sofa, and took off the backpack. The hem of my t-shirt was still up around my waist. I was vaguely wondering if I should get dressed, but I wasn't sure where I'd put my bag with all my clothes in it. Futoshi seemed more interested in my bare bottom than helping me find my bag.

"Emi, can I ask you...," Futoshi started in, "how can you do things like that?"

"This one is on you guys. I told you I wanted to get dressed!" I countered. I was thirsty, so I went to the kitchen to make some tea. Futoshi followed me over, and it also dawned on me that someone who lived across the way might be able to see me standing here half naked through the glass doors to the balcony.

"No. You know what I mean... flash us your breasts in the elevator with those guys right there! That was so crazy."

"I guess I did go a bit overboard," I giggled, trying to ease the tension, and get him to see the humor in it. He still looked worried for me, which was nice. I brushed past him, and went over to the couch to sit down. I will admit it did feel strange sitting here bottomless with him right here. The whole situation was giving me butterflies.

"I wonder if Kenta is alright," he mused.

"Yeah, I'm sure he's fine," I assured him. I sipped my tea, and gazed out the glass doors. "It is a beautiful day out, don't you think? So sunny."

Futoshi still looked awkward, not used to my immodesty. He kept peering down at my pussy, shaking his head in wonder.

"Don't stare," I chided.

"What do you want me to do? You're the one who's naked." Sure he was upset, but to tell you the truth, he didn't seem all that surprised. They had both probably guessed that Ryosuke and I had been getting into this stuff what with the strip poker game and all. I'd tried to make that seem innocent, but I didn't cover up right away then either after it finished.

"Anyway, I'm going to go back out on the balcony, and catch some rays. No peeking, OK?" I bit my lip, wondering if I was taking this too far. I knew I probably shouldn't tease him like this, but I was still so worked up. Futoshi didn't answer, but instead went over, and knocked on the bathroom door.

"Kenta, are you OK?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. I just got a bit overexcited I guess. I think I'm going to lie down for a while." He came out of the bathroom, and glared at me.

"She wants to sunbathe some more on the balcony," Futoshi told him. Kenta grimaced, but eventually nodded.

"Um... I guess that's alright, but don't let anyone see you, you hear?"

I nodded, trying to appease him. Futoshi sat back down on the couch, and switched on the TV.

"Yeah, go wild. We won't look." It was hard to tell if he was serious. They were both acting so strange.

"Thanks," I smiled, getting up. I went out onto the balcony again, and lay down on the deck chair hiding behind the sofa, so Futoshi wouldn't be able to see me. I felt even more nervous now. I rolled over onto my front, looked back inside the window to make sure Futoshi wasn't watching, and then slowly pulled my t-shirt off over my head. I set the t-shirt down on the side table, but my heart was pounding away in my chest. I can't believe I'm lying here naked with them home.

Looking back, this was probably a crazy thing to do, but I was so worked up by then, out of my head with desire. I spread my legs, and gently touched myself down there. Shivers of pleasure ran up my spine, but I was too nervous, and pulled my hand away. I've got to settle down here. I'd better phone Ryosuke, and see what time he's coming.

"Futoshi."

"Yeah."

"Can you bring me my phone?"

He soon appeared at the door, staring down at my bare bottom. His face was impassive, unclear, but I was worried my teasing might be getting to him.

"Oh, don't look. Close your eyes."

"Oh, don't be silly, Emi. If you don't want me to see you, get dressed." He was right of course. I turned to face him, showing him my breasts and pussy. I felt so naughty. I nervously reached over, slid open the glass door, and took my phone from him.

"Thanks." I set the phone down, and poured some sun block into my hand, and started rubbing it on my breasts while Futoshi looked on. I wasn't really meaning to tease him, but I just couldn't help myself. He's so sincere sometimes, so serious. I kind of hoped he'd loosen up.

"Do you think you could be a gentleman, and just go back inside?"

Futoshi is usually a rock, a pillar. When Ryosuke or someone was teasing me, Futoshi was often the one to rush to my defense. Today though he looked different, shaken, unsure, not quite knowing how to react to my mixed messages. I didn't really mean anything by all this. I just wanted to go back to sunbathing. I hadn't really thought the whole thing through. I guess I can admit I was kind of enjoying teasing him, seeing his reaction, but I swear I hadn't intended for any of this to happen. It just kind of did.

"Do you want me to rub some sunblock on your back?" he offered. He was trying to read me, tell if I was coming on to him. I think even if I did like him, we couldn't do anything here now with Kenta home, and Ryosuke on his way. I looked down, trying again to lower the temperature, this sexual tension between us.

"Um, no, that's OK. I can do it. Just go back inside," I replied, trying to be gentle.

He continued to stand there, studying my face, my breasts now gleaming in the sun, my pussy as I smeared the sun block all over. Eventually, though, he managed to tear himself away, and disappeared back inside.

Once I was all oiled up, I got my smartphone, and dialed Ryosuke. One of the busboys at his restaurant answered, and said Ryosuke was too busy to talk to me. I was kind of irritated. Here I was doing this incredible thing, and Ryosuke wouldn't even talk to me. I asked the busboy to get Ryosuke to call me, hung up, and lay back down feeling frustrated and horny. I could hear the TV, but I couldn't see Futoshi.

"You must think I'm pretty strange, huh?" I asked Futoshi through the open glass door. I still couldn't see him, and he didn't say anything at first. Finally he answered.

"Um, no, not really."

"You have a sister, don't you?

"Yeah."

"What's she like?"

"I don't know. Pretty normal I guess."

I sighed. Obviously, he did think I was strange. Even I didn't know why I was doing all this stuff. Going out with Ryosuke, trying all these crazy things has changed me I guess. I really should calm down, act more sensible before I really do get in trouble.

I reached over, picked up my t-shirt, and pulled it back on. I fixed the hem, and then came back inside. He looked over at me, a bit more sympathetically.

"Oh, sorry. I didn't mean anything by that. I think you're really brave for doing all these things. Sometimes I wish I had your nerve." The way he said it with this far off look in his eyes made me wonder if he was thinking about Satomi. Futoshi is a nice guy deep down. He deserves someone special.

"I just wish you'd be more careful. Like I guess it's OK if you want to run around naked in front of Kenta and me...," he paused looking towards Kenta's room. "but you should be careful when none of us is around to protect you. You never know what could happen."

I looked at him, and smiled. He does say the sweetest things sometimes. I wondered if this was an offer to protect me if I wanted to do something really crazy.

"Thanks, Futoshi. I appreciate that." The atmosphere between us was getting a bit weird, but then we heard Kenta rooting around in the bedroom. I bowed to Futoshi, and then ran off to the bathroom to have a shower, and get dressed.

Ryosuke phoned while I was in the shower to say he'd be here soon. By the time he showed up, I'd managed to settle down. I didn't tell him what had happened.

Emi Tsuruta

