Princess. That has become my name for you. I met you on the computer; yes Mama, from among the fruit picked over until only rotten ones are left, I know, I know... Yet sometimes Mama – I'm so excited, for I think I found a good one!
You laugh at me! You shake your head.
Just wait, you'll see: She'll be the one.
The one for me.
Was that night there something in the ether, EmmaP? We sent so many charged emails of hope; of things... of things that just might be. I'd thought of embracing you, I wanted to – to give you such a hug as you had never had. I wanted to pick you up and carry you, to give you something beautiful.
That's when I decided to name you Princess.
I wrote you a letter, will you ever reply? I wanted you to tell me if you'd love me – might you? Typing words is easy, but when we meet, will we talk – or, naked, will we make love until the sun is up again? I wanted so much for you to tell me that you would... and how, dear EmmaP, how might it be?
I will imagine.
EmmaP for Princess... Let me kiss you. Yes: More beautiful than a summer's day. Just like that poet said – he never knew you, but his thoughts are mine of you. I fill myself with the scent of your presence. I drink it in; it's not the perfume – that is nice, but no. It's something of your womaness I love.
Oh darling EmmaP, as you tell me how you've yearned for this – but never allowed yourself to hope – life stops for me a moment. If you had given up I would not have won this night. Please let us go upstairs.
Your fingers trail across my face; your touch sends shivers all about me. I decorate your face with tiny kisses, you giggle in delight. I hug; you accept with glee - I knew you would love at last being buried in me.
Through the plain wooden door is a simple bed; that and you is all I see. More offered kisses meet and our tongues begin their magic moves. You're mewing gently, moaning softly as I caress your hair; your hands slide over me as I loosen your dress. You seem so innocent - and new!
My body wants you; it's hard to be restrained. Why is it that this dance seems so bright and fresh with you?
The smell of oiled floorboards fragrances the air; we move our embrace downward. We land; bounce gently on the bed. Your skin feels cool and special – why special? It simply does. I cannot tell you what this means; it's beyond a man to say.
Undressing you is slowly done; you're doing the same to me. You whisper to me as we stroke each other, breathing faster now; I'm drawn to explore, and you are too.
"I need you Antics."
You're telling me how you adore my hair; my skin. You play with me as words and breath and heat flow out of you.
As I lay with you, your eyes are trusting me, green and beautiful in the half light. Before I get on you; before I get that close, I softly finger knead your lovely skin. You too are fondling my face....Oh EmmaP...
My hands have found your breast; for an overture they cup and playfully squeeze – but I know you want the tongue's main act. We grin and I smoothly suck and lick you; draw it out - your mountain's peaks are stiffening. I love the little moans you give, as my mouth moves in the pleasure of massage. I kiss you further down, your taut stomach ripples under me, as my lips forge on and greedily head south.
I nibble, I bite you playfully – you're wet, and fun, alluring, and so gorgeous. I'm hard – now look what you have done... EmmaP – you wench!
Your throat allows more sounds to come, loving sounds ; you want some more and so do I. You need me in, I know – I want it too. I move to lie more closely on the top of you, I want to watch you as we do it; I want to see my love's pleasure and delight.
Can we deny ourselves a second of what is happening next? No, we cannot, will not. Neither of us can or wants to do that now. There's silence save for much uneven breath, and the chatter of our eyes. Your lovely pools of light; they beckon and urge; I'm lowering myself to feel you on my tip.
You're playing with my neck; your touch intensifying my desire. I want to thrust – I want to wait; I want it now! I want it at your pace. You feel me at your entrance – I don't let you have it yet; I smile and tease, With all my length I gently fondle those other lips as I play about your entrance. I know I'm big; we join together slowly as you take me inch by inch. You eyes are widening, you bite your lip – you're cautious, yet I see that look; you mean to have it all.
You're arching under me, and I cannot keep still; we give our sweat full reason for its presence. As my hands hold me up and my pelvis thrusts, we gasp in unison and awe. You're pulling my face closer - we suck at air and kiss, your arms entwined around me. You're nearly there; I too – our cries are coming both at once as the world's edge hits us with a thunderclap. I spasm as the last I have fills every part of you; its a while before our eyes are focussing again.
EmmaP – my face betrays me; I can't believe the magic of this love. I see it reflected back; so clear and tender - our moment hangs forever. Exhausted – yes: I flop beside you, but know there's more to come. You were so wet!
My fingers do not know about breaks and lunch; they soon start fidgeting for more. Your face, your mound, your tummy skin; they explore and wander by themselves. This excites you; soon you're up; astride me meaning business. I ask how eager you must be to want no rest, you cannot answer – your mouth is full. You watch me while I rise again; you know your way about! My reaction does surprise – it's much too soon, but you're ignoring this. Your little tongue is fast and flicks me, licks me, torments and envelopes me... I struggle up; you sense I'm taking over. You stop; you let me wrap you up and lay you back. I mount again, no teasing now – I want to come; I want to come in you! I thrust with all I have. God EmmaP; I hold you tight, I urge myself you fill you to the furthest place; I jerk and give you all my juice.
You smile; for that one smile I'd do it all again. I'm overcome. We sleep, content.