Little Red Riding Hood - Chapter 2

By Cincinnatus (cincinnatus.eros2@gmail.com)

Copyright 2018 All rights reserved.

Story Codes ff Mff anal magic toys furry



One day, Red's friend Venetia had come over to visit
her and her daddy.  Red and Venetia were up in Red's
room, where they had been all morning since Venetia
got there.

Now Venetia is the same age as Red, and a little
taller than her, but not as curvy.  Her breasts were a
bit smaller, but still enough to fill Red's hands,
her hair was bright red and short, and her eyes were a
very dark brown.  Venetia and Red had been friends for
almost as long as Red had been living with her daddy. 
You see, Red liked girls and pussies just as much as
she liked guys and cocks.  Venetia lived not too far
away, and was just as into girls as boys too, so daddy
had arranged for Red to meet her, and they had become
fast friends.  Almost too much, because daddy had a
hard time keeping the girls' hands out of each other
panties.

Venetia is one of few people who didn't call Red
"Red"; she called her simply "B" (like
‘bee').  It was short for Beatrice, which is
Red's actual name.  In the same respect, Red called
Venetia "V", kinda as a tit-for-tat, and also
because "Venetia" is a mouthful, especially when
you're cumming or you have a mouth full of pussy.

Now, if you remember the last story, you'll know
that Red ended up with a nice new butt plug with a
wolf's tail attached, as a gift.  That had been
about a month ago, and Red had learned to like it it a
lot, and wore it every now and then.  She liked the
feel of the silky fur sliding around her legs, and the
nice plump plug filling her ass was good, especially
when her pussy was full of cock.

The day before, Red had gotten another gift from the
Woodsman.  It turns out that the late Mr. Wolf had had
a whole box of butt-plug tails in his house.  The
Woodsman didn't really have any use for them, and he
thought Red might like to have the whole "set", so
he had brought it over.

So the girls had been in Red's room all morning, and
had finally gotten over the excitement of seeing each
other.  It had been several days after all.  So as
they lay on the bed, naked and covered in sweat and
pussy juice, Red suddenly remembered the box.

"Hey, you know my new tail?" Red asked Venetia.

"Yeah, I love it.  I hope you'll let me wear it
soon!"

"Well, guess what!"

"What?"

"I got a whole box of ‘em now!"

In no time at all, the girls had pulled the box out
and were examining its every detail while squealing
with delight.

The box seemed to have been very nice at one point,
but Mr. Wolf had not taken very good care of it at
all.  Venetia said that it probably had once had a
nice velvet inside, with little spaces for each tail
to sit in, but now the velvet was all crumpled in the
bottom, and the tails were just piled in it.  But the
tails were clean; the Woodsman had taken care of that.
 There were a total of seven tails: Red's wolf tail,
two long cat tails, one solid grey and the other a
spotted brown and white, a red and white fox tail, a
long black horse tail with thick, coarse strands, a
short stubby tail that was brown with a black tip
(later Red would learn from daddy that it was
something called a stoat), and a white, puffy bunny
tail.

Each plug was about the same size and color, and there
was a little ring at the base of each one.  Red had
noticed the one on the wolf tail, but hadn't thought
anything of it.  But as the two girls looked over the
tails, it seemed like each ring could be turned to one
of five positions.  The positions looked to be marked,
first with a circle, then with ever larger dots as you
went clockwise.

Now Red and Venetia had spent a fair amount of time
discussing what the rings might do, and to try them
out, when Venetia finally blurted out:

"We should just try turning them and see what
happens!"

"Well, I suppose we could just see.  We should start
at the circle."  

That made sense, since Red's wolf tail had always
been set there.  The girls picked out tails; Red
wanted to try out something other than the wolf, so
she picked out the brown and white cat tail.  Venetia
picked out the fox tail.

A few minutes later, the plug on the end of Red's
cat tail was nicely lubed up and in place inside
Red's ass.  Red moaned as she wiggled her butt so
that it would settle into a comfy spot.

"Ready?" Venetia asked.

"Ready," Red declared.

Venetia grabbed the tail, which caused the plug to
wiggle about in Red very nicely.  Then there was a
‘click' as she turned the ring to the smallest
dot.

And nothing happened.

Before Red could say anything, Venetia and turned the
ring back and forth as far as it would go a couple
times.  Red whimpered as the plug pushed to and fro,
but didn't feel anything else.

"Maybe they're vibes, and need recharged?" Red
pondered aloud.

"Maybe this one's just fucking broken," Venetia
remarked sullenly.  She had a potty mouth sometimes,
and could get angry rather easily.

"Well then, let's try yours!"

"Wait, I don't know..."  Venetia started to
protest, but then yelped as Red pushed the already
lubed plug into her.

"Ow! Go easy back there!" Venetia complained.  She
wasn't as experienced with anal sex as Red was.

Red grabbed the dial and twisted it back and forth. 
Still nothing, other than the the smell of Venetia's
tasty pussy filling her nose.

"These things have to do something!" Red exclaimed
as she pulled her tail out with a ‘plop'.  She
looked at the ring, which was set at the first solid
dot, then shrugged and pushed it back into her butt. 
Her ass had missed the plug the instant she pulled it
out.

Suddenly, there was a flash of light, and the
strangest feeling came over Red for a moment.  When it
was over, Venetia was staring at her with her mouth
hanging wide open.

"You...you're...Look at the mirror!" Was all
Venetia said.

Red did, and gasped at what she saw.  Her ears had
moved and changed, so she now had cat's ears on her
head, high up and toward the back of her head.  And
the cat's tail was no longer attached to the butt
plug, but now sprouted from her body just above her
butt.  And her butt was empty; the plug was gone!

In addition, her nose had curled up a bit and turned
kinda pinkish, almost like a little kitty nose.  Her
teeth had grown a little sharper and pointy-er  And
she had several long whiskers coming out of each
cheek.

The two girls made a complete examination of Red's
body, and nothing else seemed to have changed. 
Venetia made a point of checking the inside of Red's
pussy very, very thoroughly.  Red also found that she
could move her ears and tail as if she had always had
them like this.  She really liked swishing her tail
around, and if sent tingles straight to her clit when
Venetia ran her hand down its length.

"I guess you have to set the ring before you put it
in," Red said.

"Seems that way," Venetia said.

"What about yours?"

"What about it?" Venetia looked a little
uncomfortable.

After a few moments of wrestling and tossing, Venetia
was on her stomach, with Red, sitting on her back,
facing her feet.  Red pulled the plug out of
Venetia's butt slowly, turned the dial to the second
smallest dot, then slowly worked it back in.  Venetia
whimpered at the feeling of the plug spreading her
open again.  When plug was fully inserted, there was
another flash, and Red squealed and jumped of Venetia
when she could see again.  She had changed, even more
than Red had.

They spent the next minute or so examining Venetia's
changed body.  She now had a real fox tail, long and
bushy and covered with red and white fur, and fox ears
of course.  But not only that, her whole body was now
covered with foxy fur.  It was mostly red, except on
her throat and chest where it was white and her hands
and feet where it was black.  Her face had changed
dramatically, her nose and lips stretching out to make
a stubby little fox snout.  Her mouth was full of
sharp teeth, and the only parts of her body not
covered with dense, silky fox fur were her palms and
soles, her nipples, her little pink (and empty) ass,
and the inside lips of the pink pussy.

"Foxy!" Red said, bringing giggles from both
girls.  "I wonder what the other settings do?" she
asked, and went to pull her tail out.  But not only
did it not come out, it in fact hurt to pull on her
tail too hard.  Venetia tried the same on her tail,
with the same painful results.

"Oh no!" cried Venetia.  "I don't want to be
like this forever...how am I going to take baths? 
What will mom say?"

The girls dug through the box frantically, looking for
some sort of instructions.  They found an old,
yellowing sheet of paper at the bottom, but it was
water stained and hard to read.  They did manage to
decipher a part about ‘being undone at the 12th
stroke of midnight.'

"How do these things know which clock is right? 
Maybe we can set the clocks forward?" Red asked.

"I don't think it'll work, Mama said that you
can't cheat magic."  Venetia replied.

"Well, I guess we're stuck like this ‘til
tonight," Red said, thoughtfully.  She glanced
across the bed at Venetia, and felt her whiskers
twitch, and her tail curling and uncurling slowly
behind her.  She looked Venetia's furry body up and
down, and felt a familiar twingey warm wetness spread
between her legs.  She thought Venetia looked super
sexy, all covered with soft fur, with her little pink
inner pussy lips peeking out from the red-ish brindle
fur around her pussy.

You must remember that Red though Venetia was sexy
normally, because of course Venetia was very sexy. 
But fox-Venetia seemed to be ubër-sexy, and Red felt
very, very horny sitting there naked in front of her,
which she though weird.  You see, she and Venetia had
spent all morning licking and fingering each other,
with several orgasms each.  She should have been
content until at least supper time, but now she could
feel the juices soaking the bed beneath her, and found
herself licking the sharp teeth in her mouth.

"Yow wanna, ya know, do it with a fox?" Venetia
asked quietly.

"Maybe," Red said quietly.

"Naw, I think you do, not just maybe," Venetia
smiled a smile full of sharp teeth.

"Why do you say that?" Red quipped back.

"Because I can smell you," Venetia said with a
little giggle.

"Vee, we've been fucking for hours!!  Anyone going
by the house can smell our pusses."

"I know, but I think my nose works better."

"Really?"

"Yeah, I don't just smell sex.  I smell the sex we
had, like I can smell each orgasm.  And I can smell
new juices from your pussy."

"You can tell the difference?"

"Yeah.  And I, well, it, kinda, you know, makes me
hot.  And I c'n smell my juices too."

"Well, do you like what you smell?" Red's tail
swished lazily behind her as she spread her legs,
exposing her wetness to the cool morning air.

"Yeah." Venetia's voice was small and breath
wavered.

"Then why don't you taste it?"

Venetia didn't reply, but just bent her snout down,
and snaked her long tongue out and dragged across
Red's pussy.

The sexiness of Venetia's fox body was nothing
compared to the sexiness of her new tongue.  First of
all there was the length of it.  When the broad base
of her tongue was starting to touch Red's clit, the
tip was still touching her little puckered ass.  Red
gasped at the coarse texture of it, and her nipples
hardened to little nubs.

Venetia made her tongue hard, and worked its length in
between Red's folds.  Red moaned, and grabbed
Venetia's head around her ears to pull her foxy face
against her pussy.  Venetia moaned back, and pushed
the length of her tongue into Red's opening.

Now, you've heard of tongue fucking, right?  Well,
Red thought she knew what tongue fucking was, but now
she knew the truth.  The feeling of Venetia's warm,
squrimy tongue pushing into her sent shivers up and
down her spine, all the way to the tip of her new
tail.  It was almost like being fucked with an actual
cock, only a bit smaller and less rigid.  Then Venetia
started to move it.

She curled it up and down inside Red.  No dick could
do that.  It would curl forward and grind against her
g-spot, then push down and back against Red's empty
ass, all the way to where Red could feel her tail join
into the base of her spine.  Red's pussy spasmed
around Venetia's invading tongue, and juices
dribbled out to soak the white fur of her chin.

Now all this was getting Venetia very excited too. 
She loved to eat Red's tender, magic pussy to begin
with.  But having her tongue that far inside Red's
slick, clutching vagina was like nothing she had done
before.  Is was the true opposite of sucking cock.

Now, I must remind you at this point that foxes, like
dogs, don't sweat.  They can't because of their
fur.  Both girls were becoming very warm, and Red's
body was covered in a glistening sheen of sweat.  But
Venetia felt the urge to do something very different
as her body temperature rose. 

Soon it was irresistible.  So she did what all hot
foxes do (please don't mind the pun).  She started
to pant.

Her mouth opened wide, her lips curled back, and her
breath came in and out in short bursts.  The panting
action make her tongue rock in and out of Red's
pussy, almost like a fucking cock.  Each pant spend a
blast of hot air over Red's spread pussy lips.

This all made Red's pussy very very happy.  And
soon, it was too much for poor Red to bear, and her
orgasm rolled over her body in a crashing wave.

Red screamed as she came, and her pussy gushed on
Venetia's snout.  As Red trashed on the bed,
Venetia's tongue was pulled from her pussy.  It
wasn't the biggest orgasm Red had ever had, but it
was different from any she had experience before. 
When it was all over, Red laid on the bed recovering,
and Venetia sat on her ankles, still panting softly.

"I hope you can do that to me soon," Venetia said
between pants, her tone reflecting the hungry look in
her eyes.

Before Red could bring herself to answer, there was a
knock on the door.  And before either girl could
respond, the door opened to reveal Red's daddy.

Red cringed a little as her sex addled brain realized
why he had come up.  She was forbidden to cry out
during sex unless specifically told to by daddy.  No
matter what or who was on or in her.  And she had
forgotten that when Venetia's big fat fox tongue had
made her come just then.

Daddy made a double take at the two ‘girls'
sitting on the bed.  Red with her kitten tail and
ears, and Venetia's transformed, furry body.  He
also smelled a morning's worth of teenage girl sex.

When he spoke, it was only one word: "Explain." 
It wasn't loud, but quiet and forceful.

Red sat quietly, feeling the disapproval in his gaze,
as Venetia rambled a wild and somewhat disconnected
account of the morning.

Despite Red's apprehension, daddy seemed
understanding.  But he did tell her that she would be
punished for yelling out, only later.

Before daddy could say anything more, or turn to
leave, Venetia asked in a very small voice, "um,
sir, could you...help me?"

"Help you?" daddy asked, one eyebrow raising
slightly.

"Well, I was really horny to begin with.  And eating
Bee makes me even more horny.  But I think I broke
her."

Red did indeed seem broken.  She was on the bed, limp
as noodle.  Her legs were spread, with one calf
hanging of the edge of the mattress, and her swollen
nether lips glistened in the light.  Despite the
knowledge that she had punishment coming, she
couldn't keep a hint of warm, contented smile from
her face.  And her new tail swayed back and forth,
just like a cat not quite dozing in the sun would.

Daddy smiled, and simply pulled his clothes off in
response.  You usually didn't have to ask him twice.
 When he was naked, he stepped up to Venetia, and
rubbed the fur behind her ears as she leaned into his
soft cock.

It took Venetia more than a few moments to get the
hang of sucking cock with her new mouth, especially
since her back teeth had become very sharp and scissor
like.  But her long, rough tongue came in handy on
daddy's balls, and soon daddy's cock was standing
at full attention.  Daddy sat down on the edge of the
bed next to Red's tummy, and pulled Venetia onto his
lap.

From where Red lounged, she could see how Venetia
furry outer lips were swollen and spread open, with a
hint of the pink insides showing through.  Venetia
held herself in place while daddy rubbed his cock head
through the wetness between her lips.  When he held
steady for her to sink down upon him, they both
sighed.

"You're so much nicer than the boys at school, Mr
D," Vee said in small voice as she settled onto his
prick.  She called Red's daddy Mr D, ‘D' being
short for ‘daddy'.

Red curled her body around daddy, so she could watch
quietly as Venetia developed a rhythm of sliding
herself up and down daddy's cock.  Red had a great
view from the bed, and asked her daddy, "Does it
feel different?"

Daddy reached down and stroked the side of Red's
head.  "Well," he began, "on the inside, it's
still good old Venetia.  But the fur on the outside
tickles a bit.  But I kinda like it.  How's it for
you?"  He asked Venetia.

It took her a moment to answer; she was concentrating
very hard on riding the cock underneath her.  When she
did, it was with a breathless voice; her sentences
were broken by short bursts of quiet panting.

"Um, it's kinda the same...but...I can feel my
tail moving...and I can't feel much on...the outside
where...the fur is...so I feel his cock inside...so
much more."

By now, Red was feeling quite recovered, and her pussy
was aching for attention again.  She sat up and
grabbed Venetia by the shoulders.  Venetia sat down
hard on daddy's lap, and ground her hips back and
forth, with daddy's cock hidden deep deep inside
her.  Red pecked a little kiss on Venetia's fox
nose.

It wasn't very wet, and Red thought dogs were
supposed to have wet noses.  But Venetia wasn't a
dog--she was a fox.  And her nipples looked even more
tasty than normal...little and pink and hard, poking
out from the fur on her little tits.  Red bent her
head down and took one of Venetia's little yummy
nipples in her mouth, rolling it around with her teeth
just like Venetia liked it.  She tried to grab and
mash Venetia's other boob like she liked it, but the
fur made it hard to get a good grip.  So she simply
grabbed her nipple where it poked out and rolled it
with her fingers.

Venetia's pants had turned to gasps for breath. 
Daddy was rocking his hips underneath her, fucking her
hard and fast.  With that and Red's teeth and
fingers biting and pulling her nipples, Venetia was
soon teetering on the edge of orgasm.

When Venetia did come, she screamed loud and long. 
She was a screamer normally, and she didn't have a
daddy who told her not to!

When Venetia's orgasm had subsided, she rolled
forward off of daddy's lap leaving his long hard
cock shining with her juice.  She sat on the floor, as
best she could with her bushy fox tail, and tried to
catch her breath.

"I can smell so much, it's super sexy!  I can
close my eyes and smell each smell on it's own." 
Venetia's legs were quivering as aftershocks rolled
through her.

"That's all you can say after that?" asked Red,
grabbing her daddy's cock and sliding her hand up
and down.  She hated nothing more than a hard cock
just standing up all alone.

"Well, that was one of the best fucks I've ever
had..." Venetia offered in response.

Red wasn't listening; she was looking up at her
daddy.  All she could say to him was, "want."

Daddy didn't really like her being so direct and
short, but he figured that magic in the tails was some
sort of sex magic, which tended to make people very
very horny as a side effect.  So he let it slide, but
he would talk to her later.

"Get on your hands and knees," he told her softly.

Red did, and daddy stood up behind her and grabbed
hold of the base of her tail.  He pulled her back so
her knees were on the edge of the bed.

"It hurts if you pull too hard," Red warned
softly.

Daddy tightened his grip in response, and turning to
Venetia, said, "then it should make a good handle,
don't you think?"

Venetia only nodded, as daddy pulled Red's tail so
her pussy slid back onto his cock.

"Oh daddy!" Red exclaimed as she was filled.  She
had been having fun all day with Venetia, but nothing
could compare to her daddy's cock.

Daddy used Red's tail to pull her so she was almost
off his cock, then pulled her back onto him.  He made
her fuck him, holding his hips steady and pulling her
body back and forth by her tail.

Red started to moan softly, only the moans almost
sounded like mews, and there was grumble in her throat
like a long purr.  Daddy's cock was already very wet
from Venetia, but it was getting coated with layer
after layer of her pussy juice, and her body slid back
and forth on it so easily.  Despite all that her poor
pussy had been through that day, she wouldn't last
long.

"Oh daddy, yer gonna make me cum," she squeaked as
she felt daddy's cock push her closer and closer to
orgasm.

"Not Yet," he said.  And he used his ‘voice'. 
The one that made her weak in the knees and powerless
before him.

"Yes daddy," she said very softly, but firmly. 
She would wait.

Even Venetia felt her pussy twitch in fear at the
sound of the command in daddy's voice.  But she
thought it super sexy, how he could command her like
that.

Red's body trembled as daddy kept sliding it along
his cock by the tail.  He turned to Venetia and said,
"top drawer, get the dark red one."

Venetia got up and opened the indicated drawer.  She
pulled out the butt plug with the dark red ruby in the
base.  Daddy took it from her, and held it in his
hand, as he slowly fucked Red along his cock.

"You know, I call her ‘kitten' all the time, but
now she kinda is one."  He smiled at Venetia.

Venetia replied with a simple question, "Do you
think I'm a fox, you know, normally?"

Daddy smiled warmly at her, "yes, you are very
foxy."

Venetia smiled as much as her fox snout would let her
as she climbed on the bed next to Red, so she could
watch better.

Daddy turned his full back attention to the young girl
in front of him.  "Now kitten, you're not allowed
to come until daddy fills you up with his come. 
Understand?"

"Yes, daddy."

"Does kitten like being a kitten?"

"Yes, daddy."

"Does kitten like daddy's cock?"

Red's voice wavered.   "Very much."

"Will kitten be a good girl and do what daddy
says?"

"I'll try, but it's hard..." Red's voice
squeaked as daddy's cock plunged a bit deeper than
before.

"Why's it hard?"  Venetia was amazed at how
daddy's voice stayed calm and level as his cock slid
in and out of Red's pussy.

"Your cock is so hard and nice, and when you use my
tail like that..." Red's voice trailed off.

"Well, daddy's gonna make it harder, but he knows
his kitten can do it."

With that, daddy pushed the metal butt plug, dry of
lubrication, into Red's little pink butthole.

Now there was some lube left over in her butt from the
magical plug, and the metal was very smooth, but it
was also cold, and Red yelped as daddy settled it in
so only the ruby was visible, nestled between her butt
cheeks.  But it only hurt for a moment--it wasn't
the first time he had done that to Red--and then her
butt was nice and filled, with the plug helping push
daddy's cock against her g-spot so nicely. 

Daddy put his other hand on his hip, and started to
really fuck her now.  ‘Fuck' with a capital
‘f'.  And a capital ‘u', ‘c', and ‘k'.
 He started to FUCK her.  One hand held the base of
her tail, and the other hand moved up grab a handful
of her dark hair.  He used both to pull her body back
against him with every thrust of his cock.  And he
wasn't holding his hips steady anymore; he was
pushing his cock deep into Red's magic pussy, using
long, hard strokes.  The kind that made him come the
hardest.  He was fucking her to make himself come, but
he knew that she like to be fucked that way more than
any other way.

Red was gone to the world.  All she knew was her hair
being pulled by daddy's hand, her tail being tugged
back and forth, the metal plug filling her butt, and
most of all, daddy's glorious cock fucking her poor,
abused pussy.  The only thing that kept her from
having orgasm after orgasm was concentrating on not
coming.  But she knew that it wouldn't be long.  She
felt daddy's rhythm change as he started to get
close.  His cock got longer and harder, reaching deep
into her.  She imagined his balls pulling up close to
his body as she heard him starting to groan deep in
his throat.

Finally, he yanked her back against his hips, the tip
of his cock reaching up against her womb.  Normally
that would hurt, but right now all she cared about was
the feeling the spread of warmth and slipperiness as
daddy filled her with his come.  She felt him twitch
and spasm as he held her fast on his spurting cock. 
When she was absolutely certain that he was coming and
filling her pussy with his seed, she let herself go.

You would think that as opposed to coming and coming
over and over again, not coming would make for
not-so-good orgasms, but it's quite the opposite for
Red.  When Red did let herself come, it was so big and
deep and wonderful, she lost herself completely in the
feeling of her pussy clutching on daddy's cock.  It
was the greatest feeling in the world, to come and
come and come on daddy's cock spurting cock.

And when she was done, she was sound asleep.