Because of a football scholarship, John was the only one of our group who attended college and we sent him away with high hopes that he would be the one who would escape the factory town we lived in. Alas, he returned in three years with no degree, a bum knee, and a new bride named Sonia. None of us could see what he saw in this girl, who not only was a plain Jane but a total bitch to him as well. Of course, if John loved her that was all that mattered and we accepted her into our crowd right away. Sonia had mousy brown hair, washed out brown eyes, and a pair of thin grim lips that seemed always to frame a frown on her face. They looked ridiculous together as he was about six and a half feet tall and there was no way she was over five foot one. I know he weighed over two fifty when he played and she was so skinny she couldn't get to triple digits on the scale if she was holding a bag of flour. She had the chest of a boy and an ass to match and even my wife said that there was nothing this girl had that you could compliment.

Shortly after returning home, they came to a party at my house where we all drank a little too much and everyone was pretty wild, that is everyone but John. As soon as they arrived, Sonia announced that John was not drinking that night because she wanted to keep her eye on him. Instead of sitting on the couch where there was room for both of them, she sat in my big easy chair, much as a queen on her throne then merely pointed to the floor and then John sat at her knee. She treated him terribly all night; even throwing a drink he brought her in his face because he added too much ice. The more she drank the louder and meaner she became; she slapped him so hard in the face it left a red imprint of her hand when he asked her not to speak so loudly.
"Shut the fuck up, how would you like it if I took one of your worthless buddies here into the bedroom and fucked his brains out."
John tried to speak softly but we all heard his answer,
"No dear, please don't, that would be humiliating."
You could have heard a pin drop; everyone was in shock as we watched John take the abuse his wife heaped upon him.

Later that night as the wife and I were in bed she told me she couldn't believe how John just took all the abuse his wife gave him,
"He's so big and she's so small why doesn't he just man up and slap the shit out of her, it's like he has no balls at all."
I made a joke about her taking them away from him but as we turned over to go to sleep, I couldn't get the picture of the two out of my head. I don't know why but I found the way that Sonia treated John very erotic and thus confusing to me at the same time. I had a dream of the two naked and John with his hands tied behind his back performing oral sex on his wife. She would orgasm and then grab him by his hair to pull his head back where she would slap his face as she had done at the party. John would then thank her and then she would yank his face back into her sex.
I awoke aroused and tried to wake my wife for sex but she was having none of it. I got up went into the bathroom and jacked-off in the sink with thoughts of me taking John's place at his wife's pussy. I could not get this strange dream out of my head and for days every chance I could, I would masturbate to thoughts of Sonia. How could this girl, who was the least sexy looking female I knew, arouse me so much? I couldn't answer and neither could I keep her out of my fantasies.

I thought that if we could be around John and his wife more maybe my wife would somehow become more like her but after just a couple of evenings with them my wife told me that she had lost all respect for John as a man. She refused to be around either of them and I could see she had no desire to have a pussy-whipped husband. I couldn't get Sonia out of my head and I found myself dropping by with any excuse I could think up. So when my wife went to visit her mother for the weekend I dialed up John as soon as she left. Sonia answered and I dove right in,
"Hi Sonia, It's Friday night, I'm here alone and bored so I wondered if you guys could use some company?"
"We're just here watching TV, if you want to come over it's alright."
I knocked on their door and entered when I heard Sonia yell, 'come in'. I walked down the hall to their front room and found a sight that changed my life forever.

Sonia was sitting in a big high backed easy chair with a can of beer in one hand and the TV clicker in the other. John was on his knees in front of her with his head buried under her skirt. Her feet were propped on his shoulders and I noticed that her panties were around one ankle. She appeared to be paying no attention to John as she surfed continually through the channels. She took a long pull on her beer then looked up at me,
"So are you here to fuck Johnny-boy's wife?"
I stared at the sight in front of me more aroused than I'd ever been in my life but I shook my head.
"So then what do you want?"
My throat was dry and I wasn't sure I could speak but I managed to stammer,
"I, I want what John has."
Her laugh was mean and derisive; she grabbed a hand full of John's hair and yanked him from under her skirt,
"See, what did I tell you, he's a pussy-boy just like you."
"Yes dearest but..."
Before he could finish she pulled him back under her skirt, then she finished the last of her brew and threw the can at John's feet.
"If you want to eat my cunt you have to earn it so we'll have to see about that."
She picked up the foot that had her panties around it and pushed it toward me. In doing so, I was able to peek up her skirt to see John face buried in the middle of a huge hairy bush. My wife always kept hers trimmed neat and it was a surprise to see so much hair.
"Let's start you out with my panties, here take them and put your face in them."
I pulled her panties off her ankle; they were not delicate or sexy like my wife's but big girl panties more like the kind my wife wore when she was on her period. I looked at the crotch but no red stains, thank god, however they were not only sopping wet with her fresh juices but caked with dried stains both yellow and white. I put them to my nose and sniffed deeply an aroma both repulsive and yet erotic. I was instructed to put my face in them and to put my ears through the leg holes much like a mask. Sonia pointed to a spot on the floor next and ordered me to kneel. She began to rub my nose through the material and then to force her finger into my mouth. Once the panties were coated in my saliva, the nasty aroma of her panties was even stronger.

She then pulled them off my head and told me to stand,
"OK, now that you've prewashed my panties I want you to go to the back bathroom and you can hand wash them just like Johnny-boy does for me every evening. When you're done bring them back to me for inspection"
In the bathroom, I saw several pairs of her panties hanging on the shower rod. I pulled out my throbbing cock and began masturbating in her panties. I was completely out of control and much like rolling down a hill there was no way I could stop until I erupted inside her underwear. Next, I found the bottle of liquid soap on the sink and I scrubbed the filthy garment until I hoped it would pass inspection. I fell to my knees as I handed the panties back to her; with barely a cursory look, she dropped them on the floor.

Sonia raised her arm over her head and rested it on the back of her chair, she was wearing a sleeveless shirt of some kind, and now her underarm was exposed to me. There was a thick patch of stubble showing that she had not shaved for a few days, I also noticed for the first time that she was not wearing a bra and I wondered if she went to work that way. She crooked her finger at me and when I leaned forward, she grabbed me by the hair and yanked my face to her armpit. To me the smell of her sweat was like the ambrosia that nourished the gods and I rubbed my tongue against the coarse short hair. Suddenly she screamed,
"Oh John I'm cumming oh god, oh god."
She pushed us both away and I can only guess that the orgasm she had finally sated her hunger. I wondered if my humiliation had helped to get her off but when she looked up at me, all she said was,
"You can go now and don't come back until I have John call you, John you clean up this mess, I'm going to bed."
She got up and walked to their bedroom, leaving my friend and me alone with our embarrassment. As he picked up he never said a word and I just said something like, see ya, as I walked out the door.

You, gentle reader, know this story does not end well but foolish me I left that house with a hope of finding some long lost passion that I had only missed in the last few weeks. They never called and as the days passed, I grew frantic for another taste of that which I hungered for. I even went against her orders and called her one time; she cursed me and then slammed the phone down. I tried to coerce my wife into using me so many times she left me, calling me a degenerate as she walked out the door. I even tried a few professional dominate women but they were all disappointing, like they were reading from a script and so I gave up trying. I would say that I was a man without hope and yet every time my phone rings I race to answer it, hopping it will be from Sonia.

