Sarah is a bad motherfucker.  by DianeVH (dianevanhoogendijk@gmail.com)
Comments are extremely welcomed, esp from female fans, even if it's just to say hi!

Sarah has a hospital scare

After Sarah's brutal attack on Dana, the next few days were spent nursing her back to health again and taking care of Dana's daughter while Dana was recovering.

This had nothing to do with some misguided feeling of guilt, far from it. Sarah spent every free minute she had, reliving the glorious memories of her attack and subsequent rape of poor Dana, while furiously masturbating herself to explosive orgasms.

No Sarah wasn't the least bit concerned with making up what she had done to Dana. This was about being close to her victim again, seeing the pain and missery she'd caused turned her on like she couldn't believe. She wanted so badly to bring up the rape, to talk about it with Dana. Hear her re-tell the story of her attack with all the juicy details, but Dana refused to talk about it. Instead she choose to pretend it had never happened.

Sarah had many times thought about attacking her again, right in the hospital bed, but the risk of getting caught was simply to big a threat to make it worth the risk. Besides she wanted Dana to heal first. She'd really done quite a number on her. But there was no feelings of guilt or remorse over the sorry state Dana was in or nightmares she probably had. No she felt proud of herself, more than that Sarah felt strong, almost invinsible. She had gotten away with a brutal rape attack and she'd probably keep getting away with it. Who would ever suspect her, a mother with no criminal record to be capable of such cruelty. It almost shocked Sarah herself.&#8232;

Sarah had many times even considered confessing to Dana that she was the one who had raped her. Just to show Dana how utterly powerless she was to do anything about it. Little did Sarah know that fate was conspiring against her.
On the 5th day of taking care of Dana, Sarah had started to get careless. By now she knew the police had given up the search for whoever attacked Dana and life was beginning to go back to normal again for both herself and Dana. It was the last day taking care of Dana before she could go back home and Sarah had decided to celebrate the occasion by wearing a very special, very exclusive perfume. When Dana smelled it, it seemed familiar to her.

"That's an interesting perfume, what"

"Thanks it's argentinian only 1500 bottles made, very expensive but you have to treat yourself sometimes I say"

Dana had a puzzled look on her face.

"It smells sort of familiar, but I....can't quite figure out why"

Sarah smiled trying to think of the last time she'd wore the perfume...suddenly she had a terrible realization, It was during the rape! Hoping that Dana had not come to the same conclusion, she quickly turned glanzed over at Dana who at that moment stared at her with the same panicking eyes and utter look of disbelief that Sarah had once found so erotic.

A long silence followed, nobody spoke a word, both women frozen in their sports, trying to figure out what to do next.

"Shit, shit, fuck" Sarah thought to herself "what the fuck am I going to do now, I could deny it, she's got no proof, but what if they find something, DNA or they do a lie detector test or something. I can't go to prison, I can't risk losing everything becasue of this bitch". Sarah was in full on panicking mode now. Hoping her face didn't betray her but kind of guessing that it did. She couldn't risk getting caught, she'd lose her job, her daughter, her life. That was just not an option. Dana's face was frozen in fear, probably worrying what would happen next.

Sarah hoped she'd keep her mouth shut, that she knew what was best for her. But there was just no way of knowing for sure. She'd be living in fear for the rest of her life that Dana would one day tell somebody. It wasn't fair, if anybody should be living in fear it was Dana, was she really going to let one tiny bit of indescretion ruin her life. The way Sarah saw it now it was eat or be eaten and she wasn't about to just lie down and die. Dana had to go, it was the only way Sarah would ever feel safe again. She had to die!&#8232;

A creepy calm come over Sarah as she looked at Dana which sent chills down her spine. Sarah walked over to the empty bed next to Dana and picked up a pillow. Dana fearing what would happen next began to cry now and beg for her life as panick began to set in.

"Please I won't tell anyone, we're friends, please oh god no, I have a child. Please you know me, please god now. HEL..."

Was all Dana could say before her attempt to scream for help was muffled by Sarah's pillow. Normally this would have been a very erotic experience for Sarah, hearing the begging and seeing the fear in Dana's face and the tears, god the tears. But this was different. An eerie calm had come over Sarah as she had accepted the situation at hand. This was it, there was no turning back now. Pressing the pillow down on Dana's face, suffocating her, Sarah felt detached from the situation as if she wasn't even there anymore. As if she had left her body, and somebody else was controling it now, while her mind was somewhere else.

A scream however rudely pulled her back to reality again. Dana had now stopped struggling under the pillow as Sarah turned to see a little girl, no more than 10 who'd accidentally had stumbled in on them while wandering around the ward.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIII"

The girl screamed dropping the soda she held in her hands as she saw Sarah standing over Dana, smothering her.

"Fuck my luck" thought Sarah, this was just getting way out of hand. She had to get out of there. She knew in hear heart that she shouldn't leave any witnesses but she hoped the traumatic experience and threats of what would happen if she ever talked would be enough. Killing Dana was one thing but Sarah certainly wasn't ready to stack up the body count.

At this time all Sarah could think of was to disapear, lie low for a while till she could figure out what to next and how to save herself&#8232;
Sarah quickly grabbed the little girls arm and whispered in her ear.

"Listen you little bitch, if you ever tell anyone what you think you just saw here, I'm going to find out where you live and I'm going to make you watch while I kill your mommy and daddy and doggie and everyone you have ever loved and then I'm going to stab you and watch you slowly bleed to death, do you understand?"

The girl was too scared to do anything, but at least she'd gone quiet. Sarah took that as a good sign, she didn't really have the time to stick around anyways. Knocking the girl to the side Sarah quickly ran out the door.
As Sarah raced home from the hospital she began to think about that faitfull day that started it all lead her down the dark path of destruction she was now very much on.

If you like this story please feel free to send me a
"hello", thoughts are much appreciated, esp from female fans!  I sometimes
do story requests too if they tickle my fancy. 
dianevanhoogendijk@gmail.com 