Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Doppelganger
Part: Chapter 9 of 31
Summary: Justin was born with a little extra - a set of
         female sex organs - but that was just the
         beginning.
Keywords: ff, f-solo, mf, oral, rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2005

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated :
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

INTRODUCTION

Justin Rogers was born around 16 years ago with something 
special - a complete functional set of female sex organs.  
Just recently he had found they don't really belong to 
him but to his twin sister Tina who spent much of her 
early life sharing his body.

From time to time she was able to visit as a distinct 
person but some survival instinct made her merge with him 
again before she was discovered.

Now they have met properly and, sharing memories and 
experiences whenever they are merged (or "together" as 
opposed to being "with each other" as separate people), 
they have a similar outlook to many matters including 
their sexual awakening.

*********************************************************

WEEK 7
======

It was an opportunity they couldn't afford to miss - a 
$500 first prize.

Promised shares in the profits if they won, with Justin 
and Tina providing the initial outlay, their friends 
Katie and Tyler only risked embarrassment.

After being assured that their role was mainly to 
distract by simply looking beautiful ("An easy task for 
you two") they agreed to take part and were willing to 
help get things organised.

Flattery, and money, will get you anywhere, sometimes.

Justin and Tina had gone over what they wanted to do and 
had made several revisions before they were happy.  
Tina's costume was an important part of their act; she 
needed something she could quickly get into, and hide.  
Getting out of it quickly would NOT be an issue.

She talked it over with the other girls - they would have 
to wear matching outfits too.

They, a consensus of all four, decided to copy Barbara 
Eden's harem costume with a simple slip over breast band 
and pantaloons with a built in gusset; a scarf in their 
hair could be held as a veil to complete the effect.

Tyler's mother, Megan, turned out to be a whiz with a 
sewing machine and was willing to design the outfits to 
Tina's specification PROVIDED the three girls learned how 
to make them under her direction.  It was actually fun to 
get together somewhere other than Katie's basement and to 
do something new.

Mal was also prepared to help his son in his endeavour, 
though he wasn't sure where Justin got the idea he was a 
magician.  Still it only involved attaching a few sheets 
of plywood to some frameworks and a couple of coats of 
paint; they had it ready in an afternoon once they had 
collected the materials.

-----

The two girls walked home with Justin after school for 
their first run through.  Bernie greeted them and they 
accepted her offer of a drink before moving out to the 
garage with Tina.

Justin showed them how the "magic cabinets" could easily 
be assembled by joining the four flat sides to base and 
ceiling.  A matched pair, there were small hand holds 
that allowed them to be easily lifted and a flap near the 
top of one panel which allowed access to a hook.

The third cabinet was constructed somewhat differently.  
It was made up of half a dozen open-ended boxes painted 
in different colours that stacked one on top of another 
to form a rainbow.  Plywood panels could be slotted into 
groves at the top and bottom of each section so the 
contents couldn't be seen when the column was 
disassembled.

Justin gave them a run through of what to expect but 
refused, despite several suggestive bribes, to reveal how 
the tricks were to be accomplished.

"A good magician never reveals his secrets."  At least 
not THIS one!

Katie and Tyler had come up with some ideas how they 
should move around on stage and promised to get their 
dance teacher to go through their routine and help them 
polish it up.

-----

"Your black trousers are 'okay' but you don't look the 
part of a magician; you need more pizzazz.  If we are 
wearing harem outfits, why don't you follow the theme?"  
Katie had Tyler's agreement that something had to be 
done.

"I haven't got the physique to look like some guard from 
Aladdin."

Tyler responded, "Well we know you're not going to 
qualify as a eunuch."

"How about a sleeveless vest with a bit of artificial 
suntan over your white belly?  Then you can have 
pantaloons like us, a bit more macho perhaps - white 
cotton or linen rather than silks, and see if we can get 
some curly-toed slippers.  And we need some mood music - 
our dance teacher suggested "Scheherezade."

They had cornered him at school and the only advantage he 
had was that the numbers, for now, weren't stacked 
against him 3:1.  He knew Tina would side with them; hell 
HE knew they were right but it didn't make it more 
pleasant for him.  He could just imagine the ribbing he 
was in for once the other boys at school saw or heard 
about the costume he was going to have to wear.

"Mum said it's okay for you to come over tonight to get 
started on your costume.  We don't have much time left 
you know."

"Okay Tyler.  I'll have to go home first but I should be 
able to come around straight away."

"You can stay for dinner if you want; Tina can come over 
too.  Do you want to come Katie?"

"I can't tonight.  Sorry."

"I'd better call home now then.  Okay I'll see you 
later."  He shook his head, wondering if it was going to 
be worth it and whether they could in fact win, and 
checked in his pocket for change for the phone.

-----

"Hello Justin.  Nice to meet you at last.  Tyler has told 
me some nice things about you."

Tyler did the schoolgirl "Oh Mum!" routine which Justin 
tried to ignore.

"Thank you for helping us out Mrs Waters."

"You might not thank me when you're finished.  Did the 
girls tell you my condition?"

"That you only help?  I have to make my costume myself."

"That's right.  Shall we get started while Tyler gets 
dinner ready?"

"I'll help her", offered Tina.

"Okay, though she doesn't really have a lot to do.  Still 
it will keep you out of our hair, won't it Justin?"

"Yes."

Megan was surprised once they had started.  She took his 
measurements and passed him the pattern she had prepared 
for his jacket.  It was marked for several sizes since 
she wasn't sure how big he was.

She pointed out the line he would have to follow and 
showed him the fabric she had obtained on her daughter's 
authorisation; Tyler and Katie KNEW he would have to 
agree with them.

The phone rang for her and she excused herself, telling 
him not to start cutting yet.

The call ended up lasting far longer than Megan wanted 
but it was important and she and the other woman had been 
playing phone tag for two days; she couldn't afford to 
just say "I'll ring you back."  Megan couldn't believe it 
when she returned to find he had correctly traced the 
pattern and cut out the correct pieces, doubled the 
material, aligned and pinned it to his tracings AND 
threaded up the sewing machine with the correct colour 
thread.  She knew the other girls were in the kitchen so 
he couldn't have had their help.

"So you've done this before?"

"No."  Justin couldn't say he had "heard" her previous 
instruction to his sister (or rather his supposed cousin) 
Tina when she had merged with him after her earlier visit 
to Megan Water's house.  Perhaps he should have waited to 
be shown; it just seemed silly to sit around when he 
could be getting on with the job.

"Well you've done very well then."  Maybe they had made 
the instructions in the plans and the machine's operation 
more idiot-proof (with no offence intended to Justin) 
than she had thought but, regardless, he had done well.  
She double-checked how he had set out the material and 
found no fault with it.

"Okay we need to cut out each of the separate pieces and 
then we'll put them all together."

She watched him carefully, ready to stop him if he was 
going to make a mistake but as he progressed she simply 
sat and watched, making the occasional comment in order 
to feel she was contributing rather than from actual 
need.

He used the shears correctly, cutting with the fabric 
close to the fulcrum; he made the appropriate diversions 
to leave alignment marks and when he had finished he 
transferred the pattern to the material to be used for 
lining the jacket and proceeded to cut that out as well.

He wasn't a skilled dressmaker by any means but he had 
done as well as any of the three girls, and with only 
minimal intervention on her part.

They broke to eat and Tyler showed him to the bathroom to 
wash up, and to engage in a little lip lock while they 
were alone.

He fondled her plump juicy breasts (they were having 
chicken weren't they?) as she kneaded his rump (or was it 
steak?) until they both broke apart gasping for air 
(maybe fish?).  He was only happy she had left his penis 
alone; they were having spaghetti and while he wouldn't 
have complained of having a longer noodle, he certainly 
didn't want one that narrow.

"I hope Tina been keeping you from getting bored."

"I think it's Mum that stopped me getting bored - if she 
wasn't here you could have used your beautiful tongue to 
drill me."

"I'll keep your mother busy after dinner and you and Tina 
can bore each other to death if you want."

"Thank you, you're a dear.  I'd better go."

He released her with another quick kiss and a tap on her 
ample departing derriere before turning on the water and 
reaching for the soap.

-----

"Thank you Mrs Waters, that was delicious."  She would 
have liked to have added "Like your daughter" but thought 
that might not have gone down quite as well.

"Thank you Tina; I hope you had enough - and you Justin?"  
Both had taken rather small serves and she hoped they 
weren't going hungry out of a false sense of good 
manners.

"Plenty Mrs Waters.  It was lovely.  Thank you."

"Would you girls mind clearing up while we finish off 
Justin's costume?"

"No trouble Mum.  Then we'll do a bit of quiet study 
together."

"Thanks dear.  Come on Justin."

Since Tyler knew where the dried dishes had to go, Tina 
washed while she wiped.  Tyler's dad hadn't been on the 
scene for quite a while and she was an only child so 
there were never all that many dishes anyway.  It was 
only a matter of minutes before Tyler was running quietly 
down the corridor to her bedroom pulling Tina by the 
hand.

Tyler threw a couple of textbooks onto her bed, the first 
she could lay her hands on, then turned to lay her hands 
on an equally eager Tina.  As she pushed the door shut 
with her foot, she met Tina's lips for a passion-building 
kiss.

For what seemed absolute ages they stood there, simply 
hugging each other while their lips brushed over the 
other's - sometimes softly sucking or nibbling, sometimes 
bruising and brutal; while their tongues dipped back and 
forth; and while their soft young breasts heaved together 
as they strove to draw air while constrained by tightly 
encircling arms.

There was so much they WANTED to do; there was so much 
they could not risk doing.  Justin WAS going to try to 
keep Tyler's mother occupied but she could decide at any 
minute there was something she needed Tyler for - and she 
might not just call out.

Now that they had progressed further than a kiss and a 
fondle, even Katie's basement was a riskier proposition 
for them all unless one or two of them provided a 
diversion that left the others free to have fun of a more 
unrestrained type.  But they also wanted to witness each 
other's pleasure; they all seemed to share the same 
voyeuristic and exhibitionistic tendencies that made 
their loving more lusty.  THEY WANTED SOME GUARANTEED 
PRIVACY!

Taking what they could get, hands fumbled down waistbands 
and up shirt fronts.  The two young ladies couldn't 
strip, couldn't really even get rid of their underwear 
and unfortunately both were wearing jeans instead of 
their normally "more functional" skirts.

Allowances were made and the top stud of each pair of 
jeans was opened.  Since, in each case, it had popped of 
its own accord as a wriggling hand tried to travel around 
a furry corner there was no point trying to keep them 
closed anyway.

Tyler also lifted Tina's bra out, up, and over her petite 
breasts but was unable to have Tina do the same for her.  
Should Megan come in to the bedroom, Tyler's prominent 
nipples - the size of small acorns and of similar 
hardness when she was aroused - would be impossible to 
disguise; Tina could at least just lean forwards and her 
relatively looser top would hide any indiscretions.

Since Tina's tits WERE uncovered Tyler raised the top and 
bent to take a nipple between her lips.  She stroked her 
fingers through the soft lips trapped inside Tina's jeans 
and, when Tina responded in kind, unconsciously jiggled 
her hips to increase the sweet touch.

Tina found herself wondering, once again, how she could 
have ended up so lucky.  Since "coming out" - which was a 
real joke considering she and Justin had MORE to hide 
than less since she had emerged on a more permanent basis 
- Tina had been swept into one lust-filled encounter 
after another.

She might have suspected it was all Justin's fault - that 
she had been influenced by fifteen shared years of 
maleness - had it not been for the similar hedonistic 
attitudes of Tyler and Katie.  That his appreciation of 
the female form HAD been passed on to her was undeniable; 
that other girls would have a similar appreciation 
WITHOUT his tutorage was a welcome revelation; that they 
could all share the giving and receiving of pleasure a 
bonus that they were ALL thankful for.

And she was certainly thankful for the pleasure she was 
currently receiving.

With the help of her three friends, Tina had been having 
orgasms, or at least reaching the pleasant state that 
almost achieved that condition, on a regular basis.

Tyler had been experiencing them regularly as well though 
most of the time it was at her own hand.  Prior to their 
involvement with Tina and Justin, Tyler had met up with 
Katie every other Friday or perhaps Saturday night for 
something "special" though they HAD spent time together 
for other reasons.  That left somewhere between 13 and 15 
nights of nothing between the good times.  It was a 
situation of long droughts and quick floods; and the 
meetings, like that between Tina and Tyler now, were 
certainly flooded.

Tyler and Katie had acted much as Tyler and Tina were 
now; a bit of kissing and cuddling, some fondling and 
sucking of breasts and, once they had become more 
comfortable with the intimate contact with each other's 
body, some furious finger fucking.

They had been friends having fun rather than loving 
lesbians and had slowly worked up to a level of petting 
they were comfortable with.  Tina's arrival in their 
midst, and Justin's subsequent inclusion, had released 
all brakes and made them all uncomfortable in the nicest 
possible ways.

Tyler could appreciate the difference as she came in the 
"old fashioned" way, all the while wishing she could be 
burying her face where her fingers were making Tina come 
and wishing she could similarly feel Tina's tongue 
cleaning out the juices from her own sweet pussy.

-----

Katie had had to go out with her parents and brother to 
see an uncle (her father's older brother) in hospital.  
They had stayed about an hour and then the four of them 
had dinner at an inexpensive yet reasonable restaurant.  
It wasn't an unpleasant evening - the uncle wasn't 
seriously ill and was going to be released the next 
morning - and the meal was delicious if simple, but it 
was nowhere near as delicious as her young friends.

Unable to avoid thinking about them, Katie played with 
her food.  She placed a forkful into her mouth and, 
noticing the firmness of the insufficiently roasted 
potato, she ran her tongue over the curved surface.  It 
wasn't a match for Justin's knob in shape, except for 
that curve, but if filled her mouth in much the same 
manner.

Katie put her hand in front of her mouth as she 
supposedly chewed a mouthful that was a little too big.  
Instead she surreptitiously sucked and released it while 
licking all around it.  With her eyes closed she could 
imagine she was sucking on Justin, an unusual roast-
flavoured Justin but still...

Until she bit the potato in half.  There was no shouting 
or painful screams.  She opened her eyes again, grateful 
that the knob retained its undamaged existence in real 
life.  She surveyed her plate for the next instalment in 
her fantasy and looked longingly at another diner's 
grilled sausages.

-----

Justin and Megan were getting on better than he had 
expected.  His relationship with his own mother was okay, 
but it was as mother and son.  He could appreciate how 
Tina seemed to relate to her in a more casual manner but 
that depended more on their mother's attitude to her 
"prodigal" daughter.  Justin also hadn't spent much time 
with any of his mates' mothers, at least when his mates 
hadn't been around too.  On those occasions the women had 
all acted like mothers as well, with their conversation 
being directed from parent to child regardless of the 
ages of the youths.

Megan was different.  Well she probably wasn't really.  
She was a little younger than his own mother but not 
enough to make a serious difference to someone 
approaching sixteen.  She was good looking enough, an 
older version of Tyler with a few significant 
differences, but that wasn't what made it easy to get on 
with her.

Okay it didn't hurt.  If she had been some old ex-hooker 
with skin wrinkled and stained by years of chain smoking, 
with peroxide blonde hair and black roots, and with a 
boozy breath and a tendency to grope his leg it probably 
wouldn't have been as easy.

But the fact that Justin found his eyes continually 
drifting to a chest that Tyler had inherited in full 
measure was both a pleasure and an inconvenience.  He 
didn't want Megan to think he was just a hormonally-
driven male (he knew he was - he just didn't want HER to 
think that); he would prefer that she didn't consider 
that at all in view of the fact that he was seriously 
trying to work out how he could screw her daughter in six 
different ways before breakfast.

But they were nice to look at.

Megan found her temporary companion equally refreshing.  
Not many boys his age would have succumbed to the 
requirement to learn a little dressmaking in return for a 
costume that would do little to promote a macho image.  
Yet he could reasonably discuss any of the diverse topics 
that the conversation had drifted around and over while 
they worked.  And it hadn't hurt her self-esteem to 
notice the furtive glances at her body.  Neither of them 
might be interested in a sexual liaison - of a transient 
or a significant nature - with the other but Megan 
preferred she was politely appreciated to being 
studiously ignored.

The costume rapidly took form.

-----

Katie rapidly headed into the bathroom when they arrived 
home and barely got wet as she showered before changing 
into her PJs and saying goodnight.

"I've got some reading to do and then I think I'll have 
an early night.  See you in the morning."

As she returned to her room Katie picked up a couple of 
items she felt she might need while she studied.

---

Justin's hardness eased into her virgin cunt.  He was 
going to fuck her, to make a woman of her.  THAT thought 
made her laugh.  Why was getting a hard chunk of flesh 
pushed into you a measure of adulthood?  Would she have 
been less of a woman if she had stayed fooling with 
Tyler?  (Although, now she had been introduced to rug 
munching she certainly felt more alive during their 
Sapphic encounters.)

"Damn!" she though, "That broke the mood.  Now I'll have 
to start all over."

Katie pulled the carrot from her body.  As indicated in 
her little fantasy, her hole had not yet felt a male 
member, though there had been one or two (she hadn't 
really been counting - okay maybe sixteen or so if you 
wanted to treat each distinct digit separately) fingers 
and thumbs, male and female, feeling around in there.

The condom-coated carrot, serving both as a basis for 
practising the "Rubber Rollout" and for giving her a clue 
what to expect if she ever actually got Justin to take 
her cherry, waited with infinite patience for her to 
rewind her mental images so she could pick up the story 
line when it was reasonable for the carrot to transform 
into Justin's penis once again.

She had started with the narrow end.  It was similar to 
the tapering penis she had once witnessed on a dog.  She 
shunned that idea for the image of a loving young man and 
was ready to reverse the carrot for a more reasonable 
comparison with Justin's appendage once she knew she 
could handle it.

The carrot was worked back and forth, Katie taking a 
little spell every few strokes lest she come too soon.

It was okay but not great and Katie regretfully pulled it 
from her body so she could change the condom to the other 
end - perhaps that would be better.  She had sliced the 
greenery from the top so that end was the blunt base of a 
cone rather than the pointy top.  It needed a little 
effort to work it past the entrance to her vagina but, 
once inside, it was easy to manipulate.

She worked it in and out, in and out, getting nothing but 
pleasure from the object inside her and the brushing 
contact of her fingers through the juices leaking from 
her body.

A couple of firm bananas had gone missing from the 
kitchen as well and Katie let the carrot rest inside her 
for a little while as she partially peeled the banana.

Katie might only be playing at fucking, checking out what 
if felt like to have something "Justin-sized" inside her 
before she took the big step of checking out what it felt 
like to have something "Justin" inside her, but she had 
at least some experience of fellatio.

Enough experience to know she lacked adequate experience.  
That is why she now worked the banana back and forth 
between her lips while resuming the gentle carroty 
thrusts.  The flavour was no more reminiscent of Justin 
than the food had been at dinner but at least the shape 
and size was familiar.  The banana was more pistol-shaped 
than an even curve and Katie held the skin-covered grip 
while her tongue massaged the barrel as the pale yellow 
fruit moved past her lips.

Katie found herself synchronising her hand movements 
which meant that the banana started moving a little 
faster than she might have expected from Justin.  It DID 
feel nice, as nice as she anticipated he would himself 
but she couldn't deal with the mounting pressure while 
trying to see what she could do with the banana.

Besides, none of her imagined couplings with Justin 
involved him in two places at one time - no-one could do 
THAT no matter how nice it would be.  At least she was 
lucky enough to have two other friends to join them so 
they could all experience having multiple people 
pleasuring them.

But THAT didn't allow Katie to cope with her immediate 
problem and reluctantly fucking-Justin-substitute had to 
make way for blowjob-Justin-substitute.  The carrot was 
placed reverently on the bed beside her, creating a damp 
spot - but a far lesser dampness than that beneath her 
sexy ass.

Katie inhaled, sucking the banana into her mouth where 
her tongue could tickle the end.  She relaxed and pulled 
it back.  Suck in, pull out.

As her tongue pushed up from underneath, the banana 
scraped against her front teeth.  Unlike Justin, a thin 
layer was removed from the top surface successively 
thickening the coating on the enamel.  Pausing to lick it 
off Katie giggled at the image of Justin with a skinless 
sausage.  No, that WASN'T something she wanted to do to 
him; she had other plans for his sausage.

She resumed her sucking, accepting a little ongoing 
damage as inevitable.  Biting the end off wasn't.  Still 
it WAS hard to have the delicious fruit in her mouth and 
not take a bite.  Fortunately she wasn't similarly 
conditioned when giving a real blow job.

Katie chewed and swallowed then tried again.  This time 
she wondered how much she could get into her mouth at one 
time.  The amputation hadn't removed enough to notice as 
she found out when she carefully pushed the banana 
towards the back of her throat.  She struggled with the 
need to gag and then eased it just a little further.  No, 
that was IT!  There was no way she could manage any more.  
She pressed her fingers against her lips and held them in 
place as she removed the banana completely.

9 cm!  Only 3 and a half inches! It looked so pathetic.  
Was that insignificant length ALL?  Was it the best she 
could do?

Katie tried again, determined to do better but to no 
avail.  The slight increase in length (or should that be 
depth?) might have only been due to her fingers being 
moved as she reacted to an overwhelming need to gag.  Her 
frustration was taken out on the banana, the firm fruit 
rapidly turned to mush that slid down her throat much 
easier than what she ended up with from Justin if she 
wasn't careful.

It had all been fun (she didn't know if it had been 
educational though) but she didn't feel like repeating it 
with the remaining banana.  As she picked up the latex- 
coated carrot she mentally compared the tapering object 
with the banana she had been sucking on and its wider 
mate, still with its tough green tinged skin.

Katie pulled off the dried, black remains of the flower 
and swapped the condom over from the carrot to the 
banana.  The loose tube at the bottom of the carrot was 
gone; the banana filled it right up.  If it had been 
closer to Christmas Katie might have taken it as a sign 
she had been a good girl all year - if her stocking 
wasn't full, at least the rubber was.

The wider object would have taken a little more effort 
fitting it into place than it did had Katie not been 
sopping wet.  She eased it back and forth as she lay back 
with her knees bent so she could push up against the 
penetrating fruity phallus.

This had to be more like how Justin would feel, surely.  
If it was even close her fantasies would make it even 
harder for her to hold out until her planned deflowering 
date.  The presence of the bulk of the not insignificant 
banana inside her provided proof that any such 
deflowering would be merely symbolic.  Some might even 
suggest that fucking herself with fingers, carrots and 
bananas was likely to put paid to any claim she might 
have to virginal innocence - and that was to ignore the 
balance of her sexual experiences to one side.

Thinking of fucking Justin (eventually!) meant, for the 
moment in her private little world, that he WAS inside 
her.  Katie responded to his thrusts with quiet 
encouragement.

It had to be quiet - while she was as confident as a 
person guiltily masturbating could be that her parents 
weren't going to hear her from a couple of rooms away, 
her brother was just as likely to have his ear against 
her bedroom door.  Having him listening would be worse 
than her parents hearing.  THEY would be more 
understanding of a private moment of pleasure (though the 
use of greengrocery probably wouldn't sit well with 
them); the involvement of her younger brother - even if 
he was at fault for deliberately eavesdropping - would be 
a considered a different, and far more serious, matter.

Her encouragement changed to stifled moans and a gasping 
for breath as one of her better orgasms swept over the 
bed and its regrettably singular occupant.

As she recovered she had a thought.  Perhaps Justin would 
like a banana to eat with his lunch at school tomorrow.

-----

"Goodnight and thanks for everything.  Goodnight Tyler."

"Are you sure you don't want a lift?"

"No, thanks.  It really isn't that far and it's fine 
tonight.  We'll be okay."

"All right then.  Goodnight to you both.  I'll see you on 
the night if not before."

Megan Waters watched them for a couple of minutes before 
dragging her daughter inside.  It had been an 
interesting, indeed pleasant, evening.  Tyler would have 
only agreed with the unspoken evaluation but for a 
completely different set of reasons.

She and Tina had been able to accomplish enough that both 
were satisfied; though neither would have discouraged 
further games, it unfortunately just hadn't been the 
right time or place.

They had come together and rested, recovering in each 
other's arms as they had weathered their own tempestuous 
inner storms within identical caring embraces.  They lay 
across the bed, dishevelled and initially uncomfortable 
until the offending books were pushed aside, their lips 
now gentle as they looked into their lover's eyes.

It was strange that they could feel such overwhelming 
passion and care so much for, indeed love, the other yet 
not feel the jealousy in many more "standard" 
relationships.  The way the four had come together ("met" 
not "peaked") meant none of them felt they were being 
discarded by a former friend (and playmate); their circle 
had instead expanded.

It didn't mean that they couldn't feel envious of the 
pleasure that two or even three of the others were 
experiencing on a particular occasion but they knew there 
was no exclusivity - they were welcomed yet free to 
observe, to join in, to seek other solitary or partnered 
pleasure or even to leave as they wished.  Tyler felt 
that the whole arrangement was much better than some of 
the bitchiness and acrimonious break ups she and Katie 
had witnessed at or after school.

The pair had freshened up and checked each other's attire 
before returning to the study where Megan had set up her 
sewing room.  Justin was watching Megan demonstrate a 
final touch and then finished under the observant gazes 
of three sets of female eyes.

"All done", he was relieved.

"Not quite", Megan contradicted, "Now you have to try it 
on."

The two girls laughed at Justin's countenance.

"Oh well", he thought, "it was always inevitable; they 
are going to see it some time - might as well be now."

"Wouldn't it be better to see how it looks against the 
others?"  If he had to dress up, why couldn't they?  He 
had Tina's view of the others but a glance in the mirror 
at her body wasn't the same as being there with them 
while they were scantily clad.  The fact he had shared 
their near or full nakedness made no difference - clothes 
can be sexy too.

"Good idea.  Take your costumes girls and let me see the 
whole effect.  Justin can change in the bathroom."

Tina and Tyler wished they had thought of getting dressed 
up sooner.  It would have allowed them to get stripped 
off with a valid excuse!  Pity Justin was being sent 
elsewhere though.

The trio disappeared while Megan turned off the power and 
tidied up the scraps and threads.  She put the kettle on 
after depositing her rubbish in the kitchen's waste bin 
and was so busy getting cups and coffee ready that she 
paid little attention to the trio.

Tyler had ignored her mother's direction and, copying her 
earlier seizure of Tina's arm, dragged Justin 
unprotesting into her room where she started stripping 
him.  Tina closed the door behind and began to remove her 
own clothing.  "Hurry up, we won't have much time!"

"Time for what?" wondered Justin.

As Tyler pulled his pants and underwear down to his 
ankles and THEN worried about his shoes, Justin lifted 
his t-shirt over his head.  He only hoped Tyler's mother 
didn't decide to follow them in.

Tyler pushed him onto the bed and ripped off shoes and 
socks before making him completely nude.

"Get him hard while I change", she instructed Tina.

"That won't be difficult, see!"

Justin's penis was visibly growing as they stared.

Tyler grinned and began pulling her own clothes off.  
Soon all three were naked together.

On her own turf, Tyler was making plans as she went.  She 
knew roughly how long they would have and was going to 
see if she could get Justin to come as well.  There 
wasn't going to be any opportunity for fancy technique or 
for her and Tina to have more fun as well but they could 
get some pleasure from pleasuring him.

Tina began to stroke and then suck on her brother's prick 
then let Tyler take over when she knelt beside her.  She 
saw Tyler was partially dressed and took the opportunity 
to pull on her own exotic pantaloons.  Neither girl 
stopped to consider whether their excitement would leave 
them starched.

Tyler was bobbing her head, cheeks dented with the 
suction she was applying and it must have been having 
some effect as Tina could see light under Justin's 
backside.  Tina climbed up beside her brother and let him 
lick on the nipple she dangled over his mouth while she 
proceeded to circle his with her tongue.

"Soon" he warned, his fingers clenching Tyler's 
bedclothes.  She would have to make the bed yet AGAIN 
when they had finished.  Ignoring that for now she 
reached around on the floor and grabbed the panties she 
had so recently removed.  They were still warm.

Waiting until she felt him tense Tyler continued to blow 
the teenage boy and then, nearing the last possible 
moment, her mouth was replaced by the soft cotton 
clenched in her hand.

Tyler covered the throbbing knob as the spurting started 
and massaged his prick through the doubled over fabric.  
It wasn't as nice as her mouth had been but, during the 
throes of his spewing release, Justin barely noticed.

Tina released him with a kiss and went to don her top.  
She could stop Megan coming looking while the others 
cleaned up.  It had been fun to watch Tyler making her 
brother come and she grew a little wetter anticipating 
reliving the experience when they next merged; she would 
make SURE that was soon while the memory was fresh.

Gathering up her scarf she left them "to it".

---

"Can you help me fix this in my hair please?"

---

Justin helped Tyler attach her own scarf before exploring 
how easily her breasts were accessible under her top.  
Tyler's own hands were resting inside his waistcoat and 
she rubbed her thumbs over his nipples in imitation of 
his actions - though she, spreading her fingers in the 
same manner, had no soft masses to mould gently.  
Sometimes she wished Justin was a girl too - while at the 
same time appreciating the fact that he wasn't.

They had to be satisfied with a quick kiss and cuddle; 
Megan would get suspicious of any undue delay.

---

"Oh your hair's done." 

"Justin fixed it up for me."

Megan couldn't really understand why he had needed to, 
for that matter Tina should have been able to do her own.  
Was something funny going on?

Megan, ostensibly lining them up for comparison, was 
checking out other matters.  Her daughter certainly was a 
little flushed; and her nipples made noticeable shadows 
on the front of her top.  Justin too seemed to be filling 
out his outfit a little more than a boy "at rest" would 
have.

"Oh, ho!" she thought, "Like that is it?"

Megan understood about the birds and the bees and 
teenagers.  She wasn't opposed to a little safe fooling 
around - emphasis on "safe" and preference on "little" - 
and Justin seemed likeable.  She would just have to have 
another mother-daughter talk, the next in an ongoing 
series, and soon!

She couldn't know that the talk would have been too late 
and, if it had also dealt with matters similar to the 
secret relationship between her daughter and the other 
girls, would have been several months overdue.

Tyler, unaware of her mother's mild concern, merely 
voiced her approval for the overall effect.  Even without 
the talk she was being careful and couldn't have been 
safer than in the arms of her three young companions and 
lovers.

*********************************************************

