Jessa Meets Her Match
by BPClavel

Jessa Meets Her Match: Ch. 7, The Cabin (Chapter 7)

Nick’s friends were sitting down, but they stood, dusting themselves off, as Nick and I approached. My instincts were screaming for me to cover up, but I kept my hands down, awkwardly pressing a thumb into each of my thighs to give my hands a place to be that left me completely exposed.

Catherine had been right – I hadn’t been able to come up with an alternate explanation – at least not one that I wanted to try and sell to Nick’s friends. For that reason, I’d decided to go the exhibitionist route. Catherine had called that the ‘path of least resistance.’ That morning, she’d been right – Nick had been up to something. I hadn’t doubted it, but I’d discounted the risk. Now, I was paying the price for ignoring her concerns. It was high time that I started paying a little more attention to what Catherine had to say.

Her last piece of advice to me had been, “Just try and have fun.” On the face of it, that was a ludicrous suggestion given the conspiracy that had been directed at me. However, that morning I had been cajoled into hiking naked. Somehow, I’d found it within myself to enjoy that. But, making lemonade out of lemons – it seemed impossible in my current situation. And yet, I didn’t want to be miserable. Naked and miserable – that was a combination to be avoided. Just maybe, Catherine was more in touch than I’d realized. Her perspective and experience was something that I might benefit from, were I to make the effort, I realized.

Right in front of Nick’s friends, I chickened out, interlocking my fingers, my hands down in front. It wasn’t exactly covering up, but it had much of that effect.

“So, Kimberly, but without the ‘berly,’” I said, attempting to strip all emotion from my voice. She and her husband weren’t to blame for my predicament – certainly not like Nick was. “Nick tells me that he has known you for years.”

“Years and years,” she said with a friendly nod, her hazel eyes boring searchingly into mine.

She had about four inches on me, making her about five-eight. Her hair was back in a short ponytail. An attractive dusting of freckles on her cheeks and across her nose attested to the authenticity of her light red hair. In her casual outfit, nothing about her appearance said police officer, but from the way she was looking at me, my sense was that she’d seen it all.

“Water,” I said, turning to Nick. My mouth was bone dry. Part of it was my discomfort, but it had been a long time since we’d last taken a break.

He pulled a bottle from his pack, handing it to me. As I took a drink, Kim moved to the side.

“And this is Kim’s husband, Brent,” Nick said, completing the introductions.

His hair was nearly black, but the severity of his widow’s peak seemed to indicate that he’d be bald long before turning grey. He took a step forward, extending a hand in greeting. Having a man reaching toward me was instantly too much. Surprising myself, I shifted quickly to be next to Nick. He’d just betrayed my trust, but, in that situation, he was the closest thing I had to a comfort zone. Without conscious thought, I’d angled an arm across my breasts and my other hand had gone down between my legs. I’d been trying to avoid doing that.

“I’m sorry,” Brent said, quickly pulling back.

I took a breath. I didn’t want to be so jittery, but there wasn’t much I could do about it. It was just so bizarre to be meeting people while nude. I took another breath, forcing myself to think about Catherine’s words. ‘Just try and have fun,’ she’d said.

“No, I’m sorry,” I said, looking at Brent and attempting a smile. I considered making amends by extending my own hand. The only problem was that my right hand was on my pussy. Even if it might be dry, one just didn’t take their hand from between their legs and offer it to a stranger. And aside from that, doing so would involve again exposing myself. Yes, there didn’t need to be a handshake.

“Wow! Nick, you’ve really outdone yourself with this one,” Kim said. As she spoke, her eyes were up on my face, but she had been looking me up and down. “When you lost Amber, I never imagined you’d trade up.”

I didn’t know what to say. Even if I was going to make an effort to ‘have fun,’ I didn’t like the idea of being compared to Nick’s ex – especially since all that Kim had to go on was the appearance of my naked body.

“Prettier than Amber? You think so?” Nick asked, his eyebrows shifting thoughtfully together.

“Oh, this is too much,” I said, finding my voice and looking away.

“Agreed,” said Brent, unexpectedly coming to my defense. “You guys are embarrassing her. Just look at her cheeks.”

I knew they were burning – of course they were – I was butt naked. I’m not sure I had ever been more embarrassed. There was, however, a silver lining in having him point it out. My cheeks were above my neck.

A change of subject was in order. Attempting to smile, I said to the group, “Okay, so I’ve been lied to … tricked … all three of you conspiring. It’s entirely obvious just how ashamed of yourselves you all are.” My tone was purposefully facetious. Even if I was going to try and not let my circumstances get me down, Brent and Kim needed to know that they were co-conspirators in an ill-conceived affair.

As I watched, Brent glanced nervously over at his wife. He was definitely uncomfortable. I studied Kim, doing my best to discern her reaction. She was a bit more difficult to read.

“But … even so,” I continued. “Here we are. What now?”

Nick laughed. I was so glad he found that funny. I rewarded him with a sharp elbow to the rib cage even though it was a knee to the nuts that he deserved.

I saw him wince in pain as I returned my arm to my breasts. There had been a lot of adrenaline powering that blow. I thought about apologizing, but I was the one who was owed an apology.

“By the way, Jessa, I love your hair,” Kim interjected. “I’m thinking … well … it looks retro, right?”

Her comment caught me by surprise. Suddenly, I wasn’t just a piece of meat. I’d cut my blonde hair to match Catherine’s – curtain bangs on the sides, tapering down to pass just over my shoulders. It had been long, but now it reached only about four inches down my back. “It is … eighties,” I said softly, feeling just a tiny bit more like a human being.

“It’s cute,” she replied. Our eyes met. Her smile looked warm and genuine.

“So, I don’t suppose any of you happen to have clothes for me?” I asked. I was pretty sure I knew what the answer would be, but I thought they should all be on record as denying the embarrassed, naked woman the one thing that she needed most.

There were smiles all around – awkward looking smiles – but offers of clothing failed to materialize.

“How about you, Brent?” I asked, singling him out. He seemed my best chance, and he was wearing a shirt that he could theoretically get by without.

He shrugged. It was obvious that they were all in cahoots. I made the conscious decision to give up. Focusing too heavily on my victim status would keep me from the enjoyment that Catherine had advised me to seek. I was still mad – mostly at Nick. I was also finding it difficult to think angry thoughts when the embarrassment of being naked was front and center in my brain.

A short time later, we were walking west on the ancient paved road. It was slow going. I didn’t want anyone behind me, so if someone slowed, I slowed even more. I tried to think of it as a game, a fun game perhaps, but that was difficult – I was mostly trying to keep them from looking at my butt. I was wishing I could consult with Catherine. Maybe she could explain to me just how I was supposed to set aside my embarrassment enough to have fun. Sure, I’d gotten to that point that morning, but the presence of two more people made the circumstances entirely different.

“How far?” I asked.

“About a mile,” Brent responded.

That surprised me. I hadn’t imagined that there might be cabins that close. And there weren’t. What he had meant was that it was a mile to the gate. It was a gate much like the one Nick had opened that morning. I hesitated. Nick had convinced me to go naked, in part, because it was a secure military area. And now, I was supposed to leave that area. I looked over at him.

“It’ll be alright, Jessa,” he said in a reassuring tone.

I rolled my eyes, wondering why I had trusted him. Why did he have to be so goddamn handsome? Had his looks been a factor? A moment later, I went ahead and ducked under the gate. Just beyond, we came to their Jeep. My heart sank. I didn’t want it to be farther. I especially didn’t want to get into a vehicle.

“You said it was just a mile,” I said, glaring at Brent.

“To the Jeep, I meant. Isn’t that what you were asking?”

I sucked in a breath, trying to recall the earlier conversation. I now had a decision to make. Was I going to get into a Jeep?

“It’ll be alright,” Nick said in the same reassuring tone.

“That’s what you’ve been saying all along,” I complained.

“And nothing bad has happened.”

I was dumbfounded. He clearly was unable to see things from my perspective.

“Guys up front, ladies in back,” Kim said with a friendly smile, leading me to the Jeep. I didn’t resist. What else was I to do? Kim and Brent did seem congenial. They were co-conspirators, but they hadn’t instigated my ambush.

Unlike Nick’s Jeep, this one had a roll bar but no top. Even though the rear seats were higher up than the front ones, I was glad to not be riding in front. It was a two-door model, and like the top, the doors had been removed.

Following Kim into the front and then between the seats, I climbed into the back. It was tricky, but I went to a great deal of effort to avoid pointing my camera at either of the guys. It was embarrassing enough to be nude without offering up that view.

Kim helped me buckle, the shoulder belt passing between my breasts. And then we were driving. I hoped it wouldn’t be far, but truth be told, I was afraid to ask. I felt so exposed, but at least the sides of the Jeep came up high enough to hide my bare hip. One thing was particularly nice – the wind in my hair. In keeping with Catherine’s advice, I decided to focus on that rather than the awkwardness of my nudity. I closed my eyes. Tilting my head back, I gave it a shake.

A short distance from the gated area, the road turned to dirt – bumpy and full of weeds. That forced both of my hands up onto the roll cage, leaving my breasts completely unsupported. They were knocking around on my chest like there was no tomorrow. Even a sturdy bra would have had a great deal of trouble holding them in place. Nick, right in front of me in the passenger seat, kept glancing back, his eyes always straying down to my chest.

“Shouldn’t you be filming these puppies?” I asked, making sure that my tone was dripping with sarcasm.

“Good idea,” he said, pulling out his phone.

I quickly went full hand-bra. “It was a joke!”

He laughed, smiling. “I know it was,” he said with a wink, slipping his phone back into his pocket.

It was my turn to laugh. He’d gotten me. For a second there, I’d thought that he was actually intending to film my breasts bouncing around as we made our way from bump to bump. I had to immediately let go of my breasts, putting my hands back where they needed to be – up on the roll cage.

“Brent, eyes forward!” Kim yelled a time or two. As far as I was concerned, she needed to be more insistent. He’d almost driven off the road at one point.

But then we slowed and transitioned back onto pavement – an actual road, complete with a center stripe. I wasn’t at all happy to see that, but it did allow me to return my hands to my breasts. We passed a car and then another.

I finally gave in and asked, “So, how much farther?”

“Almost there. Just three more miles,” Brent replied. “Ten miles from the gate.”

I couldn’t believe it. I would never have agreed, had I known. I added up the distances in my head. Four plus one plus ten. I was going to be fifteen miles from my clothes. That seemed unimaginable – like a world in which clothes didn’t exist – at least not for me.

And what made it worse, was that we seemed to be headed into a small town. I had my breasts almost fully covered, but even with them hidden in my hands, there was nothing I could do to keep from looking topless.

We passed a few people on the sidewalk. I kept my eyes ahead, believing that they might be less likely to notice me if I wasn’t looking at them. It wasn’t much, but it was all I had. I wanted to take off my boots to be able to see Catherine. Viewing things optimistically, I thought she might have suggestions for how I might better ‘enjoy’ my situation. One thing was true. Being naked wasn’t nearly as bad when I was thinking along those lines. Just like I’d discovered earlier in the day, it was all about transforming anxiety into exhilaration.

But even though I wanted to be reminded of Catherine’s presence, there was no way I was going to take my hands away from my breasts right then to untie my boots. I again closed my eyes. Leaning my head back, I felt the wind take my hair. The air in the forest had been stagnant and stuffy, but with the Jeep zipping along, there was an invigorating breeze swirling all around inside the passenger compartment. It had stiffened my sensitive nipples. I found myself discreetly pinching them between my palms and my thumbs, hoping that no one would notice.

A moment later, we turned off the pavement and were again navigating a poorly maintained gravel road. I tried holding on with just one hand, but it was too bumpy. I had to have both hands on the roll bar.

“Film you now?” Nick asked, a sparkle in his eyes.

“You better not,” I said with a scowl, but I knew he was messing with me. “Shouldn’t you be apologizing, not teasing?”

He nodded, leaving me perplexed. It was hardly an apology.

As he turned back around, I glanced down. My nipples were so pointy that their shadows stretched across my breasts, transforming my areolas into miniature sundials. I regretted that I had just been pinching them.

I looked over at Kim, wondering if she had noticed. She did happen to be looking at me. “They’re real, I can tell … the way they bounce,” she remarked quietly, her words clearly meant just for me. “When I first saw you, I wasn’t sure.”

I looked away. In a way, that was one of the worst things about having great tits – people jumping to the conclusion that they were likely fake.

“We’re here,” Brent announced, coasting to a stop.

I breathed a sigh of relief. We were in front of a rustic but lovely two-story log cabin.

“We overlook a small stream. I’ll show you,” Kim said, hopping out. She did seem to be making a real effort to treat me like an equal. I appreciated that.

Looking around, I couldn’t see a stream. I unbuckled and started to climb out. It was again difficult to keep from pointing my butt at any of them.

Facing Nick, I managed as best I could. Even though I wasn’t quite able to keep my knees together, I minimized my exposure by being quick about it. A second later, I had my feet on the ground.

Brent led Nick inside, and I followed Kim. She went up a couple of steps and then around the cabin, to a large deck that faced the stream she had mentioned.

“Okay to take off my boots?” I asked, taking a seat on a bench next to a large hot tub.

“Of course. Please make yourself at home,” she encouraged.

Wondering if we might all go in later that evening, I studied the hot tub while picking at my laces. Would the others go nude? That would certainly level the playing field.

Seemingly reading my thoughts, Kim spoke. “Unfortunately, it’s empty. We only use it in winter. It’s wonderful, especially when it’s snowing. I love to relax in the hot water and catch snowflakes on my tongue.”

I nodded. “That does sound nice,” I agreed, but that it was empty was disappointing. Of course, no one else would be getting naked.

With my shoes and socks off, I looked around for Catherine. I wouldn’t be able to talk to her, but just having her with me seemed as if it might make my time with the Spencers quite a bit more bearable.

“Looking for something?” Kim asked.

I froze. “Oh, just looking,” I said, making a mental note to be more careful.

Kim smiled. “I’ll get some snacks and make a jug of lemonade. You’re probably thirsty. I know I am.”

“Lemonade sounds great,” I said (mostly because it did). However, since she was talking to me like a fellow human being, I felt the need to respond in kind.

“Okay. Coming right up. In the meantime, you might enjoy wading. Nothing feels better after a hike … to me, anyway.” She pointed out a path to what looked like a small man-made beach.

On my way to the stream, I kept my eyes open for Catherine. I was quite surprised that she was nowhere to be seen. Considering that, I decided she’d most likely followed Brent and Nick inside – to have a look at the interior of the cabin.

The cool, flowing water did feel wonderful on my feet. They’d been cooped up in boots all day – jealous of the rest of my body. It was nice to have a moment to myself. I tried to forget about being naked, but it was difficult – it had been such a stimulating day. Angled away from the cabin, I brought a few fingers to my lower lips. A moment later, I was strumming them as if they were guitar strings. Never before had they gotten so much fresh air. I imagined that it was quite healthy for them, as well as for my vagina just within. My lady bits felt so alive – happy and alive. They liked the attention even more than my nipples had enjoyed being pinched while we’d been driving.

I squatted down, my butt just touching the water. It was chilly. I started splashing water on my legs and wherever else it happened to land, cooling myself down and washing away the trail dust in the process. It felt so good – invigorating. I found myself wishing that the steam was deep enough to go for a swim. A dip in Bates Pond would have been ideal right then.

I decided that I was proud of myself. Catherine’s suggestion had seemed ludicrous at first. Maybe I wasn’t exactly enjoying myself, but at the very least, I was no longer the pathetic victim that I’d been in those first minutes after encountering Kim and Brent unexpectedly in the forest. I’d been tricked, but I hadn’t been beaten. My spirit was intact.

A few minutes later, I felt the eyes of the others on my back. They had congregated around a table on the porch. I stood up, shaking a little to get the excess water off my butt. Still dripping, I made my way up onto the porch. For some reason, it was embarrassing to be freshly shaved and wet down there – even thought that made little sense. It was water from the stream.

No one offered me a towel, so I plopped my bare ass down on one of the wooden chairs. That got some of my body hidden – not my breasts.  I took a sip of lemonade – fresh squeezed! Even though it was delicious, my mind was elsewhere. I was growing quite distressed. Remembering the candy necklace, I took it off. Without it, I was completely nude. Still no Catherine.

“Are you alright?” Kim asked. “You look pale … like you’ve seen a ghost.”

I chuckled – an ill at ease snicker. I had the opposite problem.

Leaning close to Nick, I whispered, “Cathers … she isn’t here.”

He cocked his head and wrinkled his brow, but he didn’t say anything. He looked at me. There was compassion in his eyes. I was glad I’d shared my concern.

After downing the contents of my glass, I asked Kim if I might use the restroom. She led me inside, pointing it out. I went in, closing the door behind me. Still no Catherine.

After relieving myself, I did a little snooping. Inside a closet, I found some towels. Even though my skin was dry, I took one out and wrapped it around myself, tucking the loose end down between my breasts. It was just the right size. I looked at my reflection in the mirror. I was no longer naked!

A white robe on a hook caught my eye – a terry cloth robe. I folded the towel, returning it to the closet. “Cathers, goddamn it. Where are you?” I said aloud as I turned, looking for her, but in vain. Slipping the robe on, I again studied myself in the mirror. Tying the sash around my waist, I went out to rejoin the others.

All eyes were on me as I approached the table, but nothing was said. I took my seat as if nothing had changed. I wanted someone to say something so that I could give them all a piece of my mind. Truth be told, I didn’t know for sure if I would do that; Catherine had me so preoccupied.

After some potato chips and another glass of lemonade, I was feeling the effects of a long, physically and emotionally taxing day. “Could I lie down for a bit?”

Kim replied. “Not a problem. There’s a bed and a couch inside, or, if you’d prefer, there’s a hammock in that grove.” She was pointing out a group of trees a short distance upstream from where I’d waded into the water.

I decided to give the hammock a try. Nick accompanied me there.

“What do you think might have happened to her?” he asked, once we were out of earshot.

“I don’t know,” I said, quickly slipping off the robe and having another look around. “She’s dead, so nothing can hurt her, right?”

“But one day she might simply disappear, completing her journey. Something has her stuck between this world and the next.”

I nodded. I’d thought the same thing. It was my guess that it had to do with her murder. A resolution there would likely release her. I wanted that for her, and yet I knew it would be hard on me. I couldn’t bear the thought of losing her. I was hoping it hadn’t already happened. We hadn’t parted on the best of terms. I hadn’t even said goodbye.

“Jessa, I know you’re mad at me, but let me explain,” Nick pleaded.

“You’re an asshole. End of story. Now leave me alone.”

“We probably should have talked about this in advance…”

“You think?”

“Please hear me out. This visit, in spite of what I led you to believe, was always all about Catherine. My intent was to introduce her to Kim and Brent. So … for Catherine … just like the donuts. Don’t you see? I thought that it might make her feel even more alive. I can’t see her. I can’t hear her. But, even so, she and I have connected. Like … I’ve actually gotten to know her. It seems to me that she could meet Kim and Brent, on similar terms. Get to know them as well. But that of course requires your nudity. I hope you understand. I don’t want you to be mad.”

“Oh, I understand completely. Like I said, you’re an asshole. Now get lost. I wasn’t kidding about wanting to take a nap.”

I saw the look of disappointment on his face, but his explanation did nothing for me.

“Jessa, I’m sorry. I really am.”

“You should be. But right now, I’m not in the mood for an apology.”

With his tail between his legs, Nick left. I put the robe back on and climbed into the hammock. Ignoring his lame excuse and his apology, I focused on the calming burbling of the mountain stream and was soon asleep.

When I awoke, it took me a few seconds to figure out where I was, but lying there awake, I started considering what Nick had said. Even if it had been for Catherine, he had no right to decide who got to see my naked body. Similarly, he had no right to decide who got to learn that I was able to communicate with a ghost. That decision was up to me – well, Catherine and me – no one else.

I got up. Peering cautiously at the cabin through the trees, I again slipped off the robe to look around. Still no Catherine. Putting the robe back on, I made my way toward the cabin. Nick and Brent were seated on the porch, each of them with a beer in hand.

“How was your nap?” Nick asked.

“Where’s Kim?” I asked Brent, not wanting to give Nick the time of day.

“Inside. Working on dinner,” He replied.

“Maybe I can help her,” I said, taking my leave.

Kim was in the kitchen. She was busy marinating some steaks.

“I hope you’re not a vegetarian,” she said, glancing up. “But if you are, I’ve got a good option in mind.”

“Nope. I was once … lasted about a week.”

She didn’t need any help, but she poured me an ice tea and I sat at the counter while she worked. The barstool was comfortable, allowing me to relax.

“I’m glad you found my robe,” she said. “I hope you’re not mad at Brent and me. Nick assured us it would be fine.”

“It’s Nick I’m mad at.”

“Well, try not to be too mad. He’s a good guy, but I understand. He really blew it this time, didn’t he?”

Pursing my lips, I nodded.

“If you’d like, I’ll help you find something else to wear. You’re thin, but some of my things might fit okay.”

“The robe is fine. It’s comfortable. I’ll stick with it, if you don’t mind,” I replied. I didn’t tell her, but what I liked about it was how easy it was to slip on and off.

With Kim working on dinner, we finally had a chance to get acquainted.

Contrary to what Nick had said, she was no longer employed as a police officer. That week she’d started a new position with a charity. She just hadn’t yet had the chance to tell Nick.

As she explained it, an officer she’d worked with had been killed while on duty – a tragic auto accident. He’d left behind a young wife and three small children. Kim had gotten involved, seeking donations to help the young family. She’d been quite successful and her efforts had caught the attention of a national organization that did just that – raise money on behalf of the survivors of police officers who were killed in the line of duty.

This national charity focused specifically on establishing college trust funds for the children of fallen police officers. It was inspiring to listen to her talk. She was so passionate. It seemed clear to me that she might have finally found her calling. She would be heading up fund-raising efforts for the six New England states. It wasn’t a very well-compensated position, but Brent’s business was adequately successful, allowing her the flexibility to pursue, as she put it, “something that could make a difference in the lives of some very deserving children.” To keep overhead low, she’d be working out of her home.

All in all, it was a very moving conversation. I was well on my way to liking Kim. She came across as compassionate, not at all self-centered. Her enthusiasm for helping others was truly infectious. Listening to her talk was putting into perspective my embarrassment and other selfish concerns relating to having been nude.

Just as the stereotype dictated, Brent took over once the meat was ready to go on the grill. He even donned an apron that read, ‘The Grillmaster.’

“Boys will be boys,” Kim whispered, angling her head toward mine. “I do ninety percent of the work and he acts as if he’s in charge of dinner. All because he lights the barbeque and flips the steaks.”

I groaned in sympathy. Her comment made me think of Nick. Some of his failings might be attributable to his gender. Men were certainly wired differently than women. But it was more than that – he had failings that couldn’t be laid on the doorstep of his XY chromosomes. He had played an awful trick on me – that was all him. He’d apologized. But even though I was no longer thinking of dumping him, I certainly wasn’t ready to forgive him. It was a weakness, that I knew, but I was still attracted to the guy. His mix of masculinity, compassion, and stupidity worked for me. Again – my mom was right. My taste in men had never been the greatest.

But, whatever I decided, I couldn’t let Nick off the hook scot free. He’d wronged me. If I wasn’t going to dump him, then I had to find a way to get him back. But that was something I was good at. I smiled to myself. Nick would pay – maybe not right away – but he would pay.

Kim and Brent served wine with dinner. At first, I was intending to not have much to drink, but someone kept topping up my glass. At least that was what I was telling myself – even if that someone happened to be a certain blonde from Arizona.

But then I noticed Nick pouring wine into my glass. “Hey! What do you think you’re doing?”

“Just being friendly,” he said. He looked taken aback by my outburst.

I frowned. “You’re trying to get me drunk.”

He shrugged, pouring the contents of my glass into his.

“Hey,” I complained, refilling my glass from the bottle. “I can get myself drunk, thank you.”

“I just remembered,” said Brent. “Nick, didn’t you say that Jessa had a magic trick? Rock, paper, scissors.”

“It was Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, Spock,” Kim corrected.

“Oh, now you’re really in trouble,” I said, glaring at Nick. But a moment later, there were tears in my eyes. Not that I would have, but I couldn’t do my ‘magic trick’ – not without Catherine. I hadn’t slipped the robe off in a long time, but I was relatively certain that she was still missing in action.

Nick tried to comfort me. For some reason, I let him put his arm around my shoulders. To my surprise, it felt nice to be held. He whispered into my ear, “That’s all I told them … that you had a magic trick. Absolutely nothing about a ghost. Nothing about Catherine.”

I was biting a thumbnail. I knew Nick was hoping I would accept his apology. Maybe his intentions weren’t all bad, but his methods were. Nothing that he’d done should have been undertaken without first obtaining my permission.

After dinner, Kim opened another bottle of wine while Brent and Nick built a fire in a circle of stones located between their deck and the stream.

A short time later, we were all sitting around a roaring campfire. It was such a pleasant evening. I found myself enjoying the company. Brent and Kim were warm, genuine people, and it didn’t seem to be just the wine that had me liking them.

“Now, how about that magic trick?” Brent again asked out of the blue.

I looked over at Nick. His expression was difficult to read. “Is she here?” he mouthed.

I shook my head. “I don’t know. I doubt it.”

He nodded, returning his attention to the fire, which by then was mostly coals.

“Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, Spock,” I muttered to myself, thinking back to the evening I had revealed Catherine’s existence to Nick.

“So, how does it go?” Brent asked, looking up as he was putting a log on the fire.

Nick placed a finger to his lips. “Shhh…” he said to Brent. “She’s thinking about it.”

Was I? I downed the rest of what was in my glass and handed it to Nick for a refill.

Standing up, I undid the sash. It had probably been almost three hours since I’d last checked. Not wanting Kim’s robe to get dirty, I went up on their porch. Slipping it off, I draped it over a chair. I wasn’t expecting to see Catherine, and I didn’t. Maybe it was the wine, but I decided to stay naked. They’d already seen everything, and I wanted to keep an eye out for Catherine.

I saw the confusion in Kim’s eyes as I made my way back to the fire.

“Is she here?” Nick asked quietly. I saw the hopeful look in his eyes. He wanted Catherine to be there every bit as much as I.

I turned, slowly verifying that she wasn’t. Again meeting Nick’s gaze, I shook my head. The anticipation drained from his face.

“Is who here?” Kim asked.

Looking at her, Nick shook his head, obviously attempting to convey that she should drop the subject. He handed me my glass and I sat back down. But as my eyes returned to the fire, I heard something – something just barely discernible above the constant burbling of the brook. I looked at the others, wondering if they had heard it too.

I stood up, my glass sliding from my fingers. Fortunately, Nick caught it just as I let go. Catherine was there. She was behind Brent, ankle deep in the stream, softly illuminated by the flickering light of the fire.

Tears of joy streaming down my face, I yelled at her. “Where were you, goddamn it?”

Nick stood up as I turned toward him. Momentarily forgetting our differences, we hugged one another. He seemed to be every bit as emotional and relieved as I.

“Who’s she talking to?” Brent asked, turning to look at the stream behind him.

“What?” Catherine said.

“Answer me,” I insisted, going around Nick to get closer. “Where were you?”

“What’s with the attitude? You said you wanted your space. Your alone time with Nick.”

“I said that?”

“You don’t remember? I went and visited Dirk. It had been a while.”

“You scared me,” I said, wading into the water. I hugged her. As usual, it didn’t really work, but I did it anyway.

“What’s she doing?” I heard Kim ask.

“Just wait,” I heard Nick say.

“Next time, tell me,” I told her.

“I can’t always do that. You get dressed and…”

“I know. I’m sorry. But you came back!”

“Of course I came back.”

I breathed a sigh of relief. I turned and glanced at the others, studying their various expressions.

“I think we’re going to need another chair,” I said to no one in particular.

“And a wine glass?” Nick asked.

I turned to Catherine and saw her nod. “And a wine glass,” I confirmed.

Kim and Brent looked as confused as ever, but within a couple of minutes the circle had been expanded to make room for a fifth chair. Nick found a large piece of firewood, standing it on end as a side table for Catherine’s glass of wine. We all sat back down, Nick to my right, Catherine on my left.

Suddenly, all was right with the world – except Nick – he was still in the doghouse.

“Is it time for that magic trick?” I asked.

“I think so,” Nick replied.

“Wanting to make some new friends?” I asked, turning to Catherine.

“I wish,” she replied.

“Let’s give it a try,” I said. “Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, Spock. You know the drill.”

I saw a flash of understanding brighten her eyes. “Okay … if you think so.”

“Nick, you can be my assistant. Tell them what to do.”

Nick had Kim and Brent stand with their back to the stream while Catherine waded in behind them.

A moment later, I was laughing. “It’s too dark. She can’t see.”

“Who can’t see?” Brent asked.

“Cathers,” I said. “Cathers the friendly ghost.”

“Casper the friendly ghost?” Kim asked.

She’d apparently misheard. “No, Cathers. It’s a nickname for Catherine.”

Kim laughed, and we shifted positions, the two of them still facing the cabin, but farther from the stream so their backs were lit by the fire. I’d hopped up to sit on the edge of the porch. “Let’s make this quick,” I said, missing the warmth of the fire. “It’s getting chilly.” I crossed my arms, tucking my fingers into my armpits, not so much to hide my breasts as to keep them warm. Instinctively, I gave myself a little squeeze, instantly noticing just how hard my nipples had gotten. They were denting holes into my palms.

Nick gave Kim and Brent a few instructions and Cathers started calling out what she was seeing, “Rock, lizard. His is paper, but hers … wait, now paper, too. Spock. Hers, scissors…”

I did my best, repeating what I was hearing, but it was confusing. Nick was laughing.

“How about one at a time?” Catherine suggested.

“Maybe one at a time,” Nick said.

Catherine and I smiled at one another. “Good idea, Nick,” I said.

Kim stepped back so she could see Brent’s hands.

“Scissors, Spock, rock, paper, rock, Spock, paper, Spock, lizard, scissors,” I called out, repeating what Catherine was saying as quickly as I could.

I watched the expression on Kim’s face mutate from one of amusement to one of bewilderment. She looked to be more affected than Brent. That surprised me; she was the police officer. I saw her glancing around, searching the area and her mind for an explanation that did not involve an ethereal being.

“…scissors, Spock, rock…” I continued until Nick suggested that Kim and Brent switch places. They did and we continued, even though there seemed to be little point. Our ‘magic trick’ had been every bit as convincing as the night we’d done it for Nick.

Eventually, once they’d gotten over the initial shock, their questions spilled forth. Nick attempted to satisfy their curiosity, explaining quickly about Catherine and how I was the only one who could see or hear her.

“So, there’s really a ghost and she’s really here?” Kim asked once we were again seated at the fire. It was at least the third time she’d asked that question.

“And she’s enjoying her wine,” I replied, indicating her glass.

“But it hasn’t moved.”

“She can’t actually drink. But I guess she imagines she can.”

“I remember drinking … how wine tastes,” Catherine said, looking offended.

“See,” I said.

“I’ve got an idea,” Brent said. “Nick. Our Jeep. What’s the license plate number?”

“No idea,” he replied.

“Jessa?”

“Your license plate number? I was naked, remember? The Jeep … a back seat. A roll bar. Oh, and it’s red.”

“The license plate?”

“No, the license plate must be green. The Jeep is red,” I replied.

“Ask Catherine,” Nick suggested.

“And, for extra credit, what month it expires,” Brent added.

“I’m on it,” Catherine said, getting up and heading around the cabin.

“It’ll take her a minute,” I said, noticing that Brent was looking at me expectantly.

“But you didn’t ask her,” he said.

“She heard you,” I explained, taking a sip of wine.

“Was there enough light?” I asked when she returned.

“GPN 712,” she replied. “And the sticker is ‘May.’”

I repeated the number and month. Brent’s mouth fell open.

“Kim, your turn,” Nick said.

“Okay,” she said. “There’s a painting in the hall upstairs. Neither one of you have been up there, right?”

Both Nick and I shook our heads as Catherine got up to go inside. After she’d left, Nick and I exchanged glances. The evening had taken a delightful turn. I smiled at him reaching for his hand and giving it a friendly squeeze. He was just as happy as I was that Catherine had shown up just in time to liven up the party.

“She says it’s a lighthouse,” I told them once Catherine was back.

“A lighthouse? Can you be more specific?” Kim asked.

I looked at Cathers as she spoke. “It’s a fairly plain looking lighthouse, grey stone, not that tall. A white building with a red roof next to it. I think it might be the one on Monhegan Island,” she said.

I repeated her words to Kim, still holding Nick’s hand.

“Have you been to Monhegan Island?” she asked me.

“Truthfully, I’ve never even heard of Monhegan Island,” I replied. “I’m from Arizona. As a kid, I spent summers in Stonefield, but we didn’t go to the coast more than a time or two.”

“I don’t know what to say,” Kim said.

“You’ve sure got me spooked,” Brent quipped.

From there, Nick started relating the story in greater detail, mentioning Dirk for the first time. How Catherine, or Cathers as I called her, was my grandmother’s younger sister, and how she had led us to three bodies in an abandoned salvage yard. The expressions on Brent’s and Kim’s faces were priceless. They were clearly struggling with the idea that they were sharing their fire with a woman who had been murdered in 1985, but they couldn’t deny all that they’d just witnessed. The discovery of actual human remains was similarly incontrovertible. They’d seen the headlines, but Nick had not spoken with them about his personal involvement.

For my part, I was just glad that Catherine was back. I smiled at her. She seemed much more interested in what was being said than I. I refilled my glass and added a splash to hers. She thanked me.

“Catherine,” I whispered. “You don’t have to leave. As a matter of fact, please don’t. But later, I’m probably gonna give Nick a BJ. A little privacy might be nice.”

Glancing around, I saw that everyone was staring at me.

“Oops,” I said.

“Oops, is right,” Kim said. “Now Brent is going to need one, too.”

I looked at him. He had big smile plastered on his face.

“Well, it’s getting late. Should we call it a night?” Nick asked, rising to his feet and stretching his arms above his head.

Both Brent and Kim started laughing. “I guess I don’t have to put sheets on the couch for you then,” Kim quipped.

Nick looked at me. I didn’t reply. Was I really considering giving him a blowjob?

“Jessa,” Cathers said, getting my attention. “You were planning to wait until you had both been tested. Or does that not matter if you’re only talking oral?”

“No, we should wait. Only … you heard him, just two sex partners in the last, like ten years. Amber and Amber. Probably not a carrier.”

Nick waved his hand in front of my face. “You know we can hear you, right? It’s only Cathers that the rest of us can’t hear.”

I decided I was beyond caring. I was sitting there naked. What secrets did I have? I knew the wine was a big part of it, but I was having fun. “Did I ever tell you that I consider myself an expert when it comes to blowjobs?” I said quietly, but not all that quietly.

He sucked in a breath. “You do?” he asked, glancing at his friends on the other side of the fire.

“Well, it’s important for a woman to be able to please her man in that way, don’t you think?”

He looked away. I’d embarrassed him. I found myself enjoying that I was turning the tables on him. He’d embarrassed me. Now it was my turn. Besides, a woman didn’t have to finish what she started. And, maybe I was just leading him on. I could be quite devious if so inclined.

“Sit back down, Nick,” I instructed. “You’re still in the dog house, remember?” I extended my wine glass to him and he topped it up. “Thanks. But be warned. Too much wine and I might fall asleep. I’m pretty sure I give better head when I’m awake.”

“I’ll take that,” he said, reaching for my glass.

I let go. “That can be Cathers’ now,” I said, picking up her glass and taking a swig. “You don’t mind, do you?” I asked, my eyes meeting Catherine’s.

She smiled. “You’re funny when you’re drunk, Jessa.”

I didn’t mind that I was coming across as a bit tipsy. That provided me with cover.

A few minutes later, Nick was telling our hosts that he was tired and how much he needed a good night’s sleep. They were playing along, yawning even. I started thinking that they were also ready for some alone time. Brent would probably end up owing me. After fetching a bucket of water from the stream, he doused the fire, and we all headed inside.

Nick and I were shown to the guest room. As I was already naked, it didn’t take me long to get ready for bed. Nick was every bit as quick. And then we were under a light sheet, kissing. It was a first, Nick and I in bed together. There was only one garment between the two of us, his boxer briefs. He probably wasn’t going to have them on for long. I was still considering my options, but one way or another, I was going to rock his world.


