Humiliated at the Grocery Store
bymyoddnewlife©

Hello everyone, I am new to this stuff, so here's a little back stops on me. I am a very shy 26 year old woman, I am 5'2" and 105 lbs. My bra size is 34C, and I have shoulder length reddish brown hair. Up until recently I have had a very normal sex life, no one had even seen me naked until I was married (yup virgin bride). In fact a crazy night for me before was if my husband, who I will call Josh, and I switched positions so I was on top! 

So you may be asking, how did I go from that to this? I did it for my marriage and I stand by my choice. Josh was in a bit of an unhappy mood for a little while now and I finally got him to tell me what was wrong a few weeks ago. Josh admitted to me that he has felt unfulfilled with our sex life. He mentioned that he did not feel like he would ever be able to realize his sexual fantasies with me.

Not long ago, in an attempt to help my marriage, I read a healthy marriage book that had a portion that said for a relationship to truly work, both partners must try to fulfill the other's sexual needs. At the time I didn't know sex was a problem. I really wanted Josh to be happy again so I took the book's advice and prepared for the worst. I let josh know that he could be open with me, and even though I wasn't very experienced I would do my best to fulfill his needs no matter what they were. 

One of his desires was for me to write about my experiences, being completely honest on how they make me feel and post them on the net so he could read the comments it gets with me, so here I go.

Josh told me that his greatest sexual fantasy involved women in public embarrassment. He said he had an outfit for me, that he was hoping I would wear and go with him somewhere he had picked out. He looked at me with worry and sadness in his eyes and said, if this is to much for you I would understand.

Though I was terrified of the phrase "public embarrassment" and what kind of outfit would go along with that, I was determined to make him happy again by fulfilling his fantasy. So I assured him with a sweet voice that I would try anything for him because I love him dearly.

Josh smiled at me, said I love you too and told me I was very sweet for trying this. He pulled out a short black skirt, a white flowing cut off shirt, and black high heels. He asked me if I would go put them on and show him how it looked .

I sorted through the items, a little uneasy at the revealing nature of the clothes, and asked if I there was anything else to go with it, I was really hoping there was.

Josh told that was everything, in fact he even preferred I not wear any underwear with the outfit.

I started feeling very nervous. I nodded shakily at him and went into the bathroom to change. I first slipped on the skirt. It sat low enough on my hips that the v shaped lines that lead to my crotch were clearly visible and if I had pubic hair (Josh asked me to shave it off) it would have been showing over the top. It was also very short, barely coming down below my butt. It was not tight so it swayed when I moved. Next I put on the shirt; it had a deep loose neckline, stopping only a couple inches above my nipples. The bottom of the shirt was cut short, by my husband from the look of the hanging threads, it hung loosely just below my breasts. The shirt was sleeveless and the arm holes were very large coming down almost to the bottom of the cut off shirt. The thin white fabric clung to my nipples and left little to the imagination. I put on the 3 inch heels and stepped out into the bedroom where Josh waited.

I could tell he was turned on by the way he was looking at me and this made me feel shy, but happy. It had been a while since I got that feeling from him.

He took me to a mirror and asked me what I thought. 

I didn't know what to think, it was embarrassing just to see myself like that, let alone go outside wearing it were other people could see me! I could see my skirt was so very small, there was only inches of material to spare concealing my privates. My shirt was just as bad, the large arm holes allowed a small peek at the side of my breasts, and it was cut so short that if I raised my arms a little the bottom of my breasts were exposed. Because of how loosely it hung around me, depending on how I moved I could end up showing a lot more! It looked like something that required an under-shirt. Eventually I just shrugged and asked meekly "do you like it?"

Josh smiled a huge smile and said it looked even better than he could have imagined. He told me that he loved it and how happy he was that I was doing this for him. Then he told me that if I was ready we should head to the car before it got to late in the day.

I was so close to begging him to let me at least wear underwear before we go anywhere, I was so terrified of people seeing me like this! However, I fought off the temptation. This was his fantasy, and I was determined to fulfill it. When I had calmed down a little I stuttered out "I thi- I think I'm r-ready."

Josh hugged me closely and whispered in my ear how thankful he was to have me. He kissed me softly on my neck a few times, which made me realize this was already helping. When he let me go I realized that the hug caused one of my breasts to come out the neck of my shirt. I fixed it thinking of how careful I would have to be with it. Then we slowly made our way to the garage, only because I was walking at a snails pace do to my fright.

Luckily our garage connects to the house so I was able to get in the car without the neighbors seeing me like that. When I sat down, my skirt was too short to sit on so my bare butt was on the cold leather. Josh got in, gave me a hungry look, then hit the button to open the garage and we were off. 

We drove a long way from home, about an hours drive. At first I was nervous being in the car dressed like that but after a while I realized no one could tell what I was wearing in the safety of the car. For a while during the drive Josh rubbed his hand up and down my exposed thigh and between my legs. This drove me crazy! Because he had been down for so long I was not used to affection like that and I was really enjoying it, besides the fact that it really helped take my mind off of how terrified I was.

Finally Josh pulled into a parking lot for an old discount grocery store, he parked as far from the doors as possible and turned to me. He looked at me with nervous hopeful eyes, the way he looks when he really wants something but is worried I will say no.

I was hoping this trip would be to somewhere a little less public like a mostly empty park or something but a grocery store? I thought hopefully to myself that maybe he parked so far away because we were staying in the parking lot.

This was not the case Josh asked me nervously if I would go shopping with him?

I wanted to cry I was so scared but the look on his face and the happiness I wanted for him forced me to agree with a nod, I didn't dare speak for fear of sobbing.

Josh smiled with excitement and gave me a list telling me that he would like me to get everything on the list. I was very nervous at this request, I was terrified to be seen wearing what I was. I didn't want to make Josh think I would refuse so I held in my fears. I nodded again. 

He went on to say that he checked this place out yesterday and wrote down the items that would cause me a little embarrassment. He wanted me to walk ahead of him at all times so he could stand back and watch me and other people's reactions. He also handed me my phone and said to keep it with me for further instructions. Then he asked if I had any questions.

I was shaking all over in fear! How was I going to go shopping like this?! I thought about a million questions I wanted to ask, all of them involved getting out of this or changing my clothes, but the excited look on his face stopped me. If I could do this just the way he wants, I thought to myself, he would be so very happy. I shook my head and managed to mutter, that I trusted his judgments.

He thanked me and grabbed me tightly, giving me a kiss that was more passionate than I ever received in my life and added with my nerves made my head spin. This gave me confidence that I was doing the right thing, even if I was scared to death. Then he got out and opened my door for me.

I carefully stood up pulling my skirt down and made sure nothing was poking out of my shirt in a futile attempt at decency. Josh chuckled softly at me and told me he knew I felt exposed and embarrassed, but asked me if I could refrain from touching my clothes again until we got back to the car no matter what.

I agreed with a shy nod.

Josh handed me my debit card and closed the door behind me. Looking at me with the happiest smile I had seen on him in a very long time, he softly caressed my butt for a second and asked me to lead the way.

I slowly began walking to the store, trying to act as normal as I could, which was an impossible task. I felt so exposed. There was a chill in the air and just a slight breeze. I had goose bumps and my nipples were stiff causing little points in my shirt. Every little gust of wind fluttered my too short skirt and loose flowing shirt. I felt the breeze flutter around my breasts, between my legs and on the bottom of my butt. The feeling was making me feel even more exposed!

It was about 1pm on a Monday so there were only a few people in the parking lot and none of them noticed me at first. There was a young couple ahead of me walking towards the store, an elderly couple coming out and a man in his forties loading his groceries into his trunk three cars in front of me. I looked back quickly to see Josh, he was about 10 feet behind me watching me with an excited smile.

The man at his car noticed me as I was two cars away, just as he looked at me a slightly stronger gust of wind came lifting my shirt up a little exposing the bottom of one of my breast for a brief moment and almost let the other slip out the deep neck line. I gasped and blushed deeply, grabbing my shirt before I remembered I wasn't supposed to touch it. I looked back at Josh in apology and he shook his head at me. The man at his car stared at me open mouthed as I passed by him.

As I passed the elderly couple on my way to the doors the man smiled a happy smile at me while the woman scowled viciously at me. I thought she would say something mean to me but she kept walking.

As the automatic doors opened for me and I walked in a gust of air rushed into the store with me. The gust blew the back of my skirt up and caused it to cling in that position uncovering half of my butt! I freaked and jumped a little, luckily the extra force on my next foot fall caused my skirt to fall back down. It only lasted a second, but I was so ashamed. I looked around and I was pretty sure no one saw, well besides Josh who was chuckling to himself. My skirt still felt a little odd and I wanted more than anything to smooth it out with my hands but I stopped myself from touching it, besides I could feel the fabric on my cheeks again so I thought it must be back to normal. 

Later Josh told me that my skirt was still a little bunched up exposing a little of the crease where my cheeks meet my thighs when I stepped. He told me this lasted quite a few minutes, until I reached for something and it straitened out, and got me some interesting looks from people behind me.

I looked at the wrinkled up list, it was not long but some of it seemed very embarrassing, here is what the list said:

-1 Carrot

-1 Cucumber

-2 40 lbs bags of rice (bottom shelf)

-3 Large bags of flour (top shelf)(don't use steps)

-4 Sirloin steaks (bottom, back)(1 at a time)(bend at the waist)

-6 Cans of soup (top shelf, back)(one at a time)(use steps)

-1 Vibrating toothbrush

-1 Box of each kind of condom

-3 Tubes of personal lubricant

-2 half gallon skim milk (bottom shelf)(furthest in back)(bend at waist)

--When finished await further instruction on your phone

----I love you more than anything in the world!

Now some of you may have noticed a pattern in the list, I didn't. I was to worried about the specific instructions. I tried my best not to worry about that just yet however. I grabbed a shopping cart and headed quickly to the produce department, wanting to get done as soon as possible. Holding the cart handle with my arms outstretched like normal opened the side of my shirt a little so I held the cart right up against me with my arms bent. I picked up one cucumber, and one carrot, thinking to myself 'who buys one carrot?' But that is what the list said. I received a text from Josh that asked me to straiten my arms again. I did what he asked. Pushing the cart like this allowed the holes on the side of my shirt to flutter openly while I walked and I could tell that someone looking from the side would be able to see a good portion of the side of my breasts.

I noticed two middle aged women to my left whispering to each other and staring at me with disgusted looks on their faces, obviously shocked at what I wore to a grocery store and what they could see. I looked down blushing violently and headed for my first isle.

First was the 40 lbs bags of rice on the bottom shelf, I looked at them for a moment, trying to determine the safest way to pick them up and put them in the cart. I decided since they were so heavy that I would squat to pick them up. I was hoping the isle would empty out but there was always someone coming or going. Finally I decided to go for it when there were just two people in the isle reading labels.

I squatted down and grabbed the first bag and held it to my chest as I lifted it up, no easy task in high heels. I squatted back down to grab the second bag just as a barely out of school teenage employee walked down the the isle and saw me. I quickly grabbed the bag, held it to my chest and lifted. I didn't have very good grip and the bag began to slip.

The teenage employee hurried over and asked "Ma'am do you need some hel... Uh, I mean, um..."

When the bag slipped it pulled my shirt down just enough for my left breast slip out the neck line. The boy was just standing there staring at it. I dropped the bag to release my shirt but it was stuck under my breast. I looked over at Josh with a humiliated look, he had a huge smile on his face, I was hoping he would give me some sign that I could adjust my shirt but he didn't. I was desperate, I grabbed the bag of rice and lifted it quickly with a strength born of desperation all the way up so that it lifted my shirt and rubbed against my exposed breast. This did the trick, my breast was covered, barely. I threw the rice into the cart, turned away from the boy and shook my shoulders to even out my shirt. I turned around, horrified to see that the woman down the isle, who was reading labels had noticed as well and was staring with her mouth open. I had never been so embarrassed in all my life! 

Josh was staring at me smiling a genuinely happy smile. I could not understand why my humiliation was making him smile, all I knew is that I wanted him to smile more and he smiled a lot that day.

The boy who was staring at me stammered some nervous apology and almost ran down the isle. The woman who saw the show regained her composure and gave me an odd look and she left too.

Once I had calmed down again I moved on down the isle slowly, my legs were a little shaky from my nerves. The flour was almost at the end of the isle, closest to the registers. There were many types but only one on the top row, which was what my note said I needed. There were little steps I could pull over to use but my note said not to, which meant with my short height I would really have to stretch to get the bags down. This worried me since once I raised my arms my shirt would come up. I looked around, there were a few people waiting in line by the register but they were mostly paying attention to loading up groceries. There were also people milling around down the isle, the way I came. I thought maybe if I grabbed them quickly no one would see. I quickly reached up, feeling the fabric of my shirt slide up over my nipples, grabbed a bag of flour and almost threw it in my cart. I looked around and no one seemed to be looking at me. A little relieved I reached up quickly to grab the next one, again exposing my breasts, and put the bag in the cart. I looked around again and it looked like a couple down the isle were pretending not to look at me, but they kept glancing over. Finally I grabbed the last bag turned to notice the wife/girlfriend covering her mouth giggling. I quickly grabbed my cart and left the isle and turned down the next.

This isle didn't have anything from my list, but the back wall did have the steaks that I needed. This item seemed to have the hardest instruction out of all of them, there were about 5 shelves for the meats and I had to get 4 steaks from the bottom, all the way in the back, which would cause me to need to get very low to reach them. Combine that with the fact that I had to bend at my waist, which would expose my butt, and the fact that this area was the most visible in the store. There were people coming and going from everywhere, there was no way I wouldn't be seen! I decided to save this one for last, after all Josh never said I had to go in order. I looked over at him and mouthed that I would be back for these, he just nodded grinning at me.

I moved on to the next isle where the soup was, pulled up one of the little steps and put it in front of the cans I needed. There was only one person down this isle and he was walking away so I hurried and got started, I climbed the three steps, this would have allowed anyone to see right up my skirt so I had my knees touching. I leaned forward a little and reached back to grab my first can, once in hand I hurried down just in time for an old woman, driving a one of those motorized carts, to pass by. I looked over at Josh breathing a sigh of relief. I put the can in the cart and did it two more times without incident. 

On my third time I almost ran right into a girl who looked around 20 years old on my way back down the steps. She was leaning her arms on her cart looking up my skirt with a big comic smile on her face. She stood up strait in front of me but did not move. She was tall and fit with reasonably attractive features. Her hair was short and unnaturally blond ,it was carefully styled to stick out in every direction. She was wearing black tights and a cut-off, though not as cut-off as mine, Elmo shirt to show off her sparkling belly button ring. She stood there blocking my way looking up my shirt. She laughed softly and asked if I had lost a bet or something? I was bright red and trembling all over, I didn't know what to say so just shook my head and looked away in embarrassment. I realized she wasn't moving so I stepped down and squeezed past her. She moved a little at the last minute as she tried to press me for more information but I just put my soup in the cart and stood there staring at the ground trying to stop myself from running out the door in tears. She quickly realized I wouldn't be responding any time soon so she told me she would let me get back to whatever it was I was doing. She didn't leave however, she just stood there watching me! 

I didn't know what to do so I looked to Josh for help, he just nodded and motioned with his hand for me to continue. I was shocked how could I continue with this woman watching me!? I looked back at Josh with a pitiful face begging him to let me move on. His smile began to fade and I saw his eyes growing dim again, he thought I was going to give up on his fantasy I thought. I couldn't stand to see that happen so I took a deep breath and hurried up the stairs for another can as I looked back at Josh, he was smiling again. 

The girl behind me, I'll call her Elmo girl, laughed again and said "you do know I can see your, well, everything, when you do that right?" I was so humiliated! I didn't say anything in response I just threw my fifth can in the cart and hurried up for my last one, as I got my hands on the last can I heard Elmo girl's voice talking, telling someone about what I was doing and laughing. I came down with my last can to see her on the phone explaining how she was able to see right up my skirt! I dropped the can in the cart and hurried off to the next isle, as I left she called out "aww shows over already?"


In the next isle I grabbed the vibrating toothbrush and headed to the female hygiene section where the condoms and lube would be. I began grabbing one of each style of condom when Elmo girl came around the corner, she laughed and told me she was glad I hadn't left yet. I tried to ignore her, I ended up with about ten different condom boxes. I grabbed the three tubes of lube and quickly moved on as Elmo girl's phone rang and she said something about me having a fun night.

I skipped the last few isles and found the milk in the back corner, like with the steak there was no way to prevent people from seeing me here but it appeared no one was looking so I opened the glass door where the milk was stored and bent down. To reach the milk on the bottom shelf, at the very back, while bending at the waist I had to lean so far over I could have touched the ground. In this position my butt was exposed and my shirt was drooping forward completely exposing my breasts. It was really hard to get a carton of milk out from the back with all the other cartons in the way. I spent what seemed like forever getting it out and when I stood up again there was a middle aged man right beside me staring at my chest. I blushed and turned to put my milk carton in the cart and saw a couple people looking at me from a distance.

I glanced over at Josh biting my lip. Again he looked very happy, I just did not get what this did for him, but every time I looked at him he was staring at me with happy hungry eyes. 

The middle aged man turned and walked away. I quickly opened the door back up and bent over to grab my second carton of milk. This one took just as long as the last and just as I almost had it out I heard something fall to the floor behind me. I got the milk out, and straitened up to see an older woman a few yards away who was looking over at me, shocked, with her bottle of creamer on the floor. I grabbed my cart and hurried off back to the meat section.

I got to where the sirloins were and made sure no one was looking and immediately bent down at the waist as I was supposed to, in order to get the steaks that were again at the bottom back. I was just as exposed here as I was with the milk, but at least the steak didn't get stuck coming out, so this one actually turned out to be easier. I got two out and was bent over getting the third when I heard a some one say "oh my god!" Followed by a familiar laugh and a familiar voice say "I told you I was telling the truth." I stood up with the steak in hand and turned to see Elmo girl standing behind me with another girl about the same age. This new girl was a little shorter than Elmo girl, she was prettier than her friend though, she had natural looking light brown hair that curled around her face, she had on a tight pair of jeans and a little spaghetti strap with the tootsie pop owl on it, so I'll call her Tootsie. Odd as it may seem, as embarrassed as I was, I actually remember thinking 'wow, I haven't seen that owl in years!' They were asking things like "what are you doing?" And "is this some kind of dare or something?" Tootsie said "you look totally humiliated, why do this to yourself?", but I was too embarrassed to respond. I realized they wouldn't leave me alone so I told myself once I did this one more time I could leave. I quickly bent over grabbed the steak and and stood up again as the girls laughed and talked to each other about why they thought I was doing this.

I turned to Josh to see him texting, I grabbed my phone from my cart as it went off. I was shocked to see the instructions it said

"Hey baby, great job so far! You have no idea how happy you are making me. I have one last thing for you before you check out. Please go put the following things back exactly how you got them: The steaks, rice, flour, soup and milk. Thank you my love."

I looked back at him with tears forming in my eyes. For a moment I thought he was punishing me for something. I actually let myself believe for a moment that he was cruel and mean! A part of me wanted to storm off but I couldn't, I saw in his face that he loved me and that, by doing this I was making him happy, something I was failing at before. So I just accepted this degrading assignment, took a deep breath, and readied myself for more humiliation.

I grabbed one of the steaks and I bent over low to put it back. As I did so Elmo girl said something like "oh my god, she's going at it again!" As I continued putting the steaks back the, girls continued talking about the parts of me they could see and trying to figure out why on earth I would do such a thing! I got done with the steaks just as I gained a couple more on-lookers. Elmo girl was telling them about what she had seen me doing so far. I quickly pushed my cart to the first isle I started on and found the spot for the rice. To my dismay the two girls had started following me.

I grabbed the first huge bag of rice and lifted it out of the cart, this time careful not to let it slip. When I hunched down to put the rice in place I heard Tootsie tell Elmo girl, "look when she hunches you can see her whole tit from the side!" They laughed and my embarrassment started to get the best of me, a single tear slid down my cheek. I got the other bag in place and moved on to the end of the isle where the flour was.

There was no point to look around because the girls were following closely now, and it appeared one or two people from the checkout were starting to glance my way. I grabbed a bag of flour and lifted it high to put it on the shelf, resulting in the girls laughing and a couple shocked remarks from passerby's. They watched as I did this two more times, another tear slid down my cheek at the thought of them looking at me. 

I looked to Josh with tear filled eyes and saw him adjust himself, he was starting to grow a bit of a bulge in this pants. This deplorable situation was turning him on! I didn't know what I thought about that, so I just tried my best to get this horrifying shopping assignment completed.

With the last bag up I hurried to the isle with the canned soup, desperately hoping no one would follow.

I got to the spot for the soup and my steps were still there. The two girls came around the corner in time to see me climbing the steps, Elmo girl exclaimed how she had seen this before. I reached the top step and put the first back in its spot all the way in the back, trying to ignore the things they were saying. It didn't work, they were asking why I even wore clothes at all since they could see everything anyway. Elmo girl even offered me $50 to finish whatever I was doing naked. I was so humiliated my eyes filled with tears. I hurried back up the steps with the second can, as a young couple came to see what was going on. I put the can back in its spot receiving a gasp and a "what the hell from the couple?" I caught a sob in my throat and started blinking a lot. Two employees, the boy from earlier, and an older man, joined the group as I rushed down the steps trying to hold back the tears. My heel caught the bottom step in my hurry and I stumbled forward right into Tootsie. I managed to maintain my footing with her help but as I pulled away I noticed my shirt had slid up and bunched over my breasts! People, who seemed genuinely concerned at first began to laugh at me as I stomped and shook my shoulders trying to get my shirt loose. I was full on crying now, but for some reason I still was trying to do this for my husband, so I never touched my shirt to pull it down. The tears were pouring down my cheeks as people slowly stopped laughing and asked why I didn't just pull my shirt down. 

I thought the same thing myself, why not just pull my shirt down?! Josh could not blame me if I did, I have been torturing myself for him over the last half an hour, the least he could do is let me fix my damn shirt! I looked over at him again to see him with that stupid happy look on his face and I immediately remembered why I was doing this. My tears dried up a bit and I was ready to finish this by the rules, for Josh, my greatest love!

What I did next, I cannot believe believe myself. I turned to Elmo girl and asked her in a humiliated and stuttering voice if she would pull down my shirt for me? I told her I am not supposed to touch my clothes, no matter what.

Elmo girl was shocked for a second and exclaimed "so this is some kind of bet!?"

I told her it was something like that as she laughed loudly.

She asked me "so no matter what happens you cannot touch your clothes?" As she grabbed my shirt and pulled it all the way up.

People gasped and laughed, one woman even stood up for me telling Elmo girl to "stop torturing the poor confused girl." I just stood there, tears returning to my eyes as I begged "please?!"

Elmo girl finally said "fine, you are lucky I am such a nice girl!" With a giggle. Then she pulled my shirt down in place.

I noticed my crowd had grown significantly and some of them had camera phones pointed at me. This pushed me all the more to get this over with. I hurried and got though the last 4 cans being careful about my footing. Now that people sort of knew why I was doing this, they began to tease me a lot more, Elmo girl was especially relentless. At one point as I was finishing up with the soup she asked if she pulled my skirt down if I would have to walk around without it? I was terrified she was going to do it so I backed up against the isle and stared at her in horror. She just laughed and said "I guess that's a yes!"

I looked over at Josh and saw him laughing a little and staring at me with the most intense expression, later he told me it was lust. I squeezed through the people with my cart. 'Only milk left to put back' I thought to myself with relief, until I remembered how much of a pain the milk was to get out.

I arrived at the milk section with my spectators close behind. I was so ready to be done with this I hurried and grabbed my first milk and, bending at the waist, started trying to get the carton passed all the other milks to the back. Again it seemed to take forever as I frantically tried to get the milk back. People were mocking me and ridiculing me behind me. I almost had my first milk in place but the other cartons kept falling down, getting in my way. As I was fixing this I felt someone grab my skirt, pull it up and tuck it into my waistband! I jerked out of the fridge and turned around, the back of my skirt was pulled up exposing most of my butt, I was stomping furiously to try to get it to fall back down. Everyone was laughing hysterically at my futile attempts, Josh was smiling at me of course. 

Elmo girl came up to me and told me it was just a joke and that she would fix it. I stood still as she grabbed my skirt and to my horror, pulled the waistband up and tucked the rest of my skirt into the band! 

My entire skirt was now just a roll of material circling my waist. I may as well have just been wearing a thick belt. My shaved crotch and butt were completely exposed. People cheered, laughed, or gasped in shock. Me, I cried, one woman told someone to pull my skirt back down, but no one did. I stood there with my hands over my crotch for a moment not knowing what to do as people laughed and took pictures of me. Josh, looking happier than ever, motioned me to continue and I was horrified! I vowed to never do this kind of thing again! 

I grabbed the last milk and shoved it in the fridge and slammed it closed. Josh, looking very amused, motioned me to head to the checkout.

I moved as fast as I could in my heels to the checkout to pay for my items. The cashier a sour middle aged woman mumbled something about a slut and rung up my items. The items I bought were meant to be humiliating but after what I had been through, and standing there virtually bottomless, the sexual suggestions of my purchase didn't phase me. I had a carrot, a cucumber, a vibrating toothbrush, a collection of condoms and 3 tubes of lube. The baggers, were moving especially slow, looking at my exposed butt, they couldn't see more because I had my front pressed against the checkout counter. I paid with my card and as I grabbed my bags Elmo girl came up behind me and fixed my skirt with a laugh. She shoved a piece of paper into one of my bags and begged me, to call her sometime, saying she threw the best parties and hoped I would come to one of them. 

I thought to myself 'you must be insane, I would never call you after this!' Little did I know that my husband had other plans for the invitation.

I hurried out the doors to the sound, oddly enough, of clapping. I rushed back to the car and as Josh came up to me I was fully prepared to chew his butt for putting me through that, but he caught me off guard. He grabbed me tightly in his arms and began passionately kissing my lips and groping my body. The bags fell out of my hands onto the ground as I grabbed him and kissed him back, crying again, but this time for joy. Josh opened the door and pushed me in, he grabbed the bags and came around to the drivers seat. We drove about two minutes to a hotel which Josh already had a room purchased. 

People stared at me as we rushed to our room but now I didn't care. When we got into our room Josh didn't even remove my clothes before we went at it like rabbits. We made love all afternoon and even woke up in the middle of the night to go at it again. We went at it again in the morning and checked out to head home. 

Josh's passion was so strong, and he was so happy that I decided what I went through was more than worth it. I had never been so sexually pleased in my life! I vowed, that if it meant getting this in return I would do anything my husband asked from now on!

On the way home Josh told me he never expected that to go so far, the outfit turned out to be much more revealing than he thought. Also that girl following me around and pulling up my skirt was very unexpected. He told me he thought very much about calling it quits a few times, but I just kept pushing through. He was so happy that I went through all that for him. Then he smiled and pulled out the piece of paper with a phone number on it and said that I would need this, because he wanted that girl to be a part of another adventure of ours! I was so ashamed to think about what things he was thinking up for me next, I just knew I would do anything for another night like last night!

That was my horrifying shopping experience. Though it was torture, and I was sick with fear and humiliation the whole time, the way it pleased my husband and consequently the amazing sex afterward made it all worth it. 

There is no plan yet for another horrifying event, Josh is still going on and on about the grocery store, when there is one I will record my humiliation again for you all. 

My husband would appreciate very much any comment you could share about my experience or about possible ideas for future endeavors. Please go easy on me, both with ideas for future plans and comments. As I said I am not real experienced with sex, so I might need a little more explanation than most.

