My Brother Spanked Me
by Story Guy

Chapter 10 

Joan opened her eyes even though her mind was still fogged with sleep. The previous day had been an adventure culminating with a very eventfully night. As Joan's mind cleared she became aware of a hard cock almost wedged between her ass cheeks. Her brother was still asleep though as evident by his slow, rhythmic breathing. His hard cock against her ass brought her mind to her experiences and once again she began wondering what it would feel like going into her ass. 

He began to stir and the hand that was loosely across her chest grabbed her breast and began rubbing it. She didn't mind and let him continue, then his hips began pushing forward, pressing his cock against her. Immediately her mind began debating. If he tried to enter her ass, should she stop him? Did she want to stop him? His hand dropped from her breast to her pussy. "Um... I'm kinda sore," she muttered. 

His hand pulled away and he stopped moving. A minute later he climbed out of the bed and went into the bathroom. She was sore, but also felt guilty. Joan sat up and heard him peeing. With nothing to put on, she stood up and walked into the bathroom naked. He was now brushing his teeth, so she sat down on the toilet to pee. "I'm sorry. I really am sore," she apologized. Joan finished up and stood, but he still hadn't said anything. "Are you mad at me?" she asked. 

"Why would I be mad? ...because you're sore?" he questioned. Joan shrugged. "No, I'm not mad. You're not going to be sore forever are you?" She shook her head and laughed. "We should get dressed. Paul and Mandy are coming over this morning Paul told me. They have some family thing this afternoon," he told her. 

Joan finished up, brushed her teeth, and walked into her room to dress. After pulling her clothes out of her drawers, she turned to see her brother, still naked and with his stiff cock pointing skyward, standing at her doorway. "You just like seeing me naked," she giggled and he nodded, smiling at her. She really didn't mind and liked seeing him too. She began dressing. 

"Don't bother with a bra and panties. You'll probably be taking them off when they get here anyway," he smirked. She giggled as she put them back into her drawer and pulled her shorts and top on. 

She looked up and her brother was gone. Wanting to see his body and watch him dress as he did to her, she walked through the bathroom to his doorway. He had his underwear on and was about to step into his jeans. "I have no underwear on, take yours off. You'll probably be taking yours off too," she giggled. 

He turned toward her and dropped his underwear to his ankles. "Happy?" he grinned. She nodded. He kicked his underwear onto his bed, then put his jeans on. Once dressed the two walked to the kitchen to get something to eat. "Did you like last night?" he asked as they ate. The conversation continued as they compared notes. 

After eating, they stripped the sheets off of his bed and washed them along with the swim suits. Once dry the two made up his bed again. As they finished the doorbell rang. Paul and Mandy were there. After quick greetings, the four went down to the TV room. With only one window in the room, it wasn't that bright even though the sun was out. Mandy walked over and closed the blind darkening the room even more. 

Joan and Paul had been sitting on the couch. He gently pushed her down, following her and kissing her. His hand slipped under her top, then up to her boob. "No bra," he commented as he began rubbing. Her body began responding as she kissed him passionately. His free hand took hers and lead it to his already hard cock, but outside his pants. She immediately began rubbing him. 

Joan became aware her top was moving and realized Paul was lifting it up. Instinctively she looked over at her brother and Mandy. She was standing with her top already off and he was pulling down her shorts. She smiled noticing Mandy wasn't wearing panties either. Her brother's hand rose up to Mandy's pussy. 

A hand slipped onto Joan's shorts and to her pussy. Paul massaged her for a bit, then his finger pushed into her, reminding her how sore she was. Mandy was crawling up and ended up straddling Joan's brother's head. The finger in Joan's pussy began to move. The soreness she felt was overriding her pleasure. She didn't want things to stop though. 

Her hand grabbed his belt. "Take them off," Joan whispered. His hand pulled from her shorts and his pants pushed down after he undid his belt and zipper. Joan slipped down as his pants did, out of his reach. His cock almost stood up on it's own, away from his stomach once it was free. 

Joan's hand wrapped around the stiff member. Her head lowered and she took him into her mouth. Paul settled back as Joan gave him a blow job. The sounds he was making told her he was enjoying it. It wasn't long before Joan's mouth filled with cum. She swallowed as his cock erupted, feeding her even more. 

Eventually her mouth stopped filling and she released his cock. A loud, "Yesss!" made Joan looked over at her brother and Mandy. Her brother's head was wedged between Mandy's legs and she was obviously climaxing. Joan looked up at Paul and he was watching as well. 

The two thrashed around a while, then slowly settled. Mandy, still breathing hard, slid down so she was laying on top of Joan's brother. "I gotta pee," she giggled as she stood and walked naked through Joan's room. Joan's brother was still obviously hard. 

"When she comes back, are you going to fuck her in the ass?" Paul asked. Joan's brother, not sure how to respond, just shrugged. "She loves it," Paul added as Mandy walked back into the room. "Stand up for a minute," Paul told him. "Mandy, want to get fucked in the ass? Kneel down on the chair and stick your ass up. Show him you want it." Mandy immediately knelt down as she was asked, presenting her ass vulgarly. "Tell him to fuck your ass hard. Make it hurt," Paul seemed to order. 

"Do it," Mandy muttered. 

"No tell him what you want and how you want him to do it," Paul repeated. 

"Fuck me in the ass hard. Do my pussy first, then stick it in my ass," Mandy finally requested as she reached back and grabbed his cock. She pulled him by his cock lining it up with her pussy and he pushed in as her hand flattened. Mandy leaned forward grabbing his cock again and re-aimed it at her asshole. This time she released him, bringing both arms to her front. "Hard," she muttered as she waited. 

Paul smiled and nodded to Joan's brother. He hesitated for a moment, then his hips jutted forward. Joan jumped as Mandy yelped. "Want me to stop?" he asked in a panicked voice. 

"No!" Mandy violently shook her head. Slowly he began fucking her ass. "Harder," she gasped. His body took control from his mind and he started pounding into her. Mandy's face scrunched up and she held her breath. Suddenly she exhaled audibly, then gasped for air again. 

Even though the room was darkened, there was enough light so Joan could clearly see what was happening. She was shocked, but also fascinated by what was going on before her eyes. It was obvious Mandy was being hurt by the expression on her face, but she seemed completely into it at the same time. She even kept on encouraging him to do her harder. 

"Fill me up!" Mandy gasped. Joan looked at her brother and he seemed to be climaxing. His movements were erratic. After a few moments of his hips jerking, he slowed to a stop, but was still pressed against her ass. Mandy's face was buried in the chair cushion. It was a while before either moved, but finally he backed away from her. Joan could see a bit of cum drip from Mandy's asshole before it closed up. 

He sat back down in the chair and Mandy rolled on top of him. Neither moved as both obviously recovered from what looked like an earth shattering orgasm. Joan looked at Mandy's ass as Mandy was facing away from her. She was curious. Mandy's ass looked like it might be red, but in the darkened room it was hard to tell. Other than that everything seemed normal. 


