She had met Peter on an adult meeting site. He commented on my pictures with flattering phrases like,
"You look beautiful."
"I wish I was there holding you."
"Very attractive legs."
While this was not that unusual, his comments were always polite. He was never crude, unlike the younger admirers. They tended to be more graphic, telling her exactly what they wanted to do to her. This flattered her, but did was not really what she was looking for.
She had been a crossdresser all her life. She hid it and did what was expected of her. She got married and had two children. It never goes away though. She wore her wife's knickers whenever she was out and played with herself until she came. Quickly she would replace them, carefully putting them back exactly how she found them.
Her wife had gone off sex after an early menopause and would not even talk about it, she left the room whenever he bought the subject up. So David created his alter ego, Davina.
Her job as a salesman meant she stayed in hotels several times a week. This allowed her to dress in the few clothes she had managed to acquire. She loved soft silky underwear, stockings and teddies. She had two dresses and a black pleated skirt. When she wore the skirt with her white shirt, and her blond wig, she imagined she looked like a school girl.
She had meet Peter while she was staying overnight in Peterborough. He was 62 years old, 8 years older than her. Peter lived on his own in a large detached house. He agreed to let Davina arrived dressed as a man, but told her to go straight upstairs and come down when she was ready.
She was already wearing her Victoria Secret knickers, these had a see through nylon front with little sparkles on. She made sure to tuck her semi hard cock between her legs so her front was flat. She wore lace top black stockings held up by a thin suspender belt. The stockings felt wonderful on her freshly shaven body.
She had a black nylon lace trimmed teddy covering her chest and stomach. Her moobs looked like small underdeveloped breasts. She did not wear a bra, as she loved it when men played and nibbled her sensitive nipples.
She finished her makeup, put on her little black dress, straightened her wig and slipped into her black low heeled court shoes. These were chosen as she did not want to appear too tall, she like to look up to her dates.
She took a deep breath, slowly descended the stairs and entered the large living room.
"Oh my! You look even better in person."
Davina did not know what to expect. She had only meet two other men, both of whom mauled her straight away and practically forced her to her knees making her suck them to completion. She did not know if Peter would want to do the same.
She looked at the tall trim figure of the polite stranger who had enchanted her with kind words. He was over six foot tall with a broad chest and a full head of white hair. He had a strong jaw and masculine features.
She smiled at the compliment and sat opposite him, carefully brushing her dress underneath her as she sat. She thought to herself.
"Keep your knees together."
Peter looked pleased and smiled back at her.
"Tea or coffee my dear?"
"Oh coffee please, white no sugar."
"Back in a sec."
While Peter made the drinks she looked around the room. I was tastefully furnished with a huge television on the wall opposite the sofa. Davina thought he must be wealthy, well compared to her anyway.
Peter returned with tray and presented her with a her coffee and a single red rose.
"A rose for a rose my dear lady."
Davina was startled, no one have ever given her flowers in her life. Emotions flooded her mind. She felt so feminine at that moment. A simple flower given as a gesture of affection was something unique and feminine.
When she looked up she had tears in her eyes.
Thank you, you don't know what this means to me."
He knelt and gently pulled her to his chest and hugged her.
"There, there. It's ok. I didn't mean to upset you."
She smelt his cologne, and breathed it in deeply.
"I'm not upset, I'm happy. All my life I have felt like a woman inside. That single rose means so much. It's a gift only given to a woman by a man."
Peter looked her in the eyes, with a sad expression.
"My wife used to like roses. You remind me of her."
Davina wrapped her arms around Peter and gently squeezed. She could feel herself falling for this kind sensitive man. Her mind was in turmoil, could she fall in love with a man?
They broke apart and Peter sat across the coffee table and began chatting to her. He told her how his wife had died two years before, and how he had married young at his parents request. They had known he was gay, but they did not want a scandal.
His wife knew and had found discrete lovers to satisfy her needs. They had made love several times, he had to imagine she was a man, but his heart wasn't in it. He had loved her like a sister, but was not sexually attracted to women.
Now both his parents were dead and he had his own wealth, he had decided to explore his own sexuality. He had seen Davina's profile and became infatuated. The combination of a pretty woman with a secret in her knickers was irresistible.
Davina felt the connection between them grow as they spoke. She told him of her childhood, She had prayed to god that she would wake up as a girl. She looked at the girls at school and envied their pretty clothes.
She told him how her marriage was close to ending, and how she suspected her wife had a lover. She explained how the brief time she spent dressed was the only thing keeping her sane.
She moved across to him and his strong arms surrounded her. She felt so safe and loved. They kissed hungrily. Peter had fifty years of bottled up lust.
"Do you mind if...?"
"No, please, please do."
He pulled her onto his lap. She felt his hard member press into her bottom through her dress and knickers. He eased her dress over her head and let it drop to the floor. She was on his lap facing away from him. His strong hands caressed her hardening nipples through her silky teddy. He blew in her ear and nipped her earlobes with his teeth. She shivered all over.
"Oh my god what are you doing to me, I have never been so turned on."
His legs parted, splitting Davina's legs wide and giving him access to her knickers. His right hand reached in and pulled her straining cock from it's silky prison. He started to stroke it gently.
She trashed about, her legs splayed apart, his cock pressing against her and her nipples being tweaked. He gently jerked her cock as he kissed her neck.
With a girlish scream, she came harder than she had ever before. Some of her cream hit her face. He turned her head and licked off the mess.
"Did you enjoy that dear?"
"That was incredible, I have never felt like that before."
"That's because no one has ever treated you as a woman before."
She sat beside him as she got her breath back.
"I think I have a solution to your problems Davina. Come and live here with me. Take over from my wife."
She thought how much she would love that, but she had responsibilities.
"I can't my wife, the house, the mortgage."
"I'm a millionaire Davina, I can pay off your mortgage and pay your wife half an million for a quiet divorce. In the morning we will drop your car off at the hotel and you can call your company and tell them you quit. Then ring your wife and make her the offer."
She could not believe she was close to saying yes.
"I still have most of my wife's clothes, she had a separate room and I have never bothered t clean it out. I have six bedrooms so it did not seem urgent. You can go through everything and keep what fits."
In a moment of madness she said.
"Yes, yes please make me your wife."
"Listen Davina, before you agree you must know this. You will be dressed as a woman 24/7. No more trousers, only skirts and dresses. You will wear only silk underwear, only stockings never tights. You will wear heels all the time. You will be perfumed and pretty all the time. You will cook, clean and iron. All your worries will be over, you only need think of looking nice and keeping me happy. You will be my beautiful housewife forever."
"Can you live the life I offer?"
"Yes please Peter, I am yours."
"OK then my dearest wife, time to seal the deal."
She fell to her knees as he stepped out of his underwear. His cock was seven inches long and cut. She engulfed it, working her tongue on the underside as she sucked. She thought to herself, this is what she will do every day now, suck and please her man.
"Wow, that's nice, I'm tempted to let you finish me, but we must do this properly. Are you a virgin?"
"Yes, I have played with my wife's vibrator, but never had a man."
"Come up to our bedroom with me, don't worry I'll be gentle."
Our bedroom, she thought. Where she will sleep with her man from now on. Where he will make love to her.
He got her on all fours as he smeared his cock and her hole with lubricant. She felt the soft head push at her entrance, with a gentle thrust it was in. She felt pain as she was stretched. Inch by inch he entered her. The pain was incredible. She knew she must endure it if she was to be his wife. This was going to happen every day now.
He was all they way in. She started to relax, she had felt this before. This wasn't had plastic, it was warm firm wonderful flesh. Her man had mounted her he was going to fuck her now.
He slowly started to rock against her. The pain was gone, each thrust grazed her prostate. She felt the warm throbbing monster plundering her. It was making a woman out of her, she was so happy.
He pulled out and she felt empty, disappointed. She was rolled onto her back. He climbed onto the bed and lifted her legs over his shoulders. She felt exposed. He looked down and saw her hard cock and smiled.
"My ideal woman."
She groaned as he slipped back into her. His gentleness gone, he thrust in and out with urgency.
A feeling was building inside her as he quickened the pace. A warm glow was spreading through her body. She felt his cock grow larger and pulse. She could feel him pump his warm seed into her body. His seed would swim inside her trying to impregnate her.
With that thought she came, her cock jetted out her own weak seed, as her body convulsed and tingled.
He collapsed, sweating onto the pillow beside her.