Pinky arrived home from work tired and foot sore. She stretched her
five foot five inch frame as she got out of her car and trudged up to
the front of her home. Her black hair was tied in a bun, which she
loosened and her tumbled out around her shoulders - Pinky is of
Chinese desent.

When she got into the house, she quickly pulled off her heels with an
audible sigh. The house was dark and...empty? No, she had seen her
husband's car in the driveway. He is probably sitting in front of the
TV watching ESPN.

Well he is going to give his wife a foot rub, she thought as she
climbed the stairs to their bedroom and found her husband bound to
his reading chair with brown tape. It had been wound around his body
and legs and large piece covered his mouth.

Pinky ran into the bedroom straight to her husband. He shook his head
and made noises under his gag that sounded like "behind you" when a
hand was clamped over her mouth and a knife put to her throat. Pinky
froze in fear: she hated knives.

"Looks like the little woman made it home, " said a voice in her
ear. "Be good and I won't kill either of you. Understand?"

Pinky forced herself to give a little nod, careful of the point of
the knife as she did so. The Man grabbed her by the hair and spun her
around. She was face to face with a Man wearing a black ski mask and
holding a hunting knife.

"Your husband and I were waiting for you to get home, Pinky. Figured,
since you were the only thing worth taking in this house, that I'd
make him comfortable so he could watch." The Man leered at her.

"Watch what?" asked Pinky, her voice small. Please God, don't let him
cut me, she thought. Please.

"Your rape. I am going to make you my rape victim and you will be a
good girl through out or I will walk over and slice open your
husband's throat, rape you, then do the same to you. Are we clear on
the rules?"

Pinky swallowed and looked at her husband. He was sweating and
shaking his head side to side. The Man walked over and slapped him on
the side of the head and put his knife to his throat.

"You stay out of this and let the lady decided. "

He turned back to Pinky. "Time is wasting, honey. Do I start cutting
or do you start stripping down to your pantyhose for me?"

Tears flowed out of Pinky's eyes as she began to undress. The Man
smiled and slapped her husband again.

"I like a woman who is action oriented."

As Pinky took off her blouse and bra, the Man leaned down to her
husband's ear. "Never had an Oriental woman before. Is it any
different, buddy? Oh that's right, you are a little tied up. We'll
compare notes later."

Pinky slid off her skirt. The Man walked to her and traced the tip of
his knife over her nipples.

"Very nice, Pinky. You are going to make a fine rape victim."

Pinky stared hard at the Man, tears flowing down her cheeks. She was
helpless. She refused to look at her husband. He was no help. Their
survival was on her.

The Man leaned down and sucked her nipples. Pinky moaned in pain and
shame.

The Man pulled her close and kissed her neck. "Bet you can suck cock
like a champ," he whispered in her ear. "Get on your knees, Pinky."

Pinky obeyed. The Man shoved his stiff cock into her mouth.

"Suck, bitch."

Pinky closed her eyes and moved her mouth up and down the Man's
shaft. She heard him moan and breath quicker as she ran her tongue
over the tip.

"Damn, buddy," called out the Man to Pinky's husband, "she is the
best cock sucker. She do you like this?"

Pinky heard angry grunts came from her husband. Lost in thought, to
lessen the degrading act she was doing, she found it hard to remember
the last time she had done this to her husband.

The Man grabbed Pinky by her hair and pulled her head back.

"Crawl over to your husband and lay on the floor in front of him,
your arms above your head."

Pinky crawled across the floor to her husband and lay down. She put
her arms above her head. Please, let this end, she thought. Please
let us survive.

The Man kneeled in front of her and spread her legs. He lay on his
stomach and kissed his way up her legs to her crotch. Pinky's breath
left her as the Man 's lips found her clit through her pantyhose.

He slit open the crotch of the pantyhose and put his lips on her bare
clit. He rammed a finger inside her as he sucked her clit. Pinky felt
herself getting wet.

"Yes, Pinky, cum for me. Let go. Show your husband what he is
missing."

Pinky fought the feeling, but his steady strokes of his finger
combined with his warm lips and tongue on her clit broke through her
resistance.

"NO. Stop. I AM CUMMING..." Pinky's screamed as her body arched in
her organism.

With her body still convulsing, the Man entered her with a hard
brutal thrust. Pinky screamed again from pain (and pleasure?) as the
Man raped her with hard strokes. He put her legs over his shoulders
and pounded her pussy.

"Yes... nice and tight." The Man looked up at Pinky's husband. "A
pussy this tight means you are not fucking her enough, buddy. Oh, by
the way, Oriental pussy is FINE!" The Man laughed and started to rub
little circles with his finger on Pinky's clit.

Pinky came again as the Man thrust forward and filled her with his
semen. She sobbed in shame. She had cum twice for her rapist. All the
while why he was tormenting her husband. She felt filthy. .

The Man pulled out of her, leaned down and kissed her. "You were
fantastic, Pinky. You are an excellent rape victim.

Pinky said nothing and closed her eyes. It was over. All she wanted
him to do is leave. She had done what he wanted.

"LOOK AT THIS!" The Man grabbed Pinky and pulled her to her knees in
front of her husband. She could see a bulge in his pants. Pinky's
eyes went large in shock.

"Looks like hubby enjoyed watching you get raped, Pinky. Look at his
stiffy."

Pinky could not believe it. She looked up at her husband who looked
away.

The Man laughed. "Suck his cock," he ordered.

"NO." Pinky was surprised on how forceful her answer came out.

The Man placed the knife on her throat. "Suck his cock or you die.
Make your husband happy."

Pinky went into survival mode again, as she unzipped her husband's
pants and pull out his stiff cock. She put her mouth and it and began
to suck.

She grunted as the she felt the Man enter her from behind to rape her
a second time as she took her husband in her mouth. She floated above
it as the humiliation of her rape was deepened by the realization
that her husband had enjoyed her brutalization.

I should have let him kill him, thought Pinky as her husband came
inside her mouth. She gagged and waited for the Man to finish, which
he did with a painfully thrust. More semen for me to contend with,
thought Pinky.

The Man withdrew and pushed Pinky to the floor. He put their small
alarm clock in front of her.

"Don't move for an hour. After that, you can cut your husband loose.
If you want." The Man laughed slapped Pinky on the ass, and left.

Pinky looked at the clock and then her husband. It was going to be a
long hour.
