Author: Brian Bellstone
Title: Big Boobs in a Car Garage
Summary: Brian's big-breasted girlfriend thinks the used car he just bought is too old and cheap. He goes to a car garage and fucks her in the car anyway.
Keywords: MF


"Look it's half empty, and this is the ground floor. I was right, no one comes downtown on the weekend. Farther up the garage is probably empty."

I kept driving, up a couple more levels, but the garage was still only half empty. In fact, there were some people walking around as well.

Beverly said, "Brian I don't think this is a good idea, look at all the cars."

"I think there are still several more levels, let's see how the rest of it looks."

As we got closer to the top it thinned out a lot, and then suddenly we were on a level with only a few cars on it. Then on the next level, just one car.

"Look Beverly, just one car, we have the place to ourselves. No one is going to come up here. Let's just start with a blowjob and see how it goes."

I tilted the seat back while Beverly took out my cock. It quickly became hard in Beverly's soft mouth. She was twirling her tongue around the head, and she started moving her mouth up and down on it as it got harder.

I pulled off her shirt and bra while she sucked my dick. I held and squeezed her tits to help reduce the strain on her back.

I suggested, "How 'bout I get out and stand next to the passenger seat with the door open?"

"Sure, that might be easier for me."

I walked around to the passenger side and opened the door. I rested my arms against the top of the car while she took my dick into her mouth. Her blowjobs are usually pretty good because they're wet and tender. It always makes my dick really hard.

Don't forget my balls.

I felt her open lips on my balls and she carefully sucked my balls into her mouth, while she stroked my cock with her hand. Then I didn't feel her mouth or her hand. She was getting onto her hands and knees.

She started bobbing on my cock again, and taking it deeper into her mouth. I let her tits spill over my hand. I squeezed each of her tits and rolled her nipples around between my thumb and finger.

I said, "Turn around. Stay like that, but facing the other way."

She turned around and was still on all fours in the seat, with her butt towards me now. I unfastened her pants and pushed them down her butt, along with her panties. I moved my hands all over her big butt and thick thighs, and down to her pussy. I rubbed her clit in hard little circles. I slid my thumb inside and squeezed and rubbed her pussy, with her clit in the palm of my hand.

Move back a bit more.

She shuffled back so her knees were on the edge of the seat, her feet sticking off the seat between my legs.

I eased my boner into her pussy until I was in up to the balls. It was already hot and steamy in there. I knew it would be a smooth ride inside her silky pussy as long as I started slow. I felt her getting more slick after just a few strokes, and started spreading her velvety pussy flesh with my boner a little faster. My dick was swelling even more. I continued fucking her at that moderate pace so I could keep going for at least a little while longer.

I asked her if she wanted to get out of the car.

She asked, Do you think anyone will see us?

"I don't think so. There's only this one other car here, there's no reason for anyone to come up here."

She pulled her pants off and came out of the car naked. She turned and put her hands on the car.

"Against the car and spread 'em." I pushed her gently but firmly against the car.

She giggled. "But officer, I didn't do anything!"

"I don't give a damn." I looked down at her boobs squished up against the window of the car. Beverly should run a carwash; she wouldn't need to buy sponges.

She opened up her legs and I slid my dick into her pussy. I kept her tits pinned to the car and fucked her deep. The sound of our skin slapping together reverberated inside the car garage. I felt pussy juice trickling onto my balls on every stroke. Sometimes Beverly gets a little too wet.

"Do you want to sit on the hood?" I asked her.

"All right." She started to get on the hood of the car, but the curb was right in front of the car, I didn't have anywhere to stand.

"Hold on a second, let me back the car up."

I got in the car and backed it up. Beverly sat on the edge of the hood. This way I could jam my dick into her at a good stiff angle. I grabbed her legs and picked her butt up and pulled her towards me even more. I let her rest her legs against my shoulders and slid my dick in. When she puts her thick legs on my shoulders it makes me worried that I could lose my balance and fall over, but I guess if I made sure to fall forward onto her tits Id be fine.

I had to thrust into her pretty hard, so I could make her tits jiggle. She let out a little whimper on each thrust. Pussy juice was dripping off my balls onto the bumper of the car. I kept pumping against her g-spot at a steady rhythm to see how much pussy juice I could get out of her. It became almost a steady trickle, out of her pussy, down her ass crack, cascading onto the car's bumper and onto the concrete floor.

When there was a small puddle of pussy juice on the floor, I had her lean over the hood with her tits hanging down and her butt sticking out at me.

Spread your legs wider, and arch your back.

I took a couple steps away and stared at her tits hanging down.

Beverly you look great.

She smiled but was pink with embarrassment.

You should be one of those models that poses with cars.

I don't think they would hire me for something like that, I don't look that good.

They would be idiots not to. You look fucking great.

I slid my dick into her and started to pump her pussy. Out of habit I fucked her somewhat hard and rough, just right to make her tits jiggle and swing. Several times I had brought her into the bathroom and leaned her over in front of the mirror so I could watch her tits while I fucked her. I had developed the technique just right to make her tits swing like a pair of pendulums gone berserk.
Her moans reverberated inside the parking garage on each thrust. I was able to see a reflection of her tits in the windshield.

I glanced up and saw a car had driven onto our level. It slowed almost to a stop.

"Oh my god," Beverly whimpered. She tilted her head down and was turning pink.

The driver rolled down the window and was staring at Beverly, more specifically at her tits, as he kept the car moving at only a snail's pace. I kept fucking Beverly with the same technique to make her tits swing and jiggle as much as possible. The driver looked away for a second. Then he held a cell phone out the window of the car, pointed directly at us. As the car crawled closer I could see there was another man in the passenger seat. When the car passed behind my car they still tried to look through the rear window and windshield of my car, which were pretty clean. They still weren't in any hurry when they had gotten past the back of my car and could see us clearly again, though they had to turn their necks. Beverly's pussy was starting to make noises from being too wet. When the two guys finally reached the end of the row where they had to turn and continue behind us, they took their time at the turn, getting a look at us from the side. They finally started moving faster when they were almost behind us. Then the driver put the cellphone away and finally the car started moving faster. Apparently they weren't interested in looking at my ass.

As they drove out of sight I heard the driver say, "I could watch those titties all day."

"That was annoying," Beverly grumbled.

"Yeah. Well they're gone now." Fortunately Beverly couldn't see my smirk. I thought the whole thing was amusing and had enjoyed showing off her tits.

Beverly complained, "I mean, if they want to have a quick look then fine, but god, just staring like that, and recording us with the phone, that was really rude."

"Well, we chose to have sex in a public place, they can do what they want."

"But for them to stare at us like that? They could try to at least be polite about it."

"Well that's just the risk we take having sex in a car garage. I didn't think anyone would come through here, but I guess I was wrong. It's no big deal. They obviously don't mind us doing this here, they aren't going to complain or get us into any trouble."

"What if someone else drives through?"

"We're almost done anyway. How about you lie across the front seat with the door open? Then if someone comes they'll just see me standing, they won't even see you. With some luck they might not even realize what we're doing cause the door will block their view, at least before they go around the turn."

Beverly lay back across the front seat with her butt hanging over the edge of the seat. I slid my dick in and started pumping her slick pussy. It wasn't a great position, but after a minute I started to get the hang of it. I was leaning against the top of the car and couldn't see Beverly's tits jiggling, but I pumped down into her pretty hard anyway so she made a little whimper on each thrust.

I was really getting into it, but suddenly my dick got bent to the side instead of going straight in. The car was moving underneath me. I almost fell onto the windshield.

"Beverly put the car into gear!"

"Brian the car's moving!"

I grabbed the doorframe and hobbled as fast as I could to keep up with the moving car, my pants around my knees. The car started to turn into the slope of the garage. I held my hand hard inside the top of the car and managed to get it to come to a stop. 

Beverly pull the handbrake.

"Brian what's happening?"

"You must have bumped the gearshift."

"I didn't do anything!"

"Beverly just pull the handbrake."

"It's underneath me."

Beverly pulled the handbrake. I cautiously let go of the car, and went around to the driver's side and got in, and drove the car back into the parking spot.

"Brian what happened?"

"You must have bumped the gearshift."

"I didn't do anything!"

"This has to stay in gear. If you bump it and push it out of gear the car can just roll."

"Brian that's dangerous! See if you can give the car back to that guy and get your money back!"

"Beverly it's fine. There's nothing wrong with the car. You must have bumped the gear shift, and your tits were probably jiggling around too much and caused the car to start rolling."

"Why does everything have to be about my tits?"

I shrugged. "Anything with a large mass will create a curvature in space-time."

Beverly stared at me blankly.

Gravity. Your tits have a gravitational pull.

"My tits aren't big enough to have gravity."

"Beverly your tits are huge. You don't feel the gravitational pull between your tits and Earth?"

She wasn't able to hide a smile. "Okay Brian."

"Do you want to hang your head off the edge of the seat and suck my dick for a minute, and then we'll go hiking?"

"Okay."

I got up and she started to lie down towards the driver's seat. I saw the gear shift sticking up between her legs, almost bumping against her pussy. "Wait a second. Pull the handbrake."

She pulled the handbrake, and lay down on her back with her head on the edge of the driver's seat. I put my dick in her mouth, it quickly firmed back up to a full boner as she wrapped her mouth around it. I gently fucked her mouth. Pretty soon I started to feel like I was going to come. I put my balls in her mouth. She wrapped her lips around my balls and I felt her licking them. I took her hand and brought it to my boner, and guided her to jerk me off while she sucked my balls. I liked the feel of Beverly's hand around my dick, and I stayed close to coming. I held back as long as I could, and just when I knew I was about to come I turned around and leaned against the car. My cum shot out and sprinkled all over the floor of the garage in front of me.

We put our clothes back on and got back in the car. As we drove down through the garage, one level above the ground floor I noticed a security camera over the elevator, placed to get a look at people walking to the elevator or the stairs. On the ground floor there was another camera in a similar location. I couldn't remember exactly how we were positioned in relation to the elevator on the level where we fucked, so I don't know whether a security camera captured us. I didn't mention the cameras to Beverly.



Visit my website for more: http://brianbellstone.com/
