Born To Be Naked
by atarizona79

"I know, Ma. Do you want me to temporarily go somewhere till they are here? Or I can try to wear clothes, it's just that..."

"No, Jasmine. I don't mean that. I just wanted to give you a heads up. I don't want you to deal with the trauma of wearing clothes, ever again. Seriously, I just want you to be prepared for a bit of a drama, that's all. You know, how Pete can be so orthodox and dramatic sometimes."

James and Andrew were listening to all of this without offering any inputs.

"Well, we will deal with whatever happens when it happens. Jasmine, you have nothing to worry about," her father assured her.

"Thank you, Dad!" Jasmine knew she could always count on him.

After dinner the family spent some more time on the deck talking on different topics. Jasmine decided to skip studying for the night. After all, she deserved a night off.

"I am going to split," James announced, yawning.

They all said their good nights and retreated to their bedrooms.

"Hey, Neha, how are you doing?" Jasmine said when Neha answered her call.

"Good, except I am getting too horny hearing your voice"

"Well, if it is any consolation to you, I started touching myself in the anticipation of hearing your voice," Jasmine said. She wasn't kidding.

"Meet me now," demanded Neha.

"I can't go out at this hour. But if you want to come over, I will be here for you."

Neha thought for a moment and said, "See you in ten minutes."

Jasmine met Neha at their property gate. "Let's leave your car here," Jasmine suggested.

They could hardly keep their hands off each other. They walked side by side with their arms around each other's waist. While Jasmine was naked, Neha was wearing only a pink t-shirt that wasn't long enough to even cover her buttocks fully. Jasmine realized she was not wearing underwear when her hand slipped down from Neha's waist. She kept grabbing on Neha's ass as they walked.

Jasmine did not want to bother her family with their voices, so she led Neha to the far end of their garden under the gazebo. As soon as they were under the gazebo, Neha dropped to her knees and started eating Jasmine's pussy hungrily. She held on Jasmine's ass firmly as she continued to work on her pussy.

"Sex is so convenient when your partner is always naked," Neha mumbled.

"You are not wearing so much yourself."

"Yeah, I didn't want to overdress."

"Well, you are overdressed," Jasmine said, peeling off Neha's only piece of clothing over her head.

They made love on the sofa under the gazebo. They tried their best to keep their voices down and nobody seemed to have noticed them.

"My parents canceled their plan to visit my uncle this weekend. Instead my uncle is visiting us for a couple of weeks."

"Oh, okay!"

Jasmine sensed the disappointment in Neha's voice.

"I know, it's a bummer. I was looking forward to spending some time with you. But we can always sneak out like we did today."

"Yep, that works, just meet me at the gate like you did, your security guard is creepy. I gotta get going. Got an early shift tomorrow morning," Neha said, searching for her t-shirt.

Jasmine found it and handed it to her. As Neha slipped on her t-shirt, Jasmine kept looking at her admiringly.

"What?" Neha asked.

"I like your look. You are not naked but not dressed as well. It is so sexy."

"This is what the girls at my hostel used to wear while lounging around. All of them, myself included, wore bras and panties too. But I stopped wearing either due to someone's bad influence on me lately."

"I wonder who that could be," Jasmine said, putting a hand around her shoulder as they started walking towards the gate. She stayed there till Neha's car was out of sight.

Jasmine, contained, slept peacefully that night. She was able to spend time with people she loved most. The containment did not last long enough though.

James stopped in his tracks, when he was passing by her bedroom next morning, "That time of the month, Sis?"

Jasmine was sitting at her desk, topless, wearing jeans shorts. That usually meant she got her periods.

"No, I just love these shorts too much," Jasmine said, sarcastically, without looking at him. James knew she was going to be miserable for the next few days so he left her alone.

Finally when Jasmine's periods were over, she went back to being herself, full of life and love and everyone in the family was relieved.

Meanwhile, Rosie got busy preparing for her brother's family visit. She had her staff clean the guest bedrooms which were already squeaky clean and change the linens and dust the furniture. She usually did not cook but when they had important guests visiting, she took charge of the kitchen. She briefed her cooking staff on what she expected. She spent several hours shopping. The presents for everyone were already wrapped in shiny papers.

"Take it easy, Ma. Don't burn yourself out," she would tell her mother when she worked relentlessly. Her mother would go to Jasmine's room several times to ask for her opinion on something or when she needed advice on certain arrangements.

"Ma, should I be worried?" Jasmine asked, looking down at her naked body when her mother was in her room.

"I hope not, dear. When he insisted on visiting, I told him about your nudity. He shrugged it off. So, hopefully, everything will be alright."

"If I am not wrong, their children are about the same age as James and I, right?"

"Rob is a year older than James and Tina is a year younger than you."


Chapter 3

James went to fetch his uncle's family from the airport early Saturday morning. It was a four hours drive each way. By the time they reached home, it was late in the afternoon. Following their tradition, Andrew, Rosie and Jasmine stepped out of the house to meet and welcome their guests.

Pete and Rob were tall and a bit on the heavy side. Tina was exactly opposite, a short and petite young woman. Pete's wife, Andrea, was still a stunning beauty. Tina seemed to have gotten her looks from her mother but she must be a late bloomer.

When they all hugged each other, Jasmine got all kinds of reactions from them. Uncle Pete was amused, Andrea Aunty just scoffed, Tina was in awe and Rob was short of drooling all over her.

Jasmine was experiencing awkwardness that she never felt before, with her immediate family. Several times, the conversation in the room just stopped when she walked in.

Her father and mother tried to keep everything normal for her and also took her along for as many family activities as she was willing to participate in. During one such family picnic, Jasmine was sitting cross-legged directly across her uncle and aunty. The disgust she noticed in Andrea's look, when Andrea looked down at her pussy, made her get up and walk away. This wasn't going to be easy.

Of all her guests, she found Tina the sweetest. She hung out most of the time in Jasmine's room and kept asking her many questions.

How did it really feel to be naked like that all the time? Was she ever embarrassed by the nudity? How did she gather the courage to go naked? The questions would go on and on.

Jasmine would patiently answer her. But she sensed that there was something more behind these questions.

"Tina, have you ever tried it, I mean staying in nude?" Jasmine asked.

"Do you promise you won't tell anyone?" Tina asked and continued without waiting for a response, "to be completely honest, yes, I have tried. But it was only when I was alone at home. I can never think of staying naked in front of everyone, as much as I would love to."

"I see. You can try that with me, if you would like to. You know I am not going to judge you," Jasmine said.

Tina was happy and nervous. "Where should I try it?"

"Right here. Let me close the door," Jasmine said, closing her bedroom door. She knew her family would be surprised to see the closed door.

Tina removed her clothes slowly but she was still very hesitant.

"It's okay, here, wrap this towel around till you feel comfortable."

Jasmine went back to her study and Tina sat on her bed doing something on her tablet. Tina's anxiety slowly died down. She went to the bathroom and when she came back, she left the towel in the bathroom walking in completely naked. She looked even thinner without her clothes. For a twenty year old woman, her breasts were almost non-existent. But all that mattered was that she was naked and seemed to be enjoying it.

This became their daily routine over the next few days. Tina would come to Jasmine's room, strip and stay naked. Whenever she had to step out she would get dressed.

She slowly gathered courage and continued to step up her game. She started following Jasmine outside her room, especially at night, when there was no risk of being seen by anyone.

"I am ready," Tina said excitedly, one day.

"Ready for what?" asked Jasmine.

"Ready to embrace my freedom."

"You are already doing that for the last few days," Jasmine reminded her, pointing towards her naked body.

"I mean, I am ready to go naked in front of everyone."

"Are you sure?"

"I am one hundred percent sure. Please don't talk me out of it. We will be leaving in a couple of days. If I don't do it now, I will never be able to do it. It is now or never," Tina said.

Tina had been imagining this scenario secretly since her father told them about Jasmine. Jasmine has been her idol.

"I am going to go naked to the party tonight," Tina felt nervous when she heard it coming out loud from her mouth. But she was determined.

The party was organized by Jasmine's mother as a farewell to her brother's family. She was glad that their stay was almost towards the tail end without any major drama. It was going to be an outdoor party by their pool. Beth's family, Neha and a few other close relatives and friends were invited to join in their celebration.

"Okay," Jasmine said. Though she did not know what would be the end result of Tina's adventure. She was worried but she did not want to discourage Tina.

"I need your help to make an entry into the party, if you don't mind. I think it is going to be the most difficult part and if I do it alone I will definitely get cold feet even before stepping out of this room," Tina said.

"Whatever you need, dear," Jasmine said, patting her back.

"So when you go to a party naked, do you generally need any different kind of makeup? I mean there are no fancy clothes to make you look good, right?" Tina asked.

"Yeah, there are a few things you can do differently. How about I show you instead and you can help me as well? It's about time we should start getting ready for the party anyway."

"Okay, sure," Tina said, excitedly.

Jasmine first took shower. Her bathroom door was open so Tina could see her through the shower glass door. She walked out of the bathroom, dried herself and then dried her hair.

"We will go from head to toe, okay?" Jasmine said and sat on the swiveling stool in front of her vanity table. "Do you want to set my hair?"

"Sure," Tina said and started working on Jasmine's hair.

"How does it look?" Tina asked when she was done setting her hair. "This is inspired by an ancient Roman hairstyle."

"Wow! It looks nice. Now I will do the face makeup, it is pretty standard."

Once she was done with her usual makeup, Jasmine said, "Now comes the fun part. Can you grab that jewelry box over there?"

Jasmine took out two identical rings that had studded diamonds all around them. She handed them to Tina.

"What are these? They look different than finger rings?" Tina asked curiously inspecting them.

"Yeah, these go on my nipples. Do you want to help me put them on?" Jasmine asked.

"Sure, so, should I just slide them on your nipples?"

"Yes, slide them all the way in. It makes the nipples look longer. You may want to first touch my nipples to erect them so that the rings fit snuggly."

Tina had never touched a girl like that before.

"Can I just suck on them, instead? That will give some lubrication too."

"Good idea," Jasmine said, slightly rotating the swiveling stool towards Tina.

Tina was on Jasmine's right side. She sat on her knees and started sucking on her nipple.

"Is it hard enough?" Tina asked, examining the progress of her work. She answered herself, "maybe a bit more," and went back to sucking.

When she was satisfied with the result, she stopped and slid the ring on the nipple.

Then she looked at Jasmine's both nipples, slightly leaning backward to get a better view, and touching the right one said, "This one definitely looks longer and more beautiful."

Then she moved to Jasmine's left side and tugged on her nipple a couple of times before she started sucking on it. She took much longer this time which seemed completely unnecessary. With all that sucking Jasmine's pussy was getting wet too.

Once both the rings were in place, Tina again stepped back a couple of steps to check it out and said, "That looks awesome."

"Indeed," Jasmine said, but she was actually looking at Tina's nipples which were tiny but fully erect.

"Okay, now the necklace," Jasmine said and fetched a white pearl necklace from the box.

She handed it to Tina. Tina went behind her, put it around her neck and latched it. The necklace was long enough to reach over her boobs. She then reached over Jasmine's shoulder to guide the end of the necklace through her cleavage between her boobs.

Tina proactively looked into the box and fetched a thick, long golden chain. "What is this for?"

"That's the next one," Jasmine said.

She stood up and wrapped it around her waist, placing it just below her belly button and latched it on her left hips. There was a small ruby that dangled from the chain and rested on Jasmine's upper thigh.

Tina held the ruby in her fingers, "Wow, this looks so beautiful."

"Okay now moving further down. Keep in mind when you are naked in public, a lot of people are going to check out your boobs, pussy and ass."

She rotated her stool again and opened her legs wide open. With a hand gesture she asked Tina to sit down in front of her pussy.

"Can you check if there is any residual hair there? I like it absolutely clean."

Tina leaned in closer and touched Jasmine's pubic area very gently as if the visual inspection was not enough.

"Nope, no hair whatsoever," Tina confirmed. She was so close that she could smell Jasmine's pussy. She instinctively touched her glistening labia.

"I know, I am a bit wet down there," Jasmine said.

Tina pulled her hand back, "Sorry!"

"That's okay!" Jasmine told her.

She then fished through the jewelry box again and handed a long teardrop pearl to Tina. "These are disposable. Just peel the paper behind it and stick it right above my pussy."

"Okay, before I peel it, tell me exactly where you want it."

Tina moved in closer. She put her left hand on Jasmine's pussy and made a V shape with her two fingers to loosely mark the possible position to stick the pearl.

"Is it okay here?" Tina asked, moving the pearl around. Her left thumb inadvertently slid into Jasmine's vagina during the process. She did not bother removing it.

"Right there is good. Just above my clit," Jasmine said.

Tina peeled the paper to expose the sticker and placed the pearl carefully in the position. Then she applied pressure to ensure it is properly stuck.

Jasmine was still sitting there with her legs wide open when James and Rob barged in, opening the door which was not locked.

"Whoa! Why are you naked Tina?" asked her brother, Rob, shockingly.

"Hey, leave her alone," Jasmine told Rob.

"You look nice," James said, seeing her enhanced look.

"Thank you!"

Rob sat in front of Jasmine and bent down to level his head with her pussy. Her legs were still wide open. "Is that a piercing?" he asked, pointing to the pearl above her pussy.

"Quit it, Rob. And no, it is not a piercing," Jasmine told him.

"What do you guys want anyway?" Tina asked.

"Nothing, we just wanted to check on you. We were bored," Rob answered.

"Okay, we still need some more time to get ready," Jasmine said.

"Do you mind if we just hang out here?" Rob asked.

Girls looked at each other and shrugged. "That's okay, just close the door," Jasmine told them.

James closed the door. The boys walked over to the window to look down at the progress of the party arrangements. Girls went back to their thing ignoring their brothers.

"So, what's next?" asked Tina.

"Let's see here, my bracelets and earrings," She said and grabbed them from the jewelry stand. Tina helped her put on her earrings, while Jasmine slipped the bracelets on her arms.

Then she got up and grabbed her high heel sandals and put them on, one at a time while sitting on the edge of her bed.

"Your pussy looks too wet, is that okay?" Tina asked.

"Yeah, that should not be a problem. It looks alive when it is moist."

"Okay. Let's see your finished look then," Tina said.

Their brothers turned their attention to her as well.

Jasmine walked to the end of the room and did a little walk on the runway.

She looked absolutely gorgeous. When she reached closer to them she posed, like the models do at the end of the runway. All three of them clapped.

"There are a couple more things I want to show you. Now I wouldn't use those today, to keep it modest, but if I were to go to a party, say, only with my friends, I definitely would like to look sexier."

Jasmine reached out to another jewelry box and pulled out a shiny, chrome object with a bright blue crystal at one end. "This is a butt plug. It is pretty self explanatory, I guess," she said laughing.

Tina grabbed it from her and turned it around in her hands to check it out. "Can you show me?"

Jasmine, without any hesitation said, "Sure. Here, I will let you insert it in my ass. Just use a little lube over there."

Jasmine climbed on her bed and got on her four. This was way too interesting for the boys to miss. They immediately moved in the right position to get the best possible view.

"You guys are perverts," Jasmine said. But they just ignored her.

Tina applied lube on the butt plug. Then she went behind Jasmine ensuring that she did not block the view for the boys. First she put two fingers in her mouth and did small circles around Jasmine's butthole with her wet fingers. Then she slowly inserted a finger to check the tightness. It was pretty tight.

"Are you sure this won't hurt you?" Tina asked, sounding concerned.

"I am positive."

Tina gently pushed the lightly lubricated end of the butt plug into Jasmine's butthole. She was still worried that it may hurt her. But Jasmine's assurance helped her and she kept pushing it in slowly and firmly. Finally the whole shaft of the butt plug disappeared inside her and only the round, blue crystal remained outside. Jasmine wiggled her butt happily.

The brothers moved in closer for a better look but Tina shooed them away.

"I guess it won't be visible when you walk though," Tina said.

"That's right. This is more of a tease, whenever I bend. But I do bend over often to show it off when I use it," Jasmine showed them what she meant by getting down the bed and bending over, just enough for her butt plug to be visible.

"Awesome!" Rob said, visibly excited.

Jasmine got a text from Neha that she was about to reach. Jasmine responded to her text quickly and threw the phone on bed.

"We need to rush, the party will start soon," Jasmine said.

"You said there was one more thing, right?" Tina asked.

"Yeah, there are a few more things, but let me show you the one I meant, real quick."

Jasmine opened her wardrobe. It was practically empty. She took out a piece of clothing which looked like a top.

"Ok, this is a crop top. Let me put it on, it is easier for me to show it than explain," Jasmine said.

She put her arms through it and carefully pulled it over her head. It was made of glittery, metallic looking silver colored fabric. The top draped her boobs just falling short to cover her nipples. Both her adorned nipples were still visible. Jasmine stood with her hands on the hips to give them a better look.

"Isn't it too short?" Rob asked.

"That's the whole point."

Just then, there was a knock on the door and James opened it. Neha entered and closed the door right behind her.

"Rob, Tina, this is Neha, my friend and Neha, they are Rob and Tina, my cousins," Jasmine introduced.

"Are you also a naked girl like Jasmine?" Neha asked Tina.

"No, no. I am just experimenting, I am not as bold as her," Tina said shyly.

Looking at Jasmine, Neha said, "You look ravishing, don't tell me you are going to the party like this."

"Nope, I went a bit overboard while showing Tina what you can do to look better while naked," Jasmine said.

"Well, then let me take a good look at you," Neha said and she held Jasmine by the shoulder. Then she lifted the edge of her top, to get an unobstructed view of her nipples. She also touched the ruby dangling from her waist chain, just like Tina did earlier. If it wasn't for everyone present in the room, they would have been all over each other by now, especially when Jasmine looked so inviting.

"Wonderful," Neha said.

Jasmine removed the crop top and put it on the back of her chair. "Ok, let's go downstairs, the party is about to begin. Tina, do you want me to stay and help you get ready?"

"No, you guys carry on, I will be right over."

Everybody except Jasmine thought Tina was staying back to get dressed.

"Oh, I almost forgot," Jasmine cried out as they stepped out of the room. Then she whispered to Neha, "I still have the butt plug inside me. Neha, can you help me remove it?"

"With pleasure, but let me first see it," Neha said, putting her hand between her butt.

Jasmine pulled Neha inside the bedroom. She made sure Neha was behind her then bent over, once again, holding the back of her chair.

Neha turned around and found that the guys also stalled. "You guys go on, we will be right over," Neha said.

Neha sat on her knees, under Jasmine's spread legs and looked up. "I see there is more than just the butt plug that needs to be taken care of."

She went under Jasmine's legs and sucked on Jasmine's pussy lips till she got all the juices. She liked her taste so much. Then she slowly moved her tongue to her ass and pulled the butt plug out with her teeth.

"Thank you so much," Jasmine said, taking the butt plug from her mouth and kissing her lightly. She did not want to ruin their makeup by getting into any rough act. Tina just stood there, like a deer caught in headlights.

Jasmine and Neha walked out of the room leaving Tina alone.

Tina stayed in Jasmine's room, waiting for the right moment. When almost everyone who was invited was there, she called Jasmine's phone and asked her to come up.

"Okay, I need your help now," Tina said and told Jasmine her plan quickly.

Both the girls walked down. Everybody was out at the party, so Tina was safe.

Tina walked very close, right behind Jasmine. She was almost invisible behind her. They went through the sliding doors of the porch, still good.

The music stopped and all the lights at the party were turned off. Only the porch lights stayed on. This caused almost everyone to look at the porch at once.

Then slowly, Tina stepped to the side coming in full view of everyone. There were several audible gasps among the crowd.

"What the hell are you doing?" Tina's mother yelled and raced towards her. Her father was right behind. They both covered her naked body with their own and almost pushed her inside the house.

The party mood changed. There were whispers all over. Jasmine grabbed the microphone and announced, "Guys, it is no big deal. It was just another naked girl. Don't act like you have never seen one in your life."

Jasmine was so charming that she could commit a crime and walk away smiling. There were chuckles and laughs and the people immediately went back to enjoying themselves.

Few minutes later, Tina and her parents walked in. Tina was wearing clothes this time.

The party, however, continued like any other party. People got drunk, sang songs on karaoke, danced, argued, laughed and had a blast. Jasmine was happy to be able to spend time with Neha.

Tina remained quiet and pretty much stayed in one place, shielded by her parents.

Sometime after midnight people started departing. Tina just followed her parents, keeping her head down, when they left the party. When Jasmine went inside, lights were out and all bedroom doors were shut.

Jasmine woke up early and got right to her studies. She was glad she only had a couple of beers last night. Anything more and she would still be in bed.

The house was awfully quiet. It felt like the calm before an impending storm. Jasmine was just bracing for the impact. She started hearing voices as everyone was getting up and around but she stayed put in her room.

"Memsahib, your mother wants you to join the family for breakfast," it was the maid.

"I will be right there."

"This can't be good," Jasmine said under her breath. Her mother never sent for her, she just yelled from downstairs.

When she walked in the dining room, everyone was already there. She took her usual place at the table. For the first time, she felt that she should not have come there naked. She could feel the eyes on her even though she was not looking at any of them. There was food on the plates but nobody had touched anything so far.

Pete cleared his throat and Jasmine thought, "Here you go!"

Then he started speaking, "Well, last night was very embarrassing, to put it mildly. Andrea and I are very disappointed; I was just short of slapping Tina. Rosie, I did not want to ruin your party, so I controlled myself.

Before we came here, we knew what to expect. But watching someone on the stage and getting yourself on the stage are two totally different things. We did not anticipate what it would do to our daughter when we allowed her to hang out with your naked daughter."

There was contempt in his voice. Jasmine was getting furious but she knew that her mother would never hear a word against Uncle Pete. Jasmine and Tina just kept looking down avoiding any eye contact. Somehow, Jasmine felt like an accomplice.

Pete hadn't finished talking. He continued, "Tina, her mother and I had a long conversation last night about the events leading up to the party. Tina is a timid and introverted girl. She was picked on in school all her life. She barely speaks up even at home, going naked in front of everyone is out of question for her.

When she arrived at the party naked and stepped out into the light, she broke out of her shell. There was a sparkle, just for a moment, in her eyes that we have never seen before."

It was Andrea who spoke next, "I think what happened to Tina in the last few days changed her forever. And it was the change we always wanted to see in her. We do not want to take it away from her. To sum it up, what we are saying is, if you do want to go around naked at home, we are okay with that." She was speaking looking directly at Tina.

Everyone at the table looked at Andrea and then Tina, they were not sure if they heard it right.

"Excuse me?" Tina said. These were her first words since morning.

Andrea was smiling, "You heard me right, dear. Go on and strip if you wish. We are leaving tonight and you are free to stay naked until then. Just dress up before we leave for the airport."

Tina looked at Pete as if she needed additional confirmation. Pete nodded. Tina got up and ran upstairs.

The mood around the table changed instantaneously. Andrew called on the servers to remove cold food on their plates and bring in hot breakfast.

Andrea said, "Jasmine, I owe you an apology. I judged you without really knowing you."

"Aunty, it is absolutely okay."

Tina came back, naked. She slowly slid into her chair and everyone at the table carried on with their conversations without any interruption.

Both naked girls hung out all day together. They even swung over to Beth's house in the afternoon and ate lunch there.

Rosie handed out the presents she had kept ready. The bags were already packed and airline schedules were checked frequently.

Finally, it was time for Pete's family to leave. Everyone stepped out, again as their family tradition, to see them off. There were hugs and kisses. Tina, who was clothed then, couldn't hold back her tears anymore when she hugged Jasmine.

"I am going to miss you a lot," Tina said through her silent sobs.

After the final goodbye, James stepped on the accelerator of his SUV and they were gone.

Jasmine felt like she needed to clear up something, at least with her mother. Once they were inside she said, "Ma, just so you know, I did not provoke Tina to get naked. It was solely her decision."

"I know dear. I am not mad at you. In fact, I am very happy and relieved. Pete and Andrea had been mean to me for years because of your public nudity. I had to silently take on their blows. And I cannot just ignore him; he took care of me like my father after our father passed away. So I do care for his approval. It is also the reason I had to overcompensate with everything. But today everything changed. I am no longer a punching bag. Seeing Tina naked all day among us made everything right for me."

Then she hugged her ever naked daughter and kissed her on her forehead.

Jasmine did very well in her final exams and graduated at the top of her class. She was the first ever student to attend the convocation ceremony wearing nothing but the graduation hat and black sandals.

Over the next few months, James started to work closely with his father and strived to be his predecessor one day. The bond between Neha and Jasmine continued to strengthen. They had both secretly agreed that what they had between them was definitely more than just experimenting and started thinking about their future together.

It had been more than seven months since Jasmine graduated from college. She seemed occupied with something. Finally, she thought, she had figured out what she wanted to do with her life. One fine day she told her father that she was ready to discuss her plans for the future.

"Dad, remember when you told us about generating wealth, it is a big part of my plan," Jasmine said. "What I am proposing to do is going to be big and your naked daughter will no longer be hush-hush. So before I start spinning the wheels, I want to make sure you are onboard with me."

Jasmine was talking to her family and Neha whom she had invited to be part of this discussion.

"What exactly are you thinking of doing?" her mother asked.

"Neha, remember Becca? We met her a few months ago at Poornima," Jasmine asked.

"Yes, I remember Becca and Don."

Jasmine said addressing everyone in general, "We met Rebecca and Don Davis, well known reality TV producers a few months ago. I did not know they were famous back then. Becca, as she goes by, planted an idea in my mind about a reality TV show based on my life. I spoke to her a few times recently and she is still very much interested."

"So you are going to do a TV show?" James asked.

"Yes. But that is not my endgame. It is only a small part of a huge plan."

She went to her room and brought her handwritten notes. She was leaning over the table, with a pen in her mouth, shuffling through the notes to find the right papers. Her boobs were hanging down. Neha wanted more than anything to just slip under them and suck on them.

Jasmine walked them through her plans in detail. It took her a long time to go through the entire thing. It was pretty obvious that she had spent a lot of time and put a lot of thought into the proposal.

"It is a very, very long shot," her dad said when she finished explaining.

"I know, Dad. But even before that, I need to know if you guys are ready for it. What I am thinking of doing is going to impact not only us but so many people," Jasmine said. "why don't we give it a couple of days to just decide whether to pursue it or not?"

Neha already confided in Jasmine that she is on board with her. And she finally sucked on those boobs that had teased her for the last three hours during the whole discussion.

After a couple of days, her father and mother told her, "Well, we only live once. And if this is what we have in our fate, so be it. If you really want to do it, you have our full support. It is going to be a hell of a ride."

Jasmine knew her parents supported her in almost everything but she was not entirely sure about this one. She hugged both her parents and asked them to wish her luck.

"I am going to send you the contract, please read it carefully, take your time," Becca told Jasmine on the video call. "Do you have any suggestions for the name of the show, Jasmine?"

"Born to be Naked," Jasmine responded.

She signed a multi-million dollar contract for "Born to be Naked".

The TV show crew arrived a week later. After several planning sessions, the actual shooting date was set. The idea was to follow Jasmine and keep shooting with minimal interference, as she carries on with her life. So she would have at least a couple of crew members following her wherever she went.

"I have great news, dear," her father couldn't contain his excitement as he entered the house. "We have all the required permits."

"The timing couldn't be more perfect, we are working on the last episode of season one. I think, with this news and the success of season one so far, we are in the perfect spot to reveal the big picture to our audience," the Director suggested.

It was Jasmine's idea to release the episodes as soon as they were ready with minimal editing. This would serve two purposes, first it would make it more natural and 'live', and second it would gain attention and publicity rather quickly. Whatever was telecasted in season one was a huge hit so far. Well before the first episode was broadcasted, Jasmine had her own staff including her lawyers, personal secretary, public speaker, financial advisor, marketing team, so on and so forth.

They were going to conclude season one revealing Jasmine's big plan and it would set the stage for the next season. The set for this recording was crucial. Jasmine was sitting at the center, naked, and her family and friends were behind her in a semi circle.

"Thank you for the overwhelming responses to 'Born to be Naked'," she said directly into the camera. "As season one comes to an end, I want to share with you what we are going to do next. As you know and have seen so far, I have broken all the norms, customs and traditions. Nobody could have ever dared imagine that a woman can go naked just about anywhere and she can do just about anything without wearing any clothes, especially here, in a conservative country like India. Since the entire world learned about me through this show, I have received hundreds of thousands of queries from girls, across the globe, who are motivated and have expressed a strong desire to live naked just like me. But they know it may not be possible for them. What I experience, being always naked, is so divine that it will be too selfish to not share it with everyone.

So what we are going to do is create a magical place where it will be possible for anyone to experience it. You will be able to visit this magical place, not on TV, but in person. When you visit it, you will be part of that experience. Any girl could experience what it is like to be Jasmine. We are building (drumroll) a naked city.

You will see in season two, I traveled to several renowned nudist places across the world to gather ideas for designing this city. The biggest nudist place currently is in France. Ours is going to be at least four times bigger and much better.

In this city, anyone, men and women, could go naked anywhere and anytime. There will be no restrictions or laws around nudity. In fact, nudity will be highly encouraged everywhere. And yes, it will be all perfectly legal; we have worked it out with the government.

The several miles-long beaches are going to be just one of the several attractions here. There will be a water park and an adventure park. There are going to be restaurants to serve food from all major cuisines of the world. Two five star hotels along with several affordable hotels are beginning construction very soon. We are breaking land for a huge casino next week. We will have everything you expect to find in a big city. We have had so much interest that we literally had to pick and choose who can build here.

For those who wish to live here permanently, there will be several opportunities to buy or rent. This place will be open to anyone in the world as long as they follow the rules defined by this city's administration. There is going to be a big visiting center at the entry and will provide all the information. Lastly, the city limits will be heavily guarded 24/7 to deter any unwanted elements.

We expect to open the gates of our new home to the world exactly in one year from now. The best part of this mega project is that you will be able to watch the progress through this show.

I cannot wait to see you all here, naked. Good bye and see you in season two."

2 Years Later

It was a Friday evening of a summer month, in the city which was now officially called as Jashn (means celebration). A black limousine was cruising through the city. There were several shiny high-rise buildings in the distance.

There were beaches on one side of the road. People were leaving after spending the day at the beach. Pedestrians of different ages, ethnicity and background were out enjoying themselves and most of them were absolutely naked. Several college girls were skating on the sidewalk, they were also naked except for their helmets and knee pads.

On the other side of the road were several restaurants with outdoor seating. Most of the tables at the restaurants were occupied and several patrons were enjoying their food and drinks, without wearing any clothes.

The limo turned and was now moving away from the ocean. It stopped at a red light. There was a new college and dormitory across the street. A big group of college girls was crossing the road. The girls were wearing only tops of different length but nothing else. Going bottomless was a new trend among the college girls in Jashn.

One of the girls screamed, "That's Jasmine," pointing a finger at the limo.

They all ran to the limo and Jasmine lowered the window. Mobile phones started clicking pictures. Many of them asked for a selfie and Jasmine gladly allowed them and even posed for them from inside her limo.

"A lot of new girls seem to have adopted our lifestyle," Neha said, once they started to move again. Neha was also permanently nude for over a year.

"Indeed," Jasmine said. "But I like the naked girl sitting by me the most."

Neha and Jasmine got married a few months ago. They were earning a ridiculous amount of money. At their ages, they were one of the richest couples in the world.

Neha gently kissed Jasmine. Then she started sucking on her nipples and inserted a finger in Jasmine's pussy. "I know how you like your nipples to look hard and your pussy wet when you are going to make a public appearance," Neha said.

"You know me so very well," whispered Jasmine and closed her eyes.

The limo pulled in front of the new casino that they built very recently. Their entire family was waiting because it was the grand opening of the Casino. Jasmine pointed to the huge sign that displayed the name of the casino - Neha's.

When Jasmine and Neha got down on the red carpet, the paparazzi clicked their cameras crazily. There was a mix of naked and clothed people all around.

Tina had arrived in Jashn for the occasion. She ran to Jasmine and hugged her. "So nice to see you, finally. I am never going to wear clothes ever again!"

"You don't have to, dear," assured Jasmine.

"I don't see much of you anymore. But why should I, you are a big celebrity," her father teased her.

She ran in her father's embrace, "I am still your same silly, naked Jasmine, who loves you most in this world, Dad!

The End
