Thunder on the Ohio
byBluDawg15©

This story happened during the summer of 1983 on the Ohio River between Shawneetown, Illinois and Evansville, Indiana.

My wife Jane and I decided to attend the "Thunder on The Ohio", Unlimited Hydroplane races held in Evansville, Indiana that year.

For those of you who aren't familiar with the races, the Ohio river is blocked off for all river traffic in both directions while the races are held on Sunday. The unlimited class of hydroplanes hosts boats such as Miss Budweiser and Atlas Vans and the put on quite a show.

Jane and I get up Sunday morning before daylight and head for Shawneetown, Illinois where we put our boat into the river about 7:00 a.m. to begin our 60-mile run up the river.

When we start up river, Jane pulls her swim suit coverup off to reveal a little red string bikini with tie strings on the side of the bottom. Seeing her in this bikini, I knew it was going to be a good day. This is her favorite bikini as the bottom barely covers her smooth shaved pussy and the triangle cut top struggles to contain her C cup boobs.

With Jane being 5' 2" and 110 pounds with clear blue eyes and light brown hair, this suit looks delicious on her. It leaves just enough to the imagination to cause guys to stare and drool. Oh, one more thing about this suit, it isn't lined and only has one thin layer of material, making it almost transparent. When wet you can plainly see the dark outline of her areola and her hard nipples protrude through the top. The bottom is just as revealing, it clings to her pussy showing a perfect camel toe and molds to her butt like a second skin, nestling in her butt crack and emphasizing both cheeks, leaving pretty much nothing to the imagination.

After blasting up river for several hours we finally arrive at Evansville. When you arrive at the race course, the spectator boats tie up side by side from one bank of the river to the other. There are probably two dozen rows of boats on the down river side of the races when we get there. The party begins when you anchor your boat to the river bottom and tie onto the boat next to you.

From here on, it's a boat hopping, beer drinking, drunken event. There are all shapes and sizes of people in various stages of intoxication and undress climbing across boats going from party to party, most of it being beef cake for the lady's eyes.

Jane made sure she kept her sunglasses on the whole time so she could check all the guys out. She claimed she wasn't, but I wasn't buying that. I know my wife... Ha.

As the day and party wore on, Jane was getting pretty horny and was doing a bit of showing off. Saying that she needed to cool off, she would get in the water for a while and splash around.. When she climbed out, her bikini top and bottoms both were virtually transparent allowing everyone to get a good look at her beautiful boobs, camel toe and smoking hot butt. Every time she climbed the ladder to get back into the boat, i noticed an exaggerated swaying of her ass and then a little body posing while drying off.

Jane and I decided to do a little socializing and climbed across several boats to visit other parties. We had been to a couple of the parties and decided to head back to our boat to put more beer in our small cooler.

Jane was ahead of me by one boat and I was watching as she started to climb from one boat to another when she lost her balance and fell backwards. The guy standing behind her "helpfully" caught her by grabbing her with both arms and pulling her back against him. This caused Jane's bikini bottom to shift exposing one cheek of her butt as well as the front of the suit bottom to pull up tight into the lips of her pussy, presenting everyone a view of her perfect camel toe. Her bikini top had also twisted and one of her C cup boobs popped out of the top.

The final result was, Jane was laying up against the guy with her bare butt cheek pressed against his crotch, the guy's right arm is around Jane's chest and his hand is holding the boob that popped out and his left arm is around Jane's waist with his hand cupping her camel toe that is showing through the bottom.

After what seemed like several minutes, Jane finally moves to get out of the guys embrace and they separate themselves. Jane who by now has had quite a bit to drink and is very horny, gives the guy her sweetest smile and thanks him for catching her. She then puts her boob back in the top, reaches out and gives his dick a lengthy squeeze though his bathing suit and resumes her journey back to our boat.

She never bothered to pull the bikini bottom out from between her butt cheeks, or from between the lips of her pussy. I thought about telling her that her butt was showing and that everyone could see her shaved camel toe, but decided I like looking at her as much as the other guys around us did. So why ruin a great show.

When we got back to our boat, Jane told me that the guy who caught her when she fell backwards on the boat, was tweaking the nipple of her breast and his other hand was cupping her camel toe and stroking her pussy/clit with his finger as he held her. She said if felt so good that what she really wanted was for him to bring her to an orgasm right there in front of everyone. She had to force herself to get out of his embrace as she was really horny and could feel her pussy getting wet. Sure enough when I looked down, I could see a dark spot had formed in the camel toe of her bikini bottoms.

The race eventually came to an end and we headed down river towards Shawneetown and home. About 20 minutes into the return trip, the boats were beginning to space out and putting some distance between them, making it less hectic and crowded.

Looking at Jane reclining in the bow of our boat with her front towards me, I ask her to pull her bikini top to the side so her boobs would show. That way I could enjoy the view of her boobs and her pussy camel toe on the ride home. Every once in a while, I would ask her to show me her pussy and she would pull the crotch of her bikini aside and give her pussy and clit a few strokes while I watched,

This went along smoothly for some time when I noticed that a wet spot had appeared in the crotch of her bikini bottom, and her nipples were really hard. I just assumed it was from her boobs being out and her playing with her pussy from time to time that was causing it.

What I didn't know was, two guys in a boat behind us had spotted Jane's boobs on display. Once they spotted her boobs, they dropped in behind us and were slowly coming up on us so they could get a better look. Jane had noticed the guys and that they were slowly drawing closer to look at her.

Jane isn't really an exhibitionist, but when she gets to drinking, she isn't above showing off a little and this in turn results in her getting really horny. As I said earlier, she does enjoy guys looking at her and there are two guys slowly coming up on us from behind, and Jane is getting hornier by the minute knowing they are watching her.

The first inking I had that something was going on was when Jane reaches up and unties her top, taking it off completely. I give her a raised eyebrow, what's up look, and she just smiles and tweaks both nipples. Who am I to question a great show, I just give her my most lecherous look and enjoy what I assume is my private show.

We continue on down the river and I am really enjoying the show. Jane is now lightly rubbing her nipples and keeps a constant teasing of her pussy going on. She seems to be getting hornier by the minute.

After just a few more miles, her pussy juice has completely soaked the crotch of her bikini bottom and her nipples are sticking straight out as she teases them with tweaks and pinches, all the while she caresses her camel toe through the bikini bottoms.

About ten minutes later, Jane unties one side of her bikini bottom and lays it to the side exposing her vagina lips and the blue butterfly tattoo beside her camel toe. She then continues to stimulate her nipples as well as stroking her clit and occasionally inserting a finger into her sex tunnel. .

I am absolutely loving the show Jane is putting on, my dick is hard as a rock and my swim trunks have a large wet spot in front from the precum leaking out of my dick.

Just when I didn't think it could get any hotter, Jane reaches down, unties the other side of her bikini bottom, raises her butt off the boat cushions and pulls bikini bottom off entirely, leaving herself completely naked and exposed on the boat.

She then proceeds to draw up her legs, bending them at the knees and spreads them wide to each side, totally exposing her glistening wet vagina lips, protruding clit and sex hole to me.

Jane then begins to lightly trace the outer lips of her vagina and rub her clit with the fingers of one hand, while tracing circles around her nipples and pinching them with her other hand.

Jane has very sensitive nipples and loves "nipple play". She has actually had orgasms from just playing with her nipples.

Things have really heated up here and I am going nuts. Jane's vagina lips are swollen with desire and her pussy is dripping with lubrication. The beach towel she is laying on has a wet spot from her pussy juices running out of her vagina and both nipples are rock hard as she is totally into pleasuring herself and focused on sex.

It is at this time that I notice movement out of the corner of my eye. I look around and see a boat coming up even with us on the port side with two guys in it. Both of them are standing up in the boat, stark naked and stroking hard dicks that looked about 7 inches in length and equally impressive in thickness while they watch Jane pleasure herself.

I look around at Jane and she is totally zoned in watching the guys pumping their meat as they watch her rub her clit and fuck herself with her fingers.

By this time, my dick is rock hard, leaking a flood of pre-cum and throbbing with each beat of my heart. I am incredibly turned on knowing that two guys are watching my naked wife pleasure herself by rubbing her clit and squeezing her nipples, while she is watching them jack off.

Shortly, one of the guys (the driver) climaxes and shoots three huge loads of cum onto the dash and steering wheel of his boat, covering them in his white sticky spunk.

Linda seeing this starts to whimper and her toes curl under, a sure sign she is about to cum.

The second guy in the boat lets loose with his orgasm and falls back into a boat seat where he offers up four large loads of white sticky cum onto the floor of the boat.

This pushes Jane over the edge and she lets out a loud yelp as her own orgasm hits. With her head thrown back, chest heaving, nipples hard as rocks and her fingers plunged as deep into her pussy as she can get them, her whole-body tenses with her orgasm and rises off the boat cushions she is laying on, hanging there for what seemed like a full minute and a half, before coming back down to the cushion as her orgasm resides, totally spent.

After both guys in the boat orgasmed, they pulled their trunks back on, yelled across the distance between the boats, telling Linda how hot she was and thanking her for the show. They then speed up and move ahead leaving us behind.

Jane after coming down from her orgasm, realized I hadn't cum yet and came back to the cockpit and began to play with my dick while she was rubbing herself. She got on her knees on the floor of the boat and put my dick in her mouth. She continued to play with herself while she sucked on my dick. (sucking cocks has always been one of her favorite things to do) With thoughts of the day running through my head, the cum exploded from my dick and into her mouth. She took in every last drop of it.

The rest of the trip back, we both remained naked and just relaxed while talking about the experience.

Getting close to the Shawneetown boat ramp where we would leave the river, I pulled my swim trunks on and turned around to see Jane pulling a thin, white, wife beater shirt over her body with nothing on under it. The shirt barely covered the cheeks of her butt when standing straight up, any movement would expose her shaved pussy and butterfly tattoo as well as her bare butt cheeks. The side of her boobs were clearly exposed as the shirt straps only succeeded in covering her nipples. If she twisted to the side or bent over, both of her breasts were exposed to anyone looking.

We loaded the boat and while not intentionally flashing anyone, Jane did provide several people around the boat ramp a little show. I am sure some of them went home with a lump in their shorts and the memory of seeing a smoking hot wife's shaved swollen pussy and boobs. From their reactions to Jane, I suspect several jacked off that night to the memory of Jane's show.,

Just before we got to the highway, we decided to stop at a local bar and have a beer for the road. The parking lot was filled with boats on trailers and the place seemed busy. Jane was trying to decide if she should put her bikini back on or just wear the wife beater shirt she was already wearing. Still being horny, she decided to just wear the beater as she thought it would be fun to watch reactions.

When we got in the bar, it was packed with boaters, most of the guys were in cutoff jeans or swim trunks and the women were in an assortment of miniskirts, cutoff jean shorts and bikini tops, along with some thong bikinis. Jane in just her beater shirt wasn't that obvious as the other ladies were displaying a lot of cleavage and some nipples along with a nice selection of camel toes.

We found an empty table and Jane set down as I made my way to the bar to snag us some beers. When I returned, I was surprised to see the driver of the boat that from the river now setting with Jane. (Turns out his name was Jim) Jim told us he and his buddy Greg arrived at Shawneetown before we did. They got the boat loaded on the trailer and his buddy left for home while Jim stopped at this bar to get a beer. Jim was standing over by the pool tables when he saw us walk in.

Jane still being horny from her show on the river, came right out and asked Jim how he liked the show she gave him and his buddy. He was kind of sputtering and blushed a little and finally said it was the sexiest thing he had ever seen and they both really enjoyed it. He thanked Jane for an experience he will never forget. Jane told him he was welcome and that she had a great time doing it. She was glad that Jim and his buddy liked it.

About this time, Jane managed to (accidentally/on purpose) knock her billfold off the table onto the floor and asked Jim to pick it up for her, as she couldn't reach it. When Jim bent down to pick up the billfold he suddenly stopped and didn't come right back up. Jane had spread her legs and her sex was on display for Jim. He had a bird's eye view of her pussy and the lips of her vagina which were starting to moisten up again. Jane finally cleared her throat rather loud to get Jim's attention. When he raised up, he had a really big grin on his face. Jane asked him what took him so long and he mumbled something about being distracted and couldn't find her billfold. She asked him what distracted him, was it her butterfly tattoo or her pussy that he liked the most?

Jane then told Jim that since he had seen her pussy up close, she should get the chance to see his dick up close as well. After all, fair is fair. It was decided that we would all go outside and Jim would show his dick to Linda in the parking lot.

When we got out by our boat, we stopped and Jim pulled his swim suit down and pulled out his dick. It was about seven inches long and quite impressive in diameter. Jane then reached down and started stroking it with one hand while cupping his balls with the other.

As Jane continued to stroke it, pre-cum started to form on the tip of his dick. After a few strokes, Jane then reached down, grabbed the bottom on her wife beater shirt and pulled it up off her body and over her head leaving her naked except for her sandals.

I could tell she was getting excited as she began playing with her nipples. Then her hand reached down, and with one finger, began to rub her clit.

She then pulled Jim's face close and looking him in the eyes, told him I want you to suck my nipples. He obliged without argument!

She looked over at me, as if to ask "do you mind". I gave her a nod of ok.

As I watched, I wasn't sure how I would react. But, I found myself getting more and more aroused!

As Jane's excitement grew, she reached down and took hold of Jim's hard cock, wrapping her hand around it and gently stroking it. Jim let out deep groan and increased his nipple sucking and tweaking.

Jane was again totally zoned in on sex and pleasure, nothing else existed as her pussy was in control of the situation. Pulling Jim's head off her nipples, she again looked him in the eyes and said to him, " I have been thinking of your hard dick ever since watching you jack off, I want to suck on it and have you come in my mouth".

Jim being while being filled with lust for Jane at the moment was a little hesitant and looked at me for approval. I just grinned and told him, "hey, the lady gets what she wants".

Jane then pushed Jim up against the side of boat and knelt in front of him. She began by sucking Jim's balls in to her mouth one at a time, then releasing them, she moved to licking the length of his dick, from the base to the head, then with small quick licks on and around the head of his dick. Then she slowly put the head of his throbbing dick in her mouth and sucked it gently, but quickly, just to tease it. As she did this Jim began to moan. She continued taking his dick in and out of her mouth and began stroking it harder and faster with her hand. Jim's eruption was hard, and his cum was on Linda's face and in her mouth as she was unable to swallow all of his load and some escaped.

After we all said our goodbyes and agreeing to meet again next year for the ride up the river to the race. Jane and I climbed in the truck and headed home.

After giving Jim a blow job, Jane's pussy was dripping and she was still on fire. Jane having not put her beater shirt back on when she climbed into the truck naked, then put her feet on the dash of the truck which exposed her pussy giving both of us ready access to it and her boobs.

Driving with one hand I reached over and started rubbing her clit with the other, at the same time, Jane was giving her nipples a work out. We didn't get more than a mile down the road when Jane started whimpering and then had a mind-blowing orgasm, screaming " OH,,,, OH,,, OH,,,,, I AM COMING!" and stuffing three fingers in her pussy as it hit. Once she came down from her orgasm, she looked at me and said, "I need to give one more blow job tonight. Your turn big boy."

Leaning over in the truck seat, Jane proceeded to remove my shirt and sticky swim trunks leaving me naked. Taking my hard dick in her hand, she started by licking off the pre-cum that coated my stomach and the sides of my dick. She then guided the head of my dick onto her mouth and proceeded to milk it trying to get all of the pre-cum out.

Holding my dick into her mouth, Jane began swirling about the head of my dick with her tongue as she slowly took more and more of it into her throat. As she deep throated me, I could feel the cum load tensing up in my ball sac and knew I wouldn't be able to last long. With Jane rubbing my balls and massaging my dick with her tongue, I couldn't hold it any longer and shot load after load down her throat. Jane loves to suck dicks and always swallows every bit of cum, never spilling a drop. This time was no different, pulling off my dick after I orgasmed, Jane grinned and asked if that took the edge off. I told her yes, for now. Ha..

We chatted about the day's events during the rest of the drive, agreeing that we had both been surprised when Jim revealed to us that he and his wife Brenda were swingers. He suggested that if we were interested, that next year, Brenda would probably come along and we could perhaps add some additional fun to the day's activities.

Jane stayed naked during the drive home with her feet on the dash allowing us both to have access to her pussy and nipples, as we discussed the day's activities Jane stayed wet and during this time one or the other of us was always teasing her nipples, lightly stroking her vagina lips, fingering her clit or finger fucking her.

It was a long fun filled day and we both can't wait until next year. Hopefully Jim told Brenda about what happened today and they will show up next year.

Humm.. Come to think of it, we might not wait until next year, we may have to call them in a week or so.  