A Weekend with Her Boss: by Bakeboss
"No seriously, Julie I couldn't ask for a better husband. He's good looking, has a great paying job, does more housework than me, and even treats his step children as if they were his own."
"Vickie, you are truly blessed, after that deadbeat of a first husband, I swear it seemed that the only thing he could do was keep you knocked up. And yet I can hear that 'but' in your voice, come on and give, what's wrong with him, don't tell me, I bet he's got a tiny dick."
"No honestly, it's not that, in fact he's proof that size doesn't matter. He's way bigger than Jack and yet the only way he can get me off is with his tongue. It's not him, it's me, he's just not enough of a man to make me cum. I was missing a real fuck so much that I was considering leaving him and then I had to go to that weekend conference with my new boss."
"Were you naughty?"
"Oh my god was I ever, the first night he took me to dinner and then up to his room where he practically ripped my clothes off, threw on the bed and fucked me silly. He just used me like a dirty whore and when he had his fill, he kicked me out of his room. I loved how slutty I felt, I even begged him to let me suck him off one more time. When he said no, I picked up my clothes and walked out naked, leaving my panties with him. I came so much I lost count but as soon as I got to my room I jerked of like a teenager."
"So did Roger ever find out about your weekend?"
"That's the best part, I felt so guilty I had to confess and he told me he was glad I'd done it. He said it turned him on even to think about me with another man, he said he was proud to be my cuckold. Do you believe that? We spent the evening with me on his face as I told him about all the nasty things Mr. Johnson did to me. When he came on his belly, I rose and scooped some up the spread on my puss. I sat back down and told I wished it were my bosses cum he was now eating. He said yes, yes, feed me his sperm and I came so hard it spurted from my cunt, then I swear Julie he came again."
"So are you still fucking your boss?"
"Oh no, with him it was just a conquest thing and he's lost all interest. Just to tease Roger, I tell him that I crawl under his desk and suck his dick and it drives him crazy. When I let him fuck me I tell him how lousy he is and it makes him cum. But it's all OK because now that I know that what I need is a man who just uses me, I'm thinking of calling my Ex, I may even let Roger watch, he said he wants to see me in action."
"So what does your husband have to say about all this?"
"That's the best part; he says he's the luckiest man alive."
"No I think you're the luckiest woman alive."
"So do I Julie, so do I."
