A trip to the store
Mariah
Wed Nov 28, 2007 15:43205.188.116.7

 Jenn, I saw this comment about socks and needed to get my .02 worth -- before 
 I met you guys I use to think it very strange that Jessi went almost 
 everywhere barefoot...I haven't become quite the convert to being barefoot 
 that you guys are (plus working in the office I usually have to be a little 
 more dressed than the average college student <sigh>) My personal fav is flips 
 -- they are light and I can kick them off if I need/want to. Knowing that I 
 like to wear them Jessi usually makes sure that I DON'T when she makes me go 
 anywhere in just my birthday suit...

 Which brings to mind last night -- Jessi decided at 9:40 that she needed 
 something from the grocery store. Our Publix (Florida local chain) closes at 
 10:00 so she said, "Let's go!" I wasn't naked, but I didn't have anything on 
 but a long thin grey t-shirt (my house shirt)...it comes to just below my 
 butt. I started to grab my jeans and she said, "No, like you are -- unless you 
 want to be in your birthday suit..." I quickly headed for the door! I started 
 to slip on my flip flops and she said, "Didn't I just say, just like you 
are??"

 So out the door barefoot and wearing nothing but a long old thin gray t-shirt 
 I went. I figured I'd sit in the car while she ran in...she figured 
 differently...she parked further away than needed since the store was closing 
 in ten minutes and the parking lot was close to empty...the asphalt was smooth 
 and cool on my barefeet....I was keenly aware that I only had on one thin 
 piece of clothing, but I certainly didn't want to have less so I tried to act 
 as normal as possible.

 Jess btw, was wearing jeans and t-shirt, but she too was barefoot. This store 
 has never said anything to us about not wearing shoes so I wasn't worried 
 about that...but, since I knew we were going by the freezer section I was 
 worried about my nipples being very visible throught my thin shirt (they 
 were). The ten minutes seemed like a long time and it was as if every nerdy 
 stock boy needed to see if we needed any help in finding anything <SIGH>...As 
 we walked out the door I heard a whistle and the manager just smiled and said, 
 "Good night," as he locked the door behind us...the parking lot was now 
 completely empty except for employee cars parked even further away.

 "OK," said Jess, "more fun time. Give me your shirt."

 "JESS!"

 "Now."

 "What if someone sees me?"

 "Its been too long if you are worried about that -- you spent almost a week 
 nude in the Keys..."

 "But, that was with your family, in a closed area, and everyone else was 
 naked..."

 "Mariah, I mean NOW."

 Nervously I looked around and quickly slipped it over my head. It was a warm 
 70+ degrees but I felt a chill as the impact of my sudden nudity hit me..."

 "Now, let's just walk straight to our car..." said Jessi

 We did, but I knew at any minute search lights were going to come on and 
 police were going to grab the College President's admin walking stark naked 
 across a public parking lot...they didn't -- and we got to the car without any 
 one seeing us. But, I remembered clearly what Jenn means by "Comfort Zone." It 
 has been a long time since we did any "streaking" or public nudity (outside of 
 being with friends and family) and my zone had clearly shrunk...

 When we got home Jessi insisted I stay naked as we made our way back to our 
 condo. We are probably some of the youngest people in the complex so most of 
 the others were already in bed...but, again there was that chill of being 
 stark naked where I am usually not. 

 Jessi smiled when she saw the goose bumps and said, "We can warm you up when 
 we get home...and clearly, before it gets too cold you need to spend some more 
 time outside...in the nude.

 So, in case anyone wonders if the two crazy girls are still at it...yes, we 
 are -- the warm-up was hot chocolate, but not before my bottom was first 
 warmed with a good hand spanking...after the spanking and after the hot 
 chocolate things got even hotter when we took a hot shower and then climbed 
 into bed really turned on by all the evening's activties :) Mariah 







 