The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

Aphrodisiac 


Clifford wait up.

Cliff spun around to see Tracy running towards him down the deserted 
hallway. He loved the way her hair flew out behind her as she ran. 
Almost as much as he loved watching her breasts bounce in her school 
blouse. He could sit and watch that for hours.

Hi Tracy. Cliff looked around to see if anyone was watching. 
Tracy and her twin sister Stacy had introduced Cliff to sex just the 
other day but since then they had practically ignored him at school 
(see Twins 1  shameless plug --). He guessed that hanging out with 
the school nerd would affect their popularity. He didnt really care 
too much, as long as he got to screw them again. But here was Tracy 
calling out his name in the middle of school. Ok it was between 
classes and there was no one in sight but someone could turn up at 
any second. Maybe Tracy had decided that she didnt care who knew 
about her and Cliff. Maybe she wanted people too see. Maybe she was 
in love with Clifford. He smiled at her as she approached.

What can I do. He was cut off in mid sentence as he was dragged 
into a nearby janitors closet.

Jesus Clifford, keep it down will you? Someone might see me talking 
to you.

Clifford sighed as his dreams blew away in a puff of reality. Oh 
well, it was to be expected he thought.

Okay, he said in a whisper, what can I do for you?

Well its about me and Stacy. We kind of got into a dare thing 
again.

Clifford nodded. He remembered the time that he screwed the twins 
started out as a dare to get him to wank in front of Stacy. That 
quickly changed when they caught sight of his monster dick.

Whats the dare this time?

Well you know the party thats on Friday night?

Yes.

Everyone knew about the party at Janets house. Her parents where 
away for the weekend and she was holding a celebration party with all 
her friends. All the cool people would be there. Tracy and Stacy 
would be there, they where the coolest girls in school. Clifford 
though was definitely not invited. 

Well there is probably going to be some serious screwing going on. 
There always is at these types of parties. Stacy dared me to get 
Janet laid.

Well jeez that shouldnt be to hard. Ive heard she likes to fuck. 
And Ive heard that shes also bi. So whats the problem?

The problem is who she is supposed to screw. No its not you so you 
can take that smile off your face. We want to keep that dick of yours 
to ourselves. She gave him a lustful smile that had Cliffs blood 
rushing to the lower regions of his body.

So who is it then?

Willy.

Willy? Cliff had to bite his lip to keep from bursting into 
hysterical laughter. Willy had to be pushing 300 pounds. They didnt 
call him Free Willy for nothing. He shuddered at the thought of him 
on top of Janet. Willy also had a personal freshness problem. To be 
blunt, Willy stunk. Every school has one person that is right at the 
bottom of the food chain. Willy was the plankton of Piermont High.

You are screwed Tracy. You will never get Janet to fuck Willy. Not 
even if you got her plied her full of alcohol. No one could be that 
drunk and live.

There is no way I am going to be Stacys slave for life. Besides, I 
have a plan. And thats where you come in. She gave Clifford a wink 
that had his pants straining at the seams.

Oh? And what plan is that?

An aphrodisiac. I found this formula in an old textbook for 
something called Spanish Fly. I need your help with this Clifford. 
You know all about chemistry and stuff.

Ive heard of Spanish Fly. But its supposed to be a myth. I doubt 
it will work but there is no harm in trying it I guess. Do you have 
the book with you?

Yes its in my bag. Hold on Ill get it out. Tracy squatted down 
and rummaged through her bag. The room was cramped with the two of 
them in there so she was literally at Cliffs feet. He could see down 
her blouse and the swell of her breasts within. Her face was right in 
front of his fly and Cliff could feel her breath on his cock. If this 
kept up he was in serious danger of shooting in his pants. He tried 
to move back a bit but a shelf of cleaning products stopped him.
Tracy was quite aware of Cliffords discomfort. She liked to tease 
him like this, and it helped to keep control over him. He would do 
anything for her if he thought she would fuck him. It wasnt all 
tease though. She was dying for a repeat of the other day. Only this 
time it would be just her and Cliff. She was getting wet at the 
thought of having his huge cock pound into her tiny puss. She was 
trying really hard to remain focused on the job at hand. She found 
the book and slowly stood up again, making sure to rub her body 
against Cliffords as she did.

Here you go Clifford. Why are you sweating?

Umm I guess its a bit warm in here. Shared body heat and all. 
Here, let me see that. He took the book from Tracy and opened it 
too the place she had marked with piece of paper. He felt Tracys 
hand wander over the material covering his cock.

It doesnt look like this will be too hard to do. I can get all 
these chemicals from the chemistry lab. I have the keys so I can stay 
back late after school tomorrow and whip up a batch. But we will have 
to find a way of testing it first. We need some subjects that have no 
physical interest in each other, just to make sure it works. Umm 
Tracy why are you unzipping my fly?

Well I dont know about you but my next class doesnt start for 
another thirty minutes. So what do you say Cliff? Wanna fuck?

It was a stupid question really.


After school the next day Clifford was in the lab reading the book 
while he combined chemicals. It was hard to concentrate on the job at 
hand. His mind kept flashing back to yesterday in the janitors 
closet. He closed his eyes and replayed the events in his head. 
Tracy had taken his cock out and was stroking it as he unbuttoned her 
blouse. She put her arms around his neck and asked him to lift her 
up. Cliff slid his hands under her skirt and was surprised to 
discover she was not wearing any panties. He smiled and squeezed her 
firm young arse. With a quick movement he lifted her up so she could 
wrap her long legs around him.
He smiled as he remembered that silky feeling of sliding into her 
tight pussy. It was a quick fuck, but a satisfying one. Tracy had 
moaned his name as she climaxed which was all the encouragement Cliff 
needed for his own orgasm. Then they cleaned themselves up and went 
back to class.
And now he was alone in this lab mixing together a concoction that he 
wasnt entirely sure would work. But Tracy had wanted him to do it so 
he did it. It was that simple. At least there was nothing in it that 
was poisonous. He added on last ingredient and sat back to watch it 
foam in the beaker. 

There, its done, he said to no one in particular. He wondered 
who they where going to test it on. Tracy had told him not to worry 
about it because she had it all worked out. He heard the door open 
behind him.

Tracy?

No its Stacy. Tracy got detention for skipping class. You didnt 
have anything to do with that did you Cliffy? She draped her arms 
around his neck and looked over his shoulder at the concoction in 
front of him. Is it ready?

Yeah its finished. But it has to be tested. Tracy said she had 
someone but now shes not here.

Dont worry Cliffy, she told me all about it. She pulled out an 
empty coke bottle from her school bag and handed it to Cliff. Here, 
pour it into here and grab your stuff. We have to hurry before they 
go home.

Before who goes home? Who are we going to try this on?

Dont worry about that, just fill that bottle and come on.

Clifford carefully poured the brown liquid into the coke bottle and 
screwed the cap on. He was about to ask Stacy again who they were 
going to test it on but before he could utter a word she grabbed his 
arm and dragged him out of the room.


They made their way down the halls to the office of the student 
newspaper. Clifford opened his mouth to speak but Stacy shushed him. 
They peeked in through the small glass window set into the door to 
see if anyone was about. Inside were Kerry Anne and Ian Dury, talking 
and sipping coffee. They were both editors for the paper and had a 
reputation for being elitist. Clifford had been the bane of their 
sarcastic jokes more than once and Stacy had often been lampooned in 
their paper along with her sister. To her this was a punishment long 
coming.

How much of this stuff do we need to use Cliffy? She held up the 
brew and waggled it in Cliffords face.

Only a few drops, its very potent.

Okay, you create a distraction out here and I will slip it into 
their coffee. She opened the door and walked into the room. Kerry 
and Ian looked up at the new arrival as she sauntered in.

Oh look, its miss teen slut 1999. Who are we sleeping with this 
week? Kerrys sarcasm dripped from her tongue like poison.

Well isnt that nice? I just came in here to offer my help on your 
little rag and this is the greeting I get.

Clifford watched Stacy exchange glares with Kerry then turned his 
attention to the hall. What could he do to create a distraction? A 
fire alarm would be no good, they wanted Kerry and Ian to stay long 
enough to drink the coffee, not run from the building. He turned to 
walk down the hall and look for something better when his feet got 
tangled up in Stacys bag. He reached out to grab something to keep 
himself from falling but only managed to pull down a nearby locker 
with him as he fell. The crash of the falling locker reverberated 
through the empty halls. He rolled over onto his back to see Kerry 
and Ian standing in the empty doorway. Cliff noticed that Ian had a 
camera in his hand just as he started taking photos of Cliffords 
predicament.

Thanks Cliff. Now we have a picture for next issues front page. 
Ian gave a cruel grin that made Clifford cringe. Then he noticed 
Stacy appear behind them and smiled as she gave him the thumbs up.

Pick up this mess Clifford, said Kerry in her best condescending 
tone. We have a paper to print so do it quietly. And with that 
they disappeared back into the room, closing the door behind them. 
Stacy and Clifford where left alone in the hallway.

Did you spike their coffee? asked Clifford as he picked up the 
fallen locker.

Yup. Put in half a bottle.

Half a bottle? I told you that stuff was powerful. You only need a 
few drops.

Well they insulted me, pouted Stacy.

Jesus, theyll probably kill each other.

They peeked in through the window again to see what was happening. 
Kerry and Ian where talking again, to low for Stacy and Clifford to 
here what they where saying. While they spoke they took sips of 
coffee from their cup. Clifford noticed that Kerry seemed to be a 
little flushed.
Stacy noticed the bulge slowly swelling in Ians pants.

Holy shit, that stuff actually works, said Clifford. Hang on a 
second, I have an idea. Be right back. And with that he raced down 
the hall and disappeared around the corner.

Stacy watched him run off and wondered where he was going. She turned 
back to the window and saw that Ian was unconsciously rubbing himself 
through his pants. Kerry had one hand inside her blouse and was 
gently pinching her nipple. Stacy was amazed that they where still 
talking normally as they did these things. It was as if they had not 
noticed what either of them was doing. She suddenly became aware of a 
presence beside her. She looked over to see Clifford setting up a 
video camera on a tripod.

What are you doing?

What does it look like Im doing? Dont tell me the idea of 
blackmail offends you.

Clifford, you surprise me. I had no idea you had it in you.

I would rather have it in you, mumbled Clifford under his breath. 
Stacy heard what he said but chose to ignore it. For now. She was 
surprised that Clifford had thought of taping this so they could 
blackmail them afterwards. But the idea definitely appealed to her. 
She thought that if Clifford were a bit less nerdish she wouldnt 
mind hanging out with him. She decided to talk to Tracy about it 
later. Maybe they could fix him up a bit. Make him more appealing for 
mass consumption. She turned back to the window to watch the 
festivities. She was shocked to see that Kerry and Ian were now 
practically naked but still talking as if nothing unusual was 
happening.

Whats wrong with them Cliffy? Why are they acting like that?

I dont know. Maybe they just dont want to accept that they are 
horny for each other. It wont last though. With the amount that you 
gave them it will only be a matter of time before they start 
screwing.

As if on cue coffee mugs and clothing went flying as Kerry and Ian 
fell upon each other.  In an instant they where licking and sucking 
each other in the middle of the floor, Ian on his back with Kerry 
writhing on top.

Are you getting all this Cliffy? whispered Stacy out of the 
corner of her mouth. She didnt want to take her eyes off them in 
case she missed something.

Yes, I have it on automatic. Its recording everything that happens 
in there. This will teach those pricks. Try to embarrass me will 
they? Clifford was enjoying this immensely. It wasnt often he got 
to exact revenge on someone. He discovered that he liked it. In fact 
it was giving him a hard-on. Or was it from the show going on in 
front of him? Whatever it was, it was getting him hard. He looked 
over at Stacy and noticed she was licking her lips as she watched the 
show. He wondered if she was as horny as he was.


Oh my yes Ian. Lavish my petite velvet cavern with your oral 
appendage. Insert your manly tongue deep within me. Kerry had no 
idea what had come over her. One minute she was discussing that nerd 
Clifford with Ian and the next thing she knew she was naked and 
sucking on his cock. She just couldnt help herself. She had never 
done anything like this before but now she just couldnt get enough. 
She ground her hips down on Ians face while she sucked and stroked 
his cock. He was giving it his best but his tongue just wasnt 
getting the job done. With a cry of frustration she rolled off him 
onto her back and spread her legs for him.

Copulate with me Ian. Insert your rampant manhood into my opening 
of desire.

Ian looked at her with a mixture of lust and confusion in his eyes.

What the fuck are you talking about?

Fuck my cunt you arsehole. Fuck me hard and fuck me now. She 
grabbed her ankles and spread her legs wider to emphasise her point.

Ian, who was so horny that not even the crack of dawn was safe, threw 
himself on Kerry and started humping like a fox terrier on speed. In 
a matter of seconds he started to jerk, pulling himself free of 
Kerry. His orgasm caused him to have a mild seizure, which in turn 
caused him to shoot cum everywhere. As he regained his senses he saw 
that cum was all over the place. Dripping from tables and chairs, 
splashed on computers and photocopiers, hanging from pictures and the 
wall clock. But most of all it was on Kerry. She was swimming in it. 
But it appeared that she had not noticed that Ian had cum. She was 
still writhing and moaning as if he was still fucking her. Ian was 
shocked. How could she be so slutty? How could she act like such a 
whore? How could she do this without him? He looked down and was 
pleased to see he was still hard. With a cry that sounded very much 
like Geronimo he leapt back into the fray.


Stacy and Clifford where still watching the show as it entered the 
second act. Stacy looked down at Cliffs pants and noticed a familiar 
bulge. It had been a few days since she had been fucked and it was 
very frustrating for her. The activities going on inside the office 
where not making it any easier for her.

Cliffy?

Yes?

Will that keep recording by itself?

Yup. Or at least till it runs out of tape. In about three hours.

Cliffy? Is this getting you hard?

Very much so.

She moved behind him and ran her hands over his bulge. He tried to 
turn too her but she stopped him.

No, dont turn around. Just keep watching the show. I want you to 
watch them while I do this.

She slid her hands inside his pants and gently rubbed his cock. 
Clifford let out a sigh as she pulled down his pants enough to free 
him. With his cock out she was free to stroke him properly. With long 
slow strokes she soon had him on the edge of orgasm.

Do you want to cum Cliffy? she whispered into his ear.

Oh god yes he moaned.

You have to promise to do something for me Cliffy.

Anything. He was so close now his vision was beginning to cloud. 
He could feel her grip on him strengthen to stop him from cuming.

You have to eat me while I watch them fuck Cliffy. Can you do that 
for me?

Yes, anything. Just let me cum.

Good boy. She relaxed her grip and Cliffy shot his load all over 
the door in front of him. He found himself bucking uncontrollably as 
he did. It was the most intense orgasm that he had ever experienced. 
With a sigh he collapsed with his back against the door, totally 
exhausted. He opened his eyes to find Stacys pussy thrust into his 
face.

Your turn Cliffy. Eat me. She pushed her pussy onto Cliffs 
waiting mouth and ground her hips against him as she watched Kerry 
and Ian.


Kerry was in the throws of a massive orgasm. She had long ago lost 
count of her orgasms and to be honest she really couldnt care less. 
Ians sexual abilities came as a complete surprise to her. She had no 
idea that he could fuck like this. The fact that Ian was totally 
unable to keep up with her never came close to entering her lust-
fogged mind. 
In fact Ian had only been a factor in less than half of her orgasms. 
Most of the time he was sitting in a heap trying to catch his breath. 
He desperately wanted to rest but his body and Kerrys insatiable 
lust would not allow him. He tried to crawl away but Kerry grabbed 
him by the ankle, threw him on his back and was on him faster than a 
sailor on a two-dollar whore. Ian groaned in terror as his cock once 
again rose to the challenge.


Stacy climaxed, flooding Cliffs face with her juices, and slid down 
his chest to straddle him.

Damn Cliffy, youre getting good at that. We might just have to 
keep you around.

Clifford was not fooled for a second. He knew they where only using 
him till he was of no use to them, then he would be cast aside. But 
he didnt care one bit. Clifford knew that for now he was having the 
time of his life. He would worry about bad things when bad things 
happened. He reached up and gave Stacy a playful squeeze of her 
breasts. 

So I guess this means the experiment was a success then. Is there 
enough left for the party on Friday night?

Not really. Not for what I have in mind.

I thought it was Tracy that had to do the dare.

It is dear Cliffy. But I have some plans of my own. She gave 
Cliff a mischievous grin that both scared and excited him.

What are you planning Stacy?

Youll find out on Friday Cliffy.

But Im not invited to the party. No nerds allowed remember?

You just let me and Tracy worry about that Cliffy. Now about that 
brew. Can you make some more?

Sure, I have all the stuff I need in the lab. And indeed he had. 
In fact he had more than enough. He had done some research on the 
ingredients before he started putting them together and had become 
more and more convinced that it would work. So he had obtained a 
little extra for himself. Clifford had his own plans.

We had better get all this stuff packed up before someone comes, 
said Cliff looking around. He was worried that they would get caught 
even though the school was obviously deserted.

Not just yet Cliffy, said Stacy as she gently eased his cock into 
her pussy. We have enough time.


Kerry came too in the early hours of the morning. She looked down and 
saw a coffee mug protruding from her aching pussy. As her eyes 
adjusted to the gloom she saw a trembling mass huddled in the corner. 
It looked vaguely familiar.

Ian?

No. Go away. Leave me alone. I dont want to fuck any more and you 
cant make it. It was the voice of a petulant child.

Ian I She gasped as she pulled the mug free only to find another 
one inserted behind it. She managed to pull it free as well as the 
banana that was stuck in her arse.

What the hell happened?

You cant make me Kerry. You cant make me.

Oh grow up Ian. We had sex. Get over it.

Just sex? You tried to kill me. You tried to fuck me to death. My 
dick is so raw I cant touch it. Why wouldnt you leave me alone? Why 
didnt you stop when I begged you too? You were like a wild animal.

Kerry could not explain why she acted the way she did. She was just 
overcome by incredible lust for Ian. A lust she couldnt control. She 
got up and walked over to Ian.

Come on, get up. Youre not hurt.

Ian dragged himself to his feet and walked over to where his cloths 
were. He was about to pick them up when he noticed a paper sign on 
the combination VCR and Television the school paper had borrowed from 
the media studies room. He bent over and read it out loud.

Leave Clifford alone. Play me to find out why.

What? Kerry was wondering what Ian was doing.

It says play me. He reached over and pressed the play button on 
the VCR. The Television burst into life to show Kerry and Ian 
screwing on the floor of the office. Ian stood there with his mouth 
open.
Kerry was a little more vocal.

Son of a Bitch!


Thats the end of Part II of Twins. But it certainly isnt the end of 
our story. Next week Part III of Twins will hopefully answer some 
questions.
Will Tracy complete her dare?
Will the twins get Clifford into the party?
What is Stacys secret plan for the party?
What does Clifford intend to do with the left over Spanish Fly?
Will Ians dick recover from the abuse?
Will Clifford sell video tapes for $25 a piece?
Some of these questions will be answered.
Some will be ignored.
But one thing is for sure.
Someone is gonna get laid.
Thats next week in Twins Part III, The Party.

