Locked Out
by JoandD

Wife gets locked out on her balcony, and is rescued.

I would like to share an experience I had a few summers ago while my husband, Dave was out of town on business. Since he was going to be gone for several days, I decided I'd go to our condo at the lake to use up some vacation time I would lose at the end of the year. I was also looking forward to some "alone time" and maybe even going out on our pontoon boat and enjoying sunning naked in a private cove. I decided to go during the week to avoid the weekend crowds and protect my privacy a little.

When I got to the lake, our neighbors who have also been friends for many years were unpacking their car. I hadn't known they were going to be there, and frankly it disappointed me that I'd likely have to share my time being sociable with them. That's nothing against them, just reflecting how much I was wanting time alone. They have been friends from before either of us had lake property, and even before Dave and I were married. Jean is a dear friend and we've been through all kinds of experiences together, both good and not-so-good. Jim is a great friend too, and like with many friendships men have with women, his has always included a limited and very subtle sexual interest in me. This has never been a problem between Jean and me and has never been overt or inappropriate.

Early in our friendship was the braless era, and I was a natural for it, with petite breasts, 36As, and sensitive and easily aroused nipples, I could make a t-shirt make a statement, without having too much of a good thing to have to manage. I have always thought my breasts were my sexiest asset, maybe in part because of their modest size. Dave always says I have "A+ tits on anyone's report card."

In those days I often caught Jim looking at my chest, clearly appreciating what I was pointing out to him and hoping for a good down blouse or arm hole peek. Now, here at the lake I'd occasionally caught him hoping I'd have a swimsuit malfunction when we'd go out on the boats together.

When I saw them in the parking lot I stopped to say "hello," add the usual peasantries, and profess my need to get in and unpack. Jim asked if I'd like to join them for dinner and a drink, and I opted for just an after-dinner drink. That turned out to be a good decision and limited our talking to pretty general topics, rather than specific plans for the week. Since Dave was not with me, they asked if I wanted to go out on their boat the next afternoon. That put me in a bind; if I made an excuse to not join them, I couldn't very well go out in our boat alone without looking a bit rude. So, I acquiesced and agreed to join them but only for a couple of hours.

The boat ride was pretty uneventful and both Jean and I wore shorts and tees instead of swimsuits. I was glad to get back to my condo and read. They'd invited me for dinner again, and again begged off, telling them I had work to catch up on. We didn't make any plans to get together the next day, which seemed good to all.

I loved having the day alone and read and laid in the sun for a while on our patio. I had opened up the condo to enjoy the fresh air as I stayed in my two-piece suit from sunning. By late evening, it was getting warmer and more humid and looked like it could storm any minute. Being such a hot, humid night, I decided to sleep naked without even a sheet covering me. The tactile sensations of lying uncovered and with the breeze playing with my sensitive nipples I soon found myself in the midst of a very sensual dream.

My would-be wet dream was rudely interrupted by a clap of thunder, the temperature dropping significantly, and the wind picking up dramatically. A serous rainstorm was approaching.

We have a small balcony off the guest bedroom that we share with the condo next-door, and I have some herbs and plants in pots out there. I was worried that the wind could beat them up, so I went out on the balcony to move the pots to a safer corner. Since there weren't many neighbors around and likely none still awake, I went out on the balcony without bothering to put anything on. And, I must admit, after my dream the thought of being outside nude with even a slim possibility of being "caught" was a little bit of a rush too.

As I was moving the plants the wind picked up even more and the breeze through the condo blew the balcony door shut. The lockset has a safety feature where you can go out the door without physically unlocking it, but once closed again, it remains locked from the outside. So there I was, naked on the balcony, with no "hidden key" or cell phone. While our next door neighbors' car wasn't there, I checked the door to their balcony and of course it was locked too. Now it was starting to rain with lots of lightning and it was getting much colder too. I started to panic a little and began thinking about what I could do.

There weren't a lot of options, so I considered trying to crawl over the railing and then lower myself to the balcony floor level and let myself drop to the ground. I figured the balcony was about 8 or 9 feet off the ground and since I'm 5'6", my drop would be about 3 and a half feet, or even less with my arms extended while holding on to the edge of the floor. All this seemed so logical, I was about ready to proceed, but then I started questioning my arm strength and if I could actually lower my body and hold on to the edge before dropping.

Unfortunately, I had seen bedroom lights go off in the condo in the next building in Jim and Jean's condo. They had a key to our unit that opened both the front and balcony doors. So they could toss me the key and I could get back in. But their condo is probably 50 feet away and with the sound of the rain and thunder, I really doubted I could shout loud enough for them to hear me.

So I went back to Plan A, and threw my leg over the railing, then the other leg and I was standing on the outside of the rail, with my bare feet sticking in between the spindles. I figured I could bend at my knees until my hands could grab on to the bottom of two spindles, then lower my body until I was close enough to the ground to safely drop. As I started to bend, my wet feet slipped on the wet wood, and I nearly fell. It scared me enough to struggle back on to the balcony again and give up on that idea.

Now I was shivering terribly from the cold and trauma of my near fall. I knew now I would probably be outside until morning and naked to the eyes of who ever would be my rescuer. I just tucked myself up into a fetal position in the most protected corner of the balcony and eventually fell in and out of asleep most of the night. I woke up with sunrise and sat with my knees pulled up to my chest to keep as much of my modesty as possible.

At what I thought must he 7:00 or so, Jim came out to go golfing. As he packed his golf cart, I tried to quietly get his attention, but with the balcony railing hiding me, I wasn't having much luck. So I stood up trying to cover as much of me as I could with both my arms, and yelled again. He saw me and obviously knew something was amok. He came closer and could most certainly tell I was naked. I told him my problem and he went to find my condo key. After a while he came back and said he couldn't find it, but that he'd go get a ladder. Why I didn't tell him to bring some clothing first, I'll never know. I guess I assumed he just would.

A few minutes later, he was back with an eight-footstep ladder, and he was climbing up to help me over the railing. While he's been a good friend and ogled me for 20 years, he's never seen me completely naked. I wasn't quite sure what to do or say to get in control of the situation, but I sure didn't want to sound like some ungrateful prude by sending him back for something for me to cover up with. It was still early enough in the day that no one else was around, so I decided to just get this over with as soon as I could.

He climbed high enough so when I swung my left leg over the railing, he could guide my bare foot to the top step of the ladder. For safety's sake, this was actually a pretty good idea given how unstable I was feeling. I'm sure he finally got that full view of my tits he'd always been hoping for, not to mention a pretty wide-open view of my bare pink crotch as I climbed over the rail. He must have also loved the view when I went down the ladder step by step with him right under my butt. By now Jean had figured out something was going on and seen my predicament. She came running with a raincoat for me to put on as soon as I hit the ground.

Jim left to go golfing and she had me come inside their condo for some hot tea and to warm up. After I explained how all this had happened, she went to a kitchen drawer and got the key to our condo; the one her husband so "conveniently" couldn't find. I guess that's the "bottom" line cost of being rescued. I knew our friends well enough to know he wouldn't be able to keep from telling our other neighbors about my "adventure" on the balcony. I just hoped they would leave out the "being naked" part. It's one thing for him to have gotten to see me, it's quite another for him to "brag" about it to our other friends and neighbors.

I feared for the worse from the rumor mill, so that afternoon I called Dave to tell him the whole story before he heard the soon-to-be-embellished version that would likely be making the rounds at the lake. He suggested that I stay at the lake, and he'd join me for the weekend after he returned home.

I pretty much stayed to myself until Dave got there. We went over the whole "locked out" scenario and in hindsight, it didn't seem to be as traumatic as I had first felt. I really wasn't all that worried about the gossip now that Dave heard it all directly from me.

My main concern was how this would affect our relationship with Jim and Jean. While I couldn't prove it, it seemed his inability to find our condo key was on purpose so he could see me naked up close.

Dave said, "I'm not sure I can blame him, he's always had an eye for you, and this was likely the only time he'd ever get a chance to see you naked. Just chalk it up to letting a good friend live out a fantasy."

Knowing something of how men think, I couldn't really argue with him. For most women I suppose there's always a little ego boost to knowing another guy finds you attractive and sexually desirable. With that in mind, I revised my indignation to feel some appreciation for Jim's convoluted compliment. With a little more time, it might even become a sensual memory to enjoy in the middle of a sultry night.

Jean called and invited us to dinner on Saturday night and we agreed this would be a good way to clear the air and move on. Dave and I really didn't want to over analyze anything. I had been in a bad situation, and Jim helped me out of it, period. And he'd likely already seen my tits in the braless days.

Dinner turned out to be a great time to catch up on current events and families. Jim apologized for not being able to find our key, and Jean added it had been under a lot of other stuff when she got it. That was good enough for us. Jim and I went outside to the patio for a glass of wine, while Dave helped Jean clear the table. That gave me time with Jim to assure him I had no animosity, and really did appreciate his help. I didn't add anything about being a tinge aroused by his attention. He told me "After tonight I think things will be even between us."

When we got home, I told Dave about Jim and I being "even" with each other, and that I thought that was a strange way of him stating things were "OK" between us.

Dave got a big smile on his face and said' "Now I understand."

"Understand what?" I asked.

"After Jean and I got the dishes into the dishwasher, she turned to face me and pulled up her shirt and bra to show me her bare breasts, and told me, 'Jim said this would help balance the ledger.'"

Dave and I both had to laugh at that. And truthfully it really did help to make us "even."
