
                          Good Night, My Pretty
                              by sourdough

-------
Synopsis: Frank rapes a woman and then listens to her story.

Codes: MF fant rape mag tg




Frank McGuire and the woman saw each other at the same time. "Oh, no," she cried. "Please, not you." She turned to run.

"Not so fast, honey," said Frank. He was on the wrong side of 40 but he was still strong and quick. He grabbed the woman around the waist before she'd run two steps. Damn! Frank thought. The bitch knew I was going to rape her even before I knew it. His prick was already stiffening in his pants.

"P-please don't," the frightened woman begged. "I'll give you money. I'll give you anything."

"One thing at a time, sweetie; first things first. I haven't been with a beauty like you in a long time." He reached up and gave her breast a squeeze. Nice. The woman opened her mouth and took a deep breath to scream but Frank was ready for her and stuffed a dirty rag in her mouth before she could get out another sound.

Frank dragged his struggling burden into a darkened alcove hidden by a large trash dumpster. There were no security cameras as far as Frank could see. Good. She was dressed in a smartly tailored jacket, blouse and slacks but the man wasn't interested in her fashion statement. With quick efficiency he pulled down her slacks. Her panties followed. The woman renewed her struggle but Frank wasn't worried. Hers was a lost cause. He bent her over a concrete abutment, freed his prick from his clothes and penetrated her easily.

Ha! Despite her protests she was really wet. She must have wanted it after all. Well, they all did, didn't they? The fight went out of the young, pretty thing immediately. Frank was grateful for that. He wouldn't have to hurt her. He settled down to have a nice, leisurely fuck. The bitch wasn't being responsive at all but Frank didn't care. He just wanted to get his rocks off. Well, not this quickly. He was already beginning to cum. The bitch was really tight.

After emptying himself inside her Frank popped his head up and took a look around. It was late at night and the parking lot behind the office building was mostly empty but one couldn't be too careful. With a little luck he could rest a bit and then have another go at her. "If you promise to behave I'll take the rag out. Understand?"

The young beauty nodded her head and took a deep breath when Frank pried the rag out. "Thanks," she said. "Listen, I uh, have a story to tell you before it's too late. You won't believe me but it's all true."

"Well, I don't have any other pressing engagements tonight," said Frank, "so I'm all ears." This was interesting. Most of them were pleading with him not to hurt them or not to touch them and to let them go. This one wanted to tell him a story.

The woman nodded her head again. "My name is Wendy Thomas."

"Dick Cheney's the name," said Frank. "Pleasure to meet you, Wendy."

"Three years ago my name was Walter Thomas." Huh? She wants to tell a fairy tale unless she's undergone one of those sex change operations.

"Damn, Wendy. Those surgeons can work miracles these days. I would've sworn you were born a girl." The thought that he just fucked a former man didn't bother Frank at all. Jail time could do that to a guy.

"I didn't have surgery. I was transformed into a woman by a witch." This is great thought Frank. Not only does she provide good nookie but she tells jokes too. Frank didn't mind playing along.

"Gee, I'm sorry to hear that, Wendy. How did you run afoul of a witch?"

"I tried to rape her daughter," said Wendy. "I was handsome, fairly well to do and 21 years old. I knew I was God's gift to women and I was very successful with the ladies. I think that's what spoiled me. If a girl I took a fancy to didn't realize how privileged she was to be in my presence I took it upon myself to educate her. That usually meant raping her if I had to. I was always lucky and no one ever filed a complaint against me.

"I liked to take drives out to the country and hike to keep in shape. I was walking on one of my favorite trails when I happened upon a young girl. She was meditating beside a stream and didn't see or hear me. She was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen and not more than 16 years old. Even with my ego I knew she was way above my class and was unlikely to get the time of day from her. But I wanted her and I was going to have her.

"Basically using the same technique you used on me I was on her before she could cry out tearing at her clothes and mine intent on popping her cherry. Just then I heard a voice behind me yelling at me to stop. Turning around I beheld an older version of the girl I was holding down. It turned out to be her mother. 'I'm afraid you're going to have to wait your turn, ' I said. 'I'll get to you in a bit.'

"'I don't think so, ' the woman responded. She said a few words I didn't understand. I blacked out and when I woke up I was changed."

"Gee, that's rough, Wendy. What did you do next?" Frank was going to enjoy retelling this story to a couple of his buddies.

"Naturally I begged for forgiveness and to be changed back to normal. As you might surmise she refused. If I had succeeded in raping her daughter she said my death would have been slow and excruciatingly painful but since I was stopped in time she felt I should enjoy some of the joys and tribulations of womanhood for a while.

"The phrase 'for a while' gave me a little hope and I asked her what that meant. She said if I found someone more worthy I might change places with him. I didn't know what that meant but before I could ask her she disappeared and I was alone. I walked back to my car, drove it to the airport and abandoned it. I cut off all my ties and started a new life as a woman. My parents filed a missing person report but, of course, I was never found. I had a little cash hidden away so I purchased a fake identification and diploma on the black market and got a job as an accountant."

"I take it you're still looking for the man who's more worthy," said Frank.

"No," she said. "I found him. He's you."

"Ha! That's a good one, Wendy. At least I could start charging for what I like to do best. However, I don't intend to start growing tits any time soon. Sorry. How do figure I'm the guy you're looking for?"

"I just knew, that's all. Call it woman's intuition." Frank noticed she smiled for the first since they met. It was a nice smile. "I finally figured out the witch wanted me to experience the horror of rape. With that in mind I started hanging out in clubs and became the biggest prick teaser in town. I succeeded in being raped, numerous times in fact but nothing happened. I'd begun to think I was wrong but tonight we met and the moment I laid eyes on you I knew you were the one if you succeeded in raping me. You must have led a very dissolute life, Mr. Cheney."

"Well, let's just say I'm no angel," said Frank. "Why were you so upset if you knew I was the one to take your place?"

"Just look at yourself, Mr. Cheney. You're old and ugly."

"Hey, wait a minute, sweetheart. I'm 38. That ain't old. As far as looks are concerned beauty is in the eyes of the beholder, you know." Well, he'd been called ugly his whole life. He thought he'd be used to it by now but he wasn't.

"I was hoping for someone who was young, healthy and wealthy. I have the rottenest feeling the witch sent you to me on purpose."

"No, no one sent me," said Frank. "Just the luck of the draw." Still, Wendy's statement kind of bothered Frank. This was an upscale area of the city and he usually avoided it like the plague because it was crawling with cops. Not that he was wanted by the cops at the moment but he didn't want to be found in this area. Why did he choose this area tonight? Frank's prick twitched. His vigor was returning. "Listen, it's been fun listening to you but now I'd like to get back to business." He reached for Wendy and she didn't resist.

"I don't think so, Mr. Cheney. I feel the change coming," the woman said and then passed out in Frank's arms. Frank panicked a bit when he began to feel a little strange but then he passed out too.

The man woke first and found the unconscious beauty in his arms. "Damn, I was beautiful," said the man. He moved the woman and laid her gently on the ground. He was a Boy Scout in his life as Walter so he was prepared. At least he hoped he was. He stuffed the rag back into the woman's mouth and tied her hands and feet together with twine he had in the purse. The fear that the curse was still on the woman's body stilled any desire to take advantage of her.

Now to find who I am the man thought. He reached into a back pocket where he felt a wallet. Hmm, Frank McGuire, age 43. Shit! Twenty years of his life gone in a flash. He had to start life again, this time as a middle aged loser. Oh, well. He'd try to make lemonade out of the lemons just handed to him. He heard the woman moan.

"Are you all right, Wendy?" The woman opened her eyes finally and then really opened her eyes when she found herself staring at her former self. She started screaming through the cloth gag but not much sound was coming through. The poor girl is in shock. That's to be expected Frank thought. He waited until she had exhausted her screaming fit. She started pulling at her bonds but that proved useless also.

"Listen, Wendy. I wanted to warn you but I don't think you would have believed me anyway. You're now Wendy Thomas and I'm Frank McGuire. It's the witch's curse I told you about." Wendy said something muffled through the rag and Frank pretended to understand what she said.

"Yes, I know it's hard to believe but now you've got to believe me. It's not so bad for you. You're a young and beautiful woman and I'm an old and ugly man. I'm sure you have the advantage if you know how to work it right and yes, you could make a fortune selling your body." Wendy shook her head furiously. The thought of charging for what she liked to do best was no longer so appealing.

"Well, there are other possibilities. You could get married or have a boyfriend. With looks like you have there are a lot of candidates. I might have done the same if I ever would have become comfortable being a woman. But trust me, being a woman is no picnic what with cosmetics, fashion and hygiene. Hygiene is big with women. You even have to be careful about the way you wipe your butt now or you'll risk a vaginal infection. You certainly can't continue to be casual about it. Yes, I can tell. When was the last time you bathed?" Wendy groaned and began to shed tears. Frank appeared not to notice.

"I have all the feminine health and beauty videos you might need at my apartment that you can watch and learn. Then you can practice. It took me a while but I got to be pretty good at it. By the way, the apartment is yours now as well as the car. I can't use them now. The car is paid for and the rent on the apartment is paid for the next two months. The keys to both are in your purse. I wouldn't bother showing up for work since I don't think you know anything about accounting.

"Say, I have an idea. You can sue the owners of the building for providing lousy security. The night security guard is always asleep on the job when I see him. Well, you can't blame him. He has a day job too. Sue your boss also. He's the one who made me work late tonight and all alone. You wouldn't have been raped otherwise. It'll serve him right. There's an attorney whose office is in this building. His card is in your purse. He's pretty good. Be careful with him though. He's kind of sweet on you but he's married." Wendy screamed again through the rag then kind of whimpered trying to elicit some kind of sympathy.

"Well, I have to get going. I have a hideout prepared where I can lie low for a while until things calm down. I'll telephone the security guard in about 30 minutes to tell him where you are." Wendy's grunts took on a threatening tone and Frank knew she was cussing and threatening.

"Now calm down. I know you know who I am but it won't do you any good if I'm caught and thrown into prison. I'm going to go look for that witch now and when I find her I'll be prepared. I'll stick a gag in her mouth before she can utter one of those spells and then I'm going to fuck her six ways from Sunday. Then I'll kick her ass for both of us and make her lift that curse. Just you watch. I'll be back to be being Walter and you'll be back to being Frank. After that I'll wring her pretty little neck."

"Oh, there's one thing I almost forgot to tell you. Since this wasn't my club night I wasn't wearing protection." Wendy's eyes grew wide with comprehension and she screamed through the rag again. "Yeah, you really fucked yourself. Bwa ha ha ha! I don't want you to have an unplanned pregnancy. Hey, I like this laugh." Frank leaned down and kissed Wendy on her forehead. "Good night, my pretty," Frank said and then he was gone.




-------
The End
-------
 
