My Wife Becomes an Exotic Dancer 

By JSR

My wife is two years younger than I. We dated for 3 years before we got married (she was 18 at that time). Although no one would know, she had a dynamite figure. However, she was self conscious of it. She always wore clothing that detracted from her true self. I had seen her in a skimpy bathing suit, so I knew what the real her looked like. She was 5ft. 7in. Tall, had a 34DD chest, 25 inch waist, and 30 inch hips. She was a natural red head, light complexion, and several freckles on her face.

All the time we were dating, I kept trying to get her to wear clothing that would complement her figure, but she resisted, saying that her figure was not the real me. I kept disagreeing with her, and even her mom and dad agreed with me.

After we were married, I stepped up my assault on her dress styles. 

We were married about a year, and one day as she was getting out of the shower, I happened to have a camera in my hand. I snapped several quick shots of her, before she realized what I was doing. When she did, she got red in the face and ask me what I was going to do with them. I said that I was going to post them on the internet, with her face obscured, and then let her took at the comments that they generated. She said you cannot do that, people will know it is me. I answered that no one except me has ever seen your body, so they would not be able to identify you. She was more than a little upset with me.

That evening, her parents were over for supper. After we had eaten, she ask her parents what they thought of a man who would show naked pictures of his wife on the internet, against her wishes? Her dad said it would depend on why he was doing it. And her mom said if you can be identified, it shouldn't be done, however, if you cannot be identified, I see no harm in it. Tracy (my wife) said then you think it all right for Evan (me) to post pictures of me nude? Her dad, said can we see the pictures, then we could better judge if they are appropriate?

I went into the bedroom and got the pictures and gave them to her dad. He looked carefully at each one, then handed them to his wife. She looked at them very carefully and handed them back to me. Her dad then said, if you obscure the face, I see no problem. Her mom said I agree. Tracy was getting a little red in the face again. When her mom reached into her purse and handed a small envelope to her.

There were about 10 pictures of her mom, all in different poses, with out a stitch of clothing. After Tracy looked at them, she handed them to me. After looking at them, I said you have good figure now, but back then you had a terrific one. She said thank you. Looking at Tracy she said, I was shocked when I first seen these. Your dad took them candidly, and until they came back from the photo shop, I had no idea that they were taken. I was upset, until your dad said that the people at the photo lab had obscured my face and submitted them to an art magazine. Now I knew that other people knew what I looked like, and even knew who I was. It took me a day or two to realize that all women have breasts, an ass, and a pussy. The only difference was how they looked. Since then I have carried these with me, and have shown them to people over the years. I get a kick out of seeing how I looked back then, and that people are aware I am a real woman.

I said I want to show them, so that she can read the comments, and maybe get over being so shy about her looks. I would also like to see her dress to show off her figure, instead of hiding it.

Her mom then said, my advise to you, is to start trying to please Evan, he is not going to hurt you, and then it will be easier for you to ask him to do things that you want. Tracy looked at me and said is that true? I replied, give and take are always the best way to work a relationship. You know that I would never try to hurt you, but I am trying to get you to realize that you are something special, and you should let people know it.

Later that evening, I was showing Tracy a web site that featured amateur pictures, and encouraged comments from those looking at the pictures. All the pictures we looked at, had not obscured the faces, but rather showed the whole face in most of the pictures. For the most part all the pictures were tastefully done, and not phonographic. 

I looked at Tracy and ask, are you still against the idea? She answered no, and since no one else is obscuring the faces we should not either. I ask are you sure? And she said, go ahead and put them on the site.

 The first picture I selected, was a half profile. I selected this on first, as it would not only show her tits, but her face, and her curves on her right side. I uploaded the picture, and started getting the next one ready. A pop up came up and said that I had a message. We looked at the message, it it said beautiful woman that you married, can you tell us her measurements? 

I had Tracy read the message, and she said tell them 34DD, 35, 30. I did that and before I could get back to the second picture, another message came in, it said please post more of this fantastic looking woman. I turned and looked at Tracy and said what do you think? She said put them all on, tonight, I love the comments.

I put a message out to hold comments for a short time, as I had more pictures to post. I posted 9 more, and then posted a message that, that was all of the pictures for tonight. Within seconds there were several more comments. I told Tracy to read them, and to answer them herself. I counseled her not to give our names, address, or even the state where we lived. For the next hour, she was kept busy with several people wanting to know more about her, not only men, but women as well. I then told her to tell whom ever she was conversing with that she had to go. Otherwise she would be there all night.

The next night when I came home from work, Tracy was just wearing panties and a bra. She knew it would make me hard instantly, which it did. She gave me a drink, sat me down in my easy chair, and then sat on my lap. After I had had a couple of sips of my drink, she said I am ready. I answered then you will have to get up so I can open my fly. She smiled and said not for that, at least not yet. Then what are you talking about? She said I am ready for you to transform the cocoon into a butterfly, where do we start?

I said we will start slowly, nothing drastic at first. The first change, is that you will no longer wear pants, jeans or any other item like them. You will only wear dresses and skirts and blouses. That will start you looking more feminine. In a few days or weeks, we will do more. She kissed me and said all right, now we can go upstairs to take care of your hard on. I said, why not right here? She said that the carpet would be hard on her skin, so we went upstairs.

A couple of weeks later, she told me that the cashier at the supermarket had ask her what she was doing differently, as she looked much nicer that she usually did. She said that her husband had ask her to quit wearing jeans, pants, etc. She said I feel a little better also.

I said its time to go a little further, I want you to take all you skirts and dresses, if you can alter them to be no longer than half way between your knees and you pussy. If you cannot alter them and make them look good, buy new ones that will meet those guidelines. This is to start tomorrow, so you might want to spend this evening, seeing and altering some of them. Another thing, when you buy new items, make them colorful, and not drab like most of your clothing is. Also along with this NO more pantyhose, you will wear nylons, and a garter belt. She said yes dear, and started looking at her skirts.

She found a couple that she thought would work, and pined them up to where I had told her I wanted them. She put one on and ask me how it looked, I said put on your garter belt and nylons, so I can judge better. Once she had them on, I looked again, took out my tape measure and measured from her pussy to the top of her knees. I told her that she needed to take  of an inch more. The other skirt could not be shortened that much, but she had one she could wear to the store. I told her that the new ones could not be longer that this one, shorter was all right, but not longer.

Her lower half was starting to look sexy, but we still had to work on her tits. The next day I had off, I took her to a Fredrick's of Hollywood store. I had them get a bra for her that held up her tits and pushed them up, but left the nipples free. Then I got one and had it modified so that the nipples would stick through the bra, and press against her blouse, again, pushing her tits up. The third one we bought was similar to the first one, but it did not have shoulder straps.

On the way home Tracy said, I do not have blouses to wear with these bra's. I told her just wear them under your current blouses, until we get you the right ones. This way you can get use to wearing them before hand. She was not sure about that, but said she would do it because I wanted her to.

On our next trip, we bought a bunch of blouses. Some she could not wear a bra with. One in particular was the same color as her hair, but was totally see through. It would press her tits against her chest, and her nipples would push out and stretch the fabric, leaving them covered, but very visible. If her nipples got hard, the extra pressure would make them stand out so that anyone could see them.

We also got her a blouse that buttoned down the front, and had a very wide V neck line. We also got her a pair of 4in heels. I told her that these were for dancing, and that seemed to placate her, as she loved to dance. As a child she had take modern dance and ballet classes. Once we got home, I told her that from now on, she would not wear panties, ever. This upset her, and she said anyone will be able to see my ass and pussy that way. I said what difference does that make, how many people have seen them online?

Thats different she said. How so, I ask. All they are seeing is a picture. Is it a picture of you? You know it is. If the picture is of you nude, then they are seeing you nude. Picture v/real time makes no difference. It I still you. 

I told her that her parents had invited us to go to the country club dance on Saturday evening. I want you to wear the red blouse that we bought, a matching skirt, garter belt and nylons, along with the new 4 in heels. She said I wondered when you were going to make me wear this stuff in public, now I know. We will go to pick up your parents, and we will see what they think. If they veto the outfit, then we will come back home for you to change. Is that fare enough? She got a big grin on her face and said yes. I knew that she felt that her mom would veto the outfit, but I did not think that she would, and I felt that her dad would love it.

Saturday evening we got ready to go to the dance, she put on the outfit that I wanted her to. She looked so fantastic, it was hard for me get my breath. I told her that she had never looked better, and I was tempted to call and cancel, she would not hear of it. She was sure that she would be changing clothing before we went to the dance.

Earlier in the week I had called and told her parents exactly what she would be wearing, so they made a big fuss over her about how fabulous she looked, which she did. I could see in her face that she was disappointed that her mom approved of the attire. Her dad had her mom ride up front with me, and he sat with Tracy and kept teasing her, and it helped loosen her up.

When we got to the CC. She was an instant hit. By the time we walked to our table, half of the men and women in the place were waiting in line to greet us. The men of course, were mesmerized by her beauty, and seeing her nipples and breasts through the material. Many of the ladies ask her where they could get similar outfits, and if she would advise them on just what to get.

I danced the first dance with her, but I am not much of a dancer. I would rather set and watch her. Her dad got the second dance, and there seemed to be no end of the line waiting to be able to dance with her.

When the band was taking a break, we were talking and Tracy said, I am having a great time, I wonder why at the high school dances, very few wanted to dance with me. Her dad said that is because of the way you dressed. Guys do not want to dance with a bunch of clothing, they want to feel the girl in their arms. Tracy said mom, why did you and dad not tell me this before? Her mom said, we did honey, but you thought that you knew more than we did. I spoke up and said there was one good thing that came out of the way you dressed then. What Tracy ask? I was able to see and talk to you, and we would not be here tonight if you had, as I would never have been able to get near you.

She leaned over and kissed me and said, maybe I was just waiting for you.

Then she said, when the band comes back, dance with me again. I know that you don't think you can dance, but I love to dance with you. If you want me to step on your toes again, I will, I smiled.

He dad said Tracy, have you ever thought of dancing for money? I am not good enough for the stage she replied. He said, it depends on which stage you are talking about. When we leave here, we will go a dance place where a lot of money can be made, and you have the talent to be one of the best. Her mom said you are not thinking of.....he shut her up and said yes, but don't tell her yet.

When the band came back, I danced with her again. It was very apparent to everyone that she did not have any panties on. Her skirt would whorl up to her waist, as she danced. Her dad took over again, and I went back and sat with her mom. I ask her about what her dad had said. She said we go to a strip joint about once a month. I looked at her kinda strange, and she said we both like to see the girls dance. We have talked to some of them and in tips alone some of them are making 1-300 a night. It is a reparable place. The girls are looked after and if anyone gets to demanding, they are removed. You may not approve, I do not know, but she could use her ability to tap dance, and ballet dancing to a great advantage. Also, tonight we are going to get there before the amateurs start, we are going to try to talk Tracy into trying to win. The winner get a week of work at the club, and a $500 prize. We think she can do it. Will you support us? I said I will not force her to do it, but I will encourage her to try.

Again as before, there was a long line of men wanting to dance with Tracy. My guess is the oldest was about 70, and the youngest must have been about 12. She danced with them all and was having a fantastic time.

When her parents said it was time, I went on the dance floor and told Tracy that we were going to have to leave. She ask why, and I said because your parents want to. I turned to the line of guys and said I am sorry guys, but we must leave. Tracy turned to them and said I have had a great time. Thank all of you for dancing with me.

As we were walking to the car, Tracy ask why we were leaving, and her dad said there is another dance place we want you to see. Where is it she ask? Not far her dad said, and it is a difference type of dancing, which your mom and I enjoy watching. I think that Evan will enjoy it also, and as a dancer you may want to do some of it yourself.

Where is this place she ask? I did not know there was a dance hall in town. It is not a dance hall he said, it is an entertainment palace. You are not talking about the strip joint are you. Yes he said. There are some very good dancers there, even you mom likes to go now and then. She looked at her mom and ask is he kidding? No, she said, I do enjoy watching the dancers, and I think that you are better than most of them. I do not want to go there she said. Her mom said, have you ever been there? Tracy said NO. Then do not make up your mind with out knowing the facts. This is a high class establishment, and all the bad things you are thinking about do not happen here. Your dad and I have been coming here about once a month for several years. We have never seen anything that anyone should be ashamed of.

She turned to me and said what do you think? And have you ever been here before? I said no I have not been to this place, but I have been to strip joints in other places. As to going to this one, I trust you mom and dad, and I think you should also. All right, she said, I will go, but what am I going to see, besides a bunch of women taking their clothing off?

You are going to see a bunch of well choreographed dance routines. Most of them are pretty good, and I suggest that you pay attention to that, as well as watch the girls. It is your dad and mom's thought that you might enter the amateur contest and see how good you are at making up a dance routine on the fly.

From what I seen you do tonight at the CC. I think that you could do very well. You want me to strip for all these people? I said it is entirely up to you, but keep an open mind for a while, watch some of them and see if it is something that you would want to do.

When we entered, we were shown to a table very close to the stage. Tracy's dad and I went to the bar to get drinks. At the bar he called the bartender over by name and said how much longer before the entries into the talent contest closes? Forty five minutes he answered. He said I might have a contestant but I won't know for a little while. The bartender gave us a paper, and said have this filled out and back to me in forty five minutes, if she wants to enter. Earlier if you can. We took the form and our drinks back to the table.

I gave the form to Tracy and said, fill this out, but do not sign it unless you want to compete. Watch some before making a decision. If you want to dance, then sign it and we have to have it back to the bartender in less than 45 minutes. She ask me what do I get if I win? I said $500, and a week of work as a dancer here. According to you parents, the dancers here make up to $200 a night in tips. If you want to do this, I will support you all I can, if you want to pass on it, then I will respect you wishes, as long as you watch and make a judgment based on what you see, and not what you have heard.

After watching three of the girls dance, I saw Tracy working on the form, and she signed it. I looked at her and she smiled and said, lets give it a try. You are sure, I ask? I love to dance, and this would work out great for us.

I took the form to the bartender, and he said have her at that door (he pointed to it) in 28 minutes. You will have to stay out here, because of the other women back stage getting ready. We will supply her with a costume. Good luck to her.

At the table, I said 27 minutes you have to be at that door. They will supply you with a costume, and give you all the information that you will need. You will be the last on stage, unless someone else suddenly decides to enter. They put them on stage in the order that they signed up.

We watched a couple of more dancers, and some ladies were gathering at the door for the contestants, so Tracy got up and went over. There appeared to be five of them. The door opened, the ladies went in, and the door closed. It would now be about half an hour before they started. Meanwhile, the regular dancers were still working. Some of the dancers who were not preforming, were serving drinks, walking around with just a g string or a pare of panties on. I could see quite a bit of money shoved in to their panties, or hanging over their g strings.

Later, the first contestant came out, she was not very good, but she tried. She took off her skirt, then her blouse. When it came time for the bra to come off, she almost fell down. Then she just danced until the last few seconds of her time before she took off her panties. She got a nice quiet applause.

The second contestant was much better, right up until the end, when she took off her panties, she got tangled up in them and fell to the floor.

The third contestant had obviously practiced her routine. It went with out a hitch and she got a lot of applause.

The forth contestant was doing well until she took off her bra. She forgot to pull it loose from her tits, and it just hung from them and flapped in the breeze. It finally fell off when she bent over to take off her panties. Again she just received a polite applause.

Now it was Tracy's turn. She came out tap dancing, took her top and slowly took it off while still tap dancing. Next she removed her skirt, still tap dancing. At this point the music changed and she started making ballet moves. She went over to the pole, and grabbed it with one hand and spun herself around the pole. As she was spinning, she took her other hand, and removed her bra. Now her big tits were bouncing and swinging in time to the music. She let loose of the pole and made a few leaps and her tits were bouncing like a couple of basketballs. Then as her time was running out she went into a toe spin, and as she got faster and faster, she took off the g string. As the music ended, she stopped and was facing the audience, with her legs spread apart in a splits. Where we were setting, I could see her pussy lips were open wide. The crowd went wild. We knew that she had won, it was just a matter of the formality of the vote.

The contestants were brought back out in the same order, they would dance out to the edge of the stage, and applause was called for. The first four pretty much just walked in time to the music, and stopped at the edge of the stage. 

When Tracy came back out, she tap danced to the edge of the stage, and her tits were bouncing like balloons tied to a car door. When she got to the edge of the stage, she made a leap in the air and came down in another splits, and again her pussy was wide open for all to see. The crown went wild again. She was called back to the center of the stage where the mike was located, and presented with a check for $500, and told that she would be notified when to come to work for her week.

Back stage the other girls ask Tracy if she had done any stripping before, she said no but I studied tap dancing and ballet as a child. One of the girls said, I am thinking about taking your clothing and destroying it, so you will have to leave nude. Tracy said, after being nude in front of all those people, do you really think that it would bother me to go home nude? Besides my mom, dad and husband are in the front row tonight. I had no idea when we came here that they wanted me to preform.

The girl then threw her clothing at her and said someone took your panties. Tracy laughed and said no, I never wear them. I haven't worn panties for 3 months. After she was dressed, she told the girls that we had come from the CC. Dance to here tonight, and this is what I wore at that dance, nothing more.

As we were leaving, the bartender told us if you can be here at noon tomorrow, we will discuss the weeks work. Tracy said my husband and I will be here, at noon.

Noon on Sunday, Tracy and I opened the door to the club. Inside people were busy cleaning it up for the evenings business. We saw the bar tender and walked over to him. He smiled and said, I am glad you could make it. I know that we promised a weeks work if you won the contest last night. However instead of that, we would like to offer you a regular job. You would be dancing, and waiting on tables. We are willing to pay you $500 a night, for 3 nights a week, plus you get to keep all of your tips. All of our girls work three nights a week, and they only get 90% of the tips.

I ask, why would you be willing to pay my wife the extra 10%? he said it is more than that our regular girls only make 400 a night. We are willing to pay that if you can come up with more routines like that one last night. You will be our headliner. You three days would be Saturday, Monday and Wednesday. These are our three biggest nights. There is one other thing, the private rooms in back. The only thing that goes on there are lap dances. In a room will be a patron, a dancer, and a security guard. The patrons are not allowed to touch the dancers, and the dancers are to refrain from any contact with the patron except for sitting on their lap for the dance. If a dancer says to the patron stop it or don't do that twice, the patron will be escorted out, and the dancer will still be paid. Lap dances pay $20 for a 5 minute dance.

I looked at Tracy and said, it is your decision. If you want to do it, it is all right with me, and your parents. My only concern is your safety, and it sounds like that has been taken care of.

Tracy looked at the bartender and said when do you want me to start, and how many routines should I have per night? We will have you start 2 weeks from last night. That should give you enough time to get the routines ready. You will need at least 3 a night, and you will be dancing 12 times each night. Lap dances can be the same every tine, and no one know how many will be called for each night.

Tracy has been dancing for about 6 months now. She told me that if it hadn't been for me forcing her to change her dress style, she would never have had this opportunity.

She is now pregnant, but plans to dance right up to the 8th month. She make more money than I do, but we are both very happy.

Comments and suggestions are always welcome: storytellerxxx5@gmail.com 
