HELOISE
Chapter 5


	Over the next days and weeks Holes new life took shape.  She rose every morning, wnet outside and relieved herself like a dog in the bushes and showered using the garden hose before returning to the house.  She prepeared breakfast for her owners and she learned what they liked and how to cook it not because they told her because they punished her whenever she made their coffee too strong or their eggs too runny.  Mistress usually punished her on the spot, spanking her with her bare hand until she decided that a wooden cutting board was perfect for smacking Holes ass.  Master tended to save up her offences and work her over later.  The worst, if not the most painful punishment came when she especially enraged him.  He would ask Mistress to hold her while he beat her with his fists, punching her in the gut, below the belt, and usually finished up giving her a good shot in the solar plexus and leaving her on the floor gasping for breath.

	Every day breakfast was followed by her workout.  Both her owners were fitness freaks and insisted she keep in shape as well.  Even before she had eaten she had to do her aerobics, calisthenics, running and weight training with Master always demanding more, more, more.  Only then did she don her apron and go about her housework.  She actually felt more naked with the apron on than without it.  She dusted and cleaned the toilets and swept and scrubbed and mopped, always on all fours if the task at hand could possibly be performed that way.  After a while she managed to keep the house clean enough that Master and Mistress couldnt find fault even when they did their white-glove inspections.  But they sprung a surprise on her.  Half the rooms in the historic old plantation manor were closed off with the furniture dust-covered.  They opened all the upstairs rooms and demanded that she keep them as clean as the rest of the house.  It took weeks until she completed the task, earning more chastisements every day until she finished the huge task.

	Hole fell in love with Mistress and gloried in serving her.  She felt like a favored chambermaid to a queen.  Hole loved dressing and undressing her, bathing her, being allowed to soap up her lovely body, shampoo her hair and brush it for her.  After a couple weeks Mistress demanded that Hole wipe her and then lick her privates to make sure shed gotten them clean she didnt hesitate to obey, in fact felt privileged to provide this new service for her owner.  She loved being allowed to massage and caress her, kiss her breasts, eat her pussy.  Even Mistresss punishments were intimate moments.  Mistress chastised her with spanking, teased her cunt, keeping her on the edge until she screamed for mercy, pinched and twisted her breasts and nipples and clitoris.  But all that was more than made up for when she granted Hole the privilege of being screwed with a strap-on or allowed to do herself with a vibrator.

	Master was a different matter altogether, more cold and impersonal.  He really did consider her property and seemed determind to work her until he got his moneys worth.  Her second day he put clamps on her nipples connected with a chain and informed her that they would stay on until she learned to give and absolutely perfect blowjob.   To help not choke on his didck he made her wear a cock gag in her mouth when she went to bed.  After several sleeples nights spent gagging she at last learned to relax her throat.  She could tell he enjoyed watching her agony as she did her exercises -- jumping jacks or ran in place with the chain bouncing up and down, yanking her tortured titties even more.  By the end of the week she was able to take his whole cock in her mouth and bring him off when her told her too, but it was another week until he decided she had finally mastered the art of fellatio and removed the chain.

	He was amused that she was still embarrassed by dirty words and always made a point of addressing calling her names like cunt, slut, whore, and of course, fuckhole. At first he only used her mouth and reamed her ass and she wondered if not fucking her was out of some kind of loyalty to Mistress and she longed for him to fill up her empty, aching cunt.  The explanation was simpler.   He really he was just waiting for her next period so she could get her started on birth control shots.  Then he used all three orifices as he wished but it was nothing like the way Mistress used her.  She considered herself and Mistress to be almost lovers but whenever Master used her he seemed to be driven by anger or hate even more than lust.  She never liked being used by him -- she found oral sex disgusting and getting buggered a torture.   But over time she learned to enjoy it when he fucked her pussy and even looked forward to it which made her feel that she was being disloyal to Mistress.

	He seemed determined to ensure that she was always in pain, or at least uncomfortable and he loved to experiment!  She saw him sometimes on the computer checking out internet sites and shuddered to think what he had planned for her next.  He started out simply, using the cuffs on her wrists, ankles, elbows and knees or trying out the different instruments in Mistresss toy box. He bound her with her legs so wide apart that she thought she would split in half and her arms tied tightly behind her back up to the elbow so her shoulders were ready to pop out of her shoulders.  Then he started hogtying her, bending her almost her body formed a half-circle.  Even after she was released she carried the aches and pains from this treatment for days afterwards.  He quit whipping and spanking her when he realized that these punishments were now not just turning her on but often making her come so he tried more dastardly ways to inflict pain on her.  He gave her enemas of freezing cold water held in by a buttplug so she had to perform her duties all day long with her guts killing her.  He crucified her, tying her arms to a crossbeam in the garage.  All day long she hung, dripping sweat in the sweltering heat, the whole weight of her body pulling down, making it harder for her to breathe.  She cried all night, begging to be released, knowing that he couldnt hear her.  Finally at sunrise he appeared and took her down.  She embraced his legs and kissed his feet, begging forgiveness, promising her obedience and loyalty -- and love.


	Her only respite was the evenings they let her into the living room while they watched TV.  Sometimes she knelt next to their easy chairs and one or the other played idly with her nipples and clit or got on all fours to serve as a footstool.  And a lot of evenings wound up with her favorite activity, getting fucked.  They spoke as if she werent even there so eventually she  learned more about them.  Shed always wondered how Master, being a doctor, had so much time on his hands.  He had inherited some money from his family and multiplied it in the stock market, getting out before the dot-com bubble burst.  Sick of working for hospitals and HMOs, hed quit and only treated a few old patients in his home office.  Mistress also had money of her own which shed also multiplied in the market.

	They decided to move to California and Hole became more and more excited as the day approached.  She spent more time in her cell because Master and Mistress didnt want her to be seen by any outsiders. Finally the moving vans came and it was off to sunny California.  Or so she thought.