Author: mypenname3000
Title: Incestuous Harem's Passion 23: Debating Incestuous Delights
Subtitle: An Incestuous Harem Story
Summary: The jury has convened. Twelve strangers have to debate the fate of Clint's incestuous harem!
Keywords: MF inc oral

Copyright 2020

Note: Thanks to wrc264 for beta reading this!

July 23rd, 2027  Elmer Bennett

The trial was over sooner than I thought. The defense rested abruptly. Something had gone wrong for their case. That sent a nervous slither through my guts. I wanted Clint and his family to win. I wanted incest to be accepted.

My daughter and wife were at home doing Lord knew what while I was here. And when I got home, Candy and Rachel would be eager to do things. We were in that heady stage of exploring the delights of our incestuous threesome. After coming closer and closer over the last two years, we had finally crossed the line and enjoyed it.

Now it was up to the jury to find Clint and his family not guilty. I didn't know if that were possible. How long would this drag out. But I would fight for them and for incest. Despite my conviction, nervousness rippled through me. If I advocated too hard, would they think I was into family love? It was still taboo. Illegal.

I didn't want to end up with my own trial.

So, well, I guess we should take a quick vote and see where we stand? I said as we all took our seats. The twelve of us sat around a table. Who finds not guilty?

I put my hand up. Delilah Midgley's hand shot up right away. Then came Sandie, a motherly woman with brassy-brown hair. Dirk followed. He was the youngest person on the jury, barely in his twenties. Lyn added her hand, a plump woman. Mildred slowly raised her hand. Last, the grandmotherly woman, her hair a silver perm, held hers up.

And who's on the side of decency, demanded Jonette Walsh. The Black woman thrust her hand into the air.

Cooper, a Black guy my age, raised his hand.

Jonette glared at the four jurors who didn't put their hands up at all. Berta, a fierce-looking Hispanic woman, glared back at Jonette. An Asian woman named Ahn just shifted from side to side, not meeting Jonette's gaze. Neither did Callahan. He was an old man, face wrinkled. Last was a round-faced, Hispanic woman named Marisela who had a pained expression.

What is wrong with all of you? hissed Jonette. They admitted that they're screwing each other. The DNA tests show they're all related, not that they deny that, either. California Penal Code Section 285 says if you are over fourteen and have sex with a blood relation, you are guilty of incest! What is there to decide? Let's vote guilty and get out of here!

Well, what if we gave them a lower charge, Callahan said, his voice a little reedy with age.

Jonette shot him a fiery glare that deflated the old man. He shrank back. Then the Black woman swept her gaze at the rest of us. Are any of you fucking your children? Huh? Is that why you don't want to find Clint and his family guilty.

I almost flinched against the accusation. Her eyes bored down at me. I ran into burning buildings for a living. I fought fires. Risked my life. I wouldn't be intimidated by an angry woman. I faced her withering glare. 

They are consenting, I grunted. What does it matter if they're related by blood? What's the harm?

Inbreeding, Jonette spat out. They've already polluted the world with their incestuous progeny.

Birth control, Dirk pointed out, a big grin on his boyish face.

You're just a pervert wanting to screw your own sister, Jonette shot back at him.

Dirk shifted. I don't have one, but if I did... A big grin spread on his lips. Damn, it'd be hot. Clint is the man.

Jonette snorted in disgust. 

It used to be illegal for interracial couples to marry, I said, remembering the arguments that Clint's lawyer made. That was wrong. Our society changed. And we can all remember, except maybe Dirk, when gay and lesbian couples couldn't marry. How is this any different? Why do our prejudices get to dictate how other people live. This is America.

Cooper leaned back. The Black man had a thoughtful look on his face. That's a good point.

Don't tell me you're getting convinced, groaned Jonette to the one ally she had fully on her side. You can't be an idiot. It's not the same thing at all.

Isn't it? he asked. A hundred years ago, it would be illegal for me to marry my wife. We'd be hated just for loving each other. Bigots used to think it was a crime against nature.

Bigot? spluttered Jonette. You think I'm a bigot because I'm disgusted by a guy screwing his sisters and his mother! And their mothers! It is a crime against nature!

Cooper's brow furrowed. That's the sort of talk that maintained miscegenation.

And denied gays and lesbians the right to marry, added Lyn, the plump woman nodding her head.

You can't be convinced, Jonette begged of Cooper. It's disgusting what they're doing.

A lot of stuff is, the Black man said and shrugged. And? I don't have to do it. You don't have to do it.

Jonette looked like someone had pissed in her drink. She glanced around the table, looking for support. She folded her arms across her chest, fury breaking over her ebony skin. She despised the Ellistons. 

What did they do to her?

I think he's a good man, Mildred said. The grandmotherly woman leaned back in her chair, a smile on her narrow lips. I can see it in him. It just shines out of him.

Good man? snarled Jonette. He whips his sister. That's abuse.

That's BDSM, Sandie said, looking offended. The motherly woman's brassy-brown hair swept about her face. My husband does that to me. It's exciting. Hot even. He's made my butt as red as those pictures of Leann.

It is hot, Lyn added with this throaty purr. The black-haired woman leaned back in her chair, a large smile on her face. Clint's such a strong man.

I can't believe he makes you wet, Jonette hissed.

Lyn shrugged, a distant look in her eyes, a smile playing on her lips.

And what about you. Berta. Jonette turned to the fiery Hispanic woman. Not like you to be silent about anything.

Berta studied Jonette for a few moments then spoke, Why are you so passionate against him? This seems personal to you? Any reason?

Jonette snapped her jaw shut.

Are we just being bigots by thinking its wrong, Breta asked the others. Are we just being the close-minded ones for thinking their relationship is fucked up?

Yes, said Callahan. The old man rubbed his hands. I think we should find him not guilty. Let his entire family go free.

Jonette's cheek twitched while I couldn't help grinning. They were on Clint's side. The side of incest. This was amazing. Hope surged into me for a better future for California and the rest of the country. This state might be fucked up in so many other ways, but if we could lead the country in this one thing, it would be amazing.

I found Pam's testimony intriguing, Marisela said, her Hispanic accent thick. I would hate to destroy my relationship with my children. Pam's words have made me think a lot about what I would do if I caught them together.

Jonette glared at Marisela and asked her, Would you accept it?

I would, she said. My brother came out as gay when I was ten, and my parents disowned him. It was horrible. Tore our family apart. If they had accepted him... This pained look crossed her face. It's a shame. He's a great guy. So what if he likes guys. I like guys. So, yes, I would accept my children if they wanted to love each other. I mean, my daughter could do far, far worse than my son.

If we're all leaning to not guilty, then I'm with them, Ahn said. The Asian woman had an exasperated look on her face. Just vote not guilty, Jonette, so we can get out of here. Don't make us spend days and days arguing over something futile. Read the room and let's go home. I have better things to do than this.

No! The word echoed through the room. Jonette fixed us all with hard looks. I won't. This is wrong. You're all disgusting. He's guilty, and that's that. If we have to stay in this room until time ends and hell freezes over, then so be it.

A loud groan ran through the room. I closed my eyes and then the arguing began. Wrangling. Shouting. Everyone was yelling at Jonette to change her mind, but she just stood there, weathering it like a strong bluff before the stormy seas, denying the waves crashing against her. Standing proud and defiant against the fury surging over her.

What would it take to convince her? I had no idea. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Delilah Midgley

Hours later, Jonette still wouldn't budge. She had dug in. I had stayed mostly silent, thinking of just the right words to say. I had a feeling I understood Jonette. Little things she'd said. How she acted. It wasn't something I could bring up in front of the others, though.

This had to be done with care. Jonette was a proud woman.

When we took a break for lunch, I acted. I came up to her and said, Could we talk in private?

She stared up at me with this calculating look in her eyes. The others were placing our lunch orders with the bailiff. Her nostrils flared then she gave a sharp nod and stood. We moved to the corner of the room.

I'm not changing my mind, she said, her words daggers.

You caught your children, didn't you? I asked. 

Her jaw tightened.

I destroyed my relationship with my son. I threw him out of my house, and I've regretted it every day. I miss him. How close we used to be. It was dumb. I did it out of shame and anger. I was weak. I couldn't face myself, so I overreacted. I lashed out and hurt him. Lord, I miss him so much. I want to take it back so bad. Don't tell me you don't miss your children.

She gave me a flat look. You don't know what you're talking about.

I do. I haven't seen my son in two years. Thanks to this trial, I finally had the courage to call him and admit I was wrong, but he's hurt. Wounded by what I did. I'm afraid I'll never be able to repair it. That I won't be in his life at all. Don't make my mistake. If you can fix things, do it.

Jonette's expression didn't change.

Time is the most precious thing. I stroked her arm. We only have so much of it. Don't we owe it to ourselves to make it pleasant? To reduce how much suffering we have to endure and how much we inflict on others? Especially those we care about it the most. I gave her a supportive smile. Don't worry about this trial. The Ellistons. Just think about your children and if it's really worth never seeing them. Hurting them. Hurting yourself. Okay?

She didn't say a word. I smiled at her and headed off to give my food order. I chatted with Lyn and Sandie while we waited. Jonette stayed in the corner the entire time. She stared at her phone. 

When the food arrived, she didn't move. No one went over to her. She just kept staring at her screen. I didn't know why. She hid it well. I could see the pain, though. The regret that fueled that anger against Clint and his family. It wasn't him she hated.

I sighed and grabbed my sandwich, hoping I could fix things with my son, Ian. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Clinton Clint Elliston III

I just heard from the judge, said Elisabet. She strode into the living room of our house. My family was here, all of us sitting around nervous. The jury's reached a verdict.

Already? I asked, shocked. The judge won't let them be hung after a half-day of deliberation.

She shrugged.

The trip back to the courthouse was a blur to me. A frightening, terrifying pit in my stomach that threatened to swallow me, all while I had to be strong for my women. They were all chatting, nervous, skittish even. They debated if it was a good sign or not. If we'd be ending the day in handcuffs again, only this time there would be no getting out of jail. We'd be held in custody until sentencing.

The media waited for us when we arrived. They were shouting questions. Swarming in on us, the vultures aching to feasted on our carcass. They'd heard the rumor that the jury had already reached a verdict. They wanted to know what we thought. We just kept walking through chaos to the courthouse doors.

We passed through the metal detectors and swept through the hallways to Judge Coburn's courtroom. We slipped in and took our seats. Many members of our legal defense team were already assembled. Ed Thomas stood at the prosecutor's table looking resolute, his expression stony. Cruzita sat beside him. She had a look of nervous dread on her face.

I felt bad that we were using her. It was serendipitous that she came into my sister's massage parlor. 

The judge swept in. The jury came in. The court recorder began typing at her stenographer machine. My heart tensed as the judge glanced at the jury. The foreman stood up. Juror 12. The bluff-faced man we had fought hard to get on the jury. He held a paper in his hand.

What does the jury find? Judge Coburn asked, looking intently.

We the jury find the defendants Not Guilty of the Crime of Incest and all other Charges.

For a moment, shocked silence filled the gallery. Ed Thomas sat stoically, his hands gripped tight. I swallowed, unable to believe it. Juror 17, Jonette Walsh, looked like a completely different woman. Her shoulders had sagged. She stared down at her hands. Her body shook. Was she crying?

Then my family burst into celebration as the judge said, Case dismissed, and slammed his gavel down with a thunderous rap.

I stood up, my legs shaky. Not guilty. It was like a dream come true. Our incestuous secret was out to the world, and we weren't guilty of any crime. A jury of our peers had agreed with us. The blood screamed through my veins.

Pam threw herself into my arms, sobbing. I didn't ruin it. She clutched to me. I didn't mess it up, Clint.

I rocked her trembling form. No, you didn't. Not at all.

Melody threw her arms around us and kissed me right there for the vultures to see. The cameras flashed. Then Alicia came in. My mother. Zoey. My aunt and Mrs. Hiragawa. Stefani got her kiss in. Impudent Lee went last. Through it all, Pam clung to me and let her emotions, the strain of carrying the weight of saving our family, release.

You were amazing, Pam, I told her, not wanting to let her go.

Our legal team all grinned. Many of them had learned the joys of incest, too. Judge Coburn looked relieved as he marched off the bench. His last trial. He had already announced that he was retiring. Cruzita stood up on shaky legs. She glanced over at us and gave a slight nod, a smile on her lips, then she marched out after her boss who looked like he'd swallowed a dozen rotting eggs.

This wouldn't be good for Ed Thomas's upcoming run for the DA's office.

After Pam had gathered herself, we marched out onto the courthouse steps. Elisabet had arranged a podium to be there. The press was waiting. I had a speech planned for if we won, but I couldn't remember a word of it. Such joy rippled through me. Pam thought she had ruined things. I could have sacrificed myself. I could have saved my women from prison.

That decision almost broke me. I led us into this mess. I put us into the public spotlight with my desire to change the laws of this nation. I almost destroyed our family, but we had survived. I marched up to that podium with my head held high.

I gripped it and grinned out at the media. Today was the first step to having incestuous relationships be recognized as a civil right. I gazed around at the media, the cameras aimed at me. Flashes bursting as pictures were snapped. My intention is to get incest legalized. Today proved that the people of California know what happened to my family was an injustice. No longer are those of us who practice alternative lifestyles going to be afraid of what society thinks of us. No longer are we going to be silent?

California has long led the way in civil rights, I continued, gazing out at them. Here is the next fight we must champion. California must show the world that they are a shining beacon of tolerance and compassion. We shall legalize incest and bigamy! We shall shed the bigotry of the past! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cruzita Martnez

I sat in my office, stunned. 

They did it. Clint Elliston and his family actually pulled it off. If anyone even knew the shady things they were doing behind the scenes, if the world ever found out I was helping them... I shuddered. No one could ever know.

Ed Thomas still shouted in his office. Losing this had hurt. Bad. It was a slam-dunk case. The smart play would have been to plea bargain out, but Clint went for the Hail Mary. He didn't even flinch. He faced down the world, proclaimed his story, and let them feel like intolerant bigots for thinking there was anything wrong with it.

And there wasn't.

I glanced at the picture of my daughter and smiled. She was such a gorgeous creature. If Clint really could get incest legalizedand if there was anyone who could to it, it was that manthen I didn't have to hide my love for Laurita. She was such a beautiful, young girl.

My phone rang. Not my office one, but my cell phone. I snagged it out of my purse and smiled. I swiped the screen and said, I'm staring at your picture right now.

One of my naughty ones? Laurita cooed, her voice sounding throaty.

I laughed. No, no, just the one on my desk. You look so gorgeous in your graduation gown.

So you lost the big case, Laurita said with mock pity. Do you need Eric and me to come over and comfort you.

Eric was her boyfriend. He knew all about our incestuous relationship. Considering he had sex with his own mother and sisters, he didn't have a problem with it. Incest was far, far more prevalent than I ever imagined. 

I think I need that, I said, smiling. I mean, it was such a loss. It looks like incest will become legal in California.

Too bad, my daughter said. It's so hot breaking the law with a prosecutor. I don't think it'll be so much fun any longer.

Mmm, we'll have to find another way to make it kinky, I said, playing along. 

Well, I know a way. something breathy entered my daughter's voice.

What? I sat up, my chair creaking.

Eric proposed! A squeal of delight burst from her. My heart skipped a beat. We're getting married! Soon, I can be cheating on my husband with you. That'll keep things naughty.

This joy surged through me even as I said, Is it really cheating if he's in the bed with us?

We can pretend it is. Laurita let out a sigh. Mother of God, Mom, he's the one. I just know it. He's amazing. I love his family. His Dad's as great in the sack as he is, and his mother really, really likes licking cum out of my pussy. His sisters are great. You have to meet them.

This weekend? I asked, trembling. This new world before us would be amazing. I couldn't wait to enjoy living in a time when incest was legalized. The verdict all but made it decriminalized. What prosecutor would want to embarrass themselves with a loss like that? 

That'll be perfect, Laurita said. And Eric and I will be over in a few hours to comfort you.

And celebrate! I bounced in my chair. You're getting married, honey. I hoped her marriage to Eric went better than mine had. But Eric and her had so much in common. They had familial love. They wouldn't drift apart. I could feel it.

I had no regrets. All that fear and anxiety over the last six months had left me. Tonight, I would make love to my daughter while her fiance watched with relish. My boss, Ed, could fume all he wanted because the right outcome happened today.

True justice had been delivered to the Ellistons. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Alysha Walsh

I can't believe he got off, I muttered as I moved through my apartment. Jaiden was at work and I was about to head to my own job. Money was tight. We both had to work to save up moolah for the baby. I still felt giddy from the news. 

My phone beeped.

I grabbed it and saw it was from my mother. I voted to acquit because of your text.

Those words arrested me. Instead of ignoring them as I would have, I paused. I glanced at the TV. Clint Elliston was giving his speech to make incest legalized in California. My brow furrowed. I had done this?

Another text message popped up. I know I've been terrible. I didn't handle finding you and Jaiden together very well at all. I've been stubborn, but I would love to meet my grandchild. I've been so angry, and I don't know why. I think I do now. I feel like I failed as a mother but I was too damned proud to admit that, so I took it out on your brother. I blamed him instead. I miss you. Both of you. I'd like us to be a family again.

I sat there for a long time staring at my phone. Tears beaded my eyes. It felt so surreal. This couldn't be happening. Like it was a trap. But there was Clint Elliston on the news. He'd been found not guilty. 

My mother had voted him not guilty.

As the tear rolled down my cheek, I texted back, Yes. But we don't have the money to come out and see you.

I have vacation time coming up, she answered. I'll come see you. If that's okay. I don't want to grow old regretting destroying our relationship.

That would be nice. I closed my eyes and sobbed. This relief swept off of me. My mother didn't actual hate Jaiden. Me. For so long, I wanted to get away from her, and now I wanted her back. I had to tell Jaiden. Let him now. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Delilah Midgley

A nervous shudder ran through me. My son was coming over tonight. It was propitious. The Elliston's had been found not guilty. My words had reached through to Jonette, but it was something on her phone that broke her down. I didn't know what.

A message from her children? A photo of them? She had broken down fast and changed to not guilty to the shock of us all. The world was abuzz. The ripples would be felt. Already, there was talk of a proposition to go on the ballot next year to legalize incest entirely. It was too late for this year, I guess.

A knock rapped on my apartment door.

A wave of dread and excitement washed through me. My skin prickled as I smoothed my skirt and touched my hair. I felt like I was on a blind date and not meeting my son. I wanted everything to be perfect. The smell of lemon-roasted chicken permeated the apartment. I rushed to the door, patted my blonde hair, and then opened it.

Ian stood there. It was really him. Looking nervous. He wore blue jeans and a button-down shirt he'd tucked in. He stood tall and handsome. He had a goatee now. His blond hair framed his face. Tears stung me. 

I went to hug him then hesitated.

He embraced me. It wasn't as close as I wanted, but it was his arms around me. I closed my eyes and fought my tears. I hadn't ruined things. I had a chance with him. A chance to make things right. It was outstanding. 

Just absolutely amazing.

A thrill ran through me. A shudder swept through my body. I flexed my fingers. My heart beat rapidly in my chest. This lightning swept through my body. I groaned at the heat that ran through my blood. It was hot and sizzling.

My breasts rose and fell. I held him tight.

Then he broke away and said, Uh, dinner smells good.

It's almost ready, I said, smiling at him. You look good. You're doing okay.

Yeah, things are going fine, he said and came in. He looked around. The apartment looks the same.

Oh, well, busy, I said.

He took off his shoes and we sat down on the couch. I didn't know what to say to him. The silence dragged on. Then the timer went off and I had to pull the chicken out of the oven. I'd made a salad and a tomato rice pilaf to go with it. Soon we were sitting at my small dining table, crammed in the corner of the room.

We made small talk about his job. If he was datinghe wasn't. Not really. That sent a thrill through me. Selfish, I know, but I wanted my son all to myself. I was still young enough. I had him when I was nineteen. 

That Clint trial is crazy, he said as I scraped the leftovers into the trash. I can't believe the jury found him innocent.

Oh? I asked, a nervous ripple ran through me. I was on that jury.

What? He goggled at me. Really?

Yeah. I gave a nervous shudder. I was even interviewed afterword. They wanted to know why we found the Elliston's not guilty.

Why did you? he asked, staring at me in fascination.

I swallowed. I didn't tell them the truth. I just said it wasn't right. We should be more tolerant. More progressive. Accept alternative lifestyles.

So what's the truth? he asked.

I swallowed. This was it. I had to tell him. I clasped my hands together. I... I developed feelings for you.

He blinked. What?

Years ago, I caught you, um, masturbating, and it awakened something in me. I won't say it wasn't the only reason why your father and I divorced, but it made me realize that I felt nothing for him, but for you... My son... I took a step towards him.

What are you saying, Mom? he asked, shocked.

That I... That I want to make love to you. I shuddered. I... I have done things with you. When you would come home drunk and pass out on the couch, I would blow you. The horror of my words hit me. Just what was I  doing? The tears spilled down my cheeks. While you were lying there in a stupor, I couldn't help myself. I'm a horrible mother. I betrayed you.

Jesus, he groaned.

Tears spilled faster now. Her vision blurred. That was why... I kicked you out. I was so angry at myself. I couldn't stop myself from doing things with you. You almost caught me that night. I freaked out. I'm the worst mother in the world.

My knees crumpled. I knelt there, tears pouring down my cheeks. I cried as he stood over me. Then he knelt down and stared into my eyes. His brow furrowed. I couldn't look at him. I stared down, my shoulders shaking. 

I'm so sorry, Ian, I sobbed. I'm terrible. Horrible. I understand if you hate me.

You really were sucking my cock? he asked. Like... just nursing on it.

I nodded. What sort of mother does that to her son?

He swallowed and then he stood up. He was leaving me. I deserved it. He had every right to hate me and...

A zipper rasped.

I looked up to see his pants shoving down. The tails of his dress shirt spilled over his boxers. His cock tented them. To my shock, he shoved them down and his cock popped out. I gaped at the sight of my son's dick bobbing before me. Thick and hard, twitching with his wild heartbeat. His chest rose and fell. He stared at me with hunger in his eyes.

Well, here it is, he said, his hand running through my hair. God, I used to jerk off thinking of you sneaking in my room and blowing me. I was so scared. Then we were living alone. Just me and you. I wanted it so bad. I was drinking to try and get the courage. Guess I overdid it a lot.

Yeah, I said, staring at his cock. This hunger rose in me. My son's dick was right there for the taking.

I opened my mouth wide and swallowed his cock. I slid my mouth over his dick. I engulfed his cock and closed my eyes. Hunger surged through me. I was really, and truly, sucking on my son's cock. I was nursing on him. 

He groaned in delight. His face twisted with hunger. This delight spilled over his features. It was amazing to watch. It sent such a hunger through me. I groaned and suckled with all the hunger I could, my face stained in tears.

My son accepted my lusts. He desired me.

Mom! he groaned, staring down at me with such hunger in his blue eyes. His hand slid through my hair. Damn, Mom!

I sucked with hunger on him. I nursed, my tongue swirling around his cock. I stroked his shaft. I suckled, my cheeks hollowing. I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his dick. I blew him. Loved him.

He was so incredible.

He felt amazing in my mouth. I closed my eyes and nursed with powerful suckles. The bliss swept through my body. My pussy clenched. The heat blazed inside of me. My tongue danced around his cock's tip.

Mom, he groaned. I loved it when he said that while his cock was in my mouth. Damn.

He felt so familiar. Just like he had two years ago. I nursed on my strong son's cock. I savored the feel of him in my mouth. He had grown up into such a handsome stud. His big dick throbbed in my mouth.

His precum spread over my tongue.

My pussy grew hotter and wetter. My panties drank up the juices leaking out of me. My blonde curls rustled about my cheeks as I bobbed my head. I worked my mouth up and down his cock. I sucked on him with all the hunger I possessed.

My son's salty precum stained my tongue. More and more leaked out of him. His face twisted. I could feel the pressure building. I cupped his balls. I kneaded them. They brimmed with the jizz that I hungered for.

I sucked hard.

Fuck, Mom! he groaned. He wiped an open hand across his face. That's it! I'm going to... to... Mom!

His hot cum spurted into my mouth. I closed my eyes at the salty treat that flooded my mouth. The wonderful treat swept over me. It felt incredible. I swallowed it down. I gulped down every last drop. I reveled in the taste of him.

My pussy clenched as I gulped down his seed. I swallowed my son with such hunger. It swept through me. This wild bliss that blazed across my mind. My heart pounded euphoria through my veins. The pleasure rushed through my body.

It was incredible. This amazing bliss that swept through my body. I wanted more. I sucked the last of the cum out of him as he panted. He had this huge, boyish grin on his face. He stared down at me with such delight.

Damn, he groaned as I slid my mouth off his dick. Oh, damn, that's good, Mom.

Yeah, I panted, my chest rising and falling. Mmm, that was amazing. I love your seed.

He stared down at me, hunger in his eyes. Then he grabbed me and pulled me to my feet. I gasped as I felt his strength. His power. He pushed me down onto the couch and sank before it. He stared up at me, a beast unleashed.

Ian! I groaned as he shoved up my skirt, exposing my lush thighs and the pink panties I wore. He grinned at them. They were a naughty pair, cut high and lacy. Something for a lover to see. I shivered as he hooked them. Are you...?

Fair is fair, Mom, he said and licked his lips.

I shuddered and lifted my rump off the couch cushion. He drew down my panties. My toes curled into the carpet as he worked my underwear off my hips. Then he drew them down my thighs. I groaned as I lifted my legs, letting him pull off my panties. He brought them to his face.

He inhaled them.

Are you sniffing your mother's panties? I asked in amusement.

Mmm, I used to do this all the time, he groaned. God, I thought you realized it.

No! I gasped. I had no idea.

Then he pushed my thighs apart. I shuddered, my son leaning down towards my pussy. Where he came from. This naughty, incestuous rush shuddered through me as he nuzzled down towards my twat. I groaned, shifting on the couch.

Then he was nuzzling his face into my vulva. His goatee rustled through my blonde bush. I gasped as I felt him pushing against my pussy lips. This heat swept through me. This amazing delight. My son's tongue lapped at my cunt.

It was amazing.

My back arched as this heat swept through me. I groaned and shuddered. The pleasure spilled through my veins. His tongue licked and lapped at me, caressing over my feverish flesh. I grabbed the buttons of my airy blouse. I worked it down, eager to free my large breasts. My nipples throbbed.

I exposed a matching, pink bra cradling my big boobs. He stared up at them as his tongue probed into the very hole that had birthed him. I shuddered as I felt his tongue dancing around inside of me. He swirled about me, caressing me.

It was incredible.

The bra clasped in the front. I undid it.

The cups sprang away. My large breasts spilled out. They were soft and pillowy. He stared up at them and groaned as he licked at my cunt. His tongue brushed my clit. His goatee rasped against my hot pussy lips.

Mom! he groaned.

Mmm, you like your mother's big tits? I moaned, cupping them.

They're fucking gorgeous, he panted.

I shuddered in delight, smiling at him.

He licked me with such hunger, the bliss rippling through my body. I arched my back, my heart hammering in my chest. The pleasure surged through me with his every lap. I squeezed my thighs tight about his face. I held him pinned against my twat as I fondled my breasts.

He stared up at my tits as he feasted on me. His tongue danced across my pussy lips, stroking me. Stimulating me. It was such a heavenly bliss to experience. I savored every moment of it. My fingers dug into my tits.

Oh, Ian, yes! I moaned. Ooh, you're feasting on my pussy.

You taste even better than I imagined, Mom, he groaned and thrust his tongue into my cunt. He caressed around in me.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped, the delight surging through my body. I smiled, the heat sweeping through my flesh. Mmm, just lick Mommy out. Make her cum so hard.

His tongue darted through my twat. It was this amazing bliss to enjoy. This wonderful rapture that swept through me. I groaned, my back arching. The pleasure surged through my body as he feasted. His goatee rasped over and over on my pussy lips. So rough and masculine. It brought me closer and closer to my orgasm.

I hurtled towards it. I couldn't stop the explosion of bliss that would surge through me. It was all so much. Just what I craved and needed. His tongue thrust into my pussy again. Into the hole that had birthed him.

Ian! 

I came.

The ecstasy blazed in my mind. The bliss spilled hot over my thoughts. My pussy convulsed. My juices gushed out into his hungry mouth. I trembled on the bed. My eyes fluttered. The heat danced through my mind. 

Oh, yes, yes, I shuddered. The heat bathed my mind. I love you, Ian!

Mom! he groaned between licks.

He drank my juices flooding out of me. My son devoured my incestuous cream. My fingers dug into my tits. I trembled on the bed, savoring the bliss spilling through my thoughts. They bathed my mind with such wonderful ecstasy.

I hit the peak, my fingers digging into my tits. I jiggled them. Shook them. The euphoria swept over me as I whimpered out in climactic delight. Stars danced before my eyes. I shuddered on the couch, writhing through my orgasmic bliss.

Then it died down. Oh, Ian. Mmm, that was amazing. I haven't had a good orgasm in so long.

He lifted his face. You think that's where this ends. He stood up and then, to my delight, he lifted me up like a groom did his bride. My son carried me. Fuck, no. I'm enjoying every bit of you, Mom.

Yes! I gasped, feeling so girlish as he carried me down the short hallway to my bedroom. The door was half-closed. He pushed through it. Ian, take me. Ravish me.

He set me on the bed, my large tits jiggling. He began unbuttoning his dress shirt while I ripped off my blouse and bra. My skirt swirled about my thighs. I shuddered as he exposed his muscular chest. He worked construction, and it had paid off. He had a gorgeous, tan body. So strong and masculine. I rubbed my thighs together, that juicy itch growing in my pussy.

He grinned at me as he watched me writhing on the bed. He stood naked and proud. His cock had recovered. That big, thick dick I'd been lusting for all these years was finally coming for me. Finally going to ram into me. 

He mounted the bed, hunger in his eyes. I shuddered and squirmed, so ready for this moment. So ready for him to take me hard. I squirmed, the heat swelling and swelling between my thighs. I would have such a huge orgasm on his dick. I would explode on his cock. The incestuous anticipation swept through me. This fiery passion that would have me bursting out in delight.

His cock twitched and throbbed. It pulsed with his wild heartbeat. I bit my lip, my cunt clenching. This heat built in my pussy. It grew the wild passion that would erupt through my body. I couldn't wait for it.

His hands slid down my thighs. Damn, Mom. 

Mmm, does your mommy's big tits and sexy body turn you on? I cooed.

Shit, yes. He grinned. You sound like a completely different person.

Well, I'm not just your mother right now. I'm a woman. Your woman. And I'm so ready for it. I'm so eager for you to slam that cock into me.

He grinned at me and then buried his face between my breasts. His goatee, soaked in my juices, rubbed on their sides. I groaned as he pressed my tits into his face. He rubbed them against me. I shuddered on the bed, my pussy dripping wet. My nipples throbbed.

He kissed up the sides of my left breast to reach the pinnacle. His tongue flicked out. He caressed over my nub. Then he swirled around it. The pleasure shot down to my cunt. My pussy clenched. This delicious heat built in my twat as he sucked on my nipple.

My areola drank in the rough caress of his whiskers. He felt like such a man. My little boy had grown up into a stud. My pussy clenched as I savored the thrill of this. The heat swept over me. The pleasure blazed through my mind. I groaned, my toes curling.

Mmm, that's incredible, I moaned. Yes, yes, you're getting my pussy all ready for your cock.

He sucked hard on my nipple. Pleasure zapped down to my twat.

Yeeeesss! So ready! Mmm, I want my strong son's big dick in me!

Ian groaned and ripped his mouth off my nipple. He slid up my body, his weight on me. I shuddered as I stared into his eyes. I looked up at him, a smile growing on my lips. His eyes smoldered with such wild heat.

Then he kissed me. He thrust his tongue into my mouth. He swirled it around in me. I groaned, clutching to him. The heat swept through my body. My pussy clenched. His tongue thrust into my mouth. I savored it. I sucked on him, reveling beneath him.

My fingernails clawed into his back. I squirmed beneath him, rubbing my tits into his chest. My nipples throbbed as his cock pressed against my pussy's entrance. This was it. The moment I had truly desired.

My son thrust.

His incestuous cock slid into my pussy. I groaned, squeezing down on him. I clenched on that big and throbbing shaft as it slid deeper and deeper into my sheath. Back to where he'd come from. It was so wonderful to feel my son entering me.

I clutched about him. I held him tight. He kissed me with such hunger. His tongue danced with mine, his goatee rasping on my lips. His cock filled me up. I held him tight, savoring my son's weight on me. His dick in me.

Then he moved.

Pumped.

My son made love to me.

I groaned into his mouth, the joy surging through me. My tongue danced with his. I swirled around in his mouth. I reveled in the taste of him. The feel of his goatee on me. He thrust away at me. He drove his dick into my cunt's depths. The heat built and built, driving me towards that moment of ecstatic eruption.

When I would shudder beneath him and cum so hard. My pussy squeezed about him. I held him so tight. I gripped him as he pumped that dick away at me. He plunged it over and over into me. The pleasure surged through me.

I kissed my son with passion. Hunger. I squeezed my pussy down around his cock, savoring his girth thrusting into me over and over again. I loved him feeling me up. His dick plunged into me with wonderful thrusts. His balls smacked into me.

I reveled in it. I gloried in my son's dick filling me up again and again. 

I would explode on this cock.

My orgasm built and built. It swelled in me, this wild burst of incestuous rapture. My tongue danced with his. My nipples rubbed into his muscular chest. His body on me, so strong and virile, delivered such pleasure to me. Such euphoria that would have me exploding in delight.

I kissed him with hunger. My tongue danced in his mouth. He buried that dick into me hard and fast. The pleasure surged through me. The bliss built in my pussy. I squeezed down on his cock. I drank in the friction. 

I erupted.

My cunt went wild about my son's cock. My flesh rippled and writhed around him. The bliss spilled through me. I groaned, kissing him with such hunger. Stars danced before my mind. My cunt convulsed and writhed with hungry delight about his cock. The rapture spilled through me.

That incestuous rush of bliss.

He growled into my lips and broke the kiss. Mom!

Yes, yes, cum in me! I moaned, gripped in the throes of ecstasy. I wasn't too old. I could have one more baby.

The rapture surged through my body. The heat blazed through me. Stars burst across my vision. I bucked and shuddered beneath him. He drove hard into me. He buried to the hilt in me. My son groaned out his bliss.

Erupted in me.

Hot cum spurted over and over into my pussy. Spurt after spurt of jizz flooded me. It was incredible. The bliss swept through my body. That rapture blazed across my mind. It sizzled through my veins.

I loved every second of it. My pussy milked his cock. I worked the cum out that pumped into my fertile pussy. I took my son's incestuous seed into my flesh. I quivered beneath him and cried out in fervent ecstasy.

Ian, I love you!

Mom! he groaned, pumping his cum into me. His blue eyes stared down at me. God, I love you, too!

He kissed me with hunger. I rejoiced in his strong arms. I wasn't too late. I hadn't ruined things with my son. I finally trembled in his embrace. If I ever had a chance, I would give Clint Elliston such a hug for giving me the courage to reconnect with my son.

It would have been a tragedy if I hadn't. We only had one shot at our lives. We shouldn't waste them. 

To be continued...
