Kathy's story

My name is Kathy and here is my story.

I think I was about 15 years old, I’m 23 now, when this happened. I had developed quite a bit over the summer (34B to 36C) and to my surprise the boys noticed me lots more when school started again that September. I guess the attention went to my head and I was not as careful and aware as I should have been. Aware of the girls that is, and in particular a girl who had broken up with I guy I had a crush on for a long time.

When I found out that Jerry was available, my mind raced with ways to get him to notice me. I didn’t even give it a thought that sally might want him back. Jerry was a senior, old enough to drive and a bit out of my league, or was out of my league. Anyway I started “showing up” in places he hung out with his friends. He was very popular because he was one of the few kids who drove and owned a car. All that got from him for over a month was an occasional hello. I tried not to be disappointed but it was difficult not to be.

That all changed when I was walking home one day. I was dressing as sexy as I could get away with for the school dress code, just to get Jerry to notice me. I wore lots of skirts with thin bouncy material and fairly sheer blouses with equally sheer bras that made my nipples just a little bit noticeable, but not enough to have any of the teachers say anything about them. 

It started to raining, just a little at first, then a downpour. In seconds I was drenched. My top was so transparent that my tits were totally visible and my skirt stuck to me so that you could tell I was either not wearing knickers or I was wearing a thong. Then the impossible happened. Jerry pulled next to me and asked if I wanted a ride. I was in heaven. Jerry took it all in, looking at every inch of me, but he didn’t say anything except that he thought I looked very sexy wet!

I started shivering and he offered me a jacked he had in the car. I started to put it on and without thinking, I told him I was too wet and he had to turn his head while I took my blouse and bra off. Just as I was putting his jacket on, you know the part where you put the second arm in and you have your arms spread to pull it over your hands—well-- he turns around saying ready to go. There I was, two 36C’s staring him right in the face. He just smiled and said—wow that jacket looks great on you. Well that was the beginning and we started seeing each other.

Our days fell into a pattern with Jerry waiting for me at the end of the school day in his car near the football field and track. We would sit and look down on the field and watch our school practice. We’d mess around a little too. I let Jerry flip up my dress and pull my knickers down to play with me. I’m very inexperienced and am scared to do much for him. One day I was walking toward the car and saw Jerry on the field talking to one of his fiends when I looked back to the car I saw his old girlfriend sitting in the front seat – rockin out to tunes on the radio.

I was so pissed I didn’t know what to do but that didn’t stop me from sticking my head right through the window and getting into her face. At first she was startled and looked scared, then collecting herself she grabbed my hair and started to slap me. I grabbed her blouse and ripped a button or two off, but then before I knew it she raised the window – not tight around my neck, but closed enough so I could not get my head out. She sat back and smiled, calmly re-buttoned her blouse and fixed her hair.

After a very long minute she got out of the car and waked around to the side facing the field where I was stuck. I heard Jerry yell and ask her, Dana, if there was a problem. She just leaned on me a little and said no—they were just talking. She turned to me and in the meanest voice said. “You bitch. You are never going to forget this day and if I have anything to do about it neither will most of the schools students.” 

With that she started to spank me—I was shocked and by the third slap it started to hurt. I made a noise for her to stop. She came up to me and said I better keep quiet or I may attract a crowd. Too late I already did. About six guys stopped to see what was happening and in minutes there were more—many more. I heard Dana giggle and ask if they were there for the auction.

The crowd murmured and Dana said for her cloths—of course. $5 dollars for her shoes and socks. Dana threw the money into the car through the window my head was stuck in and all of a sudden my right foot was lifted and my shoe pulled off. I struggled—but when I moved the window hurt my neck.

OK there I am bare foot and surrounded now by more people then I want to think about. Then I here someone shout $10 for her skirt—it was a girl- I could not believe it!!- In an instant the button was open and the skirt was on the ground giving everyone a great shot of my thong and totally exposed ass.

$15 for my blouse—and here I struggled but someone with ingenuity cut through the collar with a knife and ripped in half down the back. By this time Dana began spanking me with her hair brush and it was really hurting-- $10 for 10 spanks----must have been a guy because they got twice as bad immediately.

Well my thong went next—I did not hear the price but it came off very slowly with lots of playing with my pussy--- must have been more then one guy or girl because it felt like a lot of fingers which boldly got up inside both my pussy and ass. Fortunately only one in my ass but it felt like a hand full in my pussy. Somebody shouted “she’s wet” and more attention was paid to my very exposed pussy. Someone pulled my legs apart and started to rub my clit—in seconds a wave hit me like I could not believe—How the hell could I have an orgasm under these circumstances. 

I was brought out of my trance produced by the orgasm with a pain shooting through my left nipple. I apparently had lost my bra, without evening knowing it, and lots of hands where pulling and pinching my very hard nipples.

Dana’s voice—I think we need to leave her alone and with that she showed me the hairbrush she spanked me with and the next thing I felt was her sticking it up my ass. The crowd cleared and I was almost alone. I looked up and saw Jerry standing back watching. He got in the car, picked up the money on the seat and rolled down the window freeing me. My cloths were gone. He just laughed and drove away!!

