The Photoshoot
by upforitguy

Scarlett gets an old friend to do a sexy photoshoot for her.

Scarlett thought she'd do something special for her husband Gary for his birthday this year

-- A sexy boudoir photography session for him. She had looked up a lot of professional photographers, but the prices were pretty expensive, and she didn't trust going to a non-professional one; she didn't want the photos ending up online. She had a good friend Dave who was a great professional photographer, but she felt shy having a good friend take the photos, so she rang him to ask him who he would suggest as a photographer.

"Oh, just let me take them for you. I have some great techniques that get my models relaxed in front of the camera, and some of them are as good friends like you Scarlett." Said Dave.

"Don't worry -- come and see what I do. If you're still not convinced, I'll find you another photographer.

And since I'm not going to charge you, no-one is going to be as cheap as me."

He had a point, so they arranged a time on Saturday morning to see him work.

Saturday morning, she quietly packed some sexy clothes just in case she agreed on the shoot, and Dave had time that day. Scarlett said she was catching up for Coffee with Dave, kissed Gary, and headed out.

When she arrived at the studio, Dave was already halfway through a photography session with two models, and she was surprised at how commanding he was with them, getting the models to stand in elegant poses for a swimwear company. With his camera hooked up to Bluetooth, she could see the photos automatically popping up on his laptop behind the scenes, and the photos looked amazing, making Scarlett feel better about the quality of shots, but still nervous about being in lingerie in front of Dave.

Not that he wasn't a good-looking guy -- he was nearly 6 foot with dark brown hair and strong jawline, and a naughty sense of humour, but they had been friends for so long she didn't really see him in a sexual way.

As the models changed again and again into different swimsuits, they didn't even bother hiding their nakedness from Dave, who seemed too busy checking his photos and equipment that each time to barely notice. Soon Scarlett felt comfortable at just how professional Dave was.

As the girls said goodbye, Dave turned to Scarlett. "So -- are you willing to give it a go? We can start with some head shots, then if you're still comfortable, then we can try something a little sexier" he grinned. She laughed and moved over to the front of the camera. He made her feel at ease with his instructions, and soon she was relaxing, taking his instruction on getting some headshots. Together they then looked at the results on his laptop.

"These are great!" Scarlett said.

"Ready to take it to the next step?" Said Dave. "Ready" replied Scarlett.

She slipped into the change room and put on a one-piece teddy, which wasn't the sexiest outfit she had, but it was what she felt comfortable with at this stage in front of Dave. "Wow -- you look amazing!" Said Dave. She blushed, and they began to take a few shots. Dave was instructing her, but she could feel herself being nervous, and self-conscious. Finally, they had a look at the shots, but they could both see her confidence from the first shoot had left her.

"Mmm," said Dave. "It's clear you're still feeling a bit uncomfortable. Could I suggest something? Said Dave.

"Sure," she said, eager to make the embarrassment go away.

"I have a little gadget which I've been saving for such an occasion like this. The models I usually work with are confident, and so I haven't offered it before."

Dave was rummaging around in his bag and came out with a box. Scarlett opened it, and it had two Ben-Wah balls in there. Surprised, she looked up at Dave in shock.

"They are just to get you in the mood. Try them, as it will take your mind off the shoot."

Scarlett felt like she couldn't say no, since Dave was doing this for free. She went back into the change room and slipped the teddy to the side, and gently slipped both the connected balls inside her and stood up. Scarlett couldn't feel anything. She figured it wouldn't do much, so headed back out to the shoot. As she walked, she could feel them rubbing slightly on her G-Spot. Maybe they might do something? The thought. It didn't seem like much, but it might be enough to take her mind off the shoot. She got back into position, and Dave asked if she was ready.

"Ready." Scarlett said. Dave shot her a cheeky grin, and took a small remote out of his pocket and pressed the button.

Suddenly Scarlett gasped as she felt the balls inside her start to vibrate gently.

"We need you to look as sexy as possible for Gary. This gadget might achieve that." Said Dave.

"It's all in the eyes. Let's see how hot you can look."

She was trying to overcome the shock at first, but then the flush in her face from embarrassment soon disappeared, as she felt the balls vibrating right on her G-spot. She began to relax as this gadget made her feel good. Dave had her sit on the edge of the table and look back at him.

"That's right Scarlett -- give me those Smokey eyes. Imagine Gary seeing these photos for the first time, and how turned on he will be." Dave said.

"Imagine how hard they are going to make him."

Dave was right she thought -- Gary is going to love the new sexy Scarlett. She was starting to feel as turned on as she knew Gary will be.

"That's it -- give me a sexy look to make him rock hard."

"open your mouth slightly"

"run your hands along the insides of your thighs. Feel how sexy you are."

They finished with that outfit, and she could definitely feel herself getting turned on. She went to get on her office girl set, with red bra and panties she knew Gary liked. Getting herself naked in front of the mirror with the vibrating balls in her was turning her on even more. She slipped on the red lingerie, with a tight-fitting black office suit jacket and matching mini-skirt and red high heels, and confidently headed back to the shoot.

"Whoa -- now THAT'S sexy." said Dave. His approval seemed to turn her on even more.

"You like it?" Scarlett said.

"God yes." Said Dave.

"Your ass looks amazing in that." It was quite blunt from Dave, but for some reason it turned her on even more. She wanted to show Dave how good a model she could be.

As Dave got her to straddle a metal chair for the next shoot, she saw him pull out the remote. She was disappointed he was going to turn it off, but he pressed it, and the vibrations got stronger. Scarlett felt herself instinctively hunch forward as it hit her. "Uhg... Umm, ok," she said, as she tried to laugh off the waves of horniness. The chair was pushing on her pussy, as the balls continued to vibrate right on her G-Spot. Her panties we dark red, but she was worried Dave could soon see how wet she was. As the shoot continued, Dave's instructions were getting her hornier and hornier.

"That's it Scarlett -- show me that sexy side. Let me feel how good it is to get Gary rock hard with this outfit. Unbutton that jacket."

"Still keep that sexy eye contact with the camera. I can see those balls are working, because your pupils are dilated. It's so hot."

"Now slip that jacket off. Perfect. Look this way. Now undo a few buttons on that white shirt. Slowly, that's it. Imagine how hard Gary's cock is going to be with this."

Dave kept clicking away. She looked down to his pants to see the outline of what looked to be a very large and hard cock strapped to his leg by his tight jeans. She noticed his hand slip inside his pocket, and suddenly her vibrating balls got stronger. She didn't need Dave to say her pupils were dilated — she knew it — and her mouth opened slightly in lust at how horny she was. And what she was doing to Dave's cock - it was turning her on even more.

"Now unbutton that shirt completely. Show me how horny you are. Hike that skirt up more. That's it."

she was really getting into this now. She slipped her shirt off and dropped one bra strap off her shoulder to show some sexiness.

"That looks amazing. Now slip out a nipple."

She froze for a second. She had no intention of getting nude for this shoot, just some sexy underwear. She hesitated.

"Scarlett -- show me how hot those pink nipples of yours are." His words got her hot. She suddenly wanted to show Dave her nipples. She slipped the top of the bra down, showing one nipple.

"Now pinch it, to make it hard," Dave said as he clicked away. She did as he told her, sending shock waves through her body. She was sure her panties were showing signs of dampness now, but she didn't care. This was the horniest she'd ever been in her life.

"Slip the other bra strap down. You want to show me that other nipple. Show me how hard you can make it" Dave said from behind his lens.

She did. She wanted to show him how erect she could get her nipples. Her chest was flush on her pale skin as she licked her fingers to rub over her nipples, while Dave took photos.

"Fuck that is hot Scarlett. Show me how horny you are. Take that bra off" Crooned Dave.

She heisted again.

"Um, maybe we should just keep it going with the bra still on?"

"Scarlett -- we are already taking photos of your nipples. You want to show Gary how horny you can be. How wet you are. You want to make him so hard that he cums in his pants."

Her legs nearly buckled at his words, as she hesitated slightly before reaching behind to unclasp her bra strap, and letting it slowly fall to the floor.

"Now caress those beautiful breasts. Show me how you touch your breasts to turn yourself on."

She was sure her panties were now soaked, as she began to sensually rub her breasts. She felt an orgasm building, and snapped out of it -- she didn't want to cum in from of Dave. She blushed and looked again at his hard cock in his pants as he continued to take photos. She closed her eyes and tried to talk myself down of his orgasm ledge. She was starting to lose control of her body.

"Now Scarlett -- sit facing forward on the chair. That's it."

she was thankful for the change as it took her back from her orgasm edge slightly.

"Now hike that skirt up slightly," said Dave.

"Show me how sexy those panties are."

She bit her lip at his words and shuffled her butt a bit to move her skirt up. Suddenly Scarlett saw Dave reach into his pocket to rearrange is now uncomfortably large hard cock. She felt shock waves through her pussy as the balls started to vibrate even harder, as Dave found the remote at the same time. Luckily she was sitting, or her legs would have buckled. She had never been that horny for so long.

"Now Scarlett -- spread those legs. Show me how wet you really are." She was shocked and turned on like crazy, as her knees slowly parted.

"Slip that dress up more. Around your hips. That's it. So sexy. Let me see how wet you are." She was so close to an orgasm she was beyond caring now. She locked eyes with Dave.

"Are you horny Scarlett?"

"...Yes...." she panted

"Prove it -- slip your hand into your panties to see how wet you are."

She did what she was told, and felt her wetness, as her finger ran over her clit, giving her a little shiver of horniness.

"Now show me how wet you are" -- she showed Dave her finger.

"Show me how horny you are. Put that hand back in those panties and rub that clit."

She was too stunned and horny to do anything but slide her finger back down between her legs, and circle her clit. It was like fireworks.

Still looking at the camera, she moaned as she could feel an orgasm building. It was like a slow wave, as Dave continued to take photos. It was coming. It was coming. It was here.

Suddenly her orgasm hit her and washed over her in the most powerful way possible. She screamed as she felt her panties get damp with her orgasm, as it continued to make her body buck, again and again, before slowly subsiding. Slouched with her eyes closed, Scarlett has never felt anything so amazing. Suddenly she realised she had nearly slid right off her chair. Normally she would have been completely embarrassed, but in the situation — and the balls still vibrating in her — kept her nearly as horny as before her orgasm. She lay slouched on the chair, legs spread, panting.

"Scarlett, that was the sexiest thing I've seen. I still think we need something extra."

she came out of her daze slightly to see Dave heading her way with a 4-inch dildo. Her first thought is it would never fit with the balls vibrating already inside her. Dave turned the bottom of it, and it started to vibrate. He then placed the tip over top of her panties, right on her clit, and she felt her body come to life again. She began shallow breathing with how amazing it felt, but her clit was supersensitive still and said so to Dave.

He handed her the buzzing dildo, which she gently still kept on her clit. Dave walked back to his position with the camera.

Looking through his lens, Dave said "Time to slowly take off those panties."

He wasn't really asking. She felt her face flush again, this time she was sure it was in pure horniness. This is what she wanted. She wanted Dave to see her naked.

She lifted her butt of the chair slightly to slip her panties halfway down her legs, and went back to gently circling her clit with the dildo.

"My clit's still too sensitive," Scarlett said.

"well slip it in" said Dave.

She moved it down to the entrance of her wet pussy and slowly pushed the tip in. It felt good, but she could feel it hit the vibrating balls. The balls were building her to an internal orgasm, so she didn't want to take them out.

"it's not going to fit will the balls," she panted.

"then move it further down," said Dave.

For a second she didn't understand when he meant. Dave could see the confusion on her face.

"slick that vibrator up with that gorgeous wet pussy, then slide it into your ass."

She felt her face burn with shock. She can't believe she was doing this. She was so horny. She had never let Gary fuck her in the ass, and here she was, feeling like she was on auto pilot with Dave. She was so turned on she could feel her hands getting the 4-inch dildo slick in her ultra-wet pussy. She slid it out, and slowly moved it down, and started circling her virgin asshole. It felt good. It felt really good. Slowly she started to slide she in her ass. she felt her asshole stretch, and start to vibrate from the dildo as she slipped it in further. She was so turned on. Her eyes were half closed, and mouth slightly open as she watched Dave taking photos of her. She had never been more turned on. She pushed it all the way in, and felt it touch the balls through her pussy wall. It was like a G-spot for the ass. She held it there, closed her eyes, and let out a low moan.

"Push those hips out so we can see it clearly in your ass. Now slowly start to slide it in and out" instructed Dave.

She started doing what he said. Eyes closed, she was in ecstasy.

"Imagine it's a hard cock instead, slowly sliding into your ass while people photograph you. The idea of the audience turns you on." Dave was right. This new fantasy was getting her even wetter. And it wasn't Gary cock she was imagining, but Dave's.

"now open your eyes."

Seated in the metal chair, Dave was standing to the side of her with his camera, his crotch close to her face

"Pull my zip down, and reach in for my cock." she was too horny to care. She had to see his rock hard cock she has been staring at all day. With one hand still sliding her vibrator in her ass, she unzipped his pants, and slid them down to free his 7-inch cock. It was impressive, as she felt her pussy twitch.

"now suck it." she looked up at the camera, and opened her lips, as she slowly slid his cock in her mouth. She noticed there was a red light blinking on the camera. He wasn't taking photos anymore. He was filming her. She kept looking at the camera lens as she slid his cock in and out of her open mouth. Her other hand was still sliding the vibrator in and out of her ass. Dave tucked her red hair behind her ear.

"Spread those legs more."

she spread her legs, and out of the corner of her eye she saw another red blinking light. Where he was taking photos earlier, he had a second camera on a tripod filming the action. He was tucking her hair out of the way so the camera could see her face. She was too turned on with her new fantasy to care. This wasn't quite the tame photoshoot she had in mind when she wanted to get Gary some photos for his birthday. Here she was, sitting on a chair, skirt bunched up around her waist, legs spread, vibrating balls buried deep in her wet pussy, rubbing on her G-spot giving her shock waves of tiny orgasms. She was also sliding a vibrator over a G-spot in her ass she never even knew she had, and her red lips were wrapped around an old friends cock, as he slid it in an out of her mouth while he videoed her. She was too horny to care. It was all so hot she could feel an orgasm deep inside her body starting to build. She started moaning on his cock, and moved her hand from his cock to her breasts, caressing them and pinching her nipples. Dave reached into his pocket once more, and pushed the vibrating balls to the max. It was too much. She started moaning louder on Dave's cock as she could feel the wave of orgasm approaching. She tried to hold it off, but holding it back just made it build-up even more. Suddenly it hit her. Scarlett's mouth came off Dave's cock as she bucked back in the chair and screamed in ecstasy. Dave grabbed his cock and started pumping.

"Oh god -- I'm cumming" Dave gasped, and she opened her eyes to see Dave cock spurt hot cum all over her breasts. She smeared some over her nipples with one hand as the orgasm washed over her again and again, while her other hand was still pumping the vibrator into her ass.

Needless to say Gary enjoyed his photos, he just didn't get to see them all.

