They had been walking hard all day, coming closer all the time to the crossroads. Urging them on, Gollum would let them rest for only brief stops.

Frodo looked sideways at Sam. Something was wrong. Usually, Sam was the one who kept their spirits up by chattering inconsequentially, pointing out a coney here, a new plant there. Today he was different: silent, preoccupied. He hadn't been that way before their encounter with Faramir and his troop. Had something happened that he didn't know about?

Dusk was approaching when they stopped and searched out a hidden fold of land. As they made their camp and prepared their meager evening meal, Gollum disappeared for his nightly forage.

After eating, they rolled themselves in their blankets, close together as always for safety and comfort. Sam turned his back to Frodo instead of facing him as he normally did. Frodo looked at his hunched back. He put his hand out and stroked it lightly, feeling Sam flinch at his touch.

"Sam? What's wrong?"

"Nothing. I'm tired. Get some sleep."

"No, there's something wrong. You've been so quiet all day. That's not like you."

"And you think too much, say it as I shouldn't."

Frodo laughed nervously and tried again. "Please tell me what's wrong. Did something happen in Faramir's camp last night?"

Sam turned over quickly and looked at Frodo. Frodo caught his breath at the sight of his friend's gentle eyes staring at him hotly.

"You're angry with me. Why?"

A long minute passed while Frodo watched Sam's chest rising and falling in a jerky rhythm.

Suddenly the words burst out. "I saw you. With him. With that man."

Frodo's eyes widened in shocked surprise. "Oh, Sam," he breathed. "How?"

"Very easy it was. I got up in the middle of the night to check on you--had to see if you were all right so I stood outside that curtain and listened. It was quiet at first, and I was about ready to go back to my bed. Then I heard you cry out. I had to go to you, Mr. Frodo. I thought something was wrong and that you would need your Sam to protect you. I opened the curtain and looked in and saw you with him. You were both naked. He was ... he was on top of you and doing things to you. You looked like you liked it."

They were both sitting up now and watching each other tensely, Sam's eyes accusing and Frodo's embarrassed and ashamed. Frodo didn't know what to say. The hurt in Sam's eyes went to his heart like a knife.

"Sam, do you care for me that way? Why did you never say anything?"

"What would that have gotten me? I'm your gardener, remember."

"And my dearest friend. Sorry--I didn't know. I've hurt you, and I wouldn't have done that for all the world."

"It's a little late for that now, isn't it? Even if I had said something, would you have liked it? Do you care for me that way?"

Frodo looked steadily at Sam--longed to look away.

"Exactly. Go to sleep. I won't speak of it again. And neither shall you."

Sam lay back down, facing Frodo this time. At least that's something, Frodo thought to himself. He sighed and settled himself on the ground. Neither of them spoke again that night, although neither of them slept much.

The next day was worse. Their lack of sleep made them even more tired than the day before, making Gollum's urgings that much more difficult to bear.

Frodo longed to say something to Sam that would ease his pain--to do something, he didn't know what. It was true; he didn't care for Sam that way. Until that one night with Faramir, he'd never cared for anyone that way, male or female. He'd never even kissed anyone before, much less done what they had done.

His thoughts drifted back to the night he spent with Faramir in that little chamber carved out of the cave's rock. Faramir had stroked his thin body and worshipped him with his mouth. He marveled how it could be that there, in Ithilien, so close to Mordor, he had felt safe and desired in the tall soldier's arms. A warm, liquid feeling gathered in the pit of his stomach at the memory.

Frodo tripped over a tree root. Coming abruptly out of his reverie, he looked guiltily at Sam and smiled apologetically. A bright flush crept up his neck to his fair face. Sam was staring at him with a mixture of anger and hurt. It almost looked like he hated him.

"Not the best place to be woolgathering, is it, Mr. Frodo?" he said, as if he guessed Frodo's thoughts.

Frodo looked at Sam imploringly, mutely begging forgiveness.

"And don't look at me that way! Not with your eyes like that, all soft and sad. Don't you know now what that does to me?"

Frodo lowered his gaze. "I'm sorry, Sam."

That night they camped near a small stream. Sam bathed in it while Frodo kept watch and set out their evening meal. After they ate, Sam cleaned up after them, and Frodo bathed. As he stood in the stream washing himself, he saw that Sam kept his back to him, careful not to look at him. Normally he would have watched him like a hawk, daring anyone or anything to bother him.

Frodo knew what he must do to make it all right between them. After his night with Faramir, he even knew how to do it. After all, he did love Sam dearly. How could he deny him the one thing that he now knew Sam wanted? There was so little left to either of them and little if anything to look forward to as they drew ever nearer to Mordor.

Wrapping himself in the blanket he had left by the stream, Frodo moved to where Sam already lay rolled in his blanket. Sam lay on his back, eyes shut tight. Frodo knelt by him and reached out one hand, tracing the contours of Sam's plain face, dearer to him than the fairest Elvish features.

Sam's eyes flew open, shocked. Frodo smiled down at him and said, "The water was so cold. Let me lie with you?"

Sam watched, fascinated, as Frodo dropped his blanket, revealing his shivering, naked body. He scrambled to open his blanket to him, and Frodo slid quickly under and pressed himself close as he tucked the blanket around him and pulled the other one on top of them for extra warmth.

"Hold me, Sam, I'm so cold." Sam wrapped his arms around Frodo and rubbed his thin arms with his rough, gardener's hands. Frodo rested his head on Sam's chest and sighed contentedly as he felt his body warm. Sam dropped his hands to his side and lay still. His entire body went stiff with discomfort as he lay there with Frodo's head pillowed on his chest.

Lifting his head, Frodo pressed his lips to the hollow of Sam's throat and slid one hand beneath his shirt. A hoarse cry escaped from Sam's lips.

"Mr. Frodo, what are you doing?"

"What does it look like?"

"But, I thought..."

"You just surprised me yesterday. I was confused. I'm not confused now."

Frodo moved a little apart from Sam and lay on his back. He held his arms up, full lips trembling a little as he smiled.

Sam propped himself up on one elbow and looked down at Frodo, eyes unbelieving. He looked deeply into Frodo's clear eyes and saw nothing but love reflected in their sapphire depths. (In his inexperience, he didn't know that there was no desire in that look.) Slowly--still half unbelieving--he reached out his hand and softly stroked Frodo's face and neck. His touch was so light and gentle that Frodo felt it as a whisper against his skin.

"Do you think it's fair that I'm naked and you've still got all your clothes on?"

Rearing up on his knees, Sam tore his clothes off quickly, so quickly that for a moment Frodo thought he would strangle himself in his shirt.

Laughing, Frodo said, "Sam, you ninny, you're all tangled up. Here, let me help you."

Gentle fingers untangled the twisted shirt as Sam shed his breeches.

"There, that's better," Frodo said softly. "Now we'll have to keep each other warm, won't we?"

Frodo watched as Sam still knelt above him. He looked carefully at his body, familiar yet not familiar since he had never seen him aroused. For a moment his mind's eye saw the body of the tall soldier of Gondor as it had lain pressed to his small one. He repressed the memory, but not quickly enough for Sam's watchful eyes.

"Mr. Frodo? What is it? Have you changed your mind?"

Frodo reached up and rubbed his face against Sam's strong torso for a moment before lying back down. Sam's body trembled convulsively. He lowered himself carefully down over his master's body, his hands holding himself up so that he rested lightly there, one knee between Frodo's pale thighs. Tentatively, he touched his lips to Frodo's, sighing at their sweet fullness. When Frodo didn't pull away, Sam covered his face with light kisses. He pulled away again, lying next to Frodo's side, one hand moving gently over his chest, avoiding only the Ring that lay coiled on its chain. Taking his hand away, he propped himself on his elbow again, eyes hungrily taking in Frodo's slight form.

"I won't break, you know."

Groaning, Sam pulled Frodo into his arms, holding him tightly against his body. Frodo put his arms around Sam's neck, closed his eyes, and held on as the storm finally broke over him. Sam kissed Frodo's mouth again and again, lips opening lips, tongue pushing into him, teeth scraping against teeth in his inexperience. He lowered his head to Frodo's throat, taking it in with great gulps, tongue moving against its smooth softness, sucking hard and leaving red marks.

Sam rolled on top of Frodo, moving between his thighs and rubbing his erection against Frodo's flat belly. Frodo felt Sam's excitement growing and knew that he wanted what he had seen him do with Faramir. He would help him--he could do that much even if he couldn't give him the same response that he'd given Faramir. He slid both hands between their bodies, gripping Sam's hardness and moving it lower so that it pressed against his body's opening.

"Just push, Sam. It's simple."

Sam groaned deeply in his throat as he followed Frodo's instruction. "Oh, I love you, I love you, I love you."

"I love you too." Frodo bit back a cry when Sam pushed into him, pinpricks flaring to a throbbing pain. He wrapped his arms around his neck and spread his legs wider as Sam moved in and out helplessly and muttered incoherent endearments against his neck.

Frodo opened his eyes and looked up at the night sky, teeth gritted against the tearing pain that each sharp thrust brought him. His legs cramped at the effort to remain still and not push away from the hurt that spread in tendrils throughout his body. Sam reached his hands under Frodo's body, catching hold of his buttocks, pulling him even closer and crying out as he spent himself in long spurts. Frodo sighed with relief as the wetness soothed his aching tissues.

Sam moved his hands up around Frodo's back as he settled himself against him happily. Frodo ran his hands up and down his back in a gentle touch. After long minutes, Sam felt Frodo's body shift under his and raised himself up reluctantly.

"Was that all right, Mr. Frodo? Did I do it right?"

"Just right, Sam. Don't you think you should drop the 'Mr.'?"

Sam blushed and smiled shyly. "I reckon so." He dropped a quick kiss on Frodo's smiling mouth. Moving away from his body, he turned him so that he lay with his back to him and pulled him into his close embrace. He stroked Frodo's chest with loving fingers and settled his arm possessively around his waist with a contented sigh. After a few minutes, Frodo knew from his breathing that he slept.

In the middle of the night, Frodo lay awake. Sam's steady heart beat against his back. Slow tears dripped down his face as his chin and lower lip trembled. He made no sound.