Dean is uncomfortable, not sure if he's more embarrassed or turned on or feeling just plain stupid. The panties he understands, the fabric is slick, French cut because the woman in the shop assures him that they are more comfortable but she lied, and what kind of shop is it that they knew what he wanted and what he wanted it for.

It's the torture device she called a waspie that has him baffled, it's not high enough to support breasts he hasn't got, or low enough to hold in his stomach, not that he needs it, just tight enough to make it hard to breathe.

Well, that's his excuse and he's sticking to it.

He was going to get panty hose over stockings but the girl in the shop was dead against it, and so gave him a pair of black stockings with lace hold ups and offered, with both eyebrows waggling to help him shave his legs, whilst the guy who owned the store was like - no, leave the hair, trust me.

The funny thing is that Dean kinda did.

So he's standing in front of Cas in a waspie, stockings and french cut panties and Cas is, as always implacable, and Dean's not sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing or if he's gone too far but Cas said that they could explore as much as Dean wanted and he whispered in his ear about the panties and it got Dean so goddamn hot that he's practically hit Victoria's Secret the next day to discover he hadn't the first idea and...

Cas is licking his lips.

He didn't see that before, and Dean's sure that if he needed to breathe that Cas' breathing would be ragged, but his fists are clenched like he's holding back the apocalypse all on his own, and Dean gets it, he suddenly gets it.

He gets the music on the stereo, something Sam suggested rather than AC/DC's you shook me all night long, something bassy with a heavy beat and, the colour of the silk, a greyish moss green, and the lace, antique dove apparently, and the noise his panties make when he moves and how they hide as much as they reveal, the fabric fluttering in that French cut about his ass and he swallows.

Pink silk panties, he thinks, as he grabs Castiel's tie to pull him up into a kiss, no contest.

Dean pulls back from the kiss, and licks his lip, savours the taste of the angel there and then steps away from his hands, "you can look," he says, aware of what's happening, "but you can't touch, if you touch, I'll stop." Dean's not sure he will, but Cas doesn't seem to care, he's licking his lips, his thumbs rubbing against the skin of his fingers in anticipation, his eyes narrow and his nostrils flaring. These are the signs of his arousal.

At the stereo he checks the box and chooses track 4, Burning Down the House. He kinda remembers it but it's the one Sam had said years before was guaranteed to get a girl out of her panties - although to be fair Sam had been incredibly drunk at the time in a case involving Dolls and he had said a lot of things that night.

The song has a bassline that surges through his spine, and the beat finds its way along his skin as he begins to move, stocking feet against crappy carpet to the place where Castiel sits on the bed. The first thing to go is Cas' tie, then the trench and then his suit jacket so he's sat in his shirt. And Cas is biting his lips, unconsciously reaching out to kiss, to touch, but Dean moves backwards. "Just watch," he says calmly.

Dean's seen enough porn to know how this goes, how to tease with the fabric, how to make the silk pull and twist along his skin, which actually isn't as sexy to feel as he thought, the elastic pulls, the lace scratches and the boning... he doesn't want to get started about the boning, but there is this thrum deep in his belly that's almost but not quite like starvation, and his skin veritably itches, prickling with a touch that's not quite there yet. He feels like he's covered in goosebumps as he raises his leg, places his foot between Cas' open thighs, not quite close enough to touch, and begins to roll down the stocking.

The guy in the shop was right, as Dean rolls down the nylon, running it over the leg hairs which are all standing erect because he's just that electrically charged right now, Cas actually groans. Like a coquette Dean turns his head away and pulls the stocking back up.

Cas makes a sound like he's been deflated.

Dean moves his hand to the grey silk of his panties, rubbing it over his ass, then down to where his cock has glued itself to his stomach, so hard it hurts but the silk feels good and the soft sussuration of his hand as it moves the fabric is enough to make him gasp.

"You want this?" he asks the angel sitting on the bed.

Cas' eyes are almost slitted, his lips glistening with saliva and slightly open, dragging his teeth over his tongue like he might recapture some taste there. "Stockings or no stockings?" Dean asks, and just like that Cas is on him, and they're folding down to the floor as Cas practically mauls his neck with kisses. Dean grabs his hair in both hands and pulls him up for a kiss as Cas struggles with his belt and eventually gives up, just unzipping himself to reveal his erection and then rubbing it against the silk.

If Dean thought his hand had felt good he was wrong, because this is better, much better and in his ear a man is singing, "three hundred sixty five degrees, burning down the house," as Cas rocks and ruts and rubs into him, and Dean has his hands in Cas's hair, nails in his scalp, and Cas are up under the silk of his French cut panties pulling the elastic over his hips and the carpet is rough and because of the corset he can't quite catch his breath, and it's good, so good, oh god, oh god, he breaks the kiss with a cry as he comes against the angel, who really isn't that far behind.

As he catches his breath he hears the man on the cd sing "baby what did you expect, gonna burst into flame," and he just laughs into Cas' neck and thinks, next time they're doing this, he'll make sure he's the one facing the bed, because carpet burn is a bitch.