Authors note:This is a filler :) Gyrich hasn't yet gotten much of a following and as such is picking on mutants to scared to challenge his views of them. I don't know if this timeline could work or not. If not just blame one of the zillions of alternate realities that seem to spring up LOL

The next morning Mystique woke to find Squirrel Girl still out cold on the bed. ~poor thing~ she thought as she stretched. ~~I probably gave her the best orgasm she'd had since her first.~ She smiled at the thought and then moved t o the stool over by the treehouse window.

She could see why her friend won't leave this place. During noon (which Mystique guessed by where the sun currently was) the park was alive with people. Joggers, businessmen on lunch break, families picnicking, It was very peaceful.

As she looked around for her clothes she started to wonder. Last night she felt better than she had since loosing Irene. She knew enough about love to know it didn't hit like lightening all the time, but there were moments you just couldn't ignore it. She should be happy, after all to the world she no longer exists, but she is a mutant and dare say one of the most wanted in the world. She would be uncovered eventually.

That thought made her frown. Why couldn't people leave her be? She was a criminal, she knew that. Even if some of her "jobs" were for the greater good how could she convince people of it. She has played with the lives of people for so long now...she doesn't want to play with this one. She knows in her soul she will eventually. Good old mystique never does something not to her advantage damn her.

As she sat thinking Squirrel Girl  woke up. After a rather exhilarating stretch she sat up and looked around for Mystique who was no longer in bed. Seeing her by the window the young mutant made her way over to Mystique and gave her a hug. "Good Morning"

Mystique smiled as the furry arms held her close. She moved her arms to rest on Squirrel girls and sighed. "It can't work you know. Even dead I'm to high profile to be forgotten, They'll find me...and you."

Squirrel Girl nodded.  "I know. Trust me, I know. People have silently "known" I've been here for a while now."

Mystique turned her head. "How did you find out?"

Squirrel Girl smiled and pointed out the window to a kind of circle in the park. "Some anti-mutant dork had a few moments out there telling the people of the towns mutants. after they arrested him for public disturbance people started talking. The problem is for me at least it backfired."

"Mystique arched an eyebrow and smiled lightly. She loved it when the anti-mutant movement got set back. "What happened?"

Squirrel Girl giggled. "Well, ya could say I got adopted. usually by nightfall there is a basket below this tree with some food for the following day. I even got a Christmas present last year." She smiled and went over to a small desk where a badge sat. She brought it over to show a curious mystique who looked at it and smiled. "Official Park Patrol Staff." She laughed. "That fits. So you are a member of the night crew here?"

Squirrel Girl shrugged. "I'm here when they need me. Most of my work is daytime, though usually pretty stealth. Rescuing kittens and kids from trees. saves a lot of money since with me around they don't have to keep fire ladder trucks close and can use them where they do more good."

Mystique nodded and then a thought crossed her mind. "Have you told the city of the rapists?"

Squirrel girl hung her head. "Not yet. My main problem is usually they have masks. The only one I ever truly saw was a driver, it was the anti-mutant jerk. I guess this is his way of saying I'm not safe even with the city."

Mystique growled. "Do you know who he is?"

Squirrel girl nodded. "Someone named Gyrich. Seems he is trying to get some political power and is using mutants to get it."

Mystique slammed her fist on the window. "DAMNIT!" she covered her mouth immediately and moved away from the window hoping no one would see her. "Sorry...I just know the name...very well."

Squirrel Girl looked confused then it hit her. "He is making your life hell to?"

Mystique nods. "HE has every right to. I abandoned him years ago, and now he blames all mutants for his hard life. I'm his mother."

Squirrel girl shouted this time feeling like the peace she had hoped she had found being ripped from her. "NO!!!! You're lying admit it...PLEASE!"

Squirrel Girl didn't care who heard her. Unlike Mystique even though she was rarely seen people knew her voice. 

Mystique moved quickly over to Squirrel girl to try and calm the young woman's nerves. "Shhh....I'm sorry. I should've know it would hurt you. Damnit anyhow. Now I know I can't stay here."

Squirrel girl started to choke. She wanted to cry so bad, to try and convince Mystique that she could stay, but knowing how persistent Gyrich could be she knew once he learned she had a friend he wouldn't rest until he found out who and then there would be no escape. She would be red flagged with Mystique. Even if she never saw her again.

Then a thought struck her. "I know how you can stay" Squirrel girl said with a grin.

Mystique blinked and backed ut of the hug looking confused at her friend. "How?"

Squirrel girl smiled "You're a shapeshifter aren't you? We just have to take your publicly hated form and change it to one "Squirrel Girl points to herself "that is more acceptable."

Mystique smiles. Of course. She could assume Squirrel Girls form and have at least some mobility AND keep an eye on her more annoying pup. Maybe she could even get revenge on him and her rapists...

Mystique smiles and in a flash Squirrel Girl had a twin. The two mutants chuckled and thought of all the fun they could have now. Gyrich was in for a nasty surprise.

As Mystique glanced over her new body she saw Squirrel Girl looking at her. She smiles and says "Thinking about a little self exploration?"

Squirrel Girl blinked not sure what her double meant. Seeing the uncertainty Mystique moved back onto the bed with Squirrel Girl and took one of her hands and placing it on her breast. "Ever wonder what you feel like to someone else?"

Squirrel Girl was mesmerized. She knew that mystique could assume any form but she didn't expect it to be so...real. She stared at the body which was a replica of her own and moved her other hand up to Mystique's other breast. "they feel so real."

Mystique grinned "they are. Now go ahead and "explore your body""  she said with a feral grin. 

Squirrel Girl Smiled and moved up to kiss Mystique. As their lips met the young mutants hands rubbed Mystiques nipples gently starting to try and get the courage to further explore. Only after a few minutes and at Mystiques insistence that her nipples were now VERY sensitive did Squirrel girl react, though not how Mystique thought. 

Squirrel girl, being new to this wanted to see how her body reacted to everything. Starting along that premise she moved her head down and started sucking on Mystiques over sensitive nipple. Mystique ground her fingers into the bed with a sharp his as she felt the pressure on her body and her hormones kicked in. She moved her hands to Squirrel girls head and tried to move it, but the young mutant would have none of it as she took a chance and flickered her tongue over the nipple. 

Mystique arched her back and lie back down on the bed as Squirrel girl moved with her keeping up the work on the sensitive nipple. As she heard Mystique moaning she decided that the nipple had suffered enough and moved to the other one. Mystique  blinked and closed her eyes not even bothering to resist. This young lady was VERY interested in her body and was going to try it all before she was done.

As Mystique was starting to calm down she felt Squirrel girls mouth move off her nipple exposing it to the air. with a sharp breath she looked up at her to see a grin on the young mutants face. "I may not be to much of an expert but I would guess you're enjoying this." Mystique nodded. Indeed she has sometimes done "Self Exploration" with others, though most of them were usually much more sexually mature than Squirrel girl. She was as close to a virgin as anyone could be. 

Squirrel Girl moved next to Mystique and let her hand slide along Mystiques belly. Mystique just smiled happy enough to sit here forever being loved by Squirrel Girl. then she heard a chuckle.

"You know I think its time someone got payback."

Mystique looked over in curiosity as Squirrel girl moved between her legs. Reaching up and taking Mystiques hand she made it slowly glide over her thigh and used her own hand to follow it. Mystique's eyes grew wide as she realized that Squirrel girl was going to try and make her come the same way Mystique had.

As Mystiques guided hand moved up her thigh Squirrel Girl followed it with her long nails. Mystique gasped when Squirrel girl had her had between her legs. Just as she had done Squirrel Girl guided Mystiques hand along her inner lips following it as always with her nail. Mystique started to squirm a bit, but Squirrel Girl rested on her legs preventing her from moving to much. 

As Squirrel Girl started using Mystique's Fingers on her clit she got an odd idea. While Mystique was moaning from the attentions Squirrel girl made her hand give her Squirrel Girl moved her free hand between Mystique's legs and started rubbing the lips of her lover with her fingers. Mystiques eyes widened suddenly realizing whatever script the were following from last night just got tossed out. 

Mystique for her end decided it was time for another lesson. As she squirmed from all the attention she managed to pull Squirrel girls body into position where she could have some fun of her own. she was just starting to think of seeing how the girl would handle a finger when Squirrel girl beat her to the punch.

Mystique let out a low howl as the curious woman slid a digit inside her and started tickling the insides of her. As she withered Squirrel girl sat up and stared at "her" face. She wanted to see herself come and she wouldn't stop until she had. 

Mystique finally getting some awareness  pulled the young ladies legs over and slid a digit deep inside her wiggling like mad. Squirrel Girls eye widened like saucers as she collapsed as the assault on her body threw her mind in temporary shock.

"All bets are off now" Warned Mystique as she sat up and slid her finger out long enough to slide her tongue in. Squirrel girl cried out. her body had been getting wet as she had worked over Mystique and now she was ready to climax. Mystique though wanted this climax to be one she would never forget. 

closing her eyes and concentrating she made her tongue shift into a form of a cock and stared literally fucking the young lady. Squirrel Girl tried to squirm as she felt a cock inside her and decided the only way was to send Mystique over the top. With that in mind she lowered her head, took a gulp and used her bucktooth to nibble on the clit of Mystique. 

Mystique almost choked. Even she hadn't thought of using the tooth like that before. She fell back as her thighs started to twitch and as Mystiques orgasm hit She saw Squirrel girl next to her smiling.

"I always wondered what I looked like." She snuggled next to Mystique who's turn it was to pass out.