Jenny and Jill had just heard about the new miniskirt club downtown and were intrigued.  The word was that this place was where minis, and even micros, could be worn in comfort and enjoyment and guys would admire but not offend. Both girls being enthusiastic mini wearers wanted to check it 
out. 
They both wore minidresses that were very mini in length but not really micro short.  They both wore suntan knickerhose and high heel pumps. When they entered the club the first thing they saw was what appeared to be a coat check room but the sign said "knicker check".  Both were curious and 
asked the attendant.   She said that this was a courtesy service for our customers.  It seems that in the early days of the club many women removed their knickers as the night went on in order to enjoy themselves and show off and many of these knickers were abandoned so the club added a 
knicker check so the ladies could feel free to remove their knickers and leave them here while they enjoyed the night and then pick them up later.  The attendant saw that Jenny and Jill were new here so she asked them if they'd like a tour. Both eagerly accepted and a staff member named Bill was quickly summoned to show Jenny and Jill around.   Bill welcomed them both to the club and began to describe the place. 
You've already seen our knicker check area but we also have a little knicker shop around the corner here too.   Almost any style and color is available to buy. 
Why do you have a knicker shop?  Chimed Jenny. 
Like the knicker check desk,  customers were asking for it.  It seems that once the ladies quickly  found out that letting their underwear be seen here was desirable they regretted what they had worn here.  For instance, black knickers are commonly worn under a black minidresses but black is a very difficult color to see so we were seeing women wanting to switch to white knickers. 
This club was founded by a couple that loved wearing and enjoying miniskirts and wanted a special place where others could enjoy them too, in fact our dress code requires the ladies to wear them although we don't dictate how short.   Everything is designed to help you easily let others 
look up your skirt.  As you can see our dance floor is elevated up four feet from the main floor and is designed to allow non dancing customers the best chance to look up the skirts of those on the dance floor.  All the bars and tables are glass topped so you don't have to worry about having your legs concealed and most seats are backless so if your ultra short micro is riding up you 
needn't worry that your bottom cleavage can't be seen by someone in back of you.  
The club is divided up into lots of different levels so there is always a set of stairs close by when you want a cute guy to be able to see up your skirt as you climb.  We also have a seamstress on duty each night because we found that a lot of ladies, especially the new customers,  wished that their hemlines were shorter.  So we hired a seamstress to shorten any skirt or dress to your desired length on demand.   Jenny and Jill looked at each other.  While both loved their minis,  extraordinarily short micro minis were not in their wardrobe.   They had intentionally arrived a little early so they could get a good view of the place before it got really crowded.   Both girls had thought that they were wearing rather risky minidresses; they were pretty much the shortest they owned, but in looking around the club it was pretty easy to see that they were in fact wearing 
the longest minidresses there.  They settled in at the bar and began watching the dance floor.  Slowly it filled up with couples dancing away to both fast and slow music and the amazing thing to see was that the girls were wearing unbelievably short skirts and dresses.   During the fast music 
the girls wearing stretch Lycra micro dresses allowed them to ride up to their hips exposing most of their knickers.  There were even a couple of girls going bare, no knickerhose or knickers and their naked asses and pussies out in the open.  Other girls wore pleated microskirts and spent a lot of 
time spinning and twirling.  They too wore a mix of knickers or nothing.   When the slow music came almost all the guys were reaching behind their partners to raise their hems high enough to cup their bottoms.  One guy had pulled his partners microdress so high that her bra was almost visible. This was getting rather erotic and Jill wanted in on this. 

I'm going to find some guy to dance with, said Jill.  I want a part of this action. 
You go ahead,  I think I need to work up my courage a little more, said Jenny. 

After 10 minutes Jill came back to the bar with an astonished look on her face. 

What's wrong?  asked Jenny. 

I must have asked 6 guys to dance and they all turned me down.  I can't believe it,  most of the time I am the one saying no. 

That's weird,  what did you say? 

I just smiled and asked them to dance.  Finally with the last guy,  I asked why he wouldn't dance with me.  He told me nobody in here would dance with you wearing that dress.  What's wrong with my dress, I asked.   He told me it was too long.  Can you believe that!  This is my shortest minidress.  He told me that in here it's pretty long and most guys don't want to be seen with a girl in a long dress. 

Jill,  he may be right.  Nobody has asked me to dance all night either. I haven't even been hit on.   Maybe we should pay a visit to the seamstress. 

Jenny's suggestion caught Jill off guard because she had forgotten about the seamstress. 

Jill steeled her eyes and said Yes,  I want some action tonight and I'll do what it takes to get some, so they headed for the seamstress. She wasn't busy at the moment and asked if she could help the girls. 

We'd like our dresses shortened please. 

How much would you like them taken up? 

Jill, in a defiant mood said; I want a really super short micro dress, my shortest ever.  Cut it right up to the bottom of my knickers. 

Very well Miss,  please step over here I need to measure first and then you need to take off your dress for a few minutes while I shorten it. 

Very well,  I need you to give me your dress for a few minutes and before she could say that there was a screen to stand behind for privacy Jill's minidress was off and on the table.  Jill now stood there in her underwear and high heels.  Jill had her mini turned micro dress back in a few minutes. She stood in front of the full length mirror to admire the job.  Her microdress was now frightfully short,  far shorter than anything she had ever worn,  even on a tennis court.   She turned around and saw a little white of knickers sticking out.   In front, a small tug up on her microdress showed that there was no more than a half inch of hemline covering her knickers    Jill's dress was a stretchy tight material.   It hugged her all the way from her shoulders to her hemline.  It would let her reach and bend a little without major exposure but it also meant that it would ride up simply by walking. 
Perfect! 

Jenny was next.  Jenny's minidress was an a-line design.  After her alteration to a similar altitude she found that her movement restrictions were just the opposite.   She could walk without exposure but the slightest movement to reach or bend caused her hemline to rise. Satisfied with their alterations they headed back out. 

A handsome guy named Mark quickly approached Jill and struck up a conversation.  They talked for many minutes and were quickly getting into each other.  They eventually made their way to the dance floor where a string of fast dances caused Jills microdress to ride up.  Her knickers were on display for most of the time.  A slow tune came up and they embraced to sway with the music.   Marks hands were all over the back of Jill and eventually made their way to her bottom where he pulled up Jill's hemline and cupped her bottom.  She became enthralled.  She was so turned on.  After a little while he probed further and inserted his hands down her knickers to cup her bare bottom.  Jill couldn't believe how erotic she felt.    Now she was reminded of why the club had a knicker check and she wanted to make use of it.  She glanced around and saw several girls whose dresses were raised up by their partners,  two were even bare assed. 

Don't go away,  I just need to make a visit and I'll be rightback.    Mark naturally figured that she was headed to the ladies room and simply cooled his heels.   Jill walked straight to the knicker check door and dropped them right there and headed right back to the dance floor.   There was another couple of fast dances and Jill was more self conscious about her micro mini dress working up to expose her so she deftly pulled it down frequently,  she also didn't want Mark to know until another slow dance. 

Mark sensed that Jill was behaving a little more conservatively so he was a little reluctant to go caress her bottom again during the next slow dance. He still was up and down her back but didn't go below her hips. Jill was sensing this and decided to take the lead. 
Mark, with my arms around your shoulders I think that the hemline of my micro mini dress might be showing my knickers, would you reach down and check to see how far it might have gone up? 

He couldn't believe he heard that but quickly complied and almost stopped cold when he got two hands full of bare bottom. 

You took your knickers off?  You temptress. 

Oh my! I must have left my knickers in the ladies room, how forgetful of me. I'm enjoying this dance though so maybe I should wait until later to go back later to get them. I wonder what would happen if maybe you took advantage of my forgetfulness and pulled my dress up higher. Mark didn't say a word but gently raised Jill's skirt to her waist and held it there while held her close. 
You naughty boy you. I think eveyone can see my bare bottom. 

Yes indeed. said Mark. I guess that just accidently happened when I felt your hemline and lifted it up. I suppose I could let go of it and let it back down again, what do you think? 
Why don't we keep dancing and I'll think about it. I have to warn you though, it takes me while to think things out so it's best if you don't do anything right away. 
Mark took the hint and they danced on and continued to enjoy themselves.  Jill's micro minidress was around her hips and Mark was spending a lot of time caressing her bottom. They continued to dance and Mark ran his hands up and down her back while continuing to hold her dress in his hands. This had the pleasant effect of exposing Jill entire back almost up to her bra. 
Why don't you bunch up my micro minidress and tuck it into my bra, then you'd be free to go back down,  I miss the touch of your hands on my bare bottom. Mark took the suggestion and lifted her microdress up and tucked it into her bra in back and in front. 

They danced until the club closed and both had no desire to have the evening end. They took brief breaks for the bathroom and bar and Jill kept her micro mini dress tucked into her bra the entire time. She was so turned on by walking around the club naked from her bra down to her high heels. 

Would you like to go back to my place?  I have a house near the water. 

Lead on, said Jill.   They left the club arm in arm with Mark holding up Jill's micro mini dress so that her bare bottom was showing to all.  Mark held his car door open for Jill to get in and held her hand while she sat down.  Her micro dress fell down a little while Mark went around to take his seat behind the wheel.   Before starting the car he reached across her to belt her in. 

You are protecting me you gallant gentleman. 

I don't want to risk you getting hurt.  In fact,  I'd like to keep a closer eye on you.  Here, if I raise up your micro dress like this and tuck it into your seatbelt I can make sure that I you won't leave my sight. 

Jill was quite impressed with Mark's place.  It was a beachside house with a gorgeous patio and pool leading into it from the driveway.  They slowly strolled from the car taking in the stars.  Jill asked if he used the pool very much with the beach right here too. 

Well,  the pool is warmer and I don't track sand into the house. He squatted down and felt the water and said it's very comfortable too when I get the urge to go for a swim at night.  Jill quietly caressed his back and said "like now"?  With that comment she gave Mark a big shove and in he went.   Mark surfaced a little stunned but with a sly look on his face. Jill was hoping he would take this the right way.  Mark paddled over to the side of the pool and resting by the side of the pool looked up to Jill who was standing a foot away. 

I hope you can you see up my skirt from there?  You should have a good view. 

Mark took his que and replied,  I should be able to but it's a little to dark. 

Jill took a step to the edge of the pool and squatted down but kept her knees together and said.  What about now?  You should have a much better view up my micro dress now.  Can you see my pussy? 

I have to say that it is a pretty good view now.  I am lucky your dress is so short or it would be a little hard to see. 

I am so relieved.  I was worried at the club that my micro mini dress wasn't quite short enough.  Here, give me your hand let's get you up and out of those wet clothes.  Mark grasped Jill's hand but didn't move. nstead he started pulling at her. 

Mark what are you doing?  You're going to get me all wet if you pull any more.  Mark!   Jill wanted to put up some token resistance in order to appear playful but her plan to get them both in the pool was working out nicely.   She let out a little scream when she passed the point of no return She surfaced and pretended to be just a little indignant. 

Look at me!  My little micro mini dress is all wet and my high heels too. You are so mean.   Mark couldn't help but stare.  Jill's micro dress was now floating up quite a ways letting the underwater lights illuminate her bare pussy.   Jill saw this too and in a teasing voice said;  oh look my little micro minidress is floating up!  I bet you can see my pussy from there,  can you? 

Mark didn't say a word but floated over to her,  embraced her and lifted her micro dress up and over her head and began passionately kissing her.  After a few minutes of this he cradled her in his arms and carried her out of the pool.  She was still wearing her white high heels which now were sodden and dripping a steady stream of water.  They headed inside and upstairs. 

Jill woke up to the smell of something cooking.  She was alone in the bed and was still feeling wonderfully sexy after an enthralling night of passion.  She threw off the covers and sat at the side of the bed.  She rarely slept naked but was enjoying the feeling and didn't want it to end. She could smell breakfast cooking,  Mark must have snuck down without her noticing.  She saw her white high heels on the floor but her micro mini dress was nowhere to be seen and she couldn't remember where it was.   She thought about finding a robe but decided to prolong her sensuous feeling so she slipped into her high heels and headed for the kitchen in the nude.  She stood in the kitchen doorway in full view of Mark and said "something smells really good".  Mark glanced up and was surprised to see her standing there naked. 

Let me get you a robe, he said. 

No thanks, I found something to wear. 
What do you mean,  you're naked. 

She lifted one leg and said,  look silly, I'm wearing my high heels so I'm not really naked am I?   Do you really want me to put something else on? 

Mark's smile was enough to quell that argument. 

They sat down at the glass topped kitchen table and enjoyed his scrambled eggs.  Jill was definitely enjoying Mark's reaction to seeing her casually eating breakfast with her breasts in full view and her pussy almost equally on display through the table top. 

After breakfast, Mark asked if she'd like to go for a drive up the coast to a quaint little coastal village to hang out. 

I'd love to, said Jill,  when can we leave? 

Well, why don't you go put on your micro mini dress and I'll clear our plates and we can be on our way. 

Jill got up and quickly realized that she didn't know where she put her tiny little dress.  Mark dear,  do you know where my microdress is? 

Oh yes, I forgot, it should be dry now.  I put it in the dryer after I found it floating in the pool when I came down this morning.  Let me get if for you.   After retrieving Jill's micro mini dress, she slipped back into it but it didn't feel right.   She stepped over to the mirror and found out why. 

Oh my!  Mark,  my microdress shrank in your dryer.  Look, it doesn't even cover my pussy anymore and I'll bet half of my bottom is showing too. Mark asked her to turn around and he confirmed that much of her bare bottom was visible now.   Wow, I guess I own a new ultra short micro minidress now. 

I'm sorry, I didn't know it would shrink, we can go rummage through my closet.  There may be an something from my ex that you could borrow.   Mark showed Jill where the old clothes were and she spent a few minutes taking a look.   Mark dear,  I'm sorry but most of what is here is pants. 

They don't fit you?  said Mark. 

I don't care if they fit or not,  I really don't want to wear pants in public.  When I'm with you I want to be wearing short short micro mini skirts. There are a few minidresses here but nothing here is anywhere near short enough for me,  I don't think any of these dresses go any higher than ten inches above my knee. 

I tell you what, said Mark.  You can't go out in public wearing what shrunken little dress,  we can stop at a local shop and pick up a pair of knickers 

We could, said Jill, or we could just drive past the knicker store. 

You mean you want to go bare assed under that micro dress? 

I feel so sexy in my new ultra short micro mini dress that I would consider it an honor if you let me wear it for you like this. They both jumped into the car and headed up the coast.  It was a very quaint seaside village they arrived at with a main street bordering the sea and lined with shops, bars and restaurants.   Mark suggested they poke around the shops for a while and then they could settle in someplace for drinks and lunch.   Jill eagerly agreed and they were off. 

They browsed through a few shops and Jill was attracting a lot of attention.  Not only was most of her pussy and bottom on display but anytime she made the slightest move to bend over,  stretch or reach,  her ultra short hemline rose even higher exposing the top of her bottom cleavage in the back and almost to her navel in the front.   One shop owner stopped her and said, excuse me miss but we require our customer to be dressed,  you need to put on a bottom of some kind.  Jill was ready though. 

But sir, I can't wear a bottom because this is an ultra short micro mini dress.  You don't wear bottoms with dresses!   That woman over there is wearing a dress and you didn't say anything to her. 

Miss,  that woman's dress is fully covering her. 

Sir,  an ultra short microdress isn't supposed to fully cover your bottom, it's the fashion.  Do you want to be known as a fashion shop that isn't in fashion? 

Miss, could you at least put on a pair of knickers then. 

I'm sorry sir but I don't have any knickers that go with this microdress. Now you have to agree that would certainly be a fashion no-no. I'm sorry but what would people think if they saw me in a micro mini dress with mismatched knickers.  No, you'll just have to put up with my bare bottom, it goes with anything.   The owner was rather dumbfounded but Jill and Mark decided to move on anyway.   Jill was now thoroughly getting into wearing this dress.  Yesterday she only wore modestly short miniskirts yet now she was walking around in public in a dress so short that is was above her crotch and she was loving it. 

They stopped at sidewalk cafe which overlooked the ocean across the street. They were seated under the awning on the sidewalk at a small round table. Jill let out a little squeak when her bare bottom made contact with the cold iron chair.  This was the first time sitting in public wearing her shrunken micro mini dress.  In front,  her hemline was so short that her pussy was visible to even her.   She squirmed around seemingly trying to find a comfortable position. 

What's wrong, ask Mark. 

I'm just trying to find a good position.   I want to be sure that you will be able to see up my microskirt whenever you want.   After all, why wear a microdress this short if the guy I am with can't enjoy it.   She reached around back to feel how things stood there.  She estimated that her hemline was probably at least 5 inches above the chair.  This meant that anyone on any side of her would think not that she's wearing a micro dress but that she is wearing a top without a bottom.   It scared her a little but also chilled her with a thrill.  Jill spilled a little salad dressing on her micro dress and decided to have a little fun. Exuse me waiter.   I'm sorry to bother you but I just spilled a little dressing on my ultra ultra short micro mini dress.  Would you mind getting a little club soda? 

Of course Miss. 

He shortly came back with a napkin and a glass of soda water. With the waiter standing right there she dipped the napkin in the fluid and took a hold of her hemline and pulled it up almost to her chest to get the stain closer to vision.   Yes I think this is going to work.   I don't know what I'd do if I ruined this micro dress.  It's my shortest one and I don't have another with me. Do you think people can still see up my dress ok in this seat? 

The waiter left absolutely red faced. They continued with lunch and then decided to walk around town. Jill's ultra short tight stretchy micro dress tended to ride up even higher as she walked and on a couple of occasions when she wasn't paying attention it would make that last leap from her hips to her waist totally exposing her bare ass and pussy.   When she finally noticed she giggled a little and gave a little elbow to Mark. Look at me!  I wasn't paying attention and my tiny little ultra short micro minidress rode up.   Do you think people can see my navel? 

She then teasingly wiggled it down so it was back to almost covering her pussy.  They continued walking until they came across a beautiful Inn on the waterfront.   They went in to investigate and found a small lobby elegantly decorated leading out to an intimate dining room with white table cloths with almost all the seats looking out on a gorgeous view of the beach and ocean. Mark,  let's get a room here and have dinner too?  This is such a romantic place. 

I'd love to but we didn't bring our toothbrushes and I think your ultra short micro mini dress might not go over well in this place. I guess you have a good point.  Jill said with some disappointment. Mark responded back....  but..  you stay out of sight and I'll see if I can get reservations.  If we get in we'll head back to town and buy a change of clothes. Good plan Mark,  go... go,  check at the desk.     Jill slipped outside so she wouldn't be seen and Mark was able to secure dinner and room reservations and went out to meet back up with Jill. We're in! Excellent!    Ok let's walk back to the shops.  You have to buy a shirt, jacket and tie and I have to buy a new micro mini dress. How micro?  asked Mark. 

Jill winked at him and said,  don't worry. They both headed for town and agreed to meet back at park bench overlooking the beach in an hour.  Mark headed for a mens shop they both noticed earlier and Jill went right to a boutique she was in as well. Naturally Mark finished first and had to wait for some time for Jill to show up but show up she did and what a sight she was.  She was still wearing her white high heeled pumps but now had nude very sheer knickerhose on too.  Her new dress was a stunning maroon number.  It had a shallow scooped neck with sleeves down to the elbows.  The dress looked to be made of a heavy cotton or linen perhaps. It had a tight waist and flared out a-line style.  The hemline just barely covered her crotch, in fact with his eyes at her waist level he could see that the arch of the knickerhose as it transitioned from going up her leg to going down the other.  She turned around for him.  In back the dress didn't allow any of her butt cleavage to show but he could see a hint of the start of her bottom. 

Do you like? 
Very much, but this is still very daring.  This may be too much for the Inn. 
Yes I know, but I can't go back to long skirts, especially when I'm with you. 
You are wearing knickers aren't you? 

Jill didn't answer right away but put her finger to her lip and said out loud,  Gee, did I remember to buy knickers?  Let me think.  She then turned around to look out on the ocean and bent over to lean on the railing while she scratched her head.  Bending like that in this style of micro mini dress caused her hemline to rise up to show almost all of her bottom. She was wearing ultra sheer-to-the-waist knickerhose which meant that her bottom and pussy was easily seen through the next-to-nothing material.  With Mark sitting right behind her he saw it all.   Mark said nothing, instead he got up and moved to Jill.  He slowly slid both hands up her dress. She wasn't expecting this so she jerked a little in surprise but then stayed in position to let him continue.  Mark continued until he was cupping her braless breasts from inside her minidress.  The bottom of her micro mini dress was now around her waist with the waistband of her knickerhose exposed by a couple of inches.   He then whispered into her ear that she is very beautiful but she had to put on a pair of knickers or risk the evening going bad. Oh please?  Must I?  I don't want to wear knickers ever again, no matter how short my hemlines.  Don't these knickerhose do to trick?   What if someone wants to look up my skirt?  Or what if we are dancing and I put my arms around your neck to lift my microdress up?  Wouldn't you rather they see my bare bottom instead of a pair of boring knickers?  I know I would. 

Yes your legs are gorgeous in these knickerhose but we can't have your pussy on display in the Inn.    I tell you what.  If you wear knickers for me tonight I'll go with you to your place tomorrow and personally throw away all your knickers and help you convert all of your wardrobe to all ultra ultra short micro mini skirts and dresses. 

You'd do that for me?  That is so sweet.  Remember you promised. And I want to choose some really good places for us to go with me dressed like that. Ok I'll go back and get a pair of knickers. 

Jill returned in about 15 minutes wearing the single pair of knickers she bought.  They were bright white and very noticeable.  Mark didn't realize that most traditional knickers go rather low on the bottom and this dress wasn't low enough to cover them.  Probably a half inch of knicker was visible under Jill's micro dress.   Mark raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything. He knew she did what he asked.  It actually was quite sexy looking.   This is what most men want to see when they try to look up a womans skirt.  He decided to let it go and hope nobody raised a stink.   Marks fears were unfounded as they settled in for a romantic evening of dinner, dancing and romance.  Jill's bright white knickers were almost a beacon in contrast with her dark colored dress but nobody said a word.   During slow dances her micro mini dress went so high that the waist band of her low rider bikini knickers were visible.  Jill hoped for this and asked Mark to confirm that her dress was as high as she hoped.  Towards the end of the evening they walked out on the deck which overlooked the ocean. 

I'm sorry I was so stubborn about you wearing knickers, Jill.  It wouldn't have made a difference after all if your bare pussy was on display. Apology accepted.  Would you like to make it up to me? 

Sure,  what do you have in mind? 

I want one more slow dance with you in there and I want to be bare bottomed for it.  Do you think you can help me? 

Without speaking, Mark lifted up Jill's microdress and grabbed the waistband of her sheer to the waist knickerhose but instead of rolling them down he made a tear and then slowly ripped them apart down her leg.  Jill stepped out of her high heel to allow Marks access all the way to her toes. 
Mark repeated the process on the other leg.  The material was so sheer that tearing them by hand was easy and Jill loved it.   Next he lifted up her micro mini dress.  Jill didn't know if he'd pull down her underwear or try to tear it. It's material is a little more sturdy that the flimsy knickerhose.   She felt a little bit of a sideways tug but no rip or pull down but the did feel loose now.  Mark then faced her and grabbed the front of them and purposely caressed her pussy while doing it and then pulled them through her legs and out. 
How did you do that? Mark grinned widely and showed a little pocket knife he carries. He then threw Jill's knickers over the railing into the ocean. Very nice!  I'm impressed.  Now how about showing the world the right way to dance with a woman wearing nothing on under a tiny tiny little micro mini dress? 
