The First Time…

It has been so long that being nude has been part of my life that it 
seems like I have always been naked...but, I was thinking about it, and 
there really is a marked "beginning" for me. 
About four years ago when Rob and I first discovered each other we went 
for a drive during the week (he has a very flexible schedule) in a 
State Park.  We stopped at an area and decided to walk some of the 
nature trails. 
Along the way the subject of being nude/naked came up -- you have to 
understand that even though Rob and I were just getting to know each 
other, from the first time I looked into his eyes I knew I had 
discovered not just a kindred spirit -- but, my soul mate...as such, it 
seemed from the very first we could talk about anything. 
Anyway!  I told him that I enjoyed being without clothes, but growing 
up in a family of boys, and very conservative family that usually time 
alone in my room or when nobody was home (a rare occasion) was the only 
time I got to be naked.  He grinned as we came up on a rest stop and 
said, "Every been naked outdoors?" 
I blushed and shook my head no -- he pointed to a rather primitive 
restroom that we had just come up on and said, "No time like the 
present."  We had been carrying some snacks in a plastic grocery bag 
and he handed it to me and said, "Be daring, go in and take off your 
clothes, put them in this bag and come outside -- I'll make sure it's 
safe." 
It was the craziest thing anyone ever suggested to me.  But, I looked 
into his eyes and immediately said, "OK." 
Shaking with excitement (and fear) I went in the restroom -- and closed 
the door -- a sky light provided the only light in the small stall. 
Deciding I must either do it, or chicken out I quickly slipped out of 
my pants, top, bra, undies and placed them in the bag.  Then walking 
out wearing only my flip-flops I hesitantly opened the door.  Rob was 
standing there smiling.  He had seen me naked only a couple of other 
times and never in broad open daylight -- I had never even seen myself 
outside in broad open daylight!" 
Then he said, "Just a couple of more things."  He pulled a small zip 
lock bag from his pocket -- Rob is the perfect Boy Scout, he's always 
prepared." 
"Take off your earrings." 
This caught me by surprise, but I did. 
"Now the chain on your neck."  (It is a small gold rope.) 
Again, now just trusting and staring into his eyes -- I did. 
"Your watch." 
I did. 
"Rings" 
Deep breath -- I did as I took off an item he put them carefully into 
the zip lock. 
"Ankle bracelet." 
I guess at this point I didn't realize I had on more articles of 
jewelry than I did clothing.  Off it came -- into the bag it went. 
"Toe ring." 
So, that was it -- there I stood, wearing nothing on my body and only a 
thin pair of flip flops on my bare feet. 
He took the grocery bag, put the jewelry bag in his pocket and said, 
"Let's go for a walk." 
My heart skipped a beat as my hand slipped into his and we started down 
a heavily wooded sand trail.  Then he stopped and said, "Let me have 
the flip flops too." 
As I slipped them off and my now completely bare feet stepped onto the 
soft warm sand a feeling of electricity came over me that is almost 
impossible to describe!  I have never felt so energized, so alive, so 
in touch with all that is around me as I realized for the first time in 
years, and years I was truly in my birthday suit.  (Normally, I even 
sleep and shower with my ankle bracelet and the gold chain on my neck.) 
But, here I was in the "great outdoors," truly in a 100% natural state! 
It was a rush that I never experienced before -- but, have enjoyed 
many times since then :) -- and now, when I say, "I'm naked," it is 
truly birthday suit, totally, completely nude! 
Rob and I have had many adventures over the past few years; and still 
ever time I look at those eyes, I know that I will do anything he asks 
-- and I know he will keep always keep me safe.  He is now, and will 
always be, THE love of my life. 
Jenn 
143/2 
