Rock Your Heart Out – Renee’s Pancake Breakfast
by anonenffan
 
Rock Your Heart Out - Renee's Pancake Breakfast (Chapter 2. Rene's Pancake Breakfast)

Sleeping, if Eva could even call it that, was difficult.  It was more like she laid down and stared at a wall for hours.  Her mind couldn’t rest, not after what happened.  Though she did wonder if things went the way she wanted it to, would that have made sleeping any easier?  Instead of being shaken, she’d be excited, but both those things could get the same result.

It didn’t help that she was within the unfamiliar walls of Rene’s house.  The bedroom was spacious, underscored by the fact that there was minimal furniture outside of the bed she laid in.  Being so barren gave Eva little to look at to take her mind off of the day before.  She met her favorite band, met her hero, and had the secret to her guitar playing discovered.

Well, not all of it.  Eva wasn’t anywhere close to ready to talk about what happened in her dreams just yet.  With one deeply hidden secret already revealed, she had to preserve the one that remained.  Eva tossed and turned in the guest bed, seeing sunlight start to peek in over the top of the curtains.  Sleep finally came, but it wasn’t like pleasantly going adrift.  Instead, it was more like succumbing to exhaustion.

When she heard the door open, she wasn’t even aware that she had fallen asleep.  One eyelid parted, and her arm clumsily reached for her phone.  Ten AM.

“Mmmm…”  Eva moaned sadly.

“Ah damn it, sorry, didn’t mean to wake you,” came a voice.

With a long yawn, Eva sat up, waiting for a blurry figure in her vision to clear.  Her blanket slid down slightly, letting cool air embrace her skin.  When the world came into focus, Rene stood there, looking at Eva apologetically.

“Didn’t sleep too well I’m guessing?”  Rene said.

Eva shook her head.

“I guess there’s a lot on your mind,” Rene said, stepping into the room.  “What, with me walking in on you and all.”  She tried to avert her gaze from Eva, detecting pink cotton in her peripheral vision.  Even though she had already seen far more than that, Rene felt it was best to honor some form of privacy.

“I’m sorry… I don’t know how to explain it… I know it sounds ridiculous, but I just um… play better when I’m… like that…”  Eva said, feeling her face warm with blush again.

Rene bit her lip and tilted her head left and right.  “I’ll admit, I’ve never seen anyone get motivated to play better from… that.”  She took a few steps closer and looked at Eva, “But I also never heard anyone play quite LIKE that.  I listened to that new recording a bunch of times already, and I’m still in awe of it.”

“Th-thank you… I think…”  Eva blushed a little deeper.  “I um… it just sort of… it felt like I was dreaming while I did that… I don’t even feel aware I’m playing.”

Rene seemed to be in thought.  “Interesting… very interesting… so when you’re dreaming… what are you dreaming about?”  She looked towards Eva.

Eva’s eyes widened, and she held her blanket against herself defensively.  It was only then that she remembered that she elected to sleep in just her underwear.  Rene was waiting for an answer, but Eva couldn’t give her the truth!

“I um… I’m not sure… it’s like a regular dream where you wake up, and it’s just… it’s just out of your mind.  It’s gone.  You know what I mean?”  Eva said with a slight shake to her voice.

She saw Rene raise an eyebrow.  That little motion made Eva worry like Rene was suspicious of something.  She just wasn’t ready to explain the truth to that dream.  That couldn’t be done.

“Hmm…”  Rene looked away, stood up and walked towards the window.  “Must have been something interesting… because… like I don’t mean to embarrass you but… you know, you were a bit… worked up?”

“U-um…”  Eva’s face reddened further.  No, no no no!  Rene was known for keen ears, but she couldn’t read a dream out of a piece of music, could she?  That didn’t seem possible!  “I don’t… um…”

Rene shook her head.  “Okay okay, I get it.  I thought maybe listening to it could jog your memory, but maybe you’re not ready to talk about it yet.  Like it’s a little personal, and you don’t really feel at home here.”

Eva nodded frantically.  “Y-yes, that.  All that.  Exactly that.  I’m um… I’m not ready.”

“Still though,” Rene was looking away.  “You were like dreaming… whatever you were dreaming about got you… hot.  And you were playing incredibly well without even thinking about it.”

This was getting worse.  Eva could feel her heartbeat quicken, and she squeezed her legs together under the covers.  Rene’s idea about remembering the dream was plausible, in fact, it was already working.  Eva could feel herself warming up just thinking about it.  It didn’t help that the blankets trapped her steadily increasing body heat.

“Hmm…”  Rene seemed to be thinking to herself.  “Maybe… maybe that’s what’s happening…”  She shook her head.  “Eva, I want to help you.  Like, we’ll try to be more… personal as friends.  So it can be easier to talk about your little… kink.”

Eva wanted to speak against the idea that this was a kink, but she didn’t want to argue with Rene.  It was especially hard to argue against the truth.  She needed the conversation to focus on something else.  Literally, anything at all before Rene had any hint of what her dream really was.

“Hey um…”  Eva racked her brain for ideas.  “I hate to ask… but um… I’m… I’m hungry!”  She nodded to herself and let out a little exhale.  That would work!

“Oh!  Yeah, that’s no big deal.  I haven’t had breakfast yet either,”  Rene turned around and smiled at Eva, as she reached into her pocket for her phone.  “You know what you want?  That chef can make anything, and either have it in the dining room, or you can have breakfast in bed.”

Eva leaned back in surprise.  A personal chef that would do breakfast in bed?  It was awkward enough having Rene in the room, on the trail of Eva’s lewd dream while clothed only in her underwear.  Plus it would feel like Rene’s too generous to her.  The blonde was already very lax about letting her sleep in her house.

“Oh… you don’t have to bother your chef… I just um… I’m fine with something light.  Like regular cereal,” Eva stated, trying to minimize her presence.

“You sure?  He makes some damn good pancakes.  That’s what I plan on having him make.”  Rene looked at Eva quizzically.  “If you’re feeling like you’re mooching off me or something, don’t.  Seriously, that guy gets paid whether he cooks or not.  I have him make lunch for the rest of the girls all the time.”

Eva bit her lip.  It was like Rene could read her eyes as well as she could read her guitar playing.  If Rene was going to be this friendly… then maybe she should try to just accept her good will.  “O-okay… I’ll try some of his pancakes then,” Eva finally said.

“Neato, I’ll give him a call real quick,” Rene said, pushing some buttons on her phone before holding it up to her ear.  “Hey, it’s Rene… yep, I want some breakfast… I actually have a friend with me, so two plates of pancakes.”

Eva sighed, and slowly pulled her legs out from under the blankets, and touched them to the floor.  Her bare feet felt the quality carpeting tickle her, as she realized she had very little wardrobe on to speak of.

“Hey Eva, you wanna eat in here or in the dining room?”  Rene asked, still holding her phone.

“Dining room,” Eva quickly said.  She had to get dressed.  Having Rene see her in such an undressed form bothered her enough.  There was no need to have the chef see her on top of that.

“Dining room,” Rene replied into her phone.  “…Alright, thanks.”  She pressed a button on the screen and put it back in her pocket.  “About fifteen minutes,” she turned around and faced Eva, seeing her standing beside her bed, reaching for the dress clothes she had on the day before.  “Oh!”  Rene snapped her fingers and pointed to Eva’s clothing.  “I got a maid that can wash your stuff if you want.”

Eva paused, looking at the pile of clothes in front of her.  She blushed and smiled back at Rene.  “Thanks… but um… I kind of want to wear something to breakfast.”

Rene glanced around the room several times and then stomped her foot, “Did they put your luggage in the wrong room?  Damn it, I don’t know my way around this place.  Alright, go ahea-”  She paused as she was turning around, and stuck a finger up in the air and began to wave it.  “I’ve got an idea.  Now I KNOW this would feel weird, so you’re welcome to say no if you want.”

Eva had her pants in her hands and kept looking at Rene.  “Um… what is it?”

“I think… you play better while naked because that dream is not just a dream.  It’s like… have you ever heard of the Ultra Zone?”  Rene asked.

The younger brunette blinked twice.  “Ultra Zone?”

“It’s like a state of mind, like a… realm of pure inspiration.  Some dude from the eighties came up with the name,” Rene waved her hand as if brushing something out of the way.  “I think… being naked helps you slip into it.  So what if,” Rene blushed deeply.  She couldn’t believe she was going to suggest this, especially so soon, but she had to know.  “You spent more time like that?  Make it so you can more easily slip in and out of the Ultra Zone, and eventually being naked won’t matter!”

“W-what!?”  Eva backed away.  Was that really happening?  Did Rene just ask her to be naked more often?  That was only supposed to happen in Eva’s dreams!  “I… n-no!  I can’t do that, there’s just… I can’t!”

“Look, I know I might be a little forward, but I have to know what helped you play so well.  If you’re worried about the maid or the chef saying something I can just tell them to leave you alone or they’ll get fired.”  Rene explained.  She saw that Eva seemed to be unconvinced, almost bothered by the very suggestion.  “How about just your underwear?  Is that close enough?”

Eva felt so confused.  Rene was offering her so many things and was even attempting to find a way to help her play at her full potential without having to get naked.  But to spend so much time around Rene so undressed… she felt so vulnerable.  That blonde promised it would be okay though.

“I… I dunno… is anyone else going to see me?”  Eva asked while she instinctively hugged her breasts despite her bra on.  It was a small comfort, but one she needed.

“I think it’s just a cleaning lady and the chef today.  But the maid goes where I tell her, and the chef is back in the kitchen after the pancakes are on the table.”  Rene explained.  “The band’s coming over to practice later, but they’re not due to show up for a while.”

Eva took a deep breath.  Rene seemed sincere… and part of her wanted to give in to what she was asking, just for a closer resemblance to the dream.  The thought of Rene holding her and comforting her was something that put butterflies in her stomach.  A little part of her mind was begging Eva to say yes, but if she did it for reasons other than what Rene was thinking of, Rene would probably she’s a pervert.  However, there was still the offer of the middle ground.

“O-okay… I’ll do it… just in my underwear.  I don’t want the others to see me like this though… please?”  Eva asked meekly.

“I’ll keep an eye on the clock.  I promise,” Rene said.  She opened the door and stepped out into the hallway.  “Alright… follow me.  I think from here…”  She put a hand on her hip.  “The kitchen is this way.”

Eva looked down at the small pile of clothing she had on the day before.  It was her last chance to back down, but she thought back to her dream.  How Rene led the way in everything they did.  That could slowly turn into reality if she left it there.  So, barely clothed as she was, the flustered girl began taking steps out of the room, and into the hallway.

She felt exposed but helpless as she followed Rene like a lost puppy.  In the back of her mind, she was hoping Rene would give the order to strip the rest of the underwear.  What clothing remained probably bound her to the real world and kept her from accessing the Ultra Zone Rene spoke of.  Rene seemed to be slowing her walking pace so Eva could catch up.  Was there a hint of red on her cheeks?  Was the order coming?

“You know… I get you’re a little self-conscious, but if it makes you feel better,” Rene seemed to be intentionally avoiding eye contact, trying to look at the hallway and the walls all around them.  “I’ve gone to the dining room that way before too.  Nothing but a bra and panties.”

Eva’s face felt hotter.

“I was lazy that morning, tired from a show, and I just didn’t care.  So, it’s not like anyone here would be seeing something weird.”  Rene explained slowly, her own blush growing brighter.  “I just want you to focus on relaxing, and when we’re done eating, you can get dressed.”

“O-okay… I got it.  I’ll um…”  Eva looked around the hallway around them.  “I’ll try to relax.”  She wasn’t sure how she could do that.  Her crush was recommending she stay undressed.  It was for different reasons than some that Eva may occasionally dream about, but it was still enough to make her heart flutter.

The two went aimlessly down the hallways of Rene’s house, as the blonde tried to remember which way they were supposed to go.  Even Eva was beginning to feel lost after a few different turns.  If they couldn’t find their way back to Eva’s room, then they couldn’t find her way back to her clothes.  Rene was leading her further and further from cover and seemed to be preventing any chance Eva had of changing her mind.

“I could have sworn the dining room was this way… or maybe it was this way?”  Rene looked down two different hallways.  “I’m sorry Eva, I know I look kind of stupid since I can’t find my own kitchen.”

“N-no, it’s fine… it’s fine.”  Eva said, instinctively bringing her arms to her breasts.  At the very least, Rene wasn’t focusing on her or how undressed she was.  If Rene could read her eyes or her guitar playing like a book, she didn’t want that girl looking at her more than she had to.

“I sort of hate this place, to be honest.  I’m barely here, maybe a month out of the whole year, and even then I’m usually in the studio.”  Rene explained.  “I got lost a few times…”  She bit her lip.  “I hate to admit it, but I think we’re lost right now.”

Eva looked around, not seeing any hallway that looked different from the next.  Just how big was this place?  She felt so vulnerable and weak without proper clothing.  It was too much, Eva couldn’t go any further.  “U-um… Rene, if we’re lost… then maybe we should try to go back?  I’m trying to relax… but… um…”

Rene paused.  “Wait…”  She held up her hand facing Eva as if to stop her.  The blonde closed her eyes and sniffed the air, taking a few steps closer towards one hallway.  “Ah ha!  I smell pancakes!”  She sniffed the air towards one hallway again.  “It’s this way!”

“But… but…”

“Let’s go, Eva!”  Rene said, waving at the meeker girl to follow her, and started a faster walk.

Eva wasn’t sure what to do.  She might be able to guess her way back to her room, but Rene was expecting her to follow, exactly as she was.  All alone with Rene, her dream lover,  in nothing but her underwear, and no easy way to get more clothes on her body.  The younger brunette cringed and glanced around, feeling like her vulnerability would be heightened if she were alone.

“W-wait up!”  Eva said, running down the hallway to follow Rene.

As Eva started to gain on Rene, the sweet aroma of pancakes began to weave around her nose as well.  They were either getting closer to the dining room where they were supposed to eat, or the kitchen where said pancakes were made.  Either way, Eva still felt like she wasn’t well dressed enough.

“Yes!  We’re almost there!”  Rene said.  “I really need to get a map for this stupid place.”  Ahead of her was the end of the hallway, leading to a more open dining room with a long table.  There was no time to count, but it looked like it had more than a dozen chairs alongside it.

Eva glanced around, still trying to keep her hands over her underwear.  “Um… isn’t this a little much?”

“Hey I didn’t furnish it,” Rene said, leading Eva to the table.  She picked a chair at the end of it and waved her hand towards the corner nearest to her.  “Alright, sit by me.  The chef will bring breakfast right to us if he didn’t get lost too.”

Eva approached slowly, glancing around.  The window in the dining room overlooked the front yard.  They could see the street, but it distant.  Was Eva safe from being seen?  What would people think if they saw a girl in her underwear running around a rock star’s house?

A finger snapped a few times in front of Eva’s face.  “Yo, Earth to Eva, if you aren’t in the Ultra Zone, you should have a seat,”  Rene said with a light laugh.

“Oh!”  Eva almost jumped in surprise.  She shook her head.  “R-right, I’m sorry… there’s just… a lot to take in.”  She pulled out a chair and felt its soft cushion and smooth leather welcome her undressed body.  With her lower half now hidden under the table, her arms focused their guard on her bra.  There was no easy way to navigate back to her clothes from here in this maze of a house, which only made her feel like she was more at Rene’s mercy.

“Are you alright?”  Rene said, leaning back in her chair.

“Y-yeah, I’m fine… it’s just… I’m just in my underwear… and this house is so confusing, and I’m um… not sure how to get back to my clothes.”  She blushed deeply while looking at the table in front of her.  How did she end up here?

“Right, right, I guess it’s a little awkward.  But like, if this helps you get into your dream state easier, it’ll be worth it.  I don’t wanna push you, but if you try to get used to… well, this,” she waved her hand gesturing towards Eva’s uncovered body.  “Faster, I’ll help you.”

Eva’s arms remained wrapped around her chest.  Getting used to running around in her underwear in front of Rene?  There was only one way to go further… part of her mind said to let Rene see, to not fight it.  The other part of her mind told her to get up and find her clothes.

“I’ll um… I wanna do this at my own pace…. Th-thanks.”  Eva replied, still sitting nervously.

“Right, right, I get why.  Don’t be afraid of exploring this though.  If anyone in here gives you trouble, you tell me.”  Rene looked at her seriously.  “I want you to be able to embrace this, find what makes you tick, and be able to play like that anytime you want.”

Eva’s mind was primarily centered on how she was dressed.  What little she understood from what Rene just said blended in a way that only made her blush harder.  She was encouraged to be undressed in front of her.  Rene wanted her to enjoy it.  And she was invited to depend on Rene for her freedom.  How was this real?  It seemed like Rene was just waiting for her to jump into her arms.

Mercy finally came when a nearby door opened, and chef rolled a cart out.  Both girls turned around looked towards the source of the sound.  The smell of pancakes became even stronger.  “Good morning, Rene.  I have breakfast for you and your-”  He paused, looking directly at Eva, seeming stunned.  “…Guest.”

“Ah!”  Eva gasped, and turned away, closing her eyes tight.  Now a chef had seen her in her underwear.  She quickly began to regret not staying dressed.  But then a warm hand was placed on her back, slowly rubbing up and down, fingertips barely brushing over her bra strap.

“Just chill,” Rene whispered to calm her.  “Ronnie, this is Eva.  She’s my guest, and she’s gonna be here a while.”

The hand left Eva’s back, and she heard Rene turn around.

“Don’t you DARE give her a hard time if you see her doing anything weird!”  Rene said, suddenly showing a much sharper tongue.  Eva turned around and saw Rene getting in the chef’s face with a finger pointed at him.  “It’s err… It’s an experiment!”

Ronnie was leaning back looking surprised.  “…Ooookay.  Not a peep about Eva doing weird things, understood.”  He stepped back and reached for the plates of pancakes on the cart.  “Would you or Eva like anything to drink with your pancakes?”

Eva watched in awe.  In truth, that chef was probably just caught off guard and didn’t mean any harm.  However, Rene seemed true to her word that she would make sure nobody would bother her about how she was dressed.  She showed more aggression than her angel counterpart, but it was still comforting to see Rene be protective of her.

“I’ll have some orange juice.”  Rene got back in her seat and looked at Eva.  “Eva, want a drink?”

“O-oh, yes, please.  I’ll um… also have orange juice.”  Eva replied.  She took a look at the hot breakfast put in front of her, and soon the cool drink placed next to it.

“Ladies, if you need anything else, just call me,” Ronnie said.

“Rest of the band is dropping by later, so be ready for lunch,” Rene said, drizzling some syrup over her pancakes as the chef pushed his cart out of the room.  Then Rene offered it to Eva.

Eva’s shaking hand took the syrup and let it slowly pour over her meal, and then set it aside.  Hunger wouldn’t easily overcome embarrassment, but it made its presence felt.  So with her arms preoccupied with a fork and knife, the all-important duty of covering her breasts fell onto her bra.

As Rene had promised, the pancakes actually were delicious.  Better than any that Eva had in her life.  Still, her near nudity was distracting.  She glanced towards Rene, who seemed to be paying no mind to anything other than her meal.  It wasn’t like Eva had never eaten breakfast in her sleepwear before, but to do so in her dream lovers house was making it difficult to concentrate.

Before long, both of them had finished eating.  Rene took a look at her phone and sipped her orange juice.  “Mmm,”  she finished swallowing.  “The girls will be here pretty soon.”

Eva’s eyes widened.  “Soon?  How soon?  I… I can’t meet them like this!”  Her arms returned to their covering position.  Rene wouldn’t make her practice in just her underwear, would she?  That would seem too much for her… but… if Rene wanted that…

“Don’t wanna do the underwear thing?”  Rene said.  She gave Eva a warm smile with a blush over her own.  Were her eyes wandering Eva’s body?  “Nobody knows your secret yet, so you can get dressed if you want.  I’ll leave that up to you.  But like, if you put on a brave face in front of the band, maybe that’ll help out?”

“W-what?”  Eva was shocked.  “I-I can’t!  Just doing this in front of you is a lot!”

“Okay okay, I get it.”  Rene giggled.  “That is a lot to put on you, you’re right.  Would you be willing to at least talk about it with the others?”

Eva blushed even further.  Did Rene want to reveal the secret to how she played?  “I-I’m sorry… I… I can’t…”

“No worries then.  I want to make this easier for you.”  She sipped the last of her orange juice.  “I can’t let your talent go to waste.”  Rene set the glass down and stood up.  “Alright, let’s go find out where they put your suitcases with all your stuff.”

With breakfast now only lingering on her breath, Rene led Eva through the halls of her house, opening doors at random.  Each time a door opened, Eva watched in anticipation hoping to see a pile of bags thrown in the middle.  One room had nothing, another had a desk.  Others had guest beds.

“Damn it, I’m sorry Eva.  I hate this fucking house!”  Rene stomped her foot.  “It’s gotta be somewhere…”

“W-well, what about the room I slept in?  I can just wear what I had yesterday!”  Eva suggested, sounding increasingly desperate.  In her dreams, Rene was a sort of guardian angel.  And while she seemed to be voluntarily taking that role without even being aware of it, Rene was much more successful at the job when she had angel wings.

“We’re running out of doors to check.  We have to find it sooner or lat-”  Rene was interrupted by the sound of a screeching guitar blaring out of an unworthy speaker.  She paused and reached into her pocket and withdrew her phone.  “Hello?  Oh really?  Well, I can meet you in a minute I’m just… well me and Eva just ate, we’re just…”  She glanced at Eva.

“No no no!”  Eva whispered.  She didn’t know exactly who Rene was talking to, but all signs pointed to it being some other member of the band.  “Don’t tell them what’s going on… please!”  She begged.

Rene held up a finger to hush Eva.  “Just hanging out.  Eva’s still gotta grab a shower, but I can meet you guys by the front door.  Uh huh… yeah alright.  See you in a bit.”  She hit the button on her phone.  “Damn it!  They’re here!”

“R-Rene!  I… I can’t let them see me like this!”  Eva said, glancing all around.  Facing the entire band in just her underwear?  She couldn’t do it!  Rene didn’t seem to have any control over anything!

“I know, I know!  Alright… let me think…”  She closed her eyes and waved her hands in front of herself.  “We were in the dining room… we went two hallways over… how many more rooms do we need to check… there’s…”  She gritted her teeth.  “You know what, fuck it.  We’ll never find your clothes in time.  I got a better idea.”

Never find her clothes!?  All she had was her underwear!  “Rene!”  Eva said, about to start panicking.

“Chill!  I have a plan!  I should have thought of this sooner.  It does involve you going alone though.  I have to stall them.”  Rene put her hands on Eva’s shoulders and looked directly at her.  “It’s easy..  Go upstairs, and you’ll find a line of duct tape on the floor.  Follow it, and it’ll lead you to my room.”

“Duct tape?”  Eva couldn’t prepare for today.  There was just no way to do that.  And what was with the duct tape?

“Yeah.  I got sick of getting lost, so I laid one out that leads to my room.”  Rene glanced down one of the hallways.  “They think you’re showering right now, so you have a little time.  I have a personal bathroom you can use.  Wash up and just borrow some of my clothes.  Casual stuff’s in the dresser by the window.”  Rene explained quickly.  “Borrow whatever you need from there.”

“But… but…”

“There’s no time for buts, just get your butt upstairs and follow the duct tape trail,” Rene said quickly, as she turned and started briskly walking down one of the hallways.

It was a passing comment, and there was no doubt that Rene merely meant to push Eva to move quick.  Eva couldn’t avoid thinking about how Rene had mentioned her butt though.  Rene had just offered a shower,  some of her own clothing to borrow, and even a safe place to run to.

A place that was safe enough to be naked.

Eva shook her head, feeling her face get hotter with blush.  She wanted to get there as quick as she could, but first, she had to find those stairs.  The barely dressed girl started to run in any direction that seemed to lead somewhere, taking many twists and turns, starting to feel more and more hopelessly lost.  With no sense of where she was, she couldn’t navigate back to her original room.  She had to find those stairs before the rest of the band saw her.

Eventually, Eva did find a set of stairs.  Without any hesitation, she began climbing them, keeping one hand on the handrail, while the other contained her chest.  Eva felt more exposed and vulnerable as she ascended the steps, especially without Rene there to watch her back.  When she reached the top, she noticed a few gray rectangles on the ground, forming the shape of an arrow, pointing down one of the hallways.

She never thought she would be so happy to see duct tape.  Eva began following the directions it pointed to, before discovering another arrow.  Before long, she was led to a straight line.  After a couple of more turns, the duct tape finally stopped, pointing to a door.  That had to be it.  It was THE door.

Eva looked all around her to make sure she was alone.  She took a deep breath and tried to get ready for what she was about to see, and what she had to do.  This was Rene’s room, where she slept, where she prepared for each day.  She couldn’t even begin to imagine what the room was really like.  Eva took a deep breath, opened the door, and stepped inside.

In truth, Eva didn’t have any idea what to expect out of Rene’s room, but it wasn’t this.  Rene’s room was far from being considered tidy in its current state.  Posters of various musicians decorated the walls.  A guitar stand with a simple red guitar was near the bedside, and a small pile of guitar picks sat atop the nightstand.  Empty drink cans and bottles littered the floor, a mess of blankets sat on the bed.  Towels were lazily tossed on the ground near the dresser.

It wasn’t exactly a far cry from how Eva’s own bedroom at home looked.  She wasn’t particularly tidy herself, but this room was something special.  Eva took a few steps further into the room, just taking in the strange experience.  Rene invited her here.  Despite the mess that it was, Eva was able to let her guard down and smile.  Near the bed was a photo framed of the whole band playing together atop a small stage.

The brunette wanted to take a closer look until she felt her foot hook into something.  Whatever it was, it wasn’t heavy or hard, but it was there, and it shouldn’t be.  Eva looked down and saw she had stepped into a discarded pair of panties on the floor.

Eva’s eyes widened and the red color on her face intensified.  Those were a pair of Rene’s panties!  “Ahhh!  O-oh my gosh!”  She tried to step out of them and shook her leg to get them away.  Those weren’t hers!  She shouldn’t be touching something like that!  Those were the panties of a goddess!  Her efforts to shake them off proved futile as she lost balance and fell into the bed.  The soft mattress and thick blankets cushioned her fall, but she was left face up and very exposed to the rest of the room.  Finally, after kicking her leg around, the panties slid off her ankle and flew elsewhere, landing in a heap beside some other presumably dirty laundry.

Eva put her hands over her mouth and blushed brightly.  Rene’s panties had touched her leg.  She was nearly naked in Rene’s room.  She shifted around and climbed out of bed, and saw the bathroom door.

“Right…”  Eva took a breath.  “Shower.”  She tried to calm herself down, now being more mindful of her steps so as not to step into any other personal items.

The bathroom itself was better organized than the bedroom was.  This seemed to be in part thanks the laundry chute, so old clothes didn’t pile up.  Clean towels were visible in a small closet, so Eva took one and set it by the shower.

She shivered.  Eva knew she had permission to come into Rene’s room and use her stuff, but that didn’t make it feel less weird.  Especially since she was going to have to take her bra and panties off to properly wash up.  It wasn’t just any bathroom, it was Rene’s personal bathroom.

Eva hesitated for a moment longer, before reaching behind her back.  Her face couldn’t get much redder, and her breathing was already labored.  There was a snapping noise and a loss of tension, as one arm returned to her now slack bra.  She supported it but then finally let it fall into her arm, freeing her chest.  The bra was placed near the sink, and Eva looked at herself in the mirror.

Her hair looked disorganized, and she still looked a little drowsy.  It made sense, she didn’t get much sleep.  That shower was sounding a little more tempting.  She looked down at her panties.  When those came off, she would be naked in Rene’s personal bathroom.  Completely naked, and helpless, dependant on Rene for comfort.  Upon looking at the reflection, she noticed a tiny wet spot near the front of her underwear.

Eva gasped and turned away, before looking down to confirm the truth.  She was wet.  Just thinking about being under Rene’s watchful eye was making her aroused.  All Eva could think about how helpless she was becoming.  She couldn’t let Rene know how she felt or what she wanted.  Preserving that secret prevented a problem though.  While the moisture between her legs could be washed away, the panties were still evidence that something was happening.

She looked at the laundry chute and bit her lip.  Rene mentioned having a maid, so she could put her underwear in there and have them washed without Rene knowing.  But that meant she would also have to borrow underwear from Rene.  That would be weird for sure… but she hoped it would be less strange than being noticeably aroused.

She stretched the elastic of her panties, and they began to descend her legs.  Eva stepped out of them, feeling like she was about to fall apart.  What if Rene came back and found her like this?  She was already encouraged to try going nude and given permission to be here, but Eva’s brain was still creating hypothetical reactions where she’d be called a freak.

Eva held her panties in her hand, while her heart was racing.  She was naked in Rene’s bathroom.  It was really happening.  She had to hide any sign of being aroused, so with a heavy breath, she took both her underwear and dropped them into the laundry chute.  Part of her thought she would regret doing that, but there was no choice now.

She turned her attention to the shower.  Eva tried not to think about the growing slickness between her thighs and turned the water on.  Cold water.  That would help her body calm down.  The chilling downpour was a shock to her body, and it almost made her jump away, but she reminded herself she needed to cool off.

Her senses were heightened, leaving her unable to ignore even one drop that graced her skin.  Droplets would hit her face, before running down her body, changing its path with every curve it met, mixing with another fluid when it reached her thighs.  The shower head was detached, and Eva took a deep breath before aiming the cold stream directly between her legs.

She almost yelped, but barely managed to keep her composure.  It was hard to tell if the rinse was helping.  Adrenaline felt like it was still flowing through her, her heart was racing, and the light impact made of the water directly into her heated lips was very noticeable.  However, it did feel like the cold water was starting to win out, and her arousal began to fade.

Eva sighed and smiled.  Finally, something went right.

The shower was turned off, and she began to dry herself with the fluffy bath towel.  She didn’t exactly feel much more awake than she did before, but she certainly did feel calmer.  Eva took her time drying off, wrapped the towel around herself, and tried to prepare for what she was going to do next.  Borrow some of Rene’s clothes.

She slowly made her way back out into Rene’s bedroom, still feeling uneasy.  The effects of the cold shower didn’t feel like they were lasting long at all as her body temperature recovered  Eva tried to ignore them and push past it.

“The dresser by the window…”  Eva glanced around and saw on the other side of the room, the dresser was located by the window just as Rene described.  Between her and the dresser, was Rene’s bed.  Common sense said to just walk around it, but thoughts of vulnerability crept back into Eva’s mind.

And vulnerability was in love with desire.

Clad in only a towel, Eva took a glance at Rene’s door to confirm it was shut.  Against better judgment, she climbed up on the bed on her hands and knees.  Keeping the towel in place felt strange in this position, but she certainly did like the feel of the bed itself.  It reminded her of her dream, how they had found a cloud just for the two of them.

“Mmm…”  Eva closed her eyes, as a smile took over her face.  Instead of focusing on getting to the dresser, she seemed more content to crawl around Rene’s bed.  The towel wasn’t wound around her in the firmest way it could be.  She laid on her back, letting her head find Rene’s pillow.  Her lack of sleep made this bed all the more inviting as if it was Rene’s own loving embrace.  Her hand slipped under the towel to let it open.

Gliding hands massaged her breasts, and her breathing became heavy.  “Rene… please…”  She blushed deeply, imagining her lover taking a position above her.  Suddenly, Eva shook her head.  She looked between her legs and saw she was quickly getting moist.

“Focus… focus… get dressed!”  She swung her legs over the side of the bed closer to the dresser and stood up.  Eva picked up her towel and carefully patted herself between her legs.  That needed to stop sooner rather than later.

After another sigh, Eva finally forced herself to open one of Rene’s drawers.  First, she found one that had a variety of t-shirts.  The naked girl made a blind pick and set a blue one on the bed.  Next drawer had some regular jeans.  Eva hoped they would fit.  Socks were abundant in a lower drawer, which made her wonder about shoes.  There seemed to be a few pairs in front of the closet.  Maybe Rene wouldn’t mind?

After checking a couple of more drawers, she found one that had Rene’s panties and another that held her bras.  Could she do it?  Rene’s breasts seemed a little larger than Eva’s, would one it even fit?  Rene did say she could borrow anything she needed, but it felt so weird to borrow underclothing from someone else, much less her crush.

The pile of clothing she selected grew slightly, and then she shut all the drawers.

Although the bra felt a little loose, it was relatively secure around Eva’s chest.  The shoes felt a little strange in the same way, but Eva could deal with it.  The rest of her wardrobe fit without much issue, but she was still in disbelief that she even had to resort to this.  Eva made a note to try and find her regular clothes when the rest of the band was done practicing.  She took a deep breath, gave the bed a disappointed glance, and left Rene’s room.
