

I received a call at my office one morning not long ago from a lady who began by saying she wanted to hire me as she was seeking revenge.

Quite freightening to say the least, as I'm not by any stretch of the imagination one of those types, if you know what I mean.  Me, I just run a simple business doing what I love best, photography.  You know, pictures of dogs, cats, people, families and yes even the weddings and bar mitzvah too.

I was however somewhat intrigued by the phone call, so rather than just say wrong number and hang up, I explained that I thought she had dialed wrong as this was a photo studio.  Yes, she said, I know, and I want to hire you.

Maybe I didn't understand, I replied, but I thought you said revenge.  Yes I did, said the voice on the other end.  I want to be certain that my bastard ex-husband knows just what he missed out on, she said.

Okay, I said, but I still don't quite understand...  Look, she began cutting me off, I was married to him for over 30 years and for the last 10 he didn't once touch me, show me any affection, or even once made a sexual advance.  Then I caught him watching porn on his computer and jerking off.  He didn't say a word to me, just pretended like it didn't happen.

I tried, oh how I tried, to flirt, make advances even offered to play some sex games or visit a topless beach, but he wouldn't have anything to do with it.  Then all of a sudden I'm served with divorce papers and he's off with his bimbo girlfriend 15 years his junior.

We settled our affairs and he was quite generous, I must tell you, so money is not an object for me and I'm willing to spend some for my revenge, she said, adding, the sweetest part is that bimbo is gone, move out on him and he's been calling me wanting to return.

So, what is the problem, I asked?  Well, I'm not taking him back, but want him to forever know what he walked out on, she said.  And that brings you here, I questioned?

Yes, she said.  I want to hire you and anyone else necessary to photograph me having sex and doing everything and anything.  I'll then let the bastard know what he walked out on and will never be able to have again.

I sat there in stunned silence not knowing what to say.  Are you there, the voice asked.  Yes, I said, I'm just, well I really don't know where or how to proceed.  Are you interested in the job, she asked. 

Yes, I suppose so, I said, but I don't even know who I'm speaking with.  I'm sorry, she said, I'm Carol, Carol VanHallen, does the name ring a bell.  Yes, I said, I know the family name.  Good she said, then you know I'm for real and you're welcome to check some of the local newspapers for my photo at various functions and events.

And how are you proposing to proceed, I asked, especially in this town where you're so well known.  Well discreetly, I trust, she said.  Then added, obviously my partners would have knowledge, as would you, but I'm sure that can all be taken care of.

Partners,  just what are you planning I asked.  Oh, I'm sorry, she said, this won't be just a one event thing.  No, there will be several different encounters for you to record, that is, if you're interested and available, she added.

At that moment I really didn't know what to think   A voice on the phone, the offering of money, sex and who knows what else.  Was this woman an escapee from the local loony farm or what.  So I said that I would be interested and where do we go from here.

She suggested that I stop by her house the following afternoon and we'd discuss it.  After getting the address and phone number, I had nothing to do except wait for the next afternoon.

At 1:30 the next afternoon I rang the doorbell and waited.  As the door opened I was greeted by a well groomed lady who thrust out her hand saying, Hi, I'm Carol, won't you please come in.

Closing the door behind me, she guided me to a sitting room off the foyer and invited me to be seated.  Then standing in the middle of the room, she asked as she turned around, well what do you think, would you like to fuck me?

I nearly fell out of the chair, I really didn't know if this was a crazy woman, a trap, or what the hell was going on.  My reply was, yes under the right circumstances.

And what is that suppose to mean, she asked.  I don't know, I replied.  I just arrived, walked into your home haven't been here but a minute at the most and you ask a question like that.  I don't know what to think or react, I said.  Besides, I thought I was here to discuss your project and, my voice trailed off.

Well, I want to know that your for real and I want you to know that I'm for real also, said Carol.  

That's fine, I said, now before anything else, how about telling me what is going on here.  As I told you on the phone, the SOB didn't pay any attention to me for years, then he dumps me for some kid.  She in turn has dumped him and now he wants me back, which isn't going to happen.  All those years, I was quiet and polite, not pushing anything.  I dressed and acted like a lady.  Now, I've got over half his money, and suddenly he wants me back after baby face left him.  

So, what exactly do you want, I asked.  I want you to photograph me every which way possible as I'm being fucked, said Carol.  And you said partners, more than one, I said.

Yes, she said.  You know, having money is nice.  You can pretty much buy what you want and so I've done just that, she said.  I've made arrangements with partners and if you'll agree, then everything will be ready.  My dream moment will be to imagine watching ass holes face when he see me and knows that he will never ever be able to have me.

I have a married couple, 1 young man and 1 older man, said Carol.  You've been with these people before, I asked.  No, that's the sweet part.  I've never been with anyone other than my ex, except following my settlement, I went to the beach and got picked up at dinner by a man who was a salesman and traveling through town.  Wasn't great sex, matter of fact, he was finished in a few minutes, had his pants on and headed out the door before the second hand moved to another minute.

Okay, I said, and why the partners you choose?  I told you my ex watched porn and sometimes I caught him doing so, replied Carol.  Each of the partners represent his favorite porn story, she said.

Okay, I said, now I'm beginning to understand.  You want me to film or photograph you playing the part of the porn star who your husband, I mean ex-husband, liked to watch.  Yes, said Carol, but I'm going to be adding to it by talking directly to him also.

Interesting, I said, and these partners, they all know about this and are agreeable to be photographed?  For the most part, yes, said Carol.  They all have contracts, releases and will be paid for their time and effort not to mention the sex.

Now, what about you, she asked, are you interested?  Yes, certainly, I said.  Very well, said Carol, here is my offer to you.  I'll pay you $500 per session, so that's $1500, plus reimburse you for the supplies. 

Supplies, I asked?  Yes, any photographic materials you may need, to complete the jobs.  So you're talking about tapes, prints and stuff like that, I said.  Yes, that's correct, said Carol.

And, she continued, as a fringe benefit, you can have me whenever you're here, she said, then asked, how will that be?  All depends on how good you are, and what you have to work with, I replied.

Well, said Carol, I'm 57 years old, and I've got the usual to work with, but I must tell you that I haven't been used in a while, so I expect I've got a few good turns left in me, that is, once I get going again.

Works for me, I said, so why don't we start with your tits, then we'll see if sucking my cock gets your panties wet.  My my, said Carol, you are direct, aren't you.  

Yes, I said, now lets see what you've got in there for me to play with, pointing to her blouse.  Right now, right here she questioned.  Sure, why not, I asked.  Well, I thought that maybe upstairs in the bedroom, she said.

Maybe later or next time, I said, right now though, show me your tits, I said.  I'm afraid you'll be disappointed, said Carol, as she began to undo her blouse.  Why do you say that, I asked as she slipped the blouse from her shoulders revealing a very sexy lacy bra?

Carol then reached behind her and began to unfasten the bra, as I asked her what size bra she wore.  38D was her reply as the straps swung free and she moved her arms to her shoulders and peeled the fabric away from her body freeing her tits from the confines of the bra.

As her tits bounced free, I said, that she was so very wrong, I'm not at all disappointed and motioned her to come closer to me.  When Carol stood in front of me, I reached under her skirt and moved my hand up her legs towards her panties.  A surprise gasp escaped her lips and my fingers pushed against the crotch of her panties.   

Been a while huh, I said.  Yes, said Carol, please don't stop, it feels so good to be touched and she in turn reached down and began rubbing my cock through my pants.  Please suck my tits as she thrust a nipple to my lips.  Latching on and beginning to suck on her, she moaned with delight, yes, wonderful, this feels so so good, don't stop.

I continued to suck on each tit and used my fingers to pull her panties aside so as to slip a finger into her wet pussy.  In a minute her skirt was gathered around my arm as she had unfastened it allowing it to attempt to fall free from her.  

I pulled my arm free and the skirt fell the remainder of the way to the floor leaving her in nothing but her musk smelling panties which I then pulled down exposing her totally to my gaze.

Undress me, I commanded her as I slipped my hand between her legs and began moving my thumb over her clit area.  Carol reached for my belt, unfastened it and then opened my pants and pushed them along with my shorts down about my knees.

As the elastic of the waistband hooked on my swollen cock it sprang free and sprang upwards almost slapping her face.  Carol grabbed my cock at the same time commenting that I was too big and would hurt her yet she continued to feel my cock and stare at the same time.

Suck my cock I said, as I pushed it towards her face.  No, you're too big, she said, I can't.  You can and you will, I said, as I shoved several fingers into her dripping hole.  

No, please, she begged, but with my free hand I grabbed one of her tits and began to squeeze and pinch her nipples.  Did I tell you your tits were too big, I asked?   No, she whispered as I stretched her nipple.  I will tell you though that you do have a hairy cunt and you're going to shave it bald, I said.

But before that, you're going to get my cock good and wet, and then I'm going to fuck you, I said as I jammed my cock into her pressed lips just as she was about to say something.

I carry a small digital camera in my shirt pocket, so I told Carol to look up and smile.  As she did so, I snapped a picture then a few more as she continued to give me a much needed blow job.

Finally, I lay on my back and had her straddle me as I took a few more photos of my cock knocking on her door and then part way home.

As Carol relaxed and slipped lower onto my cock, I pulled her forward so that her tits hung beneath her as she supported herself with hands on my shoulders.  Now this is good, I said, as I started to play with and nibble on her tits while she slammed into me. 

Shortly I could feel her muscles tighten around my cock and then she collapsed on top of me totally relaxed.  I wasn't quite finished, so I rolled her over, lifted her legs over my shoulders and began to fill her void slamming into her over and over again.

Now clean me up, I said afterwards.  No, use your mouth, I said.  Without a question being asked or an objection raised, Carol proceeded to lick me clean.

After showering and dressing, I reminded Carol that she needed to shave her pussy and then decide how and with whom to begin.  Carol decided that her 1st video partner would be the young man and the appointment was set.

5 days later I was once again at Carol's house awaiting the arrival of her 1st partner.  About 2:15 the doorbell rang and Carol went to answer it and then introduced James to me.  

James was about 20 or 21, tall, clean cut all American college guy.  Carol told James that I was there to film / record things and wanted to know if it was okay with him.  Guess so, he replied, then asked, what are we recording?  

Remember I told you that I'd pay you a thousand dollars to be honest with me, said Carol.  Yes, I remember, he replied.  Good, said Carol, then pointing to an envelope on the table said there are 10 one-hundred dollar bills in there, all I ask is your cooperation and honesty, fair enough?  Sure, sure said James.

Remember before you left for college and you use to do some work around the house.  Yes, said James.  Well my now ex, she continued, always use to make fun of me and was really quite verbally abusive.  He use to say that I wasn't attractive or anything and no man would be interested in me, so now I'd like to find out for certain, and we're going to record the truth, that is, if it's okay with you, she said.

Yea, sure said James.  So do you think I'm attractive, asked Carol?  Uh sure, said James.  That doesn't sound too convincing, said Carol.  I'm, I'm sorry, said James, I didn't mean...his voice trailed off.

That's okay, said Carol, but let me ask you if you think you might be more interested if I took off my top, and with that she quickly removed her top and stood there facing James in her lace bra.  This better, she asked?  

James swallowed hard, and nodded his approval.  You like big boobs, she asked?  James said in a horse whisper, yes.  Are mine big enough for you, asked Carol?
James nodded his head, as Carol continued.

My ex never really paid any attention to me, said Carol.  If I asked you, would you want to pay attention to me or do you think I'm too old or my boobs don't excite you?  

James came alive saying, no you've got nice tits.  They as big as your girl friends, asked Carol adding, you do have a girlfriend don't you.  Yes, but she's no where as big as you, said James.  

You have sex with her, asked Carol?  Sort of, said James. She won't go all the way, but we do a lot of touching and sometimes she uses her hand on me.  Would you like to touch me and have me touch you, asked Carol?

Yes, said James then he looked towards me and the camera.  Don't worry about that said Carol, just pay attention to me.

Carol then stepped closer to James and instructed him to remove her shorts.  Doing so, she now stood in her bra and panties and clasped James hand and moved it to her waist.

Do what you want, she said to him.  James moved his hands upwards and cupped her breasts quickly learning their shape and form as the bra held her in place.  He next ran his hands over her belly and between her legs where he used his wrist to rub and twist his arm against her.

Take your bra off, he said, and Carol reached behind and unhooked the fasteners freeing the back straps.  Here she said dropping the bra on him, and asking him if he likes her tits.  Yes, very much, he replies as he reaches to feel one.

My ex didn't like them.  Why don't you pretend he's here and 






 










Because, she said, I've got small titty's, as she unhooked her bra and removed it.  See, I told you, she said as she thrust her boobs in my direction.  Not that much there to fuck is there, she asked.

A titty fuck is fun, but you've got 2 other holes I haven't seen yet, and a 3rd one that hasn't performed yet either, so think the odds are still in favor of finding something, I said with a grin.

I like you, she said, now what about the job, you going to take it?  Yes, I said, now get out of your cloths.  

