Bob And The Girl Next Door
by Octave888888

Bob And The Girl Next Door Ch. 03

More shows through the window.

I slept fitfully that night. I kept dreaming of Anna undressing, touching herself, orgasming on my bed. I dreamt I was in the room, watching it happen. I woke up sweaty, with an erection. I was becoming obsessed with the eighteen-year-old temptress.

Still hard, I peeked out the window. For once, Anna's blinds were closed. But there was a piece of paper on her window. It was a note to me. It read: 'Enjoy the show?'

I was so busted. What happened next remained to be seen. Would she tell her mom? Would she call the cops? I needed to know how much trouble I was in. But I had work to do in the meantime. First, a cold shower to shrink my ever-present boner, at least temporarily.

Next, I called Linda's lawyer. I had no interest in talking to her directly. I told him in no uncertain terms that Linda would not be getting my dog, ever. She could take me to court again if she wanted, but there was no way I was giving up any rights to Bob.

Then I set up the new camera. I had no idea if Anna would put on a repeat performance in my bedroom, but if she did, I wanted to see it. I set it up on the dresser, across the room, hidden between two picture frames that sat there. Hopefully she wouldn't see it. I tested it on my tablet, and was able to see the video feed. It also had a microphone built in, so I was hoping to get some noises to accompany the video.

----

The next task was the one I was dreading. Anna had been laying outside most of the morning. It was like she was waiting for me. I had peeked out the window to see her in a sports bra and her short shorts.

I finally went outside, letting Bob out to do his business. Anna immediately saw me and waved. "Hi Grant!" She jumped up from her chair and jogged over to my yard.

I tried to watch Bob and not focus on Anna's hot teenage body. "Hi Anna."

"Nice day out, huh?"

"What? Oh yeah, really nice."

There was an awkward pause there, before she asked, "Were you watching me last night?"

Maybe she didn't see me peeking. "Watching you?" I asked, trying to play it off.

"Come on. I saw you last night." Anna put her hand on my arm, and then said a little quieter, "And you saw me."

I jerked my arm away. "I, uh, I, I don't know what you mean." I was visibly freaking out, and Anna knew it.

"It's okay, Grant," she told me, moving closer to me, giving me a sexy look. "I wanted you to see."

I was shaking with... fear? excitement? Some combination of the two was making me overstimulated. "I gotta go," I blurted out. "Come on Bob!" The dopey dog trotted after me and we went inside quickly, shutting the door behind me.

----

It took me a little while to calm down and realize I'd been super awkward. I needed to go back out and talk to Anna again. At the very least, I needed her to watch Bob while I was gone. That would be hard for both of us if I was freaking out.

I was grateful Anna was still outside when I returned to the yard. This time, she was lying on her stomach, her pert little behind pointing up. I walked over slowly, with Bob trailing behind me. Anna's head turned to me when we came close.

"Sorry I was weird earlier," I started. "I don't want things to be awkward."

Anna sat up. "I don't either. But to be honest, I thought it was hot being watched."

I wasn't sure what to say to that. "Yeah?" I managed to get out.

"Did you like watching me?"

I couldn't put together a convincing lie to get out of the question, so the truth slipped out. "Yeah."

"Same time tonight?" she said with a grin.

"Anna, I shouldn't have been watching you. I feel guilty watching a younger girl like you."

She pointed a finger and poked me in the chest. "Don't feel guilty. I am 18. And I wanted you to watch."

"You did?"

"Why do you think I switched rooms? Why do you think I left the blinds wide open?" Anna poked me again for each question. "Why did I keep going when I saw you?"

"Ummm..."

"Because I like you, Grant. I think you're cute."

"I'm 14 years older than you," I pointed out. "Shouldn't you go after a guy closer to your age?"

She huffed. "A high school boy, you mean? Why would I want a boy, when I've got a perfectly good man right next door?"

"But still..."

"And if you wanted someone your own age, you wouldn't be staring at my body right now."

She caught me staring again. I forced myself to look away. "Anna, it's still inappropriate. What would your mom think?" I was grasping at straws.

"My mom doesn't need to know," Anna answered flippantly. That did answer one of my questions: she hadn't ratted me out to her mom. This was still a secret between the two of us.

"What I really need to know right now," I said, changing the subject, "is if we're still okay enough for you to watch Bob in a few days."

"Of course! I love Bob." Bob flopped over on his back, and Anna scratched his belly. "Nothing has changed on that topic."

I was relieved. "Good. Thank you again."

"But maybe Bob's not the only one who needs his belly scratched," Anna said to me coyly.

"I'm uh, I'm good. I'll talk to you later," I said, and made a hasty exit before Anna could hit me with more innuendo.

----

It was still Friday, so I tried to get some work done. It was hard, since I kept thinking about Anna. But I did make some progress. I'd have to do a little bit more tomorrow to prepare for my upcoming trip to Phoenix, but I'd be ready.

I cooked myself dinner and ate alone. I fed Bob and let him out. I watched a little TV. There was a cute little blonde girl on the show, and it made me think of Anna. I changed the channel. Different show, different young blonde actress, still reminding me of Anna. I shut the TV off, a little frustrated and disgusted. I was dangerously becoming obsessed.

I went up to my room. I could see from the ambient glow behind my blinds that Anna's lights were on and her blinds were probably open again. I tried to resist. I went to the bathroom and washed my face, brushed my teeth, used the toilet. I went back to the bedroom and found myself slowing gravitating towards the window. I was helpless.

When I got to my little spy-hole, I gasped from the view. Anna was completely naked, on her knees, with her rear end facing me. Her hand was reaching behind her, dipping her fingers into her sopping wet cunt. The light glistened off the moisture as it ran down from her center, illuminating a tiny trickle down her left leg.

I looked beyond her, and saw her face in a small hand mirror that was propped up on her pillow. The eyes I saw in that mirror were looking back at me. I knew that she knew I was watching. And oh, was I watching. I slipped out of my boxer shorts, freeing my firmly horizontal dick.

I gripped myself and watched her work her fingers in and out of her pussy. I watched her face in her mirror, alternating between open-mouth gasping and biting her cute lip. Faster and faster she frigged herself, and faster and faster my hand stroked my erection. I couldn't hear anything, but based on the amount of juices visible, I was sure there had to be some sloppy wet noises. I imagined myself in her room, watching her, listening to her moan, then I pictured myself standing behind her, pushing my way into her tight wet hole....

She came at that moment, and so did I. I aimed my load at the floor, getting most of it on the boxers that were still at my feet. Anna collapsed onto her bed. I continued to watch. All of sudden, Anna pulled the bedsheets over her naked body, just in time for her mother Olivia to walk in. I quickly jumped away from the window.

I peeked a minute later, seeing Olivia leaving, and turning off the bedroom light. My guess was that Anna had made enough noise to draw her curious mother's attention. The girl's room was only dark for a minute though, as Anna clicked on a small bedside lamp. She pulled out her cellphone, and it looked like she was thumbing out a message. When she finished, she put the phone down and looked back at the window, where I stood.

Across the room, my phone buzzed. I retrieved it to see a text from Anna. It read, 'It was so hot, knowing you were watching' followed by a few kissy-face emojis.

I knew I should ignore it, and try to pretend I hadn't seen her. But I responded. I texted back, 'Very hot. Noisy? Saw your mom.'

'She heard my voice. I told her I was on the phone with a friend.'

I thought about it. Anna was clearly into this. So was I. Could I ask for requests? I texted her, 'Tomorrow night, call me and leave your phone on. I want to hear you.'

She saw my text and her grin got extremely wide. She messaged me back, 'That would be hot. Tomorrow, same time. Nighty-night.' Then she flipped off her light and the room went dark again.

I cleaned up my mess on the floor and laid down on my bed. My dick was amazingly rock hard again, despite having just come, as I thought of tomorrow night's show.

----

Saturday morning, I tried my best to put Anna out of my mind, and I finished my work before noon. Then I packed my bags. I was ready for my flight on Sunday. I'd have to be in Phoenix from Sunday night through Tuesday, arriving back late on Tuesday night. I was grateful that I'd found a helpful hand in Anna, to take care of Bob. He'd be a handful if I had to take him to a pet hotel. Bob didn't listen to many people outside of me, but he listened to Anna.

Around lunch time, I made a sandwich and took it outside. Of course, Anna was outside on her lawn chair, but a little more conservatively dressed than normal. She was wearing a tank top, with a bra this time, and shorts that reached her mid-thigh. The bigger surprise was that Olivia was laying in a chair next to her, similarly dressed. I marvelled at how they looked alike. Olivia's chest was a little larger than her daughter's A cup, but they were roughly the same height, same hair color. Both had their blonde hair pulled into a pony tail and wore dark sunglasses. Looking at them side by side, it was clear that Anna was a younger version of her lovely mother.

They heard me come outside. Or more accurately, they heard Bob noisily running around the yard. They both looked up to see me. "Day off?" I called over to Olivia.

"Yes, thank God," she replied. "Anna and I are spending the day together. First some sun, then shopping." Anna nodded with a smile.

"Sounds like fun," I told them. Olivia laid back down, staring at the sky. Anna regarded me for another few seconds, then did the same.

I'd wanted to talk to Anna privately, but there was no way to do that with her mother nearby, and if they were going out later, that also prevented a conversation. Like she was reading my mind, Anna's arm stuck out and pointed to her phone, which lay on the grass nearby. She was telling me to text her if I wanted to talk. It was safer to do that anyway, I realized. Talking out loud could be overheard, but texting was silent.

As I ate, I got a call from an unknown number. Against my better judgement, I answered it. "Hello?"

"Hi Grant, it's me."

My face wrinkled in anger. "What do you want, Linda?" Anna's head popped up, recognizing the name, suddenly interested in my conversation.

"You know what I want, Grant. I want to see Bob."

"And I told you no. What do you want to see him for anyway? He never listened to you." I knew Anna and Olivia were both listening now. Anna was whispering to her mother, probably filling her in on the whole Linda story.

"He was my dog too. If you don't let me see him..." she started to threaten.

"You'll do what? Take me back to court? He's my dog, and I'm not giving him up, especially not to you." I looked down and saw Bob's dopey grin.

Linda was irritated. "Grant, don't make me..."

I cut her off again, "Goodbye Linda." I ended the call before she could finish. I looked over at Anna. Her usual sexy smile was replaced with a look of concern. I huffed a sigh, and she laid down again. Again, I thought about how lucky I was to have Anna to dog-sit for me. Otherwise, Linda would probably try to demand that she watch him while I was out of town.

----

That afternoon, I got a text from Anna. I presumed she was still out with her mother. The message said, 'Maybe you should open your blinds tonight.'

I thought about that. I was sure Anna wanted to watch me as much as I wanted to watch her. After all, I had the advantage; I'd seen her but she hadn't seen me. But I realized that if Olivia suddenly came into Anna's room again, she'd go nuclear if she saw me across the way, stroking my salami to her daughter's naked body.

I texted her back: 'Don't think so. Hard to explain if your mom walked in again.'

Anna's response was a frowning emoji, accompanied with, 'OK, you're probly right.'

I thought our conversation was over, until Anna sent me a picture. From the background, I could see she was in a dressing room at the mall. She was wearing a bikini swimsuit. The attached message was, 'You like?' I responded with a thumbs up. Olivia would probably hesitate to buy her daughter a suit like that, but it looked cute on her, and showed off her flat belly and long legs.

Her next message was: 'OMG she bought it for me! Mom says we're going to the beach for a few days next month, and I can wear it there.'

'Maybe wear it out in your back yard?' I asked.

'Maybe' she responded with a winking emoji face. 'Going to a movie now, talk later.'

I looked at the picture again. Anna didn't have much for cleavage, but the tiny blue bikini top showed plenty of what she did have. Her bottoms had ties on the hips, and I envisioned being the one to untie them for her.

----

That night, I waited for the call. It finally came around 11:30. Anna whispered into the phone, "I had to wait for Mom to go to bed. She should be asleep by now. Are you at the window?"

I walked up to my bedroom, and wiggled the blinds a little. "I am now," I answered quietly. I peeked through the little hole in the blinds and saw her across the way. In her ear was an earphone, which I assumed was connected to her phone. Clever, I thought, so she could hear me and her mom couldn't. She was wearing a thin little tanktop, but with the way her nipples were visibly hard, it was clear she wasn't wearing a bra. She was also wearing another pair of those short shorts; these were pink with little red hearts on them. "I like your little shorts," I told her.

"Thanks," she whispered. "What do you want me to do?"

I hadn't really thought it through, but I said what I wanted first. "I want you to take off your clothes for me." She quickly stripped off her tank top, showing me her bare breasts. Her hands slid down from her neck, over her breasts and stomach, to her waist, and then slid inside her shorts. She lifted her hips and slid them off, down her legs. She was now nude for me.

"What next?"

"No more talking," I said. "I'll whisper into your ear. Close your eyes." She did without objection. "I'm your inner voice," I told her. "I'll tell you what to do. I'll guide your hands for you. Now, lay back and spread your legs."

She did, spreading to display her sweet peach for my view. "Run your fingers over your slit," I told her, and watched her do it. "You're so wet. Feel your juices flowing already. I bet you taste delicious. Taste yourself."

Her fingers left her pussy and went into her mouth, her eyes still closed. "Nod your head if you taste good." She nodded. "Put your hand back, and push a finger inside." She did, and I saw her bite her lip a little. "You're so wet and tight. Use your other hand to rub your clit." Her left hand now went to her sensitive little bundle of nerves, and started rubbing it slowly. "Put another finger inside." Now Anna had two fingers inside her snatch, with her other hand applying friction to her clit. I felt the pressure of my pants, so I unzipped them and released my erection.

"Fuck yourself with your fingers. Faster. Deeper." It was amazing to be controlling her movements from a distance. She kept her eyes closed the whole time, and she had small moans that I heard from the phone. It was one of the most erotic things I'd ever experienced. "Rub your clit faster." Her left hand started moving much more quickly, and I was pretty sure she was getting close, as her back started to arch, and her noises became louder and more frequent. "Come for me," I commanded, and to my astonishment, she did. She let out a loud gasp, and she rolled onto her side, both hands still between her legs.

"Get your vibrator." Anna's eyes opened, realizing we weren't done just yet. She dug in a nearby drawer and held it up for me to see. "Turn it on and tease your nipples with it." She twisted it, and I heard the tiny hum through her cell's microphone. She drew it across her chest, teasing her right nipple, then her left, then right again, then left again. "Touch it to your clit now," I told her. Her eyes were still open, and was looking straight at where I was. She ran the vibrator down her stomach to her still-wet pussy, and lightly pressed it to her clit. She flinched when it made contact, but she held it there. "Hold it tighter." She applied more force, and again, she bit her lip in concentration and arousal.

Then I instructed her. "You want a dick inside you. Nod if you do." She made an exaggerated nod. I wrapped my hand around myself and started stroking. "Pretend your vibrator is a dick, and put it inside." She closed her eyes and slid it from her clit and pushed it into her tight little flower. She gasped again, trying to get it all inside of her. "That's it, push it all the way in. Now, draw it out, and back in again." My voice guided her hands as she slowly fucked herself with her vibe, in and out, her little moans getting gradually more intense. "Nod if this dick feels good in you." Again, a very exaggerated nod of her head. I was feeling the same kind of good feelings. "Are you close, baby?" Her eyes shot open again, as I realized too late I'd called her 'baby'. It had been just me telling her what to do, but now I'd used a term of endearment, and she liked it. I have to admit, I liked it too. My cock throbbed in my hand, ready to go at any moment.

"I'm so close," she whispered, keeping eye contact with my window.

"Do you want to cum now?" I asked.

She fervently nodded. "Please, let me cum. Please."

"Cum now," I said, and she gave a semi-loud gasp, and her muscles all spasmed. From what I could see, it was a pretty big climax. She rolled on her side again, and almost fell off the bed. The sight was so erotic, I came too. This time, I had been prepared with a towel nearby, that I drenched with my semen.

"Good girl," I told her. "You're so hot."

Anna was trying to catch her breath. "That was amazing. So, so kinky."

"Sleep well. I'll talk to you tomorrow," I told her.

"Good night," she whispered, and ended the call. I caught her with a relieved, post-sex grin before she reached over and turned out the light.

