The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com
Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance.
 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 4

Reflections and Mary

After completing the long message from Uncle Bert which he had programmed her to
give me, Andy went into her inactive phase, her head falling to her chest. I called her
name.  She awakened dazed, as if she had been asleep a long time, and stiff from
kneeling. I carried her into the bedroom, letting her sleep while I thought about what I had
heard.  

The message had shocked me as nothing in my short life.  First was the fact the man I
had always known as Uncle Bert was really my biological father. That explained a lot. I
now knew why I always felt so close to Uncle Bert. It was his genes - his kookie genes -
in my bones.  It also explained why my mother and father never complained about what
Uncle Bert did with me.  

Mom and dad had always been very careful and protective about their children.  Yet,
when I told dad Uncle Bert and I had shacked up with the same three women for two
weeks in my fourteen summer, his only comment was, "Great. Hope you enjoyed it."

I tried to visualize my mother as Uncle Bert had described her.  In my mind, mom was
neither a mom nor a woman. She was the stereotypical biochemist, even using a lab coat
instead of an apron in the kitchen.  I could not imagine her as a hot woman, naked and
being fucked by Uncle Bert, or even dad, for that matter.  

I could see my sister Cathy as a call girl.  She was one of those women who oozed sex
like lava oozing from a volcano - hot, liquid, unavoidable and deadly.  I bet Cathy could
literally fuck a man to death and both of them enjoy it immensely. And, she was only
seventeen. 

I certainly could not see the twins, Abby and Betty, being very sexy, although Uncle Bert
said he certainly enjoyed them. And, I did know a few cousins I was going to try out as
soon as I could.

Mind control.  Unbelievable.  Really unfuckingbelievbable!  I almost did not want to
pursue the treasure hunt.  Uncle Bert was right.  That much power in my hands could
destroy me and civilization as we know it.  Why did I need it?  I had $20 million, Andy
and her mother as sex slaves, and access to 3,000 other woman already preprogrammed
to fuck me any time I wanted it, a ranch in Glenwood Springs, big homes in Aspen and
Vail, and my health.  

If I ignored Andy and her mother (fat chance of that), it would take me 8.2 years to fuck all
the others if I did one a day,  every day.  Uncle Bert did not die of a heart attack.  He
fucked himself to death! 

Yet, there is something very appealing about his discovery besides the raw power it
would give me. As a chemist, the idea of a discovery of that magnitude was a
tremendous intellectual curiosity, if nothing more. And, if knowledge of it became known,
Uncle Bert would go down in history with Einstein, Newton, Seabourg and the other great
scientists of all time.  What a thought. A Nobel prize for sure.  

I drifted off to sleep. My dreams were a wild kaleidoscope of colors and images. Then, I
was dreaming of my sister Cathy.  She was a call girl dressed in a twenty thousand dollar
gown, dripping jewels, even though she was only fourteen.  She was seeing her
customers (clients as she called them) in her bedroom at home, the little room in the
back between my bedroom and the twins' bedroom.  The rich and famous passed
through, presidents and movie stars lining up to pay to fuck my little sister.  There were
more action heros sitting in the living room talking to mom and dad while they waited
their turn than attended the academy awards.  

I could hear Cathy squealing and talking, hear the men begging her to do this or that to
them.  Then, she sneaked in my room. "It is really you I want, Davy. Please... please have
sex with me.  I will pay you."  I felt her push me back, her hot mouth on my cock.

What a dream! It was more life like than life as the hot mouth wrapped around my cock,
sucking and slurping. I could feel my orgasm building and building, then stopping as the
expert fellatrix controlled my desires.

My eyes fluttered and I was awake. Andy was on her knees, happily sucking my cock. 

"You don't mind, do you?" she asked shyly.  

I did not mind. I do not know if Uncle Bert, or dad, as I guess I should call him now,
programmed her or it was natural, but Andy could suck cock like nothing you would
believe. And, she was utterly happy and content doing it all day.  I had my cock sucked
many times before and a few of those even let me cum in their mouth. Andy acted like my
cum was nectar from the gods. 

After she finished swallowing me down, she curled up against my leg and snuggled
there. When I recovered, I pulled her into my lap. She snuggled so each breath pushed
those marvelous mammaries into me.  

She looked at me with those huge blue eyes and said, "I know guys do not want to make
a commitment. I know this is brand new to you. You do not need to love me, Davy. I just
want your permission to love you and be with you."  

"You are a wonder, Andy. I am very happy you love me and I want you to be with me."  

She squealed and kissed me like there was no tomorrow. Then, she pulled me into the
bedroom.  If this kept up, I was going to need Uncle Bert's sex control potion pretty damn
quick. Andy was wild as always.  

I whispered in her ear, "Quiet, little kitchen."  Soon, she was mewing, purring like a cat.
She was a cat - a 120 pound pussy that ate me.  

It was late afternoon when Andy called home.  Her mother told us to come over, she was
cooking fresh caught Rainbow trout and pan potatoes for dinner. The fire was hot and the
wine was cold. 

I did not know what to expect with Mary.  Uncle Bert's message told me she was
programmed to be my slave just like Andy was.  I knew Mary was thirty-six, owned three
retail shops which Uncle Bert set up for her, and was single.  I knew she was Uncle
Bert's number one girlfriend. I had never had sex with a woman older than twenty-four. I
guess I was apprehensive about a woman fourteen years older than I was.  Let me tell
you, I learned to appreciate older women. 

You know the difference between a Porsche and a Rolls.  That was the difference
between Andy and Mary.  One built for speed, the other for comfort.  Both, absolutely the
best quality, a quality any man would be proud to ride at any time.  The same blonde
hair, same blue eyes, same great body, although Mary's was softer, more mature and
womanly. 

 We drank wine and visited. I had never met two more honest, down to earth wonderful,
sexual  women in my life. At bedtime, Andy led me to a big king sized bed in the master
bedroom, pushing me in the middle.  

"Isn't this your mother's bed?" I asked.  

"Yes. She will be in shortly."  She was, slipping into bed, wrapping her arms around me. 

I hate to brag but I fucked both of them that night. Mary was quieter but every bit as good. 
I envied Uncle Bert his time with these two glorious creatures. 

In the morning, we ate a huge breakfast, then hiked in the woods. Lunch followed.  

"Nap time," Andy said flirtatiously.  

"No, Andy. I want you to give me Uncle Bert's message again."  Her eyes fluttered. 

"Let's go back to your place," she said.  There, in the same chair, we repeated it exactly
the same, motion for motion, word for word. 

I still could not believe it. 

To be continued. . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.