BSC Lure
by F. M. Hazer

Chapter 1 - School Lunch

The four girls are giggling as they eat their lunch. It is at the start of their high school senior Fall semester. They're attending an all-girl religious school. They are making fun of the "naked-in-school" government sponsored program. Their parents are very conservative and are trying to keep the girls clear of the government mandated public nudity programs by enrolling them in this private school. Their parents don't believe that "proper" young girls should be parading naked in public, including school.

While the girls are making fun of the outside "common"
girls having to go nude in public, Allison is having a personal
problem. Allison realizes that being naked in public, such as at
school, would be very embarrassing. Unfortunately for Allison,
her panties are soaking wet; She finds the vision of going naked
in school to be very sexually exciting. As the girls talk about
published events of the naked-in-school program, Allison is
confused as to why she is so sexually excited by the thought of
being naked in public.

Allison's favorite masturbation fantasies are of
participating in the naked-in-school program. As she plays with
her vagina, alone in her room, she dreams of participating in
the naked-in-school program and being totally naked for a week
in school. She achieves multiple orgasms from her "dirty"
thoughts. She has also heard a couple stories of a few students
who signed up to be absolute naturists thus avoided the mandated
naked in school program's requirement to use the opposite gender
restrooms. Absolute naturists had to be naked 24 hours a day
until graduation! This was more fodder for her masturbation
fantasies. Since she has never actually gone naked in public,
she knows that it is a fantasy and she would probably die from
embarrassment.

The girls start talking about college. Being the start
of their senior year, they are looking at college possibilities.
Allison's parents have the opinion that girls should get married
at the end of high school and not bother with college or a
career. They have no plans to send Allison to college and she
has no dreams of college. So, Allison feels a bit left out of
the conversation. Allison's friends are talking about some
religious schools for college. All the religious schools have
strict dress codes. One of the girls complains that she does not
like being told what to where.

One of Allison's friends suggests to the complaining girl, "Why don't you try Blanke Schande college. They have a very casual dress code!"

The three girls laugh out loud. Not knowing anything about Blanke Schande college, Allison does not laugh and wondered what is so funny.

Another girl replies, "Actually, Blanke Schande has a very strict dress code!"

The laughter intensifies. Again, Allison does not laugh.
She does not know what the "inside" joke is. After the laughter
dies down, Allison naively askes what is so funny and what is so
special about Blanke Schande.

For the third time, there is a roar of laughter. This
time, Allison realizes that her friends are laughing at her.

Allison says aloud, "Oh come on! What's so funny? What
is Blanke Schande college?"

The three girls continue to tease Allison.

Finally, one of Allison's friends says, "Blanke Schande
is a nudist college. Students there don't wear clothes!"

Allison sits quietly, not sure that she heard correctly.
However, such a place would be her sexual fantasy come true!

One of the other girls makes a correction, "Actually,
it's just the girls who are naked. The boys are dressed
normally."

Allison again sits quietly. She feels a gush of wetness
between her legs imagining what it would be like to attend
school permanently naked.

The third girl further corrects, "It's not just the girl
students. All females on campus are naked, including all female
teachers and staff!"

Allison feels the surging wetness in her panties. Again,
she is afraid to move for fear that she will experience an
orgasm. What she is now hearing goes far beyond her sexual
masturbation fantasies.

She responds, "Your kidding. You're just teasing me."

Her best friend suggests, "Look up 'Blanke Schande' on
your computer. You'll see!"

The bell rings. The girls finish their lunches and go to
class.

Allison moves slowly because of her wet panties. She
makes a quick stop at the restroom before class. She takes a
couple of paper towels and goes into a stall. She pulls up her
dress and removes her wet panties. She tries her best to dry off
between her legs, being careful not to orgasm. She rolls up her
wet panties into another paper towel and puts it in her purse.
She finishes the rest of the day without her panties. Lucky for
her, she is dressed to school code; she wears a long skirt.

She has problems concentrating the for rest of the day.
All she can think about is a college were all women go naked!
She can again feel the wetness building between her legs. This
time she is minus her panties.

Chapter 2 - Blanke Schande On Line

Allison arrives home, still carrying her wet panties in
her purse. She says "hi" to her mother and goes to her room. She
is the only child of her parents. Due to a problem with her
birth, her mother was unable to conceive again. Allison realizes
that that is the reason her parents are so protective of her and
have her enrolled in a private school.

Allison undresses and puts her clothes in the dirty
laundry basket, including her panties. She puts on a robe and
sits down at her desk; she turns on her computer. She is
completely skeptical about what her friends said at lunch, but
could not wait to see what she would find on her computer.

Once her computer boots up, she goes to her browser and
after a few tries gets the correct spelling. She Googles "Blanke
Schande."

She is shocked at the number of hits that she gets. "Why
have I never heard of this place before?" she wonders. She
quickly finds the college web site. She opens the site and is
greeted by a disclaimer page saying that the visiter, that is
Allison, is a consenting adult. She clicks "yes" on the
disclaimer page and enters to the main Blanke Schande web page.
She is disappointed to find a rather sterile picture of
buildings on a college campus with no one in site.

Allison thinks that her friends were again teasing her.
She starts to leaf through the web site's various pages. She
visits the list of academic classes. She finds that they are
impressive. It is a liberal arts college. Obviously, Blanke
Schande is a real school.

She discoveres that there are two campuses. The main
campus is in the southern part of the state. The second campus
in the hills is closet to her home, less than fifty miles away.

She finds the population density including the number of
female and male students. She is surprised to see that the
numbers are essentially identical. Normally, at a coed college,
the male student population is larger than the female
population.

She finds a few written testimonials from both male and
female students about the college and how it changed their
lives. Allison has not thought about going to college. In fact,
her parents do not see the need for a girl to go to college.
"Such a waste" they thought! Young girls should get married and
have babies. Her parents have made no financial arrangements for
her college education. However, most of Allison's school friends
are talking about going to college. Allison is starting to
become interested in college.

She continues to visit different pages of the site. She
finally gets to the "student life" page. She opens it and is
suddenly shocked as she stares with wide-open eyes! There is a
large picture of the campus filled with students. The shocking
part is that all the females are completely naked!

That sudden surge of wetness again fills her vagina! Her
friends at school are right. "How come I haven't heard of this
school before?" she thinks. She realizes that her parents are
trying to protect her from the hostile outside world. They put
her in a sterile all-girl private school so as to shield her
from the government mandated naked-in-school program. "Boy, did
they goof that!" Allison thinks. Allison's favorite masturbation
fantasy is going naked in school.

Allison opens her robe and slowly leafs through the
pictures of on-campus student life while massaging her wet
clitoris. She rubs her super sensitive clit gently so as to not
climax. It is a loosing battle. She knows she is going to
orgasm, but wants to see all the pictures before the event. Not
so, she suddenly climaxes as she looks at a girl sitting on a
bench with her legs spread wide apart smiling at the camera; the
girl's vagina is on blatant display. Allison imagines that it is
her on that bench displaying all her "goodies" to the world.

Allison gasps with her orgasm for several seconds.

After Allison recovers, she notices that the pictures
are from two campuses. The college has two sites. Each picture
is labeled to indicate which campus. She is amazed at the total
number of students, actually, she is amazed at the total number
of publicly naked females.

Allison looks closely at the picture of the girl who is
so blatantly displaying herself. She notices that something
looks strange. Allison copies the picture of the girl to her
local disk and opens it with a local viewer. She blows up the
picture while centering on the girl's vagina. Allison notices
that the girl's vagina is soaking wet!

"Wow! That girl actually becomes sexually excited
displaying herself." Allison realizes. "I'm not the only one who
gets turned-on displaying myself." thought Allison. Allison
knows that her, "sexual display" is just a fantasy and that she
has never actually exhibited herself in public. However, for the
girl in the picture, it is real. Allison suddenly has another
surge of wetness between her legs. "What would it be like to
actually exhibit myself for real?" she wonders.

Allison slowly goes through the pictures of the girls at
Blanke Schande while gently rubbing her clitoris. The pictures
shown are of the female students and faculty proudly showing all
that they have to the camera. Allison studies them closely. No
doubt, the pictures are all carefully selected to show the best
Blanke Schande has to offer. It is obvious that the girls shown
are not the least embarrassed in showing all that they have. In
fact, the girls have an expression of pride on their faces
showing off the most private parts of their bodies.

There is a picture of the naked female basketball team
and their naked coach, whose age Allison estimates to be near
30. Allison finds more pictures of female faculty. In fact, all
the pictures that are shown of faculty are all women. Of course,
all the female faculty members are completely naked. Allison
wonders if there are any male faculty. There is a picture of
Professor Johnson, a female English teacher at the smaller
campus sitting spread legged at a table in front of a chalk
board. Her age appears to be in her mid thirties. This woman has
a small amount of trimmed pubic hair above her shaved slit. Her
moist vagina is clearly noticeable. Allison continues to rub
herself realizing that another orgasm is near.

There is a picture of a history teacher from the primary
campus sitting behind an open table. She seems to be the oldest
faculty member shown. Her age must be about 45 years old.
Despite her age, she is beautiful. Allison realizes that all the
female teachers keep themselves in good shape and are not fat.
Allison presumes that if the female staff are always naked and
on complete display, then they are motivated to keep their
bodies in great shape. In the picture, the teacher's hairless
vagina is in plane view. Allison zooms in on the blatant display
and discovers, yes, that vagina is also moist. Allison assumes
that the pictures on the website have been carefully selected or
staged. No doubt, the photographer has the girls masturbate
themselves to achieve a wet vagina before taking the pictures.
"These girls are obviously enjoying themselves!" thinks Allison.

Allison realizes that her vagina would also always be
moist. "What would it be like to publicly exhibit everything I
have?" Allison wonders as she climaxes a second time. Allison
doubles over with her orgasm and stifles her explosive gasp as
she rubs her sopping wet vagina and clitoris.

When she recovers from her second orgasm, Allison again
studies the girls in the pictures. She notices that in pictures
where vaginas are completely on display, all the pubic hair has
been shaved off. Allison carefully examines each vagina that is
on display. In all the pictures, either all the pubic hair, or
at least the hair covering the vaginal opening is shaved. This
leaves the clitoris and inner moist vaginal lips of all the
girls in the pictures on complete display. In the pictures where
there is pubic hair above the vagina, the hair is neatly
trimmed. Only seated with their legs spread wide can one
recognize that the hair was removed from between the legs.

In the pictures of the girls standing, it is not obvious
that the hair in the clitoral area hair is removed. Allison
cleans off her wet vagina with a tissue. She stands up and looks
at herself in her mirror, fantasizing that she is a student at
Blanke schande. She knows what she has to do.

She puts on her robe, goes to the bathroom and locks
herself inside. She obtains her razor, removes her bathrobe and
sits on the edge of the bathtub with her feet inside. She washes
and soaps her vaginal area and examines herself with a hand
mirror. She carefully uses her razor to shave off all the hair
of her vaginal area, leaving the hair above intact. She sits on
the edge of the tub with her legs spread wide apart examining
herself in the mirror. Her wet vagina and clitoris are on
complete display. When she has finished shaving, she stands up
and looks at herself in the door mirror. In that view, her pubic
region looks normal.

"Wow! Wouldn't the girls at school be surprised to
know!" she thought.

Allison goes back to her room. She sits on the edge of
her bed and spreads her legs. She views herself in her door
mirror and again masturbates herself to three more climaxes,
imagining that she is a naked student at Blanke Schande. After
she is sexually relieved, she realizes that her clitoris is
getting sore.

Allison notices another webpage tab within the campus
student life main page. It is titled "presenting." She opens the
page and finds a treatise on the proper way to sit. All females
on campus are required to fully spread their legs while sitting
so as to fully expose themselves to their male classmates. Now
she realizes why the girls are sitting so exposed. It is campus
policy.

That evening after dinner, she goes back to her room do
to her "homework." In reality, she is planning on just how she
can apply and be accepted to Blanke Schande. But first, she is
planning on just how she can make a trip to Blanke Schande. She
wants to experience the "lifestyle" herself and then decide if
she will actually apply.

She again removes all her clothes and goes back to the
Blanke Schande website. She has to know what would be needed to
enter college there. Her parents, and therefore, Allison, never
made any plans for college. Her parents have no funds saved for
college. Now she is seriously considering going to Blanke
Schande.

She finally finds the tuition webpage of Blanke Schande.
She got diverted previously that afternoon by the student life
webpage which have all the pictures. She expects to find an
exorbitant tuition rate. What she finds is pleasantly
surprising. Yes, the tuition rate is very high, but only for
males. The tuition rate for males is at least double that of
any prestigious Ivy League college. However, for females, full
scholarships are readily available.

Allison suddenly realizes why Blanke Schande works. Male
students are there, paying a very high tuition. They must stay
there to complete their education. Either they are drop-outs
from other colleges and this is their last chance, or they want
to be there to ogle the naked female population. In either case,
they don't want to flunk out and leave. So, they actually study
and graduate.

The high tuition rate for the males helps pay the
scholarships for the females. With full scholarships, females
are willing to attend college in the nude. Since they have full
scholarships, they are also motivated to study and graduate.

Allison is thinking about the female students. She knows
that she herself would love being constantly naked exhibiting
herself to everyone. However, she realizes, no doubt, that there
would be some girls who attend only because they get a full
scholarship. They probably hate the fact that they have to be
constantly nude. Allison wondered what percentage of the female
population that would be. The pictures on the website seem to
indicate that all the girls are happy while exposing themselves.
Allison knew there would be no pictures of unhappy female
students on line.

With such a high tuition, male students at Blanke
Schande will not be able to get college student loans from
normal lenders. As college students typically have no work
history, they cannot directly pay their own tuitions, parents
usually pick up the tab. Allison realizes that the male students
at Blanke Schande must come from wealthy families. Maybe it's a
way to meet a rich husband.

Allison now knows where she is going to college. She is
thinking about her parents reaction to attending such a school.
Her parents cannot legally stop her as she will be over 18 years
old when college starts in the Fall. However, "They will disown
me", she realizes.

While sleeping that night, she knows what she has to do.
She will visit the closest Blanke Schande campus herself and
tour the college naked. She has to know if she will be capable
of going naked in public.

The application forms are available from the website.
However, she will wait until after her naked "experiment" before
submitting her application.

Finding the opportunity for the visit will require some
planning. She certainly does not want her parents to know.
especially her up-tight father who insists that she attend her
current religious high school. Allison will figure out the exact
correct time to inform her parents. She again goes to sleep with
a wet vagina.

Chapter 3 - The Visit

Allison now wants to go to college, regardless of
choice. Blanke Schande is the logical choice since they will
provide a full scholarship. To walk naked in public will be her
sexual fantasy come true. Allison feels that uncontrollable urge
to visit Blanke Schande and walk naked on the campus. Having
never gone naked in public previously, she has to discover if
she has the courage to perform such an outrageous task. Her plan
is to visit Blanke Schande and see if she has the courage it
will take to attend such a collage, i.e., to walk naked on the
campus.

She examines the Blanke Schande website. She discovers
that there are actually two campuses. The larger main campus is
in the southern part of the state. The smaller auxiliary campus
is less than an hour's drive away from her home in the Sierra
Nevada mountains. That will be her choice.

Now, she needed to find a time that she could make the
trip. That will be a problem. At this point in time, Allison
did not want her parents to know anything. Allison knows that
when her parents discover that she is going to attend college
naked, she will be disowned. Until then, she needs to keep
complete secrecy. She would have to find a time when her parents
are not home. Those events such are rare.

Fortune smiles on her. In late October, her father is
planing a business trip to Reno. It will be a conference for
three days. He asks Allison's mother if she would like to come
along. Oh boy, she would love to go to Reno! His plan is to
drive to Reno, going through South Lake Tahoe on Wednesday and
attend his conference on Thursday and Friday. They will then
stay over on Saturday and drive home on Sunday. Allison needs to
stay home to attend school. There is some discussion about
hiring a live-in babysitter while they were gone. Allison
convinces her parents that she can take care of herself. She
reminds them that she has performed babysitting chores for other
children and that it would be silly to hire a babysitter to
babysit a babysitter. Her parents are convinced that she should
take care of herself during the trip. They will stay in touch
via cell phones.

Her parents bought Allison a car after she got her
driver's license when she turned 16. It is a used car with a few
miles. But to her, it is like a golden carriage. She can go
where she wants without the need of her parents or other people.

Allison will be in class Wednesday through Friday.
However, Saturday is fair game. She makes her plan to drive to
the Blanke Schande campus on Saturday morning. That will give
her a full day for a visit.

Her mother bought lots of food for Allison. The
refrigerator is well stocked. This is the first time her parents
will be separated from Allison. Allison says good-bye to her
parents on Wednesday morning before she goes to school. When she
gets home that afternoon, she is alone. Allison has problems
concentrating at school while thinking about her plan. She
strips naked and walks around the house. This is the first time
she ever had a chance to tour her house in the altogether. She
fantasies about walking totally naked around the Blanke Schande
campus. She discovers that she did not feel nervous. In fact, it
is exciting being naked where one is usually dressed. She cooks
a quick microwave meal and goes to her room to study. She
imagines that she is at Blanke Schande studying. She can hardly
wait to make her trip. Her parents call her each evening.
Allison uses Mapquest to get the directions to the campus. She
prints out a copy for her trip.

After two more days of being alone, it is Friday.
Tomorrow will be her big day. She goes to bed early so as to
arrive in the early morning at Blanke Schande. She gets up on
Saturday very early. She showers and carefully shaves her
private place so as to look like a student. She selects a single
piece dress that can be easily removed. She wares no underwear.
She wares tongs on her feet.

Allison eats her breakfast, naked of course. She brushes
her teeth and reluctantly puts on her one piece dress and tongs.
She locks the house, gets into her car, and drives to Blanke
Schande. It takes just a little more than an hour for her to
arrive at the main gate of the auxilary Blanke Schande campus.

She finds the entry gate, complete with a security
guard. The entrance has an eight-foot high iron fence that is
covered with bushes. One cannot see into the campus from
outside. Since she is not a student, she cannot drive onto the
campus. She wonders what students do with cars.

She turns at the nearest cross street and finds a
parking space so that she can watch the gate. She was less than
100 feet away. Now, she was wondering just how she can get onto
the campus. She can feel the nervousness in her stomach. She did
not think that there would be a security guard. She watches the
gate for something to happen. Finally, after about ten minutes,
she sees four boys approaching the gate. She watches as the
security guard carefully checkes each of their ID cards.

"Oh shit!" whispered Allison to herself, realizing that
one needs an ID to enter the campus. Allison is now feeling
discouraged and continues watching. After about another five
minutes, Allison sees three girls approaching. Allison suddenly
feels that familiar surge of wetness between her legs; the girls
are stark naked, in bare feet, and walking on a public street.
The girls are not carrying anything, like a purse and, of
course, do not have pockets as they have no clothes. That means
they could not be carrying ID cards. Allison watches carefully
wondering what will happen. The girls wave to the guard, give
some kind of a greeting, and proceed to walk through the gate.
The guard waves back, does nothing further to check ID's and
does not stop them.

"So that's how it's done" thought Allison. Girls just
have to be naked to enter. Allison wonders if the guard knows
every girl on campus by sight. Certainly, he will not know all
the new freshmen.

Allison waits for another 10 minutes, working up the
courage to act. In her car, she removes her dress and puts it on
the right side floor along with her tongs. She is now naked in
her car. She opens her glove box and retrieves her magnetic
hide-a-key. She waits for the right moment. When she sees two
more naked girls approaching the gate passing in front of her
car, she acts. She can feel the butterflies in her stomach as
she opens her door. She takes a deep breath and gets out of her
car, naked. She opens the trunk of her car and puts her purse
inside. She closes the trunk and locks her car with her key. She
then puts the key inside the hide-a-key container and sticks it
inside her left rear tire well. Now, she is ready.

She takes a deep breath and walks across the street
toward the gate following the two girls. For the first time in
her life, she is now stark naked in a public place. She realizes
that she can actually do it and is enjoying herself. That
familiar wetness is back between her legs. She walks to the gate
without a pause. She is relieved when she realizes that she is
not embarrassed at being naked.

She hears the two girls say "Hi Bob" to the guard and
walk through the gate. Allison approaches behind the girls and
without pausing, says "Hi Bob" as she walks passed the security
gate. The guard says "hi" back to her and looks at her trying to
remember her. She does not stop.

Allison is now inside the campus gate walking stark naked
across the college campus!

Chapter 4 - Campus Tour

Allison walks several hundred feet past the security
gate before pausing. Her heart is pounding and she feels the
butterflies in her stomach. She takes a deep breath to relax and
compose herself. She finally begins to feel more normal. She
understands that the cause of her nervousness is not because she
is naked in a public place, but because she has committed an act
of trespass. She is hoping no one will notice and she will not
be arrested.

She walks another hundred feet starting to relax.
Realizing that she is stark naked in a public place brings on
that old familiar feeling of gushing wetness between her legs.
She is pleased with herself that she is not nervous about going
naked in public. On the contrary, she is concerned that she
finds it so sexually exciting, other people will notice. She is
now certain that she wants to go to college here and realizes
her sexual excitement will be an everyday feeling.

This is her dream-come-true sexual fantasy. She walks
slowly, imagining that she is a student, so as to enjoy the
experience. If nothing else happens, such as not going to school
here, today will become a life-time memory of her favorite
sexual fantasy. She observes that students on campus were
minimal, being a weekend. She notices both male and completely
naked female students are doing what "normal" students do on a
weekend. She walks passed buildings, passing other students,
both dressed male and completely naked female. No one, of
course, notices that she is not a student and everyone treats
her as a student. She begins to feel at ease. She looks at each
building, trying to memorize the names, like science hall,
history, math, etc. She finds the library building. She observes
that many students were going in and out of the building. She
finally realizes that she no longer notices that the females on
campus are all naked while the males are clothed. It all seems
so natural to be that way. She surreptitiously slips a finger
between her legs to confirm that she is gushing wet. She is
right. She is actually afraid that her moisture will seep down
to her thighs and be blatantly visible. She also realizes that
she now has to take a pee. Her nervousness helps contribute to
that situation.

She enters the library, looking for a "ladies" room. She
is surprised in that she finds none, at least not inside the
building. She does not want to ask, afraid she would give away
the fact that she is not enrolled and should know better. She
goes back outside. She finds several toilets in open stalls
outside. She thinks to herself, "You've got to be kidding! Girls
have to defecate in public?". She can understand guys may get a
thrill out of watching a girl pee, but watching them taking a
crap would not be sexy. She goes into an open stall and takes a
pee. Luckily, no one observes her. She uses lots of toilet paper
to dry herself; the wetness is from more than just the urine.

She washes her hands and goes back inside the library.
She looks around and finds some local flyers about the campus.
She picks up several, including the weekly campus newsletter.
She finds a seat, actually a padded bench, among many similar
seats. She sits down and starts to brows through the newsletter.
She examines several pictures of students doing things that
students normally do at all other universities. She sees
pictures of the various sports teams, both male and female,
playing their games. She sees pictures of student activities on
campus.

Allison realizes, looking at the campus pictures, that
this is actually a "normal" campus in that students do
everything students do at any other campus. The major
difference, of course, is that all females on this campus are
completely stark naked.

Allison now knows for sure that she wants to go to
college here.

Chapter 5 - Allison Makes a Friend

While sitting looking at the Blanke Schande weekly
newsletter, a voice suddenly startles her asking, "Did you like
Friday's football game?"

Allison must have jumped a few inches in her seat.
Wanting to remain anonymous, she has no plans to actually talk
with anyone. She looks up to see who is talking to her. She sees
a very cute boy sitting on a bench directly across from her. Her
heart melts. She is currently going to an all girls religious
school and does not have contact with boys her own age. Here is
a "real" boy, actually handsome, talking to her!

Allison notices that the boy's gaze is fixated between
her legs. Allison ponders what to say. Realizing that she is not
a student, she does not want to give away her deception. She
gives a non-committal reply, "No, I did not make it to the
game."

Allison stares at the handsome boy. She suddenly has
another feeling. It is a feeling that nature hard-wires into
everyone. It is the need to meet and interact with other people
of one's age. Being at an all-girls school, she realizes that
she is missing something. She feels the need to interact with
boys.

She introduces herself and gives the boy her first
name. He introduces himself as Steve.

She makes some small-talk with Steve. Looking at the
boy's eyes, she suddenly realizes that Steve never changes his
gaze. His stare is completely centered between her wide-open
legs. Until that moment, Allison did not realize that she had
her legs are completely spread apart. It is a habit she
cultivated while browsing the Blanke Schande website. She likes
to mimicked the girls in the pictures and "present." She always
spreads her legs to give an unobstructed view of the best parts
of her body to an unseen audience. Until this moment, she was
not expecting a real audience.

Now, Steve's stare is completely fixated on her wet
vagina. Allison became nervous; she isn't sure if this is a
welcome intrusion into her sexual fantasy. She knows from her
erotic feelings that her vagina is soaking wet. Despite what is
depicted in the website pictures, she did not know if a wet
vagina is the normal situation for all girls on campus. Fearing
she might seem out of place, Allison wishes she could control
her sexual arousal. Regardless, the boy is obviously enjoying
himself staring at the wetness between her legs. Allison wonders
if the boy has ever looked at her face.

Allison is thinking about closing her legs to obstruct
the view. However, she realizes that would not be an acceptable
practice, given school policies. The boy continues to fixate his
stare on her wet vagina. Allison realizes she should actually be
embarrassed with such a public display of her "privates".
Instead, she finds the experience to be extremely sexually
stimulating which exacerbates her wetness. She is actually
enjoying exhibiting herself, especially, to this handsome boy.

Allison continues to make small-talk with the boy. She
is careful not to make any comments that will suggest she is not
a student. In a normal situation, she would embrace the
situation to meet such a handsome boy. However, this is not a
normal situation and she is becoming very nervous; she is afraid
her charade will become exposed.

Steve momentarily diverts his stare from her vagina to
his wristwatch and announces, "It's getting near lunch time.
Would you like to have lunch with me?" He then continues to
stare between her wide open legs, waiting for an answer.

Allison would normally love to have lunch with such a
handsome boy. However, she is afraid that her "secret" will
become exposed. Also, she isn't sure how the whole school system
works. She can see that the naked girls on campus do not carry
purses, and therefore, they carried no money or ID cards. She
knows from her web search that food service is part of the
female scholarship. She remembers how she sneaked through the
front gate. Perhaps nudity is the only ID a girl needs while on
campus.

Allison gives in to her basic instincts and says, "Yes,
I would like to eat with you." Not wanting to give away her
secret, she asks, "Where should we go?"

Steve looks a bit confused. He admits that he does not
carry much cash and cannot afford a restaurant, so they should
go to the cafeteria. Allison then realizes that nudity is the
universal pass for girls on campus including campus entry and
eating. She also realizes that naked female students go off
campus to stores and restaurants. They must already have
accounts set up in the off campus stores. "Must be a very
liberal town" thinks Allison.

"Please lead the way?" Allison suggests, hoping to
disguise her naivety of the campus layout. The boy finally tears
his eyes away from Allison's vagina, stands up and motions his
arm in a direction toward the library exit.

Chapter 6 - Lunch Date

The completely naked Allison and her new-found fully dressed male student friend walk out of the library.

Allison has not sought this scenario. She wants to enjoy the thrill of exhibiting herself anonymously on the Blanke Schande campus. Now she is attracting attention. Again, she is afraid that her trespass will be discovered. Since it is still early in the Fall season, the current population of the campus will not yet be know all the new freshman students; her hope is that no one will realize that she is not a student.

They walk next to each other while Steve makes small
talk with Allison. Allison recognizes that Steve is actually shy
talking to a naked girl. Steve is trying very hard to make a
good impression and not do anything that will be insulting. It
is obvious to Allison that Steve likes her. Now that she is
upright and walking, Steve's stare has changed from her vagina
to her breasts. Allison could feel her nipples becoming hard.
She also feels a fresh gush of wetness from between her legs.
She realizes that the current situation has gone far beyond her
wildest erotic exhibition fantasy. She is actually enjoying herself!

They arrive at the student center which includes the
cafeteria. Allison follows Steve to the start of the food line.
Allison picks out a salad to eat and gets a bottle of water to
drink. At the cashier station, Steve shows the naked female
cashier his ID. Again for Allison, nudity is the only ID women
need. She follows Steve to a table. They sit down and start
eating quietly. Allison could tell that Steve has never eaten
with any other female student before. He is still being shy.
Allison thinks to herself, "He is so cute!"

Finally, Steve asks several questions about classes. He
asks if she likes certain classes or teachers. He makes some
comments about how gorgeous the female staff is, all being naked
of course. Allison is very careful how she answers. She does
not want to appear so naive that it would be obvious she is not
a student and has never taken a class at the school. She makes
noncommittal answers like having never taken a certain class or
not having seen certain women professors. That is a mistake!
Steve knows that there are only two freshman English classes,
both are taught by women professors. When Allison denies knowing
either professor, Steve knows something was wrong.

Steve proceeds cautiously. After a few more probing
questions, he becomes very certain that Allison is not a student.
He is wondering who Allison is and why she is on campus. Steve
is wondering what to do. He has never heard of a female impostor
coming onto campus before. "Should I scream and make a scene?
Should I call security?" Steve wonders.

Finally, Steve observes, "She is so beautiful! I wonder
who she is and why she is here?" Steve is getting that
biological "feeling", i.e., being male in front of a beautiful
girl. He correctly observes that this naked girl is no threat to
anyone and he does not want to ruin the possibility of a
relationship. So, he decides to proceed slowly.

He says to to Allison in a low voice, "You're really not
a student here, are you?"

Allison becomes flustered. Her ruse has been discovered.
Allison isn't sure how to respond. She certainly does not want
to be arrested for trespass and the theft of a free lunch. She
responds, "What! Why do you say that?" Steve gives her his
reasoning. Allison should certainly know at least one of the
freshmen English teachers.

Allison breaks down and starts to cry. She sobs, "Oh
Please, don't tell anyone. I don't want to be arrested!"

Steve's heart melts. How could he possibly have this
beautiful girl arrested?

Chapter 7 - Found Out

Allison breaks down and cries. Steve feels bad at
disclosing her deception. He likes the girl and does not want to
hurt her. He reassures her that he will not report her. He keeps
reassuring her until she stops crying.

Steve says, "Don't worry, I am not going to tell anyone.
But I'm curious. Why are you here? How did you get in?"

Allison first explains the flaw in the Blanke Schande
security system and how she got in.

Steve agrees. He has never before heard of a naked
non-student female coming onto the campus. He knows that there
is trouble with male trespassers on campus. Thus, the reason for
the tight gate security. He then asks again as to why she is
here.

Allison does not want to disclose the fact that this is
her sexual fantasy come true and she is getting a real
exhibitionist charge out of parading herself naked in public.
Instead, she tells him, also the truth, she wants to go to
college but her father will not send her. As female students at
Blanke Schande can get full scholarships, she has to see for
herself if she has the courage to go naked in public before
applying.

Steve confirms that Allison is currently a high-school
senior. Steve asks, "Now that you know what it is like, are you
going to apply?"

Allison got a slight blush on her face. Her smile lights
up her face and she says, "Oh yes, definitely. This is such a
beautiful campus."

Steve responds, "I know someone who can help you with
your application. Follow me."

They leave the cafeteria and walk across the campus to a
building. Allison explains that she has not yet applied. Steve
replies, "Don't worry, we'll work it out." Allison looks around
to see who else is on campus, being Saturday. She sees about a
dozen students walking about, fairly evenly split between
dressed males and naked females.

Steve is a gentleman and holds open the door to the fine
arts building. They walk down the hall to an office. The office
is open and Allison sees a naked woman sitting at her desk.
Allison observes that the woman's legs are spread wide apart in
the classic presenting position. The woman's vagina is on
blatant display. Allison looks at the woman's face and
recognizes her from the web search of the school. She is English
Professor Johnson, in her mid thirties. Allison realizes that
she teaches one of the two Freshman English courses that Steve
was talking about.

Steve knocks lightly on the open door frame to attract
her attention. The professor looks up and says, "Oh, hi Steve."

Steve replies, "Hi mom."

