Janet's Option

Janet was in a daze. It happened so fast. Rob had walked with her out to her car after the late Friday afternoon meeting. Everyone was tired from the long workday.

They talked about the meeting on the way to her car, and then, for a few seconds, they looked at each other. There was a chemistry between them that had gone unspoken.

Rob tentatively grasped her hand, and she squeezed his hand. That said volumes. He brought her close and hugged her. The way she pressed her body on his told him that it was worth the risk.

He gently whispered, "Janet - I want to eat your pussy."

She pulled away, surprised at what she heard. Then she giggled. "Thanks for the compliment, but I have a boyfriend."

"I know," he said.

She looked at him questioningly.

"How often do you make love?" he asked.

"Rob, Why are you - (sigh) about three times a week. Why?" It was an exaggeration, but she didn't want Rob to know that her sex life was mundane.

He drew close and whispered, "I want to eat your pussy when it has cum in it... even if it's not mine."

She put her hands over her mouth and exclaimed, "Oh my gosh! You're kidding, right?"

Rob grasped her hand, gave it a light squeeze, and let go. "See you Monday!" He walked off.

Janet was shaken by her encounter, and had to think, even with a tingling in her pussy. She got in her car and worked her fingers into her panties, and brought herself off quickly. She told herself that it was the stress of the day that heightened her need. Even so, she couldn't get the disturbing conversation with Rob out of her mind.

Several hours later, Janet moaned as her boyfriend's cock plowed her pussy. She was more responsive than usual, which he enjoyed. She rhythmically squirmed under him as he thrust inside her, and timed her exclamations to his pulsing member when he ejaculated long and hard. During the night she pulled him on top of her between her open legs and insisted on another lovemaking session. Her boyfriend was surprised, but pleased. She jilled herself imagining her messy pussy being licked and kissed with all the sperm inside.

On Monday, Janet seemed friendly but distant to Rob, and they carried on their work duties normally. On Wednesday, she asked Rob to go to lunch with her. Once outside the no-privacy workplace, she looked him in the eye and said, "I've been thinking about our last conversation. Did you mean it?"

"Of course I meant it," he confidently replied. "Is that something you'd try?"

"I - I don't know... But my boyfriend is going out of town on Friday and I'm working from home that day. I'm thinking if I can get him to make love to me before he leaves, I might want to see how it feels."

"Does he ever eat your pussy?"

"Not very much..."

"So even though he ejaculates inside you, he doesn't participate in giving you orgasms, right?"

She blushed. "That's true."

Rob smiled knowingly.

Janet then asked him, "You're not going to try to fuck me then, right? That's not part of the deal."

"It's up to you," Rob replied. "I have a lot of self control, so it's fine if that's as far as you want to take it. You know I like you, Janet."

She was silent for a while. Then she said, "Tell me more about your self control."

"There was a time when I couldn't last very long during intercourse. That bothered me, so I read a lot of information on the subject, and learned how to control my ejaculation even when the feeling of wanting to give in was strong. It took a lot of work and practice, but now I can last as long as the woman wants."

"Oh my gosh!"

"I wait for a sign that she's ready, but to be safe I like to ask permission, knowing that she's free to say no and I have to prolong intercourse until she says yes."

Janet's pussy tingled and she squeezed her legs together. That was the sexiest thing she had ever heard - a guy asking permission to cum, and waiting for the lady's assent.

"So, if I - I mean, the woman doesn't give you permission, you can keep up intercourse for an hour, if that's what she wants?"

"Yes."

"Wow, Rob, that's absolutely awesome!"

Her pussy was lubricating and she knew she had to take care of it as soon as she got back to work. She wrote her address and gave it to Rob. "We'd better get back. I'll call you when I'm ready on Friday and you can come over."

The next evening, when Janet's boyfriend wanted to experience her squirming pussy, she hesitated, and said that she wanted him to give her a good fucking just before he left for his trip the next day. Meanwhile, she schemed to get more than one ejaculation from him inside her the next day. Rob, she thought to herself, if it's cum in my pussy that you want, I'm going to make sure there's a lot of it in there.

While Janet put off her boyfriend that evening, Rob edged himself three times, not letting himself come to a satisfying release. He wanted to be prepared for the possibility that she would want intercourse after he lapped up her boyfriend's cum. He also had to be prepared for her to say no.

Janet slept fitfully, her pussy tingling with conflicting emotions about what she had planned. But since her own boyfriend rarely wanted to eat her pussy at all, she reasoned that she had to know what it would feel like. Besides, she thought, I can send Rob home afterward and not let him fuck me.

Right after lunch, Rob's phone rang. "Okay," Janet excitedly whispered, "Come on over. I'm waiting."

When Janet let Rob in her apartment, she gave him a hug, and he asked, "How many times?"

"Twice," she giggled. Rob looked pleased. Janet led him into her bedroom, and looked at him with a "what next" expression.

"I'd like us both to have all our clothes off for this," Rob stated. As soon as Janet began to shed her clothes, Rob undressed. "Okay, get comfortable on the bed, and I'll start."

Janet noticed Rob's rock-hard erection. She had several thoughts about it. So that's the cock that he has a lot of self control over. The cock that he asks permission when he's fucking. It's gorgeous, a little longer than Brian's. And he puts my pleasure first.

"Open your legs, honey," Rob said as he climbed on the bed. He looked at her brunette mound with cum that was ready to emerge from her well fucked pussy. "Lie back now, I'll take care of the rest. I want you to enjoy this."

He felt Janet's body tremble as he brought his mouth close to her spermed pussy. He grasped her hips and licked all around her opening. Janet was breathing hard. When he licked squarely on her pussy, she moaned. He licked several more times and she responded, "Oh!  Ahh!"

He alternated between her opening and her hardened nub, and she jerked her hips as she crested into an intense orgasm. "Oh!  Ahh!  Oh my God! Yes! Ahh! Ahhh!"

More of her boyfriend's sperm mixed with her juices of arousal came forth, and Rob diligently attended to it while she kept rocking her hips and exclaiming how good it felt. Soon she again crested, this time twisting her hips as well as pumping. But Rob steadfastly kept his eager mouth on her pussy, licking more intensely. She literally screamed her third orgasm and pounded the mattress with her fists as she surrendered to it. By that time Rob had gotten most of what he could.

"Oh my God, Rob, I can't take any more!"

He lay next to her as her heavy panting gradually subsided. A second moment of truth confronted Janet when she saw Rob's sturdy cock reach for the sky.

"Rob," she said while tenderly running her hands across his chest, "You gave me so much pleasure. Part of me wants to tell you to fuck my brains out, but I can't handle that right now. I want to give you more pleasure than a hand job, so please be patient with me. It's not fair that you delay your pleasure, but I really, really have to think about this. Please don't hate me for sending you home now!"

Rob's response was to give her a long, passionate kiss and run his hands all over her slender, sensuous body. He played his cards right, though, and said, "It's okay, Janet. Call me whenever you want to, any time of day or night. I'm glad for the pleasure of eating your pussy. You taste really good."

Then he got dressed and went home. That night he placed his cell phone on the nightstand and went to sleep with Janet's scent on his face.

Janet went to sleep with her legs open and her hand stroking her bushy brunette pussy. She didn't sleep well, and a few hours later her pussy won. She didn't care what time it was. Her fingers trembled as she dialed Rob's number.

"Rob," she said in a shaky voice, "I'm sorry But I need you. I want you to fuck my brains out."

"I really want you to come over to my place, Janet. And don't clean up. I love your scent - all over." He gave her his address and thirty minutes later she was at his door.

They shared some wine while they talked, mostly to get her more comfortable with the idea. She had dressed minimally, and wore only a T shirt, tight fitting shorts, and sandals. The ease with which she could shed her clothes was not lost on Rob.

After a while Janet asked, "How long has it been since you ejaculated?"

"Two weeks," he answered as his cock hardened.

Janet giggled. "Oh my gosh, you do have a lot of self control! You must really want to fuck me!"

Rob said nothing, but stood up, took Janet's hand, and led her to his bedroom. He looked closely into her eyes. "Are you ready for me?"

"Yes," she whispered. "Take me. Now."

He removed her T shirt and took down her shorts. She stepped out of her panties while Rob removed his clothes. Janet lay on the bed with her legs open. Her excited smile said that she anticipated a good time.

Rob noticed her pussy was creaming, so he immediately worked on entering her. A little at a time, he tantalizingly gave short thrusts until he was all the way in. Face to face, they exchanged tender kisses. "Rob, that feels so good," she whispered.

He slowly pumped, getting a feel for her reactions and the inner space of her pussy. It was indeed a sweet feeling to be inside her. He varied the tempo of his thrusts, sometimes slowly, working up to vigorous pumping, and then holding still inside her. She moaned constantly, repeating how good it felt.

He turned her over and pumped when he had his hands on her hips. She reacted by pushing back with each thrust, her sexy mewling increasing his need for self control. They stayed in that position for a long while, since Rob could precisely control his pumping in order to keep from giving in. After what seemed forever, he nudged her over again, face to face.

Janet saw that Rob had to valiantly struggle to keep from ejaculating. She wanted desperately to tell him, please cum, give me all the sperm that you have, I want you to cum right now. There was a reason that she didn't.

They shared more tender kisses while they indulged in sensual intercourse. Janet surrendered to a vaginal orgasm, a rare event for her. Rob was obviously pleased with that. He kept up his vigorous pumping, and she gave in to another orgasm a couple minutes later. And another.

Finally, Rob asked, "Janet - may I cum inside you now?"

She waited until her next orgasm took hold. "Yes, Rob, YES! Please cum inside me! Oh God, YES!"

Within ten seconds Rob started to spurt. His convulsive ejaculation went on for what felt like a full minute. When their breathing subsided, Janet, with Rob still inside her, whispered, "I really wanted you to cum in me right away - but I had to experience your asking permission to cum. It gave me such a wild orgasm!"

Rob withdrew and said, "Quickly - get on top of me." He grasped her hips and had her straddle his mouth. The combination of their juices from far up inside her began to trickle out of her and he was ready. He licked and kissed Janet's pussy through two more orgasms. They then fell asleep.

Rob awoke a couple hours later with Janet riding his cock. She smiled and said, "I couldn't wait. I want more. Give me your cum, Rob, don't hold it back!"

Her rocking became more vigorous and his previous denial of pleasure brought him close to ejaculation. He gave in and bucked like a wild stallion as he gave spurt after spurt inside her.

Without saying a word, she straddled his mouth and squirmed as he extracted his profuse ejaculate from her pussy. After her orgasm she handled Rob's cock until he was hard again and guided it inside her. She lay on top, chest to chest, and rhythmically pumped her hips. "I want more cum, Rob," she said with wild eyes and a determined expression on her face.

My, gosh, what have I done, Rob said to himself, this girl is obsessed with cum! I'd be lying if I said I didn't like it, though.

The sight of Janet's frenzied look, along with her wild pumping of her hips, ensured that Rob had a steady and uninterrupted ascent to another intense ejaculation. "You're getting close, Rob, I know it! Don't hold out on me!"

When he crossed the point of no return, he cried out, and Janet kept up her frenzied thrusting. "Yes! Yes, you're cumming in me! Give me every drop, Rob! Every fucking drop!"

She continued to ride him until he slipped out, and she scrambled up to plant her pussy on his mouth. The next few minutes were deliriously pleasurable for both of them, but especially for Janet. Exhausted, they slept until midmorning.

Janet asked if she could come over that night. "I want you to fuck me silly. I can only let you fuck me when Brian is out of town."

That night, Janet came over, dropped her clothes on the floor, lay back on the bed with her legs spread and hands behind her head, and said, "I'm yours. Take me." Rob had scarcely seen a more delectable sight. Janet's pussy, of course, was lubricating heavily when Rob inserted his throbbing member inside her. He probed, pumped, and thrust relentlessly while Janet stayed as passive as she could. After no less than forty five minutes of continuous intercourse, and Janet experiencing three vaginal orgasms, Rob said, "Janet - this feels so good. May I cum inside you now?"

Janet said nothing. She just looked at him with gleaming, excited eyes. Another five minutes, and Rob asked, "Janet - may I ejaculate now?" There was a little more urgency in his voice. Her eyes shone. "No, Rob," she whispered, "Not yet."

That little cum-slut is teasing me, Rob told himself. I can hold on. When I do cum, though, I'll fill her basket. I'd better slow down a little.

Sweat formed on Rob's forehead as he kept sustaining prolonged intercourse. Janet had another vaginal orgasm, and rob felt his self control tested to its limit.

Janet looked at the clock. They had been actively fucking for an hour. "Janet, may I cum now!" he pleaded. She felt herself approaching another orgasm, which she wanted to delay. As soon as she yielded to it, she clenched her teeth and moaned, "Oh... God... cum... now!"

That was all it took, and Rob thrashed about in ejaculatory convulsions as he spurted, spurted, and spurted. When she caught her breath she said, "Oh God, Rob, knowing that you'd wait for me is the most erotic thing I can think of! Fuck me again, Rob. Cum whenever you want to. And then you can eat my pussy."

It took only a few minutes for Rob to exclaim and spurt another reservoir of semen into Janet's cum-hungry pussy. Then he applied his mouth to her pussy and sent her into a stratospheric orgasm.

"I have to go home, Rob. I have a lot to think about. Brian comes home tomorrow and I have to go back to being his girlfriend."

They kissed for a long while, and then she left.

Monday at work, Janet came by Rob's desk and quietly said, "Can we have lunch at your place? I brought dessert."

Rob smiled and asked, "How many times?"

"Three," she giggled.

"Let's go," he said.

-----
This story is copyright 2012 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com). All rights reserved. No reposting without permission. Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
