The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except it may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or at www.storiesonline.net 

Copyright November 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Reader, CAUTION.  Remember this is a wild MC tale with many story codes starting with
incest.  My thanks to Morgan for editing and assistance.  E.Z.


GRANDPA AND ME

Chapter 4

Grandpa didn't bother dressing and neither did I.   As I followed him out of the bedroom, I
looked back at Mom.  She was already asleep.  My cum was dry on her face and Grandpa's cum
between her legs.  There was a smile on her face.  Damn, she looked good.        

"How did you like that?" he asked.

"It was as good as I imagined, but I want to fuck her," I replied. 

"You will in good time," he said.     

"Can we talk?  I've got a million questions."

"Start," he said as he plopped down in Dad's old easy chair and put his feet on the coffee table. 

"You're going to get her pregnant?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because I want to," he said.  

"But why do you want to?"

"Women are different, Rick, as you've probably noticed.  Some women were made for having
babies.  Your mother was so delicious when she was pregnant with you that I want to see her that
way again.  This time, I'll be the man who enjoys her."

"Grandpa, what does Grandma think of this?"    

"She's programmed like I want her to be, which is happy and supportive.  She's a lot happier
than she was earlier in our marriage."

"Why?"

"Well, that's a long story and we can talk about it some other time, but she's happy now.  She
has her church and community work, and she's going back to college to get a degree.  She has a
good life."  

"Is Grandma programmed to, eh, play around?"

"Your Grandmother didn't need to be programmed for that," he snapped.  His mouth was tight
and his eyes cold. 

"Is that why you searched for the formula?" I asked.

"What do you mean?" he replied, but he knew what I meant.  

"To keep Grandma home."

He sighed. "It was more than that.  It started about ten years ago as a project with Dr. Collins,
who's a psychiatrist, and Dr. Beeman, a biologist.  Collins wanted to find something to help
overcome problems from negative behaviors such as drug addiction or childhood traumas.  We
worked on it for years.  When I finally made the breakthrough, we tested it on a subject Collins
picked."

"Was she good looking?" I asked.

"She was a he, a male student who was brilliant, but susceptible to suggestion.  He was in with a
bad crowd and was addicted to heroin.  The formula worked.  We were all elated.  We tested it
on four other subjects, all with the same results.  Beeman wanted to publish the results, but I
wanted the formula."

Grandpa was lost in his thoughts and I waited impatiently for him to continue. 

"That was thirty days ago," he said.  "I programmed Collins and Beeman first.  They now believe 
the whole project was an abject failure and they've lost interest in it.  Then I programmed your
grandmother."

"You said you had other women.  Have many have you programmed?"

"Oh, well, there aren't any other women yet.  Not unless you include Clara Beeman, but she's
sixty-six and an old maid. "  He leered.  "I've got some ideas about a few."

"Me, too.  Lots of them."            

"I'll bet you do.  I told you I'd give you the girl of your dreams for a birthday present.  Do you
have anyone in mind?"  

"Julie Allison.  She's the hottest girl I've ever met."

"As hot as your mother?"

"They're about even."

"Tell me about her."

"Julie's my age.  She's got a knockout figure, long blonde hair and huge blue eyes.  She's smart,
too.  Smarter than I am, I'd expect."

"Is she your girlfriend?"

"Not really, but I wish she were."

"Why don't you ask her to go steady?"

"She's not putting out.  She's teasing me and I need to get laid, Grandpa."

"How's she teasing you?"

"Letting me kiss her.  Pressing her body against mine.  Sometimes she lets me play with her
breasts, but then she stops me."

"That's normal for a girl her age.  Don't feel put down by it."

"But I want her.  I want to . . . "

Grandpa patted my hand to silence me.  "Tell me about the ones you are fucking," he said. 

"Well, there's Tonya Phillips.  She's in my grade and wild.  I'm not the only guy doing her. 
There's four of us that I know about.  Then there's Diane and Suzanne Fillmore.  They're seniors
and they fuck anything with a letter sweater.  I could tell you some gang bang stories about the
two of them."

"I'd like to hear about them later.  Is there anyone else?"

"Yeah.  Sheila Tuttle from Western High."

"Oh?  You like her, don't you?"

"Yeah.  How can you tell?"

"The way you said her name.  How did you meet her?" 

"We'd played Western High and won.  I'd had to have my ankle wrapped after the game and I
was one of the last ones to leave the locker room.  I walked around the corner and literally
bumped into her.  I put my arms around her to keep her from falling down.  I don't know.  I guess
it was the way she looked at me.  I kissed her.  She kissed me.  Old Carl, the equipment manager,
came out of the locker room and saw us.

"'I'll lock up, Carl,' I said.  

"He just smiled and nodded.  I took her in the locker room.  She got of one of the tables and
pulled me to her.  She was a virgin, Grandpa."

"Ah, a real treat," he said. 

"I've been with her twice since then.  Her parents are strict and she can't get away easily."

"And?"

"And what?" I said. 

"What's she like?"

"She's sweet and shy, like she'd be embarrassed even looking at a guy, but . . .  when she looks
at me, it's like she can't get enough of me."

"Humph.  How did she manage to bump into you?"

"She told me she did it intentionally because she wanted to meet me."

"Sounds like she's got a thing for you," Grandpa said.  "Is she good looking?"

"Oh, yeah.  It's interesting, Grandpa.  She and Julie both have blonde hair and blue eyes.  They
both have great bodies, but they're so different."

"How?"

"Julie's a, well, hell.  It's hard to describe.  It's like . . .  if you saw them, you'd know what I
mean."     

The conversation died because I was thinking about Sheila and about Julie.  And about Mom. 
And some others.  Oh, hell.  You know.   

"Want a soda?" Grandpa asked.

"Please," I said.

I was still thinking about them when he returned. 

"Tell me about Julie's family, Rick," Grandpa said as he handed me my soda.            

"She has a mom and a sister.  Her mom's divorced.  She's Mom's, eh, you know, women's
doctor."

"Gynecologist?"

"That's it."

"Well, now that's something.  Is she an obstetrician, too?"

"Huh?" I said.

"Does she deliver babies?"  Grandpa asked. 

"Yes, she does.  Why?  Oh."

He didn't answer, but he was thinking about something and smiling.

"Tell me about the sister," he said.

"Melissa's a freshman in college.  She's as good looking as Julie, but different.  I don't want her
like I want Julie."   

"I understand.  I know a lot of attractive women who don't make me hurt inside like your mother
does."  

"That's it.  I'd fuck Melissa or Dr. Allison in a heartbeat, but Julie makes me hurt inside, just like
you said."

"Who makes you hurt more, Sheila or Julie?"

"Julie, but Sheila's not too far behind."  

Grandpa smiled and closed his eyes.  I waited until he looked at me again.       

"Rick, let me tell you what I'm thinking," he said after a few minutes.  "I came here for two
reasons.  One was to take your mother.  I've wanted her a lot longer than you have and now I've
got her."

"We've got her," I said hopefully.

"No, Rick.  I'll let you fuck her, but she's mine.  You get Julie, and maybe some others.  We'll
see."

"I can think of some others," I said eagerly.

"We don't want them all."

"Why not?" I asked.

"Don't be disappointed.  Why program the ones who'll fuck you anyway?  Seducing them's still
a lot of fun. No, the ones we program will be only the choice ones and Julie's family sounds
choice.  If I like them, I'll keep the mother and give you the sister.  Of course, since you could
fuck mine, I could fuck yours," he said.

"Sure, Grandpa.  A little variety that way."

"Having a houseful of nubile and willing women isn't a bad way to live."

"Bad?  It's a wet dream," I replied. 

"I've got some money saved up.  We'd need a bigger house than this one."

"The Allisons' have a big house.  There's plenty of room for all of us."

"I'll want to meet them first.  If I'm going to have my choice of all the women in the world, I
want to make sure I've got one that makes my dick stand up and shout," he said emphatically.

"Don't worry, Grandpa.  You'll love them."

"What are you two studs talking about?" Mom said sexily as she padded into the room.  

She was naked and looked well fucked.  Her hair was in disarray.  There was cum caked on her
and she smelled like sex.  I couldn't believe this was the woman who wouldn't talk about it just
hours ago.  Hell, I couldn't believe any of this.   

She sat in Grandpa's lap, facing him with her legs outside his.  She kissed him hard, pushing him
back into the chair.  Grandpa put his hands on her breasts and squeezed gently, making my palms
itch.  He gently pushed her away.

"Don't think about sex right now, Vicki," he said.

Mom's demeanor changed.  She slipped off his lap to sit beside him.  Her movements were like
they used to be, except she was naked.    

"All right, Karl," she replied, but she sounded disappointed. 

I cleared my throat and smiled hopefully at Grandpa.  He gave me a dirty look.  

"Tell me about Dr. Allison," Grandpa said to her.  

"Patty?  She's a sweetheart and an excellent doctor. What do you want to know?"

"Start at the beginning."

"She's forty.  I know because her office staff gave her a birthday party a few months ago.  She's
divorced and has two daughters, Melissa and Julie."  

"Does she have a steady boyfriend?"

"She dates a lot of different men, but I know she doesn't have anyone special.  Karl, Patty wants
to talk to me about Julie and Rick.  Let me call her.  Maybe we can go over there tonight and you
can meet her."

"Good idea, Vicki," Grandpa said.  "Go call her."

As my naked Mother walked toward the phone, she stopped and turned toward us.  My cock was
killing me because I wanted to fuck her.

"You know, Karl, she's a beautiful and successful woman."

"Would I like her in bed?" he asked.  

Mom's body language changed.  She was thinking about sex again. 

"Yes, I think you would, but, Karl . . .  she won't be as good as I am," she said sultrily as she
batted her lashes. 

She twitched to the phone. 

"That's amazing," I said, referring to Mom's attitude and actions.

"Yes, she is," Grandpa replied as he watched her.

Mom was back in a moment.  

"She said to come right over," Mom reported.  "What should I wear?"

"A sundress would be nice."

"I don't own one, Karl.  How about a sleeveless blouse and wraparound skirt?"

"Sounds nice, but no panties."

"No panties?  Oh, you're a naughty boy." 

"I'm your naughty boy, sweet pussy, and you're my naughty girl."

"Yes, I am, Karl.  I'm your girl and I want to be as naughty as you'll let me be."

After Mom left to dress, Grandpa said, "The plan's simple.  When we get there, we'll grab Dr.
Allison and squeeze the formula in her mouth. Then I'll program her.  After we finish with her,
I'll program the daughters." 

"What if Julie's there?" I asked.

"You keep her busy."

"Which means?"

"Which means do whatever you need to do to keep her away from her mom," Grandpa said. 

"Will you program Julie's mom like my Mom?"

"No.  There'll be some changes.  When I program Julie, I'll do it like I did your Mom except
make you her man."

"Grandpa, this is mindboggling."

"It sure is.  I wonder where it'll lead."


To be continued.

Please!  Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

My works can be found at ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/E.Z.Riter or www.storiesonline.net
