Buttercup

by Micky (micky@big101.freeserve.co.uk)

I don't mind if you redistribute this providing you don't charge anyone for it, but please leave my 
name and email address on it. All the best, Micky.




...Suddenly my predicament became apparent to me. I opened my eyes to find that I could see only 
darkness - the cloth binding my eyes would not allow any light to pass. I could feel my own breath hot 
on my cheek, so I assumed I was wearing a hood of some sort rather than a blindfold.  Slowly, my 
senses returned, and I realised that I was tied up with my arms held out above my head, spread 
widely. I could touch the floor with my bare feet. I gave a small gasp as I felt someone pull my ankles 
together and fasten a wide band around them. This was accompanied by a small metallic chink.

I could hear shuffling noises around me, and sometimes the cool draught of a body passing close to 
mine. With a shock, I realised that I was stark naked!

I did not move until I heard the sound of an electric motor whirring into life. Immediately, I felt my 
arms being lifted higher and higher, first stretching my arms, then actually lifting my heels off the 
ground. I felt the wide band around my ankles pull tight before my toes left the ground, but not by 
much. As the band stopped my heels lifting further, I could feel my body being stretched, slowly but 
surely.

Abruptly, the motor stopped, and I let out a small moan of discomfort. Suddenly the hood was lifted 
just enough for a large gag to be inserted, feeling like one of the better features of my last boyfriend, I 
decided. Straps were pulled tightly about my head, holding the rubber intruder firmly in place, 
making any sound impossible.

From behind me, a deep, husky female voice suddenly spoke up, "From now on, Buttercup, you will 
be fully aware of what will be happening to you. The first few days will be the worst, but I assure you 
that your suffering will not be in vain."

What?! What did she mean? Suffering and pain? Where the hell am I? Terrified by the rapid turn of 
events, I struggled against my bonds, but to no effect. I was securely bound and entirely naked, at the 
mercy of this deep-voiced female who held me captive.

"I think I had better refresh your memory and to bring you up to date with what has happened to you. 
My name is Sarah. We met in a night club three weeks ago, and talked for a while. I, unknown to you, 
began hypnotising you, and you have been in a semi-conscious state for the last three weeks." Three 
weeks! It can't have been. The last thing I remembered was the night club. Now, I had my sight taken 
away from me, and was being suspended without clothes on. My body was suffering all sorts of new 
sensations.

Sarah continued, "I yearn to create the ultimate erotic female figure. Your body  will undergo changes 
and modifications that would horrify most women, but will give you the most erotically contoured 
body under the sun."

A hand pulled the black hood from my head, and my eyes immediately squinted as the bright light hit 
my face. Slowly, I was able to focus, and found that I had been bound in front of a full length mirror. 
My tear-streaked eyes stared into their reflection as the full horror of my predicament became 
apparent. I was suspended naked in the centre of what appeared to be a large, spartanly furnished 
bedroom. Along the wall behind the mirror was a row of three vast wardrobes, a dressing table was on 
the wall to my left. To my right was a double bed with the strangest of sheets - black and shiny.

A noise behind me trained my attention back to the mirror, where I could see the reflection of the 
middle-aged woman who now controlled me. Her most obvious feature was the mass of curly red hair 
that reached to her minute waist. Over her plain white silk blouse, cut to reveal a large, shapely pair 
of breasts, she wore a wide black belt to emphasise her obviously corseted middle. A long skirt, slit up 
the front, covered her legs, and revealed the incredibly high heeled shoes she wore, apparently without 
trouble.

She came round in front of me and I stared into her heavily made-up face, lots of mascara and 
eyeliner, delightful ruby red lips, a minute diamond in her left nostril. Huge gold hoop earrings hung 
from the first four holes in each ear, smaller rings from the countless holes farther up. As she spoke, 
the flash of metal in her mouth revealed the stud piercing her tongue.

"Take a good look at yourself, as this is the last time you will see your body in this form. The corset I 
am about to dress you in, and the matching collar, will only be removed for ablutions, if you are lucky. 
Otherwise, you will be corseted and collared 24 hours a day. You will wear high heeled shoes or boots 
during every waking moment, whatever you are doing, and you will wear certain apparatus on your 
feet to bed, to aid the correct posture."

She reached up, revealing her perfectly manicured fingernails, also bright red. Clasping the back of 
my head, she reached up and gently kissed me on the forehead.

 "I do not envy you the next few weeks, but please believe me when I say that it will all be worth 
while."

She moved around to my rear, and I could feel something being rubbed over my anus, the horror of 
horrors, being forced inside my back-passage. The sensations of those fingers made me writhe with 
embarrassment. The fingers extracted themselves only to be replaced by a blunt object, my arse cheeks 
being stretched wide open by my tormentors other hand. Pressure was gently applied, forcing the 
object into my anus. My arse felt as if it were being torn in two, and I moaned and squirmed 
uncontrollably in my bonds. The anal intruder kept on moving until the was a slight relaxation in the 
strain on my tender ring. "There now, that wasn't so bad, was it?" she said, patting my bulging 
backside for good measure.

Tears rolled down my cheeks as the woman proceeded to wrap a vast, heavily boned corset around my 
supple body. The corset reached from just above knee height, over my waist, and up to my neck, 
leaving my breasts poking through large cut-outs in the front. It was made of very thick, black rubber, 
and had a huge number of bones embedded within the rubber. Slowly, my captor fastened up the long 
busk in the front.

"Your natural waist measurement in 25 inches, so I think you can be started on the 18 inch corset. 
The lacing process will take about 20 minutes, so just relax while it is being done."

A whirring noise from over my shoulder made me realise that an electric winch was being used to 
crush my poor body into the shape of this medieval instrument of torture.

As the corset tightened, the woman took great care to ensure that the corset fit snugly, and that it 
didn't pinch anywhere. After ten minutes the indentation at my waist was noticeable, and I have to 
admit, very feminine, but I was beginning to get short of breath. After 15 minutes I could only breath 
with small gasps, my chest in agony. My plight was not aided by the fact that I was gagged and could 
only breathe through my nose. Finally, the winch clicked off. I could hardly swallow, let alone 
breathe!

From behind, a collar was placed round my neck, matching exactly the corset in material and design. 
The woman was very careful to avoid trapping my hair as she laced it up the back. The huge collar sat 
on my shoulders, rising up underneath my chin, below my ears and around my hairline. It fit very 
snugly and prevented me from moving my head one iota.

She finished off the lacing and enquired after my health. "Are you all right?" Then, not even waiting 
for answer, as if I could, she continued, "Yes, of course you are. Right, now for some footwear, and 
you can come of this bar,"

She rooted around for something in one of the wardrobes, and returned carrying the most beautiful 
shoes I had ever seen. Holding them up in front of my face, I could examine in every detail the red 
patent leather oxfords with matching ankle straps she held up before me, the detailed stitching, red 
nylon laces, brass padlocks on the straps and the exquisitely tall, slender heels. I had never worn heels 
like these before, and did not think that I would ever be able to walk in them.

"These heels have the minimum heel height. You will NEVER wear anything with less than a 6 inch 
heel unless I give permission specifically. Of course, soon, you will not be able to wear anything 
else!," she said cryptically.

"She kneeled down in front of me and unbound my ankles. Lifting my right foot gently, she inserted it 
into the shoe. I could feel my bare toes pointing their way down into the torturous footwear, and slide 
into the impossible small toe box. My heel slotted into place all to quickly. leaving my instep with a 
near vertical aspect and my toes screaming in discomfort that I knew would soon become agony. The 
laces were quickly snugged, and the strap padlocked about my slender ankle with a click. The process 
was repeated on my other foot and I was soon balanced precariously on these slender stilts, my ankles 
wobbling madly and my knees unable to straighten. 

"We have plenty of time to work on your posture, you will get used to them and adore wearing them 
as I do. Now, let me release you wrists and we can begin your piercing..."

My piercing? What was she talking about? The winch that had stretched my body whirred back into 
life and I felt the tension leave my arms and spine, allowing me to settle into my corset properly for 
the first time. I could not believe the sensations rushing through my body - my tightly bound torso 
crying out in an exquisite mixture of agony and ecstasy; my feet screaming in pain at the incredible 
poise they were being forced into by the cruel shoes; my head, held immobile by the collar clasping 
my neck with it's intimate touch, making it harder for me to breathe...

My wrists were released, and I was led by the hand towards one of the doors. As I stumbled along on 
my heels, my movements severely hampered by the long corset, my captor explained, "I feel that a 
woman who wears jewellery far more attractive than a woman without. Although there are exceptions, 
so far as I am concerned, there are no limits to the quantity and variety of jewellery you will wear. To 
this end, your body will be pierced in the extreme - you will wear as many jewels as can be fitted in 
each ear, your nose will be pierced to allow a single bar to pass from one nostril to the other, your 
tongue will be pierced 4 times, your nipples will be pierced only once each, but they will be stretched 
to accommodate far larger rings, your clitoris, it's hood and your labia will accommodate dozens of 
rings soon."

The shock of what she had said hit me hard, causing me to loose my footing and begin to fall. 
Fortunately, and pair of safe, strong hands caught me. I looked pleadingly into her eyes. I had never 
had my ears pierced as I thought the practice cruel and barbaric, but what she said was in another 
league!

She opened the door, which led into a large, white tiled room. In the centre of the room sat a large 
gynaecologists chair in black leather. Straps hung loosely from the chair and the arms, and I tried to 
back away. I could have that done to me! My tormentor saw what worried me, and comforted me with 
the fact that they were for my own benefit, to make sure I did not struggle too much while I was being 
operated on. This chair, it turned out, would not only be used for my piercing, but also for any other 
"operations" that were deemed necessary.

My heels clattered loudly on the white tiled floor as I walked to the hated chair. I slid into it 
uncomfortably, and quickly found wide straps being passed round my ankles, knees, waist and neck, 
holding me down tightly.

Finally, Sarah was satisfied that I could not move a muscle. "Obviously, it will not be possible to 
pierce your nether regions today, given the corset you now wear, but I think we can make a start on 
your ears, face and breasts."

I writhed in my bondage, trying to find some movement, but all was denied me. Sarah came round 
behind me and pulled my hair up to the top of my head, where she tied it tightly.

"Some of what I am about to do will be almost painless, but some will hurt you a lot - all will be done 
without anaesthetic. Those piercings that hurt the most can be done the easy way, or the hard way - 
the choice is yours. You might as well resign yourself to the fact that when you get out of this chair, 
the piercings will have been done, one way or the other."

I heard her walk a few feet away, then wheel a trolley over to my chair.

"We'll start on your ears, I think. I can't believe you have never even had those pierced!"

I felt her take hold of my right lobe, and using a pen, she marked 20 little dots all the way up my lobe, 
and around the rim. She then proceeded to do the same to my left ear.

"I'll only do the first 5 today, as it is awkward getting the placement right if the holes are too close 
together and there is jewellery in the way."

She turned away and I hear the metallic jangling of instruments on her tray.

"Normally, ears are pierced using a gun, but I prefer using a needle."

 She grabbed hold of my right lobe with a pair of forceps, and almost immediately pushed the needle 
straight through my lobe! I took a sharp intake of breath as the pain hit me, but it very quickly 
subsided into a dull throbbing sensation. Maybe this won't be too bad, I thought. Sarah then withdrew 
the needle, but I could still feel something in the hole, then she released her grip on my ear. Using the 
clear plastic tube left in the hole, she manoeuvred a ring through the hole, then closed it with a ball.

"There now, that wasn't so bad, was it? Only another 9 to go..."

For some time afterwards, she repeated the procedure until I wore 5 rings in each ear, starting from 
the bottom of my lobe, going about half way up. My ears felt numb from her ministrations, but not 
painful. Perhaps she was right, and it wouldn't hurt too much.

"Well, that's your ears. Now for your nose. I am now going to pierce each nostril and your septum, but 
I am going to do it so the holes are in a straight line, allowing me to pass a barbell  all the way 
through. This will undoubtedly be uncomfortable for you, but that cannot be helped."

The thought of what she was going to do now horrified me. How could she do that to my nose! She 
marked each nostril, ensuring they were symmetrical. She was looking me straight in the face as she 
did this, and it gave me an opportunity to examine her piercings.

The tiny diamond stud in her certainly looked very pretty in her nose, but I could not agree with the 
huge amount of jewellery she wore in her ears, I thought the four large rings unattractive, but with the 
further dozen or so, I thought they looked grotesque. What would I finish up looking like?

She moved back in front of me and grabbed my left nostril with a pair of forceps, and pierced if from 
the outside of my nostril. The pain shot up my nose, making me groan into the penis gag she had 
forced into my mouth., She pulled out the needle, leaving the tube within my line of sight. She then 
grabbed my septum very tightly, and pierced that from the left. The pain of that was even worse, and I 
struggled against her attentions, but could do nothing about it. She pulled out the needle, and pierced 
my right nostril from the inside. I now had 3 tubes hanging uncomfortably from my nose, one in each 
nostril, and one in my septum.

"That was the worst bit, but inserting the jewellery won't be comfortable, either!"

Starting from the right, she screwed the barbell into the tube, and pulled it through. Once it was 
through, she unscrewed it, and carefully manoeuvred it into the second tube. That was more awkward, 
but was done successfully. Finally, she screwed it into the last tube and it was pulled through my left 
nostril. To finish it off, she screwed a ball onto the end of the barbell. My nose now felt very funny, 
with the bar in place, and I had no idea what it looked like. I did not want to think about it!

"There now, that was nothing to worry about, was it?"

I looked into her eyes, pleading for my release for the barbaric torture she was putting me through. 
My ears and my beautiful nose were now destroyed forever, and there was nothing I could do about it! 
Tears streamed down my cheeks, some from crying, some from having my nose so roughly dealt with.

"Hmmm... what next? I know, I'll do your nipples."

My nipples! I had forgotten about those. Christ, was nothing sacred?  

She leaned forward, and gently took my left nipple between her succulent, red lips, teasing it gently 
with her tongue until the traitorous thing began to swell and engorge. Was I actually getting turned on 
by this?

She dried it off, marked each side with the pen, and grasped it firmly with the forceps. I watched as 
she pushed the needle through, stretching the skin, the little drop of deep red blood as it made it's exit. 
The pain was agony! Quickly, she placed a large steel ring in it, and began to repeat the procedure 
with my right nipple, carefully tantalising my nipple to full size. Pleasure and pain - I could hardly 
cope!

Soon, it was over, and she took a step back. "We are not finished yet, but I could certainly do with a 
break. I am going to release your gag now. I don't want to hear a peep out of you, or you will regret 
it."

She undid the buckle by the side of my head, and pulled the cruel gag out with an audible pop.

"Why..." I started, but she pressed one manicured finger to my lips.

"Hush, my sweet. What did I tell you? I can understand this is very difficult for you, but I know you 
will come to love what I am doing. I think it is only fair that I answer one question before I continue. 
You may not be able to talk too well soon..."

"Why are you doing this to me?" I managed to say.

"I am not as young as you are, my body is not as flexible as yours, I could never get my waist as small 
as yours will be. As for the shoes and piercings, although I could partake just as much as you will, I 
think they will suit a beautiful young girl like yourself far more than me."

She clicked her way out of sight, and I heard another trolley being pulled closer.

"Right," said Sarah, "I think we'd better do your beautiful mouth now. 

"No... Please don't do this, I beg you." I had seen the stud in her tongue, and I did not want to have 
that done to me.

"What did I tell you about being quiet. I can do this just as easily with you silenced, but doing it will 
hurt you a lot. Are you going to be quiet?"

"Please! NO! You can't do this to me!" I shouted

"Don't say I didn't warn you!" said Sarah angrily. "I gave you the chance to co-operate, something you 
obviously don't feel inclined to do. Your choice."

She walked behind the chair, and I heard her open a drawer and pull out something which jangled 
loudly.

She returned with a mass of metalwork and leather straps.

"Open wide, Buttercup!"

I held my mouth firmly closed, but she simply held my nose, her finger nails dangerously close to my 
eyes. I tried to shake off her strong grip but I was held too firmly.

As soon as I opened my mouth to breathe, I found the metal contraption being forced into my mouth. 
It consisted of two rubber lined trays which fitted over my teeth, and a  strap on either side. The strap 
went from the top and bottom tray, then joined into one in a vee, where it went behind my head. She 
quickly fastened the implement into my mouth, where it proved to be impossible to close my mouth.

Turning a screw, she slowly jacked my mouth open with the gag, and I was unable to do anything 
about it! My jaws were opened until I felt they would pop apart, then she stopped.

"This would have so much more comfortable if you had done this quietly, Buttercup. I am sorry."

She grabbed my tongue with a pair of forceps, carefully placing them centrally, about half way back. I 
moaned in discomfort, but what could I do?

Grabbing a needle, she pierced my tongue, inserting a plastic tube. I thought that was it, but she 
repeated the procedure three more times, twice on each side of my tongue. Only then, with 4 tubes 
sticking rudely out, did she release her grip with the forceps. Soon, I was wearing barbells in each 
hole. My tongue felt like a piece of wood, thick and swollen. I tried to talk, but could get nothing 
comprehensible out past the gag.

"Ha, ha! You'll be like that for a couple of days now, until the swelling goes down. Now, I've just got 
to do your lips."

What was she going to do to my lips? My beautiful, full lips?

"Now, I can do this with the gag in place, or out. Which would you prefer?"

I tried to say "Without," and fortunately, Sarah took pity and slowly let my jaws relax. She undid the 
strap, and removed the hated piece of metal.

"Don't fret about this, but I am going to give you some permanent make-up, colour your lips a 
beautiful bright red forever!"

"No!" I slurred, "You can't do that!"

"Please, Buttercup, don't plead. It doesn't suit you."

She picked up something from the tray, and I soon heard a buzzing sound. She was going to tattoo my 
lips!

This hurt a lot, but I had given up struggling by this point, and it didn't take very long. She carefully 
went around the outline of my lips, giving me an exquisite cupids bow, then filled in the rest. My lips 
were beginning to swell up by this point, but mercifully, she put down the gun and said, "That will do 
for today, but that is by no means the last of the piercings, tattoos or other modifications I have in 
store for you!"

* * *

The next few days were spent somewhat of a daze and I began to fall into a regular, well defined 
routine.

Every night, I was fastened into a strict corset, only slightly looser than my regular corset, about 19 
inches. The corset was made of thick black rubber, with many strips of boning in it, and reached from 
my armpits to my knees. I can assure you that I couldn't move a muscle with it wrapped around my 
body! Next, my arms were rubbed with cream before a pair of long, black, thick rubber gloves which 
were laced up the side very tightly, preventing me from flexing my elbows at all. A very high collar 
was then fastened round my neck, matching the corset about my body. It was very stiffly boned and 
held my mouth closed firmly. Finally, Sarah would slip a pair of slippers onto my feet, but these were 
no ordinary slippers! They resembled ballet slippers, with toe-boxes and a strip of metal running back 
to a strap to be fastened about my ankle., The were entirely of metal construction with a rubber lining. 
My toes were squeezed into the boxes, and  the strap pulled up to my ankle - this had the effect of 
forcing my feet into a ballet point, putting constant strain on my feet, bending my toes under my feet. 
I was told that this was to ensure my feet never relaxed and would make it far easier for me to wear 
high heels. Unfortunately, it would also mean that over a period of time, the tendons in my ankles 
would shorten, and it wasn't long before I was uncomfortable trying to place my foot flat on the floor. 
I was then covered with a heavy rubber quilt which was fastened to the bed with a series of straps, 
holding my flat to the bed, totally unable to move. 

At first, I found it difficult to sleep. The pain from my piercings, feet and corset were too much to 
bear, but after a while, the piercings healed, and my body became accustomed to it's constraints and 
sleep came to me more easily.

A fortnight after my first session in the chair, Sarah told me she was going to use a short corset on me 
that day - it would still be just as tight, but would only come down to my pelvis, leaving my groin 
exposed. Suddenly I remembered what she said about further piercings, and I realised that today was 
going to be the day!

She finished off lacing up my 18" corset, replaced my "slippers" on my feet and fastened a very high, 
strict posture collar around my slender neck.

"Come on, Buttercup, I think you know what is going to happen now."

Despite becoming more used to my predicament, I was terrified!

"Sarah, please don't do this to me..."

"Would you like to be gagged, Buttercup?" she asked with menace.

"No, Sarah. Thankyou."

She led me slowly down the corridor to the room, and had me sit in the black doctors chair. I was 
strapped down in short order, and had top listen to Sarah collecting everything she needed and 
clattering them down on the metal tray...










