Miranda and the Country Walk
by redfacedandnaked

Hello I'm back again. This happened last summer, but I haven't caught up yet. I seem to be getting into more and more scrapes!

It was a lovely day last summer. Linzi and I had driven to the countryside near the town we live in, parked up at a charming country pub and had lunch. Afterwards we went for a walk across the fields. Soon we were miles from anywhere.

We came to a small stream. There was a choice of some stepping stones where we were or, further down-stream a small bridge. Fatefully we chose the stepping stones.

Linzi got across with no problems. I was just over half way when I slipped, tried to jump to the next stone, missed and fell in the water. I noticed two things. It was deep enough to soak me completely and it was surprisingly cold!

I struggled to my feet. Linzi was no help; she just stood there laughing. My thin cotton sundress was clinging to my every curve, my bra and knickers soaked through. I was shivering from the coldness of the water.

We moved into the field. It was lovely and sunny.

Linzi made a suggestion.

"Why don't you get those wet things off, we can dry them on the tree over there? Anyway I fancy sunbathing."

With that she began peeling off her clothes! I looked around. We were in the middle of no-where, surely it would be ok? Linzi stuffed her clothes into her bag.

I stepped out of my wet dress, bra and with a quick nervous look round, my knickers. Carefully I hung them from the branches of a nearby tree. It was a bit shady there so Linzi suggested moving into the sun.

We picked a spot and Linzi and I lay down on the soft grass, both naked! I looked at my friend, slimmer and less curvy than me, but with fabulous legs. It felt strange lying there naked, feeling the warm sun and the occasional cooling breeze on my skin. We were giggling and chatting, but the lunchtime wine began to take effect and I felt drowsy. Linzi was having the same problem and carelessly we nodded off!

I don't know how long we dozed for it may have been five minutes or fifty. When I woke I knew I needed a pee. In spite of being in the middle of nowhere I felt the need for privacy so I headed into the bushes, on the far side of the field. It was an exhilarating feeling walking naked through the field. Once in the bushes I did what I needed to do, feeling strangely liberated by the experience.

When I came out I was greeted by surprise.

There was a tractor in the field, Linzi was gone and so were my clothes!

I dived back into the bushes and began to fight rising panic.

I assessed the situation. I was naked, miles from the car, my friend and my clothes were nowhere to be seen. I gave in to panic for a few moments and swore repeatedly.

Then I realised this was getting me nowhere. The tractor and driver were blocking my return. Luckily we had been on a roughly circular walk so I could continue the way I was heading. The only downside was being naked!

I set off along the path. Whereas earlier it had been deserted, now it was like a motorway! Joggers and cyclists appeared at regular intervals. I dived into the bushes as each went past.

I considered stopping female joggers or cyclists, but until it was too late I couldn't tell who was who, so I had to hide until it was too late to stop them.

It was slow going, having to hide every few minutes. Then I came to an obstacle -- a road. The path crossed quite a busy road. It was a few yards in the open, on each side of the road. Twice I crept towards the road, then I had to scurry back as a car approached. Both tooted their horns at me. This was getting serious; someone undesirable might stop!

I waited until the next car passed then sprinted, boobs jiggling across the road... and bumped straight into a couple of walkers coming the other way! From my position on the floor, legs embarrassingly parted I could see it was a middle-aged couple, husband and wife I guessed. He was tall, over six foot, she was nearer my size. He was clearly enjoying the view; she just looked bored.

"I'm so sorry," I gabbled launching into an explanation for my nakedness. "I really need your help to get back to the Oak Tree pub. Please help me." I broke down in tears, which streamed unchecked down my face.

"Of course we'll help" he said offering me a tissue, "I'm Keith, by the way."

Taking the tissue meant uncovering my boobs, but it seemed rude not to take it. Keith seemed pleased by the increased exposure.

"The Oak Tree is miles out of our way. I'll miss my programmes on the telly," said the woman with a snotty tone to her voice.

Keith wasn't going to abandon me so easily.

"Well then Marie, you go on and take the car. I'll help this young lady and get the bus later."

"Go on then, Keith, you help your damsel in distress and abandon me."

With that she walked off.

"Don't mind her, she loves playing the martyr." Keith said, reassuringly. "Come on then lass."

"Um, Keith..." I said. He stood still. "I'm naked, remember, can I borrow your shirt?"

"Oh yes, how silly of me."

He was wearing a short-sleeved shirt over a white t-shirt. A moment later I was wearing the shirt as a dress. It was a little loose and it just came to below my bum. I thanked him profusely.

We came to the edge of the road. As we stood there he slyly put his hand on my bum, under the pretext of steering me forward as we crossed. I didn't complain. He seemed more nervous than me about the situation.

As we walked, we talked about my predicament. He seemed to like talking about the nude sunbathing bit. He also took every opportunity to touch me; my arm, my hand, my shoulder and my back.

I'm a bit ashamed of what I did next. If by some chance you're reading this Keith, I apologise. We sat down for a rest. He sat cross-legged on the floor; I perched on a fallen tree. I knew he was looking at my legs and I could see that he was trying to hide a growing erection in his shorts. I couldn't resist the temptation to tease him a little.

I allowed my legs to drift apart! From where he was sitting he must have had a view of my pussy!! I felt so naughty, it was wonderful! Poor Keith! I wondered if he could see how wet I was? The small damp spot on his shorts suggested that he was enjoying the view. I took pity on him and put my legs back together, before standing up.

"Miranda, can I ask you something?"

"Yes, Keith?"

"Will you stop, please?"

"Stop what?" I asked innocently.

As I said this I stretched my arms upwards, arching my back. This raised the bottom of the shirt to show off my pubic hair and pushed my boobs out. The poor man didn't know where to look! He was tore between staring at my display and looking away in embarrassment. I loved the feeling of control.

"Please, Miranda, I'm not sure I can cope."

"Cope?" I echoed, before I twirled round and leant forward against a tree, to display my bum, for an instant. "Cope with what?"

He paused and sighed.

"It's been a long time since I've had anything to do with a pretty, curvy, nearly naked girl. Please stop teasing me like that."

I stopped moving about and in my most sincere voice said, "I wasn't teasing, I just felt comfortable and happy. I'm sorry if I upset you Keith."

"I'm not upset; just frustrated."

He glanced down at the damp patch on his shorts, still being pushed out by his erection. I pretended to notice for the first time.

"Oh, gosh! Am I responsible for that! I am so sorry Keith." I gushed. "Do you want to sort yourself out?"

"Good God no!" he exclaimed, "I'll be fine, just stand still."

I decided enough was enough and when he seemed more composed, we set off for the pub once more. He still kept touching my shoulders and arm, but nowhere else.

At the pub Linzi was waiting.

"Thank goodness you're ok!"

"Where did you go?" I asked

Linzi explained that when she heard the tractor I was nowhere to be seen, so she had rushed to gather up my clothes and then get dressed her self. She'd looked around for me, but failing to find me, she had decided to go back to the car and wait.

We embraced, and then she said, "Who's your friend?"

"This is Keith he's my knight in shining armour. Once I'm dressed we're buying him a drink, then giving him a lift home."

Keith really enjoyed the drink, with us. He seemed to be in no rush to get home; that might have been because it would have meant moving his hand from where it was resting on my thigh, but I felt I owed him that.

Finally we dropped him off outside his house. I got out, flung my arms round his neck and kissed him, full on the lips, for just long enough to allow him to hug me once more.

"That will make your wife jealous if she saw" I giggled.

He blushed. "Thank you Miranda, for making an old man very happy, today."

"You're welcome my knight in shining armour."

Back in the car I told Linzi all about my teasing.

"You're getting to like this aren't you?"

"This? What do you mean?"

"Naked at the art class; nearly naked at the charity fun run; now naked in the countryside. I can tell you're excited by it. By the way, Saskia, from the art class wants to know when you're going to ring her?" 
