Amy’s Life

Amy’s Life... Part Five A
by PinkPanther

“Oh my god, I’m in. I’ve actually hacked the board. Quick, where is it? Ah, there you are. Now let’s take a look.”

“Oh my god, Tiff, you’ve actually hacked the pantsing board, what does it say about me?”

“It says, Lou, is the biggest loser on the planet.”

“No, it doesn’t, Tiff.”

“You’re right it doesn’t Lou. But it does describe Amy pretty well.”

“Tiff you’re such a tease.”

“Oh yeah I remember doing that to Chloe, she has a great bum.”

“Tiffany, it’s only cause you fancy her.”

“Oh shut up Lou, let me concentrate on what to write.”

“Fine, what are you going to write Tiff?”

“Well, all the other entries are written in this diary format. I think I’ll just copycat revenged pirates style.”

“You think that’ll work Tiff?”

“Sure why not, it’ll be easy Lou. Now shut up and I’ll start writing.”

“Ok, Tiff.”

“MONDAY AUGUST 1ST 2016”

“Tiff, why have you written the date like that? It’s all messed up, you should start again.”

“Lou I told you to shut up. Besides, that’s how they write.”

“Who writes like that Tiff?”

“Revengedpirate whoever they are Lou. So I’m copying what they write like.”

“Oh!! I see, well it’s very backward if you ask me, Tiff.”

“Well I didn’t, can I start now? Or are you interrupting any more Lou?”

“No, you’re good to start Tiff.”

“Thank you, Lou.”

“No problem.”

“MONDAY AUGUST 1ST 2016”

“Won’t they be mad though Tiff?”

“Who Lou? Me, yes if you keep interrupting me.”

“No Tiff, RevengedPirate for stealing their work.”

“Maybe but I don’t care Lou. I'm writing the next chapter whether they like it or not.”

“Ok fine Tiff.”

“Have you any more questions or queries Lou?”

“Not really Tiff.”

"Good, "

I was in my bed, at 8 am. I had just pranked Chloe the day before. It was hilarious hearing her scream, as she tried to leave the boys changing room.

I got up and walked over to my full-length mirror on my wardrobe. I had bare legs, skinny and long, they protruded from my pink nightie, which had ponies on it. My blonde hair came down to the small of my back.

I look really beautiful, and I’m a DD cup, which all the girls are envious of.

“Don’t lie Tiff you’re a B cup.”

“Lou, I told you to keep a lookout.”

“Well, I am. Tell your story without lying.”

“Fine Lou.”

Anyway as I was saying, I walked barefooted along the upstairs landing into the bathroom whereupon I brushed my teeth and had a shower.

“Yeah, you did a number two, too Tiff.”

“Shut up Lou. Yes, I went to the toilet happy?”

“Hahaha, yes I’m ecstatic.”

“Oh shut up and let me finish Lou.”

I did my business then I walked back to my bedroom where I got dressed. I put on matching baby pink underwear.

“Wait, Tiff, you wear diapers during the day because of your problems.”

“Shut up Lou. I didn’t have problems at that time, honestly.”

“Ohhh, that explains it.”

“Lou shut up, I’ll tell the audience my problems but I’m not that far in the story yet. Now shut up and let me finish.”

“Ok sorry, Tiff.”

I put on matching baby pink underwear, then pulled on a white T-shirt before pulling up my Jean skirt and zipping it up.

I then went into my drawers and pulled out a pair of ankle-high white socks which I put on.

It was a glorious hot summers day, and I skipped downstairs to breakfast. At breakfast, I ate sausages, bacon…

“Yada yada yada yawn, get on with the story Tiff, so you ate a big hot breakfast and it was a sunny day. Big deal.”

“Lou shut up.”

After breakfast, Emily rang me and invited me over to her house, for a pool party. All these cute guys would be there and of course Emily and her other girlfriends.

“Hey, how come I wasn’t invited, Tiff?”

“Are you one of Emily’s friends Lou?”

“Well no. But you could have invited me, Tiff?”

“Sorry, but it wasn’t my party.”

So I ran upstairs, and put my cute blue two-piece on under my Skirt and T removing my underwear. I then headed to Emily's house. The party was huge. Half the school had turned out. Emily and I sunbathed next to the pool. It was so relaxing.

"Sounds nice, So what happened Tiff?"

"I'm getting there, Lou."

There were some older guys, there, I think Emily's older brother was there. He must've invited a few guys from his year because Matt was there.

"Nikki's Boyfriend? Tiff."

"Yes."

"What without Nikki? Tiff."

"Yes, you're interrupting me again Louise."

"I'm sorry. Tiff, wait what is that?"

"what is it, Louise?”

“Who’s coming through the front door Tiff?”

“How the hell am I meant to know? Im in here with you Lou?”

“I thought you might know who’s house you’ve broken into Tiff.”

“Well I don’t, all I know is this house belongs to…”

“I can hear someone coming up the stairs Tiff.”

“Quick Lou, out the window, we’ll finish this another time.”


Amy’s Life... Part Five B
by PinkPanther

“Good!! We're back in Lou, now I can finish."

"Damn it, we were just getting to the good part, so what happened Lou."

Not only was Matt there, but he was also heavily flirting with Georgie King, a Skinny blonde in his science class. She was flirting back, and both were really enjoying each other's company. Well, some of Nikki's friends were there, and they definitely didn't look too happy with either of them. It was when both were on a sun lounger together, it happened, Georgie lent in and kissed him. He most definitely was kissing her back.

Alan and Mike took pictures of their passionate kiss. Rosie, Claire, and Zoe, however, did not take pictures. They looked thoroughly pissed off. I didn't see where the group went but they seemed to have left the party shortly after.

"What Happened Tiff?"

"Well as I said, the five seem to disappear."

Anyway, an hour later, Matt had taken to diving in the water. Whilst Georgie had gone upstairs to the bathroom. Just as Matt tried to get out of the pool, Mike grabbed his Swim shorts. Matt's trunks came off easily and Mike threw them to Alan. So there's Matt, pulling himself onto the side completely naked.

"Oh my God!! I'd love to see him naked, especially his willy Tiff."

"well..."
He covered his junk with his hands, and at first, I thought he was going to get into the house. Mike and Alan Quickly followed grabbing him and pulling his arms away. The trio had strong momentum though and fell right onto my sunbed. Matt's bare penis rubbed my leg, I shrieked, and as the four of us scrambled on the bed, I got kneed in the groin, by Matt, and Alan. I was in total pain and started crying, as the three guys continued their squabble.

"Oh Tiff, is that why you wear diapers now?"

"Yes, they damaged my Pelvis and bladder. I'm in constant pain when I pass water now Lou."

"Oh, poor you. I'm so very sorry. What happened after? Did you see how big Matt was?"

"No, I was in too much pain. From what I heard, from Emily afterward, it was four inches."

"Haha!! Seriously!!"

"I told you, I didn't see."

Emily saw I was hurt and rang for an ambulance, I was taken to the hospital. They treated my injuries as best they could. Emily came to the hospital to visit me. When she was there she showed me a video. Unfortunately, she hadn't filmed the boy's fight. She had however filmed Rosie, Claire, and Zoe carrying a completely naked Georgie out to the pool. Georgie was putting up a really good fight, but it didn't stop the three girls, from baring her little B cup tits and bald pussy. The crowd was roaring with laughter as she was thrown unceremoniously into the pool. She absolutely flew threw the air and landed spectacularly in the pool.

Georgie dragged her small frame out of the water. It didn't end there though. Alan and mike grabbed her and threw her bare arse out onto the street, She had to run home naked.

"Oh my god, that sounds so Embarrassing."

"Yeah, it does. Anyway, let's get out of here, before Revenged pirate returns."

"Yes Definitely. See you."


Amy’s Life... Part Six
by Revengedpirate

TUESDAY AUGUST 2ND 2016

"I'm so glad Matt, Didn't see me naked yesterday. That was so humiliating. I'm never going to one of Thomas's parties again." said Georgie as she dressed.

"RING RING"

"Hello?" Georgie answered her pink phone.

"Hey Babes, It's me, Matt, let's go out," said Matt.

"What about your girlfriend Nikki?" asked Georgie.

"Well, I'll tell her she's not invited." Said Matt.

"Haha. You know what I mean. Besides your friends definitely don't like me." Said Georgie.

"I don't care what my friends think, I'm dumping Nikki, I mean she looks really weird with a bald head." Said Matt.

"You can take me out on two conditions. One you dump Nikki, before the end of August," said Georgie.

"Done, and condition two?" Asked Matt.

"We go somewhere, away from your friends." Said Georgie.

"Fine. How about France for a week? It'd be great. Just You and I. No one else." Said Matt.

"I'd Love that. Let's Go." Said Georgie.

"O.K. I'll pick you up in an hour. Bye babes." Said Matt.

"See you in an hour, Babes." Said Georgie hanging up the phone.

"Well Harriet, I'd better get ready, and packed." Said Georgie, to her cuddly pink teddy bear.

The bear looked blankly back at her.

Meanwhile, Matt rang Nikki.

"Hi Nikki," said Matt.

"Don't you dare!! "Hi Nikki" me. I heard what you did yesterday, you cheating, little prick," said Nikki.

"That's sort of why I rang you." Said Matt.

"You want to apologize? Well, I don't accept it you cheating scumbag." Said Nikki.

"No. I'm Dumping you." Said Matt.

"You're Dumping me? You're dumping me? Over the phone? You haven't even the balls to do it to my face? Why am I not surprised you fucking arsehole." Said Nikki.

"Well, I haven't time to come over I'm off to France." Said Matt.

"You're off to France with that little tramp aren't you?" Said Nikki.

"Don't call her a little tramp, or I'll call you a bald-headed skank." Said Matt.

"Fuck You!!!!!!!!!" screamed Nikki slamming the phone down.

"BLEEP BLEEP" "BLEEP BLEEP" "BLEEP BLEEP"

Matt looked at his phone. Nikki had sent him two videos and a picture before blocking him. He opened it. He saw loads of people at a pool party, all laughing. there he was being held by Alan and Mike, completely Bollock naked, standing in front of them all. His 4-inch penis standing to attention. In the next video was Georgie.

Rosie, Claire, and Zoe were standing next to Georgie. Georgie looked beautifully stunning in her red one-piece. He watched as suddenly, Georgie was grabbed from behind by Rosie. Georgie kicked and struggled, as Zoe grabbed her swim costume by the top.

"Let me go," screamed Georgie.

"You would like that, wouldn't you, but we're stripping you naked, and showing everyone. You'd like that, wouldn't you bitch?" Said Rosie.

"No please I've done nothing to you," said Georgie.

"Yes, you have. You kissed our friend's boyfriend. bad move." Said Claire.

"No," Screamed Georgie

Claire and Zoe grabbed Georgie's legs and lifted her in the air. The three girls carried the struggling girl downstairs.

"No, let me go please," screamed Georgie.

This brought everyone's attention to the stairs, and a crowd had started to form in the room below. The room lead straight out onto the pool deck where the party was. At least twenty to thirty people had gathered at the foot of the stairs, with more pushing forward trying to see. That's when Zoe grabbed the top of Georgie's costume, unmercifully pulling it completely down, and threw the one-piece into the crowd.

"nooooooooo......" Shrieked Georgie at the top of her voice.

But what got more laughs than anything was the fact Georgie had skin-colored fillets enhancing her B cups. Both of which had stayed in place once her costume was gone, but now fell slowly to the floor. Georgie had tears of shame rolling down her face as she was then carried naked to the pool.

Matt opened the picture. It was him and Georgie kissing.

He sat back on his bed watching the film of Georgie again, before remembering to start packing.

Meanwhile, It was the morning after her party, and Emily was shocked at what happened to Tiffany. Emily got up and went to the hospital to visit her in the hospital. Emily brought Tiffany grapes and spent the day with her relaxing.


Amy’s Life... Part Seven A
by Revengedpirate

WEDNESDAY AUGUST 3RD 2016

Amy woke up at 8 am like usual. Amy had spent the last few days, trying to forget her photoshoot. Amy stood up in her pink flowery nightie and stretched her arms. She went over to her window and pulled back the curtains. The sky was a light blue, and the sun had just come up. Amy yawned grabbed her towel and headed for the bathroom. Amy took her nightie off and got into the tub.

Amy heard the doorbell go as she turned the water on. The water was really warm and so relaxing. Amy washed with the soap before grabbing her towel and drying herself. She took her bra, and carefully put it on, before filling it with her fillets. Her small chest looked to enlarge all by itself. Amy then pulled on matching panties before wrapping the towel around herself.

Amy left the bathroom and headed to her bedroom down the hall. She opened her door and was shocked to see Chloe and Emily in her room.

"Hey Cutie pie," said Chloe.

"Aww so sexy in just her towel," said Emily.

"Shut up you two. What are you doing here?" Asked Amy Surprised.

"Well you're Sister and Chloe said you've been bummed a lot lately. So we're going to have a sleepover but first, we have to go out and get supplies. Though I'm pretty sure you're not going out in your underwear." Giggled Emily.

"I don't know she looks kinda cute." Said Chloe.

"Shut up, of course, I'm getting dressed." Said Amy.

"O.K. Let's look for a T." Said Chloe.

"Amy keeps her T's in this drawer..." Said, Emily, opening the top drawer on Amy's dresser and looking inside.

"No not that drawer....." Said Amy but it was too late.

Emily looked inside the open drawer and had lifted out the pink Jigglypuff crop top, and pink shorts. Amy's mum had washed them and carefully placed them in there the night before. Amy flushed pink.

"Oh my god, this outfit is so cute. You've got to show us you wearing it." Said Emily.

"But, it's so embarrassing." Said Amy, not wanting to indulge as to why.

"That's it. She's most definitely wearing it." Said Chloe.

"I'm most definitely not!!" Said, Amy stubbornly.

"Well then, let's give her a choice. Either she wears that, willingly out the door. Or she goes out in her underwear." Said Emily.

"Yes. I agree." Said Chloe.

"Please don't make me," begged Amy.

"Amy don't make us force you. we're both stronger than you." Said Emily.

"Fine. Pass it here." Said Amy begrudgingly.

"Give it to her Emily," said Chloe.

"Here you are, Amy." Said Emily, passing Amy the T.

Amy dropped her towel and put the T on.

"Are you happy now?" Asked Amy.

"Oh, That so suits you." Said Emily.

"Here you are, Amy." Said Chloe, handing Amy a pair of knickers.

"I'm already wearing knickers, Chloe?" Said Amy.

"Yes but we want you to change into this pair." Said Chloe.

"Fine but both of you look away." Said Amy.

"why? We're all girls." Said Emily.

"Yes but you're both into girls." Said, Amy.

"I'm not." Said Emily.

"Fine. We get it-you're Shy, we'll face the window happy? And you can face the door, so if we do look, we'll only see your bum." Said Chloe.

"I'm not. She called me a rug muncher. No offense Chloe." Said Emily.

"I'm not offended, but I definitely need to educate my friends on what a lesbian does. I mean you and Tiffany make me sound like a complete pervy bitch. Which I'm not." Said Chloe.

"I'm Still not sure about removing my knickers." Said Amy.

"Oh for fuck sake." Said Emily.

Emily threw the pink shorts on the floor and walked towards Amy. Amy backed into the door. Emily reached out, grabbed Amy's thong, and quickly whisked it down before Amy could stop her.

"Noooo" screamed Amy.

"Oh wow." Said Chloe staring at Amy's bared crotch.

Emily backed up and looked at Amy's crotch herself.

"Oh wow." Said Emily.

"what?" Asked Amy.

"You'll never get a guy with that much hair." Said Chloe.

"What do you know?" Asked Amy.

"She's right Amy. Boys like a smooth garden." Said Emily.

"Well, I can't do anything about it now, can I?" Asked Amy.

"Hold on, I'll be back." Said Chloe.

"Where's Chloe going?" Asked Amy.

"I don't know, but what I do know, smile Amy." Said Emily.

FLASH

"What." Screamed Amy.

"And send." Said Emily.

"What have you done?" Asked Amy.

"I wanted a boy's opinion, so I sent you're pussy pic, along with three other pussy pics to every guy I know, asking which they prefer." Said Emily.

Amy looked at her mouth agape.

"Every guy you know has just seen my pussy? Oh my god, that's so embarrassing." Said, Amy.

"Don't worry, I didn't show your face, look." Said Emily.

"I think I'm Going to be sick." Said Amy.

That's when Amy's door was shoved open, and Amy fell into Emily's arms.

"Quick grab her legs." Shouted Nikki.

Emily was still holding Amy's arms, as Amy had her legs lifted.

"Put me down, no, what's going on?" Screamed Amy.

"We are clearing away your bush. Don't worry, it won't take long." Said, Sami.

"Wait no, please leave me alone." Screamed Amy.

"That's it lie her on the floor. Lift her shirt up Emily." Said Henny.

Amy was now held on the floor, her T above her bra, and her legs spread wide, with Chloe sitting in between them. Nikki was holding Amy's bare left leg, whilst Henny was holding Amy's bare right leg. Emily was holding Amy's hands above Amy's head. Sami had her phone in her hand filming. Emily lent over Amy's chest doing her best to cover Amy's face from the shot.

"Amy Stay still, I'll make sure the camera doesn't get your face in the shot." Said Emily.

"Don't worry Amy. It won't take me long." Said Chloe.

"Please stop filming me, I'm bottomless," screamed Amy, before bursting into tears.

It was then she felt Chloe's hands get her pussy hair wet, with warm water she got from a bowl. Chloe had just started to put the shaving cream on Amy's pussy.


Amy’s Life... Part Seven B
by Revengedpirate

Author's note: This chapter uses a lot of french, Which takes time to translate hence the small chapter. The rough translations to English are in brackets.

Meanwhile, at St. Pancreas Station London, Georgie and Matt were waiting to board the Eurostar to Paris.

"Combien de temps dure ce voyage?" (How long does this trip last?) Asked a french lady nearby, who did not speak English.

"Matt, I can't wait till we board the train to France." Said Georgie excitedly looking around.

"I can't wait either, you look so beautiful with your long blonde hair down like that." Said Matt.

Georgie kissed him as the queue toward passport control shrank. Matt and Georgie would be next after the French couple in front of them.

"I wish this frigging queue would hurry up, these Frenchies in front are taking so loooong." Said Georgie.

"Be patient, my beautiful girl." Said Matt.

"Cette petite Anglaise grossière, nous appelant Frenchies, j’adorerais la mettre sur mon genou et la fesser." (This rude little English woman, calling us Frenchies, I would love to put her over my knee and spank her.) Said the french woman in front.

"Ne t’inquiète pas mon cher regard à cela." (Don't worry my dear look at this.) He said speaking to his wife.

"Excusez-moi, ma chérie, désolée de vous déranger, mais nous étions assis derrière cette fille blonde et ce gars aux cheveux noirs dans le train pour cette gare." (Excuse me, my dear, sorry to bother you, but we were sitting behind that blonde girl and black-haired guy on the train to this station.)

La jeune fille aux cheveux blonds se vantait d’avoir de la cocaïne fourrée dans sa brassière et un couteau caché dans sa basket. (The blonde-haired girl boasted of having cocaine stuffed into her brassière and a knife hidden in her sneakers.)

Elle a également dit que toutes les Français dames, avoir un bâton jusqu’à leur derrière, parce qu’ils semblent tous si arrogants et impolis. (She also said that all French ladies, have a stick up their backside, because they all seem so arrogant and rude.)" Said the Man in front to the customs lady.

"Est-ce qu’elle a maintenant, eh bien, je crois qu’elle doit être mise à sa juste place, juste Abélia. (Does she now, well, I think she needs to be put in her rightful place, Abelia)" said the first customs lady, Saby.

"Tant que je peux chauffer ses petits fesses anglaises. hahaha... (As long as I can heat her little English buttocks. hahaha...)" Said Abélia.

"Mais bien sûr mon cher ami.Merci monsieur d’avoir porté ce point à notre attention. Cette petite fille va regretter d’être montée dans notre train. (But of course my dear friend. Thank you, sir, for bringing this to our attention. This little girl will regret getting on our train.)" Said Laby.

"Pas de problème passer une bonne journée. (No problem have a good day.)" Said the man smiling to his wife.

"bon voyage Monsieur et Madame. (Have a nice trip Mr. and Mrs.)" Said Abélia.

The couple boarded the train, and Georgie and Matt moved to the front.

"Hello et bienvenue à l’Eurostar, nous espérons que vous apprécierez votre voyage. (Hello and welcome to Eurostar, we hope you enjoy your trip.)" Said Abélia.

"Oh, Thanks. What did she say?" Georgie asked in an undertone to Matt.

Georgie's french was absolutely terrible.

"I believe she said, hello enjoy your trip." Said Matt whose french was also rusty.

The pair boarded the train and Matt went off down to the luggage cart to put their luggage away. Whilst Georgie looked for a seat just as the train started to pull away. Georgie noticed the train was packed and extremely busy, as Abélia led two surly gentlemen, and two women, who were older than her, right up to her.

"S’il vous plaît pouvons-nous voir votre carte d’embarquement et votre passeport. (Please can we see your boarding pass and passport.)" Said Abélia.

"I'm sorry. I don't speak french, Parles-tu Anglais? (do you speak English?) " Asked Georgie.

"No." Said Abélia.

"Cachez-vous de la cocaïne ou une arme sur votre personne? (Are you hiding cocaine or a weapon on your person?)" Asked one of the men.

"Huh? I don't understand?" Said Georgie.

"Cachez-vous de la cocaïne ou une arme sur votre personne? (Are you hiding cocaine or a weapon on your person?)" Said the man repeating his question.

"I Don't know." Said Georgie confused.

"Elle ment. La petite Anglaise ne peut pas aller en France et ne pas parler Français. Elle ne peut pas être aussi stupide. (She's lying. The little English girl can't go to France and not speak French. She can't be that stupid.)" Said Abélia.

"Peut-être qu’elle ne parle pas Français, il faudra regarder. (Maybe she doesn't speak French, you'll have to search.)" Said the man.

"Petite fille anglaise, consentez-vous à être fouillée. préférez-vous en public ou en privé? (Little English girl, consent to be searched. do you prefer in public or in private?)" Asked the man.

"I'm not sure what you mean." Said Georgie.

"PUBLIC OU PRIVÉ? (PUBLIC OU PRIVATE?) Yelled the man at Georgie, thinking she was playing dumb.

"PUBLIC OU PRIVÉ" Yelled Abélia.

"Er public?" Said Georgie, thinking she'd be better off if other people were around. Abélia smiled.
"Très bien, enlevez votre chemise. (All right, take off your shirt.)" Said the man.

"What?" asked Georgie.

Abélia sighed, "enlevez votre chemise. (Remove your shirt.)" She said.

"Please I don't understand." Said Georgie.

Abélia moved toward Georgie. She grabbed Georgie's T-Shirt and started to pull it upwards. The carriage around her was staring at the commotion.


Amy’s Life... Part Seven C
by Revengedpirate

Meanwhile at 8 am in Tiffany's house. Tiffany had just woken up. She had returned from the hospital yesterday. The doctor had told her, that her injuries weren't too severe. Her pelvis was badly bruised and it would take her a couple of weeks before she could try walking again. Tiffany's bladder however had also been affected, and it would take her several months before she would be able to regain bladder control. That meant Tiffany would have to wear a full nappy for at least the duration of the holiday, maybe some of the school term too.

Tiffany's dad had moved the young girl's bed down to the front room, so she was easier to look after. Tiffany had the tv and was closer to the kitchen so her mum could easily prepare her meals. Since Tiffany was wearing a full nappy, her bed had plastic sheets on them, so she could be changed on her bed. Tiffany didn't like this arrangement much, as the front room was near the front door, and people who came to the house would see her, either covered in a blanket or just her nappy. Her mum refused to put any bottoms on her as it was easier to change her wet nappy.

The nappies were cute though with pictures of little bunnies on them. Tiffany wouldn't admit it out loud but she found them very comfortable and liked them a lot. Tiffany currently had a pink nightie on which was of a plain design. Tiffany's front room was quite big, it had a large 38" television, DVD player, and Xbox. The Carpet was red with a tartan pattern across it. The room also had a bay window at the front, with a door next to it leading to the hall. There was also a door on the opposite wall to the window where the room joined the kitchen.

Tiffany pulled herself into a sitting position, which she struggled to do, and looked around for the tv remote. Tiffany saw it on the stool in the middle of the room. Tiffany couldn't reach it from where she was. Tiffany instead picked her phone up and scrolled through her messages. There were six messages on it.

"Hey Tiff, Hope you're resting, get well soon." Said the first message.

"Hey sexy lady, cant wait to meet you this weekend xx." Said the second message.

"Get well soon, Blondie X." Said the third.

"Get well soon, beautiful." Said the fourth.

"Would love to get an ice cream with you this weekend xx." Said the fifth message.

"Hey sugar x. Loved our time at the cinema last week. As soon as you're better, I'd love to go again sexy bum xx." Said the sixth message.

Tiffany responded to them all just her mum entered the room.

"Hey Darling, You're up. Here's your breakfast. Do you need anything else?" Asked her mum.

"Could you possibly pass the tv remote?" Asked Tiffany.

"Sure, here you are." Said her mum passing her the remote.

"Thanks." Said Tiffany.

"No problem. You're Dad and I are off to work soon, but your Uncle Simon said he doesn't mind babysitting you today." Said her mum.

"Mum I'm 15 I don't need a babysitter." Said Tiffany.

"O.K. Go to the bathroom? Get your own remote? Go get dressed!!!" Said her mum sarcastically.

"Haha very funny. You know I'm not allowed, and I can't even if I tried." Said Tiffany.

"Don't look at Uncle Simon as your babysitter, look at him as you're care giver. Anyway, whatever, he'll be here at 8.45 am, as I need to be at work by 9 am. So be good for him won't you?" Said her mum.

"Yes Mum. I'll be a good girl for him." Said Tiffany.

"Good Baby, I know you will." Said her mum.

Tiffany pressed the red power button on the tv remote, and the tv burst into life. On tv was an advert for a clothing company. The company was called Kidinikkāzu. There was a brunette girl modeling the clothes. The young brunette was currently modeling a pair of teddy bear patterned shorts and a nightdress to match. Tiffany wasn't paying much attention to the model and flicked over.

"Hey, I'm sure I recognized that model." said her mum.

"How could you? It was some Japanese girl." Said Tiffany.

"I'm sure I've seen her somewhere. Never mind, I'll go get your lunch ready." Said her mum walking to the kitchen.

On television now were some Scooby-Doo cartoons. Not fussed about what she watched she started watching the cartoons. Her mum giggled and went into the kitchen.

"Yeah, not a baby at all." She muttered to herself.

"Shut up, Scooby-Doo is adult tv." Shouted Tiffany laughing.

Tiffany heard her mum bustling around the kitchen. A few minutes later Tiffany peed her nappy.

"Mum I need changing." Shouted Tiffany.

"DING DONG!!!" went the doorbell.

"Tiffany, You're Uncles here. He can change you." Said her mum.

"But Mum he's a man." Said Tiffany.

"Very observant, Tiffany. I'm glad I send you to school, You learn a lot, Especially about a man being a man." Her mum laughed.

"I mean, I don't want a man seeing me bottomless." Said Tiffany.

"Nonsense, he's you're Uncle, and he's seen it all before. Hello Simon. How are you?" Said her mum.


Amy’s Life... Part Seven D
by Revengedpirate

That's when Amy grabbed Emily's thighs and hugged her tightly. Emily lost her balance and fell face-first into Amy's White foam-covered Vagina. Emily's skirt fell onto Emily's back, and Amy's Face ended up between Emily's thong-covered bum cheeks. Sami stopped filming but took pictures instead as the others laughed at Emily's white shocked face.

"Looks like Amy likes muff too," shouted Sami.

"Get Emily off me," screamed Amy moving her head sideways, so she wasn't staring at Emily's thong-covered butt crack.

Sami dropped her phone and Henny stood up, they lifted Emily up, Shocked Emily ran to the bathroom to wash off. Sami took Emily's place, and Henny resumed holding Amy's leg as Chloe took hold of the razor.

"Now, stay still everyone, this is tricky enough, without heavy movements." Said Chloe.

Chloe gently placed the razor near Amy's belly button, where the foam started and gently and slowly moved down towards Amy's legs. Everyone including Amy didn't move a muscle. Amy watched as her hair slowly disappeared. It took Chloe five minutes, to shave Amy's vagina bald as a baby's. Amy whimpered as her bush disappeared but, was just thankful that Chloe seemed to be really good, and didn't cut her once. When Chloe had finished they let Amy up. The others went back downstairs leaving Chloe and Amy in the room. Emily returned a few minutes later now cleaned up.

"Hey Aims, the boys have sent me their answers, most of them preferred a shaved pussy, but about ten percent preferred your bush." Said Emily.

"Great Emily. Urm just out of curiosity, how many guys saw the picture?" Asked Amy.

"Two hundred guys saw the four photos and twenty of those preferred Amy's pussy with hair." Said Emily.

"Two hundred guys, two hundred guys have seen my pussy? Are you guys fucking kidding me?" Said Amy.

"Well, I showed five guys on my phone, the five guys then showed five of their mates, who showed five of their mates, and so on." Said Emily.

"You know, perhaps we take a picture of it now and show the guys?" Said Emily.

"How about no. Besides, I've just got my shorts back on, and down there itches like crazy." Said Amy.

"Spoil sport." Said Emily.

"Come on let's go downstairs now you're both ready. I really want to go shopping." Said Chloe.
"Fine." Emily and Amy said in unison.

"Wow, in sync much? Maybe you two should get a room?" Said Chloe.

"Urgh, no way. I'm into guys, speaking of which, Adam is so fucking hot with his ripped jeans." Said Emily.

"You're into Adam? I've never even seen you speak to him, not even once, For that matter I don't think I've seen you speak to any guy." Said Chloe.

"So? You don't need to speak to them to register how awesome they look." Said Emily.

"How awesome they look? Who cares about how awesome they look? It's their personality that counts. I mean, Adam is hot, but the guy is totally creepy. He's weird and stares at you." Said Amy.

"Also He's gay." Said Chloe.

"How on earth do you know that?" Asked Emily.

"Unlike you Emily, I speak to people. It's called communicating. Besides you can just tell, from what he wears, to his attitude towards girls, LIKE you Emily." Said Chloe.

"What do you mean? Girls like Emily?" Asked Amy.

"She Doesn't Mean anything, by that! She's just sour because SHE doesn't have a muff muncher of her own." Said Emily.

"Amy, go see if your sister is ready to go." Said Chloe.

"Fine." Said Amy.

Amy uncomfortably walked out of the bedroom and down the stairs. Chloe made sure Amy was out of earshot and shut the door.

"What's wrong with you Emily? Why don't you just come out of the closet you're so deep inside? I know you like Amy, So why don't you tell her how you feel?" Asked Chloe.

"I'm in no fucking closet, I'm straight as...." Started Emily.

"A horseshoe? You can't hide from me, I know what you are, I just want to know why you won't admit you're true feelings even to Amy?" Said Chloe.

"I don't need advice from you. I have no feelings of any kind towards Amy or any other girl. I'm Straight and into guys." Said Emily.

"Pussy pics on your phone? slyly checking out girls in the change room as they shower? Watching the women play football and rugby? Checking out Mrs. Cook, in Home Economics class? Yeah, You're straight alright, not." Said Chloe.

"I, I don't do any of those things. Maybe you want me? Is that it?" Asked Emily.

"Fine stay in you're little closet, one day it'll collapse on you." Said Chloe who stormed out.

Emily waited in the bedroom for Chloe to head downstairs, before taking out her phone and looking at a picture of Amy's pussy before Amy's shave. the picture hadn't been sent to anyone, Emily put the picture into her own personal gallery. The gallery had over 100 pictures in it, all of Amy.

"I wish you were gay," Emily said to a picture of Amy's face.

Emily shut her phone and stared out the window.

"I wish there was some way to get Amy all to myself." Said Emily to herself.

Emily left the bedroom and headed downstairs to join the others.

When Emily arrived downstairs it was to find the others apart from Amy laughing at the big-screen television. Emily looked over Sami's shoulder. The tv was repeating a few minutes of footage over and over again. It was of Emily, face planting into Amy's groin, then Emily emerging from it, head covered in shaving foam. Amy was looking totally embarrassed as the film showed her hairy pussy covered in shaving foam.

"Hey, I don't want people seeing me go down on a girl. Delete that now." Yelled Emily.

"Aww, Sticking up for your girlfriend?" Said Nikki laughing.

"I'm no rug muncher. I'm only sticking up for myself! I don't care about Amy. You can strip Amy naked, tie her limbs, so she's spread-eagled on the ground, then cover her naked groin and breasts in jam, before releasing wasps on her skinny arse. I would relish watching the wasps sting her to bits." Said Emily.

Chloe rolled her eyes. Amy winced.

"Emily, we get it, you're straight. God girl, don't get so defensive all the time. If you really dislike the footage that much Emily, I'll delete it." Said, Sami.

"Thank you." Said Emily.

Emily took her phone out and tapped it to Sami's. Sami's phone instantly transferred the short video straight to Emily's phone. The others were so busy talking and mucking around that no one noticed what Emily had done, not even Sami, who deleted the short film off her phone.

"Let's go out and get the food, then we can veg out and watch Scream 5," said Nikki.

The six girls all agreed and headed to the shopping center.


Amy’s Life... Part Seven E
by Revengedpirate

"Wait, what are you doing? Everyone will see my bra." Said Georgie.

"Je te cherche. Vous êtes T-shirt doit se détacher !! (I'm searching you. You're T-shirt must come off!!)" Said Abélia.

Abélia kept tugging up, on Georgie's T-Shirt but Georgie used her hands to hold it in place.

"J’ai une idée Abélia. J’ai une idée Abélia. Cela enlèvera facilement son haut. (I've an idea Abélia. This will easily remove her top.)" Said one of the other women.

The woman walked over to Georgie, she grabbed the T-Shirt from the bottom, with her left hand, holding a box cutter in her right. In seconds she moved the blade from the base of Georgie's T-Shirt, just above Georgie's bum, up to the top of the T-Shirt at Georgie's neck. The back of Georgie's T-Shirt fell away exposing Georgie's pink bra strap and her back.

"Abélia j’ai une idée pour retenir le dos de son T-Shirt. (Abélia I have an idea hold the back of her T-Shirt.)" Said the woman.

Abélia grabbed the loose material and held it tightly. The second woman then put the blade at the base of the T-Shirt again, but on Georgie's left side seam. The woman then pulled the blade upwards and under Georgie's left-hand sleeve. The Blade this time caught on Georgie's left bra strip and cut that easily too. The woman then quickly placed the blade on Georgie's right-hand side and made the exact same cut, again cutting the bra on that side.

"No, please I'm begging you, I don't want to lose my top, not here." cried Georgie looking red-faced.

Georgie looked around and everyone was watching this scene unfold intently. The woman was not perturbed, this time placing the blade on the upper left side of Georgie's arm and moving back to her neck, before performing the same act on the right. From there gravity did the rest, Georgie's shredded T-Shirt and Bra hit the floor along with her fillets.

"noooo...." Screamed Georgie, as her small B cup breasts popped into view.

There were shouts from every direction in French, before the carriage, which had been silent all burst into chatter and laughter. Georgie's face was glowing a bright red color, deeper than it had ever been, she quickly covered her bare chest with both her arms.

"Abélia où est la cocaïne? (Abélia where is the cocaine?)" Asked the first frenchman.

"Elle doit le cacher sous ses aisselles, ou quelque chose comme ça, pour ne pas s’inquiéter cependant, lever les bras et attacher ses mains à la barre de cloche. (She must of concealed it under her armpits, or something, not to worry though, lift her arms up and attach her hands to the bell bar.)" Said Abélia.

The two men moved forward and grabbed Georgie by her arms, they lifted them both straight up into the air, before using metal handcuffs, to cuff her hands around the bell rail. Georgie's small breasts became even smaller like this, much to the enjoyment of everyone onboard, the now speeding train.

"No, let me down. Please let me down, everyone is laughing at me." Said Georgie crying.

"Abélia tapoter son cadre maigre down!! (Abélia pat her skinny frame down!!)" Said the first Frenchman.

Georgie still didn't understand a word of which any of them spoke, but every time the first Frenchman spoke, it seemed to get worse for her. Abélia moved toward Georgie, and before Georgie could move, Abélia grabbed her sides and started to feel everything. Georgie squirmed and cried harder as rien touched her everywhere on her torso. Abélia even spent several minutes rubbing Georgie's meager assets.

"Rien. (Nothing.)" Said Abélia. This was met by huge roars of laughter from everybody.

Georgie just look bewildered as she didn't speak french and didn't understand why people were laughing harder at her. Georgie was in floods of tears and in the next conversation between Abélia and the Frenchman, Georgie saw from their body language what would probably be coming next. Georgie squirmed harder than ever trying to free herself.

"Abélia, enlève ses fesses. cherche chaque crevasse, faitune fouille corporelle complète ici s’il le faut, je veux que les médicaments soient trouvés, et je ne me soucie pas de sa dignité ou de sa modestie.(Abélia, take her bottoms off. search every crevice, do a full body search right here if you have to, I want the drugs found, and I dont care about her dignity or modesty.)" Shouted the Frenchman.

"Mais monsieur, elle ne serait pas capable de se couvrir, et les gens pourraient prendre des photos et les filmer. (But sir she wouldnt be able to cover herself, and people might take pictures and film it.)" Abélia protested.

"ABÉLIA, JE LA VEUX NUE, NUE COMME LE JOUR OÙ ELLE EST NÉE, ET JE LE VEUX TOUT DE SUITE!!!! (ABÉLIA, I WANT HER NAKED, NAKED AS THE DAY SHE WAS BORN, AND I WANT IT RIGHT NOW!!!!) Shouted the Frenchman pointing at Georgie's Shorts.

"Mais Monsieur, c’est la zone la plus privée sur une dame, si j’enlève son shortMais Monsieur, c’est la zone la plus privée sur une dame, si j’enlève son short unnd culotte elle ne retrouvera jamais sa dignité. (But Sir, that's the most private of areas on a lady, if I remove her shorts and panties she'll never get her dignity back.) Said Abélia.

"Abélia, tu enlèves son short et sa culotte et tu fais une fouille appropriée ou je vais demander à l’un de ces deux de le faire. Quoi qu’il en soit, cette fille va être nue dans ce train. (Abélia, you take her shorts and panties off and conduct a proper search or I'll get one of these two to do it. Either way, that girl is going to be naked on this train.)" Said the frenchman.

Abélia looked at Georgie, then at the Frenchman, before nodding. Abélia walked over to Georgie and stood behind the girl, whilst everyone else watched on with bated breath.

"Désolé. (I'm sorry.)" Said Abélia in Georgie's ear.

With that several things happened all at once. Abélia hooked her fingers into the waistband of Georgie's shorts and panties. Georgie spread her legs, as wide as possible to stop the descent, of her remaining garments. Abélia tugged downwards, on the garments. Georgie with her arms held high above her head, couldn't spread her legs wide enough. Georgie's bald pussy came into view, and more laughter from the carriage erupted.

Georgie burst into floods of tears, realizing everyone could see everything of her, let Abélia remove her shorts, panties, socks, and trainers completely. Georgie stood there naked from head to toe, hands cuffed above her head, feet spread, even her clitoris hood had poked out for everyone to see.

"Je suis vraiment désolé.. (I'm really sorry.)" Said Abélia in Georgie's ear again.

Abélia put on a latex glove and pulled Georgie's legs further apart. Abélia then put her index and middle finger together, before inserting them as far as she could up Georgie's rectum. Georgie didn't expect this, and Abélia had hit her G-spot straight away. Georgie jumped on her tiptoes and felt the instant sensitive touch, which sent her juices flowing, quicker than they had ever done. Georgie couldn't stop her instant pleasure and started to squirt her juices on the floor and closed her eyes, in ecstasy.

"Oh my god, Georgie. What are they doing to you?" Asked a very confused Matt who had just got back from the luggage compartment.

Abélia Looked up in surprise and quickly removed her fingers.

"Je suis vraiment désolé.. (I'm really sorry.)" Said Abélia

"Pourquoi êtes-vous cavitéà la recherche de ma petite amie? (Why are you cavity searching my girlfriend?)" Asked Matt in almost flawless french.

"Nous croyons qu’elle porte un couteau et de la cocaïne sur sa personne. (We Believe she is carrying a knife and cocaine on her person.)" Said the Frenchmen.

"A-t-on l’impression qu’elle porte de tels objets? libérez-la immédiatement, et laissez-nous être. (Does it look like she is carrying such items? release her at once, and leave us be.)" Said Matt sternly.

"Faites ce qu’il dit. (Do as he says.)" Said the Frenchman.

Abélia uncuffed Georgie, who put her panties, shorts, socks, and trainers back on, unfortunately, her top was beyond repair, so she had to travel the remaining 20 minutes of the journey topless. Georgie tried her best to cover her breasts but it was almost pointless, as everyone had either taken pictures of her whilst unable to cover, or just stared at her again whilst unable to cover. What Georgie and Matt had failed to realize, was that they were both being watched..…

