Fertility rights

My wife Kerry was five-five and while not a model she had a very pretty face and a nice, if slight, body.  We were middle class living in a good house in the south East of England. In fact if I'm truly honest we had a very good lifestyle and were very lucky with both family and friends.

So to the reason I've sent this to be published: after six years of `trying' for a baby we decided to seek help and that was when Kerry discovered that she had problems with my sperm so conception would be a problem for us.

Now I'm not going to pretend that what happened was either my idea or even with my real approval but after discussing IVF and deciding it was both too painful and expensive we then talked about donor, eggs, sperm and even adoption but Kerry was definite about the baby being hers.

It wasn't until several months later that she suggested we try a surrogate father and after a bit of confusion when I thought she meant donor sperm or an IVF cycle even after we'd discounted it, she told me she meant she wanted it conceived in a natural way. Then after a rather strained conversation she admitted that she wanted to try getting pregnant by having sex with another man. 

I'm no pussy and I went mental and we had the biggest row of our life and Kerry was so upset she could barely say anything other than sorry for the next day or so. However that didn't stop her asking it again a few weeks later, in a rather more subtle way this time although once again she backed off after my curt reaction.

Anyway the topic was brought up by Kerry yet again after she found out she was again having a period following a month when we tried to do everything right; fitness, diet and even timing our lovemaking so we covered the most fertile time of the month. This time I was less abrupt so she decided to continue with her pitch.

She explained that if we made love just as we were doing but she `supplemented' (her term) my sperm with another mans a couple of times then the volume might well do the trick as the doctors had suggested.

I of course wasn't happy about this on many levels, firstly there was the child; who would not be mine, secondly there was the complication of finding another compatible (me look-alike) man and thirdly, the big one, her having sex with someone else.

Kerry suggested that if we adopted then neither of us would be the biological parent so this was better and that we'd both vowed if we did eventually adopt we'd love the child as our own so what was the difference. She also added that by us making love at the same time the baby might well be mine and we would put me down as the father anyway, unless we couldn't because of conflicting blood type or something.

She then added that she wanted to choose the man she was with, probably on-line but she would have to think it over carefully. Whatever he would be a stranger and she would make sure he didn't know her at all so it really would be just a brief encounter.

Finally she then admitted there was nothing she could do for my jealousy except to say she loved me and would always love me and if I could love her after, then we would still be happy but with a much sort after baby to love as well. I really wasn't keen, so it drifted for another month but after yet one more tear-filled evening when she began her next month's period I caved in and said OK. 

I suppose I thought Kerry would take some time to decide herself what she was going to do but after lots of hugs and thank-you's she went at it full tilt. The following night she said she'd been thinking about the best way forward and she felt we should book a weekend away the following month and then she would find a partner the nights we were there while we could do our thing the rest of the time.

Like I said Kerry wasn't a babe but more Peaches and Cream pretty, however for that weekend she bought new clothes for the evenings and it was funny but once organised we were both as horny as hell although I was still not really sure I would actually let her do it. 

We chose Manchester as our destination being a long way away and somewhere we didn't believe we would run into anyone we knew. There was also an added advantage that Kerry worked with a girl who'd moved from the city less than a year before and happily chatted to her about all the great nightspots she knew.

Once there Kerry sat me down and told me in a very forceful voice (as forceful as she could be anyway!) that there was no going back and she was going to go ahead with the `task in hand' (another of her expressions). I must admit I smiled at this and after unpacking we had a very late lunch then went around the city for a while before returning to the room where we made love for an hour.

After that Kerry went for a hair appointment while I went for a swim. I wasn't actually going to go into the club she'd chosen because she felt that she couldn't be with anyone else while I was there. However I was going to stay nearby until either she came out alone or I got a text to say she needed our room and I had to occupy myself for an hour or two.

She was in the bathroom when I returned so when she came out after getting ready I was blown away: Kerry wore a short tight black dress, sheer hold-ups, well applied makeup, with ruby lips and she'd had a `perm' that made her look like a different and very sexy, woman. All I could say was `wow' as she did a twirl obviously delighted with her look.

After that we went to the bar and had a few drinks for courage then went into the city centre. We found a bar that was open until late only a few doors from the club and there we stayed for a couple of hours longer chatting nervously waiting for it to open.

Finally Kerry gave my arm a squeeze and told me to keep an ear out for the phone then she left me. I watched her go looking more sexy than I'd ever seen her and I knew that if she wanted she would be able to pick up anyone tonight. 

I was still sober when she left (and she was a bit tipsy) but after a few more I was getting a little drunk and that was when I decided to go in to the club anyway. I had some strange idea I'd be able to find her and watch her in action but there was part of me that also wanted to stop her so I half hoped she'd see me and call the whole thing off.

Anyway I went to the door and was turned away as they said I didn't fit the dress code although it was more to do with me being alone. So reluctantly I hung about the pub again for a while then as chance would have it two clearly well oiled girls wobbled up towards the doors chatting about going to the club in question and on the spur of the moment I rushed after them and asked if I could go in with them.

At first they told me to piss off but when I shrugged and walked away one of the called after me and said ok. They introduced themselves as Candy and Em and I told them my name was Bobby even though no one ever calls me that not even my mother. The men at the door let us straight in only Em said I had to buy them drinks as a thank you. I did and we got chatting as I scanned the room looking for Kerry which given I was now a little drunk wasn't that easy in the half-light.

Em then dragged me to the dance floor and we had a bop for a while then returned to find her friend was back on the floor with another guy. Now it's really strange but not for one minute did I try to pick her up and maybe that's why she actually decided I was worth getting to know as she thought I was playing it really cool. 

There was no sign of Kerry at all but before long Em was making it clear that she wanted to be with me for the night and slowly I warmed to the idea that maybe both Kerry and I could have fun that evening, something I'd never considered.

Now I won't bore you with the details but after another hour we were necking and finally she suggested we go. Her friend was simply left as we headed back to her apartment which they shared. Once inside Em was really aggressive and we were stripped down in moments. We went to her bed and we had sex, hard fast and without any pauses until I'd cum and flopped on her 

She made it clear she wasn't finished so I took a bathroom break then after we kissed for a while and she worked on me until I became hard again and we made love. This time around I lasted a very long time (it was my third sexual activity in twelve hours) and with a great boost to my ego Em climaxed very noisily twice. Once we'd finally finished she held me tight and whispered that I was great and she had never had better sex.

Of course I was flattered (especially as I was drunk) but knew given the ease at which I'd picked her up that she was very far from being a virgin and probably said that to all her lovers. Anyway I slept for a while then woke with a jolt remembering Kerry.

After dressing I went to stumble out to order a taxi only Em was standing at the front door, naked and with a sad expression on her face. I made some lame excuses but she cut me off and pointing at my finger said she knew I was married and needed to go back to the `little woman' but pleaded with me to give her my mobile number which I reluctantly did as I took hers.

I noticed I had a message and picking it up heard Kerry whispering an apology for not phoning earlier nor returning to the hotel but she was going to spend the night with her new friend and return the following morning.

So that was it; I suddenly felt both cheated, since she'd sworn not to spend the night with anyone and invigorated as Em was still standing naked in front of me her large breasts swaying gently as she swung her hips at me in hope as I listened to the phone message. Twenty minutes later I'd unloaded inside her again and we fell asleep. 

Thankfully she was up at eight so after we had sex and she'd called me a taxi we sat drinking coffee before I left for the hotel with a kiss and a wave goodbye. It was strange but Em, while probably ten years older than me, really got me excited and her offer to meet the following night was something I was considering.

I was the first back at our hotel and in the pool when Kerry appeared at the poolside fully dressed and invited me to come back to the room. Once there she was a little coy but after undressing she revealed her body with a series of hickies on her neck and breasts. She tried to cover them up but since I was now also feeling guilty I just laughed them off and suggested we get into bed.

We made love (I must admit this was more sex than I'd had even when I was a randy teenager) and then Kerry admitted getting so drunk that by the time she left with a guy she could barely walk. She also admitted she didn't remember the sex which she was now pleased about as she didn't want to do it again.

I of course had a date for that night so was now the one actually considering asking her to keep her nerve but she was clearly very uncomfortable which made me think that there was more to this and maybe she hadn't liked it. I decided to remain silent and let the whole event end but perversely she then changed her decision.

So that night we went out again only after a visit to a cocktail bar Kerry went into a new club only this time I also left and went on to a different bar where I met Em. We had a good time although she met a group of her friends and I felt a little bit of an outsider. It was also clear that not only did she know them very well but the way she acted with several of the guys made it clear she'd probably slept with them all at one time. I was a little uncomfortable being there at first but soon I was feeling no pain and the night went well. 

Around midnight or slightly later one of the guys announced an impromptu party at a house a few miles away and with Em urging me to go with her I did, after I checked my messages. The place was more like student digs which surprised me since Em and her friends were all in their mid thirties but once inside she confirmed it was student accommodation but the current home of the older brother of one of her group who rented it out to help with the mortgage.

Anyway we danced and had a good laugh with her friends and the hordes of people there. A little later Em dragged me away from the packed front room and after she was forced to wait for me to listen to Kerry's voice message (saying that she was going to stay out again) I followed her up the stairs where we went to find an empty room.

"Look at this!" She said as we peered into one of the smaller bedroom. On the single bed in front of us was a girl around twenty having sex with two guys. She saw us and simply grinned (if you can call it that as she continued to suck on the cock in her mouth) seemingly unperturbed that we were watching.

Em and I stayed there for a short while before we realised we were desperate for our own private party so we went to another room only to find it locked. The next bedroom (the house was over three floor and had six bedrooms in total) was occupied as well so made the third floor where we found a gathering in one of the rooms and peering around the three or four guys standing at the entrance we could see a naked black guy screwing a girl on the bed as another was seemingly waiting for his chance.

Em giggled and whispered that the girl was probably going to fuck the whole room and the way she blurted it made me think it was said with a hint of jealousy. Anyway we found a smaller room at the end was empty and although it didn't have a bed in it, just a PC and a small TV, we shoved the dog-eared sofa that sat across the whole back wall so it kept the door shut and then we stripped and went at it like rabbits.

We both climaxed really quickly and then made love again slowly for simply ages. We heard some commotion from outside and more than once there were attempts to open the door but the sofa was tight against it so there was no chance. Just once someone banged on the door and asked what the hell was going on but Em called out to whoever it was and they recognised her, said sorry and left.

It was a bit cold without blankets so after snoozing for a short while we decided to brave the hallway and found the house quiet and still. The bedroom at the end was open and we went in only we found the bed was still occupied by the two black guys and the girl so we tiptoed out. I suggested we leave but she was really sleepy and didn't want to see me go, so we tried those on the first floor and found one of the rooms empty.

I have no idea whose bed we stole but Em decided she was sufficiently awake to make love again and as we were getting into our stride a man appeared and cursed at us. Clearly he'd only got up for a few minutes probably to have a pee or something (the bed had been warm when we stole it) but after asking us to leave twice Em replied that our needs were greater so with another profanity the guy gave up and left but not before grabbing a sleeping bag from the top of the wardrobe.

Strangely we woke early and after Em returned with coffee she got me to tell her all about where I came from and my wife. She was interested to know why I was out in a strange city alone yet needed to check in on my wife several times an evening.

I thought of several lies but eventually I admitted that Kerry and I were doing separate things then added that she was probably with another man. This really interested Em who kept on at me until finally (I figured why not) I admitted that it was part of her trying to get pregnant because of her nearly blocked tubes and my sperm count.
Em said it was such a hot thing to allow her do then said if she'd know the night before she could have organised a string of guys to `do my wife' but I said that wasn't what Kerry wanted. But Em laughed and said yes it probably was.

Anyway after dozing for a few minutes longer we dressed and went to the kitchen where there were a couple of men (students) trying to cook breakfast with very limited rations so after a brief chat Em disappeared, returning with a newspaper, bread and a large pack of bacon.

We then had fried bacon butties and a mug of tea each as she sat on my knees reading the paper until with other appearing we decided to leave. It was as we got to the front door I saw Kerry emerging from the bathroom at the top of the stairs. She didn't see me but even from that far I could see she was still a little unsteady on her feet. Em followed my glance and as I went to go to my wife she caught my arm and asked. "Kerry?"

I nodded but she held me and suggested I best not go up because she would realise I'd been cheating on her which, I'd admitted to Em, was not part of the deal. "But she's upstairs!" I replied.

"And going up to see her and admitting your infidelity will do what exactly?" She asked.

I looked at her then shook my head. I was desperate to see what she was up to (although I had a pretty good idea) but knew there was some sense in what Em was saying so I just stood foolishly not moving.

"Tell you what, I'll have a look and let you know if it's something you can handle or we should just scarper." Em smiled and trotted off as I remained immobile. 

She was gone maybe six or seven minutes and I actually met her on the stairs when I'd finally decided to follow. "You don't want to go up!" She stated and put her hand on my chest. Of course it didn't deter me at all so I brushed past her and stood on the landing looking about.

Em shrugged and pointed at the ceiling so I went to the stair and then as I got to the top floor I suddenly realised which room she would be in. With a sense of dread but also a perverse feeling of excitement I went to the door of the far bedroom and looked in.

Kerry was still in the clothes I'd seen her in at the top of the stairs only she was riding the man on the bed, her knickers pushed to one side with her dress bunched about her waist. I could here her saying `Oh God yes!' and `This is so, so good.' As she spoke she gyrated in a way that told of just how much she was getting from it.

Em was by my side and dragged me back so we were to the side of the doorframe looking in from the still relatively dark hallway watching my wife making love to this man. Em was fumbling with my trousers and found my rock hard cock which she began to pull on kissing my neck from time to time as she also watched my wife making love.

Kerry was clearly enjoying it immensely as she rose and fell on the man's large cock then I was further shocked when a second man appeared from the shadows and began to kiss her. She broke away half-heartedly a couple of time but then surrendered to him as he pulled her dress off and began to kiss and bite her breasts.

Em was now getting very hot and whispered that she needed the same treatment and the she brazenly dropped her kickers and lifted her own dress helping me into her very used pussy. She was now against the wall outside the bedroom and facing away but she urged me to talk to her about what my wife was doing and after a hesitation I began to describe in whispers how she was engaged in sex with two big men.

"Not just big." Em added "But black. Your wife might be having a black baby." That was it and to both our surprise I had a huge climax at that moment and this brought her to her own. We held each other as Kerry moaned with her own orgasm then Em suggested that we best clear out before my wife saw us. 

"What do I care!" I stated (admittedly still in a whisper) "She's risking having a black baby!" 

"Did you tell her not to?" Em surprised me with her reply. 

"No but the baby was still possibly going to be mine, now that's not going to happen is it!"

"You'll just have to admit you had donor sperm." She said dragging me down to the ground floor.

"Everyone will know that we'd only have asked for donor sperm from a white man." 

"Mistakes happen. Just say it was an error but you don't care because you have child to raise."

"I wanted to pretend to myself that it was mine; I so wanted a child that I could call my own."

"Hmm... do you know that she is actually fertile at the moment?"

"Yes we've been trying for a baby for ages." I said.

"This was all her suggestion wasn't it. And she's been on about it for months and months you said." I agreed. "And she told you about the blocked tubes."

"What are you driving at?"

"I'm not sure but I suspect the way your wife was acting she's been planning to go black for some time, that's if she hadn't already!"

I looked at her with loathing but she held my gaze evenly. "I'm not trying to upset you but she was the woman we saw in that room last night with that larger group watching her with those black guys.  Now you can pretend your wife has come to a strange city and somehow ended up doing that by chance but it's a pretty significant change of emphasis, if you understand me, so I suspect she has wanted this from the outset." Em shrugged.

"You wait. She'll get to the end of the month and not be pregnant and suggest you try this again. It's a softening up process Mark. You'll soon start to do this every month and I bet those evenings will be involve her with a black lover." I tried to pull away but she resisted my tug. "Look I could be wrong but I'm just saying what she has got up to is well beyond anything that might happen by complete accident. Anyway if I'm wrong she will tell you about it."

We ordered a taxi which left me back to the hotel while Em went off home for some sleep. I packed the suitcases and thought it bizarre that we'd hired the room and apart from one short sex session we'd not used the bed at all.

Kerry arrived as I was about to check out; it was getting tight for time. She apologised and jumped into the shower. I stood in the doorway and trying to keep calm I asked her about her evening. She then told me she'd met a guy at the club and after a few drinks they'd gone to a party.

I actually felt smug that she was being honest with me and mentally decided to phone Em when I got home to tell her she was wrong and a bitch for being so nasty about my wife. Kerry also described how she'd got a bit too drunk and let the guy take her to a spare room where they'd made love.

Just as I went to ask a question about his colour she added that after what was a `quickie' they'd gone back to his flat where they'd slept until late hence why she'd only just got back. I wanted to yell and call her a liar but dared not. I kept probing about the party and the other guests there but she just kept up the pretence and I felt crushed when she said that I needn't worry the guy was the image of me!

The journey home was quiet as we were both sleepy so took it in turns to drive but once home as agreed we made love. It was odd I wasn't sure if I should tell her the truth and risk her turning on me or accept that she'd been with a black guy and hope it was just a one off. Her sex was a little loose but she was very hot and the session was full of passion so I mentally forgave her and hoped it was simply her guilt stopping her from telling me.

Life returned to normal for the next few weeks until her period came; maybe I was too suspicious but she didn't seem that surprised (despite the tears) or show any signs of relief (that she wasn't possibly expecting a mixed race child) so I began to suspect that Em might have been correct after all especially when Kerry suggested we try the same thing again that month as well.

I didn't know what to do. I thought about confronting her but it sounds strange but while I knew she was going to sleep with someone else she had no idea (or indeed had given approval) that I had as well. In the end I decided to set a trap for her and  suggested Manchester again as it seemed the logical place to go however she said no and told me she wanted to go somewhere else because she was too embarrassed to go back to the same clubs.

Finally after discussing if for a few days we settled on a large town, slight closer to home but just as unlikely to pose a threat to our anonymity. Also there was the cost of yet another hotel so we agreed to stop at cheap motel just for one night.

So two weeks later we arrived and I sat in the small room watching her getting dolled up in a short skirt and tight top looking like a different woman once again to the one I was used to.

She appeared far more confident this time and after a few drinks she got me to escort her to a club where she left me at the door. I wandered away but this time only to a bar down the road and after half an hour or so I followed her in. The place was dark and busy but I was wary just in case Kerry saw me although I needn't have worried.

I spotted my wife on the almost empty dance floor moving about showing off curves clearly enjoying the fact that she was the focus of most of the attention from the men gathered around the outside..

I settled in a corner and waited as the place got busier although on one occasion she very nearly saw me as she came to the bar just behind where is stood but thankfully she didn't. Anyway within an hour I was having trouble seeing her at all and only a little after that she was swallowed up in the crowded room.

So I nearly missed what I'd come to see: I was actually sipping a new bottle of beer when I spotted Kerry with a large black guy, whose arm encircled her waist, making for the exit. I fought to get to her but she had gone by the time I made the door.

I checked my mobile but there was nothing so I went back to the hotel where of course I was alone all night. I got the usual text say she was going to stay out, at half past two over an hour after she'd actually left, so I settled down to a fitful sleep trying to think of how I was going to challenge her in the morning.

 The following day she didn't arrive until I was checking out, when she rushed up and apologised. Since she didn't have time to change she just grabbed the keys and went to sleep in the back of the car while I paid the rather surprised desk clerk.

I questioned her once I had joined her but she more or less repeated the lies of the previous month: The guy was nice, loving, slow to pick up her signs but when they'd eventually made it to his apartment he turned out to be sensitive in bed although rather boringly, plus he had been determinedly sound asleep when she left him.

I waited for her to add something but she settled down and went to sleep. I drove home brooding then once in the house it began:

"Let's go up and make love." She stated.

"What's the point?" I replied.

"Well we want you to have an equal chance of being the father." She responded looking at me.

"The problem is," I began taking a deep breath. "I saw you last month at the party and again yesterday. This isn't about making a baby it's about you living some fantasy of yours!"

She stared at me for several seconds her face was white and from her expression I realised I'd got her, or so I thought. After a further pause she shrugged and said in an almost relieved way that we best talk.

I followed her into the next room where she sat facing me on opposite sofa.

"You know that I expected and hoped you would follow me last month but when you didn't I guessed you were comfortable with the whole thing anyway. Look I'm really sorry to have hurt you but I've been that way inclined for several years now..."

"What way?" I chipped back.

"Attracted to black men, I err..." She took a deep breath herself, "Remember when you said I was acting a little off for a month or two a couple of years ago, well you probably don't remember but that was after I went alone to Fiona and Guy's wedding. You see when I was there I was seduced by a black guy."

She looked at me with her dark eyes and I saw tears. "Frankly Mark I found the whole thing such a turn on that I realised it was never going to be a one time thing. At first I actually resented you for being an obstacle to my desires but then I decided I needed to get a grip and so I tried to love you again for the wonderful man that you are."

She glanced at her tightly grasping hands as she locked and unlocked her fingers. "I put the thoughts to one side for a while but that Christmas at our works dinner one of the contractors, who is black, danced with me and all my feeling came back. It was ridiculous because he was in his late forties and very happily married but I felt so hot just touching him. It was only then that I discovered just why I had such feelings!

You see I loved, no adored, the fact that I was white and married and in the arms of a black man. It felt ... feels so taboo and so exciting that I wanted it to become much more. I wanted to be seduced, ravished, dominated, used for another man's pleasure. I craved his large dark body on mine, his dark manhood deep in my married sex and actually wanted him to use me as he wanted without asking."

She sat back looking at me hard. "In the end the music finished and he said a polite thank you and off he went so I was left with a damp patch in my underwear and desires I just had to satisfy.

Of course that was actually quite easy to achieve so once I decided that I would find a man for the night I simply chose one who fitted my requirements; he was young, black and someone who had no connection to me. 

It was fantastic; after chatting to him for less than an hour I simply made it clear that I wanted him and we left for my room." She was now talking in such a way that she could have been describing a move she'd enjoyed rather than her adultery.

"We made love for hours and he made me feel so excited and slutty that I didn't want it to end. He wasn't anything special, I mean you are a really good lover and his equipment wasn't any bigger but simply because he was black he got me so hot. I loved lying under him looking at his dark cock between my pale legs and just watching our distorted image in the glass of a picture hanging on the wall made me climax; his black body covering my white married one. You see I craved the illicit nature of it and loved that it's so wrong."

I couldn't speak. I'd feared many things but I'd somehow never dreamed the interracial element was the key to her desires. I guess I simply thought the thrill of being with another man was what drove her libido.

"After that party I decided I still loved you and didn't want us to divorce but knew you'd never understand so was forced to go behind your back. Now part of the thrill of this is being white and married so anyway a divorce would have taken away the main element of what makes it so thrilling.

I'm so sorry. But after that I began to meet other men. I went online and chatted to people then would arrange to meet them and always ended up having sex. The only problem was that although I loved being with a black partner I didn't feel good about it and really worried that you would eventually find out and it would destroy our marriage."

She sat back and fixed me with a hard stare. "Anyway I realised that I needed to persuade you to allow me to indulge myself. It was pretty obvious that it wasn't going to be easy so I came up with the excuse of making a baby as a way of starting the ball rolling. I wasn't sure how it would go but once you agreed I thought that if you saw me with a black man so you might begin to understand my needs."

"Understand?" I said dumbfounded. "You prefer to have sex with men other than me! That's what I understand!" I was shocked at her candour and still reeling at what it meant.

"Look Mark. You say you saw me last week so you know how deep the feeling are within me. I can't stop now but I really desperately want us to remain together. I love you so very much only I also crave sex with others. Now you can be sure that the last thing I want to do is to actually go off with anyone. The man yesterday for example was great. He knew I was into him so got really cocky and got me to have sex with him in a number of ways but I loved it all.

The only thing I can add is that the last thing I wanted to do this morning was to be around him. The sex is great with all of them but that's the start and end of it. Besides I also love having sex with you and I think this actually helps to keep our relationship strong."

That was that. I sat silently then after thinking things over I added. "What about trying for a baby?" I asked. "Was a lie as well? I presume there is nothing wrong with your tubes."

"I wouldn't lie about that!" She responded angrily. "Actually I nearly always use something but occasionally they haven't. I must admit at first I was really scared I'd get pregnant but it seems that it's pretty unlikely, particularly when it's an occasional one-nighter."

 "Meaning children are out of the question?" 

"Hopefully not. The more we do it the greater the chance and I thought that if I'm not pregnant in say a year then we could try IVF although I'm not keen."

"But if you did get pregnant how would we know that the baby isn't from one of your affairs with one of these men?"

"They are not affairs. That implies some love and there is no love, just sex. As I've told you I try to get them to use something. Last night the guy did but the month before only the man I went with on the first night used one. I guess I should be a little more concerned but lets be honest any baby would be fantastic."

"So what am I meant to do now?" I asked, shattered.

"Let me have sex with black men! I want you to watch it all; getting dressed, flirting, being picked up and my ultimate of you watching me as I let a man have sex with me."

That was pretty much the end of the conversation and after a prolonged silence we went to bed although despite Kerry's attempts I was not interested in sex at all. The following day she tried to talk to me about it several times but I wasn't ready and brushed it away. Two weeks later she sat me down as informed me she was feeling period-ish. She then added that she desperately needed to arrange another weekend and really wanted me agree and help. I said that I'd find it hard to do so but she simply added that she would do the research and find somewhere appropriate to visit so as long as I came with her that would be fine.

It is daft but I didn't say anything only she sorted out a hotel for two nights and when the time arrived I went with her on the Friday. I was sick with worry but felt powerless to say no as I'd allowed this to go too far to stop it anyway. So that evening Kerry spent an age making herself up; with a short velvet dress (really short this time) black opaque satin tights and a pair of black wet-look knickers that were only just hidden by the skirt of her outfit. Her shoes were high and her make-up was bold. She was so different to the girl I married I was stunned. 

After several drinks in a pub where she was constantly checked out by the men at the bar we went to a club and as arranged separated. This time I watched from a more open position as she fended off a number of men until one more to her choosing came along, that is to say he was black. Kerry danced with him, slowly getting more and more friendly until they finally kissed as I watched, my heart racing. After that he was all over her and she did nothing to put him off. When the night grew late she came over to me and let me know that `Bob was going to take her back to his place and fuck her hard' (her words said with glee) and I should go back to the hotel and wait for her to come back.

I did this without any prospect of seeing her before the morning so wasn't surprised when she arrived just after ten and insisted I have sex with her. It was strange making love to her as she described how aggressive the guy had been the previous night and how much she came when he had her. She was actually quite dry and admitted that they'd done it several times that morning. Of course I was at least allowed to cum inside her which was a small bonus but after that she slept as I went for walk before waking her for lunch. Really there is little more to add, she did the same the following night although for a change she called me around three in the morning and I slipped out and picked her up from a house a few miles away.

After that weekend we were out several times in the month only she decided on the third weekend that she wanted to invite a man back to our house so I could see her having sex. That first time I was struck how vocal Kerry was and just how intense her climaxes were which made me feel a little inadequate by comparison but she still happily had sex with me after her partner had left. I had witnessed my wife's double life for months now; she was a nice normal woman with our friends but once every few weeks she became a complete slut.

She loved to spice things up and a few months later we had several people around to quote for some building work, one of them turned up with a black guy as his colleague causing Kerry to joke about him being a perfect gift for her birthday which was in about five weeks. We argued about it but she finally won and we hired them yet despite my pointing out this was too close to home and her promising not to be stupid, she was. They started a few weeks later and all seemed fine but then the next week when I came home on her birthday evening I found her having sex with the man yet if anything my finding them together drove her to a huge orgasm. After he left she giggled about it and said `thank you' for her present.

Rather than leaving it at that Thursday she greeted him at the door in her underwear and the following day she made love to him as soon as he arrived before we got dressed for work. She sat on the toilet his slime falling from her giggling as we heard him whistling contentedly as he began his days work. Thankfully she resisted him after that although she gave him a `thank you' fuck the last day they were there. I suppose eventually she grew a little tired of these and from then on her interracial affairs slowly became less and less frequent. Eventually one evening we went to bed early, she was getting amorous, and made love then as we were lying together after she whispered she was pregnant. I was so overjoyed I nearly cried and after a few moments she actually did. We hugged and held each other and were so happy it was just wonderful.

She had a normal birth and things settled until Matty was just about a year old when she sat me down and asked me if she could find a black lover the next weekend. I asked if she meant long term but she gave me the biggest kiss and told me not to be daft, just the weekend. I agreed and the look she gave me told me she'd been hoping for this for a long time.

The next weekend she dressed in gear that made her look gorgeous and I dropped her at a club. She called for me to pick her up at three the next morning which I did only when she got into the car (our baby was asleep in his seat) she had been crying. It turned out the man she met had got her to tell him about some of the things she'd done, which she thought would just make the night hotter only he'd decided she was more or less a whore and had been very abusive and rather aggressive to her. She was bitten and bruised but despite my desire to get even with him, I had his address after all, she told me not to and so I didn't. That encounter changed Kerry however and she's lost interest in black men. It's been two years since that time and she is adamant she will never do it again. We still have just one child but are very, very happy and our sex life continues to be great.
