Mel Goes to the Airport
byExile_Ian©

This is a continuation of the adventures of Mel and Mike that began in "Mel Goes Shopping".

--

After my adventures at the Mall yesterday (and the inevitable consequences of being so turned on by the time I got home) I was exhausted by the time it came to get to sleep. I awoke early Friday morning still tingling at the thought of how daring I'd been. It was going to be a long day until I had to collect Mike from the airport on later that night, and I knew I just couldn't sit around all day waiting. But what to do?

A quick glance around the house showed that there wasn't a lot of housework needed, but maybe a quick dust and hoovering wouldn't go amiss. It looked like another hot day ahead, and the house was already warming up. A perfect excuse not to bother with clothes then! I removed my silk robe and walked into the hall. It felt slightly strange being naked during the day - even in the privacy of my own home - it just wasn't something I normally did. 

Pausing to collect a duster and can of spray polish from the hall closet, I began dusting the table and bookshelves in the lounge. Even with the lack of clothing, I could already feel the perspiration building between my boobs and in the small of my back. At one point I glanced up and saw my reflection on the glass patio door - hmm I looked pretty damn good. Bending over the table, dusting, made my boobs swing slightly side-to-side. I was always happy with the size of my boobs - large enough to make a good cleavage but not to big as to be an embarrassment.

It didn't take long to get the dusting done, so I pulled out the Hoover and did a quick run over the lounge carpet. That was all that was needed though and it was getting too warm for such hectic activity. After putting all my cleaning items away, I was perspiring freely and slightly out of breath. I went to the fridge to look for something cool to drink. The cool air rushed out of the open fridge and washed over my naked body. My nipples hardened immediately and I shuddered - more from the excitement than the cold itself. I leant forward letting my boobs press against the top shelf inside the fridge. It was almost too cold to bear but oh so refreshing! I straightened up and grabbed a can of Diet Pepsi. I opened it and took a good long drink.

I strolled over to the patio doors and looked out. One nice thing about our location was that the rear garden was very private. In fact unless someone actually stood right up against one of the rear fences (and if they were also pretty tall) it was impossible to see in. With only a slight hesitation, I slid the door open and stepped out onto the deck. The sun was already beating down and it wasn't even noon. I strolled around the deck, checking on the hanging baskets that hung from the rear of the house, sipping the cool drink. It felt so invigorating to be naked in the open air.

Then, out of the cornet of my eye, I saw a movement near the neighbor’s fence. Someone was there I could tell. My first reaction was to scamper back inside, but I decided to brazen it out. I sat down in one of the patio chairs (that faced slightly in that direction) and tried to remain calm. I placed my forearm over my eyes - shielding them from the sun. This allowed me to sneak a peak at who was watching me! There, half hidden by a large shrub was a young man's face half peering over the top of the fence. It was my neighbor’s son Rick. I knew he'd been away at college, but was obviously home on vacation.

Well if he was going to peep, I thought, I might as well give him something to peep at. I pulled another chair around in front of me with my foot, and placed one leg up on it nonchalantly. This gave a very clear view of my recently shaved pussy, and as I slid down in my chair a little, my legs parted even more. I continued to sip at my drink - seemingly oblivious to my audience. I would have loved to know if he was playing with himself while watching me - but there's no way I could tell. 

I placed the cold can on first one boob then the other - making my nipples pop up again. Then I slowly traced a path between them and down over my belly. When I reached my clit, I paused and pressed the can against me - nearly making me come! I lifted the drink back up and placed it on the table. Then I allowed my hands to fall to my boobs. I squeezed them gently, letting the moist skin slide thru my fingers until all I had left was the nipples - which I tweaked and twisted. Oooh that felt so good and I was in danger of loosing control completely. I couldn't resist a quick feel of my pussy though, so I used one hand to pull my thighs open and delicately ran one finger down over my clit and down my sopping wet pussy. I lingered just long enough to be sure that Rick was still watching, and then slid my finger inside for just a second or two. I let out an audible groan and could feel my pussy getting wetter. But I decided that enough was enough and I shouldn't go any further - this time at least.

I eased my legs down and stood up slowly. I turned to move the chairs back to their original position, giving me an excuse to flash my butt to Rick. I picked up my drink and walked slowly back into the house - and slid the door shut. When I was sure I was out of sight, I darted into the kitchen and looked out the window (being sure I wasn't seen). Yep that was definitely Rick - and he'd seen everything. He waited a while presumably to be sure I wasn't coming back, then disappeared from view.

I sat down in the lounge - still slightly breathless - while I gathered myself. I couldn't help smiling a big grin - that was an unexpected bonus for me, flashing to a 19 year-old (who wasn't a stranger). I was sure he wouldn't say anything to his parents though. I doubt they would have approved of their son being a peeping tom!

~~~~~~~~~~

Later in the afternoon, after a long relaxing medium-cool shower, I dressed in the 'special' outfit I planned to meet Mike in. The pink flowered material of the dress was almost transparent and I debated whether I could really go to the airport like that. I looked again from various angles in front of the long bedroom mirror, and convinced myself that it wasn't actually see-through. Sure, you could easily see that I wasn't wearing a bra, but the pattern of the material meant that it was just the shape of my boobs that could be seen. The dress length was another concern - it finished just about 4 inches below the bottom of my butt - hardly discrete. But it was going to be another hot evening so I didn't think I'd stand out too much in a crowd.

The final question though was panties or not? Well I'd been without them before and I was feeling horny as hell so it was a fairly easy decision. Just my White high-heeled sandals and purse would complete the outfit.

It was still hours until Mike's flight came in but I knew the traffic to the airport was always heavy, so I decided to make my way there now. The early evening sun was still very warm, so I wound down the windows of the car. It felt so much more refreshing than the Air conditioner, even though the air was still warm. Traffic on the freeway wasn't too bad and it was going to be a pleasant drive. The wind streaming in through the window made the thin material on my dress ripple. It also made my nipples pretty stiff! I couldn't resist rubbing my fingertips over them, and as I looked down I could clearly see their outline through the material. My free hand fell to my lap, and I casually stroked my thigh. My legs spread slightly and I could feel a pleasant draft blowing up my dress. Mmmm that felt good. I eased the hem of my dress higher exposing my pussy to the breeze. By lifting my butt slightly I managed to lift it completely clear of my lower body, so now my bare butt was against the seat. With a little my pulling, the dress gathered around my waist leaving me totally exposed below.

I was suddenly away that the traffic was slowing slightly. We were getting closer to the downtown exits, and it always got busy there. To my right, I noticed a large truck pulling level with me. I gazed down at my lap and confirmed that 'everything' was on display. I was getting more brazen these days, I thought to myself, and I wasn't going to cover up. I eased round a little in the seat so I was facing more to the right side, and waited to see if the driver would spot me. Sure enough, the truck pulled along side, and though the traffic was moving faster in his lane, he seemed to make no attempt to move past. I glanced across and could see him staring intently at me. I allowed my hand to wander slowly from my knee up the inside of my thigh until it was resting level with my pussy. I rubbed one finger slowly up my pussy lips - feeling the heat and moisture emanating from it. Without removing my finger, I looked directly at the driver - he was pretty young and tanned and obviously enjoying the view. Our eyes made contact, and his eyes flashed away instinctively, but quickly his gaze returned to me. He gave a big smile, and I smiled back. 

He seemed to be trying to say something but I couldn't make it out because of the noise of the traffic. Then he pointed, and I figured he was saying something about my boobs. Ok, so he wants to see them too, I realized. I eased the thin straps of the dress of my right shoulder, then switched driving hands, and did the same for the left. Then I slowly pulled the front of the dress down until my nipples were almost exposed. I glanced back at the driver and he was nodding in encouragement. I pulled the dress down further and my boobs popped out. The material gathered under them, lifting them slightly high and exaggerating their size. God, I almost looked obscene. I took one last look at the young driver, and he was beaming with excitement - boy I bet he had a real hard-on by now. There wasn't much more I could do though, and I didn't want anyone else to see me exposing myself so brazenly. Besides, I was getting close to the airport turnoff and didn't want to miss it. I eased my boobs back into my dress and pulled my hemline down as much as I could.

Traffic was starting to bunch up ahead, so I accelerated a little and managed to pull over in front of the truck. I could see him still looking at me from my rear-view mirror, so I waved my hand out of the window to him. He blew me a kiss back and waved. My exit was next, so I indicated and turned off. I parked the car in the short-term car park, and checked my watch. Mike's flight was due in less than an hour, so there was plenty of time to get some coffee. 

The Starbuck's stand nearest to his arrival gate wasn't too crowded, and I took my Latte to a quiet table in the corner. It wasn't going to be long until I'd have to decide whether to tell Mike what I'd been up to. Could I really tell him ALL the details, I thought? Well, maybe a few to start with and see where it went from there. I knew he'd be slightly surprised at how little I was wearing today. Its not that I'd been so conservative in the past - but this was so brazen for me. I wondered how long it would be before he realized I was pantie-less?

I glanced at the arrivals board, and it showed that Mike's flight had landed. I left the rest of my coffee and strolled over to the gate. Within about ten minutes, people started exiting the plane. I smoothed my dress down over my boobs, made sure my hemline was as respectable as it could be, and looked up to see Mike appearing. He beamed his big smile at me, and I quivered a latté (he still does that to me even after all these years!). "Hi darling" he shouted, and I smiled back at him. He dropped his bag and gave me a big hug, his hands sliding down to my butt. He must have realized quickly that there were no panty seams beneath the sheer material - so much for wondering how long it would take him! He gave a little start and said, "I guess it’s been very hot here while I've been away!” I blushed slightly and said, "Have I shocked you?” "No", he said, "You know I think you have a great body, I've always liked to show you off!” "Well", I said, "I have a few things to tell you then, but lets get to the car first, ok?” He grinned back, "Hmmm. Now I'm intrigued, let's go".

