I am from Chennai as you all may know. Thanks for your replies to my
previous stories.this experience happened in the work place along with
my co-worker. Her name is Sangeetha. She is a senior software
programmer working/developing in the same institue. There were 2 other
male teachers and 3 female teachers in it. She is married but with no
kids and must be around 29 years of age with a milky white complexion.
Her hands are so smooth and milky and her face is always fresh and
everytime I go closer, I can get some fresh smell from her body. She
is little bit on the bulkier side with heavy ass with nice foldings on
her hips. She is somewhat shorter than me and comes to work either in
saree or chudidhar. Her bra will be usually visible on her shoulders
(comes out of the jacket) and she adjusts it every now and then to
hide it inside. Her boobs are heavy too and the roundness of the boobs
is one heck of a sight to watch.

We usually sit on a dining table well inside the office to take tea
during break times. And she has a tendency to keep her left hand above
the table. Everytime I sit on her left side, I can see the nice &
round globes from the left and also the snowy white, soft hips with
foldings. Sometimes she keeps the hand above the table and writes
something. She even sleeps (rather takes rest) in that position
itself. I take every opportunity during that timings to watch those
treasures. Her boobs will be pointing downwards and the full roundness
will be visible. Her left side hip upto the mid portion of her tummy
will also be visible. Her navel will be visible if she is standing and
that too if we look really well. She doesn't wear below navel or
anything but may be right on the edge. For guys like me who knows how
to explore every inch of an adult woman, these things are pretty easy
to idetify. I often feel like feeling those globes preventing it from
falling down due to gravity. I am pretty sure that these boobs are
bigger than my athai's even though she is a lot younger when compared
to my athai.
Since she is senior to me, I can ask her anything related with her
subject and she explains them to me in her sweet voice. She doesn't
hesitate asking me for any help in my subject as well. We have a lab
full of computers for students and 5 class rooms with computers too.
Ours is a growing institute, so we don't have a full load of students
all the time. There will be plenty only after 5 pm until 9 pm but a
few during the day time. In one of those days, she was working in her
computers in the lab and I went and approached her for a question. I
purposefully go to her left side, since not much I can see from the
right side.
"Hi geetha, are you in the middle of something?" I asked
"Not much." she stopped typing and looked at me "Do you need anything?"
"I can't seem to find an output for this query." I extended my
notebook and shown her the query. She must have noticed something
strange in my pants and with that face looked at me and said, "Your
pants..!! Your zip..!!! is not locked."
"OOPS!" I said, "I am so sorry." I just stood there itself and in one
swift motion zipped it. She just turned and pretended to look
somewhere. I even felt so embarrassed for doing this. I promise you
guys I did not plan this. It was really an accident that I went there
like that.
"That's ok. It happens." She smiled and told not to make this a big
deal. I apologized her again and we concentrated on the question. As
she started running that query in her computer, my eyes were all over
her again and naturally my cock has started growing from its normal
size. I thought to myself what would have happened if I sat there
unzipped with stiffened cock. She probably would have seen my
underwear with stiff cock. I smiled within myself and thought what
would have happened if I didn't wear underwear. Man..I cursed myself
for my day dreaming and started listening to her.
The very next day when I walked thru the lab, I saw her crossing me.
We smiled as we crossed, and right at the last moment, I saw her eyes
right on my tool. She didn't see I was noticing her as I saw straight
and then looked at her without turning my face. I laughed within
myself thinking that she must be checking if I am unzipped again. For
quite sometime after that, several times when we crossed,
un-intentionally her eyes will go there and immediately will look
somewhere. I didn't ask anything or joked anything about that to her
but since she keeps noticing involuntarily, however I was getting
really turned on.
I started coming to work without my underwear from that day and we
usually have to wear format pants. If I get turned on, I am sure my
bulge will be visible to anyone. So, I had to be careful while I have
students or other staff with me. But there is no reason for me to get
turned on other than she being present, so I stopped worrying about
that. It worked well for few days and I didn't have any problem with
that. So, I continued coming to work without wearing underwear. And
everytime I am working with her, my bulge will be visible over the
pants. And I can easily tell from her facial reactions and stammering
voices that she keeps looking at my bulge every now and then. I keep
my keyboard over the lap so even if someone comes I can hide it with
my keyboard.
She is more of a naturally spoken, soft-natured, no-fight, no-harm
lady. She must have found little bit odd or may be scared about my
recent behaviours, which I can notice from her change of behaviours.
She started maintaining some kinda distance from me and when I ask her
something by approching her, she answers them without even looking at
me, just by looking at the monitor (as if concentrating on her work).
Her fear has given somewhat advantage to me and I never hesitated
shown my bulge only infront of her. I wasn't worried about her
reporting about this to the management because I was pretty damn sure
that she won't do it. Even if she wants to tell the boss, what can she
say? --that this guy is always showing his bulge to me-- I guess
everyone will be laughing at her. However she pretected herself from
me by simply ignoring me and avoiding any physical contacts or even
nearness.
In one of those days, I was sitting in the break room and having my
tea. She was sitting opposite to me and sipping her tea with her eyes
on the book. Just the looks of her body and the sexyness turns me on.
I slid my hand underneath & quietly unzipped my pant and took my cock
out. My cock was rock hard and standing perpendicular like a pole. No
one walking by, can see me in that position, unless they bent down the
dining table and look. I don't think anyone is going to do that.
Confirming no one is around, I asked her, "Do you have the lab
exercise papers for VB 5.0?"
"Sure I do." with her usual look on the book and replied.
"Can you give it to me so that I can take a copy of it and give it
back to you?"
"Where is yours?"
"I didn't realize my students would need it today. I kept mine at home."
"Ok..but be sure to return it now..I need it too."
"Sure."
She took her copy of the excercise papers from the file and started
giving it to me one by one. After getting the first two papers from
her, I slipped in the those papers in between the partitions of the
wooden dining table without her knowledge and they fell underneath the
table.
"Oops!" I said as if being sorry.
She meanwhile without saying anything just bent down the table and
started collecting those. I was just waiting for this to happen. I
just expanded my legs and since I took my cock out completely, she can
now see the entire length of the perpendicular shaft. "Wow!" I thought
to myself.."Come on baby! Take a look."
I slightly slid down as if trying to help, bent more in the same
sitting position. I can now see her underneath trying to reach out for
one of those papers on my side. Now, I slid down with my erect cock,
reached for the paper and took it. She from underneath itself, looked
at the huge pole and looked at me in the eyes. There was only a few
inches of spaces between us (if you can imagine the situation) and I
can clearly see her becoming really nervous as if hit by a 1000 volts
of electric shock. She got up with that face and sweating a bit. I
extended my hand casually as if nothing happened and hiding my
expressions entirely. I didn't know what was running thru her mind.
She simply handed it and in one quick motion, without even looking at
me, cleared that place. I was laughing to myself and stroke my
hardened cock for 2,3 times and zipped it in. I didn't know if that
was the right move with her. But she is the one who started it. Had
she not kept looking at me there, I wouldn't have gotten the urge to
show my bulge and ultimately the whole naked cock. It's all her fault.
I had atleast some hope in the very deepest part of my mind that this
chick would definitely fall to me some day or other. I never get tired
of trying. In one of those days, my boss came to the office with her
daughter Swapna, who was around 15 yrs of age and introduced her to
all of us. I wasn't sure what grade she was studying then, but I
couldn't believe when she said she was in her 8th grade when she told.
The reason is she didn't look like it. She really looks well
developed, fair-colored with developing tender buds, a cute ass & and
nice long legs. Whenever she comes to work, she wears a knee high
skirt and a t-shirt. The short skirt is above her knees & would be
revealing her inner thighs a lot and the t-shirt will slightly project
those tender rosy buds as well. My boss specifically told me to teach
her all the basics about computers whenever she is there and when I
have free time. She became nice and friendly with me within 2 days.
She started playing pranks & other activities with me including
punching me in the hands, pinching my thighs & cheeks & sometimes
hitting me too. My boss never used to care about anything nor had the
time to look after those things.
She has been a quick learner in everything but she had more interests
in playing games than learning. I taught her how to play the game Dave
(the arcade game that has 10 levels). I have completed all the 10
levels and when she saw me playing once, she got completely mad after
the game. After that, she never leaves me for anything. As soon as she
comes, she calls my name loudly in the lab and takes me to one of the
class rooms. I never miss the opprtunity to keep my hands in her hips
or thighs, or gently pinch her in the cheeks, rub her smooth hands
etc., I learnt in quick time that this young girl is playful with a
carefree attitude who doesn't know anything about sex, but wouldn't
mind trying it or being tried. So, everytime she comes and stand near
to me (while I am sitting infront of my computer), I keep one of my
hands behind her & she puts one of her hands around my shoulder. I
gently pull her closer to me by caressing her back and also keep my
hands on her cute ass. I gently rub her ass cheeks, while she watches
my computer. This has been going on for a while.
The class room is a single room fitted with a/c and a table with a
computer. The computer table is well inside the room & facing the
entrance of the room. We sit behind the monitor facing the entrance so
I can see if anyone is entering. Due to a/c, the glass door will be
locked. The glass door is in such a way that we can see people
outside, but they can't see from outside.
That afternoon, there was no class for me and I was sitting bored. I
could see that Sangeetha is getting bored too. I wasn't talking to her
for quite some time after *that* incident unless there is some
work-related issue. However I noticed lately that she seemed to
recover from that and trying to talk to me normally and started
smiling at me. Swapna was in her summer holidays as well and so she
was coming to our office almost everyday. As soon as she entered the
lab, she just grabs my hand and pulls me to go to the class room. I
turned and looked at sangeetha as I got up and she was looking at us
too. As usual we both were inside the class room and started the game.
If anyone comes, I will as usual change it to something else & she
knows that too. She really liked me very much and we share lots of
tiny secrets & gossips between us too (like what other students or
staff are talking & what her dad used to talk about me etc.,). That
day, she was playing sitting on her chair (on my right) and asked me
to clear one of the hurdles in the game. I went behind her and with
the keyboard on her hand, I helped her to cross the level. I was
holding her fingers & held my other had on her left shoulder. I
intentionally brushed her boobs with the back of my palm to find out
how big they are.
Those weren't smaller as I imagined and I could feel the developed
tender projections over the soft t-shirt.After somtime, she stood up
and kept the keyboard in the table and started playing by slightly
bending forward in the standing position (now the ass is projecting
backwards). I was sitting closer to her and watching her playing and
simultaneously watching her cute ass and also the smooth thighs. Her
lower hips were slightly brushing my right shoulder and if I lean back
a little, I can clearly see her inner thighs inside her skirt and the
bottom of her cute ass.
"I am operating the keys faster. It's easy for me playing in this
standing position."
"Sure will be. Your daddy is going to question you one day about what
you have learnt so far."
She laughed and said "I will tell him, so far you have only taught me
5 levels of dave."
"Then he will kick me out of here."
"Hehe..good good..Thats what I want." She laughed again and slightly
pinched my cheeks.
"I won't teach you next level then. I am going to delete this game
from the computer."
"Come on..I was just joking." she pinched me gently again and
continued "hmm..help me with this level."
I could see her losing 2 lives for shooting a monster. I moved closer
in my sitting position & gently extended my hands around her ass and
operated on the keyboard infront of her. She stood up erect infront of
me (without hiding the monitor) & now my face was brushing her hips &
feeling the warmness. My hand was slightly pressing those soft ass
cheeks over her flimsy skirt.
"Here ya go! Don't lose another life. Then we have to start all over
again." I handed it to her and when I took my hands from there, I
gently caressed her ass cheeks with my palm on the way. What a soft &
cute butt cheek she has! I kept my hands there for sometime & she was
in full concentration of the game. She bent again making her butt
project backwards. I leaned back every now and then (and also making
sure no one is outside) to see inside her skirt. She had a rose
colored panty over her pinkish ass cheeks. And now, I was getting
really turned on by the situation. And my little master was becoming
big inside the pants with no underwear.
Every now and then, when she makes any mistakes in the game, I started
gently pinching on her ass cheeks. My hands will continue to remain
there even after pinching.
"Sss..it's paining" she cried and rubbed her ass cheeks with her left
hand."Ok. I will make it less painful hereafter." saying that I rubbed
her ass cheeks as if helping her. Slowly I kept my fingers in the
partition of the ass cheeks and sligtly gripped one side of the ass
cheek. It was really soft & warm. Every now and then, I gently
separated the partition with my fingers and felt down in the middle
with my fingers. I purposefully dropped a pen and while I bent down to
get it, I kept my face over the ass cheeks and felt them in my lips.
Slowly, it didn't take much time for me to keep my hands in the back
of her bare thighs too. The thighs were reallllyy smooth & warm. I
also kept talking with her (rather directing her moves on the game)
every now and then making sure that my interest too is on the game she
is playing. I gripped her thighs gently (as if trying to warn her)
whenever she closely escapes from one of the hurdles in the game. By
now, I was freely caressing both her thighs and kept raising towards
her bare ass cheeks. I was really closer to her in such a way that her
short t-shirt revealed a small gap between the hip area as well. As I
was inclined to her, my right side portion of the face was feeling the
gap between the t-shirt and the skirt. Now my hand was perfectly on
top of her ass cheeks and I gently placed it over her panty. It was
just then we heard a knock on the door and immediately followed by the
opening of it. It was Sangeetha!
"What are you guys doing?" She asked by standing at the entrace.
I slowly took my hands from inside swapna's ass. Meanwhile swapna
pinched and asked me to close the game. I signalled her it's ok.
"Do you want to see what we are doing?" I asked sangeetha smilingly.
She entered inside without replying, closed the door and came behind us.
"So, this is what you guys have been so far instead of learning?"
"Sangeetha aunty! Don't tell anyone. This game is really nice. Do you
want to play too?"-Swapna.
"I don't want to play. And you.." She turned to me and said "Why are
you spoiling a small kid?"
I replied "She only wanted. Moreover she has learnt what she needs to
know. Thats why I thought of spending some time in games too."
"Ok..whatever! The reason I came here is to tell you that our boss
called now and said that we both have to go to a training program in
the main branch starting next week."
"Next week! What time? And for how many days?"
"It's for 3 days from next Monday. And it's from 9 to 5 pm."
"Ok. Fine with me. What about you?"
"I don't know. What do you mean?"
"I mean if it is ok for you to go to the training with me?" I asked
her with a hint of smile.
"I guess so." She replied with a smile too.
I thought to myself that this is going to be fun to spend some alone
time with her. Of course, there are going to be some other guys from
some other companies as well, but I would be the only one familiar to
her. So, she needs to interact with me and me only. I was delighted
more. But from her smile and the recent behaviour over the past few
days, I found that she has been missing my company with her. I could
feel that she is sort of jealous about me spending more time with
boss's daughter rather than interacting with her. But why is she
running away everytime she sees my bulge or naked cock? Why is she
ignoring me? I then thought to myself that may be she was some sort of
nervous or may be scared. I couldn't come to any conclusion by then,
but couldn't wait for the next week as well.
Sangeetha, during her presence inside didn't fail to notice my bulge
again with her wandering eyes. This time, it's not because of her. She
probably would be wondering why is his cock erect now. She could have
easily guessed that this guy has not only been playing games but also
playing with this young & innocent girl too. She stood there for
sometime and watched swapna's playing by standing behind her chair. I
was sitting with my bulged cock & couldn't guess where she was looking
then, since she was standing behind us. She left after few minutes
saying that she soon has a class to take. I looked at her eyes when
she closed the door and she looked at me too and closed.
"Huhhhh!" sighed swapna with a relief and asked me "Why didn't you
close the game when she entered?""That's ok. She won't tell
anyone.""How can you be so sure? What if she tells to my dad?"I
thought to myself that she won't. If she would, then she would have
told a lot of other things as well. But she hasn't."Don't worry. I
know she won't." She continued playing & I placed by hands and gently
squeezed both her ass cheeks. I drew my chair more closer to her and
gently lifted her skirt by caressing her bare thighs. This time, it
didn't take much time to keep my hands over her ass cheeks. I ran my
hand & rubbed smoothly over the panty covered butt cheeks and ran my
finger thru the middle intersection. I then slowly inserted my hands
thru the sides of panty and inserted it completely. Her bare ass
cheeks were completely full in my hand and I started massaging it
slowly. What a cute, firm ass cheeks they are! I then flipped the
sides of the panty and slowly brought the sides of the panty to the
middle (just like a bikini). Now, both her ass cheeks were clearly
free as if she is not wearing any panty. I continued caressing and
gently squeezed them every now and then. It felt really warm and
smooth down there. I ran my fingers down in the intersection and felt
the warmness in her crack too. I just wanted to pull her panty right
off and feel the smooth ass cheeks with my lips. Kissing & gentle
biting of an young & cute ass cheeks is a real turn on for me. But I
just waited for the right time and opportunity.
I knew for sure that I can accomplish my desires within a matter of
few days.After few minutes of caressing those fresh, smooth ass
cheeks, my desire towards seeing them increased tremendously. My cock
was also becoming rock hard and I desparately wanted a release too.
So, by gently caressing her ass cheeks, I gently lifted her skirt with
the same hand. I slid back a little and took a closer view. Wow! What
I saw was terrific. Her ass cheeks were slightly reddish (combined
with a milky whiteness) & was really smooth. And since I had moved the
panty towards the middle, her projected ass which is almost naked,
looked cuter than ever. With my hand still operating on the ass
cheeks, using my other hand, I dropped some coins from my shirt
pocket. She turned back and smiled at me saying "oh..you dropped
something again! Come on..take it." and contiuned her playing. I
smiled and gave a little more pressure in her ass cheeks and squeezed
them a little. Then, I bent down & collected those coins. And when I
got up, I gently brushed my lips starting from the upper portion of
her thighs and ended perfectly on one of her ass cheeks. The monitor
on the table is clearly covering me & even if someone enters suddenly
I can get up as if collecting the coins. Now I used both my hands to
keep her mini skirt raised upto her hips and placed a perfect kiss on
one of her ass cheeks. She meanwhile slightly adjusted herself by
moving right infront of me. I kept my face right over her ass and kept
brushing with my lips over the warm ass and started gently kissing. I
kept increasing my pressure with my lips and gently licked and bite
those tender cheeks with my lips. The softness was amazing. I gently
pulled her panty down and saw the entire ass and kissed it completely
down the middle & extended my lips all over.
And there again, there was another knock on the door followed by a
quick opening. I immediately got up and pulled the skirt down. And
Swapna adjusted & stood straight. It was Sangeetha again.
"What happened? No class for you now?" I asked her.

"huhh..!" replied with a sigh.."No.. It's just was for one student and
he didn't show up today."
"Did he call?"
"Yeah..he did. He said he has some college exam tomorrow & he needs to
prepare for that. Do you mind if I come in and sit here with you guys?"
"Absolutely not. Come on in. She is almost finishing 6th level."
"Oh..I see!" She locked the door and pulled another chair from the
student's side. She sat right next to swapna on her right.
"Geetha aunty! You won't tell my dad ..right?"
"No ma. I won't. You have fun. I am just going to read my book." She
turned and looked at me in a meaningful way and smiled.
I asked "What happened? You seem a little tired."
"hmmm..May be! I am just bored."
"But I can see from your eyes that you are tired."
"That might be becoz I didn't sleep well last night. And I am feeling
sleepy now. Afternoons are always like that."
I wanted to ask why she didn't sleep well last night but decided not to.
"Just lie down with your hands on the table & also with a book on your
lap. If anyone comes, I will wake you up."
She again smiled at me in a meaningful way and did what I told her to.
She held her head sidewards with both her hands above the table and
was facing me. She had her eyes opened and was looking at me every now
and then. Her saree wasn't enough to cover her left side boobs hanging
down and also her velvette smooth hips and tummy. I just got double
turned on. I continued watching her and the game simultaneously &
pulled closer to swapna again. My cock was tremendously hard by then
and was standing perpendicular like a pole over my pants. I was sure
sangeetha had already noticed it and even now I was pretty sure that
she is watching me and my every move with her partially opened eyes. I
decided to play a game of my own.
