Kevin and Martha worked at the same large national corporation. They worked in Connecticut but lived in different parts of the state. Martha near the coast. Kevin closer to the border with Massachusetts. They met when they were briefly assigned to the same work group. Seeing each other for meetings, training sessions, etc. They got along well, had fun when they talked, there seemed to be a solid connection between the two. But the assignment to the same group did not last long. With the start of Covid 19 employees were assigned to groups closer to their residences.
They continued to communicate thru text, their home SYKPE. At least a couple of times a week. Normal back and forth. Martha hinted about getting together outside of work. Kevin was not interested in that. He liked Martha. But just as a friend. She was fun. But he kept professional and personal separate. He let Martha know that. The communicating was fine. But more than that was not. That was OK with Martha. Or so she said.
Martha wanted more. Kevin was hot. Tall. Athletic. Easy going. She was really turned on by Kevin. She wanted him. Martha was used to men underestimating her.
Martha was fairly attractive. But not a head turner. She was on the shorter side. Nice large breasts. Attractive face. The rest of her could be described as "solid". Not great but not bad. She knew this. She knew connections with guys like Kevin were rare for her. She wasn't going to let this opportunity go to waste. And why should she? She and Kevin were both divorced. Mid 30s. Adults. Who cared if they worked for the same place. Not her. She would ignore Kevin's wishes. She was smart. She was aggressive. She had her own plan for their relationship.
This was the Covid-19 time and people were all working at home now. Martha and Kevin usually just messaged. Basic. Normal stuff. That was going to change. The commentary would be different. Bolder. More open. There would be the usual talk mixed in as well. Martha did not want to go overboard. It would be a steady process to breakdown Kevin.
Martha started randomly video calling as well as messaging. She worked in a consistent message during their contacts. Whether it was a video call or just messaging. There would be an underlying sexual theme. And a control theme. "You look great." "Warm today -- you may want to wear a little less." "I am watching -- I am thinking of you." "Can you sense the thoughts I sent as you woke up today." It was bolder. But not way over the line. Not all the time. Nothing to scare Kevin. Just fun and flirty -- that was the vibe she wanted to give to Kevin.
Kevin noticed the change in the messaging and the video calls. He did not know what to make of it. There were still plenty of normal conversations. They did not communicate daily. He kind of let it ride. He told Martha knew nothing was going to happen between them. She was just having fun. It certainly was a break from the boring, cannot do anything Covid times. Kevin was used to woman noticing him. He was missing that during Covid. Martha really focused on him -- and he was enjoying it.
Every week. The messaging continued. "Open your mind to the thoughts I am sending." "Relax, you are working too hard, stretch out on the floor, pretend I am massaging you." "I am visualizing you aroused -- it so enjoyable." "I am thinking of you barely dressed while you work and it is so satisfying". Sometimes a video call. Sometimes just SKYPE or text messaging.
More and more. Working in slightly bolder comments. The beach was a constant theme. Martha loved the beach. She had a small private beach near her. She went often. Her messaging started to include her love of the beach. "Thought I saw you at the beach -- you looked great. That suit you had on was very skimpy. I enjoyed watching and observing you." "I took my dogs to the beach today -- they were so frisky and eager to be patted and trained -- I thought of you." "I walked my dogs at the beach today -- I so enjoyed it -- I thought of collaring and walking you at the beach." "I am sending some very powerful and provocative thoughts to you -- can you feel the effect."
Kevin's reaction to Martha's messaging started to change. In a way he could not seem to control or understand. Kevin started to want a message from Martha. She seemed to know him so well. Everything was so perfectly directed to him. He was startled and embarrassed but he was starting to physically react when he read the comments and messages. He would replay the comments in his mind. And his anticipation of their communications was growing. When he saw her contact coming in or that she was on video call watching him, he felt aroused. He needed this. By the end of many contacts he was very aroused. Hard. Erect. Very distracted.
Kevin still never objected to the messaging or the calls. He was becoming effected by the systematic messaging. The trigger points in the messaging aroused him. He knew it. He accepted it. He was enjoying it. It was fun. Playful. He knew Martha liked him. Yes -- some stuff seemed a little over the line. But Martha was just having fun with him. This was not even in person, it was thru electronic communication. What was the harm? Nothing was going to come of this.
Martha had thought out Kevin well. He was attractive. He enjoyed compliments. He was used to attention and he liked it. The exhibition of himself. The control theme. The consistent messaging. Video calls. They would have an effect on Kevin's senses. She was training him for a reaction. To accept his sexual arousal. She knew it was working. The video calls. He seemed flustered now as she looked at him. Unable to look her in the eye. His messages back to her seemed to want to encourage her to make the suggestive comments. He sometimes was contacting her first. She was enjoying this. The sense of her growing power was an incredible turn on. When her messaging sessions ended with Kevin she was often wet and could feel her nipples stiffening. She often masturbated to orgasm at night thinking about it.
Martha enjoyed the challenge with Kevin. They worked for the same place. She knew Kevin was trying to keep work and personal separate. She couldn't go totally overboard in her messaging. She had to mix in normal conversations -- professional conversations. She had to make sure it wasn't too often she messaged. She knew she was making progress with Kevin. She could still raise this up to a higher level. Her opportunity came soon.
The notification came out to Kevin and Martha. The company needed to have an in-person training with certain employees. Only a small number of employees needed the training. There was important customer updates that could only be provided in person for security reasons. Strict Covid guidelines related to distancing, masking, cleaning would be followed. Kevin and Martha would attend the same session.
Martha messaged Kevin the day before the training. "Cannot wait to see you tomorrow. I would like to see you wear something appropriate. Sit near me. I will be watching".
Kevin was at his closet the next day getting ready. He kept wondering what was happening to him. Martha's words were in his head. He kept thinking of Martha watching him during the day. It aroused him. He was used to women looking at him -- he always enjoyed it. This was more. She was so focused on him. Her comments were so effective. She wanted him to exhibit himself to her and he enjoyed the thought of it. He was going comply with her request.
The dress was professional casual at their work place. He selected one of his usual button down collared shirts. But for his pants he went with a pair he had not worn in over a year. They had shrunk slightly and the material was very thin. They fit tightly over his thighs, butt, crotch. They were grey, a lighter grey. The color and thin tight material made those parts of his body very noticeable.
Kevin arrived at the training room. There were only eight other employees who needed the training. Plenty of room to spread out. Martha was already in the room. The seats were marked and designated for proper spacing. Martha's seat was in the back corner and faced the front of the room. Kevin took a designated seat near her -- his was along the edge of the room. It was on the side of Martha's seat, and a little in front. His seat faced inward -- towards the room. Martha would be able to glance slightly to the left and have a full view of Kevin.
Martha had noticed Kevin's pants in the morning. They fit perfect. Tight. Hugging his butt. With the tight fit and light color she could look right over and see the outline of his penis thru the pants. She loved that he had felt the need to dress for her. The morning session had covered all the important material. Martha wanted more out of the afternoon session. At lunch they went for a walk. "Great to see you in person. You look so beautiful in those pants. I have been admiring you all morning". Martha would occasionally let her hand go to Kevin's butt and lightly rub it as they walked. She knew this was effecting Kevin. His cock was becoming aroused. It was noticeable thru his pants. But she wanted more. As they arrived back for the afternoon session, Martha said "Try and get a little more comfortable for me".
Kevin's mind was spinning. He was semi hard. Martha's months of messaging was working on Kevin. She was pushing him and he would behave. He went into the restroom stall. Removing his tee shirt and underwear.
Kevin returned to his seat. Martha was observing him. Her gaze straight down on his cock. His body was betraying him. His cock was growing. With no underwear to restrain it. It felt so free. So exposed. He was doing as Martha wanted. Exhibiting himself to her. His cock was pushing across his thigh. He was fully hard. The tight fabric holding his cock in place. Giving Martha the perfect view. The light fabric almost see thru. He placed his hands over his cock trying to cover it as best as possible. He glanced at Martha who shook her head. Kevin removed his hands. She was enjoying the show.
Martha allowed Kevin the space to get out of the building at the end of the day. She knew he was self-conscious over his aroused state at work. She had a plan in mind. She followed along as he headed for his parking lot. Catching up to him in his parking lot. It was still before most people got out of work. The parking lot was quiet. Kevin had a somewhat shielded parking spot.
"Hey, great day today". Martha moved in close as she talked. Immediately reaching out and undoing all Kevin's shirt buttons. Martha talked to Kevin to keep him slightly distracted. While talking to him she removed his shirt. She told Kevin to kick off his shoes which he did.
Ever so gently, Martha started to touch his shoulders, arms. Gently rubbing and massaging them. Working her way to the front of his chest she lingered on his nipples. Stroking them. Lightly pinching them. Her hands dropped down to his stomach, letting her fingernails trace around in a circle.
Reaching down further she undid Kevin's belt buckle and removed his belt. Then undid his pants. Pulling them down. Kevin was now standing in front of her totally naked.
Martha always knew this was possible. But even she was surprised. Her training of Kevin over the last few months was now coming together. She had been able to do it all even without seeing Kevin in person. She had a dazed, compliant and extremely horny man in front of her. Any thoughts Kevin had of trying to hold back were now gone. His inner exhibitionism had been released. She had nurtured his compliant personality to do as she asked. She was in control.
She admired the beautiful man in front of her. Even more so now that he was naked in front of her. His tall, athletic frame. The lean detailed muscles in his arms and legs were noticeable. His cock was prominent. Even though Kevin was a tall man -- his penis seemed oversized for his body. Long with a nice medium girth to it. And hard. Kevin had been hard all afternoon. Still was.
Martha was so tempted to drop to her knees and take the erect smooth penis in her mouth. She also imagined herself just straddling and fucking Kevin here in the parking lot. But she would not. She would please herself later. Masturbate while thinking about this moment. For now, she needed to remain in control.
Martha let her hands drift down further. Giving Kevin's thighs each a few firm squeezes. Then holding his testicles and rolling them. She traced up and down on Kevin's cock. It had been hard all afternoon. It was filled with semen. Martha had to careful, gentle. She did not want him to orgasm yet. She let Kevin's cock lay in her left hand -- palming it. Feeling its weight in her palm. It felt so good. Warm. Full. With her thumb she touched the tip. Pre-cum was dripping out. Kevin was moving slightly back and forth, trying to create some friction. Martha just held out her hand flat underneath it -- preventing him touch from creating friction.
Martha moved to the side of Kevin. Still holding his enlarged cock in her left hand. She reached around with her right hand and rubbed his ass. His ass checks were hard mounds of muscle. She took turns massaging each one. Firmer and firmer. Loosening up the muscles. Loosening and loosening. Then running her hand up and down the crack between Kevin's buns. She was able to insert two of her fingers into Kevin's anus. She did not move them around. She just kept them inserted. She slowly encircled Kevin's cock with her left hand.
"You have been so good today. I am so pleased with you. You are my beautiful man. I want you to open your mind. Release yourself to me. Feel my control over of you. Let me hear you as you enjoy this".
Kevin started to rock slowly back and forth. Moving his hips. Pushing his ass up and into the Martha's fingers and his cock into her hand. A nice rhythm. Back and forth. Back and forth. Moaning. Groaning. He had cleared his mind. Not thinking of anything except his incredible building pressure in this cock. His cock had been hard most of the day. Engorged. He felt so open and sexual. Like an animal. He moved back and forth -- faster. Increasing the tempo. He shuddered as a huge groan came out of him and his body twitched. He was orgasming. Ejaculating all over. His body continued to twitch and as it did Martha started to both milk his cock and push her fingers in and out of Kevin's anus. Milking every last drop of semen out of him.
Martha left Kevin standing there totally naked. Dazed. Drained. She smiled as she started walking away. Her plan with Kevin had worked. She had bought him to orgasm in a public parking lot. She felt in control of him. It had been an excellent day. There would be more to come.