Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Assassin
Part: Chapter 24 of 27
Summary: Ass, sass and sin.  A young assassin does more 
than befriend people when he tries to get close to his 
targets.
Keywords: Mfff-nosex ff-nosex
Language: English
Copyright: 2009

*********************************************
*                 WARNING!                  *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************
I needed a cover story while I got close enough to a 
slippery bastard called Adam Pringle to make sure he 
didn't cause any more grief in the world.

Somehow I ended up screwing my foster-sister Anna as well 
as two of her friends, Hailey and Rosalie.

Somehow we all fell in love.

Somehow things are falling to pieces.

*SOMEHOW* I've got to try and settle this mess without 
breaking too many hearts.
*********************************************************

I ushered Hailey in before me - mere politeness rather 
than an attempt to use her as cannon fodder.

"I'm back and I've got Hailey with me."

My call saw two girls hurry out and Hailey was embraced 
enthusiastically while she tried to ask if Rosalee was 
okay.  As Rosalee responded I asked Anna if Ma had 
briefed Doug at all yet.

"Dad's caught up with a plumbing problem at one of the 
stores and won't be home for a while.  I don't know if 
that is good or bad.  He'd be helpful with Rosalee's 
problem but if he hears the rest he might not be 
interested."

I had to trust Anna knew her father best; well at least 
after Ma.

"Brent's home though so you might watch it over dinner.  
Ma is discrete; Brent is likely to tell all his drinking 
buddies first chance."

"So I'm back to just being your boyfriend?"

Hailey and Rosalee looked at the pair of us with some 
sorrow or envy in their eyes.

"My disgraced boyfriend - until Brent goes out or 
upstairs and then you can be *OUR* disgraced boyfriend 
again."

"How about the sleepover?  Your mother said anything 
about that being okay?"

Anna looked at me as if I was a stranger then realised I 
was teasing and thumped me.  "You had me thinking you 
were serious!"

"Let's see Ma.  I've got some news and it's easier to 
tell it once."

---

"Hello Hailey.  Welcome to my nightmare."

"Hello Mrs. Jamieson.  Is it really that bad?"

"No, but it is complicated and involves strongly held 
beliefs and short tempers and even some careless 
decisions."

I added to Ma's litany.  "It also involves a pile of 
clothes on a front lawn.  Sorry love, I really think your 
father expects a whole lot of grovelling from you at the 
very least.  Is it likely he's just trying to make a 
point and will let you go back?"

If he was going to hurt Rosalee I didn't want her to go 
back.  I could speak with him, warn him of the 
consequences of stepping the least bit out of line 
himself but I knew he wouldn't take any notice of me, 
both due to my age and to the fact that I was the 
offending party in his (quite justifiable) view.

I had no quarrel with him being angry at me for making 
love to his daughter.  It would be hypocritical of me to 
allow Doug his righteous anger and then condemn Mr. 
Lafayette.

But taking it out on his daughter was a different matter.  
Had Doug been violent towards Anna, I wouldn't have stood 
idle or merely tried to ward his blows.  Instead it would 
have been a quick rabbit punch to his kidney that would 
have doubled him over in relatively harmless pain.  Mr. 
Lafayette needed someone he would listen to; someone with 
the authority to make him realise violence would only 
breed more problems.

Of course, Rosalee was worried that people would steal 
all her clothes.

"Love, look at the area you live in.  People give their 
clothes to the charity and recycle stores; they don't 
shop there.  Your clothes are going to be safe.  We'll 
pick them up in a while."

I really would prefer Doug to be the face of outraged 
support for Mr. Lafayette's daughter.  It was discretion 
rather than cowardice since my own appearance would only 
inflame the situation.

"But where am I going to go?"

"We'll organise something.  If necessary there is the 
motel."

Now I was giving Ma information she didn't need to have.  
Had she picked up "the" rather than "a"?

"We've got a guest room free - Rosalee could stay with 
us, couldn't she Ma?"

"Let's see if we can't smooth things over with her family 
first - that would be best."

Even Rosalee agreed with that though she appeared to be 
as doubtful of it happening as I.

To avoid the issue for a little longer Ma began to serve 
dinner.  "Have you eaten Hailey?"

"No.  Mum has got mine at home."

"Well you may as well have a bite here with us.  Doug is 
going to get something for himself so there is plenty."

"Thank you."  Hailey would deal with a second meal later; 
it would be easier not being the only one not eating.

If Brent was surprised at guests on a Monday night, he 
said nothing.  I guess with a couple of attractive girls 
to look at he had no reason to object.  Matters were a 
little strained though as the topics we wished to discuss 
were not for Brent's ears and, so, much of the 
conversation dwelt on what he was doing.

At least the food was delicious though Rosalee's appetite 
suffered from her expulsion and she had to leave half her 
plate untouched.

Brent went upstairs when he had finished and we cleared 
up and moved into the Family Room.  I let Hailey share 
the lounge with Rosalee between her and Anna and watched 
as Ma considered how the three girls had so resembled 
Anna, Rosalee and myself earlier.

She turned the TV on as background noise so Brent would 
have trouble overhearing us.

"When I heard what the four of you had been up to I was 
amazed and then I thought it wasn't that much different 
from all the 'Free Love' messages that were being spread 
in the Sixties.  Oh, I'm not old enough to have been 
involved or even to have been conscious of what was 
really being said at the time but when people began 
producing documentaries in the seventies and eighties 
they kept on about it.  I never really knew anyone who 
was a part of it personally."

"I don't think that really applies Ma.  We're not 
interested in other people."

"Especially *STEPHANIE*," Rosalee appended to Anna's 
comment and looked at me with a mock glare.  I was 
pleased to see she wasn't entirely bound up by her 
father's attitude.

"Don't blame me.  I said flat out I wasn't available."

"Well so did I!" responded Anna.

"Available - not that you weren't interested," charged 
Rosalee.

"Stephanie?" asked Ma.

"A girl who tried to hit on us."

"Roger *AND* you?"

"And she would probably have asked Rosalee and Hailey if 
they'd been interested.  We *WEREN'T* interested despite 
Rosy's pedantic nature and that was that - at least it 
shows we were not just looking for sex though, doesn't 
it?"

"I guess so Anna.  I'm more worried why she thought *YOU* 
might be interested in other girls."

"We think it's because of how we three react to each 
other now.  You know how your eyes get wider when Dad 
comes home?"

"They do?"

"They do," I confirmed.

"Okay," said Ma.  "I am going to say that I accept you 
all have something.  What to call it, how it is going to 
turn out - in the short term or long - I don't have the 
foggiest but I won't object to it in principle.  That 
said, I have to consider how you, as high school 
students, need to behave.  I know I have no say over 
Rosalee and Hailey but if you two are - let's say 
'dating' for now.  If you are dating Roger and/or Anna 
then whatever restrictions Doug and I apply to them 
*WILL* affect you.  You might consider why we feel they 
are necessary and adopt them between yourselves anyway."

Rosy and Hailey nodded.  Ma was likely to be far more 
lenient than their own parents.

"Well then.  I won't say don't have sex.  I feel that it 
would be pointless trying to make that sort of rule when 
you ignored it before.  Instead I'll ask you to make sure 
you are safe.  I'd rather you were here where you've got 
privacy than somewhere that puts you in danger.  You want 
to say something Roger?"

"Just that, while we were possibly reckless I've always 
made sure there was no actual danger other than being 
caught."

"You were caught last night and Rosalee is suffering for 
it.  I think that shows that you weren't exactly safe."

I had to concede Ma was right.  Being caught had been a 
trivial problem - I had only assessed the danger in terms 
of how it affected my job.  I should, if I cared for my 
three loves, have more seriously considered how being 
caught would affect them!

Ma noticed my thoughtful look.

"Now that doesn't mean you turn up here and spend the 
whole weekend in bed - or hopping in and out of each 
other's beds.  You are young!  Be active; do other 
things.  Go on dates, and not always as the four of you.

"Anna, I've thought about your request and I think it is 
important for you and Roger to continue to have your own 
space for now.  I've got to talk to your father - we've 
spoken today about you two but I have to let him know 
about Rosalee and Hailey as well.  You needn't worry 
about him saying anything to anyone or reacting badly - 
well no more than this morning and I don't think that was 
unreasonable."

This time Anna and I nodded.

"*IF* it is necessary, Rosalee can stay here tonight.  I 
won't make any promises dear but don't worry that you're 
going to be left with nowhere to sleep for the present.  
It might not be practical as a long term option for any 
number of reasons but we will deal with those if and when 
they arise.  However that too isn't an open license for 
any of you.  Okay?"

Even Hailey added her okay to the chorus.

"So I guess the first thing we need to do is to see 
whether you and your parents can be reconciled.  Any 
suggestions?"

"It was the neighbour's story that upset Rosalee's 
father.  If we can counter that he might reconsider."

"Okay Roger.  How do you suggest we could do that?"

Ma used the crisis as a means of judging us.  Would we 
lie for each other (and was that a good or bad thing)?  
How responsible would we prove?  Could we reach consensus 
or were there serious power issues with me controlling 
the other three?

Acknowledging that we were an unusual group was one 
thing; seeing if it was a healthy relationship was 
another.  Ma cared about her own daughter first, as she 
should.  If Anna was safe and happy then she could 
consider her responsibilities towards me and, after that, 
Rosalee and Hailey.  I could accept that; we four had 
similar priorities ourselves.

"The first point raised was that Rosalee was with me in 
the park.  If we inform Mr. Lafayette that Rosalee was 
with both Anna and me we should be able to convince him 
that, at worst, I was kissing Anna."

"Were you?" Ma started her interrogation.

"Well, sort of.  Once properly I think."

"And did you kiss Rosalee?"

"Yeah.  A couple of times."

"How about anything else?"

"No.  I held Anna - hugged her.  That was all."

Ma looked at me incredulously.  Anna responded.

"I was the one there with Rosalee Ma.  Remember!"

"I remember now.  I find it hard to get my head around 
it."

"Well Roger and Rosalee had alre..."

"No.  I don't need the details and I certainly don't want 
them - knowing you all get together does not mean I need 
vivid images."

"Sorry Ma."

"Was that all that would have upset your father, Rosalee?  
Kissing Roger doesn't seem that much and it sounds like 
there wasn't anything else the neighbour could have 
honestly reported."

"When Roger and Anna were leaving I did the striptease, 
remember?"

"I hadn't.  Okay.  What would he have seen?"

"I turned around I guess and then leaned against the 
window."

"Nothing more?"

"No.  Mom called out to me and I had to get dressed in a 
hurry."

"Well then, let's try acting it out; it's a technique we 
used to use in conflict resolution when I was in college 
*WAY* back.  I'll play Rosalee's parent.  Which one is 
likely to answer the phone?"

"Probably my mother, now."

"And would she pass the phone over to your father?"

"If he hasn't been drinking.  If he's gotten worked up 
over me he quite possibly could have been."

"Right.  Roger, you are me. I'll be Rosalee's mother.  
You others feel free to make suggestion about what I 
would really say if you think I'm off the mark.  Ring, 
ring.  Hello?"

"Mrs. Lafayette, it's Elsie Jamieson here, Anna's mother.  
I've got Rosalee here; she turned up after school rather 
upset, saying she'd gotten into trouble over something 
but it was all a misunderstanding."

"A misunderstanding!  Did she tell you what she was doing 
with that boy you've got living with you?"

"With Roger?  He's the sweetest, most innocent - not to 
mention hands..."

"You're not being serious enough!"

"Sorry Ma.  Er, Rosalee has told me what you believe 
happened.  Something about being caught with Roger in a 
park?"

"My neighbour walked in on them alone together in the 
park after dark - he interrupted them fooling around."

"But they weren't alone together.  You know that Anna and 
Roger both went to dinner at Hailey's house don't you?  
Anna told me she was with them the whole time when they 
escorted Rosalee home.  I rather doubt that he would have 
been doing anything improper with *YOUR* daughter that 
evening when I'm embarrassed to say he was found with 
*MY* daughter in compromising circumstances the very next 
morning."

Ma called time out.  "You think that a wise argument?  It 
could lead to Anna's reputation being tarnished."

"I have a reputation?"

"Currently a good one - I hope."

"No, I couldn't believe anyone cared enough about what I 
did to give me a reputation, good or bad.  Besides, I 
don't think this would matter to anyone I know.  If I was 
fugh.. sleeping with anyone and everyone then I'd get a 
phone number graffiti rep but if I had a single boyfriend 
then everyone would assume we were doing *SOMETHING* 
anyway.  To be caught almost doing something or almost 
caught actually doing something would be quite normal."

"You'd discuss these things?"

Even Rosalee and Hailey nodded that these were topics of 
conversation with close friends.

"Okay, where were we then?  You'd just told me that you'd 
caught Roger and Anna having sex."

"No, I said in compromising circumstances.  Anna had 
slept with me, not *SLEPT* with me - at least then."

"I stand corrected and a little relieved.  Okay then, how 
would Mr. Lafayette interpret that?"

"He'd think you walked in on them while they were hard at 
it."

"And thank you Rosalee for that vivid imagery."

"Sorry."

Anna hugged her.  "Don't worry love.  That's one of the 
things I find attractive about you."

I silently agreed.

"Okay, you make the 'compromising situation' and I go 
'*WHAT*?' so how do you clarify my misunderstanding?"

"She felt she needed to have a cuddle and they fell 
asleep."

"And you believe her?"

"In this matter yes because she could have lied about 
things she knew I would disapprove of and didn't."

"What sort of things?"

Anna coached me; I answered "That doesn't matter now.  
What I'm concerned about is your daughter is suffering 
because you were prepared to listen to your neighbour and 
not her."

"Did she tell you about showing herself to anyone who 
could walk by?"  I suspect Ma was also using the role 
play to say things she would felt she couldn't express 
without making it harder for the girls to confide in her 
in future.

"She said your neighbour told you something about seeing 
her naked in her bedroom.  If it was my daughter I might 
tell her to be more careful about closing her curtains 
and wonder how often my neighbour has been keeping an eye 
on her window."

"Nasty Roger!" said Hailey.

"He said she was flaunting herself."

"And has Rosalee ever done anything similar before?  Why 
are you so willing to accept another's word without 
giving her at least the benefit of the doubt?"

"I guess I would give in at that stage if it was me," 
said Ma.  "I don't know about your parents Rosalee.  That 
was very well argued Roger."

"I guess I've been thinking of ways of explaining what 
happened...not that I'd ever do that to you or Doug."

"Yes.  Well.  I doubt I could come up with anything 
better without serious further thought and I believe now 
is an opportune time to call your home since your father 
has had time to calm down and consider the consequences 
of what he has done."

Rosalee smiled at Ma.  "Thank you for doing this for me."

"You're welcome Rosalee.  You want to enter the number 
for me please?"

She passed Rosalee the handset and waited while Rosalee 
dialled her home number.  Rosalee handed it over and we 
sat quietly listening to Ma working her way through the 
script.

Rosalee's father actually answered and nothing went quite 
the way we had intended.  Ma got a little flustered at 
one point and explained it to us after she had finalised 
the call with an unsatisfactory "Well if that's how you 
feel, I'll be around shortly to pick up the clothing I 
believe you've put out for her.  Is there anything else 
she should collect?  Her school things perhaps?  Oh 
that's not necessary.  If you gave her a few minutes I'm 
sure she could do that for herself.  No? Well then..."

"No go?" asked Anna, not really expecting a reply.  "What 
went wrong?"

"Nothing to start with other than none of my comments 
seemed to sway him in the least.  He dropped a bombshell 
on me that I wished you'd considered though.  Apparently 
you keep a diary Rosalee?"

"He *READ* it!?"

"I don't think I need to answer that."

"What did it say Rosy love?"

"Not much really.  Only a few words to jog my memory.  I 
can't believe he read it."

"Rosy," said Hailey.  "He threw your clothes out."

"And your school books as well," added Ma.  "I hope you 
don't have any homework you need to hand up; it might get 
blown away."

"Damn, what am I going to do about school?"

Hailey, attending the same convent-based school was aware 
of the situation. "The semester is paid for in advance so 
you get to finish the year.  Next year might be 
different."

"And that comes under things to be worried about later," 
I pointed out.

"What did he say about my diary?"

"First he read out an entry for a Saturday.  Something 
like 'I was an idiot but in the end everything was 
perfect.' I think that was it."

"I meant the day.  I was thinking of dinner when I wrote 
it."

"Well he also had entries that he linked to the other 
times you were out with Roger.  Things like 'I'm a woman 
for real now.  Wonderful, I love him.'  That sort of 
thing.  He said you'd drawn a heart with 'RT' inscribed."

Rosalee was a little embarrassed.  "Well I do!  I only 
meant that I knew I'd been mistaken about before and knew 
the difference and it *WAS* wonderful!"

"We know," Hailey confessed, actually admitting her part 
to Ma.

Ma picked up the phone again and called Doug.  He was 
still detained.  Normally the manager of the store could 
have managed the plumbers as well but he had two days off 
with his own personal crisis.

"*I'LL* have to take you over to get your things Rosalee.  
I don't think it is advisable for Roger to take you by 
himself."

"I agree."  Ma was worried for me; I didn't want to see 
Mr. Lafayette hurt, however pleasing that might be.

"I'll help you load the car but I think I'd better go 
home after that if you don't mind."

"Certainly Hailey," Ma acknowledged.

---

Rosalee's father hadn't thrown Rosalee's school work out.  
Knowing an adult was coming to collect her things, he'd 
made an effort to look a little more rational - if 
tossing your sixteen year old daughter out onto the 
street can be considered rational by any definition

Rosalee's clothes were in one relatively neat set of 
piles, her school bag then divided the path to their 
front door from stacks of books and folders.  It was as 
though they had built a wall to keep Rosalee and her 
supporters away.

"Roger, there is nothing heavy - would you just stay by 
the car and try to stack things in as best you can 
please."

Ma didn't want me actually on the property.

They cleared the school things first.  I restacked them 
at the back of the trunk.  Next came Rosalee's clothes - 
so many of them, items I'd never seen including outfits 
that she couldn't have fitted into for a couple of years.  
It seems her father had simply thrown out anything in her 
drawers and wardrobe.

Underneath it all was her diary, the pages torn out and 
scattered.  For Rosalee it was a potent symbol.  Her life 
had been recorded in there for the past two and a half 
years; little notes that told a simple story.  Now they 
were so much scrap and her father had said to her "All 
you were is gone" in one of the most damaging ways.

Anna and Ma were by the car and we all turned at 
Rosalee's anguished cry.

"*NO*!"

Rosalee was on her knees, grabbing at the fragments of 
paper as the light breeze lifted them from where they had 
been hidden.  Hailey knelt and between them they had most 
of the litter gathered up before the rest of us could 
join them.

Rosalee was weeping and accepted the scraps Hailey had 
gathered.  Hailey wrapped her arms around Rosalee and 
held her tightly.  She rubbed her hand over the back of 
Rosalee's head.

"Hush Rosy love.  It will be okay."  She kissed Rosalee's 
cheek as Anna and then I knelt beside them.

Ma glared at the house and at the closed curtain that 
still moved in the window.  She grabbed another pile of 
clothes.

"Come on, let's get these packed away and get out of 
here.  Hailey, would you take Rosalee to the car please?"

"I'll be all right," said Rosalee and with Hailey and my 
help she stood.  A piece of paper fell from her hand and 
she just looked down at it; stunned until Anna bent and 
retrieved it.

"Come on Rosy love.  Forget the rest.  Just come and sit 
with me in the car."

Anna and I watched them move off and then helped Ma.  
They piled my arms with clothes and I just dumped them in 
the back, completely filling it.  Anna had more on her 
lap in the back next to Rosalee and Ma put the remainder 
on my lap in the front.

"You okay Rosalee?"

"I guess.  Thank you for everything Mrs. Jamieson."

"You're under my roof, you'd better get used to calling 
me Ma.  You too Hailey."

"Thank you Ma."

There was no time to say anything before we were at 
Hailey's and she had to leave.  With the piles of clothes 
Anna and I stayed where we were so Rosalee said goodbye 
on our behalves before Hailey got out of the car.

It was a quite open kiss, not erotic in an X-rated movie 
sense but very much so as a romantic, two-people-in-love 
kiss.  Ma was the only public they actually had but I 
could see she wasn't unmoved by the sight.

"If you're going to school tomorrow I'll come over early 
and we can go together."

"Thanks.  I'd better.  You know, it's an 'if you don't 
brush your teeth then the terrorists have won' sort of 
thing.  I'm going to get good grades so I can get a 
scholarship and won't need them any more."

"You've got us," said Hailey.

"And you know we love you," added Anna.

"Thank you."

Hailey waved from the doorstep and Ma drove off as she 
walked through the door.

---

Doug was not upset so much as confused and disturbed.  He 
kept looking at me as though this was all my fault.  I 
guess he had some justification.

It was after 11 and Anna had settled Rosalee in bed with 
her - and with her mother's blessing - almost as soon as 
we had gotten home.

I had an invitation to visit but I knew Ma would 
disapprove if I did more than call in and kiss them 
goodnight.  She had reacted with such generosity and 
understanding that I wasn't going to deliberately strain 
matters.

She and I had unloaded the car into the guest room as 
quickly as possible and we were both tired from all the 
stairs by the time we were finished.  Brent had looked at 
us but other than asking "What's up?" and being told 
Rosalee was staying over he didn't offer to help.  Jerk!

We ended up in the kitchen, drinking coffee while we 
waited for Doug to turn up.  Ma was incensed at Rosalee's 
treatment and couldn't understand how I could be so calm.

"Rosalee is safe, her father won't hurt her though he 
might decide to try.  If I got upset I might be tempted 
to do something and that wouldn't solve anything now.  I 
read a quote once that said 'Violence is the last refuge 
of the incompetent' but I think that is wrong.  It's 
often the first tool the incompetent use and perhaps the 
last of the desperate.  I'm not desperate and I hope I'm 
not incompetent - that sounds more like Rosalee's father.  
Instead I think competent people restrict violence to 
where it can be applied like a surgeon's knife.  The 
problem is knowing the tumour from the healthy tissue.

"Mr. Lafayette is a tumour but he's not much different 
from many others in society.  He's not the raging 
malignancy but rather the ugly growth that is otherwise a 
benign nuisance.  Some might make the effort to get rid 
of such things but it can be better to just ignore them 
and deal with the things that really matter."

"That is quite profound Roger."

"Yeah, well I guess I read a little Philosophy when I'm 
not reading History."  I also spout off too much!  It 
*MAY* have been my philosophy but it shouldn't have been 
Roger's.

A little while later Doug walked in weary from his long 
and stressed day and found the problems hadn't finished.

The day had started with his sixteen year old daughter in 
bed with his seventeen year old foster son - or so he 
thought.

Ignoring his problems at work he now kept looking at me 
while Ma informed him that, 

- Not only had I admitted actually having sex with Anna, 
I was also having sex with Rosalee and with Hailey.

- Not only was I having sex with Rosalee but, because her 
father had become aware of the fact, she had become yet 
another house guest.

- Not only was Rosalee a house guest for an indeterminate 
period but she also - like Hailey - happened to be 
lover's with, once again, Doug's sixteen year old 
daughter.

And...
- Not only had his daughter spent the last night in bed 
with one of her lovers, she was doing the same with 
another of them as Ma spoke.

I hoped Doug had good medical cover as his blood pressure 
must have kept on climbing as she spoke.

"Anna is having sex with two girls as well as with Roger 
and you bring one of them into the house after her father 
kicks her out!?"

"What would you have me do?  Besides, they're in love."

"I thought she said she is in love with Roger?"

"Perhaps I should have said the four of them are in 
love."

Doug looked at Ma now, wondering if it was all a giant 
practical joke.

"Ridiculous!"

"I agree.  It is sheer madness but I also think it is 
quite real if just as impractical."

Doug glared at me again.  I had wisely stayed quiet.

"Oh go on!  You can talk.  I'm not going to knock you 
around."

"Thank you."

"Don't bother thanking me.  I just don't see how 
throttling you and ending up in jail is going to make 
things better."

"That at least shows you're not incompetent dear."

"What?"  Doug looked at Ma.

"You aren't using violence to solve your problems - 
unlike Rosalee's father."

Doug could understand that but not why the topic seemed 
to have changed.  The mysteries of a woman's mind 
perhaps.

"So where do we go from here?"

"To bed I think and Rosalee will go off to school with 
Hailey in the morning.  After that I guess we take things 
one step at a time."

"I meant about Anna and Roger - and I suppose the 
others."

"I'd say the damage is well and truly done and we have to 
recognise the situation that exists.  That doesn't mean 
there are no rules - we've already discussed some of them 
and you and I can work out what we feel is appropriate.  
All three will have their own rooms but, provided their 
behaviour is satisfactory and precautions are taken, some 
visitation is to be permitted."

"I don't like it but I don't like Anna sneaking around 
either.  *YOU* had better look after them though.  I 
can't see how you can love three girls at the same time; 
having sex is easy but cheating on a girl normally means 
you don't love her."

"We don't cheat - we know and share our love."

"It's all rather sixties Doug.  I find that the best way 
to think about it when necessary - otherwise I try not to 
think about it at all.  And on that note I *WILL* go to 
bed."

We all got up.

"I am sorry things have gone weird and thank you for 
being the sane ones around the place today."

"But not sorry for starting this mess in the first 
place?"

"I can't be sorry for finding someone I can love who 
loves me back. I can't even feel bad about finding three 
someones.  I *AM* doing what I can not to add any more to 
the list."

"Well thank you for that at least Roger.  Goodnight and 
go to bed - your own! - you've got school tomorrow."

"I will."

---

I was only out of the shower and in bed for a quarter of 
an hour when I heard my phone buzzing in silent vibration 
mode.  It might not actually make the buzzing sound but 
hard plastic bouncing up and down on the top of the 
bedside cupboard created quite a local racket.

Since this number was not generally available I was on 
alert right away.

"Yes?"

"A heads up.  Your third is walking the streets in your 
direction with a couple of packs."

I thought quickly.  "She safe out there?"

"I'm watching.  It's not on the J.D. but I guess you 
aren't down as a marriage counsellor."

Hubby!

"It's under 'Other duties as required'.  Thanks for that.  
I guess it's better for me to meet her than to have her 
turn up and not be sure whether to wake everyone up."

Hubby gave me a street name and I hung up.  The call had 
gone on for too long; four seconds was usual.  I was sure 
to be capping a lot of flak sometime soon.

I dressed and slipped down the stairs and out the back 
door.  No-one was going to rob the house in the next 
twenty minutes and I really didn't want to give away all 
my secrets to Ma and Doug.

Hailey looked scared when I turned up but grabbed me when 
I asked "Hailey?  What are you doing out?"

"Don't *DO* that!  I though you were a rapist!  Why are 
you out here?"

"I was worried about you."  That was *VERY* honest yet 
said nothing.

"You were right to be.  Rosalee's parents decided I 
behaved too friendly when she found her diary.  There 
were apparently some other entries that didn't make sense 
to her parents until they thought in terms of Rosalee 
being with me or Anna.  I guess she wanted to be able to 
go back to the first moments she realised she loved us as 
well as you."

"Since you know about it they must have spoken to your 
parents."

"Not long after you dropped me off.  Then we had a very 
long talk.  My parents actually started out like Ma and 
so I decided I should be honest like you were, though not 
as explicit.  I did take it a little at a time and things 
seemed to be going okay.  I found out they realised any 
criticism on their part would stop my confession.  
Rosalee needn't feel she was stupid - I've got the 
monopoly on that tonight."

"Hey, there is nothing stupid about expecting your own 
parents to be loving enough to give you a fair hearing."

"Yeah well my loving parents have decided that I'm to 
have nothing more to do with any of you.  I'm to be sent 
to my Aunt's first thing in the morning and wasn't even 
going to be allowed to say goodbye.  I overheard them 
talking after I'd been sent to bed and they figure I've 
been brainwashed.  Then they are going to have me spend 
some time with a deprogrammer who normally works with 
people recovered from cults or else at one of those 
'tough love' boot camps.  They figure once I am in 
isolation at my Aunt's they can get some psychiatrist to 
work out which I need."

"So how did you get out?"

"Same way you've been misbehaving - through the window.  
I used my nailfile to punch a hole in the screen and then 
worked my way down the edge until I could tear out a big 
enough hole to get out."

"Enterprising!  What do you have in mind?"

"I was hoping you'd have an idea.  I can't very well stay 
with you and Anna.  Even if Ma would accept another 
refugee, I don't want them to get into trouble and you 
can be sure my parents will have the police around there 
as soon as they know I'm missing.  I know I don't want to 
go home again; my parents proved as bad as Rosalee's."

"Okay.  I've got an idea but I should speak to some 
people first.  Shall we get you settled then I'll do that 
and we might then see about disturbing Doug's beauty 
sleep."

"Who are these people?"

"I can't say right now.  If it's okay I'll try to 
explain."

We hastened through the night.  If Hailey's parents did 
discover she was missing they could drive over after her 
or call the police or both.  I needed to get the ball 
moving before either of those things happened.

Hailey was quiet - almost as quiet as me - as we snuck 
through the house.  Fortunately the stairs didn't creak 
and the hinge on my bedroom door didn't squeak.

"Try and rest.  You might need to stay awake later.  I'll 
be back soon and if anyone does come looking for you, you 
can climb out here and hide."

I showed Hailey how to manipulate the screen.

"The police might come looking so we'll start by hiding 
your things in with Rosalee's."

"You're not going to disturb her!"

"She's in with Anna."

"And her parents know?"

"Yeah."

Hailey slowly repeated herself.  "Anna's parents let them 
sleep together?  And mine want my brain fried.  You think 
I should forgive and forget?"

With a hug and a kiss, I left and Hailey changed into a 
simple singlet and boxers outfit - all she really had for 
night attire when she might have to move in a hurry.

I hadn't warned her not to move around but Hailey was in 
some need.  People went to the toilet during the night so 
it wouldn't be an unusual sound for the others to hear.  
Hailey knew that I used the closer bathroom so that's 
where she went but she wasn't expecting to confront Brent 
when she came out.

"You staying over too?  I thought it was just the other 
one."

Hailey just smiled and put her finger to her lips; other 
people *WERE* trying to sleep!

Brent watched her return to my room and must have thought 
how lucky I was.  I only wish I could have taken 
advantage of Hailey lying in my bed but I was busy.

I had to wake at least one important person up and to do 
that I needed to go through two levels of subordinates.  
Fortunately the first level - the Officer of the Watch 
for the want of an actual title - was Hubby and he and 
Jane had been sympathetic.

He would be able to connect me to the Project Leader who 
could authorise a change of exit plans to meet the new 
situation *BUT* he couldn't give me the permissions I 
needed for *MY* new plans.  I would not be getting back 
to Hailey any time soon.

Hubby picked me up and we eyed each other up close for 
the first time.  I wasn't really competition for him and 
I think he realised it.  At most I was the challenge Jane 
has suggested; one he had decided to accept to her 
benefit.

I could talk to my supervisor in the car as we drove 
around once Hubby called the number for me.  That number 
changed at least daily and I didn't have access to it 
except through the OOD or via a scramble number that I 
did know.  Misuse of that link was potentially fatal 
though and I couldn't justify even thinking about it in 
the current circumstances.

It took close to two hours for me to state my case - 
twice - and to have it deliberated.  The changed exit 
story wasn't too much trouble; much of the background 
material consisted of modifications to computer records 
and we were good at that.  An "actor" would have a 
different "script" or perhaps a different actor would be 
required and my salary would be a little less because of 
it.

I didn't care about that.  I didn't care that I would be 
placing myself in front of a Psych-Review panel.  People 
I loved were in trouble and I had a possible solution but 
before I could put it to *THEM* I had to explain it to 
some shadowy figures.  As I said, twice!

If there is an advantage to working for my employers it's 
that they appreciate replacement staff are not easy to 
find.  There are plenty of people who can be trained to 
be soldiers, capable of killing an enemy actively out to 
get them and a smaller number who can remain cool enough 
to take out a target on command as a member of a S.W.A.T. 
team when the public is threatened.

To find someone who can do my job, eradicating the vermin 
who manage to avoid the law before they can damage even 
more lives, while still remaining sane is not so easy.  I 
was one of many "recruited".  I was one of the very few 
selected.

If my solution had involved the removal of one or more of 
Rosalee's or Hailey's parents, my usefulness might well 
have been over.  But I didn't care too little for those 
around me, the question I would face was whether I cared 
too much.  I didn't believe so.

I didn't have to play the resignation card.  If I had 
suggested it I knew it would have been accepted.  In 
fact, when asked if I felt I could continue regardless of 
how matters were resolved, I answered with a clear "Yes".

That was just before I was asked to wait.  It took around 
an hour.  It felt far, far longer.

---

While I waited I asked Hubby what had happened about the 
surveillance I had requested.

"How come we didn't know about Hailey before she headed 
out onto the streets?"

Hubby had heard my repeated explanation.

"Rosalee's father must have called before we had his 
house covered.  We started the ball rolling straight away 
but we still needed to get people in place and that 
required an okay even though you were footing the bill.  
We were getting into position at Hailey's when we saw 
her.  That's when I called you."

"Oh.  Okay.  Thanks, really, thanks for everything."

"You're welcome."

---

My continued loyalty to my employers while I demonstrated 
my concern for my loved ones probably would work in my 
favour when my review occurred but I didn't think of that 
until later.  It certainly did help that night.

"Request approved!"

With restrictions and some modifications however.  That 
didn't matter.  I had managed to pass the first hurdle 
and, while it was not the highest one, I was optimistic 
about the rest.  Foolish I know, but I was young, and in 
love, and so sure of myself.

Hubby - now Ted - drove me home again.  We'd had plenty 
to talk about while we waited though much of it was to do 
with various resorts and what was good or not so good.

As I got out and thanked him, Ted shook my hand.  "If you 
ever run into me or the missus on holiday feel free to 
introduce yourself.  It would be a pleasure to meet you."

"Thanks Ted and pass on my regards."

It was unlikely we would meet and if we did we wouldn't 
recognise each other but it might be possible to meet for 
the first time - subject to wave offs.  I couldn't think 
of a nicer couple of oldies to spend time with other than 
Ma and Doug.

Ma and Doug!  Not the next hurdle but one I expected to 
require almost as much time convincing.  Oh well, Hailey 
was going to have to be my first challenge after I went 
inside.  That would at least give me some indication if I 
was crazy or not.

Hailey had managed somehow to fall asleep and she looked 
lovely in my bed.  I kissed her cheek and her eyes 
opened.

"Oh!"

"Sorry to surprise you."

"Not much else you could do in the circumstances.  How 
did things go?"

"I've got to own up to a few things.  I hope you don't 
get mad at me because a lot of it is out of my control 
and it's not safe to tell you everything."

Hailey snuggled into my arms as though to reassure me 
nothing I said could stop her loving me, or perhaps it 
was in the hopes that nothing I said *WOULD* stop her 
loving me.

The story I told her was the same I subsequently repeated 
to Anna and Rosalee and then to Anna's parents.

"Firstly my name isn't Roger Torrent, or rather it 
wasn't.  I can't tell you what it was so I'm staying 
Roger.  I've certainly been happier as Roger than I ever 
was before.

"I was placed here through something like Witness 
Protection and my past has to stay hidden.  It's not only 
for my safety but also for yours and everyone else who is 
around me.  I've spoken to the people who look out for me 
and explained what has happened to you and Rosalee.  I've 
got some problems too and between us we came up with a 
possible solution."

"What sort of problems?" 

I was touched that Hailey would be more worried about my 
possible plight before she considered the solution to her 
own.

"It turned out the people who are interested in me were 
distant associates of Adam Pringle, the guy whose house 
burned down on the weekend.  It wasn't obvious at the 
time and still isn't proven but there is some thought 
that his family's deaths were not accidental.  My problem 
is that those people I mentioned may feel the same way 
and if they start looking at who he's had dealings with 
someone may recognise me."

"What does that mean?"

"I mean it is no longer safe for me to stay here.  I'll 
have to go."

"No!  But I love you.  I don't want you to go."

"Neither do I but if I stay anyone around me is at risk 
too."

There were flaws in my story.  If I was recognised by 
mobsters Hailey and the others would be just as likely to 
suffer since the mobsters would see if they knew where I 
was hiding.  Whether they did or not, there would be no 
further witnesses.  I had to hope I could convince them 
that the risk to me would soon be over.

"I'd come with you!"

"Which was one option I considered but you might want to 
think about an alternative."

"Which is?"

"Anna's parents be made your legal guardians because of 
what your parents intend to do.  Rosalee might want to 
consider the same.  The people I spoke to can make this 
happen almost immediately."

"How?"

"You'd be made wards of the state and put into their 
foster care in place of me and then that would 
subsequently be converted to guardianship."

"Why would Anna's parents take us on?"

"Perhaps because you would want to go with me if they 
didn't."

"Well I do want to go with you so I still can't see how 
that would make them change their minds."

"If you want to leave with me, do you think Rosalee would 
feel strongly enough towards her parents to hold her back 
from wanting to the same?"

"I guess not."

"So we are left with Anna, torn between her parents and 
her three lovers.  If you were her parents would you feel 
she wouldn't go running off to join us even if she 
decided to stay right now?"

"But her parents *DO* love her."

"I agree.  That would mean Anna wouldn't want to break 
all ties but she might still feel she had to be with us 
more than living with her parents.  It would only be 
leaving the nest earlier than expected."

"Yeah.  They would worry and Anna would be just as likely 
to run away in those circumstances."

"So I want to try and convince Ma and Doug that looking 
after the three of you is a workable solution to keeping 
their family together."

"That might work but we'd still be without you."

"I know and I'd miss you - so much so that I'd have to 
come back as often as possible to see you."

"How often?"

"Ah, now comes the next confession.  I'm actually older 
than I said; only a couple of years.  With a cover job 
like a salesman I can roam around a little and call in 
fairly frequently.  I might need to spend a month away 
but then I'd have about a month here."

"Would Anna's parents let you stay?  Would it be *SAFE* 
for you to stay?"

"By then it would but I was thinking of getting a place 
of my own."

"How?  If you're staying here you won't be making many 
sales.  How will you live?"

"My father might not have been as respectable as I 
suggested though he was nothing like Adam Pringle.  His 
death did leave me, well, better off than I was when he 
was alive.  I'm not poor and in a couple of years I'll be 
able to go wherever I like without having to look over my 
shoulder.  I hoped I wouldn't travel alone."

"You're serious?"

"Yes.  Why shouldn't I be?"

"Well you've told me your name isn't Roger..."

"Wasn't.  I became Roger; right now I am Roger."

"Okay then you're what, 19 or 20?  Which does explain a 
bit since you are much more self-assured than some of the 
guys who *ARE* seventeen.  You are rolling in dough - 
which explains how you can afford to take us out to 
expensive dinners.  You are full of secrets - how do I 
know this isn't just one more story?  What *HAVE* you 
told me up until now that's been 100% true?"

"That I love you with all my heart." 

"Bastard!"

"Why??"

"Because that is the one thing I want to believe; that I 
have to believe - and you have to know it!"

"Hailey, I can't tell you everything about me.  Some 
things I don't want to talk about; some I can't without 
risking your life.  It isn't a game, or a joke.  I'd 
rather just walk away now than risk you getting hurt - 
and I don't mean your feelings.  I will be as straight as 
I can be though you might have to wait for some answers.  
But never doubt that I will always tell you my true 
feelings for you."

Hailey wasn't entirely happy with knowing I wasn't quite 
the person she had fallen for and yet I was.  I hadn't 
done anything (to her knowledge) that would be grounds 
for not loving me and it wasn't something she could turn 
off and on.  She was still in my arms and I was holding 
her just as lovingly as I'd always done.

I won't say that I won her over - the battle was all her 
own - but Hailey did kiss me.

"One day - the *TRUTH*"

"When I can, I promise."

"Before I'm sixty!"

"At least a week before."  I liked the idea of long term 
planning when it concerned someone like Hailey.

"That settled, I need to give Anna and Rosalee a similar 
heads up.  You can come if you want love but I really 
think it best if no-one knows that you are here."

"Er, actually, Anna's brother ran into me outside the 
bathroom."

"Oh well, in that case, you may as well come and add your 
two cents as well - but we have to be quiet."

Hand in hand, we tiptoed down the corridor.  I tried 
Anna's door and found it unlocked.  Anna expected her 
parents to respect her privacy without the need to snib 
it and I carefully crossed the floor in case they had 
moved down there rather than being squashed in the bed.

Parting the curtain I heard the door carefully close and 
I turned to see Rosalee's head resting on Anna's chest.  
Sleeping, they looked as attractive as Hailey had.  We 
both knelt beside the bed and I woke Anna.

"Mmm?  I was wondering if you'd turn up.  Huh?  Hello, 
love.  What are you doing here?"

"Some overflow from Rosalee's situation," I informed her.

"My parents want to kill the parts of my brain that make 
me love you and Rosy," Hailey elaborated.

Rosalee, disturbed by Anna's talking, picked up on the 
repeated use of her name.

"Oh, hello.  Is it morning already?"

"No.  Hailey has had to run away from home and I've got a 
few things you two need to hear."

"Now?"

"Hailey might have to disappear before morning and you 
will probably want to talk with her first."

"What about?"

We made ourselves comfortable.

---

"Did you know about Mr. Pringle before you became friends 
with his kids?"

Trust Anna to pick that up!

She was sitting up at one end of the bed with Rosalee 
resting back against her.  The covers didn't reach as far 
as their breasts with Hailey and I under the quilt at the 
other end.  Very disturbing to look at though Hailey in 
her underwear next to me was just as tantalising.

I answered Anna.  "Yes.  I guess it was risky going near 
the place.  I might have found out something useful but 
instead I have to go."

Anna repeated Hailey's earlier sentiment only a second 
before Rosalee.  "I don't want you to go!"

"I can't stay without endangering you but I can come back 
soon and I should be able to get a place of my own."

"No need to find secluded spots to relax."

"No climbing out windows," I teased.

"I kind of liked you climbing in mine," responded Anna.

"No reason he can't if it's his own place."

Anna had no problem being the incentive for her parents 
to take charge of her lovers.  She didn't want to just up 
and leave - not if she couldn't keep in touch and return 
easily - but she didn't want to be left behind.

Rosalee actually had been more inclined to stay with Anna 
if the alternative was to abandon her.  The incentive to 
complete high school at the top of her class was a 
temptation and one I was willing to encourage.  The girls 
would see no more of me if they were with me than they 
would here.  While I was working they would be alone.  
Here there would be other distractions and I hoped I 
would be greeted warmly on my return.

Absence can make the heart grow fonder but it can also 
make the eye look in other directions.

A three-way dynamic was likely to prove less stable than 
the four of us together.  It might change the *US* I had 
grown to appreciate but better to face those sorts of 
pressures when Ma was here to offer advice than when they 
were isolated together somewhere distant.

In just over a year they would graduate.  Then perhaps we 
could share our house while those who wished to continue 
their studies did so.  Again, the time to earn a degree 
or start a career would allow us all to mature so that 
when sixteen became twenty-one or -two and I retired, 
each woman that they became could make up her mind 
whether she was prepared to follow a sensibly hedonistic 
lifestyle as a world traveller knowing she had made her 
own way first.

I made the suggestion that I return to my room and allow 
the three of them to talk for a while but a quick 
discussion showed none felt it necessary.

Hailey had already dealt with my "dishonesty"; Rosalee 
was satisfied that I loved her and had only lied as part 
of my cover while Anna had already dealt with my secrets 
and believed my interest in the Pringles had meant I 
couldn't avoid sex with Kyra - essentially true - and 
that, like Kyra herself, it was now a dead issue.

"We need to talk though," she warned, "about Stephanies."

I nodded.  "And Stephens."

"Tomorrow though.  You won't be going that soon will 
you?"

"I'll have a couple of days, I think."  Would I?  Would 
it be worst to wait around or would I be deserting them 
as they needed to adjust to their new lives?" 

"You two get back to bed.  If there is a police raid 
we'll stall them so ignore anything you hear."

"Thanks Anna."  Hailey crawled across the bed - and three 
pairs of legs - to kiss Anna and Rosalee goodnight.

Knowing Anna could and would prove creative as required 
was comforting.  I stood and gave them my goodnight 
kisses as well before heading for the curtain.

"Leave it," said Anna.

I looked at her and she grinned.

"We're wide awake and not likely to get back to sleep 
immediately - you've given us plenty to discuss."

"Well keep your discussions quiet!"

"You sleep well too."

"I will."  I intended exactly that.

*********************************************************
