Day 242

Jack was surprised when it took the Master two days to order him dragged out of his cell. He’d expected the retribution to be swifter.

He got another surprise when he was taken to the control room. He’d expected to be fucked to death, in a bad way. Of course a little bloodletting would be thrown in. Okay, a lot of bloodletting would be thrown in.

Instead he was hauled out of the lift and greeted by the Master from his position on the upper level. It was what the Time Lord stood next to that brought Jack up short. It was a rough-hewn wooden cross. The only adornment was the block of wood intended to support the feet of the victim. Jack’s mouth went dry, his blood ran cold and his knees grew weak. There could only be one possible victim destined for the cross.

This was a form of torture and execution singular only to Earth. Jack knew about the science of crucifixion, the truth about how it was done and how it was fatal. This was going to be Jack’s worst death ever.

“So you want to be a martyr, Jack?” The Master yelled at him from across the room. “You’re willing to die for the Doctor’s cause. How noble.” Jack watched the Master caress the wood of the cross. “I’ve decided to give you a martyr’s death, then.”

The guards dragged Jack toward the looming cross. For the first time in a long time Jack decided he wasn’t going to go. The worst was already going to happen, and he’d be damned if he was going to go quietly to the slaughter. Jack dug his heels into the slick floor for leverage to push and pull against the men that were dragging him across the floor. Jack was strong and desperate but there were more of them and they began to get him across the room. He was only marginally aware of the faces of the onlookers as they watched his struggles in horror. Their shouts and cries of protest at his treatment drowned out his own.

The Master yelled to be heard over the chaos that had erupted in the room. More guards moved into get him under control. “These primitive people still believe in deities! Can you believe that, Jack? They have their main religions with lots of little splinter groups. Can you believe three of those religions make it a habit to try to annihilate one another when they’re all rooted in the same belief system? They’re monotheists who share the same God and yet they hate one another. They have a religious text in common and they hate each other. These are the ignorant people you have chosen to love and protect and live amongst. Fine. I wouldn’t have thought you’d develop a messiah complex.”

Jack was forced to his knees as the Master made sure he was listening before he continued his tirade. “Have you read about this form of execution, Jack? Barbaric. One of their ancient societies used this form to make an example of slaves and criminals. So, I’m making an example of you. Here, in front of all your little friends. They get to see what can happen to them if they continue to defy me.”

The guards yanked him back to his feet, and hauled Jack up the stairs. He struggled with everything he had still inside. Somewhere in the room he heard the Jones women cry out shrilly, several of the other women wept in distress and many of the other guards and spectators in the room also voiced their discomfort with events as they unfolded. A guard finally clamped down on Jack’s throat from behind and the world went black.

When Jack awoke, he lay on the floor on his back. He glanced down at his body and saw he had been stripped and what resembled a loincloth had been wrapped around his hips. Dread crept up Jack’s spine as he realized how far the Master was taking this.

Jack was jerked up to stand again and several hands held him still. Another set of guards lowered the cross to the floor. The moment had arrived and Jack’s fear and rage fueled his renewed struggles. They were ready for him this time, and someone choked him until he was limp but aware.

Several strong hands gripped parts of Jack’s body painfully. He was lifted and carried to the cross. They laid him down and he felt the roughness of the wood pressing into his naked back. Jack tried to rouse himself to struggle, but he was held down and pinned to the cross. With each moment Jack grew more lucid and stronger, but his arms were still pressed into the wood. Jack panicked. He struck out with his hands and arms and kicked out with his legs but there were just too many of them and they were just too strong.

The pitch of the crowd noise rose as Jack fought. They cheered for him, encouraged him, at the same time they jeered and swore at the Master and the guards.

The Master stood at the head of the cross and looked down at Jack’s supine form. “I can’t wait to see how this works. I’ve been fascinated by this since I read about it,” he told Jack with a gleeful smile. “And the best thing is if I get it wrong the first time I still have a chance to do it again and get it right!”

The Master stepped over to Jack’s left wrist and produced an over-sized iron nail and a rubber mallet. He knelt down and rested the tip of a nail against the blue-veined inside of Jack’s wrist and brought the mallet down with a great deal of force.

Jack screamed and battled back fiercely. His captors still managed to hold him in place and he felt the iron nail slide through flesh and between bone when the Master brought the mallet down a second time. Jack heard chaos break out on the lower level. Sounds of struggles and swearing and impassioned pleadings and protests reached his ears as his own screams faded.

“The key here is to drive the nails through the wrist,” the Master explained to Jack over the din of the room. “Contrary to popular religious imagery, the hands cannot support the weight of the body once the cross is lifted.” Jack almost didn’t hear the words over his own renewed screams and those of the crowd. As the nail made its way out the other side of his wrist and into the wood his screams subsided to raw groans through gritted teeth. Jack heard Francine Jones swear a blue streak and spit epithets at the Master that would have made him proud if he weren’t being nailed to a cross. He’d try to remember to tease her about her dirty mouth next time they were alone.

“You sick fucking bastard!” Jack yelled so as not to be outdone by Francine. “You’re a sadistic fuck! No one in their right mind would enjoy this!”

“I’m a Time Lord, Jack,” the Master stood over Jack and looked down at him with disdain. “Humans are so far beneath me, you are nothing but my playthings.”

The Master knelt at Jack’s right hand and impaled his wrist with another iron nail. In between his screams of agony he heard the sounds of renewed struggle on the lower level. Jack could make out the shouts of those still trying to come to his aid as they were beaten back by the Master’s storm troopers.

Jack knew his own screams were exciting to the Master. He knew the more his pain was put on display, the more aroused the Time Lord became. The pain was just too much to bite back the sounds of his torment. A wave of nausea hit Jack like a freight train as pain washed over him again and again. By the time the nail embedded itself into the wood Jack’s chest was heaving with every breath. He could hear himself wheeze and groan each time he dragged air into his lungs and forced it back out again.

“Almost done, Jack,” the Master announced as he knelt at Jack’s feet. As the guards continued to pin him down the Master drove his third nail into Jack’s crossed ankles.

Jack’s voice was hoarse from his screams and yet they were still being torn from his throat. “I’m going to fucking kill you,” he heard himself say as his legs were secured to the cross.

“Lovely. Simply lovely,” the Master said as he surveyed his work.

As Jack’s screams quieted, he heard the sobs and shouts in the room below. Several people still screamed and others now yelled but they all swore as they paid witness to Jack’s crucifixion. Most of the voices were feminine, and Jack supposed the Jones ladies continued to violently protest his treatment. He hoped they didn’t protest too much or the Master might turn his wrath on them.

“Hoist him up,” the Master ordered and the guards obeyed. Jack felt the cross lift up and he braced himself against the fresh pain.

When the cross was vertical and its heavy round base stabilized, everyone fled the upper level except the Master. He stood before Jack and looked up at him with a wide smile on his face.

“Messianic imagery suits you, Jack,” the Time Lord said. He ran his hands over Jack’s belly and down his thighs.

As soon as the cross was upright Jack felt the pressure on his chest. His own body weight dragged him down and tore at his shoulders. He needed to ease the pressure on his chest so he extended his knees but a gasp tore from his lips as pain shot through his damaged ankles. Still, the need to breathe easily was great and Jack pressed against the spike in his ankles again until he rose up enough to take a full, unimpeded breath.

“Oh, shut up!” Jack heard the Master shout as he spun around to face the room’s occupants. “It’s not like he’s going to die. Well, not permanently anyway.”

The screaming in the room quieted down until it was a dull roar punctuated by soft sobs. Pain radiated up Jack’s extremities. His head lolled against his chest and he tried to ignore the pain. Any attempt he made to ease the pain in his chest and wrists would cause shooting pains in his ankles as he put pressure on the bones nailed to the cross.

“You did this to your precious Captain,” Jack heard the Master address the room. “I had nothing to do with it. You lot sucked him into your insubordinate plans. He let himself be killed to your benefit. You,” the Master pointed at the room, “martyred him.” Jack felt the Master’s hand on his bare thigh again.

“Doctor!” the Master shouted and gestured back toward Jack’s tortured body. “Do you see your precious Captain Jack? Do you see what happens to those you convince to stir up trouble?”

Jack tried to lift his head in search of the Doctor. He was too damn tired. With great effort he raked his eyes over the occupants of the room and managed a glimpse of the Doctor. Jack wasn’t sure what he expected but the detached, emotionless expression the Doctor wore hadn’t been it.

Jack had a fleeting thought that the Doctor could care less about his condition. He had no doubt that even after this spectacle the Doctor would still send the Jones ladies to recruit Jack to their cause yet again, knowing full well what the consequences would be.

……………………………………………………………

Jack didn’t know how long he’d been hanging from the cross. Truth be told, he didn’t give a shit. He’d rather know how much longer he was going to be left here.

The pain was just too much to endure for an extended period and Jack’s mind drifted. Memories and fantasies flashed rapidly behind his eyelids and eventually ran together.

Owen and Ianto sniping at one another as if neither really liked the other.

Tosh joyously hacking someone’s pride and joy computer security network.

Gwen flirting over the telephone with one of her police contacts.

Dancing with Rose on top of the Chula Ship with Big Ben in the background.

Seeing Gwen and Owen sneaking off deep into the hub for a shag.

Catching sight of Tosh and Ianto sitting quietly at her desk sharing a coffee and a confidence. 

Jack roused after a time, but he wasn’t sure how long he’d drifted for. The pain was worse now. His arms and legs throbbed and his chest was painfully restricted. It hurt to draw the smallest breath. He could hear the Master as he talked and laughed loudly, amused with himself. He raised his head and saw the Time Lord sat at the long table with a sumptuous feast laid out before him. Lucy sat across from him, her expression vacant. Several of the young women the Master surrounded himself with were also at the table. Jack caught sight of the Doctor, pushed to the table in his wheelchair. His expression was as vacant as Lucy’s. The only one who talked or laughed was the Master.

His mind took Jack away again, and images played in his mind.

Rose and Ianto sitting on the divan in the Hub, each favoring him with an impish grin.

Crawling through the TARDIS, constantly amazed at its power and complexity.

Weevil hunting.

Suzie and Gwen sitting side by side in the conference room while he briefed them all on a mission.

Ianto writhing beneath him. Ianto laying curled up against him warm, sated and at peace. Jack running his fingers though the sleeping man’s hair as he watched him sleep.

Jack was awakened by the Master. He opened his eyes reluctantly and saw that the Time Lord stood before him, running the palm of one hand down Jack’s belly in an obscene caress. Francine and Tish were in the background clearing away the remnants of the Master’s meal. Jack’s breathing was labored now. It felt as though his shoulders were dislocating and that his hands were being ripped from his arms at the wrist. He felt the Master’s hands slide from his belly, down over his hips and along his thighs.

“Time to resume the entertainment,” the Time Lord announced and produced a long-bladed knife. “I thought the crown of thorns trite, so I skipped it. You’re still missing one feature to complete your portrait.”

Jack was by no means thinking clearly. He gasped sharply when the Master thrust the knife into his right side. It was sharp for a moment, but soon this new pain blended in with all the rest. Jack welcomed death. He welcomed the respite. His only mistake was in assuming he’d be down from the cross when he woke up.

Jack’s first returning gasp was excruciating. Usually it was just a combination of relief and surprise; his body relieved to be alive again and his brain surprised that it wasn’t dead any longer. Then again, he usually had a complete chest cavity for his lungs to expand into. This time he was nailed to a cross.

The more aware he became of his surroundings, the more aware he became of the pain coursing through his entire body. His wrists hurt like a motherfucker where they supported the majority of his body weight, the spikes still driven through flesh and between bones. Jack forgot for a moment that a thick nail was driven through both ankles and into the wooden cross behind him until he tried to alleviate the strain on his wrists by standing up. The more Jack struggled to find a way to ease his breathing, the more ways he learned his body could hurt.

As soon as he could draw a deep enough breath Jack screamed. His body tried to convulse, only to feel as though it were being torn apart by the spikes securing him to the thick wooden beams. He threw his head back as far as the top of the cross would allow.

Jack’s screams subsided to shallow, agonized sobs. When his eyes focused, he saw Tish Jones at the foot of the stairs below him. She lay in a crumpled heap, her father’s arms wrapped tightly around her body as it shook with her sobs. She clung to him fiercely while Francine knelt behind her.

His breathing was shallow and labored now. For all that he was alive again, his predicament had prevented him from healing. Even if he had healed properly, the fact that he was still crucified would have caused the same damage all over again.

The Master sat at the conference table, eating something from the slender fingers of one of the anonymous young woman he surrounded himself with. When he heard Jack’s scream, he unceremoniously dumped the woman from her perch on his lap. “Jaaaack!” the Master drew his name out as he approached the stairs. “Welcome back!” He dragged a hand over Tish’s head as he passed the huddled family and the young woman flinched away. The Master fairly leaped up the steps until he stood before Jack.

“You were gone for quite a while that time. The ladies tell me you aren’t usually away from us for that long. I think they had hoped you were finally out of my reach permanently,” the Master said as he circled Jack’s cross. “You and I both know that’s not a possibility, is it?”

Jack’s every breath was labored, and his every exhalation ended in a groan. His pride was in shreds and he never considered hiding his pain and distress. Endure. All he had left to do was to endure.

The Master came to stand before Jack, placed a possessive hand on his hip and looked up at him. “The Doctor pleaded for you while you were dead, Jack. He said my issues were between him and me only.”

Jack glared at the Time Lord from beneath his lowered brow but said nothing. He could barely get enough air into his lungs to sustain himself, let alone to speak angry words.

The Master’s hand on Jack’s hip tightened almost painfully. “He has no idea how much of a pain in the arse you were to me the eighteen months before I became Prime Minister.” As evil as the Master looked to Jack most of the time, the expression he wore now was in an entirely different league. “I should have been able to raid Torchwood’s archives and get my hands on him long before I did, but you, Captain Harkness, got there before me.”

Jack had no idea what the Master was going on about. His brain was fogged with pain.

“You and your damn Doctor-friendly Torchwood Three. Your insidious secret purging of London’s information on him,” the Master said in a low voice. “Your arrogant, uncooperative isolation of Cardiff from London. I knew from the first moment I saw the grainy photograph of the mysterious, enigmatic Captain Jack just who was working against me. I have my own issues with you, Jack. Just so you and I are clear.” Jack watched as the Master pulled a dagger from the pocket of his suit jacket.

One of the Master’s storm troopers came to kneel on all fours in front of Jack. The Master stepped up and stood on the man’s back as if he were nothing more than a step stool. Jack watched as the Time Lord stretched his arms expansively in an exaggerated motion of preparing to write. When the Master leaned in toward Jack with the dagger in hand, Jack realized he was the paper.

Jack’s constricted chest prevented him from drawing sufficient breath to cry out. His small, painful breaths could only manage the smallest of groans and whimpers, punctuated by his sobs. The Master caressed his hand over Jack’s chest. Jack heard him sigh just before he began to carve along Jack’s upper chest. The Time Lord seemed oblivious to the sounds he elicited from his victim.

The Master carved a single word across the expanse of Jack’s upper chest. He took his time to form the large, block letters that trickled blood down Jack’s belly.

The Time Lord pulled back to admire his handy work.

MARTYR

The murmur in the room had grown as the Master leaned into begin his carving on Jack’s lower chest. Jack could see the members of the Jones family were on their feet now and were staring daggers at the Master’s back, but guards still prevented anyone from rendering him any aid. It was for the best that no one could reach him. He didn’t want their intervention to earn them punishment. He would live through this, no matter how painful was. He was forced to groan his way through the second word as it was cut deeply into his flesh.

FREAK

Jack looked up and saw where the Doctor watched the proceedings from his wheelchair across the room. His ancient eyes looked sad, defeated. Jack thought he even saw pity and regret but he couldn’t be sure. He didn’t really think the Doctor was capable of either of those emotions. All Jack really knew was that he was here because of the Doctor. He’d died for the Doctor and his cause, been resurrected for all eternity because of the Doctor only to be left behind by the Doctor. Now Jack had just learned that his torture, his misery, his abuse were a direct result of the actions he’d taken trying to get answers from the Doctor.

The Master had finished his next carving on Jack’s upper abdomen and the blood from his wounds soaked into his loincloth.

FILTHY

The last one was the worst as it was on Jack’s lower abdomen, just above his groin. The Master finished his carving and stepped down and back to view Jack’s entire carved up form.

WHORE

Jack was barely getting air into his lungs now. He closed his eyes and did what he could to try to relax. He let himself drift and blocked out the sights and sounds around him. He needed a comforting thought quickly. Ianto. He grabbed onto a memory of Ianto’s face.

Ianto followed Jack through the corridors of the hospital as they searched for the room that held the supposed victim of a Weevil attack. Ianto wore that dark suit, with the tone on tone shirt and tie combo that managed to be both professional and menacing at the same time. He’d looked hot that night. The way he played good cop to Jack’s bad cop was sexy as hell. He brought out that dry, sardonic wit during their little chat with the guy and that just ratcheted up his hot factor. 

Jack couldn’t even make it back to the SUV before he climbed all over Ianto. He pushed him up against the passenger door and kissed him. Hard. They were grinding against one another in earnest almost immediately. Not only did Ianto not put up any resistance, ever, but most times Jack suspected he was subtly enticing him. 

Jack didn’t mind Ianto’s kind of enticement at all. In fact he really liked it. 

He really missed it.

Jack floated in a fog. He came across a nearly forgotten memory of a time he had tracked Ianto down in the Hub.

It was late at night. The team had gone home and Ianto really should have, too.

Jack suspected that Ianto frequently hung around just waiting for Jack to give into his own hormones and obsessions. In spite of his best intentions, if Ianto stayed around long enough, Jack would invariably have an erection from remembering, thinking about or watching him on CCTV. Once he was hard, nothing would do except seeking the young man out and satisfying both of them. 

“Jack,” he heard his name called and felt a sharp slap on his face. “Jack, I’m not done with you, I suggest you wake up.” Another slap fell on his cheek. Jack pulled himself back to consciousness in much the same way he pulled himself back to consciousness.

“Let’s review, Jack,” the Master said. “Getting yourself tortured and killed by participating in the Doctor’s mutinous plans makes you a what?”

“Martyr,” Jack whispered.

“That’s right, Captain. Does the Doctor give a damn about you and the way you suffer for him?”

“No.”

“Right again. Who am I, Jack?”

Jack let his head hang down to his chest and tried to act as though he’d passed out again. He felt and heard the slap across his face.

“Stay with me, Captain. Who am I?”

Realizing he had no choice but to answer, Jack whispered, “Master.”

“That’s right. Now, before I draw the curtain on this show, let’s get another thing straight,” the Master said. “The next time you let the Doctor talk you into anything foolish, I’m going to bring one of your little team up here to join you in your next martyr’s death.” He leaned in closer. “And remember, they don’t have your messianic abilities.”

Before Jack could absorb that information, the Master sank his little dagger into Jack’s right side.

Blissful darkness followed.

………………………………………..

Jack came back to life somewhere in the lower corridors of the Valiant. He took a deep breath, blessedly deep and free of pain, and opened his eyes to see the lights move quickly by above him. Jack thrashed in an attempt to get his bearings.

“Don’t struggle, Captain.” He heard Francine’s voice from somewhere above his head. “We almost have you back to your cell, just relax.”

As Jack’s awareness continued to return, he realized he was being carried by several sets of hands. The more his vision cleared, the guards’ faces came into focus above him. They surrounded him on all sides, their hands strong but gentle as they supported his weight through the dim hallways.

“You’re fine, you’re okay now. We’re almost there, just stay calm,” Francine continued to call from somewhere behind him.

Jack heard a door open and feet scrabbling around them, and then the guards gently lowered him to the floor. He expected the coldness of the concrete against his skin and was surprised to find something made from a soft material had been laid down. Tish’s distressed face appeared above him and she tried to smile reassuringly. He felt her hand run softly through his hair.

After they had laid Jack down they quietly retreated. He heard Francine speak to them, thanking them for their speed and their kindness. He heard her accept something from one of them with gratitude.

“You just lay there and relax, Captain,” Francine said. “You’ve been through a hell of a lot and we’re going to take good care of you.”

“It’s not necessary,” Jack said, trying to rise.

“Now stop it, Jack,” Francine scolded. “You’re sticky with your own blood. You’ve spent a day nailed to a cross being taunted by that monster. You’ve earned the right to lay back and let us clean you up.”

Tish took one of his hands and began to clean up the traces of blood. The warm water was soothing and pleasant so Jack decided to give into their ministrations for a little while. He felt Francine begin to work on his feet.

“You’re not used to having anyone take care of you, are you, Jack?” Francine asked as she cleaned her way up his legs.

“Not really,” Jack answered, closing his eyes against the glare of the lights above. “How did you get me down?”

“The guards were ready with the tools. They prepared when they realized what the Master had planned for you,” she said. “As soon as he left the room they all moved to lay the cross down and pull the spikes out. They didn’t wait for you to come around; they just scooped you up and brought you here.”

Jack made a non-committal sound but he felt a deep sense of gratitude.

“They had the water and your clothes ready and waiting when we got here,” Tish said as she wiped at Jack’s torso where the carvings had been. “They’ve given you another fresh vest.”

“Thank them for me,” Jack said.

“I think they got your clothes cleaned up a little, too,” she added.

“I appreciate that.”

There was a long pause before Tish continued, “They would have destroyed that cross, but the Master specifically ordered it be saved and stored.”

“Oh, I’m sure he intends to use it again,” Jack said ruefully.

They lapsed into silence again as the women continued to clean him up. Jack opened his eyes slightly and glanced at one of his hands a little reluctantly. He had nothing to worry about -- the wounds in his wrists had healed. He really shouldn’t be surprised. That was how it worked, after all.

“I think that’s good enough,” Jack said as he tried to sit up, only to be lightly restrained by Francine’s hand on his chest.

“Haven’t you ever had anyone to take care of you?” she asked incredulously. “No one to clean you up after a battle? No one to make sure you eat? Isn’t there anyone for you to talk to after a hard day? No one that listens to you?”

Jack remained silent, afraid to say anything. It was irrational, but he was almost afraid that talking about it would take it away.

“You can’t tell me you do your own washing, Captain,” Francine said. Jack could hear the smile in her voice.

Jack laughed softly, acknowledging the truth, “No, you’re right,” he paused again. “Ianto does those things for me.”

“I thought so,” she replied.

“Alright,” Francine said. “Let’s get you dressed.” The ladies stood him up and helped him slide into his clothing. “You sit tight and we’ll send the guards in. They won’t hurry so you can relax a little.”

Jack pressed a kiss to each of their foreheads. “Thank you again,” he whispered before they left him alone.

…………………………………………………….

Jack trembled in his bonds. It was once again ship’s night, and he was alone with his thoughts. He almost couldn’t believe what he’d endured today. Had any of them had any idea how truly insane the Master was? Had the Doctor known before he’d brought Martha into harm’s way? If they hadn’t known before, they surely knew it now. Who in their right mind would gleefully crucify another person?

Most men in power feared getting their hands dirty and would delegate the actual cruelty to a weak-minded subordinate. Jack had watched the Master drive the iron stakes into his hands and feet himself. Jack had watched as the Master had personally carved crude designs into his body. It wasn’t even that the Master did these things himself because there was no one else to do them. The Master enjoyed it. He received pleasure from it. Jack used to torture people as a part of his job. He always had a reason and a goal. He had never liked it. He’d never enjoyed it. He’d been good at it, but it had never brought him pleasure.

Jack was suddenly very scared.

…………………………………………………….

Day 253

Tish entered Jack’s cell with a barely contained smile and she nearly danced across the floor to stand before him. “There’s news, Captain. For some reason the Master executed an extensive transfer of guards from various facilities.”

“I thought I saw some new faces,” Jack commented between spoonfuls of bland food.

“We’ve had an influx of staff from the planet-side labor camps. They hear things; they hear rumors and stories we don’t get up here.”

“He’s so close to launching all of the rockets. Why would he suddenly shift all of his staff around?” Jack was puzzled.

“No one is sure. He might be worried about all the rumors surrounding Martha’s movements,” Tish speculated. “Still, some of your new guards used to be assigned to the labor camp your team is in. Some of their former guards are yours now. Some of yours are now theirs.”

Jack supposed the Master would be very annoyed if he’d known the small measure of comfort he had unwittingly given all of his prisoners with the staff changes and all the new information it had brought with it. “What’s the latest news on Martha?”

“She’s still alive. She’s making contact with every resistance cell she can find. She infiltrates the labor camps. She’s given them some sort of instructions,” Tish whispered. “Something is brewing. Something’s coming.”

“Good. That’s good, Tish!” Jack said.

“Your team is a handful, I’ve heard,” she nearly giggled. “Gwen fights everything all the time. She screams and yells and threatens and rallies the other two to fight back at every turn.”

“Sounds like Gwen,” Jack said with a small smile. “She’s not getting them hurt, is she?”

“It seems not. They’re just constantly stirring up trouble, making certain lives miserable,” Tish reassured him. “Toshiko? Is that right?” He nodded. “She’s using anything she can get her hands on to rig things that mess with everything computerized or electrical. They’re amazed at what she can use to make working components that do some amazing damage.”

“She’s bloody brilliant, my beautiful Tosh,” Jack said. “What about Ianto?”

“There’ve been a few times some new guards have gotten a little over zealous in their handling of the ladies and your Ianto has put them in their places.” For some reason this delighted Tish. “He’s particularly protective of Toshiko and the way I hear it they work on her projects together more often than not.”

“Yeah, he’s more than just a pretty face,” Jack said. “And he and Tosh have been close friends for months now.”

“Rumors have trickled down about the man who can’t die held captive on the Valiant, and they’re sure it’s you. They’ve begun a campaign to escape and rescue you.”

“Oh, no, no, no,” Jack moaned. “Can someone get word to them not to worry about me? They need to keep themselves safe and alive.”

“I don’t think they’ll listen, Captain,” Tish said as she began to clean up. “They have it in their heads that if they get free, they can spring you and the four of you can save the entire world, just like always.”

Jack could only shake his head and grin. He truly loved his team.

…………………………………………………….

Day 254

The Master stormed into the room and Jack stood to remove his clothing. The isomorphic lock was engaged and he knelt down on the carpeting, locked his fingers behind his neck and waited.

“Jack,” the Master enthused. “Are you aware of the type of ‘museums’ these humans have?”

Jack remained kneeling, naked and silent.

“Museums of the Holocaust. Museums of Tolerance. Museums of Torture. They celebrate their barbarity,” the Master laughed. “It’s a toy box down there, Jack.”

Jack could imagine. He was familiar with his own race’s history and there were many devices and techniques he himself had employed that had originated right here on Earth.

The Master picked something up and brought it to where Jack knelt. “This little item,” he said, admiring the object. “It’s based on the design of what your little people call the ‘pear’.”

Jack had not heard of it. The Master held it down into Jack’s eye line and he had to admit it did, in fact, resemble an elongated metal pear with a semi-sharp protrusion on the end.

“Originally, this had three purposes. I’ve added some modifications of my own, but I only have one use for it.”

Jack waited for the explanation.

“I could use this in your mouth, but it’s your other orifice that I really want to experiment with,” the Master said, moving to the chest at the foot of the bed. He drew out a handful of restraints.

Leather and chains landed in a heap between Jack’s spread thighs. A wide leather posture collar was roughly fastened around his neck, forcing his chin upward, parallel to the floor.

“Stand up for me, Jack,” the Master said.

Jack’s stomach churned. His arms were pulled tightly behind his back and pressed together at the wrists. He felt the leather manacles slide over his hands then secure together tightly at the small of his back.

The Master massaged Jack’s cock and balls roughly, painfully. He gathered them up in one hand and tugged, sending a sick, slithering sensation into Jack’s gut in anticipation of the pain that never came. Instead, a wide leather band was wrapped around his sack and the base of his cock forcing them together and restricting his blood flow. A heavy metal ring adorned the leather and fell against Jack’s flaccid penis.

A sharp, loud smack landed on one of Jack’s bare arse cheeks, and he jumped slightly, startled at the sound and the sting. “Kneel up on the bed,” the Master ordered, and Jack obeyed. His movements were stilted and awkward since the mobility of his neck was reduced and his arms were secured tightly behind him.

The Master reached around Jack’s body and fastened a thin but sturdy chain to the ring in Jack’s posture collar. He yanked on the chain and threw Jack off balance so that he tipped forward suddenly. The Master continued to tug at Jack’s collar until he folded himself over enough that the other end of the chain could be fastened to the ring of the strap around his genitals.

Jack found himself kneeling on the Master’s bed, bent over at the waist, his throat connected to his groin by leather and metal. His arse was on display, naked and vulnerable, and he had no way to keep himself from falling face down into the bed if he lost his balance.

“Now comes the fun part,” the Master said.

Jack felt the familiar coldness of lube being drizzled in the cleft of his arse. A rough hand smoothed it over him, a finger sliding into his body. A second finger slid in, and twisted inside him.

The fingers withdrew and Jack felt cold metal pressing against his opening. Jack knew it was the Master’s pear. The small protrusion made its way inside of Jack then was followed by the wider part of the thick base. Jack had had thicker cocks up his arse, but they were flesh, not metal. This wide metal object pressed coldly into his body and Jack tipped forward into the mattress as he tried to pull away from the intrusion.

Reflexively, Jack tried to catch his own forward momentum only to feel the sharp tug on his cock and balls when he tried to straighten himself out.

“Come on, Jack,” the Master said as he continued to press the pear into Jack’s body. “You’ve taken bigger. You have to have taken bigger.” The wide bulge of the device was deep inside of Jack now. “Let’s see just how big you like them, shall we?”

The Master manipulated something on the handle end of the pear and Jack felt himself being widened from inside.

“I left this function manual, Jack,” the Master informed him as the sense that the pear was growing inside of him increased. “I just fancy the idea of cranking something open inside of you until you’re as wide open as I can get you.”

Jack gave in and rested his forehead on the bed. His breathing had picked up pace and he had begun to groan at the increasing discomfort. It was rapidly becoming full-fledged pain.

“The more interesting features I went ahead and made controllable with my laser screw driver,” the Master said conversationally. “We’ll get to those shortly. Right now I want to open you up.”

Jack trembled with the pain as the Master continued to crank open the pear. Jack felt all of the sharp protrusions pressing into the sides of his body. The multiple sections of the pear continued to separate from one another and Jack groaned loudly at the sharp poking and the dull throbbing as his body was stretched.

“See, Jack,” the Master laughed from behind him. “I knew I’d be able to get you wide open.”

Jack’s groans bordered on sobs now. He continued to press his face into the bed, trying not to twitch and jerk in pain and increase his discomfort by jerking on the restraints around his cock and balls. The wider the Master cranked open the pear, the worse the pain became. He felt as though the device was going to split him apart, tear at his insides and turn his guts inside out. Jack trembled as the pear pressed his opening wider and wider. His thighs quivered in pain and fatigue. Jack’s screams began when the sharper ends tore into his flesh.

“I think that should just about do it,” Jack heard the Master say. “Now for some of the fun features.”

Jack breathed deeply, hoping the pain would subside when he began to feel the heat building in the pear where it was buried inside of him. He heard the dull, vibrating hum of the Master’s laser screwdriver as it manipulated the pear’s controls. His groans resumed and his thighs continued to tremble as the heat continued to grow. It became searing, burning into Jack’s inner flesh. He could smell himself burn. His entire lower body felt like it was on fire. Jack began to scream again, ignoring the pain in his genitals as he tried to jerk his head upward. All was secondary to the fire in his belly.

“If you like that, Jack, you’ll love this,” the Master said with enthusiasm. The tone of the hum from the laser screwdriver changed slightly and Jack was treated to electrical shocks on top of the searing heat. He had lost control of his body. He was convulsing and screaming and the pain in both his belly and his groin was unbearable. Jack realized the pain on the inside far outweighed the pain in his cock and balls so he thrashed against his restraints. He had to get away from the object shoved up inside of his body. It didn’t matter that he was tearing the leather bonds from around his own ball sack, tearing skin and drawing blood as he went. Jack didn’t care. He had to get away from the painful stretch, searing heat and electrical shocks.

As Jack crawled away from the torment buried inside of his own body, the Master climbed up on top of him and pinned him to the mattress. “I don’t know where you think you’re going.” The torque on his restrained arms joined the list of torments now as the Time Lord sat down on Jack’s body. “Don’t make me have to crucify you again to make you behave!”

Try as he might, Jack couldn’t cease his struggles. There was too much pain. It was too intense, too overwhelming. Jack’s brain was forcing his body to move away from it, regardless of what he knew would be the consequences.

“Oh come on, Jack,” the Master shouted angrily. “I thought we were past this.”

Jack felt a hand press hard between his shoulders and force him further into the mattress. He wasn’t sure how the Master managed it, but he reached back between Jack’s thighs and began to crank the pear into expanding once again. Jack struggled, but it got him nowhere. He was finally stretched to the point of tearing.

He knew he was about to slip into a welcome death when he felt himself getting weak. He was bleeding internally. His body had been ripped open on the inside and he was bleeding, bleeding to death, and he couldn’t wait. He hoped this death lasted a good long time because he didn’t want a repeat of this any time soon.

…………………………………………………….

Jack gasped his way back to life and immediately felt the pain when his body clenched around the pear still inserted inside him. The heat and electrical shocks were gone, probably because the Master was gone and had taken the laser screwdriver with him. His arms had been released so he could reach behind and figure out how to collapse the pear so it could be withdrawn.

When it slid free of his body Jack threw it across the room with all his strength and heard the very satisfying clanking of metal parts separating from one another and scattering. He tore the manacles free and tossed them aside. Finally, he removed the posture collar and sent it flying with the chain and cock ring still attached.

Jack was so entirely sick of this shit. They all really had to stop playing at escaping and figure out a way to get the fuck out of here and stop the Master for good.

…………………………………………………….

Day 260

Jack made it to the door of the TARDIS this time before the damn Toclafane finally got to him. He had just about figured out how to get past them and through them, but they finally caught him. Even so, he figured out what he’d done wrong at the last moment.

When he awoke this time, it was to see the guards doing a half-assed patch job on the wall of his cell so they could reset the rings his chains were secured to. Here Jack had been thinking he was such a strong guy, that he’d been ripping his chains right out of the wall, only to find out the guards had been rigging it up this way the entire time.

Suddenly it all clicked into place for Jack. All of the failed escape attempts, all of the failed plans to defeat the Master -- they had been scouting expeditions. They had been reconnaissance missions. Why hadn’t Jack, career soldier and warrior, seen this before? Each time they failed, they learned something new. One of them learned some small, significant fact that they added to their knowledge base and used the next time. Yes, they were distracting the Master so he didn’t focus all of his energies on locating Martha. Yes, they disrupted his focus on his plans for destroying Earth long enough to distract him and slow his progress. Through it all, they learned.

The Doctor had a plan. The Doctor always had a plan. It wasn’t always immediately decipherable, but it would always be for the greater good. Jack had forgotten for a time those lessons he’d learned from the Doctor about selflessness and sacrifice. He hoped his extended pity party hadn’t slowed the progress of the information-gathering. If it had, it was water under the bridge. He was on board one hundred percent now, though. Whatever they needed him to do.

He knew full well he might cost the lives of Gwen, Ianto and Toshiko. He couldn’t let that stop him. The Doctor’s plan was to save the planet and anyone still alive down there. His team would never forgive him for putting them above humanity. If their lives meant the eventual overthrow of the Master, they would give them. They would ask only that Jack do anything and everything he could to see it actually happened.

Jack was smiling when the new guards chained him back up. For the first time in 260 days, Jack thought he had a reason to go on.