The College Exam
by Humilatron 

Natalie Norman waited, ready for her required on campus exam. Ever since her university reopened after the pandemic, all residential students were required to take their physicals at designated time slots in the campus clinic.

Because of the new regulations, the clinic was expanded to be bigger and the waiting room was much bigger to accommodate for space. Some people were examined in actual rooms whereas others would be examined in a sectioned off area of the waiting room. As Natalie waited, she was a bit nervous. She wasn’t sure which place she would get examined in and she was panicking. The other part she was worried about is because there were so many people getting examined, all doctors were on call and that meant additional help was needed to make exams go faster. The solution was to have graduate students perform exams. Natalie really hoped she would be examined by an actual doctor and not some grad student she would most likely see again around campus.

Natalie had pleaded with her parents to just take online courses, but her mom said it would be good to experience social life again and her dad was away and agreed with her mom. Natalie’s leg shook as she watched the clock, the time slowly passing by as she waited. “Natalie Norman,” a woman called out.

Natalie looked up to see a woman in scrubs at the door. Natalie took a deep breath and stood up. “Yes, that’s me,” Natalie said.

“Do you have your student ID?” the woman asked.

“Yes,” Natalie said as she showed the woman her campus ID.

“Very good, right this way,” the woman said as she led Natalie to an area at the end of the waiting room.

“What’s going on?” Natalie asked, her heart racing. “Why are we stopping here?”

“I need to take your vitals,” the woman said as she opened a curtain and gestured to the tools all lined up.

There was a scale, blood pressure machine, a height measurer, a thermometer, and a heart monitor. “Oh okay,” Natalie said, trying to relax her breathing.

“Please take your shoes off,” the woman said.

Natalie nodded as she slipped her shoes off. She then stepped on the scale and waited for the digitized numbers. “165 lbs.” the woman said as she noted her chart.

Natalie stood against the wall as the woman measured her height. “5 feet 5 ½ inches.”

“Alright let’s take your blood pressure. Try to relax.”

Natalie sat down as the machine did its thing. “Blood pressure is a bit high.”

Natalie blushed as the woman lowered her shirt a little and put the heart monitor stuff onto her chest. “Heart rate is a bit fast. Please try to relax.”

Natalie blushed even more and squirmed as she tried to relax her breathing. “Alright temperature,” the woman said.

Natalie opened her mouth. “It’s not that kind of thermometer, sweetie,” the woman said. “Please lower your pants and undies so I can take your temperature.”

“Excuse me?” Natalie said. “Why?”

“This is what we have at this station,” the woman said. “Drop your pants please so we can do this.”

Natalie paled as she looked at those sitting in the waiting room who all turned their heads to look. Natalie’s body shook as she saw both men and women staring right at her. “C-can we close the curtain?” Natalie asked.

The woman said as she moved the curtain. “Now pull your pants and undies down and bend over. Spread those butt cheeks nice and wide for me.”

Natalie reluctantly turned around and lowered her pants and underwear down to the ground. She then bent over and spread her butt cheeks. “Hey, Dani, Dr. Kent wants to see you,” a male voice said as Natalie heard the curtain fly wide open.

“Oh, okay, David. I was about to take Natalie’s temperature. Can you do it for me?” Natalie heard the woman say.

“Oh, yeah sure,” David said.

Natalie’s face burned as she imagined them staring at her with her butthole on display. But as they swapped places, Natalie didn’t hear the curtain close and realized she was also still in the waiting room. She started to turn her head but instead felt a big finger as David rubbed the lube around Natalie’s puckering anus.

Natalie could hear snickers and chuckles as the thermometer was inserted into her butt. Natalie wanted to turn around to see, but David held her still, forcing her to stay bent over as everyone looked at her. She really wished she hadn’t cut her hair as her short brown bob did nothing to give her any modesty. She then felt the thermometer get removed and while she was still bent over, she felt David reach down and pull her underwear up.

She heard the loudest bursts of laughs as her underwear which was decorated with the college mascot, a cute little penguin, waved at the crowd behind her. Natalie couldn’t believe it as David then pulled her pants up and said. “Okay, let’s go over to the exam area. Kristen Levy will be performing your exam.”

“K-kristen Levy? The cheerleader captain?” Natalie paled.

“Yes, she’s a graduate student studying medicine,” David said. “And she’s covering your exam.”

“C-can’t I get a real doctor?” Natalie said.

“We already had your vitals done. We can’t just move you over, it's against regulation, besides Kristen’s great,” David said as he brought Natalie over to the other side of the waiting room where there was a small little curtain that sectioned off the waiting room. “Okay, Kristen, you have your next patient.”

“Great,” Kristen smiled as she looked over at Natalie. “Oh, you’re Natalie Norman right? Your brother and I were in the same class, isn’t that funny? I’ll have to tell him you were my patient. He’ll love it.”

Natalie’s face paled. The last thing she wanted was someone who knew her family members to be examining her, but Kristen pulled her over as she closed the curtain. She blushed as Kristen grabbed a hold of her pants and yanked them down. Kristen paused as she observed Natalie’s underwear. “Those are cute,” Kristen said. “I didn’t know students actually wore those. I thought they were for little kids. But if you like them, have at it.”

Natalie’s face burned as Kristen grabbed a hold of her underwear and pulled them down. Natalie felt seriously subconscious as Kristen stared right at her crotch. Natalie squirmed as Kristen smiled, she couldn’t read Kristen’s intentions at all as she grabbed a hold of her shirt and pulled it up. “Aw you have a matching bra. Is that… no way, you wear a training bra? That’s so cute,” Kristen said.

“It’s not a training bra,” Natalie blushed as she looked down at her chest.

“Oh, that’s definitely a training bra, sweetie,” Kristen said. “Look at these little things. I didn’t know they made them so small. They’re like mosquito bites.”

“T-They’re not that small,” Natalie argued.

Kristen rolled her eyes as she pulled the bra off leaving Natalie naked from head to toe, pants and underwear at her ankles. “Okay, Natalie, step out of these,” Kristen said.

Natalie obeyed as she felt even more naked as Kristen took her pants and underwear which also had her ID. “Up onto the exam table,” Kristen said, “Put your feet in the stirrups.”

Natalie obeyed and noticed the stirrups were set a bit wider than normal. She thought about saying something, but Kristen gave her a look and she knew it was better to hurry up. She laid down on the exam table and put her feet up. She realized then that the stirrups were also closer to her body which meant her legs were spread wide open and in the air leaving her lower half completely exposed and spreading open.

Kristen moved Natalie’s wrists above her head and Natalie felt her wrists get secured above her head, rendering them useless. “Hey, what are you doing?” Natalie asked.

“I’m going to examine you,” Kristen said. “Oh and I just need to get one thing.”

Natalie watched as Kristen turned away and reached for the curtain. Her eyes widened. “No no no, wait,” Natalie tried to say, but it was too late as Kristen whisked the curtain wide open and walked away.

Natalie’s eyes bulged out of her sockets as she saw every eye in the waiting room turn to her. There was nothing she could do except lay there as she heard people laughing and saw people pointing. She laid naked and spread apart, unable to cover herself while Kristen did who knows what. Eventually Kristen came back holding a clipboard with a bunch of papers, but she left the curtain wide open while she sat next to Natalie, leaving her completely exposed. “I’m going to ask you a bunch of questions, Natalie. Please answer as honestly and as best as you can.”

Natalie reluctantly nodded. “O-okay, but can you close the curtain?” Natalie whimpered.

Kristen seemed to ignore her as she read the first question. “Have you ever had sexual intercourse?”

“No, but-“

“Have you ever performed anal or oral sex?”

“No, but-“

“Have you ever obtained an STI?”

“No-“

“Have you ever wet the bed over 18?”

“N-no, definitely not!”

“Please be honest.”

“I am!”

“I’ll mark maybe.”

“P-please I never.”

“Have you ever wet your pants?”

“No!”

“Definitely marking yes with that answer. Have you ever orgasmed?”

“N-no.”

“Have you ever masturbated?”

“U-um, yeah.”

“That’s a no. Have you ever kissed anyone outside of family.”

“No…”

“Have you ever dreamed of kissing a classmate?”

“N-no.”

“Another yes. Have you ever played a sport?”

“No.”

“Have you ever had COVID, SARS, swine flu, salmonella, or mono?”

“No.”

“Have you ever smoked?”

“No.”

“Have you ever drank alcohol?”

“Yes.”

“Have you ever purchased alcohol?”

“No.”

“Have you ever smoked weed or any other drug?”

“No.”

“Have you ever had pubic hair?”

“Y-yeah.”

“Definitely not. When was your first menstruation cycle?”

“When I was 9.”

“When was your last menstruation cycle?”

“2 weeks ago.”

“Have you ever used a vibrator or other adult sex toy?”

“No.”

Natalie squirmed as Kristen smiled mischievously as she reached over and put on latex gloves making them snap as she did. “Okay, Natalie. It’s time for us to get physical now.”

“P-please, the curtain,” Natalie pleaded.

Kristen thought about it and then grinned. “Oh you’re right, Natalie,” Kristen said as she walked over to the curtain. “We should remove this so that we can get more light.”

Natalie whimpered as Kristen pulled the curtain down and folded it up leaving nothing to hide Natalie as everyone watched. Then Kristen sat back down and moved over.

Natalie squirmed as Kristen spread her lips further apart and used her fingers to feel the folds of Natalie’s labia as she stared right at her. Just then a really hot guy came over. “Hey, babe,” he said. “What are you doing?”

“I told you, I’m helping out with the clinic,” Kristen said as she kissed the guy. “This is Natalie. Natalie, this is James, my boyfriend.”

Natalie squirmed as the guy smiled and sat down next to Kristen. “So what should we do tonight when you’re done with your shift?” James asked.

“Oh I know what I’d want to do,” Kristen winked as she pulled out a speculum and carefully inserted it inside. Natalie felt her lips open even wider as she laid there. Kristen gave her a quick pap smear and then said. “Hey, can you dry her with that towel over there, she’s a bit damp.”

Natalie looked horrified as James took a small thin little cloth and wiped inside. Natalie could feel James’s fingers through the towel and her face glowed red. “Hey, it’s not working,” James said. “I think she’s getting more wet, is she peeing?”

Kristen looked at Natalie and glared. “No, definitely not peeing,” Kristen said.

“Wait is she turned on?” James asked. “I couldn’t tell I’m not used to bodies like hers I guess.”

“What do you mean by that, babe?” Kristen asked as she pulled the speculum out carefully.

“Well, small,” James said. “Underdeveloped I guess.”

Natalie wanted to die as this hot guy described her in the most humiliating way. Kristen kissed James again before she resumed her exam with Natalie. “Alright, Natalie. I need to check your rectum now. Flip over and stick your butt in the air,” Kristen said as she undid the straps around Natalie’s wrists. “Hey, James can you go get the lubricant? It's on the other side of the waiting room.”

“Sure,” he said.

As he left, Kristen turned to Natalie and whispered. “Get ready for everyone to see your little butthole, Natalie. I heard they already saw some of it before when you were getting your temp checked. That was hilarious. Everyone could see you when David opened the curtain. Did you know that?”

Natalie let out a whimper as Kristen turned her over onto her stomach and raised her butt in the air. “Please,” Natalie cried. “Don’t do this.”

“You know what, actually, stand up,” Kristen said.

Natalie reluctantly obeyed as Kristen pulled her over away from the exam area and closer to the other people waiting. Kristen forced Natalie to bend over, spreading her legs apart as she bent lower and lower. “No, please,” Natalie begged. “Everyone can see.”

“That’s right they can,” Kristen said. “And you’re going to stay still while I do this. Thanks James.”

“You’re welcome,” James said as he handed Kristen the lubricant.

Natalie whimpered as she felt a finger insert into her anus. Kristen walked around so that Natalie could see her despite feeling a finger up her butt. Natalie looked confused for a moment and then her eyes widened as she realized the finger was much bigger than Kristen’s dainty little fingers. She gasped as she looked to see James standing behind her, finger up her butt. She then felt a cold finger push against her clit, rubbing her. She looked to see Kristen on her knees, gloved finger touching her intimate areas. She even felt Kristen touching her chest with an ungloved hand as her fingers rubbed against her nipples. She squirmed as she became more and more aroused, but then she felt the fingers get removed unable to get any satisfaction.

“Alright, Natalie. You’re all done. Now you can leave,” Kristen said as she pushed her through the waiting room, naked.

“B-but my clothes!”

“Hey look at that,” Kristen grinned, ignoring Natalie’s cry. “You made the patient of the day board.”

Kristen pointed as Natalie’s jaw dropped seeing her images hanging on a board in the middle of the waiting room. An image of her bent over with a thermometer, an image of her butt cheeks spread apart anus fully visible, an image of her spread open with the speculum, an image of her naked head to toe uncovered, and a final image of her bent all the way over with everything on display.

“No,” Natalie cried. “No please take those down. This can’t be allowed. Those are… private! My privates!”

“That everyone is going to see,” Kristen giggled. “Because lucky for you, all images of the patient of the day gets posted onto the campus website. So everyone will be able to see these. Why else do you think we have some of our exams in the waiting room? It’s so that we can have some entertainment for the others. We only ever examine one patient per day in the public eyes. And today that was you, Natalie. And everyone is going to see you naked and so very exposed. Of course, you’re the only one on campus that will have images like these posted. You’re going to be so popular, Natalie. Everyone is going to know exactly who you are.”

Kristen grabbed hold of Natalie and shoved her out of the clinic, naked. Natalie squealed as she saw crowds of people all looking right at her as she ran desperately covering her body not that it mattered as she ran for her dorm. Unfortunately for Natalie, Kristen still had her ID which meant despite her jog, she still didn’t have access to her room and everyone was going to see her. All the boys. All the girls. And she would be lucky if it only stayed a college secret.