 
                 --===Warmth of a Touch, Chapter 2===--
 
Chapter 2
 
 
 
    Martin managed to drag himself back to his dorm room Sunday
evening. Just as he opened the door, the phone rang. He left the door
open to answer it.
 
    "Hello?... Hey, Mom... I'm fine, Mom..." At this point,
Martin saw Sarah standing in the doorway. He motioned for her to come
in and close the door. "...Mom...Mo-...MOM!" Martin finally had to
raise his voice to his mother, just to get her attention. "Mom, I'm
fine. I've been studying this weekend with a friend... No, Mom.
Geez, you'd think I'd been out getting laid all weekend the way you're
acting... Yes, Mom, I'm fine. Really... Okay, Mom. Love you, too.
Bye." As Martin hung up the phone, he slumped down into his chair.
 
    He looked up as Sarah said, "So, where *have* you been,
Marty?"
 
    "Out getting laid," he replied deadpan. He didn't see any
point in hiding it from her, and this really was the way they
communicated: direct and to the point.
 
    "For two days?" Sarah asked incredulously.
 
    As a response, Martin just looked at her with a raised
eyebrow. Sarah sat back on the couch.
 
    "Wow. Who was the lucky girl? Or was it a harem?" Martin
didn't notice the twinkle of interest in her eyes. "Wait a minute.
The last time I saw you, you were going over to study with... You
didn't... Marty?" Sarah couldn't even ask the question.
 
    "Let's just say the Ice Queen thawed out a little." Martin
grinned stupidly.
 
    "Well, that's one way to raise your grades. Two days,
huh? I hope she gives you an 'A' for that." Sarah smiled at him.
 
    "Actually, we got quite a bit of studying done, too. I
actually understand the first half of the semester, now. She said we'd
get together to go over the rest sometime this week."
 
    Sarah said, "I see. Well, you look like you could use some
rest. I'll see you tomorrow, lover-boy." Sarah sailed out of the room
and closed the door.
 
    Martin realized she was right; he was exhausted. Without
undressing, or even turning off the light, he flopped down on the bed
and fell fast asleep.
 
 
 
...---=== http://ericstorm.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
 
 
    When Martin awoke the next morning, two things were
immediately obvious to him. The first was that he had slept wrong,
because his back was killing him. The second was that he really needed
to change his clothes. He'd been wearing them for two days, and now
one night, and they really needed cleaning.
 
    What took a few more seconds to penetrate his consciousness
was the time. *Oh, shit! I'm late!* Martin hurried himself along,
realizing he *had* to take a shower and change. He was going to miss
History for sure, but that was no big deal, he had an 'A' in that
class. He didn't want to be late for Calculus.
 
    As usually happens on mornings when one is in a hurry,
everything that could go wrong for Martin, did. First, he had to wait
five minutes for a free shower. Once past that, he got a knot in his
shoelace that took another several minutes to unravel. He spent too
much time searching for his Calculus book before he realized that it
was still in his damned book bag. By now, he knew he was late for
Calculus class as well, and he only hoped that Lianna, *Dr. Preston*,
wouldn't rip him a new asshole for it.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    Martin tried to sneak quietly into class, but the only seat
he could find available was in the front row. He moved quietly to it,
but Dr. Preston took that moment to turn away from the whiteboard she
was writing on.
 
    "Ah, Mr. Gallagher, how nice of you to join us, finally."
Martin noticed the waver in her voice on "Mister", but hoped no one
else had. "Since you have finally decided to show up, I can tell you
that I need to see you in my office after class." The rest of the
class *ooh*ed appreciatively.
 
    "Yes, ma'am," Martin said as he sat down in his chair.
*Well, I guess we're back to normal now.*
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    After class, Martin followed Lianna down to her office.
Before she closed the door, she said, "Please have a seat, Mr.
Gallagher." As Martin sat down, she closed the door. Then the other
Lianna appeared.
 
    She rushed to his side and knelt beside him. "Master, I
hope I didn't offend you during class. You hadn't given me
instructions on how to behave around others, and I didn't know what
else to do..." Though Martin was startled by her sudden change, he
could see the near-panic in her eyes. He placed his hand on her
shoulder to quiet her down.
 
    "It's okay, Lianna. I understand what you were doing, and
you did a very good job of hiding our relationship. We can't let
anyone else know about what we're doing, or you could lose your job."
 
    "I would gladly give up my job for you, Master." Lianna
bowed her head in total submission to him.
 
    "That won't be necessary, Lianna. Now, what was it you
wanted to see me about? Or was that it?"
 
    When Lianna looked up at him, she had a new look in her
eyes. It was that same look she'd had the first time, Friday evening.
It was the look of pure lust.
 
    "I need you inside of me, Master. I missed you last
night." Lianna had moved in front of him, and was running her hands up
and down his chest. Martin could tell she was already fully aroused.
 
    Martin was not totally surprised, but was uncertain about
doing it in her office. "What if someone comes in, Lianna?"
 
    "I locked the door, Master. No one will disturb us.
Please. I need you inside of me, if only for a moment."
 
    "Okay, Lianna. You may... do as you wish."
 
    With that, Lianna lunged for his pants. She quickly
unbuttoned and unzipped them, but she took her time extracting his cock
out the slit of his briefs. He was almost fully hard, but she sucked
him into her mouth anyway, giving him a full erection, not to mention a
really great feeling. She only kept at it for a minute, though,
because she really needed him inside her.
 
    Lianna stood up. Martin expected her to pull off her
panties from beneath her skirt, but she simply raised her skirt to show
him that she wasn't, in fact, wearing any panties. The sight before
him was beautiful; her pussy juices were already dripping down her leg
Martin reached out and pulled her to him, pulling her down into his
lap. His cock was now nestled in her pussy hair, and she ground her
hips against him, sending shivers up his dick.
 
    Lianna raised herself up, and positioned Martin's rod at
her hole. As she sank down onto his prick, her lips sought and found
his. Their lips immediately parted, and their tongues intertwined.
They could both feel the intense warmth passing between them again. It
was a feeling Lianna had missed and craved ever since Martin's
departure the previous night. She also could feel the voice in her
head, reinforcing the commands to her brain. <<*Give in. Submit.
OBEY.>>* At this point, she had no resistance left, and accepted the
commands willingly. She now belonged to Martin Gallagher. She knew
it. She cherished it.
 
    Lianna set a furious pace for their coupling. She slammed
up and down onto Martin's rod hard and fast, grunting and groaning into
his mouth as they continued kissing. For Martin's part, there wasn't a
whole lot he could do, but he did thrust back up into her while his
hands roamed and fondled her body.
 
    Lianna very quickly reached her peak, and she slammed down
onto his cock one last time as her body froze in orgasm, her lips still
pressed to Martin's. Her pussy muscles clamped down on his dick, and
he could feel them ripple along his shaft. Lianna screamed into his
mouth, and then she relaxed into his embrace.
 
    It was several seconds before Lianna realized that Martin's
cock inside her was still fully erect. "Master, you didn't come! I'm
sorry! Let me suck you off. Please?"
 
    Martin was in no condition to object. "Okay, Lianna. That
would be nice."
 
    Lianna lifted her skirt carefully as she moved off of him.
She could see his cock glistening with her juices, and licked her
lips. She had not yet told Martin that she had had several lesbian
relationships while she was in college. She wondered how he would
react to that, and she worried he might find it unacceptable behavior.
 
    She knelt before him and took his hard cock into her hand.
She licked around the head of it for a few moments before pulling it
into her mouth. She sucked on the head of his dick, feeling it enlarge
as the blood rushed to it. Her one hand moved along the length of his
shaft, as her other fondled and caressed his balls.
 
    Martin couldn't take very much of this. It wasn't very
long before he spurted his cum into her mouth. She continued to suck
until every last drop had oozed from his dick. She swallowed the cum
in her mouth, and then licked the remaining drops off the head. Before
releasing his dick from her grasp, she licked and cleaned its entire
length, cleaning all of her juices off him. By the time she was
finished, his cock was as clean as she could make it. It wasn't until
then that she noticed the wet spot on his jeans.
 
    "I'm sorry about the spot, Master."
 
    He looked down and saw it for the first time. "That's
okay, it was worth it." She beamed up at him.
 
    "But how will you get back to the dorm without anyone
noticing?"
 
    "I'll just wrap my sweater around my waist. Besides, it's
a short walk."
 
    They kissed again for a while before he adjusted his
clothing and left for his dorm, to change for the second time that day.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    Sarah caught up with Martin at lunch that day. "Hey,
Marty," she said in greeting, "How was class this morning?"
 
    "Well, I sort of missed History, 'cause I overslept. Calc
was okay. After Calc was even better," he said in a conspiratorial
voice.
 
    "What do you mean... Not *again*?" she asked in awe.
 
    "Yes, again. She's very enthusiastic." Martin grinned.
"There is just one thing that bothers me, though."
 
    "Oh? What's that?"
 
    "She likes to play this role-playing game, a master-slave
thing."
 
    "You don't like being a slave?" Sarah kidded.
 
    "I'm supposed to be the master, duh. But she seems to take
it so seriously. She apologized for acting normally toward me in class
today." Martin didn't understand the strange look on Sarah's face.
 
    *So, it has finally emerged.* Quickly, she brightened and
said, "She's probably just the type that needs that sort of thing. I
wouldn't let it bother me, if I were you. I'd..." Sarah quickly broke
off conversation as she saw Peter and Jennifer walking toward them.
She nodded in their direction, and Martin saw them, as well.
 
    "Hi, guys," Peter greeted them warmly. "Whatcha talkin'
'bout?"
 
    "Oh, nothing special," Sarah quickly answered. "Martin was
just asking me to the mid-winter dance next month." Sarah didn't dare
look at Martin, who was now staring wide-eyed at her, and wondering if
she was kidding.
 
    "Oh? I haven't heard of that one," said Peter. "Is that
during the semester?"
 
    "Yeah, right after the semester starts. Just to get
everyone re-acquainted after vacation. Now I have to buy a dress over
break, though." She very quickly flashed a smile in Martin's
direction, who still did not have the ability to speak.
 
    "Well, cool. I guess Jen and I will probably go, too.
Right, Jen?" He looked to her for confirmation, and got a nod.
"Anyway, Marty, I got bad news, and I got good news."
 
    Martin finally found his voice. "Oh? What now?"
 
    "Well, I just found out that my parents are sending me to
Hawaii for Christmas. The problem is the flight leaves a couple days
early, so I won't be able to take you to the airport."
 
    "So what's the *good* news?" Martin asked.
 
    "Jen's parents are willing to put you up for a couple days,
and then take you to the airport. I'll drive you both up there on
Saturday, and drop you off at her house."
 
    "You really don't mind, Jen?" Martin asked. Though Martin
didn't much care for the way she treated Peter, he didn't really have
anything against her. He considered her, if not a friend, at least a
friendly acquaintance.
 
    "Nah. We won't actually see much of each other. I'll work
over the break, so I'll be gone all day. We've got an extra bedroom,
so it's really not a problem. You'll have to stay with us for a couple
days when you get back, too. That's not a problem, is it?"
 
    "No, not if it's okay with you and your parents. Thank
you."
 
    "No problem."
 
    "Well, I just wanted to let you know, Marty. Jen and I are
gonna go play some pool. See ya later." With that, they walked off.
 
    Sarah said, "I thought you were trying to break those two
up."
 
    Martin had something else on his mind. "Don't try to
change the subject, Sarah. Just exactly *when* did I ask you to this
dance?"
 
    "Oh, sure, Martin, I'd love to go to the mid-winter dance
with you. Thanks for asking!" She smiled at him. Getting serious for
a moment, she asked, "What's the matter? You don't want to go with
me?" She faked a pout.
 
    "That's not it, Sarah, and you know it!" he retorted.
"It's just... well... aw, hell." He didn't see any way of saying that
he was completely shocked that she had any interest in him. Changing
the subject, he said, "Well, I've got lab this afternoon, so I'd better
get moving. Thanks for the company."
 
    "Yeah. See you at dinner?" she asked.
 
    "It's a date," he replied without thinking. Realizing what
he'd just said, and what had just transpired, he stopped and turned to
her, his face blushing mildly. She just laughed.
 
 
 
...---=== http://ericstorm.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
 
 
    The next two weeks of school were Martin's best of the
semester. Not only was he gaining a better understanding of Calculus,
and through that able to do better in his other classes as well, but
because of Lianna's continuing attentions, Martin was also the most
relaxed he'd ever been since coming to NMSS. The night before his
finals, rather than cramming in study time, Martin simply visited
Lianna for a little relaxation. It reflected in his tests the next day.
 
    School policy said that grades had to be complete and ready
before the students left for the Christmas break, which meant they
received their grades the Friday before going home. Martin had been
dreading this day, but knew that, because of Lianna's help, he probably
hadn't done quite so bad. He read down his list of grades:
 
 
 


  
_Subject_
     
_Grade_
     
_Exam Grade_
   
  
HIST 141 (Amer. History to 1865)
     
A
     
93
   
  
MATH 141 (Calculus I)
     
C
     
81
   
  
CHEM 121 (Chemistry I)
     
B
     
88
   
  
CHEM 121L (Chemistry I Lab)
     
A
     
--
   
  
ENGL 111 (Comp. and Rhet.)
     
A
     
95
   
  
CS 121 (Computer Prog. I)
     
A
     
86
   


 
 
    "All right!" exclaimed Martin quietly. He hadn't expected
to do anywhere near this well. Some of his grades had been borderline,
but apparently the last two weeks had made enough of a difference. He
knew that the final exam counted for a significant portion of his grade
in most of his classes. He was glad he'd managed to pull off a good
semester. A 3.35 GPA was far better than he'd expected to achieve. He
owed it to Lianna, of course. He'd have to think of a special way to
thank her when he got back.
 
    But right now, he had to pack. He was leaving with Peter
and Jen tomorrow morning, so he wanted to get everything ready. He'd
had enough of getting up early for a while.
 
 
 
...---=== http://ericstorm.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
 
 
    The ride to Albuquerque the next day was long and
uneventful. NMSS was in Rio Lobos, which was a four-hour drive from
Albuquerque. The ride was soothing, and Peter and Jen chatted while
Martin dozed in the back seat. He'd seen the scenery before: the brown
rock of the mountains, the greenery of Northern New Mexico. Yes, it
was pretty, but they were only trees. He much preferred his sleep.
 
    They arrived in Albuquerque after lunch, and nearly got
lost trying to follow Jennifer's directions. Martin chuckled to
himself quietly, but said nothing. Finally, after another half-hour of
being lost, they pulled into her driveway. Peter popped the trunk as
the others got out of the car. The door of the house opened to reveal
a woman in her early forties, and still fairly attractive with long,
black hair, a heart-shaped face, and a very nice figure. Martin
assumed this was Jennifer's mother. Behind her was a teenage girl.
Assuming this was Jennifer's sister, Martin paid her little attention.
He went to the back of the car to get his bag. Out of politeness, he
retrieved Jen's suitcase, as well.
 
    Coming around the car to where the others stood, Martin set
down the suitcase while he waited for all the hugging to be done.
Eventually, Jennifer remembered her manners.
 
    "Mom, this is Martin Gallagher. Marty, this is my mother,
Katherine Sarento."
 
    "Hi, Marty," said Katie Sarento, holding out her hand.
 
    "Hello, Mrs. Sarento." Martin automatically took her hand
to shake, and suddenly, he felt the warmth again. *Uh-oh.* He
released the grip quickly, and it went away. He was glad to see that
it didn't seem to have any effect on Mrs. Sarento.
 
    Though it had not been visible, Katie Sarento had been
touched by the warmth. Her initial impression of Martin was that he
was someone to be watched closely around her daughters. After the
handshake, she felt as though she could trust him with anything. Nor
did she question why she had changed her mind so suddenly.
 
    "Well, I've got to get going," said Pete. He gave Jennifer
a perfunctory hug, and forewent the kiss, in view of the fact that her
mother was standing there. Good-byes were exchanged, and Pete got in
his car and pulled away.
 
    "Why don't we go on inside? It's cold out here. Monica,
could you please take Jen's bag to her room, and show Marty his? I
want to talk to Jennifer for a little while."
 
    "Sure, Mom," said Monica, as Katie Sarento led Jennifer
into the house. "C'mon, Marty. I think Jen's in trouble, so we don't
want to be anywhere near those two." They both reached for Jennifer's
suitcase at the same time, and, inevitably, their hands touched.
 
    Martin felt the warmth pouring from his hand. He now knew
that it seemed to happen any time he touched a female. He'd touched
several guys over the last couple weeks, with no effect. Martin still
had not, however, pieced together the connection between the warmth and
Lianna's behavior.
 
    For Monica's part, for that brief moment when their hands
met, the cold December afternoon felt like a summer's day. Her body
was flushed with warmth, which sought out and concentrated in her
pleasure centers. She really enjoyed the feeling, and was disappointed
that it faded when Martin removed his hand.
 
    "I can get that, if you want," said Martin, referring to
the suitcase.
 
    "No, that's okay. It's not that heavy. But can you get
the door, please?"
 
    "Sure." Martin held open the door for her, and then
followed her inside.
 
    The inside of the Sarento home was very tastefully
decorated. It was a house that obviously was well cared for. It was
neat and orderly, and the furniture was comfortable, but not
luxurious. It was done in neutral grays and light blues, and gave a
very soothing appearance.
 
    Monica led him down a hall, setting Jen's bag down just
inside one doorway, and then leading Martin further down that hall to
another room.
 
    "This will be your room," she said. Rather than leaving
him to unpack, she lingered at the doorway. Martin noticed. With a
look, he asked her what she wanted.
 
    "Mom and Jen are gonna be busy for a while. Wanna talk?"
 
    "Okay," Martin said agreeably. Have a seat."
 
    Monica sat down on the bed as close to him as she could
get, given that he was putting clothes away. "So, what are you
majoring in at college?"
 
    "Well, right now I'm just taking courses in general
physics, but I'm thinking about going into Atmospheric Physics."
Seeing the look on her face, he explained, "Meteorology."
 
    "Oh. Weather stuff. Is that really interesting?"
 
    "Well, it is for me. Most people don't think so, though."
 
    "Oh. So, are you like, Jen's boyfriend or something?"
 
    Martin almost laughed at her, but decided it would be
impolite. He did chuckle, though. "No, not quite. Pete is her
boyfriend." 

    "So, how come you're staying here, and he isn't?"
 
    "He was supposed to take me to the airport on Monday, but
his flight leaves today. His parents are sending him to Hawaii."
 
    "Oh." Monica didn't have any idea why she was asking so
many questions of him. Normally, she would hardly be interested in a
guy three years older than she was, but for some reason she felt
irresistibly drawn to him. They continued to chat for a while, until
Katie Sarento interrupted them.
 
    "Hey, you two. Martin, you like Italian?"
 
    "Yes, ma'am," replied Martin enthusiastically.
 
    Mrs. Sarento smiled. "Great! We'll go to Antonio's then.
We'll go around seven, if that's okay." When Martin nodded, she said,
"Monica, you might want to see how your sister's doing."
 
    "Okay, Mom. See ya later, Marty." Monica stood up to
leave, and as she did, her hand brushed against his bare arm. They
both felt the warmth, and Monica shivered slightly as she left the room.
 
    "Everything okay, Mrs. Sarento?" Martin asked.
 
    "Yeah, just a little chat about grades. How did you do
this semester?"
 
    "3.35 GPA. A lot better than I expected to."
 
    "That's pretty good. So, I guess you're doing okay at
NMSS."
 
    "After I got a little help, yes, ma'am."
 
    "Jennifer could use that kind of help."
 
    *I don't think she'd enjoy it as much as I do,* Martin
thought. 

    "Well, I'll let you settle in. If you need anything, just
ask."
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    The smells coming from the kitchen of the restaurant
assaulted Martin's nose upon entering. While he had been mildly hungry
before, he was starving now. All the sauces and soups and dishes
looked delectable to him.
 
    Their waitress ushered them over to a long, thin table in a
back corner of the restaurant. While everyone else sat quickly, Monica
remained standing until she was certain where Martin was sitting, and
promptly sat directly across from him. Martin was so hungry that he
took little notice of the teen.
 
    On Mr. Sarento's recommendation, Martin ordered the lasagna
dinner. The family chatted amiably while waiting for the food to
arrive, which took a surprisingly short time. When it did arrive, the
entree set before Martin looked to be enough for at least two very
hungry people, and he was sorry that he would have to waste most of
it. Mrs. Sarento, seeing the look on his face, said, "Don't worry,
Martin. Doggy-bags are a given at Antonio's." She smiled and began
attacking her pasta primavera.
 
    Conversation dwindled quite a bit as everyone began
devouring their food. It took Martin a second to notice that Monica
was not, in fact, eating all that much. Since no one else seemed to be
bothered by it, he assumed it was normal for her, and continued eating
his meal.
 
    His mouth was full of lasagna when he felt the delicate
touch of her foot press into his crotch. He nearly choked on the
noodles in his mouth, but managed to swallow them without being noticed
by the other three, who had resumed a conversation about Jennifer's
time at school. Since Martin had been there for most of the events
Jennifer was talking about, he had little interest in hearing her tell
the stories again. Besides, at the moment he was being distracted by a
slender foot pressed ever so gently against his hardening cock.
 
    Martin took a chance, and looked across at Monica. She
surreptitiously ran her tongue along her lips, and winked at him before
bowing her head to again lay into her noodles. Meanwhile, she
manipulated her toes to caress his cock, causing him to harden fully.
 
    Up to now, though he had chatted with her, Martin had paid
little real attention to Monica. She was fifteen, and he eighteen, and
he hadn't really had much interest in her. Now, with her rather
forceful announcement of intent, he looked her over with a more
appraising eye.
 
    Monica Sarento was the only blonde in a family of ravens.
Her wavy blonde hair flowed down just past her shoulders. Her blue
eyes were subdued, almost mysterious. Her face overall was very petite
and quite attractive. He could see that her breasts were of only
average size, but appeared to be firm. He could feel the strength in
her leg as it pressed into him. The only thing that detracted from her
beauty was the pair of glasses she wore, and he wondered why her family
had not gotten her contacts.
 
    Martin and Monica both continued eating in silence while
the others talked. Monica continued to torture Martin's dick with her
foot, sending shivers up his spine. Soon, he'd had all he could take
without at least responding. He appeared to adjust his napkin in his
lap, but once his hands were beneath the line of sight of the others,
they found Monica's skin, and began to caress the silky surface of her
leg. Though it was cold out, Monica had obviously worn neither socks
nor stockings. Martin's hand caressed her leg all the way up to her
knee, reaching beneath the long skirt she had worn. Martin had thought
that slightly odd as well, given the outside temperature of fifty-two,
but her mother was also wearing a skirt of similar design, so he
figured it was a family thing, though Jennifer had worn a pair of
slacks.
 
    As soon as Martin's hands touched her skin, Monica sat more
upright in her chair. As his hands moved over her flesh, she could
feel the warmth spread throughout her body, but it targeted only the
primal areas. It was not long before she gave up control, and she had
to keep herself from crying out. Even so, her sharp intake of breath
was noticed.
 
    "Are you all right, Sweetheart?" Mr. Sarento asked.
 
    As she pulled her foot, albeit reluctantly, from Martin's
touch, she answered, a little shakily, "Yes, but I think I need to go
to the restroom. I'll be right back." As she rose to leave the table,
the other three looked at Martin, who simply shrugged his shoulders.
They all went back to eating and talking about school, nearly
forgetting about Monica. Except for Martin, who wondered what had just
happened.
 
    Martin had just about finished all of his dinner that he
could eat by the time Monica returned to the table. No one else even
acknowledged her presence as she sat down, and Martin wondered if it
was always like this for her. Martin looked at her across the table,
and she flashed him a warm smile in return. He pretended to be
interested in the conversation going on at the table, but really just
kept glancing back at Monica. Shortly after she returned to eating,
Martin felt the presence of Monica's foot in his lap again. Something,
however, felt different. Trying to be covert, he reached down to feel
her foot. What he found on it was a damp piece of cloth...
 
    *These are her panties! Damn, is she hot!* He knew there
was no way she'd slipped them off at the table, but he wondered how she
had concealed them on her walk back to the table. Taking them off her
foot, he slipped them under the cloth napkin in his lap. Staring her
in the eye, he raised them both to his face, and inhaled. To the rest
of the family, it would appear as if he was simply wiping his mouth,
but Monica knew what he was doing. She smiled shyly at him. Martin
set his napkin down on the table, and, keeping her panties in his hand,
rested it in his lap. Monica slowly moved her foot away from him, but
smiled at him again.
 
    It wasn't long before the rest of the family had eaten
their fill as well. Doggy bags were filled, and the check was paid.
As they were walking out, Martin and Monica made sure they were behind
everyone else. Martin slipped her panties into his front pocket as he
leaned over to her and whispered, "Thanks for the present."
 
    Monica blushed slightly, but whispered back, "Thanks for
getting them wet." That was all the discussion they had time for, as
they were now at the car for the ride home.
 
 
 
-----
 
 
 
    When they arrived home, Mr. Sarento told Martin that
Saturday night was the family's movie night. While everyone else went
to change their clothes, Martin just took a seat on the couch to wait
for them. He shivered slightly, because the house wasn't kept very
warm.
 
    As the others filed in, Monica was the last one. She
couldn't believe her good fortune that Martin was still sitting alone
on the couch. Her parents were sitting on the loveseat along the back
wall of the living room, and Jennifer was sitting in an overstuffed
chair in the corner. The way Martin had slouched in the high-backed
couch, no one could even see him. And she was shorter than he was, so
they wouldn't be able to see her, either. The rest of the family sat
further back because the TV was raised up, and sitting on the couch
meant you actually had to look up at it somewhat.
 
    "You look cold, Marty. Want to share my blanket?"
 
    Martin knew she had more than just blanket sharing in mind,
but the blanket was big, and it looked warm, so he readily agreed.
Since her question was posed openly, the family thought nothing of the
two of them sitting so closely together on the couch. Monica sat on
the couch, her hip pressed firmly against Martin's, and then wrapped
the blanket around both of them. They each tucked it in around them to
keep the chill out. Doing so caused something of a tent effect, and it
meant that no one would be able to observe their hand movements, even
if they did look.
 
    Nothing happened as the movie began. It was a romantic
drama, the kind of movie Martin hated most, but figured the girls would
like. Mr. Sarento, Martin figured, put up with it for family harmony.
 
    It wasn't long into the film when Monica leaned over to him
and whispered, "This movie sure is boring, isn't it?" When Martin
merely nodded, she added, "I wonder if there's something around here
that's more interesting."
 
    Martin managed not to jump when he felt her hand press
against his dick from outside his pants. His cock stiffened as she
lightly squeezed it and ran her hand along its outline. She leaned
over again and whispered, "This seems like much more fun." Martin
merely strained not to react. As she continued her caresses, however,
he felt the need to return the favor.
 
    Martin reached his hand across and rested it high on her
thigh. She made no move to stop him, but simply closed her eyes and
grinned. He moved his hand further in between her legs, which she
parted slightly to allow him access. She was wearing a thin pair of
sweatpants, and so Martin could feel the heat radiating from her
pussy. He began to rub gently against her pants, pressing up into her
just slightly as he did so. Her grin broadened into a serene smile,
and her eyes remained closed.
 
    Neither of them paid any attention to the movie after that,
and they kept up their ministrations on each other, nearly oblivious to
the world around them. The end of the movie came as quite a shock to
both of them.
 
    Martin wondered what to do now. He knew without checking
that there would be a wet spot on his pants, and Monica's sweats were
quite damp with her juices. Neither of them could stand up in front of
her parents, even in the dim light of the living room, without getting
caught.
 
    Luckily for them both, her parents solved the problem.
Mrs. Sarento stood up and yawned before asking, "Can you two take care
of the tape and clean up? Your dad and I are going to go to bed, we're
feeling pretty tired." Jennifer had apparently gone to bed without
either of them noticing.
 
    *Thank you,* thought Martin.
 
    "Sure, Mom," answered Monica. "No problem. Good night."
 
    As soon as her parents' door had closed for the night,
Monica turned to Martin, her hand returning to his cock. "Let's have
sex, Marty."
 
    Martin was not shocked, given the night's activities, but
he was worried. "Monica, your parents are in the house!" he whispered
urgently. "And you're only fifteen! I'd rather not get killed by your
father just now."
 
    Monica was disappointed, but she could see his point.
"Well, can we at least kiss good-night?"
 
    Martin agreed, and their lips locked. It was barely a
second before Monica's tongue was pressing itself against his lips,
requesting entrance. Martin's lips parted, and their tongues danced.
Once again, the warmth intensified and flowed.
 
    Monica was bombarded by both the warmth, and now the
messages being burned into her brain. They continued to kiss, their
tongues intertwining first in one mouth, then the other. She could
feel his hands resting on her ass, and she longed for them to feel it
naked. But he had spoken on that matter. He wouldn't give her that
pleasure while her parents were around. Her Master's word on that was
final.
 
    Their kissing continued for some minutes before Martin
broke it off. He had to stop himself before he did tear her clothes
off and fuck her right there on her parents' own couch. She rested her
head on his chest as he leaned back on the sofa. Finally, he said,
"Thank you for tonight, Monica. Why don't you go on to bed, and I'll
straighten up in here?"
 
    *<<Obey.>>* "Okay, Marty. I'll see you tomorrow." She
gave him a quick peck on the lips, and then headed off to bed.
 
    *Damn. I want her sister, so how come I get her? Not that
she's not extremely fuckable, but still...* Martin came to no
conclusions before he went to bed.
 
 
 
...---=== http://ericstorm.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
 
 
    Martin awoke late the next day, not having his alarm clock
handy to get him up. Not that it mattered; he could still smell
breakfast cooking, so he figured he wasn't beyond hope. He dressed
quickly in black sweats and a light gray T-shirt and headed out to the
kitchen.
 
    He found Mr. and Mrs. Sarento there, but neither of their
children. "Good morning," he said in greeting, "Did I beat the other
two out of bed?"
 
    Mr. Sarento chuckled. "Not hardly. Jen and Monica have
always been early risers. Jen is already at work, and Monica is
spending the day with a friend. She'll be back this evening."
 
    Katie Sarento said, "Hungry?"
 
    "Starving," replied Martin. She served him up a huge
breakfast of scrambled eggs, sausage, toast, juice, some fruit, and a
muffin. He wondered how in the world she kept her trim figure eating
like this. Mr. Sarento had a potbelly, was going slightly bald, and
didn't seem to take care of himself very much. Martin wondered just
how these two had ever come together, and he realized that love truly
was blind.
 
    He ate ravenously. He would have felt guilty about it,
except that the others were eating the same way. The breakfast really
was a feast, and it was very good. Once he was finished, having
properly stuffed himself over it, he thanked Katie and went into the
living room to watch some TV. This was how he spent his day, except
for lunchtime, when they stuffed him again. He wondered that anyone in
this family weighed less than 300 pounds. But still, it was great food.
 
    Jennifer arrived home around five that afternoon, having
put in a full day at the fast-food restaurant where she worked. She
greeted him cordially, but then went to her room, and didn't come back
out. Martin took it in stride, not really concerned with how she felt
about him. Though he was thinking more and more about getting into her
pants, he knew that he had two females right now that wanted to get
into his, and that was plenty for him.
 
    Monica arrived home at six, just before dinner. Martin
took immediate notice of the outfit she was wearing, because it seemed
a bit strange for a winter day. She was wearing a shorter skirt that
barely came to her knees. It was a nice pale yellow in color, and
flowed around her as she walked. Her top was a white sleeveless
blouse, which was loose enough to hide her body, but still looked very
nice on her. But he figured it had to be cold as hell outside.
 
    "You wear that sort of thing in winter?" he couldn't resist
asking.
 
    "Shana's parents keep their house overheated. If you wear
anything more than this, you sweat all day. Besides, I like this
outfit." Martin had to agree silently that he did, too. It looked
extremely sexy on the teen, and it reminded him of the previous night.
 
    Dinner was something of a disappointment, since it was just
the leftovers from the night before. Though the family did exchange
dinners so that they weren't eating the same thing again, Martin stuck
with his lasagna, as nothing else on the table really appealed to him.
The meal went quietly because Monica was sitting in a position where
she could not easily reach him. He could tell this frustrated her. He
found it mildly amusing, but tried not to show it. He didn't want to
upset her.
 
    After dinner, Jennifer immediately went to her room.
Martin had to ask, "Is she upset about something?"
 
    "Probably," remarked Monica.
 
    "Monica!" her mother scolded. "Marty, Jen is just a little
upset with us at the moment. She's being punished for her grades, and
she's not happy about it. I'm sorry she's being rude to you because of
something we've done."
 
    "Don't worry about it, Mrs. Sarento, I'm used to Jen being
rude to me," he said in a voice that said he was only half-kidding.
"She's usually much too interested in Pete to take notice of anyone
else around her, anyway."
 
    "Well, I'm glad you understand. Do you know how Peter's
grades were this semester? I'm wondering if it was a mutual problem."
 
    "It was. Pete's grades were lousy. He let me see his
report card. He's on academic probation for next semester."
 
    "So is Jen. I wonder if those two are really right for
each other." She was silent for a moment, and then said, "Well,
anyway, who's up for a movie tonight? We've got another one from
Blockbuster to watch yet."
 
    "Sounds good to me," said Martin.
 
    "I'm game," replied Mr. Sarento.
 
    "Cool," chimed Monica.
 
    Everyone disappeared into back rooms again as Martin went
to the couch. He waited patiently while the rest of the group filed
in, Monica being last. She headed straight for the couch. He had
expected her to change into sweats again, but saw that she was still
wearing her same outfit. She was, however, carrying the blanket again.
 
    "Wanna share again?" she asked, making sure her parents
heard her.
 
    "Please," replied Martin, also keeping his voice in audible
tones. Once again, they wrapped themselves in the blanket. Once
again, they made sure that their actions could not be observed. As the
movie started, Martin took the opportunity to glance back at Monica's
parents, who were snuggling together on the loveseat, paying no
attention whatsoever to the two on the couch.
 
    The movie began, and Martin tried to get interested in it,
but it was the inane kind of comedy that he just didn't enjoy all that
much. Either Monica didn't like it either, or she simply didn't care
what it was, because her hand soon found its way into his lap, fondling
his dick through his sweatpants.
 
    Tonight, he wasted no time in moving his hand between her
legs. Once again her eyes closed and her head tilted back. After
several minutes of this treatment, she glanced back at her parents, to
find them fully engrossed in the picture. Seeing this, she moved
herself closer to Martin, and put her leg over Martin's knee, spreading
her legs wide to allow him easier access to her. The way she was now
sitting with him, Martin figured he could get both of his hands into
the action. He pulled his right hand away from her pussy, but before
she could protest, he moved his left hand in to replace it. His right
hand he moved around her waist, pulling her to him. She leaned her
head against his shoulder and sighed with the pleasure of it.
 
    Martin slowly moved his hand from her waist up her side.
Soon it was resting along the outside of her right tit. She had made
no move thus far to stop him from anything, so he gently moved his hand
over and cupped her breast. It was only then that he realized she
wasn't wearing a bra, and he was almost positive she had been earlier.
He could feel the hot point of her nipple pressing into his palm, and
she arched her back to press herself more firmly into his hand. During
all of this, she continued to massage his cock, and he was as hard as
he could ever remember being. She had a delicate enough touch to know
when he was getting too close to coming, and she would back off then.
She kept him on that very edge throughout the night.
 
    Martin wondered if he should chance unbuttoning her
blouse. If for some reason her parents wised up, it would be
impossible to correct quickly. He thought for a moment, and then
remembered that her blouse was sleeveless. He slipped his hand off of
her breast, and back to her side. She looked up at him questioningly,
but he just smiled as his arm reached under hers. The armhole in her
blouse was easily big enough for his hand, and he slipped in, now
running his hand back over the same path, only this time he was
accessing bare flesh. Monica's eyes opened wider as she felt his hand
cupping her bare tit. Her body was flooded with the warmth now, and
she was in heaven. She felt his fingers pass one by one over her
nipple, and moaned very softly. Her hand's motion on his cock faltered
momentarily, but only for a second before she regained her rhythm.
 
    Monica enjoyed this for quite a while, but eventually she
leaned into his ear and whispered, "Put your hand under my skirt,
Marty, please?" He figured she'd enjoy it a lot more feeling his hand
just through her panties rather than through her skirt, so he was happy
to do it. It only occurred to him as his hand was slipping up her
thigh that, if she wasn't wearing a bra, she might not be wearing
panties...
 
    And she wasn't. She bit her lip to avoid crying out as
Martin's fingers brushed against her swollen pussy lips. He felt her
body shudder as his fingers began their dance. He massaged her outer
lips for a moment before he inserted his middle finger into her
dripping cunt. As he did that, he leaned over and kissed her. Their
lips remained locked as Martin's finger pushed in and out of her pussy,
moving at a steady pace.
 
    It was just about then that the movie chose to end. Both
of them were startled to see the credits rolling. Martin didn't even
have time to remove his finger from Monica's pussy when he heard her
mother say, "We're going to bed, you two. Can you clean up again?"
 
    Monica strained to keep her voice even as she said, "Sure,
Mom. Good night." Martin sat up slightly to make sure that both
parents had, in fact, gone into the bedroom. Once he was sure of that,
he returned his attention to Monica, and his fingering increased its
pace. He leaned over and kissed her, their tongues dancing. Monica
shuddered, and flooded his hand with her juices, having a wonderful
orgasm as he fingered her.
 
    When she finally came down from her orgasm, Monica looked
up at him and whispered, "Are you sure you don't want to screw me?"
 
    "Of course I do," he responded, "But not while your parents
are home. I don't want to get caught."
 
    "At least let me blow you, then. C'mon, you got me off, I
should at least do the same for you."
 
    He didn't want to hurt her feelings by implying he didn't
want her, so he agreed. Her head slipped beneath the blanket, and her
hands were pulling at his pants. He raised his hips to help her pull
them down, and then he immediately felt her warm mouth engulf the head
of his dick. Martin was enthralled by the sensation. Her small hand
encircled the base of his shaft, and it began jacking him as she
started to take more of him into her mouth. She got almost half of him
into her mouth, and started sucking for all she was worth as her hand
pistoned up and down on his rod. Martin could take only a little of
this after the night they'd had, and soon he blew his wad into her
mouth. He could feel her swallowing it all down, and she kept sucking
until he was dry. Then she licked his shaft completely clean before
laying it gently in his pubic hair, and sitting back up to kiss him.
 
    After they broke the kiss, he said, "That was great,
Monica. I'll clean up, you can head off to bed now."
 
    "Thank you, Master," she said as she rose.
 
    As she walked to her bedroom, Martin noticed the large wet
stain on the back of her skirt. He was distracted by her words,
however. *Master? Again? What the hell?*
 
 
 
...---=== http://ericstorm.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
...---=== http://ericstorm.wolfpub.org ===---...
 
 
 
    

