Bedroom - Friday Morning 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

He was pretty sure the noises he heard were part of his dream. Maybe he made the sounds himself. But one thing he had been definite about... he was hot... scorching... molten lava. He had been chilled, not cold, when he fell asleep with the warm body by his side. As he sunk deeper into dreams, the chill almost froze him. So he sought heat, not having to go far to find the radiance. He burrowed deeper, but now the warmth almost burned him, searing his nakedness.

So... he woke up.

Brian lifted his head, glancing about to check out the scene. He wrinkled his brow, not really knowing where he was. He had tucked his face in a trifecta of softness, warmth and human scent. Michael had been laying on his back, caught in a half-turn. He was either coming to or pulling from Brian.

Brian's race to catch Michael's sudden movement had trapped him mid-turn. Brian's face had buried in the in between curve of Michael's neck and the mattress. They were sharing Michael's pillow. As Brian lifted more to look down their meshed bodies, all he saw was the monochromatic material of the light top sheet to the bed linens. He let his head fall back on plushness, groaning. Michael must have covered him, in an unconscious move to help aide Brian's growing need for warmth.

Now... it was like Brian was on fire. He shuffled a little, resting his cheek on the round bone of Michael's shoulder. He was about to attempt to crawl from underneath, slinking away body part by body part, but he stopped when his palm barely scraped Michael's chest. He discovered where the "heat" had been emanating from all along.

Michael was burning, throughout his body frame.

Scooting to look down at Michael's face, Brian put the back of his hand on the pale forehead. No. No fever. Not even a trace of sweat. The hand moved down the cheek. No, still nothing. But when Brian reached the neck, collarbone and upper chest... the heat began to build. Brian didn't doubt if he went further down the "invisible flames" would be intense.

Christ! Two days. Two whole nights of no real sex, meaning intercourse . Michael always fell asleep content, but as the early morning sun rose so did Michael Novotny. Brian could usually contain himself, able to control the hardness. Michael? Not so much. 

This was the second morning Brian had found Michael in this unbearable condition. Yesterday morning, he had caught the reaction in time, Michael easily waking up. They almost hadn't lasted the first night. By morning, they had to take separate showers, if only to give one another some "private" time to collect themselves. They knew what each had done, at breakfast curiously asking one another the "trigger" that set them off.

Michael had closed the store again, staying home to watch over Brian and Jenny. He told Brian he would return to work on Friday, when Brian would be picking up Lindsay and Gus from the airport. Brian would be gone most of the day. Michael knew, on their last day of agreed abstinence, they both would be entertaining their minds with other things besides sex and one another.

It wasn't that Brian didn't want Michael, that would never happen. But it had come down on them as Doctor's Orders. Then it had come to Brian as Michael's worry over him and taking things easy, wanting Brian to stick around for a lifetime or two. Then Brian had a personal goal of "We stayed away from one another for twenty years. Three nights is a walk in the park." But it wasn't so, not once they had been having a taste of each other.

Brian slipped away from Michael, as stealthily as he could. Once he was on his right side, a good distance from Michael, he finally settled on the cooled bed space and detached himself from Michael's feral responses. No sooner had he shut his eyes in peace, his own libido tamed... here came Michael. He was pulled to Brian's back as if magnetized. Brian would have been fine if that was all Michael did.

Brian allowed the kisses... on the nape, the shoulder blades. He even prayed he would feel those tender hands on his hips, sculpting down his abdomen and up to his breastbone. Oh, they skimmed pubic hair, but had quickly come right back to the curvature of hips, slipping over the rounded backside. Okay... that was new.

Michael then proceeded to make some kind of animal noise, purring groans or something like a muffled squeal, begging for -- well, Brian couldn't really pay close attention. He began to recognize the sounds Michael was making in the back of his throat were the same noises that woke him up. Primal and passionate. Michael's fingernails embedded in Brian's skin, clawing... clamping and yanking him flush with his thrusting pelvis.

Uh... no! This was where Brian had to draw the line. 

Brian thought Michael would wake up like last morning. He turned them both, his right leg slid between Michael's thighs, locking onto Michael's right leg. His palm pushed down Michael's chest to lay him back on the mattress, eventually climbing up to grab Michael's chin from the underside of his jaw. When Michael rolled, his arms raised above his head, fingers bending back on the headboard. He made that noise again, his pelvis undulating to some imaginary body either on or in him, a rhythm began.

"Michael..." Brian whispered near an ear.

The face flowed toward Brian's voice, languid eyes opened slightly, but the mind never registered reality from dream. "Kiss me now."

"Michael, I--" Brian shouldn't have hesitated. Michael's raised right arm came around his neck and locked him to his chest. The two mouths were forced to meet, one pliant and one weakening by the seconds. "Mich--wait... no... wake up..." The kissing had always been great between them. Since the sex had started, kisses became earth-shattering. What Michael was doing to Brian's lips was other-worldly. "God, I--" Brian couldn't move, didn't want to move, except to top Michael. So simple to succumb, let the baser emotion build and have intercourse. But Brian knew Michael wasn't really present at the moment. He would never remember, no matter how well Brian explained it. If Brian pursued Michael's wants and needs, it would be like cheating -- but cheating on Michael with Michael. Sounded dumb, but logic didn't fit here.

This was Michael's "private" time. Michael was too far gone to wake up and soon he would need a release or else reality would be too painful to face. Brian decided he would allow Michael to ride out the wet dream into completion, but Brian would be here as Michael orgasmed. It felt wrong to leave Michael alone. Afterwards, when Michael was fully awake, he would be worse than embarrassed. Brian had always wanted to work this type of kink into their bed. Now was as good a time as any...

Brian worked his neck and head from under Michael's arm, keeping his own hand on Michael's neck. If Michael could feel touch on his hot skin, maybe he could cum sooner. Michael's hand reached out through mind-fog and latched onto Brian's forearm, he begged for gentle caresses on his face, neck and chest.

Brian could see Michael's length was hot against his own thigh. Once flaccid and limp, now it was full of blood, stiff as a board and pulsating red. Moving his leg, Brian gave Michael the stroking sensations he needed. He was amazed Michael never once touched himself. Never even let one finger skip down to his growing cock. Brian marveled that Michael's imagination must be pleasurable beyond any reality.

"... yes..." Michael begged again in his throat. "... yes... yes..." The words grew loud in tone as his ecstasy rose. His neck arched back and his pelvis jutted forward against Brian's thigh.

Brian never thought he would witness anything as intoxicating as Michael falling to pieces in his arms, from no fault of his own. He felt bereft, but knew he was probably getting a small glimpse into what had carried Michael along all those years they came so close, but never followed through. He bent his head near Michael's ear, his forehead nudging. "I love you, Mikey."

"Oh, gawd... I love you, too..." Michael moaned the words as if they were one, his body quaking. "Brian..."

The begging undid Brian. He took his hand, palm down, beginning to delicately massage a way through the light spattering of dark hair, over the dips and curves of ribs. He barely reached the stair steps of abs when Michael arched again. Something seemed to be holding him back from release.

"ssshhh-ssshhh-ssshhh... I've got you, Michael." Brian told the dreamMichael, so the realMichael could come back to him. His head turned to stare down the tiny body, watching and feeling the orgasm hit and completely shatter the sweet man under him.

Nothing ever in Brian's social sexual life was more magnificent than observing the elongation of Michael's cock, the thickening and the pulsating, as his semen spilled over Brian's thigh. Brian nearly came, himself, his own cock tight, hard and squished to Michael's body.

"Oh... gawd... ohgodohgodohgodohgod..." Michael painfully groaned upon his release. The intense jolt of pleasure causing him to open his eyes fully and blink twice, recognition of the face above him causing him to go still and frown. "Brian?" Everything had seemed so real. Had they--?

"Michael, it's okay."

Why did Brian sound regretful? But for who? For what? 

"What's okay?" Michael lifted his head, glancing down his body and catching sight of what had taken place while he had been... uh, dreaming. He couldn't even fathom what he had done. He was only worried about one thing. "Did I--did I say anything... uh, strange?"

That's all Michael was worried about? 

Brian chuckled, seeing the fear... the shame, churning in Michael's eyes. "Michael... is that all?"

"Uh... I'm sorry?" Michael reached up to pull his pillow over his face and proceeded to muffle a scream.

Brian couldn't prevent himself from laughing out loud. He grabbed the pillow. He straightened his body to lay over Michael, keeping his leg where it was. "So what? You cum on me plenty of times." He didn't want to make a bigger deal about this than it was.

Michael rose up onto his elbows. "But when I'm asleep?"

Brian reached out to wipe a few drops of perspiration from Michael's face. He really gave himself a workout. "Hey... I tried to roll away. Even in sleep, your body can't get enough of my hot sex-i-ness." He softly bit a piece of chunky flesh.

"Brian..." Michael covered one hand over his face. "Don't joke about this. I'm humiliated as it is.

Brian lowered his torso, resting his forearms alongside Michael. He tried to nuzzle Michael's neck, dislodging the hand. "Don't be. It was the single most, sexiest... and breathtaking moment of my life..."

"Really?" Michael muttered against his palm.

"Seriously." Brian nodded his head, delivering kisses in sensitive spots.

"Liar." Michael let his hand drop to Brian's shoulder, curving about the strong back, laying on the muscles.

"Don't..." Brian's face was inches from Michael's. He knew if he moved, Michael would try to escape. "Hey... you're not going anywhere."

"I wanna wash up. I'm all sticky... made you all sticky. I'll bring you a wet washcloth." Michael kept darting his eyes from the penetrating hazel ones.

"Michael, you don't have to hide from me."

"I can't--I can't help it." Michael shook his head, trying to look above, eyes to the ceiling. He felt tears building. "I--I just feel things and I need to feel them in the moment."

"Awww... Mikey..." Brian moved up, hovering over Michael's face, making him look up at him. "I'm not--this isn't icky to me. What you did wasn't bad or wrong." He rubbed the back of his hand down a cheek. "Actually, I'd like to know if I can borrow that sensual imagination of yours. What the fuck had you so hot and bothered?" He sounded like he was honestly interested.

"It was... uh... you."

Brian looked bewildered for a minute. "Me? Wow... really? What did I do?"

"… nuthin'..." Michael mumbled, rubbing his nose.

Brian rolled his eyes. "Michael, 'nothing' doesn't make you ejaculate like Mount Saint Mikey all over you and my thigh."

Michael bit his top lip, feeling Brian's cock pressing against him. God... if only they could. He closed his thighs, but that squeezed Brian's thigh too. Crap. "It's a, uh... newer fantasy of mine."

"You have a collection?"

"You say it like they're out on DVD." Michael was beginning to feel his shamed emotions quell.

"I'd buy them if they gave me good tips on how to make you cum like that again."

"Brian!" Michael swatted Brian, his belly chuckle prominent.

"What? Okay... yes, I am vain. I am jealous of myself. I could have much worse problems."

Michael closed his eyes, sighing. "I knew you'd tease me. You'll never be curious enough to care."

"Uh... I do care. If I could have you falling apart like that in my arms every night, every time we have sex..." Brian really didn't know what to say here. "... words cannot express how happy I would be. Not to mention how pleasured you'd be."

"This is not the conversation I want to be having with you in this bed this morning when we can't do anything about it."

"You just did something."

Michael thought about how honest he should be, but he knew Brian wouldn't let it die, if he didn't at least start to say the truth. "The other night, while laying in bed... I was watching you like I always do..."

Brian realized too late Michael didn't want to miss a thing about his fantasy, even the tad boring bits. "You always watch me. Is this a long build up?"

"Will you let me speak?!"

"Okay... okay... simmer down." Brian then proceeded to pretend like he was going to lay his head on Michael's pillow. "Wake me when you get to the good parts."

Michael gave him one of his "looks", telling him to pay attention or else. "Am I boring you?"

"No. Not in the least." Brian perked right up.

"Then... Shut.Up."

Brian did so, smirking. He had been difficult long enough to distract Michael from his tears. He would let Michael speak about anything now.

"Anyway... watching you -- you were only in your PJ bottoms and I've always liked the way these ones hug your perfect ass... so I'm looking and I'm thinking... I'm going out of my mind. I touch your ass all the time, during sex and I wondered, 'what would it look like if I--?'--" Suddenly Michael realized what he was about to say and stopped.

"If? C'mon...” Brian went back to hovering over Michael's face. “... don't let me hang. Gotta be more." He brought his hands up, from leaning on his forearms, and gave his undivided attention to Michael's face. Fingertips brushed and traced, they were followed closely by lips and a tongue.

Michael discovered he could speak if Brian was looking elsewhere. He stared at Brian and began to finish his response. "I wondered -- if our positions were reversed -- switched -- what would it be like? The look... the feel of taking you from behind." He left his comment at that. He dipped up to kiss Brian, a patch of neck skin visible.

"Oh..." Brian paused in his care of Michael; his mouth took the shape of an "O". Well... he had his answer. "That's what got you off? Your new fantasy?" He seemed like he was earnestly thoughtful. "Have all your fantasies come true?"

Michael nodded his head, before he actually spoke. "Yes." His fingers reached up to play with Brian's sideburns, feathering them out. "So far." His biggest one being Brian... here in his bed, forever.

"Damn..." Brian bowed his head, hitting Michael's pillow over his shoulder.

"See!" Michael tried to push Brian away, but he wouldn't budge or couldn't. They were still interlocked. "I knew you'd brush it off. Or laugh at me."

Brian was chuckling. "I'm not, Mikey, I swear." He knew if he didn't speak soon he might get a pillow in his face. "Look... I'd be--I'd think--" He was trying to dodge Michael's hands from picking up the other pillow. "No... don't..."

"Brian."

"Michael... will you listen to me?!" Brian didn't want to be rough and grab Michael's wrists, so he simply kept his biceps down, which prevented the arms from wildly swinging for ammo.

Michel stopped moving. "Okay... I'm already embarrassed. Whatever you say can't hurt me more." He lay down as if to take undo pain to his body, martyring himself on the bed.

"Oh... you are so cute when you do that." Brian snickered, loving the feel of Michael under him. "You need to get ready for work soon." He looked to the digital clock. He sighed, staring straight down at Michael. "Tonight." He nodded his head as if making an agreed decision.

"What?" Michael looked up in confusion.

"I'm back on my Babylon shift."

"Brian, it's still..." Michael was now attentive to Brian, placing a tender hand on his chest, checking out the disappearing lump on Brian's temple. It was still covered with a light bandage, but that was just Brian being Brian. Not wanting to mar his face any, plus... bandages got you sympathy.

"No! Our three days are officially done later on tonight. So... let's do it. Let's plan this as our Babylon night."

"Okay. Agreed." Michael looked a little pensive. "Why am I getting the feeling you have something more to say?"

"Because I do." Brian smiled, then winked. "Ted and Blake are already taking Jenny until Saturday afternoon. All we do is get someone to watch Gus for a few hours, until he goes to bed. Then we come back home to our bedroom -- this bed... right here..." He patted the mattress. He could see the dawning on Michael's face. "What? What's wrong?"

"You're not---you... no. You couldn't be." Michael forcefully sat up against the headboard, bringing Brian with him, but now he was laying in his lap. "Brian..." His palm caressed the cheek and jawline. "... you really wanna try tonight? After Babylon?"

Brian secretly smiled, laying his cheek on Michael's belly. His arms came around the thin waist. His silent nod against Michael's body his answer. He had to admit he had thought about asking Michael one day, but afraid he would never take that kind of strange step out of their sexual realm. Brian feared he could be looked at as if he was a freak. But now to know Michael had thought the same scenario out -- being the Top instead of his usual Bottom position -- Brian was astounded to no end.

Michael was breathless, and quite speechless. Brian would do this, for him? Simply overwhelming what this man would do. Even to fulfill a stupid fantasy. He sunk lower, sliding back under Brian, the sweetness of his kisses and caresses indicative of his quiet acceptance of Brian's response. "Let's stay in bed a little longer... I'll open the store later..."

"Okay." Brian nodded his head, oddly shy, but his eyes intent on Michael's. "Thank you."

"Why?"

"For constantly being honest with me." Brian meant it for the way in which Michael allowed his body to fly freely in his keep. "I'd do anything for you... you know that?"

Michael nodded his head, tears building up again. And Brian, happily, kissed them away.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~
Kitchen - Same Friday Morning
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Michael?"

"Hmmm..."

"Look at me."

Brian's voice alone should have been what called him back, out of a daydream state. Nothing was appearing to work, except for... Maybe he should...

Brian sidled up behind Michael at the sink. He rubbed the shoulders, giving a little body shake. Realizing he would have to go further, the hands sloped down Michael's back, coming around to hug the motionless frame. Brian placed one palm on Michael's abdomen, soothing an easy caress. He relaxed his chin on Michael's shoulder as he stared, one-eyed, toward whatever Michael was interested in, off in the distance. When he saw nothing spectacular, Brian knew Michael was somewhere lost in his mind. Having an idea he was causing Michael to stare into space was both thrilling and scary. He hoped Michael got rid of this affliction once he showed to work at the store. "Mikey... this doesn't bode well for being a good employer. What's the sense in having a store filled with employees if all you keep doing is closing?"

Michael gulped, turning in Brian's embrace. His stainless steel travel mug, sudsy and clean, dripping water on the floor and on Brian's shoes and jeans. "Oooo... sorry, sweetie." He shifted to get a towel, handing the material to Brian. Michael set his mug in the sink.

"Water. That's all. No biggie." Brian kept the towel, never bothering to wipe away the wetness. His hands clenched the sink ledge, his arms on either side of Michael's body. Brian could see the frazzled mind churning, see the dark eyes focus and un-focus, words attempting to pass through Michael's open mouth, but no sound came. "Tell me..." Brian softly coaxed forward.

"Just..." Michael shrugged, bringing his eyes to Brian's face. He hadn't shaved... god damn him. In fact, Brian was dressed in the other sexy manner he had perfected. Simple, really... well-worn jeans, expensive and bought tattered... white, ribbed wife-beater under a soft suede camel-colored button-down shirt. The shirt was left open to reveal the t-shirt's cotton; the t-shirt hem wasn't tucked in, bunched around the thin waistline. Michael grabbed the front two belt loops, dragging Brian toward his leaning form. "... you..." He breathed out one word against open lips, his tongue tasting minty teeth and, soon, warm tongue.

Brian tightly clenched the sink ledge, knowing if he touched Michael he would make a tired-ass plea for himself that Michael should stay home, close the store. There was too much to do, responsibilities to stick to and obligations to fulfill. "I was prepared to be the Big Baddie this morning." He shook his head at the power Michael had over him sometimes. "How is it possible you can make me melt, yet... feel as strong as steel?"

Michael brought up his hands, wiggling them beside his head. "Magic!"

"Hmm... I don't usually like magic. Illusions are kinda cheesy mind-trick bullshit, but yours... yours I like very much."

Michael tilted his head in awe, palm out to massage Brian's stubble. The feel under his hand was sensational. "Sometimes I want people to see what I see, when I look at you. Feel what I feel, when you look at me... or touch me. I've always needed them to realize how compassionate and gracious you really are."

Brian nudged the hand in quiet tolerance. "Flattered, but I like my audience of one, thank you." He could feel the flush on his skin grow. He picked up the travel mug from the sink, drying it off with the towel in his hand. He sauntered over to the coffee pot where a new batch was finishing brewing.

Michael hid his hands behind his back, liking when Brian's bashful side came out. The little boy who needed acceptance and love, wearing his heart on his sleeve. "But then I--I get freakishly possessive and think, 'fuck 'em'. That they never wanted you and you're all mine now."

"Michael..." Brian chuckled, shaking his head. The coffee percolating ended, so he turned to pour out the steaming liquid in the steel cylinder. "You like me for my coffee skills and you know it."

"Brian, not fulfilling a random fantasy of mine won't change my feelings for you." Michael took his time, feeling the room, sensing when he could approach Brian. Brian was keeping safe, avoiding eye contact and standing with his back turned. So Michael did as usual, filled the silence with his Brian and Michael Show "stories". "When I first saw you, at fourteen, I thought you hated me. You sure gave me cross-vibes. You kept being my friend, yet -- I dunno -- you were distant. When my crush-worthy lust renewed into love, I realized I wasn't sure I could ever love anyone else." He saw the shoulders move, like in a soft sigh. "In fact, whenever you'd fall asleep in my arms -- slowly opening up to me, telling me things; what was inside you even if it was fucked up and crazy -- you allowed me to 'see' you. The Real Brian. And I discovered I wasn't scared, I wasn't turned off. I, uh, kind of wanted more. That's when I drifted off in my head, as you dreamed in my arms. When I knew exactly what was going on, right in front of me." Michael was closer than he had been, standing behind Brian, slightly to the right, like he was trying to peek beyond his shoulder.

Brian shivered slightly, closing his eyes. "It's three sugars, two creamers, right? I can get the quantities assbackwards sometimes." He lightly laughed at his own "elder" forgetfulness. He reached for a spoon to stir. His emotions were heightened, sentimentality unbalanced.

All Michael did was take one step near, he shadowed Brian's right side. "... that's when I knew you were born for me." Brian faltered, wiping his thumb under an eye, one at a time. "I know it's a little jolting to hear this early in the day, but after years of hearing it screamed at you -- that no one really wanted you, no one wanted you to make it, even being born ; that you were, possibly, a mistake..." Michael made himself choke, not sure he could say the rest without holding Brian. He was trying to be kind, watching Brian suffer in quiet torture, but giving him space. He was right behind Brian. All Brian had to do was turn around and Michael would be right where he had always been. "I think, frankly, that's pretty shitty to do to an innocent child. And I, uh... tend to differ with those people who can't even give you one thread of a chance to make it right. I know you've made your mistakes, but those can easily be forgiven. I just don't know exactly where I'd be right now if I didn't have you--"

"Shut up." Brian finally turned, his arms diving in, holding onto Michael as tight, and as close as he could. "… shutupshutupshutupshutup..." He nearly lifted Michael off his feet, clamping him to his chest. His fist bunched on Michael's back. His silent sobs sunken into Michael's neck and collar. He nuzzled his safety net, inhaling the scent to make it through the day. His Michael... His Mikey... His... so beautiful and awesome in his love and loving him. Michael practically emitted light from his features, shining down on Brian's darkness. He settled down, coughing and sputtering, wiping his sleeves on his face. He pushed Michael away, light in his roughness. "Would you get the fuck out of here already?!" His fingers snagged on the cuff of a sleeve, around Michael's wrist. He turned around to screw the lid on Michael's travel mug.

Michael smirked, reaching out to keep a hand on Brian's puffy cheek. "I love you, too." His hand lightly brushed over the bandage on Brian's temple, sending it healing vibes. “I can't seem to stop.” He quietly wished for someone to watch over his guy until he could take over tonight.

Brian shoved the cup in the middle of Michael's chest. He backed up, having to weakly lean on the kitchen counter. "I won't make you stop, either. So... keep up the good work. I may just impress someone else besides you and Jenny."

"I won't hold you to that promise. I'm satisfied here at home." Michael made a quiet enunciation of "with you", pointing his finger toward Brian.

Brian bit his top lip. "Yeah... me, too." Even looking at Michael, backing away from him to head out the door, was heart-wrenching. The last thing Michael did was make the hand gesture for "call me" with his pinky and thumb, and he was on his way out the door, toward his car parked behind Brian's car.

Brian nodded his head, not saying one more word. He waited for the close of the front door and then he buried his face in his hands, crying residual tears. Leftover sorrow, but then there were happier tears. He noticed he still had the kitchen towel handy and wiped his face.

Jenny would come down soon and they would start their morning jaunt and fill their afternoon together until Brian dropped her off to stay with Ted and Blake. His motivation after that would be to bring his son home.

Home? Yeah, he was growing to like that word more and more, every day he was with Michael. He even found himself having to wipe under his chin, tears having escaped unchecked. So different than the sad ones of his youth of never understanding what he could have done to be hated so damn much. Relief overcame him of being loved and discovering the many ways in which he was lovable. 

So, so different... thanks to Michael. Yeah, Brian knew exactly what he would do to show his love and thankfulness for Michael in his life. He wished the evening arrived here faster, instead of actually having to function through the real twenty-four hours of the day. Much, much quicker in a time machine, even sleeping the day away until evening hours. He found himself chuckling. The more he was sharing his mind with Michael, the more he realized his own imagination flourished.

And that's how Jenny found Brian... content and happy in the kitchen. She smiled broadly while making her way down the last steps toward the noises Brian was making in the kitchen. He must have heard her plop down on the hardwood floor after the last step on the stairs.

"Cereal? Toast? Waffles? What's your tastes this morning, Lady Jenny?" Brian was busy, getting out a bowl, a small plate... ready to venture toward the fridge to know what Jenny might want for breakfast. But when he swiveled he found his body blocked as tiny arms raised up to him. "What?"

"… I miss'd my mornin' hug an' kiss..."

"Well... we can't have royalty wasting away without their daily dose of nuzzling." Brian hefted Jenny in his arms, high enough where she was level with his face. "Mornin' darlin'." He drawled as he hugged her close, pressing a series of kisses to her face.

Jenny wrapped both arms about Brian's neck, squeezing tighter than she should. When she heard Brian gag, she giggled. She rested her head on Brian's shoulder, letting him move about the linoleum with her in his arms. "… did I miss Daddy leavin'?"

"Yup. If you want, we can swing by the store and tell him 'g'bye', before you go see Ted and Blake." Brian wished she would agree, but it seemed like a lot for an already full day.

"… nope... imma be okay... we talk'd when I woke up." Jenny lifted her head, grabbing for her favorite cereal box within her reach. She shook the box, like her father, checking to make sure there was stuff still in it. "… this one'll be all right." She handed it to Brian to pour out. "… wuz Daddy okay?" She only asked because her father seemed distracted, even though he talked to her.

"Yeah... he's fine. He's just..." Brian stuttered, because he almost forgot how old Jenny was. Some days being the only person to talk to, she was the easiest person to listen, and halfway converse with. "... uh, worried about the new employee interviews."

"… oh, oh-kay..." Jenny didn't say anything else. "… you oh-kay?" She rubbed his back, soothingly.

Brian lifted an eyebrow. "I suppose. I've been better. But... I can't complain. Well, I could, but it would be useless, a bit silly." He shook his head at whining about missing Michael already. It was nice to have Jenny around to fill those empty spaces and stop the quiet from strangling him.

"… what're we doin' today?" Jenny sounded excited. It had been awhile since it had been just her and Brian spending the day together.

"Anything you want, Lady Jenny. Anything."

"Really?"

"No... you can't drive my car." Brian braced himself for that telltale Novotny swat. Once it landed on him, he leaned over to peck Jenny's chin and cheek and felt balanced, for once. Knowing exactly where he wanted to be and where he belonged.

Kind of like slamming on the brakes of Life, full stop.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~
Park/Playground - Mid-Morning Friday
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"… here... here's good."

"No. No, I don't think so."

"… why not?"

"Because... we're, like, in the middle of everything. If we can see people, then people can see us. What we want is that bench."

"… that one?"

"Yes. That one."

"… where?... the one there, near cars?... under the tree?"

"It's cozy."

"… i's too far from ev'rythin'... an'... I can't see the swings."

"Wouldn't you rather be swinging than watching others swing?"

"… nope... I don' know anybody..."

"Neither do I, but I would go swing. If you wanted."

"… why you wanna swing?"

“Because... it's good to get out. See the world. Get some fresh air. Meet people. Make new friends. I should start bringing you here more often. Make this like a regular 'thing' for us..."

"… can we sit here?"

"Well, I suppose, since the other bench is so very, very far away."

"… I can sit there, if you wan' me to..."

"Nah, here's okay. I'll suffer for you."

"… thank you."

"Your welcome. Wha--? What are you doing? I could have helped you up here to sit."

"… I can do stuff on my own."

"But a bench is for sitting, not standing."

"… I like standin'... I wanna see ev'rythin'... why you wearin' glasses?”

"Sunglasses." 

"… huh?"

"They're SUN-glasses. They're dark to block out the s-u-n."

"… I don' see no s-u-n."

"Ah-ha... wait until you learn about UV-rays."

"... huh?"

"Never mind."

"… lookie... over there..."

"Where?"

"… the see-saw... the pretty lady wit' her baby?"

"Do I have to?"

"… uhm, she likes you."

"She does not."

"… uh-huh... she look'd when we got here."

"And I won't look, because--?"

"... you love Daddy."

"Exactly, but also because... she's not really my type."

"… wha'sa 'type'?"

"She's a girl."

"… yur funny... imma girl."

"But I don't like you--like you like I like your father. I love you, but I wouldn't want to marry you."

"… why?"

"Well... you're a girl and your four... and, pardon me, but... ewww..."

"… hehehehehe... you make me laff."

"You make me happy."

"... thank you... oh, lookie..."

"What now?"

"… a little boy an' girl, by the swings... an'--"

"What?"

"… take off yur s-u-nglasses an' you can see."

"I don't see what you're--"

"… there... the man... wit' the little boy an' girl..."

"Yeah, what about him?"

"... he likes you too."

"Well... why don't you stop staring at them, pointing all willy-nilly, and they won't think you're trying to scope out prospects for me."

"... but 'm jus'--"

"Stop it."

"… why?"

"It's rude."

"… he look'd first... an' he don' look like he's gonna stop."

"Well... not if you keep staring."

"… but 'm four... he's oldur than me... right?"

"And they should know better, yes... I agree, but not everyone older than you is a mature adult."

Jenny sighed, plopping down on the bench seat beside Brian. "Everyone is older than me." She grumbled out as she slid her tiny satchel to her front, placing it on her lap. The strap was criss-crossed over her chest.

Brian leaned over to rub a finger over Jenny's puffed out cheek. "You'll soon reach an age where you'd wish for those days back."

Reaching inside one of her satchel's pockets, Jenny drew out a small notepad and a sharpened Number #2 pencil. Barbie, of course, adorned the eraser top. In her childlike scribble, she assimilated writing as if she were taking dictation. She slowly mouthed-out the words and scribbled them as she heard the sounds in her head.

Brian sat up, moving to relax in the corner. He looked over at Jenny, wondering what she might be doing. "Wha--? What's that?"

Jenny didn't look up, using her lap as a desk. "... my no'book."

Brian thought he missed a word or two. "Your what?'

"… I take no'es... my no'book... words I hear." Jenny tapped on an ear Brian could see.

"Who taught you how to write?"

Jenny looked up, thinking. Right now her father was, but before... uhm... "… no one." She didn't know if she should tell Brian she had learned on her own. "… othur four-year-olds don' 'rite like me?"

"Uh... they're too busy picking their noses, running with scissors and eating paste and construction paper. So... I have to say a resounding N-O." Brian paused, taking his sunglasses off finally, folding them and hooking them on his t-shirt collar. "Then again, I don't hang out with most four-year-olds."

Jenny looked over at him as if to say, "who am I? chopped liver?".

"Well... I didn't used to." Brian patted her shoulder weakly. "You should feel honored being in my rare company."

Jenny sat back, sighing. "… am I bad for 'ritin'?"

"No. Depends what you're writing." Brian realized he might be offending Jenny, so he tried to make her feel better. "What are you writing?"

"… words."

"Yeah, I got that. What kind of words?"

"… stuff I hear... words lotsa people said to me... words Daddy, Gran' ma an' you said too..."

"Me?!?" Brian choked out, patting his chest. "Jen... nonono... your father would kill me, if he knew you thought anything I said was brilliant or worthy of posterity." He swallowed, but then he wondered something. "You didn't write down any of the times I said swear words, did you?"

Jenny shook her head, her brow wrinkled in deep thought. "… I don' know those words."

"Oh... whew..." Brian pretended to fan himself. He liked hearing Jenny giggle. "You scared me there, Lady Jenny."

"… I don' know 'em, but I don' know all words." Jenny folded back a page, holding out her no'book. "... wanna see?"

"Oh, sweetie... no... I..." Brian put out a hand to ward off the toss. He wasn't sure she didn't have a bunch of "juicy" thoughts floating on those pages, like in a diary or journal. But she kept insisting, so he took it. When Brian glanced down, through Jenny's scribbling, there he saw... his words looking up at him.

"... I WIL REECH N AYG WARE I WISH 4 THOZ DAYZ AGAYN..."

Good God! What other incriminating evidence did Jenny have on him? 

Brian curiously flipped two pages back, perusing everything written. She was very thorough and clear. All in capital letters and she left spaces around each word or sentence to make sure she had written them correctly. When he began at the top of one page, Brian discovered another shocker. Jenny must have tried very hard to remember the words once they had come home from taking Brian to the Emergency Room. He could decipher three words describing his past medical history Jenny had overheard.

CANSIR ... RAYDEEAYSHUN ... and KEEMO ... 

Jenny had attempted a fourth word, but its pronunciation went over her head, so she stopped at a certain point...

TESTEEK... 

Brian snickered, a bit of shame on his face. Jenny had enunciated and spelled out "testicular" as best she could, but gave up. He was in awe; he didn't know what to do or say next. To know that Jenny had been so concerned with his welfare and health that she had attempted to write down some stupid words moved him beyond an ability to vocalize his own feelings. They touched his heart more than anything she could have done. Brian and Michael were sure she wasn't totally assured of things being all right, or “fine”, because the doctor had made such a bigger deal about Brian hitting his head. And this... cansir/cancer... had something to do with it. And she was willing to learn.

Jenny could very well be a budding genius. She continued to astound Brian with her willingness to absorb everything around her.

"Can I--can I show you--?" Brian reached around to bring Jenny closer. He put out a hand for Jenny's pencil, which she gave him.

"… yeah... please." Jenny bit her thumb, like Brian. She leaned against his chest, looking down at her no'book in his lap as he wrote with her pencil in the spaces she had left.

Brian was beginning to show Jenny how to correctly spell each word, giving her a smidge of an explanation and an example she could comprehend without confusion. But he wasn't touching that last word. No... not until Jenny was twenty-one and, of course, still a virgin.

~~TBC...