Saturday, April 28, 1984.

   Next weekend I arrived at their house again at 7 to baby-sit Cynthia. 
Tonight Cynthia asked if we could go to the park, which I thought was a
good idea--anything was better than sitting there in jail for an hour like
last time.

   Even though I was only fifteen, I had a learner's permit, and my parents
were really laid back about me driving.  It wouldn't be technically legal
to drive us to the park--I was allowed to drive alone only to work or
school, but my mom had had me driving to the store for milk or bread for
months now so I thought driving up the street to the park would not be a
big deal.  The nearest park was just a few blocks away but it was a good
excuse for me to take the car.

   The park was about two blocks square, with the back of the library on
one side, some trees on one side, and houses on the other two.  From the
parking lot the playground was about fifty yards away.  Surprisingly for a
warm Saturday evening we were the only two in the whole park.  One bench
was located at the edge of the bed of wood chips under the elaborate jungle
gym.  I sat on the bench to watch while Cynthia climbed around and slid
down the slide.

   She swung across the monkey bars and into the little walled fort that is
in the middle of the jungle gym.  Cynthia was hid behind the wall for a
suspiciously long period of time.  Then her head popped up above the wall,
and she swung down onto the monkey bars again.  Stark naked.

   "Cynthia!" I exclaimed.  I glanced around quickly praying no one was
nearby.  I jumped up and ran toward her.  "You can't do this!  We could get
in trouble!" She just smiled and hung there as I approached, our faces at
the same height now.  When I was one step away she lifted her feet and
opened her legs.  My knees just about buckled at the sight of her skinny
legs spreading wide, the hairless slit between her legs parting, revealing
a deep pink between.  The right thing for me to do was step between those
legs, let her wrap them around my waist, press that smooth little girl
pussy against my abdomen.  I tried to adopt the air of scolding adulthood
as my skin was on fire where she pressed against me.  Cupping one bare ass
cheek with each hand I lifted her slightly so she let go of the bars and
put her arms around me.  I spread her ass cheeks as I lifted her onto the
ledge of the fort, brushing one finger lightly over her little butthole,
trusting that whatever contact she felt she would take to be inadvertent.
This was as much touching as I could possibly hazard.  Unclasping her feet
from around my waist, I stepped back and pressed her knees together so only
the hairless V her thighs made with her tummy was visible.  I looked at her
nipples for the first time in sixteen months.  Rather than the flat
colorless points I had seen two Christmases ago, they were now raised ever
so slightly, and ever so slightly pinker than the surrounding skin.

   "Cynthia, Jesus, you can't just take your clothes off any time you
want!" "But I like it!" she wailed, apparently on the verge of tears. 
"It's okay," I consoled her, not wanting to cause more of a scene then the
naked nine-year-old girl before me already would.  The violently opposed
emotions I was feeling were excruciating.  On the one hand I was scared to
death someone would see us.  Even at fifteen, I knew, I would have no
chance if we were caught.  They would throw me in jail for molesting this
little girl, no matter how I pleaded that she had done it herself.  I
wouldn't believe me myself.  On the other hand, this wasn't just a naked
female before me, this was the [i]only[/i] naked female I had ever touched,
ever even been close to.  This nine-yearold girl was the first time I had
ever seen an open pussy in person.  I wasn't a pervert, all I did was
fantasize about the women in my magazines, and my chemistry student teacher
Ms.  Hutchison.  I knew what was happening here was wrong and I didn't even
want it, but here it was a naked girl.  I could not help my mind from
wondering what I could get away with.  Something was wrong with this girl,
I thought, and I seemed to be the beneficiary.

   "You have to put your clothes back on," at the same time resting my
hands on her bare, narrow hips.  I realized with a start that I had now
been standing there talking to this naked girl for several minutes. 
"Nooo," she whined.  "Just back to the car, please?" "You want to walk back
to the car naked?" She nodded eagerly.  I peered over the jungle gym, we
were still the only creatures stirring in that dreamily quiet evening. 
Still a car could drive by any moment.  A cop could drive by.  Anyone could
be watching us through their window.  But I felt a sudden rush of
adrenaline at the thought of parading her naked back to the car.  I shook
with anticipation as though it were me who were naked.  "Okay, just this
once.  Do you promise?" She nodded eagerly.

   I gathered her clothes into a bundle under my arm and she hopped down
from the ledge.  I looked at her again, completely naked, from head to
foot, four-foot-six, narrow, skinny little body, flawless white skin, an
amazingly cute little ass.  I just couldn't wrap my head around what was
happening.  I noticed then that she was glancing around quickly too--she
was a little scared as well!  That turned me on even more.  My cock was so
hard it was painful.  "Let's go," I said, and grabbing her hand we started
for the car, both walking quickly but forcing ourselves not to run.

   I let her in the car and was walking around the back to my side when a
car finally drove by, fortunately not a cop.  When I opened my door the
little girl in the passenger seat was still naked.  "Come on, you have to
put your clothes on now.  You promised." "Okay," she said.  She pulled them
on slowly, deliberately, watching me watching her.  Was she teasing me?  Or
oblivious to the thoughts that her nakedness would put in my head?

   I knew we had to have the conversation that one must have with a child
after doing something naughty with her.  "Cynthia, you know that it's wrong
for you to take your clothes off in public, right?" "That's what Mom always
tells me." "You mean you've done this before?" I asked incredulously.  "No!
This was my first time!  But I think about it all the time.  I asked Mom
about it and she told me it was wrong." "You've never done this before? 
What made you do it this time?" She hesitated.  "I don't know.  We were all
alone.  And I just wanted to be naked in front of you also." Now I
hesitated.  "Well, thank you.  I did really like to see you naked.  But
your mom is right; it is wrong.  You know we could both get in a lot of
trouble?" "Like what?" "Well, for me, if they caught us, they would throw
me in jail for sure.  You don't want that, do you?" "Hmm," she said, then
laughed at me.  "I'm just kidding!  Of course not." "As for you, I don't
know, they might take you out of school.  It might even get your parents in
trouble."

   I parked the car by the curb in front of my house and we got out.  My
hard-on was still raging but there was nothing I could do about it.  We
crossed the street and climbed the steps to her front door.  "So Cynthia,
we cannot do this again.  It was really fun, but it was just this one time.
Okay?" "I understand.  You had fun?" "Yes, did you?" "Yes it was the best
thing I have ever done." "Okay, but never again.  Do we swear?" "Yes,
swear."

   It was 9:30, and time for Cynthia to go to bed.  She must have been
tired out also, because she did not protest.  "Good night, Nathan." "Good
night, Cynthia." She hugged me, and my erection pressed into her chest. 
She didn't seem to notice.  I didn't wait thirty minutes this time.  As
soon as she climbed in bed I went to the back bathroom, pretended to pee,
grabbed the tub of Vaseline, and headed downstairs.  Trusting again that I
would hear her if she came down for something, I spread the jelly over my
cock and started rubbing.  I came so hard the first spurt hit my cheek.
   
