One of King Elessar’s stipulations when he had first brought in Arwen to play with them was that no one but himself was allowed to penetrate the Queen with any body part other than tongues and fingers. It was, after all, a matter of Royal Issue. There could be no doubt as to the sire of any of her children.

Legolas and Haldir had agreed unhesitatingly, though they were amused that Elrond had neglected to instruct his foster-son in important matters such as Elvish reproduction: that an Elf female always had conscious control over the conception of her children, unlike mortal women who were at the mercy of their bodily cycles; and that an Elf male could control the spending of his seed, yet still climax many times. Which is why there had always been so few Elf children born and every one of them cherished and priceless.

Unbeknownst to Aragorn, the two Elves had conspired to teach the Man, who had Elvish blood in him, that this was possible for him as well. Yet again, it had been Haldir’s idea.

The Lorien Elf was of the opinion, discussed at great length one evening when he and Legolas had had too much drink, that Men could hold back their seed as well, if only they trained themselves. Legolas had retorted that Men had not the desire nor the years available to them to learn it. Haldir argued it was possible to forcibly train a Man to do it but Legolas disagreed; it had taken him decades to train himself, with lots of practice. Besides, he added, if that were the case, they’d never get them to leave the bloody House.

But when Haldir got an idea in his head, it was like trying to get a Mirkwood spider to let go of one’s flesh once it clamped on–-one had to kill it. Legolas sighed and surrendered his will once again to a higher level of stubbornness. Aragorn was chosen for the experiment, and the conspiracy began.

Many sessions later, and the Man had yet to climax without spending his seed, regardless of what the Elves did to him. Legolas was beginning to feel he’d finally had one over on Haldir…

~~~

Legolas’ eyes feasted on the perfect flesh of the Queen displayed before him like a Royal Buffet. He watched Haldir’s eager hands rove up and down that silken skin and he licked his lips in eagerness. He caressed her thighs and she obligingly opened her legs to reveal the dessert tray. Desserts that were quite juicy and swollen with arousal. Legolas’ prick jumped in mindless anticipation. He closed his eyes and groaned softly.

Legolas looked over to Aragorn hanging from his brace. The Man’s eyes burned with an intensity that sent shivers down the Elf’s back. He knelt between Arwen’s legs, gripped her thighs tightly and put his mouth to her slippery sex. She jumped and yelped and Legolas had to hold on for dear life as she bucked and kicked. Lily threw herself bodily onto Arwen to keep her from tumbling off the bench, conveniently latching her mouth onto a nipple in the process. Arwen climaxed screaming, echoed by her husband, body gone stiff and jerking in his bonds, head thrown back. Legolas and Haldir looked at each other in stunned surprise over the bodies of the females, then watched Aragorn go limp from his own climax.

Both Elves noted that the Man’s erection was still quite stiff, and there had been no emissions. Haldir looked at Legolas again with a wicked smile.

“Ha,” he said, removing himself from Arwen’s grip. He walked over to Aragorn and pulled his lolling head up by the hair. “What say you, little Man? Care for more?”

“Yes,” whispered a dazed Aragorn. “Please, my lord.”

Haldir kissed him violently, biting and sucking, continuing to hold him by the hair. He reached up with his other hand and began to rip off the hardened rivulets of wax from his chest. Aragorn gasped and sucked in hissing breaths along with Haldir’s tongue, but made no other sound. The Elf ground his arousal against the Man’s causing him to writhe his hips. He stepped back and turned to Legolas who was sitting on the bench with Arwen in his lap, kissing her with single-minded focus.

Haldir took Aragorn’s tormented erection in his hand and began to lightly stroke it. “Watch, Estel,” he said softly. “Watch how your wife returns the favor.”

Lily immediately sat behind Legolas, wrapping her arms around the Elf’s slender waist, offering her body as support. He leaned back, his head on her shoulder, his silken hair a cascade of rippling gold caressing her arm and breast. Arwen knelt on the stone floor and took the Prince into her mouth. Aragorn shivered and moaned, seeing his lady wife, Queen of Gondor, on her knees, servicing another like a common harlot. Haldir’s hand on him became more insistent and he bucked his hips, gasping from the frustration of wanting what his wife was having.

Legolas’ hands were in Arwen’s hair, tugging gently, guiding her to take him deeper. He panted loudly as he reached the peak, groaning noisily as he went over. Aragorn stiffened and jerked again and groaned along with Legolas. Haldir felt the Man’s cock shudder in his hand, but again no emission.

“Two!” he chortled. “Shall we go for three?”

Legolas looked at Haldir and smiled, still recovering from his own. “I don’t know. It might kill him.” Haldir looked at Aragorn, who was dangling limply, head lolling forward and panting heavily.

“Help me then.” Haldir untied the rope that held up the brace and lowered it. Legolas caught the Man from falling on his face just in time. They removed the leather bonds and laid him gently on the padded bench with the ladies.

“My lord,” Aragorn pleaded, looking at Legolas’ still-hard length. Haldir smirked.

“I think our little Man wants a treat, my love. Have you been a good boy, Estel?”

“I wish only to please you, my lords,” he whispered.

Arwen pulled Lily away, retiring to a nearby couch. “It’s time for my husband’s reward,” she told her. “But I will have mine as well,” the Lady said to the Elves.

“Of course, my lady,” Legolas answered. “We will ready him for you.”

Legolas went to Aragorn’s head while Haldir stepped between his legs. The 'Lorien Elf undid his flies, freeing himself for his work. He took a small crystal bottle of sweet oil and he poured a bit in his palm and readied himself and Aragorn in a no-nonsense manner, while Legolas knelt at the end of the bench and kissed the Man deeply. Aragorn slowly reached up with his numb arms and took hold of his precious Elf by the hair. He gasped when Haldir entered him roughly then moaned and bucked his hips as the 'Lorien Elf rocked inside him.

Legolas stood and Aragorn took hold of his buttocks, pulling him towards his face. “My lord, I wish to–-aaahhhrrgh!” Haldir pressed against that blissful spot and the Man lost control of his speech. He thrashed about in a third climax and Haldir hooted in happiness, causing Legolas to giggle helplessly.

Haldir soon lost his own control, hearing his love’s silvery laugh. He thrust into Aragorn brutally several times and then groaned as if mortally wounded. He collapsed on the Man, sucking in breath like a bellows, his own lovely pale gold hair in disarray upon the Man’s chest..

“Well, my dear Estel, you have undone Haldir with your charms,” Legolas chuckled. Haldir staggered upward and withdrew, still erect, not having spent himself. That was for his love alone.

“Do you want to taste him?” Haldir whispered to Aragorn as he walked up to Legolas and stroked the lovely cock.

Aragorn shivered and moaned, “Yes, please, I beg you.” He flexed his legs restlessly on the bench.

“Like this?” Haldir went on his knees before his love and took him gently in his mouth, lips and tongue worshipping him.

Aragorn began to pant. “Yessss,” he hissed. Legolas had closed his eyes, his hands trembling in Haldir’s hair.

“How many times are you willing to bring him to his peak, Estel?” Haldir asked, pausing in his work.

The Man licked his lips. “As many times as he’ll allow me.” Legolas groaned. Haldir got up and gently bent his love over Aragorn’s face so that the Prince was facing the Man’s groin and his hair fell against the Man’s belly. Legolas gripped the sides of the bench and gasped as Aragorn took him deeply into his mouth. In this position he could not help rocking his hips and Haldir was consumed with lust at the wanton sight.

He took again the bottle of sweet oil and pulled down Legolas’ leather breeches, exposing his exquisite rump. Taking much more time with his love than he had with Aragorn, Haldir prepared him tenderly. Legolas moaned and rocked his cock deeper into Aragorn’s mouth. Haldir entered his love slowly, angling his hips to give the most pleasure. Caught between the eager mouth of the King and the slow thrusting of his beloved, Legolas cried out in his second climax of the evening.

Arwen held Lily in her lap as they watched the males pleasure each other. The girl gasped and shuddered at the Lady’s stroking hand between her thighs and the sight of her Elf Lords’ lovemaking. It was a sight she never grew tired of, so beautiful was it. To her, they were two golden gods that had rescued her from a hellish life to one of pleasure and comfort, and only asked for her pleasure in return. She would gladly die for them.

Knowing her Lords intimately, she could tell Haldir would spend himself in his beloved, as Legolas would do in the mouth of the Man Estel. Indeed it was only moments later that Haldir threw back his head and shouted in Elvish something that sounded like an incantation to her ignorant ears. The Lady suddenly held her tightly and Lily could feel her tremble. Legolas sobbed in response and shouted his reply as he spent himself as well.

Lily knew something miraculous happened when they did this; she could feel it in her bones, like an electrical current. Her body responded to the magic of their passion and she cried out at her own completion.

She roused to Arwen’s lips on her mouth and the sight of her lords embracing and kissing each other with fervor.

“My Lady,” she asked Arwen, never having dared to ask her lords. “What did they say to each other?”

Arwen smiled. “They declared their eternal love for each other to the Valar and their fёar–-their spirits–-discorporated and joined as one.”

Lily lay her head back down against the Lady’s silky shoulder and sighed with awe. She had known it must be something wonderful, but the truth amazed her.

Aragorn sat up slowly and stared at the Elves with the strangest look on his face. He turned his head to look at his wife and his lips stretched in a smile of singular sweetness.

“My love,” the Lady whispered, her body trembling.

Haldir reluctantly released his Prince and turned to the Man. “Estel. You have been a very good lad.” He reached over and removed the nipple clamps and released the belt from the Man’s cock and balls. “Go claim your reward.” Lily got up from the Lady’s lap and Estel made his shaky way to his wife.

They came together with such violence that Lily was afraid the Lady would be injured. She looked with trepidation at Legolas standing next to her but he smiled and whispered, “Do not fear, little one. She is an Elf and can withstand much.” His warm, strong arms came around her and Lily fell sighing into his embrace, feeling loved and safe. Haldir joined them, wrapping his arms around the two of them and kissing each of their foreheads.

They stood quietly and watched the two lovers strive to reach their own completion.