Emma’s Surprise
by RPRough01

Emma gets fucked in a club, she is just not sure by who.

Emma was walking down the street in Belfast when she got a text from Sam 'meet me at the new strip club on Great Victoria Street'.

Emma had no clue what Sam was on about, but she had a few drinks and thought what was the worst could happen in there - see some naked women and that's it, although no doubt Sam had other ideas.

When she got to the club the bouncer looked her up and down slowly - clearly her plunging neckline showing off her epic deep cleavage had an impact on him. As he just stared at her large tits she interrupted him

'Can I go in please?'

'No problem, your Emma right?'

'Erm...how did you know that' Emma replied, a bit nervous.

'Sam told us to look out for a sexy drop dead gorgeous blonde with an amazing smile and bit tits, can only be you' he said, as he looked her up and down.

Emma was embarrassed.

'Ok, why did Sam tell you to look out for me?'

'Oh you will find out, go in this side door please'.

To her left was a door marked 'staff only' which the doorman opened for her.

As she walked inside she could feel the heat and loud noise from the bar, lots of cheering and clinking of glasses. The room she went into was like a dressing room in the films - lots of big mirrors with lights around them, and a few floor to ceiling poles, for the strippers to practice on she guessed.

She was feeling a bit tipsy, so thought about having a go on one of the poles in the empty room, but was interrupted as a girl in nothing but a tiny thong walked in, her small boobs bouncing as she walked in, on show for anyone to see.

'You must be Emma, Sam has a birthday surprise for you' the almost naked girl told Emma, flashing bright white teeth at her.

Emma was totally confused, and wanted to leave.

'Here, put this on, trust me you will enjoy the surprise' she said as she handed Emma a sheer see though body stocking.

'Is that it, a porn star's outfit? What is going on, I am not a stripper!' Emma said to the obviously real stripper.

'Oh don't worry, we are all strippers when it comes to it' the girl laughed.

'When your ready, walk through the door marked 'stage'.

Emma was so confused she didn't know what to do or think. But she trusted Sam, so found an empty chair and stripped down, and got into the tiny outfit. It was practically invisible.

Looking in the mirror even she had to admit she looked sexy - pretty face with beautiful eyes, movie star white teeth, big full tits pushed up high by the support in the stocking, the true hour glass figure that could get Sam going in seconds.

Nervous, she walked though the stage door, through a heavy set of thick red velvet curtains. Inside was a small room, with another set of velvet curtains which obviously led to the stage. She was about to turn around and run out when a large muscle clad man in a tight white t shirt and black trousers appeared out of a dark corner and looked her up and down, staring at her rock hard nipples advertising themselves though the sheer material, which was just about holding her tits in.

Smiling he said 'Put this on and walk on in, Sam is waiting for you', and handed her a very effective blindfold.

Embarrassed at this body builder staring at her exposed body, she put it on, knowing it was the drink making her this brave.

Blindfolded she felt in front of her to go through the curtain. Suddenly the body builder groped the bare cheeks of her ass, sliding a finger between her legs, only the thin sheer material keeping his big warm hands separated from her most intimate parts.

That made her push faster through the heavy thick curtains. As they parted everything went silent, but a heavy humid heat get hit her instantly, as well as a sense she was being watched.

'Hi Emma, you're looking good', Sam's voice broke the silence out of the darkness after what felt like an eternity.

Emma could not tell exactly where the voice was coming from, but probably behind her. The heat was really getting to her, she could feel little beads of sweat forming on her forehead and the small of her back, as well as between her thighs. She thought it was sweet, but could not be sure as the mixture of standing almost naked, not knowing where she was and trying to guess what Sam was about to do was making not just her back damp.

As she tried to look up to sneak a look under he tight fitting blind fold, the firm grasp of someone's strong hands around her wrists snapped her concentration back to the present.

The hands felt warm and firm against the skin in her wrists, and forced her hands down to her sides, then back behind her back. The next sensation, heightened by her lack of sight was something wide and firm enclosing each wrist, then a loud click as whatever it was restraining her wrists together snapped shut. Not the first time Sam had tied her up she thought, as her hands brushed some warm flesh behind her - Sam's stomach she thought.

All of a sudden a terrible thought hit her - it was Sam wasn't it? Her stomach flipped as she tried to grab behind her to feel for Sam's body, she would know it anywhere. But all she got was empty air as the man behind her stepped away, leaving her restrained and defenceless in the middle of whatever room or space she was in. She felt even more exposed now, a flash of danger entered her for the first time. But just a flash, because Sam was here.

She could just about make out some movement around her from the little sounds there were, the blindfold was covering her ears too, disorientating her.

Trying to listen to clues as to what was going she jumped as something warm and wet clamped around her left nipple, making her scream slightly at the shock. The mouth clamped in, teasing her hard nipple with the wet and hot tongue as Sam's - it must be Sam - hand slowly traced a circle around her other nipple and down over the swell of her breast, down over her tummy to find the outline of the lips marking the entrance her vagina.. Slowly his hand teased her by rubbing around the elastic edge of the body stocking around her thigh and the swell of her ass, just the tip of his finger slipping underneath against her warm skin.

The mouth on her nipple was making her want more, and she found herself pushing her groin forward, trying to get the fingers teasing her over the flimsily fabric to make contact with her intimate parts.

As she softly moaned at the teasing, everything stopped. She was alone again, one nipple feeling hard and sensitive, the saliva making it feel cooler than the other one, having seep straight though the sheer material. The heat between her legs was getting more intense as a set of hands from behind grabbed her around the waist, pushing her forward, hard.

She could feel naked skin against her back as she was pushed forward, losing her balance and falling forward with no control. She braced to hit the floor hard, unable to free her hands from the restraint behind her back, waiting for the pain of hitting the floor.

But it never happened - she fell forward into something soft instead, cushioning her fall as she landed face first into something - a bed? A sofa? It smelt it clean washing and lavender, like massage oil.

Next the man behind her used his foot to kick her legs out wide, spreading them open. She imagined what she looked like - half naked, beads of sweat gently running down her hot skin, hands tied behind her back bent over something, with her legs spread open, tits having out and covered in spit. Lost in that thought the sudden and rough ripping of her suit made her jump - again.

The man behind her has ripped the crotch open on her outfit exposing her now naked and bare vagina to the open air. Before she could work out what was happening, something hard and big pushed against her unprotected opening - which was now soaking wet judging by the sound when he forced it - his big hard dick obviously - up and down the entrance. It almost slid straight in she was so wet, but he kept rubbing it up and down her entrance, letting her feel the width, and the big fat veins pumping blood around the hard thick shaft.

His two big strong hands grabbed her hips and pulled them towards her, slamming his rock hard massive cock deep inside her, all the way until he was buried so far it side her she could feel his balls slamming into her and his fat head banging her cervix, and head there, making his cock swell inside her.

As she called out in a mixture of shock and pleasure, he pulled back and lined up for a second thrust, placing his hands in her bound hands making an intimate connection as he buried his cock in her for the second time. It felt even bigger and more forceful the second time.

Grabbing her by the hips again he started to fuck her hard and strong, building up speed and Emma felt that uncontrollable feeling build deep inside her pussy, the waves started to wash over her.

'Sam, I am going to cum if you keep doing that' she shouted, all of a sudden needing confirmation that it was defiantly Sam fucking her brains out from behind.

'Sam'?

No response, apart form an increase in speed, intensity and sheer brutality of the fucking.

It was all too much as a wave of pleasure spread form between her legs to her whole body, she clamped her tight pussy around the big fat cock abusing her, so tight that she felt him slam it in ever harder and pull her hips back towards his body. His hard, big cock exploded inside her, pumping shot after shot his sperm deep inside her. Thrust after thrust kept coming, until his balls were emptied inside her, his cum running down his pulsating shaft and over the inside of her thighs.

He pushed it in gently one more time as her pussy got so sensitive she had to stop, his big cock twitching inside as the last of his cum got pushed inside her.

His hands were placed on the top of his head, then run slowly down the side of her face, down her now wet with sweat neck, down the side of her chest until they reachers where her sexy hips flared out.

As he squeezed her sharply ass, his big still swollen cock flopped out of her, making a wet suction sound as it slid out.

She was alone again. Legs spread, bent over, covered in sweat, pussy exposed with cum running out of it and down her legs, ripped suit and her tits hanging out, forced out from the fucking.

She came to her senses a bit more, maybe the rough fucking sobered her up a bit.

Who just fucked her from behind? And who was watching? She really didn't know. Her pussy tightened at the thought.

'Time for round two' Sam whispered gently in her ear.

'See if you can tell the difference this time'.

All Emma could do was hope Sam had just fucked her.

And hope that whoever it was, would do it again, even harder.
