Deliciously Naked
by Schlank

Deliciously Naked Ch. 02

She runs naked through the woods,

Now that I was Elizabeth's sexual plaything, she told me that I would be obligated to get naked in the woods or on public streets or other places where I would be at risk of being seen by total strangers. This information both terrified me and thrilled me to my sexual core.

One of the first public spectacles where I was forced to expose myself resulted in me getting detention. I was wondering what sort of consequences might result from future acts Elizabeth forced me to perform.

"We're going out to the woods," Elizabeth informed me when she'd finished planning another of her bizarre displays. "I know somebody who has a cabin out in Campo Verde. She's going to let us use the cabin for the weekend."

The wicked smile on her face told me something was up.

"You're going to turn this into a big production where I get naked in front of strangers, aren't you?" I asked.

"Maybe," she said, her smile becoming somehow even more sinister.

I knew something was up, but Elizabeth built up my apprehension by not telling me any of the details for what she was planning. The suspense was killing me.

It was Saturday, April the 4th when we drove out to Campo Verde. We had the cabin for two whole days, but Elizabeth didn't want to waste a single second, so we got into her car around 6:00 am and headed out before sunrise.

The woods of Camp Verde are thick with trees, but there are no paved roads and no cellphone towers out there. As we drove deeper and deeper into the woods, I felt like we had gone back in time to the nineteenth century.

Before we ever reached the cabin, Elizabeth pulled over and stopped the car. There was no cabin in sight. We were miles away from the nearest paved road, gas station or general store. I asked why we were stopping and that's when Elizabeth told me to get out of the car and strip naked.

"What?" I asked. "Now?"

"Right now," she said firmly. "From the looks of things, you and I are the only ones around for miles. If you refuse to get naked here, you're not any fun at all."

I looked out the window and all I could see was trees, moss, and a few curious birds, perched nearby. Getting naked outside would take me outside of my comfort zone, but it seemed to me that we were alone in the woods.

"And, darling, try to remember," Elizabeth said softly, "if you don't do what I say, I get to punish you."

Elizabeth and I hadn't discussed punishments yet, so I had no idea what sort of punishments she had in mind, however, the way she said the word "punishment" gave me an emotional jolt every time she said it. It spurred me into action, and I got out of the car so quickly it was like she had pointed a gun at my head.

I didn't say anything out loud, but the thought of being out in the woods without a single stitch of clothing triggered my libido. It had something to do with being naked outdoors. It made me feel more vulnerable and exposed.

By the time I began to unbutton my blouse, Elizabeth had gotten out of the car and was watching me intently. When I had removed my blouse and my bra, Elizabeth took them both and tossed them into the trunk of her car.

My shoes were next and then I squirmed awkwardly out of my skintight jeans. Elizabeth took those from me, and they soon ended up in the trunk as well. My socks were the last things I took off and then I was standing there in the woods, stark naked.

"You look adorable," Elizabeth said. "It's a shame I can't keep you like this all the time."

Being utterly naked and exposed made me far more submissive and vulnerable. During the drive out to Campo Verde, I had felt pretty much like Elizabeth, and I were equals. Once I was naked, I instantly felt as if she vastly outranked me.

"The cabin is about a mile in that direction," Elizabeth said as she pointed. "If you follow the dirt road, you can get there pretty quickly. The downside of that plan is that there are hunters, bird watchers and anglers that use this road, so unless you want to get ogled by an ornithologist, I suggest you go through the woods."

"The woods?" I asked, looking towards the thick growth of trees to my left and right. It didn't look like a hospitable environment for a naked girl. Somewhere an owl hooted.

"It's up to you," Elizabeth replied. "There are no bears or coyotes in these woods. There are some deer, but they tend to run away from humans. They're harmless."

I tried to remember what other sorts of animals might live in the woods. Would I run into something that might hurt me? Surely Elizabeth did her research before dropping me off naked out here, right? I mean, we were still friends. She wouldn't want me to get hurt.

While I was having my silent inner dilemma, Elizabeth got back in her car and drove off. My heart pounded frantically in my chest, I was naked, and all alone out in the woods! I used my hands to cover my boobs and I began my barefoot trek, in urgent search of the cabin.

Walking barefoot through the woods isn't like walking barefoot through a suburban neighborhood. There were acorns, dead leaves, and other debris on the ground. It seemed that with every step I took I was stepping on something painful or gross.

The ground was covered in wild grasses, weeds, hellebores, and the occasional tree root. Elizabeth said that the cabin was only a mile away, but when you're walking barefoot and naked through such scraggly, unkempt wilderness, it makes the distance seem ten times as long.

I felt exposed, vulnerable, and frightened. I was rethinking my decision and wondering if this whole fieldtrip was a bad idea. I felt certain that I should never have agreed to this, yet there I was, doing it anyway.

My heart pounded like a wild thing in my chest. I was frightened by all the possible consequences, but I was still excited. As I crept cautiously through the forest and tall weeds brushed against my naked thighs a shameless wave of desire flooded my entire body. It was bizarre, but my fear and my arousal seemed to be inextricably linked.

My nipples became blatantly erect, and my sex throbbed as I walked through weeds, tall grasses, and other unpleasant things. There was nobody there to see me, but there was still the thrill of being exposed and deliciously vulnerable.

I couldn't see the cabin from where I was, and I was forced to take Elizabeth's word that I was heading in the right direction. The fear of not knowing if I was headed towards a safe haven, and what sort of hazards I would encounter along the way was somehow delicious and darkly thrilling.

I walked past dozens of trees and through hundreds of weeds, some of which were tall enough to brush up against my sensitive, swollen pubic lips. Some of the weeds were scratchy and irritated my calves and thighs as I walked through them. I whimpered as my bare legs were assaulted by weeds, but I kept moving forward. I was feeling increasingly vulnerable and exposed, and I was savoring the feeling.

It felt intensely erotic, baring my naked body to the warmth of the sun and the slight breezes of the outdoors. My bare feet crunched on dead leaves, and I felt like some sort of naked sex slave who had escaped from my mistress and could be caught at any moment. Then, as I was getting lost in my fantasy, I suddenly heard voices and the sounds of footsteps tromping through thick vegetation.

The voices were far away but getting closer. They sounded like female voices, and I could make out a few words as they closed the distance between me and them. I was able to make out the word "lake" and the phrase "it's this way."

It sounded as if there was a brief, spirited disagreement and then the voices headed straight towards me, accelerating with alarming speed.

I panicked and scrambled towards the thickest tree in my vicinity and pressed my naked body up against it, hoping that it would block the two (or possibly more than two) approaching strangers from discovering me.

I felt simultaneously feverishly hot and bone-chilling cold as I trembled, on the verge of a panic attack. The two women (and a third person who may have been male) passed by without noticing me. I changed my position several times to keep the trunk of the tree obscuring me from their view. I used my hands to cover my breasts and did my best to remain quiet as a mouse until they made their way out of my hearing range.

I let out a sigh of relief when they were gone and wiped sweat from my brow. Dear God, that was close! They had come within a few inches of my hiding place without seeing me!

That was an intense experience. It was terrifying, but as I looked down, I realized that my nipples were stiffer and more enlarged than I'd ever seen them. My body had responded to the fear and potential humiliation of getting caught with acute sexual arousal.

My sex throbbed, and I was tempted to reach down between my legs and finger myself before making my way to the cabin. I was feverish with sexual excitement, and I felt a need to do something about it, but I also wanted to reach the safety of the cabin before anyone else stumbled upon my hiding place.

My breathing gradually slowed, and my heartbeat eased up a bit. My bare boobs rose and fell as my breathing slowly came back under control. That near miss had been terrifying, but it was also a rush that was so potent, I knew I wanted more. This sort of risky behavior was going to become an addiction for me, I just knew it.

Eventually, I made a break for it and ran across the forest as quickly as I could towards the cabin. I had a surplus of adrenaline in my bloodstream, and I used it for sprinting naked across the forest. It seemed that I had never felt as alive as I did in that moment. My whole body tingled as the wind caressed my naked skin.

I ran deeper and deeper into the forest and made my way up a steep hill and my legs propelled me forward until I saw a wood cabin in the distance. At the sight of the cabin, I urged my legs to pump even faster, and I hurtled through the woods like a speed demon. I only weigh 99 pounds and I have strong calves and thighs, so when I want to, I can attain fantastic speeds.

The only problem is, running through forest terrain in your bare feet is totally different from running on a school running track in running shoes. I ended up slipping on something wet and squishy and falling down, ass over shoulders, tumbling in an ungraceful roll across the ground before coming to a jarring stop.

"Ugh," I groaned as I lay on the ground. "That sucked."

Apparently, I was close enough to the cabin when I fell that Elizabeth heard the commotion. Or possibly, she had been watching the whole thing from a distance and saw me fall. Either way, she came out of the cabin, rushed over and asked, "Scarlett, are you okay?"

I sat up and looked up at my friend. I was naked and sitting in dirt and dead leaves, feeling foolish, while she was fully clothed, standing tall and looking dignified.

"I'm okay," I said. "Only my pride was hurt."

Suddenly, it started to rain, and Elizabeth walked me to the front door of the cabin. I felt relieved that I had made it to the cabin without anyone catching a glimpse of my naked ass, my boobs or my overexcited nipples. Then, I got inside the cabin and heard a female voice call out, "Scarlett!"

What the hell?

I covered my boobs with one arm and placed a hand protectively over my shaved pubes and gave Elizabeth a look of shock and outrage.

Elizabeth gave me an innocent look and said, "Oh, I forgot to mention, this cabin belongs to Lexi, and she wouldn't let me use it unless I told her why I wanted it. And then she insisted that I couldn't use it unless she got to see you naked."

"Technically, the cabin belongs to my parents," Lexi elaborated, "but they let me use it whenever, so it's not much of a distinction."

"Lizzie!" I protested.

"Hey," Elizabeth retorted, "you're the one who gets excited when you're objectified and forced to get naked for an audience. I'm just trying to make you happy."

"Yeah, Scarlett," Lexi said as she ambled over towards me, "but you don't seem all that happy to see me."

Lexi was eighteen years old and one of the girls on my high school cheerleading squad. Ordinarily she's congenial, helpful and polite, however, when she saw me naked her whole demeanor changed. It was like she was a wolf, and I was a slow-moving, delicious herbivore and she was moving in to take a bite out of me. She stared at me with intense, electric-blue eyes and I squirmed nervously under her piercing gaze.

"I wasn't expecting Lizzie to involve any of my friends in...this," I replied as she drew dangerously close and licked her lips. She was fully clothed, while I was defenseless and naked. I truly felt as if Lexi was a predator, and I was prey. And then Elizabeth broke in and said to Lexi, "Would you like to touch her?"

Lexi's eyes were bright and intense. She told Elizabeth that she would very much like to touch me, so Elizabeth ordered me to place my hands behind the back of my neck and thrust my chest out to make it easier for Lexi to feel me up.

"Lizzie!" I exclaimed, my voice filled with outrage, but she dismissed my feelings and insisted that I had to follow her orders no matter how difficult they might be.

"I'm bigger and stronger than you," Elizabeth reminded me. "If you won't place your hands behind your neck willingly, I can always force them back there and tie you up with ropes."

I met Elizabeth's gaze and stared her down. At first, I thought she was bluffing, but the serious look in her eyes made me think she would really go ahead and do it. She was being the alpha female, and she was expecting me to submit. If I didn't submit, it would make her look weak in front of Lexi. She would almost have to follow through on her threat to make herself seem strong and reassert her dominance.

At least, that's how I had read the situation.

I sighed, reluctantly laced my fingers together behind my neck and thrust my boobs out as if offering them up as a gift for Lexi to do with whatever she wished.

"Oh, goodie," Lexi said as she reached for my bare breasts. "Your boobs are so cute."

Lexi cupped my defenseless breasts and lifted them up slightly before kneading them like pizza dough. My breasts aren't very large, however, they're high and firm and Lexi seemed to be endlessly fascinated with them.

Lexi was a good five inches taller than me, and she was wearing jeans and a V-neck t-shirt, while I was naked with my nipples and my pubic lips indecently exposed. She was my friend, but I suddenly felt extremely intimidated by her.

Then, Lexi removed her hands from my boobs and without warning, one of her hands was between my thighs and she cupped the tender flesh of puffy labia. I instinctively closed my legs together, but Elizabeth admonished me and told me to spread my legs wide and allow Lexi unrestricted access to my pussy.

"But, Lizzie!" I protested.

Lexi commented that my pussy was soaking wet, and I felt myself blushing red hot with embarrassment. It was shameful to be exhibited naked and felt up by one of my friends, but Elizabeth insisted that I had to let Lexi treat me this way.

"It's for your own good," Elizabeth assured me. "You have a psychological need to be humiliated and objectified. Also, if you don't spread your legs for Lexi, I'll be forced to punish you."

Reluctantly, I slid my feet apart and left my sex defenseless and exposed. Lexi took advantage of my vulnerability and rubbed her fingers along the cleft of my sex, causing my nether lips to become even more swollen and stimulated. There was a feverish rush of sexual energies and I gasped as I felt fear, humiliation and libidinous excitement all at the same time. I wanted Lexi to leave me alone, but I also wanted her to continue what she was doing. It was so difficult for me to decide what I should do, but Elizabeth took all my decisions away from me and ordered me to spread my legs wide and make myself vulnerable.

I was overwhelmed by a cocktail of potent emotions as my friend did deliciously naughty things to my delicate pubic lips and my swollen clitoris. It seemed wrong for me to expose my naked body to Lexi and let her finger my pussy, but if I resisted in any way, Elizabeth's voice of authority demanded obedience and I was forced to let Lexi have her way with me.

There was something wonderfully dark and delicious about not being in control. I gasped and panted as I felt helpless, victimized and at the same time so intensely sexually aroused that my legs became wobbly, and I needed Elizabeth's help to keep from collapsing to the floor.

Next, Lexi placed her mouth over mine, and kissed me fervently as her fingers worked their way into the gap between my swollen nether lips.

I was being impaled in two places. Lexi worked her tongue deep into my mouth and her fingers deep into my pussy. I was carried away, savoring the sensations of having Lexi's fingers and tongue inside of me and I reached out and wrapped my arms around Lexi's torso. Her body was firm, toned and felt deliciously warm. My hands began to wander up and down her spine, but then Elizabeth grabbed one of my wrists and pulled my hand away.

"Scarlett! What do you think you're doing?" Elizabeth demanded.

"What?" I asked as Lexi pulled away and I felt deeply disappointed that she was no longer touching me.

"I said that Lexi could touch you," Elizabeth explained. "I never said you could touch her! Why were your hands on Lexi?"

I was at a loss for an answer. My body just responded to the sensations I was experiencing. I tried to explain this to Elizabeth, but she didn't like my answers.

"I demand total obedience," Elizabeth said. "If you don't have the self-control to keep your hands to yourself, I guess I'll just have to tie you up."

Lexi smiled nastily and went to fetch rope. Apparently, Elizabeth was planning on tying me up all along and had dozens of lengths of rope prepared in advance and when Lexi returned, she brought enough rope to tie up at least four people.

"Please don't," I pleaded and I backed away from both Lexi and Elizabeth, although secretly I was hoping they would ignore my pleas. The idea of being naked, bound and helpless excited me tremendously. I wanted to be helpless, but some instinct inside of me made me feel honor bound to protest. Perhaps, I wanted to see what would happen if I rebelled against Elizabeth's commands.

"Do the dominant women in your stories show mercy when their victims beg and plead?" Elizabeth asked. Of course, we both knew the answer to that question.

In my stories, disobedient girls were forced to obey, and that's what happened to me. Elizabeth and Lexi advanced on me and my arms were grabbed and forced behind my back. My wrists were securely tied, and then Elizabeth wound some ropes just above my elbows. I groaned as she pulled my elbows painfully close together, causing my arms and shoulders to pull back behind me. My chest was forced forward, pushing my breasts up and out.

I felt an intense pulsing in my loins when I realized that I was helpless, and no amount of struggling would allow me to get free.

Something about being naked and helpless in rope bondage made me feel proud, as if having my wrists and elbows tied behind my back was a major accomplishment. I struggled against the ropes to assure myself that I couldn't get free. And when my struggles accomplished nothing, I felt a deep sense of satisfaction.

I wasn't willing to admit that I was enjoying being helpless, so I tried complaining to try and cover up my unusual reactions.

"Ouch!" I blurted out loudly, "That's really tight. I won't be able to . . ."

"Stop complaining," Elizabeth said. "You're young, healthy and flexible. You should be able to handle some tight bondage. Lexi, she's being a brat. Would you smack her bottom for me?"

Lexi raised her hand and gave me three sharp smacks on my bare bottom.

"Ouch!" I cried out again. "That hurt!"

"You're our prisoner now," Lexi said playfully. "I've never had a beautiful girl as my prisoner before. This could be a lot of fun for me.

Suddenly, Lexi's mouth was on mine again. It quickly became obvious that Lexi liked to kiss. It was one of the first things she did once she had me helpless and she did it passionately.

Being kissed while bound was far sexier than being kissed while my hands were free. My feelings of helplessness made the experience far more intense and stimulating. I moaned as Lexi's tongue crept into my mouth once again. My entire body tingled, and my heart pounded in my chest like a crazy thing.

"You look so tempting, all tied up and helpless," Lexi said after she broke from our kiss and took my stiff nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. I felt my blood surge as her clever fingers stroked and rolled my sensitive nips. "There are so many things I wanna do to you."

I couldn't touch Lexi, but she touched me everywhere. Standing naked with my arms tied behind my back while Lexi was fully clothed and free to toy with my naked body at her leisure made me feel more exposed and vulnerable than at any point of my life. I was tingly with anticipation, eager to see what Lexi would do to me next.

Before attending to my pussy again, Lexi laid one hand on my abdomen and delicately stroked it. I enjoyed the sensation of her touching me there, although what I really wanted was for her hand to travel lower and to work some magic on my swollen clit.

"You're so firm and so toned," Lexi purred as she ran her hands across my abdomen and then down to my firm thighs, bypassing my shaved loins completely.

"Aaaahhhh, aaahhh, aaahhh," I gasped inarticulately as Lexi's hands excited nerve endings all over my body, but made no effort to finger me to orgasm. She squeezed my buttocks, pulled my ass cheeks wide apart and gently stroked the delicate flesh of my anus, kissed the sides of my neck, smoothed her hands up and down my calves and thighs and even examined the soles of my feet.

I spread my legs wider and wider, hoping that Lexi would take the hint and thrust her fingers deep inside my vagina, but she refused to take hints from me. My eyes widened and I gasped when she finally began to stroke my bare pubes. The soft fold of my pubic lips rapidly became moist with my juices and like one of the characters in my stories, I said, "May I cum, Lexi?"

Since I was acting like a submissive character from one of my stories, I suppose I should have anticipated Lexi would act like one of the dominant characters from one of my stories.

"No, you may not," Lexi said imperiously. Her fingers impaled my sex and probed around my moist interior, however, she sadistically pulled her fingers out a few seconds before I was able to reach climax.

I gasped and strained against the ropes that constrained my arms. It was an intimate sort of suffering to be driven so close to a potent orgasm and then to have my orgasm snatched away.

"You're being mean!" I complained to Lexi, and I gave her a pouting look.

"Of course, I am," Lexi admitted. "You have a deep desire for utter submission and humiliation. And I've agreed to help you experience those things."

I didn't like to admit to my sexual desires out loud, so I just bit my lip and said nothing in response to Lexi's statement. Then Lexi held up her hand. Two or three of her fingers were glistening with copious amounts of my sexual juices and she ordered me to lick her fingers clean.

It was incredibly kinky and humiliating, but I licked my libidinous juices off her fingers. Perhaps I licked them off a little too eagerly. I had meant to act petulant and oppressed, but I was so amped up on sexual energies I forgot myself for a moment.

"Now, lick between my fingers," Lexi ordered and then I realized that Elizabeth had been video-recording the entire interaction between Lexi and me on her phone.

"Lizzie, what are you going to do with that video?" I asked tremulously.

"I dunno," Elizabeth replied. "Maybe I'll take some screen grabs and turn them into my screen saver. Or maybe I'll email the video to all the girls on the cheerleading squad. Or maybe I'll email it to Ms. Streng. I'm pretty sure that she's gay. I think she'd enjoy a video like this. Or maybe I'll do nothing with it. I have a lot of options open to me."

I licked away my juices from the areas between Lexi's fingers and in between licks I pleaded with Elizabeth not to share that video with anyone. It would be far more humiliation than I could bear if that video ever got out.

"I'll think about it," Elizabeth said, sounding blasé about it. "It's an adorable video. You should see the look on your face when Lexi refuses to give you an orgasm. The look of disappointment and sexual suffering on your face is so yummy!"

I groaned, and Elizabeth made a video recording of that too. Elizabeth wasn't too bright when it came to American history or English literature, however, she was a frigging genius when it came to analyzing my masochistic sexual needs and orchestrating scenes that plunged me deep into the objectification, helplessness, humiliation and abuse that I secretly craved.

I blushed hotly and continued to worry about who might see that pornographic video of me getting fingered and licking my own sexual juices from Lexi's hand. And then Elizabeth unzipped her jeans and stepped out of them. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and pulled them down.

When she was naked from the waist down, she sat on a leather upholstered ottoman and sternly ordered, "Scarlett, pleasure me."

Elizabeth's voice was suddenly heavy with authority. It was the sort of voice that was accustomed to giving commands and having them obeyed. Without thinking, I dropped to my knees and awkwardly crawled over to my friend. The hardwood floor was rough on my knees, and I couldn't use my hands to assist me as my arms were cruelly bound behind my back, but when I heard that rich, commanding voice give me an order, it seemed that I was compelled to obey, no matter how difficult or awkward the task.

When I reached Elizabeth, I lowered my head into her lap and nuzzled her pink, swollen pubic lips with my face before gently brushing my tongue across them. I licked at the swollen folds of Elizabeth's beautiful vulva and Elizabeth moaned.

I heard the floorboards creak behind me and then it occurred to me that Lexi was watching me as I licked my friend's pussy. I was submissively on my knees, naked with my face deep in Elizabeth's crotch, getting her juices on my tongue, my lips and even on my chin. From now on, every time Lexi saw me, she would remember how I was ordered to crawl across the room on my knees and lick pussy while my arms were tied painfully behind my back. It was very humbling to think about, and I knew it would change my relationship with Lexi forever.

I worked my tongue diligently into Elizabeth's moist, pink slit, but at some point, I came up for air and I looked over at Lexi. I felt my face heat up with embarrassment as I realized Lexi had been filming me as I probed Elizabeth's pussy with my tongue. Embarrassing, pornographic videos of me seemed to be multiplying. How many mortifying videos would there be of me by the time the school year ended? There was nothing I could do to stop Lexi, so I just went back to licking Elizabeth's glistening pubic lips.

"Aaahhh," Elizabeth moaned. And then her moans became louder, and her thighs trembled as I licked the pink hood away from her swollen clitoris. Before long, her moans became piercing cries and then her hips rose abruptly off the ottoman, and she stiffened.

"Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!" she cried. She panted uncontrollably as she rode her powerful orgasm to the end. It seemed to take forever for the panting and the writhing to stop and then she went limp and reclined on the ottoman, utterly relaxed, savoring the post orgasmic bliss.

"Oh, damn!" Lexi exclaimed from somewhere behind me. She sounded deeply impressed with the intensity of Elizabeth's orgasm.

"Please tell me that felt as awesome as it looked."

Elizabeth continued to lie stretched out boneless across the ottoman and replied dreamily, "There are no words in the English language to describe how awesome that felt."

Lexi's eyes went wide open, and her mouth made an 'O' before she closed it. She seemed to be fascinated by my demonstration of what I could do with my tongue and her demeanor utterly changed. Before she had been all playful arrogance, now she seemed to be awestruck. There was a long, extended silence as Lexi processed this new and gripping information and then she finally said, "I want her to do me next."

"Of course," Elizabeth replied languidly. Then she sat up and said, "Lexi, take your clothes off. Scarlett, be a dear and go work your tongue in Lexi's pussy.

Lexi eagerly shed her clothes and I was ordered to crawl over to her. Once again, the hardwood floor was rough on my knees, however, I savored the feelings of being forced to do something that was difficult and demeaning. I wanted to feel like some sort of naked and abused slave-girl and Lexi and Elizabeth were helping to fulfill that fantasy for me.

She gasped, and I knew Lexi was pleased with the things I was doing to the pink petals of her sex. I worked my tongue diligently between her legs, tasting her juices as I licked every inch of her pink slit, from the bottom to the top. She squirmed her hips in a shameless, wanton manner when my tongue slid over her hard clit, and she made some adorable vowel sounds. I decided to focus all my attention there and Lexi moaned prettily and bucked her hips towards my face. She seemed to be urging me to lick harder or possibly even to take her clit into my mouth, so I tried each approach one after the other. I got my most dramatic results from taking Lexi's pink, swollen clit into my mouth and sucking on it, so I decided to stick with that.

"Ohhhhhh, Gaaawwwwd!" Lexi exclaimed mindlessly as her thighs trembled and her breathing became intensely labored. "Oh, Scarlett!"

There was a lot of excited panting, and Lexi's skin became feverishly hot as she clamped her thighs around my skull and demanded that I not stop what I was doing. I obediently continued to suck on her hard clit and then felt a remarkable sense of satisfaction as Lexi let out several impassioned screams when the orgasm finally hit.

I spent most of that day on my knees. My friends ordered me around like I was their slave and I licked them to five or six orgasms each. We took breaks for food and water and showers when we became unbearably sweaty, but I spent most of the day with my face in between Lexi and Elizabeth's thighs.

It became obvious that day that my relationship with Lexi and Elizabeth had changed dramatically. I used to be treated as if I were their equal and deserving of the same privileges as them. On that day I was sexually stimulated and frustrated until my clit ached with an urgent throbbing, but Lexi and Elizabeth refused to provide me with any sexual relief.

"The girls in your stories are made to suffer. They provide their mistresses with lots and lots of orgasms, while they themselves get none. You need to experience that."

* * *

I woke up the next morning in a tangle of arms and legs and torsos. Elizabeth, Lexi and I had all fallen asleep in the same bed and when I woke up the next morning, I was sort of pinned underneath both of them. I had spent most of my life sleeping alone, so I was unaccustomed to being trapped underneath warm bodies first thing in the morning. Also, my bladder was full, and I couldn't make my way to the toilet until I got disentangled from all those arms and legs and whatnot that were weighing me down.

"I have to pee!" I complained and in response, Elizabeth made a barely audible grunting noise. Lexi mumbled something that sounded vaguely like "shut up, more sleep." My bladder was still full, so I changed tactics slightly and yelled out, "Let me out of this bed, or I'm gonna pee right here!"

That got a productive response. Both women stirred from their slumber and pulled back enough that I was able to scooch my butt off the bed and make my way to the bathroom. The cabin was eerily quiet as I padded barefoot down the hall, and I crept silently, trying to give Elizabeth and Lexi the option of falling back asleep if they wanted.

After I was done peeing, I stepped out of the bathroom and made my way to the kitchen. There was a coffee maker in there and I was betting that if I brewed a pot, the smell of fresh brewed coffee in the air would be enough to entice my friends to get out of bed.

I scooped coffee into the filter, poured water into the top and programmed the machine to get it started. It was an unfamiliar machine, and I was so focused on figuring out how to use it properly, I didn't even notice when someone entered the kitchen and crept up behind me.

I opened several kitchen cabinets looking for coffee mugs, but all I could find were plates and bowls. Then, from near my left ear, I heard a voice say, "Try looking in the cabinet above the sink."

"Gaaahhhh!" I screamed and twisted around violently before backing away. I got a quick look at the woman who spoke. I didn't recognize her, but she was about five inches taller than me and about five or six years older than me. She was wearing a grey t-shirt and faded blue jeans.

Exposing my naked body in front of a total stranger made me feel mortified and vulnerable. I could feel myself blushing from head to toe and my hands went to cover my breasts and my shaved pubes.

I tried to get my feelings of panic under control. My heart was pounding a million miles a minute and I could feel the heat of my embarrassment coming off me in waves. Of course, for me, humiliation acts like an aphrodisiac. I felt a soft, wet pulse in my sex, which only made me feel more embarrassed and vulnerable.

The mystery woman smiled disarmingly and said, "Wow, you spook easily. You're not going to have a heart attack, are you?"

I was still embarrassed to be naked in front of a fully-clothed stranger, but eventually my feelings of panic subsided, and I said, "No. I'm not gonna have a heart attack." I panted for a few moments as I tried to get my breathing under control and then added, "Who are you, and how did you get in here?"

"I'm Nikki," the smiling, young woman said. "And my family owns this cabin, so I have a key to the front door."

Then she reached into one of the pockets of her faded jeans, fished out a key and held it up near my face.

Her smile turned into a smirk and then she said, "So, who are you and how did you get in here?"

I was still feeling painfully exposed with my naked body on display for Nikki and I found myself to be tongue-tied. And while I was trying to get my feelings of embarrassment and powerlessness under control, a familiar voice chimed in and said, "She's with me."

Both Nikki and I turned towards the sound of that voice and I saw that Lexi had woken up, put on an oversized, long, baggy t-shirt and had padded barefoot out into the kitchen.

Nikki turned to look at me, then she shot a quick look at Lexi before turning to me again and then she said, "Are you sleeping with my sister?"

Oh, God! This was embarrassing! I wished that I could just melt into the floor so I could escape from this awkward encounter!

"Nikki, it's 6:30 in the morning," Lexi interjected grumpily. "It's too early for you to be asking questions about my sex life."

Nikki turned to face her sister and then in an accusatory tone of voice she said, "Ah! So, you admit that she's part of your sex life!"

Lexi made a sound of frustration deep in her throat, rolled her eyes and said, "Scarlett, this is Nikki. She's my annoying older sister. Nikki, this is Scarlett. She's a sweet, innocent girl that I lured up into the cabin so I could have sex with her."

"You are so grumpy in the morning," Nikki accused.

"Yeah? Well, you're annoyingly cheerful," Lexi shot back.

Nikki then leaned into me, placed a hand on my shoulder and intimately confided, "She's always like this first thing in the morning. But don't let that scare you off. Get something hot and caffeinated into her and she perks right up."

Lexi crossed her arms in front of her and said, "Nikki, what are you doing?"

Nikki gave me a reassuring smile and then turned her gaze towards her sister and explained, "I'm just trying to keep you from scaring off Tinkerbell here. It would be a shame if she broke up with you."

Lexi gave her sister a look and said, "Tinkerbell?"

"Yeah, Tinkerbell," Nikki asserted and then she added, "She's small, slender, has fair skin, a pert bottom, rosy cheeks, pink lips and a cute button nose. It's like you seduced a Disney Princess."

"Tinkerbell wasn't a princess," Lexi replied. And then she added, "Although now that you've explained it, I can kinda see your point. I've been having sex with Tinkerbell."

The more Lexi and her sister discussed my physical appearance, the more naked I felt.

I tried to use my hands to cover up my naked body, but the blatant way Nikki and Lexi were staring at me, I felt as if they could see every inch of my female anatomy. Elizabeth had locked my clothes in the trunk of her car, so even if I fled from the kitchen I still couldn't get dressed. Then, things became even more uncomfortable for me when Elizabeth made an appearance, took one look at me and said, "Scarlett! Why are you covering yourself up like that? Your body is supposed to be always on display! Put your hands down this instant!"

My heart sped up and I trembled nervously under Elizabeth's gaze and desperately tried to plead my case. "Lizzie! Lexi's sister is here! I don't want to put my naked body on display for her!"

"Well, I do want you to put your naked body on display for her," Elizabeth said imperiously. "I also want coffee. So, pour me a cup and while you're at it, Lexi and her sister would probably like some too."

I pouted, but Elizabeth gave me a stern look and I removed my hands from my body and allowed Nikki to get a good look at my naughty bits before I opened the cabinet doors above the sink and retrieved four coffee mugs. Then, Lexi increased my feelings of humiliation by smacking me playfully on the ass and saying, "You're right about her pert bottom, Nikki. It's small, firm and oh so cute!"

"She does a lot of exercises to firm up her glutes," Elizabeth added. "Her whole body is toned and sexy."

I poured coffee and hand delivered mugs to each of the women as they discussed my physical attributes. It made me feel deliciously submissive to serve coffee to clothed women while I was stark naked. Elizabeth and Lexi both openly stared at my shaved pubes, erect nipples and my toned buttocks. And Nikki acted as if there was nothing odd about Elizabeth making me display my naked body to a total stranger. I could feel my face blush hot as all three women examined my naked body. I felt deliciously submissive and objectified, and my sex throbbed wetly as I served coffee.

"I'm loving this image of you as a naked server," Elizabeth said as she looked at me over the lip of her coffee mug. "If I can get enough like-minded people together for a dinner party or a brunch, I'll recruit you to serve food and drink...stark naked of course."

I already felt vulnerable and helpless serving coffee to three clothed women. I felt butterflies in my stomach and a staccato beat in my chest at the thought of going even further.

"How many like-minded people?" I asked. "Anything over three is bound to be overwhelming. I don't think I can handle it."

"You're right," Elizabeth said teasingly, "you probably couldn't handle it. I'm disappointed, but I guess I'll just have to console myself by sharing those videos of you with all the people on my friends list."

"You what?" I said suddenly feeling more panicked than before. I was not only naked in those videos, but I looked like a libidinous slut! If those videos went public, I would literally die! My reputation would be ruined forever! I'd have to go live in an underground bomb shelter and never see the light of day ever again!

All three women had amused smirks on their faces, apparently enjoying my panic. Then Elizabeth spoke up and said, "I like the idea of you being the only one naked in a room full of clothed women. I want to see it happen. Help me out here and I won't have to send those videos to one-hundred-twelve of my closest friends."

"One-hundred-twelve?" I gasped incredulously.

"My dinner party would probably only have five or six people," Elizabeth said. "That would be a much smaller number than one-hundred-twelve. Of course, if you'd rather I send videos of your naked body to dozens of people rather than serve at my party, that's your choice and I respect that."

The thought of serving dinner to five or six fully clothed while I was humiliatingly naked both filled me with dread and stoked my libido. Left to my own devices I would have chickened out but Elizabeth was blackmailing me with something even scarier. Maybe I should have thanked her. She was forcing me to do something scary, but also darkly thrilling. In the end, the experience would probably be overwhelmingly erotic. But rather than tell her that, I pouted and accused her of being mean and manipulative.

I was frightened by all the things that could go wrong by exposing my naked body to the prurient gazes and grabby hands of even more women, but I was still excited. As Elizabeth and the other women in the cabin ogled my naked body, I felt a shameless wave of desire wash over me. It was bizarre, but my fear and my arousal seemed to be inextricably linked.
