III. 

It was one of those stories; the kind that would live on in Nyota Uhura’s memory until she bowed to death’s final call. It would burn and beg to be shared with strangers, friends, and grandchildren over steaming mugs of tea and trays of freshly baked cookies. She would smile when she thought of him…them…their moments filled with laughter, tears, and pain. 

She was happy and that very fact scared her shitless. 

The bottle weighed down her hand, a noticeable ache was present in her wrist. She read the name of the medication and memorized the warnings listed on the brightly colored stickers. She debated whether or not to down the pills with buttered toast or thin crackers. Without another thought she popped the top and swallowed the pills whole without water. 

Daylight had just begun to creep through the windows. It was the most peaceful time of the day. Paranoia and misplaced distress were dead asleep and of no consequence to her world. Most importantly, stretched across her queen- sized bed under a mountain of sheets lay a body, warm, fit, and damn near edible. She surveyed him from a distance, the wisps of hair that covered his legs, bruises on the small of his back where he’d fallen during ice skating, and the choppy layers of hair that desperately needed a professional cut. He stirred under her scrutiny and she moved closer. Her body molded to his as she slipped under the covers and found that his arms quickly made her a captive. 

Nyota had no complaints. 

A movie she had seen once, described it as a meet - cute. Unfortunately there was nothing that could be deemed delightful in reference to their initial introduction. It was a late night in January, the air was cold, and Leonard McCoy appeared out of nowhere. He had invaded her personal space, posed a threat to her safety, and in return Nyota attacked the man, and rendered him incapable of forming a counter attack. In the end it proved to be a simple misunderstanding. 

“I’m not a whore.” Nyota dabbed at the blood spilling from his nose. 

She had brought her victim inside, intent on righting her wrong, by graciously extending first aid and a warm beverage. 

McCoy snatched the towel from her hand, “Dammit, I never said you were.” He held his head back in attempt to stop the free pour of blood.

“What was all the talk about money and naming my price?” Her eyes stretched and her mouth twisted as she awaited his response. “Do you always talk to women like they’re a cheap trick for your enjoyment? Misogynistic asshole.”

“You know nothing about me. Watch your mouth lady.” He threw the towel down and stomped to the door. “Some pretty mouthed fucker gave me your address…just forget it.”

“Bright blue eyes…don’t know if you want to fuck him or kill him.” 

Understanding spread across McCoy’s face and the tension riddled throughout Nyota’s subsided with the laugh that escaped her lips.
“What’s so damn blasted funny?”
“We’ve been Kirk’d.”
Nyota’s laugh deepened and the tears burned the whites of her eyes. That night was the first time in years, she felt relief and joy in the same breath; a rare moment of bliss where neither sensation was chemically induced or enhanced. 

She rummaged in her freezer until she found a frost covered ice pack for the swelling around his nose. She was lost in his eyes when the kettle whistled, content to spend the rest of the evening there soaking up the charm in his lop – sided grin. He followed her to the kitchen and stood close as she poured the water in the mugs for their tea. 

McCoy was a good listener and a sinfully talented kisser. 

***

Dr. and Mrs. Leonard Horatio McCoy. 

Nyota rolled the title on her tongue as she flipped through the glossy pages of the bridal catalogs she had picked up from the wedding planner. White dresses, stiletto heels, and platinum bands covered in diamonds graced the publications’ sheets from cover to cover. She had little time to plan the perfect social event and more and more her fiancé was pressing for a quiet ceremony with their closest friends and family only.

Leonard’s proposal had come two months to the day after their first meeting. There was little fanfare; he had managed to pull together a candlelight dinner. He welcomed her home with a single purple lily, the air heavy with the scent of garlic, oregano, and basil; while the muted tones of Ben Harper played in the background. Leonard McCoy didn’t mince words. Speaking in generalities was not his thing.

“Don’t have much, but what I got is yours.” He’d stammered as he struggled to find his way on one knee in the professionally laundered pants she demanded he wear.

The sentiment in his voice had moved Nyota to tears and she took a chance, threw analysis out the window and let her heart be the guide.

“Yes.”

Anyone who asked heard the tale of their first meeting and her tendency towards violence. Arguments always ended with something being tossed at his head and followed by a marathon session of intimacy that bordered somewhere between fighting and fucking. That was their love – raw, passionate, and steeped in insanity. Still, Nyota’s retelling never changed, midway through her recollection, her lashes would lower, the corners of her mouth turned up, and a faint sigh eased from her lips. He was the man she’d waited years to find.

Their relationship was far from perfect. Uncertainty was the crutch that carried Nyota from day to day. She fancied him. She missed him when he was gone. She thought of him often, but he was a complicated mess. She had called off the wedding three times since he popped the question. Written a retraction for the society page and damn near mailed it only to break under the weight of her tears. She wanted this. A chance to prove that she needed something or someone more than the pills she popped and chased with exorbitantly priced bottles of wine.

Then there was her Len. He was still bitter from the end of his first marriage and the judge’s decision to grant sole custody to his ex–wife. He missed his child. Nightly Nyota fell asleep pressed tightly to his chest listening intently as he talked of their future children, boys and girls that exhibited their best qualities; a daughter with grace and a sharp tongue or a son with gentle hands and shrewd eye for business and valuable connections. Leonard had just as much to prove as Nyota.

His views were egalitarian at best. He hated her biased beliefs on class and upbringing. He was a public servant. She was an elitist snob. Leonard relegated his time and talent to city run hospitals and absolutely refused to consider Nyota’s suggestion of a move to private practice. She could lobby and fulfill the dreams of overpaid government officials he would continue to help those who understood his trials.

“Maybe you should marry Sarek’s spoiled little brat instead of the country doctor.”

She knew he hadn’t meant it. Those words had hurt his heart almost as much as they had destroyed the hope Nyota had in their potential for life long happiness. Her hand had extended of its own accord, the slap delivered to the side of his face a sample of the viciousness laced in her DNA.

McCoy taunted Nyota, “That’s the ticket, next time do it with a little more feeling.”

Her hand had been intercepted by his before contact with his face could be made for a second time. When their lips met the battle shifted from anger to lust. A brutal back and forth took place as she nipped his bottom lip and he forced his tongue past her teeth.

She wouldn’t have had it any other way.

His fingers were rough as they traveled up her thigh to the wetness birthed from their heated exchange. There was little gentleness in the way he thumbed her clit and she echoed his force as she retrieved the hardness from his pants. McCoy’s strokes were brutal and relentless. There were no verbal apologies only a cacophony of grunts and groans between them.

When Nyota’s back arched high off the mattress and her legs tightly wrapped around McCoy’s waist it was the only dose of medication she needed.

***

The staccato drum of her heels on the floor threatened the chemically induced joy Nyota felt after her morning spell of McCoy and Diazepam. Still her heart pounded and her breath quickened as she walked down the hall to Spock’s office.

Doubt…

Nerves…

She didn’t know which was to blame.

She found him there, bespectacled, attention focused on the monitor before him. It had been months since they last talked. Most of her free time had been consumed with the doctor and thoughts of their future. She’d caught glimpses of Spock in passing. His eyes full of desire but his tongue bridled by the allegiance he felt to Jim. The distance became a welcomed comfort. He sensed her presence before she spoke, when their eyes met, courage fled her soul, and the envelope she held slipped from her grasp.

Spock retrieved the item from the floor. His brows lifted as his gaze settled on his and Jim’s names written in Old English script. There was a moment of hesitation before Nyota watched as one of his bony fingers broke the envelope’s seal and removed the parchment. He was quiet as he studied the photo of the attractive couple and read the words; his face impassive. She turned to leave without a parting glance.

Spock’s voice rooted her to the ground beneath her feet, “Don’t do this.”

She had faith, so she thought, in her decision to marry the doctor until the edge in Spock’s voice chipped away at the resolve Nyota had built. It was easy for her mind to recall her first meeting with the senator’s son; the caress of his lips at the base of her neck and the fire that his touch stirred within her.

“I love him.” The words were lost in the center of his chest as long limbs wrapped around her body in a haphazard embrace. There was no concern for the spectators in the hall or the others in their lives when his head bent to meet her lips. She froze, refusing to give in to the very real need for him. Spock pushed her further, urging her to relinquish control, “I can’t.” Nyota whispered as she extricated herself from his arms.

“Look me in the eyes and tell me you feel nothing - you love me.”

It should have been a simple task, her tongue stumbled on the words, and “I’m not in love with you,” finally spilled from her lips. 

His knuckles brushed across her cheek and her breath hitched, “You, my Nyota, are a liar.”

Spock stood cocky and brazen, traits reminiscent of the man who shared his bed.

“I’m a liar.” Her voice escalated as she gathered her senses, “How quickly we forget.”

Forcefully he grabbed her and his fingers dug into her flesh, nearly breaking the skin. She’d broken through the superficial air that surrounded him. His gritted his teeth with the portentous warning, “You will never be happy.”

“I am happy.” Spock flinched under Nyota’s words.

“I love him not you.” His jaw tightened with her words. The resurgence of power in her veins spurred on her venomous verbal attack, “He wants me – not some little rent boy that’s tasted every drop of seed from here to Long Island. It’s his name I call when I come, not yours.”

Briefly she feared for her safety, as passion and rage burned in his eyes. Within seconds the mask of composure returned and Spock took two steps back causing the physical gap to mirror the emotional one between them. “Congratulations.” He crumbled the battered picture in his hand.